 NOTE: This next section continues Ashley's story. As you know if you read my stories, I tend to write everything in the Sci-Fi category because that is the genre I am writing in. In this story you can expect to see MF and FF and most likely MFF, although, not all in every post. If you read part one you can tell I am focusing a lot more on the story this time, I hope that is something you like. 

Hope you enjoy part 2/chapters 4-6. Any feedback would be appreciated as this is a new style I am trying. (Less sex and more plot, plus a little more suburban fantasy.) 

Chapter 4

I got up early the next day, after just a couple of hours sleep. I burned a little life energy to rejuvenate my body. Sam had left about three in the morning and it was just six now. I wanted to read the demon, and it didn't seem like I was going to find the time today, unless I made it. I stretched feeling pleasantly sore, still sated from Sam and my late night activities.

I knew I shouldn't be doing it, it was a federal matter now, but the curiosity was getting to me. I held my locket in my right hand and reached out with my mind. I saw right away that he had been enduring some enhanced interrogation techniques. He was also proud of the fact he hasn't broken. I sighed in exasperation, why didn't they just ask for help? A little while with a witch... 

I snorted, be like a guy asking for directions, not going to happen. 

I dismissed the thought and dove back into his mind. I dug a bit and found out he didn't know very much at all. Just that he had orders to gather information for someone else. He was hired to gather Intel about the changes in our world the last twenty years. Now that we had a treaty with the Angelic dimension. 

He was also ordered to test the effectiveness of cursed bullets against a Witch's protection spells. It seemed strange to me that he needed so much ammo for a simple test. I dug around a bit more and saw he was exceeding orders, getting greedy since the test was successful and planned to sell all those bullets to some very bad people.

Luckily, we got him before that happened.

He also didn't have a name for the guy he was working for. Just that his boss was so old he scared the crap out of him. I shook my head. The guy was a spy living in the dark, just a tool. The only clue was he had a cell phone number in his head for the boss. I bit my lip in thought, homeland knew none of this. Not that a phone number was a whole lot, but it was more than they had. 

I spent about an hour searching his mind but got nothing else useful, and found out whole lot I really didn't want to know. 

Should I call Sam and let him know? I was afraid he would turn on me if he found out what I did. I would have to think on it a while. I also needed to decide if I should tell my captain, but that would probably get me thrown in jail. 

I took a long shower, to relax, and got ready for work. I stopped to get coffee on the way to the precinct out of pure habit. I was still wide awake from the life energy I used this morning. I was also in a good mood still, from last night with Sam. I should have known it was too good to last.

I smiled at Bonnie as I sat down, "Morning!"

She raised an eyebrow at me, "Someone got lucky last night."

My smile faltered as I felt a surge of jealousy. That can't be right.

They she continued, deflating my mood, "Captain wants to see you."

I headed to the Captain's office, he told me to close the door. Three days, three times in the Captain's office, that can't be a good sign. 

I said cautiously, "You wanted to see me sir?"

He said gruffly, "Yes Price, got a request here for your assistance. You need to report to the academy this morning, just for an hour or so, then go do your real job. Take Linder with you, she is your partner again today."

What the hell was that about? Go back to the academy? 

I asked, "Can I ask who requested me sir?"

He said, "Sanders, now get out of here."

Sanders? I wondered what Billy wanted with me, he was the martial arts instructor. Probably the only instructor that actually liked me at the academy when I was there. I guess I would find out. I left the office and filled in Bonnie on what was going on. When I turned and we started for the elevator I felt a surge of lust and need from my partner, mixed in with that earlier jealousy.

I was trying to be good, determined not to hit on my partner, despite my growing attraction. It was going to be ten times harder if she was returning my feelings of attraction. Crap. I wasn't sure that I could say no if she hit on me. Hell, I wasn't sure I could resist hitting on her if this continued. 

There wasn't exactly a regulation against it, but the last thing I needed was judging looks about how the succubus is fucking her partner. There was just no way to keep something like that a secret, it would get out. I already had enough problems being taken seriously due to my looks and what I was.

We made it across town in fairly good time. Flashing our badges at the entrance we walked straight back to the hand to hand training area. Billy was giving a lesson and nodded to us when we walked in. I guess I would find out what he needed when it happened. I had a good guess, but just listened as he spoke.

Billy said firmly, "Some of you will be partnered with an Angel, or a Demon, join their department, and deal with lawbreakers with powers. Even those of you who are assigned to other areas may one day face a supernatural threat. What you need to know is this. If it comes down to fists, you will lose. Don't even try. Use your knockout charms, and if that fails run away, and call in those that can face that type of threat. For those of you who are paired, if it comes down to a fight, you let your partner handle it, or you use the charm, or if you must, your gun."

"I told you this yesterday, and many of you have the same bored looks on your faces that you had then. Some of you believe, foolishly I might add, that this does not apply to you. Some of you cocky bastards would no doubt die in your first fight. To that end, I have arranged that first fight, here and now, so you don't die of fucking stupidity when you make it to the streets."

I watched as fourteen heads turned to look at Bonnie and I. Most of them had disbelieving stares as they took in my short and petite form. I would have preferred it if I was asked, but far be it for me to object to kicking their asses. In the long run it may save their lives, plus, it sounded like fun.

Of course, this was a big part of the problem, and what led to problems on a personal level between humans and supernatural races. Humans didn't like to feel outclassed. So on some level I wasn't happy about this at all, but I would do it. Even if it made them hate me a little more, at least they would be alive.

I took them on one by one, at first using my witch powers to slow down everything around me, at least by perception. I ramped it up after a while because they kept trying, thinking it was skill on my part, and not just natural advantage. I was a little worried about how Bonnie would see me after this, but it did something I would never have expected. She was turned on by it.

Very turned on, I could sense her wet arousal as I stomped down my opponents. It was distracting, but not enough for my opponents to land a blow, they were just too slow. When the class ended Billy thanked me.

Billy said, "Thanks for coming. Would you mind doing it again, I think it would help if you kicked every class coming through here."

He grinned.

I said dubiously, "I have a choice? I'd be happy to. If it keeps some of them alive it's more than worth a couple of hours of my time."

He grimaced, "Your Captain didn't give you a choice? It was a request for you to come and help. I didn't mean to force it on you."

Just one more reason to hate the bastard I guess, as if I needed another.

I shrugged and said, "I would have come anyway. It was good to see you, until next time?"

I stopped quickly in the bathroom on the way out. To check myself before getting back to my real job, but nothing was out of place, I looked fine. I could still feel the arousal, lust and attraction from Bonnie. It didn't help at all that I not only thought she was hot but liked her as well. I cut her out of my senses. I just couldn't deal with it anymore today. I was starting to get a little wet myself.

I also thought of Sam and felt guilty. Which actually kind of pissed me off. He knows what I am after all. I guess it was because we had never actually talked about it. But he should know, based on what I am that a monogamous relationship was impossible.

I realized I needed to talk to him soon about it. I think I had been putting it off because I didn't want to lose him. Just in case he was a dumbass that didn't realize the obvious. The rest of the day went fairly slowly. The highlight being a domestic disturbance called in by a couple's neighbor. Apparently a human woman wanted to kill her demon lover for being a man slut. 

It was a little funny, at least the demon wasn't violent, just the human woman. When we arrived he was packing, and ignoring his girlfriend who was hitting him with a broom handle. We subdued the woman and sat at the table. The demon refused to press charges, so we waited as he packed, the woman yelling the whole time about him being a two timing cheating bastard.

She actually wanted us to arrest him. I patiently explained that cheating is not against the law. I tried really hard not to laugh, it was hard not too. Bonnie kept giving me these looks that clearly said, 'Can't we knock her out with a spell?' That wasn't really helping.

I sighed. It was so familiar an issue and one that fit my life almost too well. I knew I would be lucky to find a human that could deal with their partner needing multiple partners. They just weren't wired that way though, for the most part. I caught myself wishing Bonnie and Sam were two that could deal with it, but I squashed that line of thought rather quickly.

To my relief, and disappointment, Bonnie did not hit on me or ask me out. By the end of the day I was drained, and I needed advice. Not to mention sustenance.

Chapter 5

I wound up going to Tony's strip club, I was just hoping I didn't run into mom there, I really didn't want to see her stripping. Ever. My mind might explode. It was fairly safe though, she only does it every once in a while. Tony was a close family friend who I had considered an uncle since I learned to talk.

"Hey Tony," I said with a wink when I sat at the bar. "Beer on tap please."

He winked back and said, "Sure thing sexy."

I sent out lines of succubus power, topping off from the customers. I ignored the questioning glances sent my way that seemed to ask if I would be half naked and dancing soon. Of course, there was nothing wrong with being a dancer. It just seemed counterintuitive to me, if I was going to avoid casual sex. Which brought me to half the reason I was here.

I told Tony about Sam, then about Bonnie. I wanted advice on how to handle these things. I felt stuck between my nature and not wanting to hurt the people I cared for. I was wondering if it was actually possible to accomplish. 

Tony didn't say anything for a while, looking thoughtful.

He said, "You seem more sensitive than most of the succubae I know. Perhaps it is because you are half Witch, even Human. Jezebel was sensitive like you to a certain extent, but she enjoyed a lot more casual relationships until she met your mother, and they even carried on after that. You must find what works for you. It is a balance between the two though.

"I would never suggest this usually, but for you I would go with honesty."

He shuddered, as if horrified at what he said.

I snickered and he grinned and winked.

He shrugged, "If you don't want to hurt someone just be upfront, explain it. Even if you will fall in love with them in the future, explain that it can never be exclusive. Tell them you aren't a slut that fucks anything that moves or comes along, but you need more than one intimate relationship in your life. Tell them that it won't be casual, and your heart will be involved with the others you are with. Then if they go for it, it is their fault if they can't take it and get hurt.

"The thing that seems important to you is that you don't hurt them, so make sure if they get hurt it is their fault. I doubt Sam is stupid, not knowing your nature. But some human men are arrogant, thinking that they and only they would be enough to satisfy one of your kind. You should make sure he knows."

I thought about what he said, and it sounded easy enough, except I knew it wouldn't be. The beginning of a relationship was fragile, telling someone they will never be enough sounds like a bad start. Even if in my case, it was total truth. I am a succubus, one would never be enough, even two doesn't seem plausible. I might be with only one right now, but it isn't easy. 

It would be so much easier if I could just be as casual as Jezebel about sex, or hell, even my mother was much more promiscuous than I am. No judgment on the lifestyle, but my Human, or Witch side, hates that idea. Multiple relationships sounds like a good compromise between my halves, but hell, a one on one relationship was hard enough at times, at least for me. I truly envied my parents sometimes, all four of them. They had almost fallen into it.

But Tony was right. I needed to call Sam and talk to him about it. I pulled out my phone and sent a text, asking if he could stop by later. I also needed to tell him about his prisoner, I was afraid that if I didn't, something bad would happen that otherwise would have been stopped. I just hoped he wouldn't take it badly. He could get downright assholish about secrets. 

He paged back he would be there in a couple of hours, so I stayed for another beer and talked to Tony for a while, when he was free. I hoped Sam would take it well, because I was really hot from feeding, I could use another good night of sex...

---------------

Two hours my ass. It was closer to four when he knocked on my door at eleven thirty. I took a deep breath to relax. This would be hard enough without being pissed off. When I opened the door he pulled me into a kiss, devouring my lips without even saying hello. My first thought was that telling him could come after, but I pushed him back a bit.

"We need to talk a minute Sam. If you still want me when I am done talking we can go there."

He looked at me questioningly and searched my eyes. Then slowly nodded and we made our way over to the couch.

I went through the personal stuff first. How I didn't do one night stands, but the only other option for a succubus would be a multiple person relationship. He didn't look happy about that at all. Part of me felt guilty for not saying something a long time ago, instead of waiting until I had found someone else I was mutually attracted with. 

Even if nothing had happened yet with Bonnie, I wasn't sure how long that would last. On the other hand, he never said anything to me either. Just came and had a good time with me whenever he was in town. We had never defined a relationship, either of us. But it was... Implied.

He said frowning, "I knew you were a succubus, but you were half and I didn't think..." He just trailed off. 

I wondered if that meant he was thinking about it, or if he was just really pissed off and deciding whether or not to dump me. Fuck. And I thought that would have been the less destructive news. Although he didn't say anything, I could feel his anger, and even a tinge of disgust.

I hated how it made me feel small. It's who I am damn it. Shit. I decided I needed to tell him the rest of it, about his prisoner, and the lead I got from his mind...

I said softly, "Sam, there is more, although this is more of a professional thing..."

I sighed, and told him how angry I was the other day when he took my suspect. I came clean about taking the hair, and told him about the phone number I had discovered in his mind. All about how he was a spy but that he didn't know for who, or even who that person worked for ultimately. That the bullet was to test our defenses, and the selling part was all him and not part of the lead's purpose.

When he turned red with anger I felt insulted. It was clear to me, that going to fuck someone else meant a lot less to him then his precious secrets. 

Asshat.

He finally burst out, "Damn it Ash! You know I should arrest you right? Interfering with a top secret investigation. What the hell were you thinking!?"

I was beyond pissed, I help him out and he is incensed. Plus I was feeling insecure, his job obviously coming first, even emotionally. 

"Get the hell out, or fucking arrest me. Either way you're welcome for the lead. It's not like I found out any government secrets, I found out what the bad guy was doing. Just leave."

He sat there so long staring at me I flinched when he suddenly moved off the couch and headed for the door. I was drowning in his anger and disgust. I couldn't believe this was my Sam. I should have told him, a long time ago.

Now I was hurt, sexually frustrated, and pissed off. I popped open my freezer and ate a whole half gallon of ice cream before heading to bed alone. The good thing about binge eating for emotional issues in my case, I could always shift away any weight gain.

As I ate the ice cream I pondered that I had pretty much side swiped him. He was stupid apparently, and thought he would be enough. Maybe he got madder about the job, because the other had him in emotional shock and he was still processing. I doubted it, but I suppose I owed him a few days to get over it.

I wondered if I should just give up on Humans altogether, stick with the supernatural. At least they understood without a map. I knew one thing, if I even had a chance to be with Bonnie I would tell her before I spread my legs. No matter how horny or tempted I was. Times like these were the hardest, no one in my life. The temptation to just go out and fuck was almost overwhelming. I mean there was no one to hurt at this point if I turned into a raging slut right? Yeah, not that easy.

When my neighbor Lou came to mind for pure physical relief, I knew I was losing it. I had thought about pleasuring myself, but without a partner, someone to connect with, my succubus would not be satisfied. It may have tickled my Witch side, but ultimately could make things worse. I reached for my Witch magic, using it to push me into a deep sleep. I knew I would have tossed and turned for hours otherwise.

Chapter 6

I woke up and decided things weren't so bad. I didn't have a lover anymore, but I also wasn't in jail. Maybe what I did would help, I just hoped it didn't come back and bite me in the ass. I ate some breakfast and got ready for work. I put on the conservative clothes, and hated it. Damn, only day four on the job and I was already tired of the outfits I had to wear.

I wanted something a little, racier. I may not have been into one night stands, but I still liked to be looked at, it fed my succubus side. Not really vanity, just an inner instinct and need to be attractive to the people around me. One of the few instincts my Human/Witch side didn't really mind at all. Okay, so it was a little vain on my Witch side, so not the point. But I put on the dowdy professional crap and headed out the door.

When I got in the office I was once again directed to the Captain's office. Great, welcome to Thursday. That would be four for four. Four days, four times in the office. When I got there my stomach dropped. Maybe I would be paying for my good deed after all. Sam was in there and he didn't look happy. I knocked and went in, closing the door and just waited.
