 Note: Hope you like it so far, this is my third submission on this story, chapters 7-9. 

Chapter 7

It was about nine in the morning on Friday, it felt strange not needing to be anywhere. I realized this would be a good time to increase my defenses, and find a way to deal with fire. I was kind of in limbo waiting for a call, and we were going after an old powerful demon. 

First I considered working on my gravity, but I decided against it. All the fragile stuff around, like my apartment building, dissuaded me.

It wasn't like I never tried, or didn't practice, it is just the primal forces eluded me. I was okay with most of the other stuff, life, transmutation etc...

That got me thinking about the possibilities. Stone was a poor conductor of heat, granted, demon fire was extremely hot. Still it should afford me protection long enough to end the fight, as long as it didn't go on to long. It was just annoying having to come up with a new way. 

I didn't understand why I couldn't do it the normal way. But still, it would be better than nothing, and if I could ever learn to control gravity right, I wouldn't need it in the future.

I threw on some comfortable jeans that made my ass look good. A tight shirt and some shoes finished the ensemble and I headed to the park. I didn't want to have to transmute something in the apartment, and there was all that dirt in the park. I was thinking about using marble, it was an effective insulator. Although it would crack when cooled, no fight would last long enough for that to matter.

It might get hot enough to burn my skin, but I could fix that with shape shifting. If I was turned to ash there would be no coming back from that. When I got to the park I worked on it. Transmuting dirt, or anything available, to stone. I also had to increase my muscle mass to move normally. The hardest part was figuring out the joints, so no fire could get through, but I would still be able to move.

It wouldn't be much protection if I covered myself and could move at all.

Once I had it worked out, I imbued my locket with the spell. I was completely drained from all the practicing. I didn't want to use my personal power for my improvised shielding during a fight. That way I could save that energy for offensive capabilities. 

I needed to feed badly, both kinds. 

I grabbed lunch on the way to Tony's, I needed to feed, but I also wanted to test it out. Tony shooting fire at me made me nervous, but better testing it with him instead of during a fight.

When I got to Tony's I put out feeding tendrils, taking a little from each customer. There weren't many people here this time of day so I spread it out over a couple of hours. One of the main advantages to being both a Witch and Succubus is I could just channel the life energy I skimmed and feed it straight into the locket. 

Once I was back up to strength personally I did exactly that, filling the locket with power to fuel the transmutation spell.

I said grinning impishly, "Hey Tony, want to shoot me with fire?"

When he lifted an eyebrow I explained.

We headed down into his basement. He didn't waste any time, I activated the spell which sheathed my body in marble and then removed my clothes. I imagine I looked silly, naked marble woman, but no reason to lose my clothes for a test. 

Plus, marble looked much sexier than a pile of ash. I let his fire hit me for about fifteen seconds, I could tell the last five he was really trying. The stone was getting very warm and I could feel it burning my skin beneath.

I said quickly, "That's enough!"

When he stopped I removed the stone and fixed my burns. It hurt a bit, but nothing too bad. I smiled up at him and said, "Well, it's not ideal, but fifteen seconds is a long time, for one of our kind of fights anyway."

He replied, "No doubt, but you may want to aim for a little faster. The first few seconds I went easy just in case." He shrugged, "Your mom would have been mad at me if I had to explain any accidents."

I snorted and said while dressing, "Thanks for the concern uncle..."

He grinned at me impudently and said, "Anytime..."

I felt the amulet and there was still plenty of power in it, but I topped it off anyway, since I was already in a tit bar, why not? As Tony headed upstairs I felt a portal opening up. I turned toward it wondering what my mother wanted, but it wasn't her. Cat stepped out. She looked barely eighteen nowadays. 

Cat said, "Hi young one."

I couldn't help it. She looked so cute and young, calling me young one made me laugh. I stopped though when she scowled at me. No one knew how old she actually was, and she was undisputedly leader of the Witches. She was terribly nice, but also scary in a way. I had a feeling she forgot more about magic than anyone else ever knew.

I said, "Hi Cat, what brings you by?"

She sighed, "Sit child, we have some things to talk about."

I bristled at that, but did what she said. I may be rash sometimes but try to avoid stupidity... Mostly.

When the silence got uncomfortable I said, "So..."

Cat said, "I know this will make you angry, but your mother asked me to keep an eye on you, make sure you were okay. She is as well of course."

She was right, I was mad at that. Like I was five and needed a minder, much less minded by the most powerful Witch alive.

Cat waved a hand, "That isn't why I am here, it just led to it. Originally I was never going to tell you, or bother you in any way. But I've been watching you for a while now. I couldn't help but notice the control issues you have with certain of your powers. Do you know what the cause is?"

I shook my head. "Some things I had to study hard before I mastered, some came easily. Primal forces though, no matter how hard I study, or how long I practice, it's just a disaster. Mom always said I just had to work harder at it, but it's not working."

Cat said thoughtfully, "Primal forces are our most powerful abilities, much like demon fire or curses are a demon's most powerful ability. I can tell you that your work ethic, or study, has nothing at all to do with your failure."

I raised my eyes, suddenly hopeful, "What is it then?"

Cat said, "Come with me."

She opened a portal and stepped through, I followed a moment later.

I looked around, we were in the forest next to a small creek, I wondered why she brought me here, but knew she would explain eventually.

She said, "This creek bed is like a witch, the water her power. It flows straight from the source running downstream."

I watched as she sped up the water with magic, it started to go by quickly.

She said, "As you can see, with a strong flow of magic, there is no difference, you can still see the bottom yes? Everything moves smoothly."

I nodded, not sure where she was going with this at all.

Suddenly the ground shook, and a long strip of dirt rose up in the middle of the stream, the length of it running with the now normal slow current again. Essentially making two streams side by side upriver, but coming back together into one stream by where we were standing.

She said softly, "This is you my dear, split in two. Two halves. Witch and Demon. At odds within you, instead of in balance together. You don't see yourself as one being, you see yourself as two, constantly fighting the other."

I sighed. "That is what I am."

She frowned and said, "Watch the stream, how they join back together with ripples. Consider this the strength it would take to grow a tree, or make its roots move. Or really anything you are good at, the lesser powers. There is a ripple where your powers meet, but not so bad it would screw things up."

She then increased the flow of the streams, and where they met was suddenly white foam, cavitations of the water, disturbing where the two streams came together as one again.

She said, "This is you working more powerful magic, this is why your gravity control is so unpredictable. The greater powers turn unpredictable, because of how you are, because of how you see yourself. It has nothing to do with ability, or study, it is all about your perceived duality."

She looked at me sternly and said, "I say perceived because you are one being, not two stuck in one body. You need to bring balance to your sides." The dirt strip in the middle of the river lowered, and the cavitations stopped. 

She continued, "Then you will be able to cast the deeper magic. Yes, gravity is cheap energy wise, but it is a greater magic, messing with the primal natural forces of the universe. Do you understand?"

I said sadly, "Yes, I won't ever be able to use the primal magic. I can't prevent my sides from conflicting, can I?"

She said impatiently, "I wouldn't have bothered to talk to you if it was hopeless. Of course you can bring balance to yourself. It won't be easy, I suggest you start here."

I felt the knowledge settle into my mind, how to meditate and search within.

She said, "Another good start is to stop thinking of yourself as two separate beings. A lot of people have conflicting thoughts. Granted, your succubus' instincts make it a little harder on you, but they are your instincts. 

"You want to go out and feed, have casual sex with whomever you want. You also find that thought disturbing, and want love through multiple relationships. That doesn't mean you are two people though.

"It is okay to resist the instinct to go out and find a stranger to fuck. What is causing you to be out of balance is that you are not accepting the fact that they are your wants and needs. You are the one splitting yourself in half, not accepting what you are. You resent part of what makes you, a part of your whole. 

"It is okay to want both, and just choose one. But you must accept all of who you are. Right now you hate and resent your succubus side, the need to feed and fuck, and it is throwing you out of balance. It is the self judgment, resentment, and hate doing it. Not that you control yourself, it is how you control yourself."

She sighed, "Remember how you felt last night with Bonnie? You were in balance then, able to explore your sexual needs without guilt, since it also satisfied your other needs. That is what you must find. You must be at peace with how you feel, and what you want. 

"Even if you stop yourself from seeking a one night stand out of love or loyalty to others, you need to be okay with feeling it. When you finally do accept yourself as a whole person, I think you will be surprised at the hidden power within you."

I was angry at first, her bringing up something so personal and private to me. But she was right, when I can be with someone that satisfies me emotionally and physically at the same time I am in sync with both sides of myself.

I just didn't see how I could get to a point of feeling that all the time. How could I balance the romantic with the rutting slut? How could I not hate wanting to spread my legs for a stranger? Simply for a nice feed. How do I simply resist it, instead of reviling what was in me, what I truly wanted. 

I guess I believed her enough to try the meditation techniques she gave me. It made a certain amount of sense. 

Cat pulled me in for a hug then said, "Good luck young one. The stone idea is a good one. I hope it keeps you safe until you find your balance."

She opened up a portal. 

I could see my apartment on the other side. I stepped through and the portal closed, Cat remaining behind.

Chapter 8

I was trying the meditation technique Cat gave me. It was, as far as I could tell, not helping. At least I don't have to go to therapy to learn how to love myself. Apparently I can do it all on my own.

I snorted, then tried again. 

I realized this wasn't going to be fast or easy, I have been hating on my succubus half since I hit puberty. Resenting it. Trying to change that to, I love you and you are a part of one whole person, but I am still not going to be a slut, wasn't going to be easy. I felt a little silly too, but if I could manage this I wouldn't only be happier about myself maybe I could do the primal nature Witch spells.

Thank god the phone started ringing. I mean, damn! I really wanted to keep meditating...

"Hello?"

Sam spoke, his voice flat and all business, "We are on, the phone was on for a short while, I doubt he is still there but I am texting you the address, meet me there."

Shit, fucker just hung up on me. I growled.

I went ahead and changed fast and headed out the door to the address, laughing when I got there. Seems the guy we were after likes to visit houses of ill repute. I opened my demonic senses while I waited close by, Sam wasn't there yet. I sensed two other demons, but just two succubae. I had a feeling the only reason they were here was to peddle flesh.

I kind of got it, where they were coming from. It would be a good way to both stay fed and get lots of cock. Perfect for the inner succubus slut. But what about the rest of the equation? It must leave them cold spreading it for just anyone. 

Maybe not though, they don't have a Witch inside them, demanding more from life, like I do. Damn. That wasn't a fair thought either, my aunt Jezebel is one of the most loving people I know.

As a cop I should probably turn this in, but no doubt the feds would want to keep it open to catch the spy master, whoever he was.

Sam finally showed up, his face was stone but I could feel his disgust at having to work with me. I was tempted to kick his ass, if he was that judgmental where the fuck did he get off dating a succubus in the first place. But all I did was remove him from my senses, something I had never thought I would need to do. 

Asshole.

I was tempted to just walk away, I didn't need this crap from him, but I knew that would bite me in the ass. At the very least I would get fired from the force. My face turned to stone as well as I followed him up the walkway.

The madam opened the door, a woman in her later thirties. She warily asked what we wanted.

Sam said neutrally, "Well ma'am, we need to talk to you about one of your customers."

Her eyes narrowed and she said, "I don't know what you're talking about sir."

I snorted, drawing a glare from the woman. I really should learn patience when I am angry.

Sam said, "It's either that or I call in the police, maybe the FBI to go through this house. Or you could answer a few questions and we will just disappear."

Awesome, when a citizen does it, it's called blackmail, for the government it's called an interrogation technique.

Her eyes narrowed when he flashed his badge, but she let us in and back into her office.

She motioned us to sit and said, "What do you want to know?"

Sam asked, "There was a man here a couple of hours ago, would have been using his phone for about thirty minutes?"

She asked curiously, "Has he done something?"

We just stared at her and she sighed.

She said, "Yes, there is a man that comes in every couple of days. Entertains a couple of my girls for hours, then chases them out to make a few business calls. Then he leaves. He was here a few hours ago. Should be back in a day or two I'd imagine, he always is."

Her eyes narrowed, "Is this man a danger to my girls?"

Sam shook his head, "I don't think so ma'am, although telling him someone is looking for him could be dangerous. He might not take it well. If he comes back in just treat him the same is my advice, he hasn't hurt them yet has he?"

She shook her head.

He nodded back and we headed out.

Before he got in his car I wanted to know. What can I say? I was glutton for punishment.

"Sam, you thinking about the other night, working through it, or are we done?"

He muttered, "Not going to talk about it. We'll have this place under surveillance and will call you when he comes back. That should give us enough time, as long as he fucks for a couple of hours before powering the phone on to make his calls. Don't bother calling me, we will call you."

Then the bastard closed the door in my face and pulled away. Ass...

------------

Bonnie called me as I took the subway home. 

It put me in a much better mood. We made plans for dinner and a movie at my apartment. A quiet night in with her sounded wonderful to me. I was busy in the kitchen putting together the last touches of dinner when the doorbell sounded. Oh hell, I felt Lou out in the hallway with her.

I opened the door to let her in and saw a relieved smile cross her face.

I tried to smile but doubted I pulled it off at all and said, "Hey Bonnie, I see you've met Lou. Sorry to drag her away but dinner is ready, you understand."

She snickered as I pulled her in the apartment and closed the door. The guy was such a creep.

Bonnie pulled me into a long lingering kiss, when she pulled away she smiled, "Thanks for the rescue, your neighbor is... Interesting."

I snorted, "I'm probably too nice to him, but I like this apartment. Don't really want to deal with the hassle of dealing with a bunch of annoying neighbors. At least so far he is the only one bugging me."

I took Bonnie in. She looked very sexy with a short black skirt and a light shirt. She was wearing some comfortable looking open toed shoes with two inch heels. Her raven black hair was lustrous and down tonight, seeming to shine in the afternoon light coming in my window.

Bonnie looked around and said, "I really like it too. It's you."

I replied, "Thanks, make yourself at home. Dinner is ready too. Something to drink?"

We had some wine and enjoyed dinner when she surprised me again. It also finally drove home the fact that she had no problem with what I was.

Cat was right about me, I judged myself too much. No wonder it was suppressing my power. It would be like a violinist hating their strings, and wondering why they weren't a virtuoso. Part of me couldn't believe she was asking, almost like I expected her to keep me, a succubus girlfriend, a secret from her family. Her dirty little secret, but that wasn't what I was, not to her.

Bonnie asked, "I have a family BBQ tomorrow, I'd like you to come and meet my family. I already told them about you, so it won't be a surprise. Trust me. They don't mind the race or the bi thing. They all have demon and angel friends on the force. As for the latter they have all known how I lean for years. So will you come?"

I thought for a moment, not about meeting her family, because I would be fine with that, but about being on call. If there was truly a two hour window, going out to the suburbs on Long Island would not stop me from getting back on time. 

Plus I was sure I could grub a portal from mom in an emergency, but only if I had no choice, I hated asking. Lastly, the madam said he came every couple of days, which meant he shouldn't even be back until Sunday, so it would probably be fine.

I said softly with a smile that reached my eyes this time, "I would love to."

We picked a movie after dinner, an action with romance in it. We may have even seen the first five minutes or so of the film. I started to caress her thigh lightly with my nails, moving up her leg in slow small circles. I smiled at her increased breathing as my hand reached underneath her skirt, getting teasingly close to her core.

When I looked over at her, she was looking directly at me with hunger and lust in her eyes. I turned and straddled her legs, mine wide enough so hers would still spread. I teasingly ran my nails all the way up her inner thigh, grazing her core as our lips met in a passionate kiss. I felt a thrill go through me as I felt the moistness of her panties with my lightly brushing knuckles. 

I moaned deeply into her mouth as the smell of her arousal became apparent, a fire of lust against my succubus's senses. I ran my fingers underneath the edge of her panties, so close but not touching her yet. She whimpered into my mouth at the sensation and I felt her unbutton and unzip my jeans as I caressed her face, hair and neck with my other hand.
