 This is the fourth posting of Ashley's Tale. Chapters 10-12. The first posting just went up yesterday and I wanted to say thanks for the encouraging feedback and votes.



Chapter 10

I tried meditating a bit on the train, but the people around me talking and the sway of the train was just too distracting. I'd have to learn to love the inner slut some other time. Of course I realized my snarky nasty internal comment toward my inner succubus wasn't helping at all.

I got there in just over an hour. Sam looked annoyed when I walked up. We were meeting a block away. There were also a number of men wearing tactical gear. 

I questioned, "We are taking him in the house?"

He looked at me and said shortly, "What of it."

I rolled my eyes, "Civilians in harm's way, why don't we grab him when he leaves?"

He shook his head, "We will wait until he gets on the phone. There shouldn't be any people around him at that point."

Just great, idiot. Anyone in the house will be in danger. We were taking down a demon, a powerful one who could probably reduce most of the house to a cinder in minutes. And I wouldn't lay odds against the pipes melting and the foundation cracking.

Knowing it was a lost cause I just said, "I don't like it, it's your fault if anyone dies."

He glared at me, but didn't say anything. We sat there in an uncomfortable silence for another thirty minutes, it was grueling. 

I reached out with my demon senses to check the house, it seemed like it was almost time. I found something I didn't expect.

"Three demons?"

He nodded.

I said in a falsely calm voice, "Are you trying to get me killed?"

He growled, "No, why would you say that."

I said bluntly with a little heat, "Because you're so mad at me for being exactly what you knew I was, that you haven't gone over the tactical situation at all, asshole. Get your head out of your ass or replace yourself, right now I don't trust you to have my back."

I could see the tactical guys fidgeting with their weapons, but they didn't say anything.

He took a deep breath, "Shit. There are three demons including our guy, in the third bedroom on the left, from the stairs on the second floor. We go in as soon as he is done... Bartering. The Tactical team will remove anyone from the first floor as we go in, and clear out the second as we confront the spy."

I nodded, half satisfied. Still didn't trust him at my back, but I would deal. I had the uneasy feeling he'd happily watch me die if it meant getting the perp. Things were getting tense but it was only a few more minutes before I heard the crackle of a radio.

We were notified that the phone was on and we moved in. The first floor had a number of saleswomen there, so they were shuffled out. The madam stared daggers at us as she was escorted outside, but didn't yell or scream. Smart of her. We took the stairs slowly, I recognized one of the succubae in the hall, her eyes widened and she ran for the third door.

Shit.

"We've got to move, one of the succubae here is in the know, either that or stupid."

Sam and I ran toward the room and took position on either side of the door. I touched it with my pinky, transmuting it to sand. 

Sam said forcefully, "Homeland security! Drop your weapons you are under arrest."

We looked in at the same time. My mouth almost dropped open. The demon had grey hair, and wrinkles. He had to be at least seven thousand years old. He was also holding a gun up to the woman's head. Either she hadn't played a part, and we had freaked her out thinking it was her in trouble, or he turned on her for a hostage.

I shot lightning at the three of them, as I suspected the older guy shrugged it off, but it knocked out the two others. The succubus didn't look to thrilled either, but she was fine, I hadn't hit her directly.

The demon said loudly, "Stop or she dies. Let me leave or she dies."

I could feel their emotions. The succubus was nervous, but not nearly enough. I had a feeling she was in on it, of course, what she didn't know was he would snap her neck in a heartbeat. She thought it was an act on his part.

Sam shrugged at me. That was so not helpful. Apparently it was up to me to decide how to fix this. Then again if it was up to him he would probably just shoot her.

I yelled out, "We know she is on your side, what she doesn't know is you don't care, isn't that right?"

He answered, "Damn right, so let me out or she dies."

I could feel she still wasn't all that concerned, problem is, I needed her help to save her, and that wasn't going to happen. I closed my eyes briefly and sent her the knowledge of his emotions and intentions, if that doesn't work then at least I tried.

I smiled in satisfaction when I felt her surge of fear. I sent in more lightning at him, it still didn't knock him out, but this time the stupid bitch got free and ran for it when he was stunned for a moment, which was my intention. I followed the lightning up with a knockout charm, but it didn't do shit. Damn this guy was tough.

I went into the room full speed, fully embracing my magic. He might be seven thousand years old and may have won thousands of fights. But my demonic speed, added to the perception slowdown of my Witch power, made me incredibly fast. I managed to knock the gun out of his hand, but he evaded my hold when I tried to get cuffs on, then he was surrounded by fire.

I activated the amulet, covering myself in marble just in time to take two punches to my face, it hurt. Then I added strong lightning charges to my hands. I wasn't sure how much he could take, and touching him to deliver the lightning would be much cheaper in cost of my power. 

He was fast, he managed to block three of my four punches and send a little fire my way despite my added advantage of Witch perception slowing things down around me. But it didn't matter that they were blocked, all four punches filled him with lightning anyway. He just absorbed it through his arms instead of his face and torso. 

When he finally fell to the floor I got a pair of magical cuffs on him fast, then his buddies who were still unconscious.

I yelled, "Clear!"

I grabbed a hair from the old demon and put it in my locket. I also realized my clothes were toast and I was a naked marble chick. I touched the marble and changed it into a cotton shirt and shorts. It wasn't the best, as there was no elastic in the shorts, but I made them tight, hugging my hips so they wouldn't fall down. 

It had to be all cotton, I can't really do synthetics, or at least, it would take a whole lot more energy than I could afford. Keeping it to natural elements was always cheaper in energy usage. I was way too drained right now for that. 

Of course, I was now without a bra and my hard nipples were readily apparent, on display through the thin cotton shirt I was wearing. I smiled and winked at anyone that stared to long. I was a succubus after all. I didn't mind people looking in any way.

I was pretty low on energy, I said to Sam, "Sam, I am wiped after that, need to feed, can we do the interrogation tomorrow?"

He looked at me disgusted, which was the absolute last straw after I just kicked ass for him and his team. Putting my life in danger for the ungrateful jackass.

I said angrily, "You didn't mind what I was so much when my huge shape shifted tits wrapped around and fucked your cock! What the hell is your problem Sam? You always knew what I was. Are you really so arrogant that you thought you were some kind of exception to the rule you piece of shit? 

"And now you're up my ass about feeding? We are done. Tell your boss I won't work with you after tomorrow's interview. I can't depend on someone who holds me in such contempt to have my back."

I watched as his mouth dropped open and I just walked out disgusted with the whole thing. I knew I went too far, at least in the setting we were in. It wasn't exactly private. If only I was so adamant in defending me from me. 

I had discovered one thing, I didn't exactly hate myself, it was more of a resentment toward my succubus proclivities. I wish I could figure out how to not be that way, it was hamstringing my ability for both magic, and I think, to be truly happy.

I knew with the advanced Witch magic that guy wouldn't have had a chance at all. 

I wondered if that is the reason Witches don't do law enforcement at all. If the humans saw what we could really do they would shit a brick. Ironically we are the only ones who are also human. Not that Witches were all powerful, there was just very little advantage to be had over one. We had good defenses against almost everything, and a myriad of ways to make an enemy helpless and held.

A surprise attack with a sniper rifle might do it, if the Witch didn't have protections up. Any surprise attack really, that was deadly. Or lust for a succubus, from which there would be no defense at all for a witch. Except not being lustful that is. Of course, that last one wouldn't work on me, I could fight that off with my succubus half.

And of course, our greatest weakness was Elven magic. We were couldn't detect it, stop it, or effect it. A succubus wasn't much better against that threat either, outside of the aforementioned lust.

I sighed. Point being, even if I grew more powerful I needed to be careful. Any race or being is killable if they get cocky and make a mistake. Even by a normal human. But still, we would definitely freak out the humans more than we do already. I went home and changed from my all cotton wear. I threw on a tight pair of jeans, black boots and a cut off shirt. 

I went out to a club nearby my condo.

I was a little angry at myself. I shouldn't have let Sam get to me like that. I felt like I was the one that lost back there despite him being the speechless one. I walked straight in past the bouncers and found a table. A waitress came over and I ordered a rum and coke. Then I sent out lines of succubus power, searching for the lust, latching on and feeding a little from each one. 

It was a Saturday night so there were a ton of people here, it didn't take me longer than a few minutes to fill up both myself and my locket.

I sipped my drink slowly then ordered another. Normally I would run out because of the side effects. And I did have tingling nipples and an ache between my legs for a nice hard cock. But I was also annoyed at myself, Sam, and I missed Bonnie. I didn't think I would be opening my legs for the first person to accidentally bump into me while walking by.

"Mind if I sit?" I heard the low pleasant voice question.

I looked up to say no and my mouth froze. He was six feet tall, looked about eighteen, but with an Angel who knows what his real age was. He had gorgeous blue eyes that were twinkling down at me, reflecting the lights from the dance floor. He also had wheat colored blonde hair. All I could think was thank god he didn't bump into me, I might have had to eat my thoughts.

My mouth started back up saying, "Yes, have a seat."

He said, "Name is Tom, I work over at the healing center down the block. Thought I would try this club after work, but all I could see are humans, until I spied you on the way out."

I asked curiously, "Don't you like humans?"

He gave me a lopsided grin and said, "Other way around, I like humans just fine. Found out the hard way after dating a few that it isn't mutual."

I nodded slowly in agreement. Outside of Bonnie I thought the same thing. There are always exceptions, but for the most part, for them it would be the thrill of dating and getting sex from a succubus. Until they found out they had to share...

"I have noticed that as well, but I'm a slow learner. Dating a human named Bonnie right now. Police officer, great person. She knows about my enhanced needs, but it really hasn't been tested yet."

Why the hell am I telling him this? 

He just smiled and said, "Succubus?"

I nodded and said, "Of the strange variety, I don't do one night stands, I'm looking more for a multiple partnership."

I sensed a little lust off of him, but that was kind of normal. He was also very curious, maybe that's why I opened up a little, which isn't like me at all. Because he seemed actually interested in what I had to say, as opposed to wondering how long it would be until he gets me naked. 

He asked curiously, "Multiple partnership? How does that work?"

I told him about how it works, polyamory and all that. How I felt more comfortable with the idea of being in love with multiple people, then just screwing anyone that comes along.

He said half seriously, "That sounds kind of nice, you taking applications?"

I still wasn't getting the I'm only trying to get laid vibe, which was impressive. I wasn't arrogant, but I am a succubus. I know what that does to the people around me. So I flirted back with the handsome Angel.

I said with a coy smile, "Age? Name? Favorite color? Hobbies? Let's start with those, and maybe I'll consent to an interview."

He grinned and said, "23, Tom, Green, specifically the color of your stunningly beautiful eyes. I love being a healer, but you said hobbies, so let's go with dancing and talking to interesting people."

We continued to banter and flirt back and forth. I learned a few more things about him. He was one of the first babies born when the Angels got back the ability of physical conception. I was feeling no seductive intent behind the time we spent together to get me in bed, which perversely made him extremely attractive to me. 

It was obvious that he thought I was attractive and desirable, he was just a nice guy and not in a rush. Just enjoying the company. And he was so damn hot, but I was suppressing my succubus instincts and powers right now. How did he not have a girlfriend?

When I told him I needed to get going he asked for my number, which made me smile. I was hoping he would ask.

He winked and said, "I will be calling you soon for our second interview, otherwise known as a date."

I grinned and said, "Talk to you then."

Who was this guy? He didn't even seem disappointed he didn't get anywhere physical and he was happy just to get my number. Maybe his parents are evil, it didn't seem like someone that nice could fall into my lap like that. Although, I have been dating assholes for a lot of years, maybe my number just came up. Still, it felt a little too easy. 

I wondered if I was just too jaded to accept a good thing, something else to meditate on.

I made it two blocks away when my phone rang. I smiled when I saw it was Tom and answered it.

I said, "Hello?"

Tom said, "Hey Ashley, I need some advice."

I'll bite, "What about?"

Tom said in a faux serious voice, "I just got a number from an amazing woman, would it be too soon to call her on the same night?"

I snorted, "No way should you call, it would be outside the rules. It would make you look desperate. Don't do it is my advice, call her tomorrow though, you don't want to wait too long either."

Great, he has a cute sense of humor too.

Tom said, "Thanks, I'll make sure to call her tomorrow then."

I said with a smile in my voice, "Night Tom."

He said, "Night Ashley," and hung up.

Goofball, I chuckled and had a smile for the rest of the walk home.

Chapter 11

I managed to get in an hour of meditation, looking within myself. I found out that I was more screwed up than I thought I was. Apparently not only do I resent the succubus side, wanting me to go out and fuck all the time. Which made it impossible for me to have a one on one relationship.

There was also a part of me that resents my witch side, or human side. Because I did want to go out and get laid, have fun and feed. I craved it. My human need for love and a relationship is screwing it up. Not even letting me do it at all.

Okay, so no plans to change that, I would rather have the full range of a true multi-person relationship. So I knew how to compromise on the outside, how to get what would satisfy both sides of me. Loving relationships between multiple people would satisfy my disparate needs.

But now I had more issues to work through internally. I still had no idea how to drop the resentment I felt, apparently toward all my proclivities from both sides. I was so twisted inside and screwed up I started wondering why I had needed someone to point it out to me. 

I didn't feel like a miserable person and I was happy at times, perhaps that was why. My Witch powers could easily pick out a liar, but apparently not the one in the mirror.

I took a quick shower and went to the government building. I could have read him from home but was assuming they would want to be there for it and ask me questions. I walked in close to eight with my coffee and headed up to the sixth floor looking for someone familiar. This was only my second time in the building. Not seeing Sam I knocked on John's office door.

John said, "Come in Ash."

I said, "Good morning, I thought you would want me here when I read the old demon?"

John nodded slowly and said, "Sam told me what you said last night. Frankly I am surprised you are here at all."

I shrugged and said, "It's unlikely I will need to depend on Sam for backup in a government building. Plus I finish what I start. I just have no interest in working with him again on another case. From what I understood that wouldn't happen anyway, and I would be released back to the precinct after this capture."

John looked thoughtful and replied, "Take the conference room and get started, we will be in later to ask specific questions. But I expect a full report on whatever you find whether we ask about it or not."

I just nodded, as opposed to saying no shit, and went over to the conference room. I closed my eyes and dug into the spies mind. There was a lot of information, over seven millennia worth, so I dug through his mind for the basics. His name was Clint, and he wasn't from here, he was from the Demon dimension and here to gather Intel.

His main purpose was to figure out if we were a threat and access our strengths. They were very wary of the fact that everything changed, and we now had a treaty with the Angel dimension, their enemies. The main things he needed to find out was about our protections, and if we could block curses. Also, if he could manage it, find out if we had any plans to invade their dimension.

Clint also wasn't sure what his superiors would do with the information. He didn't know if they would attack if they sensed vulnerability. He was pretty sure though, that if he didn't return in two weeks, that they would take it as a bad sign of our intent. 

Demons were different that way, they wouldn't understand the human's need to hold on to a spy and not let him go. They would assume that meant we were planning something against them. Their method of government was fascinating to me. They were technically superior to us, but had a feudal type system of government. The stronger Demons ruled the weaker. 

Their world was split into provinces, all ruled by the one at the top. They did not have a world government or ruler though, just a meeting twice a year for all the province rulers to meet. According to what he knew that was more about dealing and backstabbing, making treaties and breaking them, than anything else. 

The good thing about that was if Clint's lord decided to attack us, that didn't necessarily mean we would be facing the might of their whole world. Although I could see he thought others would probably help, hoping to raise their standing in their world through conquest. 

He also knew he was one of many spies, so holding him wouldn't really be of benefit at all, not even restricting information from his lord. Not that it mattered, they already had tons of cursed bullets and would be invading with them, regardless knowing their effectiveness or not. 
