 Sorry about the long wait, needed a break...

Post 05 has chapters 13-18

Chapter 13

I woke up around six, we both needed to be up for work. I looked at his naked form, still asleep next to me and grinned. I crawled down the bed and took his flaccid member into my mouth, burying my nose into his abdomen. I didn't move at all, as I elongated my tongue and felt him harden in my mouth as I wrapped my tongue around him and sucked hard with my lips.

I loved the feeling of him growing in my mouth. He started to stir as his sensitive tip grew into my throat, which I used to start massaging and squeezing the tip. Still working his shaft with my tongue, milking him to his full length. He was definitely awake now, and looking down into my eyes.

I never moved my head the whole time I blew him until he filled my throat with his seed at my ministrations. I loved the intensity of it, as I locked eyes with him he delivered his cum strait down my throat. I could feel it coating my throat as his white, sticky and tasty cum dripped into my stomach.

When I was sure I had milked all he had to offer I released him from my mouth, "Good morning."

Tom pulled me into a brief but hot kiss and said, "Thanks to you it is. Good morning Ash."

I said, "I have to be at work soon, wasn't sure when you go in. Before I forget, I sent you Bonnie's number; you should give her a call in the next couple of days, set something up."

I could feel his doubt about having two girlfriends being okay.

I touched his chest and said softly, "It is the only way it can work with a succubus besides being indiscriminate, I don't want that. It must be equal, all three for the other two, otherwise the imbalance will destroy things. It will be complicated enough without a huge imbalance like that."

I shrugged not sure what else to say. He just nodded. I hope he could handle it, he seemed to be curious about it, and I already knew he liked me. Outside of the sex too.

He got dressed and kissed me goodbye. Letting him out the door I sighed. What a night. I couldn't wait to talk to Bonnie about it. I also wondered if I should fill her in on his proclivities in bed. It seemed more role play only to me, he had only treated me like a slut during the sex, no other times. Tom really didn't explain it that well to me. I had to put it together over the time we spent in bed.

I took a quick shower and got ready, it was still only six forty or so, I decided I better try the meditation crap. Yeah, probably should be more positive about it even.

I was sort of loving on my succubus side this morning, after last night. So I gave it a try, but didn't really figure out anything new. I had the feeling I was missing something but not what it was. I didn't think I'd be able to force it so I just let it sit in my mind and finished getting ready for work.

I also knew this thing with Tom and Bonnie is probably honey moon phase blindness and probably won't last long. But I just couldn't give up hope on it. They were both great in their own way. I just hoped they would get along with each other when they met. 

The way I was used to what life dealt me, I felt like I was putting my head in the sand, but so what? I might as well enjoy what I have while I got it. And if it works well... That would just be awesome.

I was getting ready to leave when I heard the doorbell, I reached out with my senses and it was Sam. What the hell could he possibly want?

I opened the door and he said, "Ashley Price, you are under arrest for violating national security per your non-disclosure agreements..."

I stopped listening as he went over my rights, what the hell was going on? I almost snorted when he put the cuffs on, but I held it in. If he didn't know they would only work on Demons and Angels I wasn't going to be the one to fill him in. The Witch community was very wary about giving normal humans a device that could be used against them.

Especially after all of the Witch hunts only a couple of short centuries ago... Seems like long ago, but most of the Witches from that time are still alive and kicking.

So I was following Sam in shock, surrounded by two other goons, when I realized where this must have come from.

"Mother, what did you do?" I sent with my mind.

She sent back, "Jezebel went to the president with an offer to talk to the Angel dimension about possible support. She didn't mention your name, just that she had information the demons are attacking. Implied it was through her own investigations. Either way you didn't really do anything, I did. Just go along, even though I know you can escape. Let us work it from this end.

"If you escape we will never get it worked out, and they will panic and come after Witches. This president is kind of a dick. He doesn't even have non-humans on his protection details. Apparently he was already aware of the possibility of invasion, and instead of asking for help he is covering it up. Says it is to prevent riots or some crap if Angels come over so he turned down her offer.

"He won't listen to reason at all, won't even open up contact with the demons. We got lucky with an open minded president for the turn over. This one... Well let's just say he doesn't like us very much. Just hang in there, I'll try to turn in some favors with the NSA but most of the people I knew there are retired, it may take some time. I love you, just watch your back."

I sighed, what a pain in the ass. Sam was still reading my rights, communication between Witches happens very quickly...

Sam said, "With these rights in mind, do you still wish to speak to me?"

I said, "Fuck you Sam. Can I contact work?"

The asshole actually smirked at me and said, "What job? You don't think the city would employ a traitor do you?"

I can't believe I ever cared for him, but even more I can't believe he thinks I'm a traitor. What the hell? I decided to take my mom's advice, if it was just me I might have kicked his ass, even knowing it would make it worse. But I wasn't about to put my sister Witches in crosshairs.

Now I don't even have a job? I could tell that he wasn't bluffing from the emotions I was getting off of him. I don't know what they told the police, but I sure as hell didn't have a job anymore. The mix of disgust and smugness I was feeling off of him was turning my stomach, so I cut it off. 

I almost felt sorry for him, he was pathetic. It was like he wanted to punish me because he hadn't been enough, asshole. It boggled my mind anyone could be so self delusional.

Well, now I know what I get for trying to give of myself, a kick in the teeth. 

The cuffs may not have blocked my witch abilities, and I could still sense the life and emotions around me. But despite that I still felt half blind. I had no demon senses at all. The echoes of lust I usually felt in the background were missing. I also couldn't feel any other supernatural signatures that were in my range.

I didn't try to reach out with my succubus powers at all, I knew it would fail and just freak me out more. Despite having more active senses than a Human does, I still felt blind. I considered breaking the spell and just leaving the cuffs on, but I was afraid to be found out, too much would be put at risk. I also realized something else, of all the places and circumstances to come to the realization.

I was in love with Bonnie. 

I couldn't reach her though; she was too far away despite my familiarity with her mind. I believed she wouldn't assume the worst, but that would be tough. I was sure she was surrounded by other cops right now nodding sagely. The Demon Witch finally showed her colors, or something stupid like that. Just a lot less politely stated.

We got to the Federal building and I was taken down to their lockup in the basement. It was clean if bare. The Demon we had taken down, Clint, was in the next cell, he didn't say anything though, just raising his brow at us. On his world what Sam was doing would be considered a betrayal that would end in a fight to the death. There were no jails or trials there. It was all rank and strength of power.

I said, "Lawyer," as he closed the cell in my face. The bastard just rolled his eyes at me and walked away. 

I was taking that to mean, despite reading my rights, I really didn't have any. This was homeland security after all, I was so screwed. I did have a community out there working for me, but obviously with this administration they were no longer favored. I took a seat and brooded.

Chapter 14

I growled. So far all my attempts at getting a lawyer or a visitor have failed. They haven't even talked to me yet at all, just letting me cool my heels. Neither Clint nor I initiated a conversation. For one I didn't really want to talk to him, for two I was sure the cells were monitored. I knew if I said hello they would point it out and call me a traitor. I was slowly losing my mind.

It felt like forever, but was probably just a day when I felt both Bonnie and Tom with my senses. They were both agitated, I could only assume they wanted to visit and were being told hell no. Despite not getting to see them it made me feel a little better. I considered sending the knowledge that I was okay, but I wasn't sure if she would give it away or not, by accident.

It was important they, the government, believed I was helpless in my cuffs, without power of any kind. I felt them leave after an hour or so, their minds moving out of my range. It was a little depressing, but I knew they couldn't really do anything.

Well, I had all this time for meditation now. I might as well do something. I sat and tried to clear my mind, I could feel the curiosity of Clint as he studied me. I blocked him out too, and all the other emotions I could feel in range in the building.

This time, I didn't stop when I reached my hate and resentment toward my split nature. Usually at this point I would just meditate on those feelings, try to figure out how to change them.

Instead, I went deeper into myself. What I had been doing so far hadn't worked. It was time to try something else. I went all the way down, to the core of my being, where I was one being, whole. I almost lost my concentration in surprise at what I found. I should have known better than to believe everything Cat said, she likes to lead a person to discovery, not hand out a map.

I could see it, where it split off from my core. The hate and resentment was not causing it, they were symptoms, just as much symptoms of the problem as my wild magic was. 

All symptoms of my fear. 

I was afraid, and as a result I was split in two, and I resented and hated parts of myself, because I feared them.

In hindsight it was almost obvious. I feared losing control of my succubus side and killing someone. I feared losing control and causing pain in others, by becoming the other woman, even if just for a night. I feared my power as a Witch, the ability to do unthinkable things. My family, through trying to help, had made it worse. 

All those horror stories Jezebel had told me about her hurting people reinforced my fear, made it reasonable. I did not blame her for her cautionary tales. I had just applied them in the worst possible way. Instead of being cautious and in control I had shied away from my power, feared it.

I didn't need to conquer my hate and resentment. If I took care of my fear, the rest would fade, eventually, simply by reinforcing more positive emotions until it clicked. Unfortunately that approach wouldn't work in an emotion still well grounded.

I started to meditate on that, it sounds simple in theory, but so not. I felt like I was back at square one, just having a new emotion to focus on that I had no idea how to control or counter. Not to mention my understanding of psychology was very limited, I was guessing on most of it.

I felt a slap and came up from my meditation trance. Sam was looking down at me impatiently. Asshole.

I said coldly, "What? I'm busy." Asshole.

He pulled me up and dragged me toward the door. I had to check myself, I truly wanted to hurt him and it took all my control to restrain myself. I followed him down the hall and entered an interview room. There was a polygraph and an examiner there. Sam sat me down and hooked me up, then left. I opened my senses to him, just for a moment, and felt him in the control room.

The polygraph would work. I could feel the Witch spells on it to make it work for other races correctly. I could bypass it, but wouldn't. I didn't need to.

I felt boredom from the examiner as he said, "Please tell the truth for the next three questions. Confine yourself to a yes or no answer please."

"Name is Ashley Price?"

I replied, "Yes"

"Race is Demon and Witch?"

I replied, "Yes."

He actually twitched and I felt curiosity at my answer, but it was back to boredom for the last question.

"Sex is male?"

I replied "No."

He then said, "Please answer falsely for the next three."

He asked me if I was six feet tall, had grey eyes and if I had brown hair. I answered yes for all three. I was managing to keep my wise ass replies to myself. I was hoping, probably foolishly, that they would let me go if the results came back negative. My pessimism completely failed me for some reason.

He said, "Please answer truthfully from now on."

He asked, "Did you divulge any top secret information to a third party?"

I answered, "No."

He asked me a number of other questions. Had I ever worked for another government, was I spying on the United States for an outside agency. They questions went on and on, all revolving around me either being a spy or a traitor. I answered no to all the questions and knew it would show I told the truth. When the session ended Sam came in and got the examiner. I was really starting to regret taking that initial hair.

And then being stupid enough to tell this bastard anything about what I found.

I opened my senses as they whispered together out in the hallway, I could feel his doubt in the results. This is why I hated prejudice so much. It leads people to make very stupid assumptions or decisions when all the facts point in another direction. I knew then Sam wouldn't be letting me go, not a chance. The only result he would have believed was the one that proved my guilt. 

Proving my innocence would be impossible in his eyes. Not when the facts were filtered through his hate, disgust and anger.

When he brought me back and put me in the cell, I had another concern that I hadn't really given thought to until now. How the hell was I supposed to feed in here?

--------------

The next six days I meditated on my fear. I wasn't sure it would work, but I did it anyway. I just kept telling my fear that I was strong enough. That I wouldn't give in. The fear was unnecessary, my very nature of wanting to protect and not harm would be sufficient. 

As the days went on I was getting weaker, I wasn't even sure I had enough life energy to escape anymore as I reached a full week on the inside. I had even stopped using my witch abilities to feel life and magic around me. The cost was negligent, but there was still a cost and I was fearfully low on life energy. 

They hadn't taken the cuffs off, so even if I wanted I couldn't spread out my power, looking for lust to skim a light meal from someone in the building. 

I started to meditate more and more, just so I wouldn't feel the hunger. I told the fear at the core of my being that I was a protector, not a danger. I only used my powers to stop people doing wrong, and even feeding I never did more than skim.

That night I fell asleep wondering if I would ever get out of here, I also wondered if I would die here, life energy drained and used up. I wondered if my mother would allow it, surely she was keeping tabs and knew how badly I was doing right now. Maybe Cat was holding her back, not willing to start a war between Witches and Humans if there was still a chance. 

Or maybe, my life wouldn't be worth it at all, and I would be sacrificed to keep my sisters safe. It really didn't feel like I had enough energy to last much longer.

Chapter 15

I woke up and I felt... Great. My body was full of life energy, not as full as I would be from feeding, but tons better. Which made no sense to me at all.

Earlier in my life when my succubus power had kicked in I had stopped getting energy from resting, which had been a surprise for everyone. My family had assumed I would be much like Jezebel, being both able to feed and regaining energy in the normal slow way during rest. For her, the Angel side, for me the Human and Witch.

But that hadn't happened.

I was curious so I started to meditate and look within, trying to figure out what happened. But to my shock, I saw that the fear in my core was less. I wasn't sure if it was the inner persuasion I had done all week, or just my survival instinct that kicked in to open the old channels. Since it was either that, or die. But it seemed this way to replenish energy had been fouled by my fear, the same as my other problems.

At least I didn't have to worry about dying in here, through energy starvation anyway.

There was more I discovered. I could tell without even trying, just by examining my mind, the primal natural forces would still be beyond my control. I still had progress to make ahead of me. I examined my powers and I found something new. Something I was so sure I did not have. I would have been able to use it, had it not been for the cuffs.

Cat had said I would be surprised by the power I found inside of me if I ever got myself straightened out. And she was right. I was so sure I didn't have it, despite my father having power in abundance. I was not as weak a demon as I had believed, but most of my strength was suppressed by that core fear. But now I could feel more of it, and I could feel my power over fire, freed and waiting for my call.

I giggled to myself, drawing a strange look from Clint. The isolation was getting to me, and I was so unprepared for this newest development I felt like I was going to burst. I needed to get out of here soon or I might lose it. The joy of not dying and the revelation of new power had me overwhelmed.

Of course, the new fire ability would pale beside the primal Witch abilities if I claimed those in the future. The fire would come in handy no doubt until then, but after it would be mostly useful outside of fighting.

I also thought it ironic that it took betrayal and being locked away for me to start seeing my true potential.

--------------

Over the next week I could see the time was taking its toll on Clint. He looked like he was getting weaker, but there was nothing to do for him and I wasn't sure I would be inclined to do anything even if there was. He was very powerful which is probably why he has lasted so long to begin with. I wondered if Homeland knew he would die soon, or if they cared.

The day Clint was supposed to go back and report passed. No one else came to see me, or him, except to take us to the showers separately or bring us food. 

I continued to work away on my fear, some days over the past week I felt I was making progress, some though, I felt like I was just screaming into the wind.

I was sure if I was pure Witch or Demon I wouldn't be having this problem. But somehow for me my powers were tied closely together between the two, and heavily involved or dependent on my emotional perception of them. The easiest comparison I could think of was in most beings, powers were autonomous, they were just there to be used. 

Not so for me. 

For me they required balance between my powers and my mind and emotions. I had never thought of myself as a freak or one of a kind. After all, my Aunt was half Angel and half Demon. For me growing up it was normal to be a hybrid. But I was starting to change that opinion as I was frustrated by my continuing efforts.
