 Sorry for the long break, lost the bug for a while there, here are the next three chapters, 19-21.

Chapter 19

I had a pleasant surprise when I woke up. I checked my email and I had a note from the Chief. Wanted me to come in and talk to him about an offer. I took a shower and got ready, wearing those conservative clothes that I hated but was sure he would appreciate. I got there about nine.

I started to wonder what the rumor was that went around, because I was being glared at by everyone. I sighed, realizing that small amount of progress I made was gone. There were no smiles or waves mixed in with the hate. I really wanted to Kill Sam. I bet I could get away with it too. Maybe.

Damn. Well this is the work I wanted to do, so screw everyone else. Of course, I wasn't even sure why I was here yet, so I stopped counting chickens. For all I knew his offer was for janitorial. I headed up to the top floor and tracked down the Chief of Police. I had to wait about twenty minutes before he could see me.

The chief said, "Ashley, sit please."

I sat down; the chief looked pensive so I just waited.

He said, "Look Ashley, for what it's worth I am sorry, according to your file you were a good officer, and I am pissed someone got a bee in their bonnet and caused me to lose you. I can't hire you back as a police officer, but I think I can use you as a consultant. Especially the way you can track things down for us. 

"It would mainly be for missing persons, or tracking a suspect. Perhaps even identification if normal analysis fails us. So that is my offer, be a consultant and every case you work you get a flat fee of one thousand dollars. I know it's not much but..." 

It wasn't much, not to live in Manhattan in 2036, but I already had money, family money. I was more interested in helping, if it was about the cash I wouldn't have become a cop in the first place. It seemed I still wanted to help, despite the repeated kicks to the teeth for it, because I said...

"Sounds good, will I be dealing with anyone specific or will it change case to case? Also, I would like to be involved in the take downs, or recoveries as the case may be. I understand I wouldn't be paid more for it, I just hate leaving a job half done."

He said, "Probably case to case, especially since I expect multiple departments to want to use your services. And yes, I don't think they would begrudge the extra fire power. Any other questions?"

He was polite, but very obviously a busy man. I really didn't have anything else I needed to ask so I said thank you and got out of there before I wore out my welcome.

--

When I got back home I decided I needed to meditate, I hadn't done so since I danced last night and needed to see if it made a difference. I noticed almost immediately that the fear messing me up was less. At this point I was sure it was taking action to dismiss my fear that was helping, not the self pep talks. 

Although I spent time praising my succubus side anyway, I couldn't be sure it wasn't helping, plus it would help break my habit of calling my inner succubus a slut. I was sure that came into play somehow. I also kind of liked my inner succubus now. She still needed to be controlled, no doubt of that, but I didn't need negative emotions, fear or anger, to do it. I was confident of that.

I also considered dancing. Now that I wasn't afraid of it, I didn't think doing it again would help me clear up my remaining issues. I needed to find what the rest of the fear was and act on it to free my primal Witch abilities any further. I also knew I would dance again anyway. I had a blast last night. I wouldn't do it every night, but every once in a while...

I grinned, thinking if I did it every night I would wind up killing Tom and Bonnie via sex. Last night was incredible, if a little over the top. 

I went back to my meditation, looking for what else I was afraid of. I had danced. Fed and stayed in the club without opening my legs. I had a breakthrough in the jail. But I couldn't think of what else I truly feared, what made up the rest of it? I shrugged, I would have to work on it.

I felt a portal open in the kitchen so went that way. It was Cat again, I wondered if she was going to give me another kick in the right direction, without saying anything helpful. She had an eyebrow raised at me, she must have been reading my mind.

Cat said, "And if I had told you it was your fear, and you should go dance on stage and hang out at a club after feeding, you would have jumped up and did it?"

I opened my mouth to say yes, then closed it instead. She was right. Without the meditation and coming to the conclusion myself, I would have been too afraid to do it at all.

I asked, "Tea?" I knew she didn't like coffee or alcohol, plus it wasn't even lunchtime yet.

She nodded so I checked, and didn't have tea. I sighed and boiled some water. She raised an eyebrow at me as I transmuted the water to tea.

I shrugged, smiled impudently and said, "I ran out..."

We sat and chatted for a while. I asked her advice about the President and him sending a lackey to recruit me for his current mess. Of course, she deflected and asked me what I thought...

I said, "If we let it play out it could backfire, some will figure out the truth, but a lot won't like it. And some more still will say it was our plan, to get rid of a president that doesn't like us. I don't know, I hate them, but letting them hang out to dry, their fault or not, seems like a bad idea."

She nodded. "I worry too, civilization may have advanced but humans are still humans. The hate what they fear and they fear what is different. When we came out we had a good president I felt I could trust, but now? And no, I think you are right, if no one helps it will hurt us. Especially if they win anyway."

Cat said, "I have some questions I want you to meditate on, do not ask me why. Like before I could tell you what the rest of your issues are, but you wouldn't believe it, not enough to make a difference."

I just nodded, promising to keep my peace. I had no idea how hard that was about to be.

Cat said, "What would happen, if you put out a building fire, and there were twenty people on the roof, and it started caving in."

Well that was easy to figure out. They would die...

Cat said, "What would happen if a kid fell off a twenty story building right in front of you?"

I was confused, not sure at all where this was going. Why did she want me to meditate on a boy dying right in front of me?

Cat said, "What would happen if you found out Bonnie would die in two minutes if you couldn't get to her in time, across town?"

A surge of anger entered me when she said that, I didn't understand why she would want me to meditate on that. Even the thought held pain for me. I held my tongue, but I am sure she felt my response.

She stood up and calmly said, "Thanks for the tea," a portal appeared and she stepped through.

What the hell?

Chapter 20

I woke up in a bad mood. I had spent most of yesterday thinking about those questions while trying not to, and I really wasn't looking forward to meditating on them. I was definitely avoiding it. Also, neither Tom nor Bonnie were able to stay the night last night, not that one night without sex was a big deal, even for a succubus, but I missed them.

My phone went off, text message. Seems I had a job today. I jumped in the shower and got dressed, wearing the boring clothes. I supposed I could show up in some tight jeans and a sexy shirt, but it just didn't feel professional. At least, that is what I kept telling myself. I was supposed to report to detective Daniels, over in missing persons. I went over to the police station and filled out the paperwork.

Daniels didn't look all that happy, but it wasn't directed at me, it was directed at all the shitty people he dealt with that actually hurt kids. No doubt a special place in hell was being prepared for the lot of them and I would be happy to help Daniels send them there. 

I said, "Hi Daniels, call me Price or Ash, doesn't make a difference to me."

He grunted and said, "Tim works for me. We are dealing with a pretty normal kidnapping, Captain said he was told you could help. What do you need?"

I said, "Can we go to the house, I just need something of the child's, or better yet a hair or something."

He nodded and we went. I could tell he was curious, must be since the Chief hired me. I wondered if that in itself would do some damage control, it seemed like it was. But my inner pessimist thought that was too easy, after all I didn't have to suffer, or even do anything to make it happen. 

Still I was pretty excited I was back on the job, then we pulled up to the house and I remembered why I was back. Some kid was missing, not something to get excited over. We went inside, the house was full of FBI and the parents. 

They looked at me dubiously, due to the aforementioned cute and sexy label, and asked what was going on. I went ahead and let Tim explain why I was here to help assuage doubts then asked for what I needed.

I asked, "Can I see her room, or a hairbrush, something with her DNA on it?"

They brought me back to her room and handed me a brush. I looked for a hair with the roots attached and touched it. I immediately felt relief when I connected. Perhaps I hadn't consciously thought it but I guess I had been concerned she might not be alive. I could already tell what direction she was in, and about how far, I also had the face of the one who kidnapped her.

The girl had no idea who it was, so I decided to ask the parents.

I asked, "Would it be okay if I put a picture into your mind? I want to see if you know the person."

They nodded dubiously and I sent the knowledge to their minds. Transferring knowledge for a Witch wasn't exactly like when we speak mind to mind. It was like sending every part of a conversation, or a message, a picture, or even a film, all at the same time. I watched their faces as their minds took apart and organized the knowledge and saw the blood drain out of the wife's face.

She said, "That is my brother, I haven't seen him in years, why would he do this?"

Tim said, "Not sure ma'am, but family members are the most common kidnappers, we will go get your daughter, just stay here."

They looked angry at that, but didn't argue.

The FBI agent in charge of the investigation insisted we take one of his agents with us, just in case my lead panned out. I decided not to be insulted, after all I was the only Witch to work for law enforcement. They wouldn't know my capabilities. Honestly they were kind of treating me skeptically, like I was a psychic or something trying to run a scam.

It was kind of ridiculous, considering how long the supernatural has been fact across the world. So we had a guy with a suit, sunglasses and no sense of humor in the backseat. The drive wasn't far, I had the directions and could have led us there the hard way, but Tim called it in and we got an address for the uncle. 

I knew it was the right place, as we got closer I could feel exactly where she was. We pulled up and got out. 

Tim knocked on the door and shouted, "Police, open up!"

I was expecting to hear a voice call back asking for a warrant, or proof of ID. Nope... I should have known it wouldn't be that easy. I really had to talk to my inner pessimist, it was falling down on the job.

The girl's uncle called out, "You need to stay away, or I'll kill her. I got me a gun in here!"

Just freaking great. What the hell. I had the hair, and that was enough. It would have been easier if I could actually touch her, but I had a piece of her. I reached through it to her and wove a protective bullet charm around her body. It would only last about forty eight hours, the spells are only permanent in jewels or metal with other additions. 

But good enough in a pinch.

I said in a low voice, "I made the girl bulletproof, but if he shoots we need to move fast, before he can think up the alternatives. It won't save her from a snapped neck, a knife, or even him using the gun as a bludgeon."

To my relief they both nodded, taking this information at face value.

Tim said, "You need to come out, leave the girl unharmed. Right now you're looking at getting some help, if you hurt that girl you are done."

I watched Tim work as he talked down the girl's uncle, and I was impressed. I would have been kicking the door down, looking to kick the guys ass. Somehow Tim made the guy think they were besties or something. He made it sound like they would go and talk it out over a couple of beers. I was very impressed. It took a half hour, but the guy came out with his hands up. 

The bastard looked surprised when they grabbed him and put him in cuffs, like he was shocked they weren't going for that beer. We had a black and white come by to pick up the uncle while we headed into to the house to get the girl. Luckily he hadn't really abused her, outside of being separated from her parents that is.

It was a really good feeling watching them be united again. I slipped out after a moment, seeing it was enough. I didn't want to interrupt their joy for something as petty as a pat on my own back.

When I got home it was only about one in the afternoon, I caught Tom in the kitchen wolfing down some food.

Tom said, "Hey, thought you would be here. Should have called first I guess. Just here on lunch, have to be back at the clinic in an hour."

I kissed him hello and just spent some time with him. Told him about my new job and the good day I was having. I listened as he told me about the clinic and all he does, he already looked tired. It sounded to me like he was overworked. I asked him about it and started to get angry at his answer.

He said, "Well, as you know when we came out to the world all the Angels emptied the hospitals? Well that was a onetime thing, you know, the next day they were all back at their normal jobs. The ones that heal on a day to day basis, well, we need to be paid. The government offered to take up the tab. So of course, a strict budget. There are only five of us here for all of Manhattan.

"Usually it's not such a big deal, a cold or flu hardly takes any energy to heal, I can get through a hundred of those in minutes without breaking a sweat. But when a lot of broken bones come in, it can get tiring."

For a pessimist why does shit like that always surprise me? The city goes from losing millions in investing in hospitals, and when it changes to a clinic with a staff of Angels, all the sudden they are low on money? Why am I surprised by that? It is so damn typical of things.

I was feeling pretty flush with energy still, so before he left I pulled him into a long sensuous kiss, and fed him a big chunk of my energy. Maybe it would make his day go better.

He was surprised for a second, not knowing that as a succubus I could give as well as take, but thanked me, saying it would help. He pulled me into a hungry kiss and then told me he had fifteen minutes left before he had to be back. I think I was bent over the table and waving my ass in invitation before he finished talking...

--

I finally gave in to what I didn't want to do.

I meditated on those questions Cat asked me. It sucked. It made me angry, and the thought of losing Bonnie made me afraid. Weren't these the emotions I was supposed to get rid of? Why would she ask me questions that fanned those emotions within me? I was at a loss. Yet, I trusted her enough to try it, but didn't get much of anywhere with it at all, not being able to help but focus on the negative.

They would all be dead in those three scenarios. What was the point of that?

I took a walk to clear my head of it, and to feed. I just walked slowly by a triple X theatre, skimming from about twenty people filled me up from what I gave Tom and the energy I had used to find and protect the girl. I headed back home, checked my mail. I was bored again. I gave some thought to maybe getting that private detective license. I could just turn down all the cheating wives and husband cases. 

Maybe specialize in missing persons, after today I knew I would be happy doing that. I would hold off for a while though, it had been a few days, just a few more should bring uncle Sam to my door. I sighed, still not sure what I would do. What I wanted to do was easy, screw them, and not in a good way. I just had a bad feeling that would be what they wanted.

I smiled when I felt Bonnie coming up the elevator. I didn't know she was coming today. We all still had our own place, and I wasn't sure when or if that should change or for how long. We had only been together for three and a half weeks, and two of those I was in prison. All I knew was I loved her, and I cared for Tom as well and was probably on my way there for him as well.

She smiled shyly when I let her in and said, "Hey Ash, when you were gone we kind of spent a lot of time here, and didn't stop, or even talk about it when you got back. Do you mind if I stay with you tonight?"

I gave her a kiss, then held her in my arms a minute, taking in her scent and presence. It was the first time I felt fully relaxed since Cat's visit.

I said, "You don't have to ask, you can stay here whenever you want."

She gave me one of those rare bright smiles. The one that felt to me like the sun was coming up.

We had dinner together and just talked. Getting to know each other even better, building our relationship outside of sex was important to both of us. I still didn't see any negatives in Bonnie, and my inner pessimist was making fun of me, I must be smitten.

Well, we just talked, until it was time for bed...

Chapter 21

Well I was bored again. I was realizing that while working as a consultant was better than nothing I was not good at waiting. I needed something steady, as opposed to hitting refresh on my tablet every ten minutes and wondering why I didn't have a second case yet.

I thought of trying some more meditation on those questions, but the idea was depressing. I put it off, trying to work out the reason why Cat would want to torture me like that. There had to be a reason, but it was beyond me. I let it go to the back of my head, let my subconscious work on it for a while. I was tired of thinking about it.

Of course that didn't really work, I was at loose ends and the questions kept popping back up in my head. I considered going to Tony's, I knew some dancing would cheer me up, I had so much fun doing it, not to mention the mind blowing sex with Bonnie and Tom afterwards. 

I cleaned up the house and checked the kitchen. It was time for a shopping run as well so I burned off some of the morning doing that. I even remembered to pick up a variety tea pack if my torturer decided to visit again anytime soon. It was a little after lunch when the phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Hey Ash, Tom here. Just calling to say I can't be there again tonight. There was a major pile up and right now it's taking all of our remaining energy to slowly nurse everyone to keep them alive. We will get them healed eventually, but its slow going."

Damn cheap ass city, now they are messing with my love life...

Well I didn't have much to do...

I asked, "What if you have enough energy?"

He said, "There are over fifty people here, thirty of them with broken bones, I don't think you can give me that much energy."

I said, "By myself, probably not. I'll see you later."

I knew it wasn't really my problem, but I also knew if one of those people died it would kill Tom. And while it might bring change and finally get them more help, it would be a really bad trade off.

Now how the hell would I get enough energy? My smile widened, it was kind of a crazy plan, I wasn't even sure if it was legal. But what the hell. I gathered some rocks outside and transmuted them to diamonds, I had five of them. I set some spells that would feed any energy stored in them to an angel that held them. Then I went to the triple X theatre. After putting on my very slutty outfit and growing my D cups that is.
