 Yes I know, I'm a total slacker. Next three chapters, hope you enjoy them.

Chapter 22

I woke up with a huge smile and stretched, enjoying the feel of the sheets against my naked and sore body. Bonnie and I had still been going at it when Tom got here and joined us. My body was thoroughly sated, the Angel had stamina.

I took a long hot shower and got dressed. I was in such a good mood I decided to tackle meditation again.

Which was stupid, I should have stayed happy for while instead. Instead I focused on all my loved ones dying over and over. Is figuring this out actually worth all this?

By the time I was done the glow was gone and I was convinced that Cat was the devil and witches should be burned at the stake. Well, some of them anyway. Okay, just one, and her name is Cat. It took me a while to convince myself Bonnie was fine, and all those other people dying didn't really happen. I had been so far under it had felt real. That's when my pager went off, I smiled despite the seriousness of the situation, it would be a good distraction right now.

Apparently some crazy ass Angel escaped from prison. He had power too. Just great, an arsonist that could generate fire... gas and matches purely optional. 

I headed over to the prison. Turns out I was working with a federal marshal who went through my chief. I was still a little out of sorts from the meditation, plus being in a prison, plus working with a federal agent. Feds were assholes. Most of them anyway. Well let's just say I was a little nervous about things.

Marshall Sara Lindley however, was a short cute blonde. That helped me a bit, she looked more like a cheerleader than a federal agent. Her voice was high pitched, and I could hear her uncertainty.

"I'm agent Lindley, let me take you to his cell. You need something of his right? To... Umm, tune in or something?"

She sounded as uncomfortable as I felt, which perversely made me feel a little better. I nodded and said, "Exactly right, just take me to his cell."

She said, "There is a slight issue..." Shaking her head she continued, "It's easier just to show you."

We walked back to the cell, other inmates shouting suggestions to us. Most women would feel uncomfortable by this, I could see Sara ignoring it, or trying to. Being I was a succubus as well as a witch I felt both uncomfortable and powerful. Actually only a little uncomfortable, after my performance at the theatre this was nothing. Plus, it was a good snack as I skimmed the lust they were sending our way. Sara was quite cute as well so we were getting some attention.

I saw what the issue was right off. The cell walls were charred and nothing but the metal frame of the bed survived the fire. That would be a slight issue, as I needed something of his to track him. Well, he is an arsonist...

I shouldn't be surprised. Why do these things surprise me then? My inner pessimist was definitely broke. I so should have seen this coming, but then, I was a witch and this would only slow me down. 

I embraced my power and sifted through the ashes under the bed frame with my mind. I could not do anything with most of it, fabrics that were not natural were beyond my power. But the sheets and mattress were partially made of cotton, and that I could restore.

He was definitely connected to it, even without DNA when I picked up a piece of the newly constituted cotton I could feel what direction he was in, and a vague idea of distance. He did after all, sleep on it for a long time, that leaves its mark.

I had a direction and he definitely was not in Manhattan anymore.

I turned to Sara and said in a faux horrified voice, "Oh crap, New Jersey..."

I could tell I made her very nervous at that point, the joke fell flat and she was silent for most of the drive. It was bizarre, what self respecting New Yorker doesn't enjoy a cheap shot at Jersey? We took the GW over and I led her in the right direction. 

The atmosphere was tense, and it was not helping me get over my earlier meditation, in fact, it was kind of snow balling the feelings of anger and fear in my mind. I couldn't help it. By the time we were close I was really on the edge.

Plus, I had a feeling I was about to get in my first real fire fight since gaining that ability. I had some confidence after my training with Tony but I was still nervous about it. There were a lot of flammable things around, for example, wood, houses, the state of New Jersey...

We pulled up in front of the house I could feel he was in, I turned to Sara.

"So... Backup?"

Right when she opened her mouth to answer I heard a man scream from inside the house, along with a surge of power. I also felt horror and fear from three females, two of them children. I cut off my emotion sensing as Sara called it in, external feelings would be a distraction at this point. 

We both jumped out of the car and moved toward the house, Sara pulling her gun on the way across the lawn. Neither of us wanted to wait for him to burn, or even kill, another member of this family.

When we walked in I saw the Angel holding a fist full of fire. I smelled burnt flesh and I saw a line of fire heading for the children's mother.

I snapped. The meditation, anger at Cat, Sara treating me like a leper, and this insane asshole running around burning people plus my own insecurities and fears revolving around my power. It all added up to a perfect storm of crazy on my part.

My Witch abilities rose up alongside my demonic ones. Everything came into focus and time slowed, even to the point of stillness in my rage. I raised a fire shield between the Angel and rest of this family. I didn't bother with one for me, he wouldn't have time to redirect his attack. I moved forward fast and assaulted him with my fists, my focus and witch's power so strong he didn't have time to blink much less block or dodge my attack.

As I pummeled him I guess I blacked out. For a few seconds, subjectively for it all happened in less than a moment, I had no idea what I was doing.

I came to my sense shortly after, still pummeling the Angel's face. He was knocked out and his breath was raspy, his face puffy and bloody. I gasped and leapt up, regaining control of my senses and power. Sara was still by the door, my shield was still absorbing his last fire strike. I let go of my witch's power, I had never gone that deep, not even when casting. I was shocked at how quick I had become.

I also felt guilt, and shame. Not because the Angel didn't deserve an ass kicking, but because I had lost control while handing it out. When my shield fully absorbed the attack I release my fire powers as well. 

Behind me Sara said, "Federal agent, you're safe."

She looked at him, then at me with shock in her eyes as her brain caught up to what happened. I imagined one minute she saw him attacking, then the very next beat to a pulp. I ignored her as best I could, feeling uncomfortable. I knew she was just nervous about my abilities and power, she had no idea I lost control, and I sure wasn't going to tell her. I turned over the Angel and cuffed him to suppress his power. 

He was still breathing, and I sighed with relief. It had been a long day, and I just wanted to go home. I stayed with the family though, until the police showed up to take over and take away our fugitive. Sara drove us back into the city, it was tense. Almost like we were best friends on the drive out in comparison. I made my way home from the Federal building, not even bothering to bitch about her not giving me a ride to my home. I needed to get a handle on things so that doesn't happen again, but not tonight.

Tonight it was all I could do to get through my normal routine.





Chapter 23

When I woke up the next morning I felt a little better. I also had a new plan. Meditating on those questions just wasn't helping. In fact, it seemed to be hurting with little to no benefit at all. So the idea just came to me, next time I meditate it will be on the emotions I felt while meditating on the questions. Just focus on the emotions themselves. This was a familiar tack to me and just felt right.

But not right now. I still felt raw inside from yesterday. I shuddered at the thought I could have easily killed that crazy ass Angel yesterday if I hadn't come to my senses. No one could have stopped me, as it all happened in a blink of an eye to an outside observer.

I checked my pager, no job today. I made some tea and sipped it as I thought about yesterday. Not the feelings, but what happened. When a Witch casts a spell or holds her power time only seems to slow. What actually happens is the brain speeds up and expands, so does the body. It just seems like time slows. Yesterday it didn't just slow, it was almost at a standstill.

I was wondering how to accomplish that without snapping and losing my mind. I wasn't able to recreate it though. It did feel like time was slowing more than it used to for me, but nothing close to what I achieved yesterday. I had a feeling it had something to do with my demon and witch magic rising together, but I couldn't do it again. If I tried to raise them together and join them, it just fizzled, like I was mixing oil and water.

I felt a portal open and I smiled when I felt whose it was. It was my mother this time. Despite our disagreement on my career path, I was really happy to see her. Plus, she wasn't on my witches to be burned at the stake list. Just Cat. Have I mentioned yet that Cat should be burned at the stake?

"Hi mom," I said as I moved in to give her a hug.

She hugged me back and smiled. "I hear you were dancing the other day?" She raised her eyebrow.

It was a little embarrassing since she had been telling me to do it for years. I was glad I was over that fear, on the other hand that meant mom was right... again.

I replied, "Tony told you?"

When she nodded I said, "Would you believe that pervert wants us to do a set together, since we look like twins minus the height difference? At least after I increase my breast size that is."

My mother gave me a mischievous grin that seemed to translate to a positive, as if she thought it a good idea as well. I refused to believe it however to maintain my tenuous hold on sanity.

Sandy said, "I've been keeping an eye on you, and despite my advice to the contrary I know you are considering saying yes when they come to you. For the greater good."

Sandy snorts at the idea and pulls out a small Ziploc bag that had a hair in it.

She handed it over and said cautioning me, "Before you decide one way or the other, you need to take that hair and take a long look. I hoped my word would be enough, but if you do decide to help, you should go into it with your eyes open. We do have our reasons dear, can you imagine Aunt Jezebel or I not helping? It's what we do, there is more to this situation then you know. It is a damned if you do, damned if you don't kind of thing.

"To be honest, I am not sure which way is worse. I just worry for you. Now tell me about this Tom and Bonnie."

I could tell she was excited for me and we moved over to the couch and sat and talked about my lovers and relationships in general. We avoided all the topics we usually argued about and I really enjoyed the time spent with my mother for the first time in a long while. I was actually sorry to see her leave a few hours later.

After she left I still didn't want to meditate and I still was off balance from yesterday. I decided I should go dance to clear my head and relax. Bonnie and Tom wouldn't be here until late and I was tired of sitting around. I got dressed and made it out the door when it hit me.

Go dancing to clear my mind?

When did the thing I had feared become a source of strength and comfort? When I considered my inner succubus I smiled. There was respect, I knew I had to retain control or I could cause damage to people and their relationships. But there was no fear or hate in my heart.

I got in a couple of sets, and I was horny as hell. But as I walked home I had no fear that I would be unable to refuse an advance. The idea of my inner succubus forcing me to fuck a complete stranger seemed absurd to me. A complete departure of how I would have felt less than a month ago.

Of course, I knew a part of that was I had lovers at home; there was no desperation in it. I suppose the real test would come if I was ever alone again.

I was in no hurry to find out however, and hoped I never would.

When I got up the stairs and into the apartment, Tom was home, sitting on the couch in boxers and a skin tight t-shirt. I didn't even say hello, I just dropped to my knees and fished his cock out. I looked up in his eyes as I took him in my mouth. He looked down at me in shock for a moment, just a moment. Then he fell into his favorite role play.

Tom demanded, "That's right slut, suck me."

My body shivered and if possible my center got even wetter than it already was. The words were part of it, but I could feel his lust surge as he looked down at me. And maybe even more important I could feel the depth of his love that lived behind the harsh demeaning words.

It made playing his submissive little slut strangely intimate and fulfilling. It was also cathartic, there were no doubts here, no fear or anger, no confusion. Just pleasure, life, and joy.

I moaned in approval as he grew in my mouth, filling it. I heard him grunt in pleasure as my throat vibrated against the tip, as he grew to full length I relaxed the right muscles and his cock popped into my throat as if it belonged there. I hummed, massaging his tip with my throat as I massaged his length and balls with my tongue. My eyes never broke away from his for a moment.

They were telling him I was where I wanted to be. Where I needed to be. Where I loved to be.

He didn't last long as I milked his cock with my throat, lips, and tongue, never moving my head away, nose buried in his flesh.

Tom gasped, "That's it baby, suck it out, here it comes!"

He grabbed my hair and pulled my face harder against him as he arched his back and pushed up. I started swallowing as he emptied into my throat. His orgasmic pleasure hitting me, the taste of him filling my throat, and the rush of energy all together overwhelmingly pushed me over. My scream of bliss was gagged by his manhood as my body shook in blessed release.

He released me, but I still did not move, I milked him softly with my tongue and throat until I had all he could give. I almost lovingly cleaned him with my tongue then smiled in deep satisfaction. If only everything in my life could be so perfect...

"Hi there, have a good day?"

He grinned, "Much better now actually."

He pulled me up onto his lap and we talked for a bit. He teased my body with his fingertips for a while as he recovered. I could have helped with that, but I was enjoying our intimacy too much to rush things along. The building anticipation didn't hurt either. I knew he would take me when he was ready to go again...





Chapter 24

The house was quiet, and I knew I was running out of time to decide. If my mother's information was correct they would be coming to me for help soon. It had been a week now since my jail time, I couldn't put it off any longer so I got out the hair my mother gave me.

What I found was a disturbing hatred toward the other races. If I helped or not, succeeded or not, the situation would be twisted and used against us. And by us I mean all Angels, Demons and Witches. Even more disturbing is the hair belonged to the president. He was a bigot, and a dangerous one.

The bastards long range plans were clear, kill us, or run us out of the country. I would like to say he was insane, but other than an irrational hatred and prejudice against non-humans, his mind seemed rather normal. 

I believe they want me to stay out of it. If I say no, and the president lives, they would then play it off that we didn't help at all. If I chose to help, they would twist the facts anyway, make it look like our fault. Too little, too late.

I could say no, hoping he would die, then move in and save his replacement. Assuming of course that I could, my inner pessimist stood up and told me I might die in the fight, then I wouldn't have to worry about it at all. I had a feeling this is the route Jezebel and Sandy want to take. Really, it's almost our only chance; the vice-president is not one of them. The president's thoughts made that clear.

But... What a gamble that would be. It would also make it easier for him to move against us, if he prevailed. Granted, Demons are tough, but the US military isn't anything to sneeze at either. So far things have been kept to a minimum on the arms used in the conflict in DC. I could tell it was part fear of the Demons escalating with greater technology, and partly not wanting to blow up his city.

I still wasn't sure what to do as I weighed the decision back and forth. Helping seemed to minimize the risk, but wouldn't really help either. Not helping seemed an all or nothing gamble, I didn't think that a good idea.

My mind was going in circles so I put away the president's hair, idly wondering how the hell my mom got a hold of it. I could focus on something else for a while. I had put off meditating enough. After grabbing lunch I looked within.

I examined my emotions and as expected I found fear and anger. It seemed an endless cycle of it, sometimes I wondered if I should even be? I don't mean in a suicidal way, I mean philosophically. 

What did it mean exactly that my magic couldn't find a balance on its own? Was being a demon witch truly so unnatural? Growling at my pity party I started over, clearing my mind of everything except the emotions I felt while imagining their deaths.

Again, the fear and anger were clear, but, deeper there was more. Another emotion twined between the anger and fear.

Guilt. Shame. Why guilt though, that made no sense to me at all. After spending some time on it I realized it was tied up with the rest of the fear interfering with my magic, bringing my core out of balance. Confused, I considered why all those people dying, why would I feel guilt and shame, how could it be my fault?

Then it hit me, the painfully obvious answer. I felt shame because if I wasn't such a freak, I could use my powers correctly, and save every single one of them in those situations. None of them had to die, if I could open a portal to get across town, or control gravity to catch those that were falling.

So what did that mean? The last of my fear was actually a fear of my powers? What they could do? Was I afraid I would abuse them? Of what I could become? I thought I was a good person, mostly. Was I worried that would change if I could use all my power?

How the hell can I fix that? Perhaps be more afraid of the lives I can't save without them, of the deaths that happen that I cannot prevent? Was that why Cat made me meditate on them? To make me fear the possibility so much it freed my power? I needed to let this sit in my mind for a while, I didn't know where to go from here. It was all just too much.

Then I did what all women do when times got tough and no answers were in sight.

I went shopping, and I did it with mom's credit card. I might have gone a bit overboard. I picked up some clothes that I could work in, but I also decided to expand my selection of trashy clothes. I was now enjoying the dancing, which still floored me at times, and I needed more than one outfit. I knew I had plenty of tight jeans and comfortable shirts, but I couldn't help myself and got some of those as well.

By the time I was finished I was actually feeling better. I was walking down the street, hands full with the bags when I heard, "That's her I tell you, the succubus from the movie theatre! I know her tits are smaller but they can do that, look at her face!"
