 Chapter 25

The city was falling apart. The demons had killed the president and declared the land theirs by right of combat. The Feds had turned on the supernatural races that had improved their lives over the last twenty years, out of fear, and hate. But most of all, out of envy. None of that mattered though I thought as I sobbed. It was all nothing next to the glassy dead eyes of Bonnie and Tom.

I hadn't been able to protect them. I failed.

I bowed my head in grief, then Bonnie's voice hit me like a hammer.

"Come look at this, it's getting worse."

I couldn't stand so I crawled to the window, outside there were riots going on, and many held signs demanding the Angels and Demons get out of the U.S.. It was ugly. I looked up at Bonnie in confusion, she was dead wasn't she?

Then I heard the door burst open and the Feds run in shooting. I remembered now, this is how they die. I brought up my power to shield us from the bullets, but, it went wrong. The bullets changed their flight, missing me, but I couldn't protect Tom and Bonnie. I heard the sound of the bullets rip into their flesh, their pain went through me and I screamed, lashing out with my mind, the invaders all burned.

For what felt like the hundredth time, I looked down on their dead glassy eyes.

I hadn't been able to protect them. I failed. Not just them, so many, too many.

I sobbed when I heard Bonnie's voice. I didn't want to go through it again, but then the world shook and broke apart, I heard her calling me...

"Ash! Wake up. You're having a nightmare. Wake up," as she shook me.

I could feel the tears running down my cheeks as my throat closed. Bonnie held me as I worked out it was only a dream. Sometimes, being a witch sucked... My vision dream, or nightmare, had taken a lot out of me. She rocked me softly until I fell back into sleep. This time, it was dreamless. I was safe in her arms.

I woke to the sound of the door. The condo was empty; Bonnie must have gone into work and let me sleep in after that horrid nightmare. I quickly got dressed and I noticed I felt... different. My power felt... free. I knew I would have to check it out, meditate, check and see what there was left to do. But after that nightmare it wasn't going to happen right now. Plus, I need to get the front door.

When I opened the door I almost sighed aloud. There were two very tall guys wearing suits. One of them showed me their homeland security badge. Just great. In the dream I knew I had not gone when the president called, and it had led to hell. I wasn't sure if the reverse would be any better, but I wasn't going to ignore my own dreams either.

Ironically now that my decision was made, they weren't here for that.

"Ma'am, if you could come with us, we just have some questions for you then you can go."

Mouth dropping open I asked, "Questions?" I must have sounded idiotic, but they had just waked me up and I lacked the sustenance of life, otherwise known as coffee.

He nodded, "Yes, we are given to understand you have a good grounding of demon culture."

I mumbled and yawned, "Sure, just give me a minute." I didn't have time for a shower but I wanted to brush my hair and teeth at the very least, and put on clean clothes. A few minutes later I followed the two suits to their car. During the drive they were completely professional, which means I was bored out of my mind in the silence of the back seat.

When we arrived they escorted me into the building, since I didn't have cuffs on I was feeling a little better about this visit than the last one. When they got me in the room I even got offered a coffee, which I accepted. Coffee equals life after all.

They asked me a number of familiar questions, starting with how they can get the Demons to give up and go home.

"Well, the one that's attacking right now? You need to have someone challenge the one in charge in single combat. And win. The problem is, if you lose, he wins the country. If you win and they leave, there is no stopping one of the other ruling demons from giving it a try, the original ones won't come back, but they are only from one of hundreds of demesnes.

"If you do lose and don't cede the country by their rules of combat, things will get very ugly, like, wipe us off the map ugly. Not following the rules of combat will not only bring out the big weapons, but all demesnes will join together to teach us a lesson. So don't do the challenge unless you're willing to gamble the country."

When he asked if there was any other way I shrugged.

"You could become a vassal and pay him, so he would rule in name only and we would send tribute. Going the other way, we could invade, we go in and kick major ass and take a demesne. That might convince them we aren't worth the trouble. Of course, if you do that, someone will have to go rule there and defend it.

"Lastly, you could open up more serious negotiations with the Angels. They will probably not offer the technology, but they may set up devices on Earth for us that will make opening a gate between worlds impossible, unless you want one and in what spot. It would cost us something, but I don't think they have any interest in ruling us at all."

It really was a serious problem, I was glad it wasn't up to me. They let me go after that, and did I get a ride home? Nope, subway here I come. Fucking Feds. The best I could come up with is they were desperate and didn't know what they were doing yet, probably why they didn't ask me for anything else.

As I went down to the subway platform I began to wonder which of these people would be in their homes, and which would let hate lead them to riot in the streets, bunching all super naturals as devils, demanding we leave. Kill us and destroy lives. I knew it wouldn't be all of them, probably not even one out of a thousand. Problem was, there was close to thirty million in the city. A high percentage wasn't really needed.

I also wondered how many would be loyal to their Demon and Angel friends. Like Bonnie. And how many would die because of it as she did in my dream. I hated the idea. There had to be a way to keep my dream from coming true. It was a warning was it not? There must be a path I and others could take to avoid it.

I stopped at the IHOP on the way back to the condo. I wasn't in the mood to cook and it was already getting late for breakfast. I put away a meat omelet and some pancakes. It was good enough, and I didn't feel as maudlin now that I had some food in me. I walked around the streets some more not wanting to go back to the condo. When I realized why I was doing it, just to avoid having no more excuses to not meditate on the changes to my power, I steeled myself and went back...

Chapter 26

It seemed my dream last night had served more than one purpose. When I looked deep inside myself and at the core of my power, it was unencumbered. Not to say there were no emotions within me, there was still fear, and I was plenty pissed off at the Feds still, but my power was glowing. There was no more fear and hate of my power itself. I felt buoyant and free. 

I was stronger now, maybe half again as powerful as I was. I would guess I was close to my mother's strength. I knew I would have to meditate often, to keep it this way, to prevent it from being blocked off and distorted again. Considering this, it was time to get a little practice in. My power may not be blocked anymore, but I still had a lot to figure out.

I reached down and summoned my power, merely to hold it. I finally understood that I wasn't drawing the demon and witch power together; I was drawing the power of a demon witch. A subtle difference, but somehow, it felt profound. When I was young and would practice with my mother, then my father, I tried to treat it as two separate cores, two separate powers. I think that is where my first troubles came from.

The power I held now, one power, could create and defend from fire, as well as grow a tree, or heal. It was all one. I made a face as I realized once again Cat was right. Maybe I should put off the burning...

I remembered back to what my mother tried to teach me eight years ago when I was just sixteen. It took me about fifteen minutes of playing with it, along with a slight accident with the sofa, before I was able to open a portal. I held my breath, hoping it was where I wanted it, and stepped through.

I grinned as I stepped into central park. Never mind the portal was three feet off the ground, I had done it. Practice would smooth the rough edges off of things. Until then I would just have to deal. 

I practiced for hours with gravity. I held a paper cup in the air without harming it. On my fourth try I pinched a leaf off of a tree without affecting the branch or surrounding leaves. 

Crushing a beer can to the size of a small ball bearing was kind of fun. I had a few false starts, but my magic never went haywire. It was a matter of practice, tuning in small degrees, if I wanted soft, that is what I got. If I wanted a powerful effect, that is what happened.

It was strange for me, like a dream. All my life I had struggled with this, my power. The hell I had gone through was worth it, and despite me hating Cat, just a little, for what she put me through, I owed her my thanks.

I still needed more training, my mother could do hundreds of minute things all at the same time with gravity, all I really did today was practice my strength, I still had plenty to do. But not now, it was late afternoon and I needed to get back home. I opened a portal and stepped through, this time when I stepped into the condo I was just inches from the floor.

Tom was there, staring at the sofa, one of the arms crushed into splinters. I blushed and explained.

"Sorry about that, getting a hold of my power, that's why I moved to central park."

Tom shook his head and gave me a soft kiss. "Go get ready, we are going out. Bonnie is already changing."

Intrigued with the idea I walked toward the bedroom. With all that was going on we hadn't really had a chance to go out lately. I found Bonnie naked and going through the closet. When I walked in, she shoved a pair of my short jean shorts, and a tight shirt into my hands.

"What are we doing?"

She grinned, "Dinner, then to play some pool, maybe a bar after that. Not really in the mood for a club, that's why I'm dressing you sexy casual, go change."

I spanked her playfully and decided to just go with it. I put the clothes on the bed then stripped down for a shower, it had been a long day and I hadn't had one yet. As a succubus I would never really stink, but I didn't feel clean. When I came out she handed me one of her bras and told me to put it on.

Now, normally I go D-cup in the strip club, but stay B otherwise. It cuts down on... problems. I wasn't stuck up, but I knew my body attracted enough attention being a succubus, even with the perky B's. I guess she wanted arm candy tonight, since her bras of course, was a C-cup. I didn't argue about it, I just put it on and made myself fit it. But I did raise an eyebrow in question.

I snorted as she leered at me up and down, licking her lips when her eyes met my tits. I knew she was just playing, but I have to say she got me a little wet doing it. I have to admit, I did look good with C-cups, they were a little large for my frame, but not freakishly so, just enough to get them lots of attention.

Bonnie was also wearing short jean shorts and a tight red shirt. Her long raven black hair was down which completely changed how she looked. I couldn't help it, I melded my body to hers, pulling her in and kissed her softly. She snickered and stepped back, telling me later. Cruel woman.

We went back outside and Tom was suitable impressed with us both, almost blushing as we each took one of his arms, and kissed either side of his face, before heading for the door. Although slightly underdressed for it, we went to a good steakhouse for dinner. My lips twitched slightly at the judging looks coming from the woman... too bad their men were busy staring at us.

After dinner Tom hailed a taxi and we found a local pool hall. I hadn't played in quite a while but was looking forward to it. I almost regretted the body change as we drew a lot of eyes walking into the place. Bonnie drew her share, but most looked my way. I could almost see them judging their chances if they hit on me. Shrugging I leaned into Tom, making it clear by my body language I was his. Hopefully that would work, some men however were no good at picking up signals that way.

I wondered why I was so aware of it for a moment. I was twenty four and had been drawing looks since I hit puberty at thirteen and got my hourglass figure. Point being is, I was used to it, and pretty much just ignored it most of the time. It took me a moment to figure out it was because I wanted to enjoy my night out with Tom and Bonnie. Not brush off advances all night, second nature or not.

Knowing the cause I put it out of my mind, I would just have to deal. Tom stopped by the front desk and got us a table, then led us over to it carrying the tray of balls. There were three of us, so we just decided to play cut throat nine ball and I volunteered to rack since I really didn't want to break.

Winking at me, Bonnie took a cue stick off the wall and set up the cue ball for a break. She bent over the pool table and hit the ball pretty hard. Belatedly, once I could tear my eyes away, I saw the balls spread out well and the three ball was sunk. She managed to knock in one more before missing. Tom insisted I go next. I managed to hit the two ball, but it didn't go in.

Giving him a quick kiss I said, "Your turn babe." Despite the horrible shot, I was starting to relax and have fun. We managed to order a couple of beers as the waitress walked by, then it was Bonnie's turn again.

She ran the rest of the table, and then grinned at Tom and I. I raised an eyebrow and she giggled.

"Hey, at least I can beat you two at something..."

I snickered, grabbed the triangle and racked another game. We decided to alternate breaks, so Tom was lining up his first shot when I heard a loud argument break out across the room. I had shut off all my sensitivity to emotion, just wanting to relax and have fun, but I instinctively cracked the gate in my mind and felt anger, disgust, and no small amount of fear.

I looked over and saw four young men in yellow t-shirts. It had the slogan, Support America for Humans, on it. They were the disgust and fear. I pondered this for a moment, as my nightmare of a dream flashed in my mind. This is how the bigotry would start, all the trouble in the nation's capitol, plus the plans of highly placed government people, and a whole lot of stupid people, like those four back there.

Problem was of course, there were plenty of Demons and Angels stupid enough to get into a fight over a t-shirt. Never let it be said I thought humans had a monopoly on it. Stupidity crosses all races, in case of point, the pissed off demon about to go off on them. By now Bonnie had noticed, and off duty or not, she was carrying a stun weapon and I could tell she felt like she should intervene.

Of course, she only had her small backup piece, in one of her boots. I doubted she had enough room in her skin tight shorts to carry a sheet of paper, much less a weapon. I sighed and followed her over. Not that I had the right to help, not being her partner anymore. But I sure as hell wasn't going to let her face off with a pissed off Demon. Even if he had very little power outside of strength and speed.

She addressed the demon with a smile, "Hi, I'm Bonnie. I am also an off duty police officer. Is there a problem here mister..."

The demon sounded startled, "Wade, and those assholes are the problem. They must be looking to get beat wearing something so stupid."

Bonnie nodded as if agreeing, her voice sounded soft and reasonable as she said, "Yes, but stupidity is not a crime. Assault is."

Wade's face twisted in annoyance, but he let out a long blowing breath and I could feel the anger dissipating. I would have thought that would be the end of it, of course, with the four yellow shirts that was a lot of concentrated idiocy in one place.

One of them said scathingly, "That's it? He threatened me!"

Bonnie, apparently annoyed now, said reasonably with a tinge of sarcasm, "Yes, but threats are no more a crime than those moronic shirts."

Of course, Wade and I snickered at her comment. I tried, really tried to hold it back, but there it was. I scanned the people around us, who all seemed to be watching now. A few of them even had their phones out, no doubt streaming straight to their YouTube accounts. A dark suspicion rose in my mind so I asked, "Did you idiots volunteer to get beat up so your group could get publicity?"

They didn't answer, but of course, they didn't have to, I could feel their emotions respond affirmatively. I turned to Bonnie and asked, "How much jail time can they get for incitement to riot?"

One of them gulped and asked, "Jail time?"

Bonnie answered, her voice sounding official, "It depends on the circumstances, sometimes just a lot of community service, sometimes four years or more possibly. It could be a while if they wore those shirts with the intent to inflame others and cause a riot."

Wade blushed angrily, realizing he would have been a patsy. Shaking his head he just left at that point and went back to his table. It gave me hope that stupidity had a cure in some cases.

Suspiciously, they all had other shirts on under the t-shirts, which they immediately removed. No doubt tomorrow there would still be a video of them doing that, and people saying their right to free speech was infringed. Never mind they did it on their own, no one told them to take the shirts off.

I followed Bonnie back to the pool table, closing off all outside emotions in disgust, I actually felt disappointment coming off some of the watching people at the aversion of violence. We played another couple of games, and although I had fun, I wasn't as relaxed as I wanted to be. 

I couldn't get those shirts out of my head, they resonated so strongly with my dream, I had to hope what we did would make a small difference, though I doubted it. Not on the large scale anyway, but of course, Wade wouldn't be going to jail at least.

There was a bar close by that we hit. It was small but full of people. There was music on, but not blasting like a club would be. We sat at a table and ordered some drinks. It was nice, we talked about what was going on. Bonnie was breaking in a new partner at work, which was slightly depressing since it wasn't me, but okay. Her new partner was a demon named Kim, she was petite like me, but four inches taller at five foot six. She didn't have fire powers, but could hit like a Mack truck apparently.

Tom was still overworked, but said he heard rumors that they would find regular doctors to supplement and take care of smaller issues that weren't life and death. I didn't really like the idea of that, it was almost like the first small necessary step in getting the supernatural community out of America. Why hire a host of human doctors when one or two more Angels would handle the overflow?

Or perhaps I was just getting paranoid, seeing the end in everything. I made an effort and released all of it, determined to have a good time. It worked well enough. I wasn't drunk, but I couldn't deny tipsy when we left the bar. Tom hailed a cab and we went back to the condo. Tom looked at us suspiciously when we shared a look and giggled.

We both liked his dominate male fantasy, but tonight we had other plans.

We double teamed him with soft caresses and kisses as we stripped him of clothes and led him to the bedroom. Once we got him in the bed, Bonnie distracted him while I grabbed the ropes and tied him up. Smiling we continued to kiss and stroke his whole body except his cock, every once in a while we stopped long enough for Bonnie and I to share a kiss and remove one piece of clothing.
