 "Where am I then?" I asked Molnjir.

He theatrically swept his arm around to display the vibrant nature of the world. 

"Welcome," he boomed, "to Andorra. Our base is called Algronda, which is where we are standing now."

"How did I get here anyway?" I asked him. Inter-world travel seemed like a fascinating topic to me. 

"Melissa used a teleportation spell to bring you here," he said, looking at Melissa. She shrugged.

I was fascinated by the idea. "Can I learn how to teleport too?" I asked eagerly, trying to mask my excitement but failing. 

Molnjir smiled understandingly. "Unfortunately not, young man. That spell is exclusively for members of the royal family."

I frowned, and Melissa stuck a tongue out at me. "I`ll have to keep you around as my personal teleportation manager then," I suggested brightly.

She laughed, loud and clear, and I found myself wanting to hear her laugh more.

"You wish, little peasant" she snorted, smiling. 

Moljnir interrupted us as the gravity of the situation reasserted itself. 

"We`ll have to bring you to the King immediately and inform him of the situation," he said gravely and looked at me as if deciding what flowers he would put on my grave.

Before I could reply, Melissa grabbed Molnjir with one hand and me with the other, and we were whisked off the face of the earth as everything went black again. My body was crushed and weightless at the same time until a second later, we reappeared in a small room. I came to my bearings and studied the room. It was tastefully furnished, with vague paintings hanging on the walls. A large, mahogany desk stood immediately to attention, as a big man behind the desk gasped at our sudden entry and spilled ink all other whatever he had been working on.

"Melissa!" he boomed disapprovingly, "what have I told you about surprising me when working?"

"Sorry dad, but this is important," she said, not looking sorry at all. The man finally took notice of Molnjir and me, and his eyes narrowed.

When no one moved for a few moments, he frowned. "Well?"

Molnjir took a step forwards and bowed deeply. "My lord, we have a special situation here, and I thought it most prudent to inform you of it immediately."

He gestured towards me, and whispered, "Show it."

I willed the ring to be visible and it plopped into existence on my finger, filling the room with a green glow.

The King`s eyes went wide as he stared in open astonishment at the pulsing ring. Illuminated by the viridescent light, I saw different emotions flitter across his face. First shock, then fear, followed by deep respect. He tore his eyes from the magical object and studied me intensively. I willed the ring out of existence again as I withstood his scrutinizing glare, and although uncomfortable, I stood my ground. Finally, he nodded his understanding of the situation.

"Tell me how this happened," he ordered Moljnir.

The giant bowed his head. "He says he killed a demon, and got the ring. He has not elaborated further."

The King went thoughtful, before turning to me. "Explain," he said curtly.

My mind raced as I wondered what to tell him. I couldn`t tell him I was an assassin, now could I? 

"Well... he tried to kill me, and I got a lucky hit," I stuttered. I knew it wasn`t very plausible, but it was all I could reveal.

He noticed I was holding back something, but thankfully opted to give me the benefit of the doubt, and my respect for him increased. "Very well."

He began pacing in the room, deep in thought. We watched him in silence, wondering what he would do. Suddenly, I realized I didn`t know anything about this world. These people were obviously fighting against Evil, and because of the ring, they might see me as a threat, I concluded grimly. Melissa probably wasn`t joking when she said she could have me executed.

Finally, he came to a decision, and looked at me with a serious look.

"You will remain here and train with the others. However, I can`t risk you losing control over that ring, so you`ll have private lessons with Neyzar instead of public magic classes," he declared. He walked briskly to his desk and pressed a button. Seconds later, a tall and thin man arrived, dressed all in black. He wore a permanent scowl on his face that accentuated his pitch black intelligent eyes. His silky hair was, you guessed it, black as well, and he wore it long and tied behind his head. 

"You called, my lord?" he asked in a shrill, annoying voice.

"Yes Neyzar, I want you to give..." he looked at me and I helpfully supplied, "Alexander Red". 

He beamed at me. "Yes, give Alexander private lessons. You`ll start as soon as possible."

The man called Neyzar slowly looked at me, and I saw distaste in his eyes as he glanced once at me. "My lord, I do not take students anymore, and you know it. I`m afraid I`ll have to decline."

The King nodded, as if he had been expecting something along those lines. "Show him Alex."

I made my ring visible and it`s green glow filled the room once more. Neyzar stopped and stared at it in wonder, showing for the first time an emotion other than disdain. I saw a flash of hunger in his eyes before it vanished as quickly as it had come, leaving me to wonder if it was my imagination. Whatever the case, I made the ring vanish again, and Neyzar actually seemed disappointed. He slowly began to nod. 

"Yes, that will do. I will take him," he announced, an evil grin spreading on his face, making me shiver involuntarily.

The King, oblivious to this or deciding to ignore it, patted him on the back. 

"Thank you, my friend. Now get out, all of you! I need to work." With that, he waved his hands, and his spell engulfed and flung us back into infinity.

We landed back where we came from, with a view of the four houses, me with a lot less dizziness than before. I must be getting used to teleportation, I mused.

"Better get back to the tour!" Molnjir exclaimed enthusiastically. "As I was saying, you`ll be assigned a house, and that will be your new home."

"Wait a minute," I interrupted, "what determines what house you`re assigned to?"

"Good question," he appraised. "Only magical beings can enter Algronda. Magic exists in these four types, so it depends on what magic you have in you. You get your magical powers from a parent, although in rare cases higher powers have gifted humans some powers, usually in a very limited form."

I thought about my parents. My mother died bringing me to the world, which left my dad. Was he magical? Considering his eccentric lifestyle, he very well could have been, I realized with a start.

"So, as I was saying. Next to Life we have the House of Good, then the House of Evil, and finally the House of Death, which is empty."

Putting Evil and Good next to each other seemed brave, I thought, but held my mouth on that topic. 

"Who`s in the House of Evil?" I asked.

"Ah, those with Dark powers. Just because their parents were agents of the Dark doesn`t mean that all the kids fight for them, too. Just as you have sons of Good fighting to Evil, you have Evil offspring fighting for Good. That answer your question?"

I nodded, and he continued.

"The big empty patches in the forest are the different battlegrounds, you`ll get to know them soon enough. That only leaves one area left!"

With that, he began to rapidly march towards the edge of the village, and we hurried to keep up. Melissa seemed to realize where we were going, and I thought her cheeks turned slightly red. I had no idea why, until I passed an invisible barrier.

All around me, a huge, second part of the city popped into existence. Bigger and more menacing creatures lumbered around here, and I could almost smell the high concentration of magic in the air. I watched as great green giants wrestled brutally in the mud, and dark-clad figures waving their hands in the air. Seconds later, clouds formed directly over them and lightning streaked down to touch their hands. The clouds vanished, and the figures left, seeming extremely satisfied. I saw a glimpse of a now-cooked marshmallow, and I had to grin. "Cool."

"Welcome to the Arnea, the only place where serious magic and pure magical beings are allowed," Moljnir declared.

My eyes swept around me, taking it all in, before coming to a stop at a pile of hay. Two bodies were wrapped tightly around each other, fucking in the open for the world to see. The man`s face was turned away, but I saw the woman`s, and it could only be described as utterly average. She was neither pretty nor ugly, and she seemed almost bored. I raised an eyebrow but kept on looking, before seeing another couple fucking, this time on a wooden roof. I looked closer, and saw that while the man was obviously different, the female looked exactly like the first one I saw.

"Twin sisters?" I wondered, but as I looked, I saw dozens of different couples fucking in different positions, but with the girls looking exactly the same.

"What the hell?"

Moljnir caught me looking and grinned at my confusion. "That`s Jane. That`s what the final part of the tour is about. We have to wait here, I`m afraid."

Final part? I saw we had come in front of a huge white mansion, with it`s massive door looming in front of us.

"We`ll wait at the exit," Molnjir stated, and grabbed a blushing Melissa as he walked away at a brisk pace. 

I waited stupidly, not knowing what to do, as a light breeze played with my hair. Finally, I blonde haired dude walked towards me. 

"Hey, you here for the tour?" he asked me, not making eye contact.

"Uh, I guess so," I answered, taken aback.

"Great, follow me," he said dully and began walking towards the mansion. Before following him, I thought I saw Dellen, the guy who had harassed Melissa earlier, peek at me from the direction the blonde guy had come from.

Oh uh.

I kept waiting for an ambush, but nothing happened as we walked towards the entrance. Right before entering, my guide stopped and motioned for me to enter.

"Ladies first," he said. "I can`t follow you."

I looked at him uncertainly, but he just waited and didn`t move.

With a sigh, I braced myself and with some trepidation, I put my palm on the door the open it.

I barely touched it when my body was enveloped by a particularly brutal teleportation spell and I yelled, or tried to, as I was torn apart and reassembled in a huge flash of light. I stumbled weakly around, clearing the stars from my eyes, and finally got back to normal.

What I saw left me speechless.

I was at the beginning of a long, well-lit marble hallway. On one side, there was a bare marble wall. On the other, there were steps that lead to a long row of podiums, featuring hundreds of unmoving woman. 

"CHOSE YOUR GIRL," a deep voice rang out, making me jump is surprise. 

"Chose a girl? And then what?" I shouted back, trying to figure out where the voice was coming from.

"SHE WILL BE YOURS... IF SHE ACCEPTS YOU," the voice replied. I gave up trying to locate it, as it came from everywhere at once.

"Ok..." I muttered, and looked around. None of the woman had moved at all, and so I walked towards the nearest one.

To my shock, it was Jane standing there, looking at me with disinterested eyes. 

"THIS ONE WILL ACCEPT YOU, BUT SHE WILL BE THE ONLY ONE YOU CAN CHOOSE IF YOU TAKE HER. DO YOU ACCEPT?" the voice declared.

I studied Jane. She was completely average, and I took a dislike to her disinterested expression. 

"I will not," I declared.

"VERY WELL. SHE IS NOW BARRED TO YOU FOREVER"

Jane turned around and showed me her back, before freezing into place again.

I didn`t spare her a second glance as I began walking up the aisle. The further I came the prettier the women became, but the more critical they looked at me. Deciding to see what the end of the hall was like, I jogged ahead, taking the girls in from the corner of my eye. The longer I jogged the better their posture, the bigger their breasts, and the prettier their faces became, until the end came in sight and a broke into a sprint.

Panting slightly from the exertion, I studied the women now in sight. They were all complete stunners, each in their own right. The last girl was a gorgeous brunette with striking blue eyes and a fit and toned body. I smiled at her but as I started walking down the aisle, taking them all in, I saw her scowl at me with apparent disinterest. 

So the prettier they were, the harder they were to get, I realized.

When I saw the sixth girl, I stopped in shock. She was the most beautiful, the most stunning girl I had ever laid my eyes upon. 

Long, shining blonde hair cascaded sensually down her vulnerable neck and behind her back. Her face was beautifully feminine with two sparkling emerald green eyes and full, slightly parted red kissable lips.

The white, slightly see-through dress she was wearing did little to hide two big, perky breasts, and hardened nipples poked through the fabric. The dress then spilled onto a firm ass and fit, femininely-muscled beautiful legs.

She radiated beauty, and I was enraptured.

I walked in front of her and stopped, but she kept on watching me impassively.

"Hello," I started, making my voice slightly deeper and guttural than normal, and I bowed slightly.

"I just had to stop and tell you that you are one of the most beautiful creatures I have ever met," I confessed. She didn`t move in the slightest, and I sighed.

"I suppose it`s foolish of me to think I could ´make you mine´, whatever that means. You are right to be sceptic, but I have to say - I`d rather try and fail with you, and end up alone, than taking what`s quasi free but mediocre."

I stopped talking to study her, but she didn`t even blink. How was it even possible to remain that quiet?

I took a moment to gather my thoughts.

"However, I would have never forgiven myself if I had passed this opportunity to talk to you, and so here I am. I don`t know what I have to do, or even if I could do it even if I knew, but here I am, trying nonetheless."

I looked at her and waited, but she remained sessile, and I let out a sigh.

"Well, I`m happy I tried. Because in my eyes, you are the ultimate feminine beauty that can exist, and I don`t think I`ll ever meet someone as beautiful as you. So let me tell you that even if we never meet again, I will cherish the memory of you for the rest of my life." 

Silence descended on the aisle as I stopped talking, and I lowered my voice.

"Goodbye, my beautiful girl," I whispered, and smiled sadly. 

A strand of hair fell onto her face, the first motion coming from her body at all, and I moved to brush it behind her ear.

As I came close though, my hand brushed on an invisible barrier between me and the girls, and it attacked my hand, flooding into my body.

"What the hell!" I shouted as it entered my bloodstream and paralyzed my body, making me give up control of limb after limb. I fell roughly onto the floor as my legs refused to hold me up, and I started rolling down the steps painfully. By the time I arrived at the last one, my body gave up its last limb, and I was left helpless.

Dammit, I thought. This can`t be good. To my horror, when it had all my limbs, it began attacking my organs, and I knew that if nothing stopped it, I would die when it reached my heart or brain.

Behind me, where the girls were, noise began to increase as I heard them move and whisper among themselves, finally able to move again, but I couldn`t move my head and see them, or even ask for help.

I focused on my ring, willing it to give me energy and to fight the paralysis, but when I felt for it I noticed something blocking its connection to me, and I nearly began to panic.

Soft footstep sounded behind me as strong hands turned me on my back, and I saw it was the beautiful girl I had been talking to, looking at me with a concerned expression. Next to her was another incredibly beauty with long, flowing black hair. Her face was just as beautiful, but was way sharper, with cold, menacing black eyes, and for some reason I didn`t want to cross her. She looked at me angrily with her arms crossed.

"Didn`t anyone tell you about the barrier, you idiot?" she exclaimed, furious. "You seemed like the first decent guy to come along, and you kill yourself? What is wrong with you!"

Barrier? I wondered, and although I couldn`t move my face the beautiful blonde noticed my confusion. I felt a powerful consciousness touch my mind and rummage through my memories. I saw each of them play out again in my own mind: Getting the ring, the time my father organized a surprise party for me, Melissa, Molnjir,... the memories went on and on, but when they came to the sandy haired guy that had brought me here, the consciousness abruptly closed the connection.

"He didn`t know!" the blonde haired goddess exclaimed loudly, making the black haired girl look at her in confusion.

"What do you mean, of course he knew!" she said.

"No, really, look at his mind! His guide didn`t tell him anything, knowing exactly this would happen!" the blonde protested.

The black haired girl shrugged, as in saying, whatever, worth a shot and I felt a second, more sinister consciousness connect with mine and look at my memories. At the same memory of my guide, she broke off as well.

"Well I`ll be damned," she muttered. "It`s really true."

"So what do we do now?" the blonde girl asked. "He has a few more minutes to live, at most." And as she said it, I knew it was true. I felt organ after organ get attacked and slowly give up its function, and it wasn`t going to be long before I was dead.

At least I couldn`t wish for a better view to die with, I thought slyly. Two of the most beautiful feminine creatures to ever walk this earth standing concerned over you was definitely a nice way to go. 

At the same time as I thought that, the two girls looked at me in surprise, then at each other with sly smiles. They seemed to have a telepathic communication, after which their smiles widened. In unison, they took one of my limp hands and placed it on their heads.

"For that beautiful thought, you get to live," the blonde haired girl said warmly as she looked at me with her deep green eyes. She closed them though, as did the other girl, and they spoke at the same time.

"Almos umar cunos emori, almos zutig name ten..." they chanted together in a language I didn`t understand, but that seemed awfully familiar.

They continued to chant and after a while, I noticed the sickness was stopping, as if listening to their melodious voices. Soon, to my excitement, it began to recede, restoring my organs back to me, before finally retreating from my limbs. My senses rushed back at me, reporting in for duty, and my eyes widened as I noticed I could move again. The girls were not finished chanting, however, and picked up their pace. I sat up, careful not to put my hands away from their foreheads, as it seemed important, and sat in silence as they sang an ancient song. Their bodies began to glow in different colours; the blonde began glowing a brilliant white, while the black haired girl was another story entirely.

I didn`t know black could be something that glowed, but she managed to do it anyway, and I stared transfixed as it mixed with the white in swirling forms, casting the hallway with beautiful, constantly changing patterns. A wind picked up in the hall, and slowly the three of us began to levitate above the ground, and I felt the girls near the end of the song.

They reached the final word in unison, and their two consciousness merged with mine. Through this incredible bond, I felt the most beautiful and incredible, unfathomably precious things that could only be their souls reach out to me, and I happily embraced them with my own. The unbelievable beauty of it all had tears streaming down my face, and slowly their consciousness retreated, but they left a part of their soul unbreakably bonded with mine. We slowly levitated back to the floor, and the wind stopped as abruptly as it had come.
