 "Yes! Yes! OH YES!" Emily screamed under me as the third orgasm tore through her body like a hurricane. I mercilessly drove on, not slowing down in the slightest, driving the quivering girl to new heights. Interestingly enough, every time she came, waves of energy crashed through our bond and into my mind, making me feel a fraction of the pleasure she was feeling, and I marvelled at the heights females could feel. 

Next to us, Sakura sat with her legs spread wide and open, so I could see her finger intently rubbing on her clit, her hungry dark eyes never leaving us for a second. Every time Emily shuddered and wailed her climax, she half-shut her eyes and groaned as she drove her body into her own orgasm. The first time, I thought it was coincidence, but now I was positively sure that she was timing it to us. As if catching my thought, she suddenly smiled and winked at me mischievously, and I didn't know whether to laugh or not. My body decided to no longer resist the beautiful soft female flesh tightly pressed underneath me and I groaned as I buried myself into her and had my own climax, my balls tightening to spurt load after load into her dark depths as waves of pleasure washed over us. 

Emily clung on to me tightly as I spent myself in her, and soon my head began to function again. 

"You put quite a show," Sakura remarked, grinning widely. 

"I had a particularly attentive audience," I shot back, and began to gather my clothes again. The two naked females languidly watched me getting dressed, and after I finished, I turned to them. 

"Not that I don't love you naked, but are you going to stay like that when we leave?" I asked. 

"Would you like us this way?" Emily suggested innocently. 

"Whatever pleases the Master," Sakura added succulently, with a selfless look on her face. 

I laughed, and considered. Nobody would be able to see them anyway besides me, so what would be the harm? I then thought about the raging boner I would have constantly with them around like that, and shook my head. 

"I wouldn't be able to concentrate at anything at all," I said, knowing that they had already read the thought from my mind. 

"Aww," the girls went, and reluctantly snapped their fingers. White togas appeared around their bodies, and barely covered their skin. If anything, they looked even more provocative than before, and they knew it. Shaking my head in amusement, I still had to admire the beauty of my new... servants? Or were they my slaves? 

"Whatever you wish us to be," Emily said earnestly, reading my thoughts. I looked up at her and Sakura, and saw they were both completely serious. I nodded to myself. They were my girls, I decided. Simple. 

Emily and Sakura beamed at me, liking their roles in my life. 

"Want to get out of here?" Sakura asked. 

Apparently, all you needed to do was to state your intention of leaving out loud, and the mysterious voice would do the rest. Before doing so, I took a moment to reflect. I had went in the room with zero knowledge, and had left it with two powerful sex beings bound to me. That also meant I would be hunted and killed if someone else ever found out... if they didn't hunt and kill me for the ancient ring anyway. Either way, I had to be very careful with what I did. 

Taking a hold of each girl's hand, I said aloud: "I wish to leave this room." 

Nothing happened for a frightening moment, and then the floor vanished under my feet and I fell into the infinite abyss. 

Two seconds later, my feet touched earth again, and I fell weakly to my knees. Wind whipped at my face again, and I saw I was at the other side of the big building. Emily and Sakura were nowhere to be seen, but I felt our strong connection in my mind, and wasn't worried. But then I saw Melissa with puffy red eyes, and Molnjir trying to comfort her with reassuring pats on the back. She was staring at the ground, but at my appearance her eyes met mine. She jumped up, nearly hitting Molnjir in the face in the process, and stormed to me. 

"I'm back!" I smiled as she reached me, and instead of getting the warm greeting I expected, she slapped me. Hard. 

"What was that for?" I asked confused, rubbing my stinging check. 

"HOW DARE YOU," she yelled furiously, and angrily swung at me again. This time, I ducked, and her hand sailed harmlessly over my head. 

"I NEVER WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN," she shouted, tears now streaming down her face. With that, she turned, and ran off. Molnjir stared at her helplessly, and then walked to me. 

"Sorry mate," Molnjir offered, patting me on the back. "That ship has sailed." 

"Why was she crying?" I asked, still confused. 

Molnjir gave me a serious look. "She was worried you were dead." 

"Oh," I said dumbly, not knowing what else to say. 

I realized now wasn't the moment to go comfort her, and resolved to go find her later and apologise. 

I stood in silence for a moment, during which Molnjir carefully watched me. 

"No girl for you, huh?" he said, taking the lack of visible females around me at face value. "Don't worry, there are plenty of pretty girls here for you, I'm sure you'll click with one of them." He patted my back. 

I laughed and grinned at him. "Thanks man, but I think I'm good at the moment." My eyes twinkled as I smiled at him, making him pause and check me over again, looking at my dishevelled hair, relaxed posture, and somehow got a whiff of a foreign smell on me. The girls giggled in my head. 

We remade your hair a bit when teleporting away, so it wasn't too messy. You can thank us later! 

I have just the thing in mind, I replied. 

Meanwhile, Molnjir hadn't found any further evidence, and so shrugged it off. "Come, let's get out of the Arnea, and I can show you where you'll be sleeping," he said. "This place always makes me nervous." 

We started walking towards a mass of people, in the middle of which there was a massive dinosaur-like creature, which reminded me of a T-Rex with glittering green scales and murderous red eyes. It roared loudly and, throwing its head up, breathed out a massive column of flames, seemingly igniting the sky on fire for a few seconds. 

"Woah!" I exclaimed, enthralled, and Molnjir grinned. "That, my friend, is the feared Gulbasaur! It is a demon which the founding fathers of Algronda enslaved and kept as a pet here, also acting as a guardian." 

"You can keep demon pets?" I asked, suddenly interested in the idea. Could I get myself a Gulbasaur of my own? 

Molnjir, to my chagrin, shook his head. "Only if you have permission for one, and almost no one does. Demons are very hard to control, and if you don't know what you're doing, you can easily end up being killed." 

I faked a theatrical sigh, and Molnjir laughed, and leaned closer. 

"On the other hand," he whispered conspiratorially, "it is fairly common, and of course strictly discouraged but not persecuted for by the King, to keep a small, low-level demon as a pet." 

My eyes widened as ideas raced through my mind, trying to conceal my excitement from the almost giant. I failed. 

"How do I get a pet demon?" I asked, dropping the façade of indifference. 

"You have to summon one and bind it to your will," he replied. "I myself am no stranger to it, so if you want help in summoning your first pet, you can ask me." 

"How many pets do you have?" I asked him. 

"Just one at the moment, and he is enough for me," Molnjir replied. He made a hand gesture and muttered a word I didn't quite catch, and held out his arm. 

A second passed where nothing happened, and then, out of nowhere, a small red dragon popped into existence on his arm. He was a brilliant sparkly red, with tough-looking red scales and smoke curling from his mouth. He had glowing orange eyes, and eyed me hungrily. 

My mouth hung open as I appraised him. "You have your own dragon? How cool is that!" 

I tentatively moved closer, and Molnjir guessed my intentions correctly. He held out his arm with the dragon and said, "Go on, touch him! He likes to be petted." I didn't have to be told twice, and slowly held out my hand in front of the monster. A forked tongue darted out and licked my hand, before the dragon pressed his head against my hand. I laughed and started moving my hand across his tough body, wondering how it could be so tough and soft at the same time. 

"Does he have a name?" I asked, and for a moment stopped caressing him. The dragon started growling indignantly, and so I continued. He settled down contently. 

"His name is Qwen," Molnjir said. "He likes you." 

"And I like him," I replied. And I really did. I thought it was fascinating I could be petting a miniature dragon. 

"He's cute, isn't he," Emily remarked, suddenly standing next to me. I watched in horror as she started petting the dragon as well, who looked at her suspiciously before doing something akin to a dragon shrug, and lying down again. 

"Don't worry, Molnjir can't see me," Emily said, flashing a smile at me. And, sure enough, when I looked at Molnjir, he was looking right through Emily. I breathed a sigh of relief. 

You scared me, I told her. 

Emily just beamed at me mischievously, and stopped petting the dragon Qwen. 

"I got bored," she said, and walked to me and dropped to her knees. Before I could react, she reached through my pants and started stroking my dick. 

"Wha-" I started, but before I could, Sakura appeared and put a finger on my lips, silencing me. 

"She is layering an illusion over your pants, so to Molnjir, nothing different is happening. Of course, we both know the truth..." she looked down at my now erect cock and a gorgeous blonde stroking it and staring at it hungrily, licking her lips. When she was satisfied with its hardness, she slowly began putting it in her warm and tender mouth. It took me everything I had to not groan as she started working her magic. 

Molnjir, oblivious to all of this, decided my curiosity for Qwen had been satisfied, and sent him away again with a word I again didn't understand. The dragon popped away with a small flash of light, and the giant turned to me. 

"Shall I show you where you will be sleeping?" he asked, and I nodded dumbly, not trusting myself to speak. 

"What would he think if he knew of that beautiful girl slobbing away at your cock," Sakura hissed in my ear, wrapping her arms around me. Moljnir started leading the way, and I started following him. Emily, her mouth still firmly fixated on my cock, somehow managed to always remain in front of me, so my walk might have passed as normal. As we reached some kind of border, I knew I was getting very close. Her green eyes stared into my soul as she pushed me towards a cliff, and I knew there was no going back. I closed my eyes and knew that this was the moment, and exactly then, she vanished, leaving my cock dripping with drool out in the open. I somehow knew that the illusion had disappeared as well, and hastily tucked it back in my pants. In confusion, I looked around, and saw that Sakura had vanished as well. Molnjir, thankfully, had his back turned to me, and only now looked back. He saw me in my confusion, and looked concerned. 

"Is everything all right?" he asked. 

"Yeah, everything's good," I replied, wondering what had happened. And then I hear Emily's cursing voice in my head. 

The damn field! You left the area where heavy magic is allowed, and the border is too strong for us to cross it. 

So you are trapped in the Arnea? I asked. 

For the time being, yes. 

Well how can we get you out of there? 

I felt them converse with each other and waited as they reached a conclusion. 

This is a special kind of bubble, if you wish. For normal magical beings, inescapable, but there is a way for us to be able to leave. 

What is it? 

We would have to restart the field. To do that, we'd need to overload it with energy, and only a very specific kind of energy. 

The question formed in my mind, but they already knew what I was going to ask, and answered quickly. 

Demonic energy. 

Demonic energy? How the hell was I supposed to get demonic energy? 

Any idea how we do that? I asked them. 

If they had been physically present next to me, I'm sure they would have exchanged hesitant, foreboding glances. All of a sudden, I was uncharacteristically nervous. Whatever one had to do to get demonic energy, and enough to overload such a powerful force field, couldn't be good. An image of hell filled my mind, with a searing hot atmosphere, burning lava dripping and pooling everywhere, and a putrid, acid stench that filled your nose and left you coughing and sputtering for your life. And the worst would be the terrible, dark beings that would hear your useless flailing and come gliding to your side, hungry for yet another delightfully slow and painful feast. 

All of this passed my mind in an instant, and left me cold and shivering. 

There is a way, but it's very dangerous... we might not survive it. 

Do we have a choice? 

...No. 

~~AUTHERS NOTE~~ 

Thanks a lot for all the support! I've been extremely busy lately, so haven't had much time to continue the story, but here it a short Chapter 3 to keep the ball rolling. As always, feedback is always appreciated!