 The fun thing about being an assassin is the seduction, those moments of intimacy that occur right before the end. Sometimes it lasts seconds or minutes as the rhythm of the your heartbeat matches the target's motion. Suddenly, with a percussion that sounds like a mass of compressed air, the sniper rifle round hurtles at subsonic speeds towards the target and lands with a sting so fast the victim doesn't even have time to contemplate his shift from life to death. One heartbeat he's on the ninth green going for a birdie and the next he's in front of the pearly gates trying to tell St-Peter exactly why he should let his sorry corrupted ass into heaven. Most people I nix aren't the kind that go to heaven anyway. I'm not going there either.

The down side of my job is that my relationships never go anywhere. There is a stupid rule that you can't date the people you work with. A few "date" each in the broom closet sometimes, but it the exception and not the rule. It's a shame too, because most agents, male or female, are gorgeous by any standard. I'm not just saying that. Uncle Sam sees to it that we get all the good looks Mother Nature skimped on. And you were wondering where all your tax money goes. Sure, you could say "What does it matter if you look like a model underneath those night vision goggles," but actually the looks are for those more interesting aspects of the job. Let me give you an example and you'll get it, I'm sure. 

The target is a Washington power broker in his early fifties with a fondness for pretty women and oral sex. There was a madam that we were in tight with and he ordered all his dates from her. After a little pressure from our friends at the IRS, she became very compliant in inviting an extra woman named Pandora (that's me) into the fold. 

Since Mr. Power Broker was always dealing with the same madam, he was more than happy to see a fresh face in the regulars and thus a fresh mouth to come into. His eyes lit up like a little kid at Christmas when I told him my specialty was fellatio. I took him by the hand and led him into a softly lit room with soft beige plush carpeting and a comfortable array of cushions. He made the joke about opening Pandora's box. They always do. I called him a naughty boy, he definitely loved that. He was gentle and asked me what I did before. I told him that I was in the choir in high school and that I was doing this to pay for college. Lo and behold he had an erection the size of Florida. It was easy to let these guys' imaginations wander and with a figure like mine he could have never told that I was in fact 32 years old. He told me that he could try to fix something up for me, like a grant. I thanked him knowing full well that he would never leave this room alive.

I began to undo his tie and to unbutton his shirt and exposed a surprisingly well-toned chest sparsely covered with soft salt and pepper hair. He smelled of expensive cologne as I charmingly nuzzled his neck. I slipped the shirt slowly from his shoulders and let it fall to the plush carpet. I gently kissed his chest and belly smearing my lipstick as I did. I kneeled in front of him and undid his belt buckle. His pants fell down to his ankles and he was wearing a pair of black mid-thigh Calvins underneath. I rubbed my soft blushed cheeks all over his stiffening rod and a bit of moisture began to show through. His length was pretty respectable but it was the width that gave me pause. I appraised the thick hardening cock through the black cotton, running my hand smoothly along it. Nothing I couldn't handle, I thought to myself. I gave soft kisses through the material and tasted his salty pre-cum though his underwear. I knew he was mine. I looked up at him pleadingly while kneeling on the soft plush carpet and asked him if I could go touch up a bit. He said I looked fine. I told him that I did not want to be just fine I wanted to be perfect. He took a long look at me kneeling there as if I were an over-indulgent little girl, closed his eyes, and replied "Sure!" 

I went to the adjoining bathroom and touched up my make up adding a rich layer of nerve toxin laden gloss to my well-shielded lips. It was the weapon suggested by my superiors. In trace doses the toxin would go straight for the heart and numb the nerves into inaction creating a seemingly natural heart attack caused by a spirited young call girl. No questions asked. Case closed. I straightened up my red silk kimono so that my ample cleavage would show well from above and noticed that I had become shamefully wet for my run in with Mr. Power Broker. Well, it had been a while. I thought about it for a bit and then said to myself "What I am afraid of, killing him! And who is he going to tell anyway?."

I walked back to the plushy room and rubbed my body up against him letting him feel my every curve on his body. His hands wandered down to my black lacy G-sting to find that it had been soaked through just like his undergarment. He slipped a finger inside me, the sly old fox. And from behind too! He nonchalantly stroked my clitoris with his wandering thumb. When he seemed satisfied with the moisture he had evoked in my pussy he took his well-lubricated finger from the front and slowly eased it into my back entry. Then he took his other hand and put it in front masturbating me at both ends at the same time. In all my travels no one had done that to me. The feeling was overwhelming. It felt so forbidden and so new for someone jaded like me. I never dared to have a man touch me like that before, but if I was going to play the whore I was going to enjoy being one. I threw my head back on his shoulder and he bent me forward on a gathering of pillows. To my dismay, he stopped for a second. I moaned in disapproval as he removed my soiled panties. He proceeded to lick my protruding lips and clit while still keeping his other hand busy at my backdoor. Here I was bent forward like a bitch in heat having my clit licked and my asshole fingered by my target who was nearly twice my age while I was pretending to be a choir girl fresh out of high school. The sheer pervertedness of it all made me come explosively at first and then my lover's sheer skill extended my orgasm into a series of stuttering shockwaves that rocked me to my foundations. On an ordinary day, that would have been enough play.

But not today. I attacked my prey with pure lust. I threw him back on the pillows and before he could say anything I slipped his thick shaft into me feeling it sliding slow and steady inside me until he was balls deep. Girl on top is by far my favorite position. I get the length I want and the speed I want when I want it. And that big dick was all mine. I could end all of this with a single kiss to any mucus membrane, like the nose, the mouth…the cock…. I was the mantis, the black widow. The mating would end when I wished. I was in complete control of the situation. My pleasure, and my mark's pleasure was in my hands. I had never felt so much in control and out of control in my life and I have not since. 

I crouched astride my quarry. My feet were firmly placed on the ground. His cock was as hard as a rock and it pulsed gently inside me. I raised up my ass and sent it back down testing the stroke. I adjusted the angle just so my clit would hit his pubic hair on the way down. I slipped my red kimono down over my shoulders draping his feet with the soft silk. I exposed my breasts to him. The sliding silk coursing down my back added to my excitement. As the thick bud of my nipples neatly capped my wide dark brown areolas hardened. Each stood on end over the swell of my ripe breasts. My prey reached up to touch them and even his large hands could not fully contain the overflowing flesh of my bosom. His uncalloused bureaucrat's hands we so soft that he seemed to have never been the victim of labor. They seemed to be hands that had known only how to give and receive pleasure. I put my hands over his and taught him to touch my tits just so, not too hard and not too soft. In that somewhat awkward but extremely pleasurable position we began to move. His penis was soon awash with my nectar and slid perfectly inside my long-neglected pussy. My semi-exposed clitoris arrived just right in his pubis tickling it on the down stroke. He stroked my breasts and pinched my nipples just the right way. It was, if I do say so myself , the perfect fuck .

I abandoned myself to the pleasure of the situation shuddering in another cataclysmic orgasm. My pussy clenched around him desperately yearning for his flowing seed. I suddenly noticed how loud my moaning had become. I urged my lover on. I was teetering on the verge of another series of small explosions only waiting for him to come inside me and set me free. Upon feeling the pulsing of the inner walls of my vagina my target had no choice but to abandon his seed to me, detonating a myriad orgasmic seizure through my restless body. I could feel his huge creamy discharge glaze the inside of my cunt making me doubly wet. 

Even if he were both drenched with sweat his erection stood as proudly as it had when we began. It still lingered inside me although I had collapsed on his soft hairy chest. My pussy still grasped at it longingly. Because of positioning and our mutual wetness his erect cock slid out of me and bobbed up against my buttocks smacking it with a wet slap. The sound inspired my mark to make me try something else that was new to me. He bent me over a bunch of cushions and entered my waiting and wet vagina by behind. I was expecting a second round from behind and was disappointed at him exiting my soft, waiting flesh. From my vantage point it seemed like my mate's cock was heading northward. I stiffened when I thought about its destination. My lover felt it and began to soothingly pet me and ease my fears. He told me to tell him when to stop if it hurt too much and then proceeded to massage my puckered anus. I felt that it was still loosened and sensitive from the first time he touched me there. So did he. 

I felt his boiling hot cockhead nudging my tight entrance. I stiffened and again he patiently brought my anxiety down until I felt his warmth inside me. My tight canal was alive with new sensations as if it had been awakened from a long sleep. His wide penis just felt so present inside me. I could feel his heartbeat through his cock and he could feel mine though my tightness. I slowly backed up onto his cock, feeling his pubic hair up against my dilated ass. He moaned loudly as I squeezed my ass in the same way I squeezed my pussy earlier. He began to move . I felt as if there was an itch to scratch that I had never had before. His cock felt huge inside me. I felt the urge to rub my cunt as he explored my most private of orifices. I was so dripping wet that my hand was flooded with the combined cocktail of our mingled juices. I brought its fragrant perfume up to my nose and the more I smelled it, the more I became aroused and the faster I urged my quarry on. I rubbed my cunt with one hand while I bought my other hand to smell and finally to taste our mixed liqueur. I never stopped the convoy of our combined cum to my nose and mouth always wanting more. I was becoming more and more depraved with every passing second. My target was now furiously banging my butt and clasping at my waist and hipbones almost lifting me up off the cushions. I could feel the sweat from his face making rivulets down the crack of my ass and contributing to the lubrication needed there. 

I slid my finger down my clitoris and slowly pulled it up only to find an unexpected orgasm welling up inside me. With an animal cry I just kept on repeating one word that meant everything "Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, FUCK." My whole body gyrated and my loosened ass clenched around my lover's cock convulsingly. At the culmination of my mantra that was in pace with his thrusts he moaned loudly. His cock exploded in my tight rear, coating my insides with several jets of smooth hot cum. He half fell back and his penis once again wavered in the air as her sent his remaining seed down the crack of my ass to accompany his sweat. The torrent of cum lazily slid down my wide open cunt lips gathered at my sensitive clit, and dripped down onto the carpet from there. My clit jumped at every drop giving me small tremors of pleasure.

I collapsed on the cushions, my tender puckered flesh pleasantly sore from the rough sex it had experienced. I felt my sweat cooling my body and yet my ass remained blistering hot. My mark opened up the small refrigerator in a corner of the room and took out a silver plated bucket with a chilled bottle champagne in it. He brought the bucket near us and proceeded to caress the curves and slopes of my body with a small cube of ice. He paid special attention to my over-sensitive rear end, slowly cooling it down to near room temperature. The pop of the champagne cork awakened my warrior instincts and I stifled my combat training. I had to remind myself that call girls do not go into defensive rolls when startled. He deftly poured two glasses of bubbly with a proficient hand and handed one to me. "I propose a toast, " he said as he raised his glass. "To Pandora, may she not poison herself with her own lip gloss while drinking this glass of champagne. Well actually she did. The vaginal lip are also mucous membranes you know. Did our juices taste good my dear." 

A shiver went down my spine at that moment. If that was the case why wasn't I dead. I clenched my fist feeling it still wet from before. I touched my mouth. My lip gloss was wiped off from my lips. In my greed for sex I had swallowed the nerve agent along with our combined ejaculate. I felt my pupils widen as my eyes darted around the room for an escape or an improvised weapon. Why wasn't I dead? The champagne bottle caught my eye. I could easily stun him and escape through the window. About four other escape routes and methods of killing him followed suit. I was still in control as long as he didn't pull out a firearm; even then at this close range I still had good chances. "Don't worry, Pandora" he said "The gloss we gave you at the office was about as real as my eye color right now." He played at his eyes, rubbing them as if tired and a pair of contacts fell into his hands. His eyes went from a non-committal brown to piercing icy cyan. He dropped the disposable tinted contacts into a small waste basket. "I guess I should introduce myself now. Gregory Stallworthy, Human Resources Manager for the agency." He smiled at me with a wise ass grin. "I would like to thank you for one hell of a first day on the job." He kissed me fully on the lips upon completing his introduction.

"I wanted to see if you were as good as your impressive file says," he continued. I smiled back at him raising my eyebrows, asking "So…did I do well?" "You passed with flying colors, aside from that little poison mishap." he replied. I took a full glass of champagne in one swallow. He followed and refilled my glass.

"I would like to propose a second toast ," I said. "To getting to know the new boss!" Our glasses rang like clear crystal bells as they impacted.

"You know, there is still a full bottle of this stuff in the refrigerator and since it is paid for, it would be a shame to waste it." he stated. "A damn shame," I agreed as I nuzzled up to him. His arms wrapped themselves around my naked body and he spoke. "You mentioned something earlier about being an expert fellatrix, could we arrange for a demonstration of your skills?" I stroked at his well trimmed salt and pepper hair and looked into his clear blue eyes. "Good enough to turn your hair white!" I confidently replied.