 ~A big thank you to everyone who encouraged me and wanted to see another chapter! This one is for you.~ 

The first days with Asta were wild, getting to understand her race and how her body worked, or how powerful her body could be. Sometimes, like the time on the bus, were exhilarating. Other times, a little embarrassing. Exam times especially.

I had just started taking my exam in Astronomy for Non-Majors (I wish I had the guts to tell my teacher there was life on other planets, and I'd taken one to wife), and things were going pretty well. I rocked tests, so I didn't think I'd have too much to worry about. I was on a A,B,C,D kinda question so I'd stopped to think on the answer when I felt the blood going down to my dick. I glanced down, pretty confused because there's nothing sexy about dumbed-down astronomy. I reached down and adjusted my jeans a little, hoping that with a few more questions, it would simmer down.

Then, I felt someone else's fingers wrap around it, and I jerked nearly out of my seat. My classmates all turned to me. I stared back at them with wide eyes, then stamped my foot. "Spider. Sorry."

After a few snickers, everyone went back to their papers, and I sighed with no relief. I'd had Asta's hands around my cock enough times to know it was her fingers. My dick got stiff and pushed at my jeans. I got a little dizzy, but I kept enough focus to keep at my test. Her phantom fingers ran up my base, squeezed and tugged at me. I held back a groan, but fuck, it felt so good. Something in my mind clicked, and I realized she was jerking herself off at home. That made me even harder, and I squeezed my cock myself. Precum slipped out of my slit and dampened my boxers. My dick twitched its way out of my flap and grazed the cool back of my zipper.

"Dammit, Asta," I half-whispered, half-panted. Her hand moved down my shaft and palmed my head. I shuddered and thrusted a little in my chair. I sure hoped the guy behind me had fallen asleep. He was good for that.

I needed to finish this damned test and get out before I embarrassed myself in a few ways. I was bad at being quiet, and with the precum leaking out of me, if I came, I knew I'd have a huge wet spot on my crotch. I kept a tight grip on my dick and forced myself to stop fucking the air so I could think long enough to scribble down my answers. Asta was going insanely slow, her hand switching from the base of my dick to my head. I knew I was probably purple, the way my cockhead throbbed. My sac felt heavy and would be ready to burst soon.

When I finished with my test, I stood, ignoring the shocked glance of the girl next to me--I could fit a damned puppy in the tent I was making--and held my bookbag in front of me as I went to the front of the class to turn in my test. The teacher wished me a happy Summer, and I echoed his sentiment before making a calm but frantic dash for the door. The hall was empty, and I rested against a wall down the way and let out the moan I'd wanted to get out the whole time I was in there. My hips bucked at Asta's touches, still pretty slow, but getting a little tighter in grip. I thought I'd have time to get to my car, but another hand came to rest and rub my sac. She was on her pussy now, too. This was a new sensation for me. Normally, I'd only felt what she did to her lady dick. But this...

I moaned and grunted as I felt my sac start stirring. I was about to have a touch-free orgasm in a way I'd never imagined possible. I was now fucking the air with complete abandon. My legs went rigid as the first spurt rose up my shaft and into my jeans, hot and thick. Her hands were fast now on my shaft and my sac, and I strangled back a holler but kept bucking as the second and third spurts soaked my boxers and jeans, ran down my legs. I staggered out of the building and hurried as oddly as I could to my car, probably bruised my junk when I humped the side of the car for a second, because I couldn't control myself, I felt so fucking good. She slowed down a little, but as I climbed dizzily into my car, I realized she wasn't stopping.

I sped home, my dick getting hard again with Asta's slow massage of herself and me, and the closer I got to the house, the stronger I felt her. My sac filled again, ready to spill out my seed into what I didn't realize would be my jeans again when I parked. This time, I pulled my hard cock from my jeans and rubbed it furiously, fucked my hand and panted loud until I felt my seed boiling back up my shaft. I covered my dick with my shirt and bucked into it, feeling each rope of cum run up my chest and stomach. I was going to ravage Asta for this.

When I went inside, thankfully, Asta was right on the couch, her eyes closed, and her sweet pink mouth open to let her shallow breaths come through. She only had on a pair of white panties, and they were soaked with her pussy juices. The shaft of her feminine dick was outlined, and she palmed the head that rested just under her belly. Her hips writhed on the couch, and her breasts heaved, her nipples up and erect, ready for me to suck on. I startled her when I walked up and kissed her full on the mouth, but she put her fingers through my hair and welcomed my tongue with hers. I let my hand fall to her dick and rubbed the base as she took care of the head. I was coming again in my pants and was surprised I wasn't spent yet.

"What the fuck is happening to me?" I forced myself away to ask. Asta's hand immediately went to my softening cock, but it started waking back up with her touch.

"I think you call it a blue moon here?" She breathed, kneading at my damp crotch. "I only know a little about it, but it makes me highly aroused."

I nodded. "And by association, I'm coming in the middle of class."

Asta's eyes widened, and she blushed. "Oh, Jake, I'm so sorry..."

"Don't be, baby. I made it out before I could." I kissed her lips, her neck, and between her modest breasts, then moved to her erect nipples, licking and sucking on each as she worked at my zipper. The moment her hand was on me, my precum dribbled down her brown fingers, and she lubed me even more. "If I'm not in you in the next two seconds..."

Asta lifted her hips and pulled her soaked panties away from her hips. I pushed my jeans and boxers down in one motion, stepped out of them, and climbed onto the couch as Asta opened her legs for me. I cupped her left breast, tongue fucked the right one, and thrust into her, all the way to the hilt. Asta screamed her pleasure. She wrapped her legs around me as I moved in and out in fast, hard motions. Her folds were so tight and slick, I wondered how long she had been at masturbating before I started feeling it. Her long, slow caresses of herself had her walls already sucking at me as I bucked in and out.

"Harder, Jake," she urged, grabbing her girl dick and rubbing it fast and hard. I groaned at the sensation of her pulling at me from both ways and began pumping into her harder than I thought she could handle. But she arched her back and used her other hand to take over where I'd unconsciously stopped with her nipple.

"Asta, I can't hold this in," I moaned, my sac getting tighter and tighter as it slapped her ass. My dick got so hard I started seeing stars.

"Come in me, Jake," Asta cried. "I'm coming! I'm...uuhhhh!"

Her pussy gripped the cum from my dick, and I stayed pressed hard against her as each spurt came out in time with her own clear girl spunk. It hit her in long, gorgeous streams up her belly, between her breasts, and on her nipples. With each spurt, she let out short, overwhelmed cries, her hips bucking at my rigid hips. I started calming down as her walls relaxed around my dick. Finally exhausted, I fell gently against Asta, and she wrapped her arms around me, kissing me with a satisfied sigh. I ducked my head down to lick her nipples clean of her sweet girl cum and then rested my head.

I fell into a deep, exhausted sleep soon after, but when I woke up, her warm, soft mouth was around my dick. I smiled and ran my hands through her curls as she bobbed up and down. This was going to be a great week.