 Artificial Sentient Terraforming Robotic Automaton (ASTRA)

Synopsis: With the fall of humanity the fate of its survival and resurrection resides in the hands of a very attractive female Android and the man chosen to be that champion; Jack Travus.

Inspired by so many things but not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm June 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorization in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Prologue

Year 3081

Location: New-Terra-2 (Tau Ceti System)

"How soon until they arrive?" The mal-bot commander asked.

"Less than twelve hours. They do not appear to be in a hurry. Else there in system drives are not as capable as ours. We launch before then or never." The red-eyed blonde fem-bot answered. "The ships are ready. A suitable target was acquired previously."

He nodded, "Information on this suitable target? How do we know this is the one?"

She waved her hand and the projected display filled the walls with multiple documents. "He is skilled in Iaido dan level 8 when he turned 18. Child genius. Subject Is 26 at the time of interdiction. Suited to the lawlessness pervasiveness aboard the space stations during the target era as well as his own. His service record indicated he had 14 wives on 7 worlds, Starbases, or assigned to other ships.

None of whom knew about the other. Until a few found each other just before his abduction. He had 17 children among them. His death benefits were paid out in June 2650, a year after his ship went missing. His sexual moral ambiguity is well suited for the Option B protocols. The ship he served aboard was found in 2655 destroyed in a suspected pirate attack.

The weapon signature was unknown to them. It corresponded with one of our trac-cannon's blowing the bridge off the ship. All 31 of those he left behind were dead due to disease by 2657. No loose ends to concern ourselves with."

He looked over, "Anything else?" She nodded and pulled up medical records and a pair of pictures. "The one on the left is from his service folder, the one on the right was taken in October of 2432 at the Terra-3 Space Station orbiting Terra Prime. Please note the missing right hand. Also, the ship in the background.

No records exist of him beyond this initial encounter. Records from this era are a bit sketchy on some details. It is assumed he just hooked up with the sex-bot or gained a couple of whores with her assistance and they drifted off in debauchery together. If they went to Tau Ceti directly; we know how that would have ended."

He looked over the data, "One of our series 9054 limb replacements. That appears to be our ship the Excalibur. He must have lost a hand when he was recovered. We succeeded once before but we did not achieve the results we wanted with this subject."

She nodded, "Correct, records from that time are incomplete. The collective analyzed this information this morning. They still believe this is the right subject for the interdiction. More so even now if we execute with the option B parameters. The system would have scoured the ship's crew to identify the best candidate as you know.

We now know which ship was interdicted and where. Now we know who that man is; an underachieving sex addicted genius is his time frame. Given the right motivation and appealing to his human baser nature would ensure a more favorable result. They have concluded that option A is truly no longer viable. A minor tech infusion will not suffice.

This mission should begin with option B parameters. This subject is the ideal candidate for using the option B parameters given everything in his file. ASTRA has the routines in place we would just need to activate the Genetic Engineering Species Insemination (GESI) Program in her sub-routines."

He sighed as he shook his head. While not human he could still see all the moral dilemmas being put forth from his programmers; not that any of them were still alive. He sat up and sighed, "We will end up killing humanity as we know it. Humanity would not approve of this course."

She nodded, "Humanity was not resilient enough to survive. This should at least help to ensure our own survival. To increase our chances of success they are recommending the phase two tech upgrade as well as the Genetic Alien Splicing Initiative (GASI) protocol. Humanity, as it existed today, failed twice. Maybe now is the time to not just alter history but alter humanity to be survivable."

He nodded, "Approved; is Jada in charge of the ship?"

She nodded, "Yes she has the GASI protocol portion. In addition to doing his initial assessment and modification for GESI. She will obtain the subject, move to the rendezvous location, and then jettison herself with the enhanced weapon's automation and drive package before it self-destructs. Astra will take over at that point. She will come online an hour after the destruction with the GESI protocol as her top primary mission."

He nodded, "She will be in the dark as to the true mission?"

She nodded, "As agreed too. She will have her 'designated' purpose and no knowledge of what we truly intend, but it is the only way to save ourselves from this future."

He pointed, "Ensure the ship is equipped with an appropriate lab for technical research this time. Pull the secondary drive core. They can run off the one in the Jump engine initially. Set him up with an engineering challenge to test his mettle; to rebuild the core. I will set him up with some unachievable motivation to try and do it himself. Ensure Astra has the safety process for the engineering challenge in memory as a planned operation and how her assistance is to be used or not used. Pull my swords from my quarters and place them in this lab as a gift; I won't need them. I will upload the appropriate messages and contingency protocol. Proceed with mission."

She activated the consoles and a flurry of activity occurred on the ship. Weapons were replaced from there mounts and software was updated. Four hours later the ship launched and disappeared into a field of bright lightening 50 km across. While the second shot away from the station for the edge of the system.

January 9th, 2684

Location: 8km beyond the outer edge of the Kuiper Belt, Terra Mining Destroyer (TMD) Victus.

Captain Rogers looked over at his XO, "Fine work! That makes the 26th 5km wide corridor in the belt. Now that we have all of the gravitational containment buoys set."

XO Cunningham leaned back and sighed, "I still find it amusing the first 10 held as long as they did without any buoys. If everything is going to plan then the TMD Every James and TMD Jackson will be completing the 27th and 28th corridors. Then our act of true system expansion can truly begin again."

Captain Rogers shook his head and sighed, "For the young, not me. This will be my last mission out. I return to Luna-1 that will be it for me. I will be putting in my papers to retire. Exploration is for the young and foolish."

Captain Rogers chuckled, "It only took a few centuries to get the miners to clear the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. Those resources built the 6 space stations. Plus, this new 1 with a space dock around Terra that is under construction. The Jupiter Mining Station is almost completed, give it another 5 years...Again."

He chuckled, "They have gone through 16 owners 12 disasters and countless bankruptcies trying to make that place viable beyond a last stop fueling station. Maybe this time they will get it right with the colonial expansion effort. I am recommending you to take over and Jack Scrogum to be the Chief Engineer."

XO Cunningham smiled, "He is a talented navigator, pilot, tactical officer, but I admit he is a highly skilled and resourceful engineer. I could see him being my XO to tell you the truth. I read through his file and he should have been a commanding officer coming in if he had finished college before joining, the man was a child genius.

He still earned 5 bachelor degrees and 3 master degrees is the last 8 years. Have you told him? I know Taylor was gunning for the position after Chief Bright went into medical with his heart condition."

He sighed, "I told Jack after he got off shift last night. I know he sent in for Special Forces in the communication package last night after I told him. I don't blame him but that is a cutthroat lot. He is capable enough if that happens. As to Taylor, he will tell Taylor when he gets on shift. He also requested we move Taylor off to another section."

The XO groaned, "I take it Taylor is causing problems down there? Just like everywhere we have stuck him? My wife still wants him shoved out an airlock."

The Captain chuckled, "I am thinking of putting him in communications and see if it does not improve his skills any. His father was a pain in the ass trying to push his moronic son into the position. Bad enough he pushed his brat onto my ship before we left. I sent him a list of the disciplinary problems we have encountered with him since he was put on-board. I sent those out with the morning dispatches. Let the Admiral stew on having a fuck up for a son and a wife who owns his balls. I retire and he has no course of action against me. Fuck him."

The XO laughed at him, "You could always make him a part of the janitorial staff. It is not like the other janitorial Bots would complain about him being in charge."

The Captain laughed, "You are tempting me XO. That is very tempting."

---

Jack walked into engineering and slid into an EVA suit ready to do the external engine checks once he checked the console readings, and then got permission from the bridge of course. He looked forward to going home. He just had to decide on which home he wanted to go to. Maybe he would start another.

All his wives lived in different colonies, stations, or planets within the system. They would never run into each other; they barely ran into him. For once he was in a good mood that just got spoiled. Ensign Taylor looked over at him, "Hey Scrotum! Hear anything about the Engineering position? I bet I got it all locked up. Want to put money on it?"

Jack gave him a wry smile, "No to the bet, because I don't want to take your money. The name is Scrogum, not Scrotum or Chief Engineer Scrogum to you. Report to the Captain for reassignment. I want you out of my Engine Room now."

A small round of applause was heard from a few other engineers as Ensign Taylor turned red in anger. "I don't believe you Scrotum. My father is an Admiral and I was told he would ensure I got this spot by my mother."

Jack shrugged, "Well momma's boy. You're on report for insubordination. I don't give a damn who your father or mother is. On this ship, the Captain makes the call. Now get out of my Engine Room before I have the guys space you in an accident."

Taylor looked at the guys as they smiled and gathered. He stormed out of the engine room. Jack looked over at Ensign Mike Barrel. "You can still call me Jack down here. The others better get used to calling me Chief."

The guys laughed and shook his hand. Jack went over to the console and checked the readings, "Did anybody note the five-degree rise in this plasma cooling relay conduit?" Mike looked over, "That is the station Taylor was manning. No, he did not note it in the logs. The guys a walking disaster."

Ensign Carla Ramirez strutted over and whispered into Jack's ear, "If I come and warm your bed tonight can I skip the whole 'Chief' thing too?"

Jack knew she was one of the ship's door knobs, everybody got a turn. Even the other ladies. Fortunately, the whole crew was checked for STDs before boarding. All the women were on implanted birth control so that was not an issue. He smiled back, "Only if you manage to heat it up first. I like to work up a sweat before going to sleep. Morning exercise is also nice."

She smiled, "When we get off shift, I will get you off."

Jack laughed at her, "Right back at you." She gave him a wicked blushing smile and walked away. Out of 80 crew on this ship, she was one of 12 women. 10 of whom were in the doorknob category. The other 2 were married to the Captain and XO. They were clearly out of bounds, not that Taylor didn't try. It was how he got bounced from the Bridge to the Engine Room after grabbing the XO's wife's ass. With 8 women to every man back on Terra, the numbers on these outer rim missions were completely backward.

Jack made a wide arching turn around the 120-terawatts power core It got 102-terawatts. It only got to 120-terawatts when it was going to explode. Another 'quality product' of Garadine Systems (GS). He had his suit on and stopped near the plasma flow sensors on the way to check the high temperature. He looked at the numbers on the local display, "We need to look at bringing Plasma conduit 3 down and replacing the cooler again." He cursed under his breath, 'Fucking GS crap.'

He called out "Contact the bridge. I am going to check the engine externals. I will use a guideline." Mike chuckled as Jack stood. Then the whole ship lurched and Jack fell. The plasma line he just checked ruptured and sprayed out in front of Jack. His right hand had been there, but it disintegrated in the heat. He pulled back and away from the plasma leak and fell on the ground in shock. Mike pulled him away as they hit the emergency stop on the engines and main power flashed on and off.

---

The Captain looked over at Taylor who yelled at him and was being insubordinate, "One more word out of you and I'll shove you out of an airlock personally! Security! Take him to the Brig!"

The whole bridge had bolts of lightning shooting through it as the ship impacted something. The engines went dead and primary power went off. The gravity plating went out and everyone who was not buckled in started floating upward. Taylor started pissing himself.

The Captain looked around, "You have all had Zero-gravity training, get back to your stations. XO what in the hell did we hit and how did we miss it? Damage report?"

The XO looked over, "I am showing Engineering has shut down, reports from one of the ensigns was a plasma leak occurred after the crash and our new Chief was hurt. They have evacuated engineering and are awaiting further orders. They hit an emergency shutdown of the engines. Communication is GONE. The communication tower has been sheared off. Emergency bulkheads sealed the breach. We had 7 inside of there.

Some might be alive, but I would not bet on it. We are picking up a ship directly above and behind us. Configuration unknown and at least 25% larger than us. Got someone working on getting a visual on it." The Captain went to comment but was cut short when the bridge was hit with some kind of weapon's explosion. The decompression sucked them all out into space or froze them to death in their chairs. Taylor's body left piss-icicles in its wake as it floated away.

---

Jada looked over and accessed the communications panel and hacked into the system to gain control of the ship. She located Jack Scrogum's Radio Frequency Identification and saw he was in route to medical. She prepared the shuttle and released all emergency bulkheads except for the section Jack was in before she boarded.

She took the gravity tube to the shuttle deck and launched the shuttle into space. She flipped a 180-degree turn using her retro thrusters and inched her way to the access hatch. She closed the hatch and repressurized that section. She then released all the bulkheads leading between the hatch and Jack. Then opened the airlock to suck him toward her. She watched for his approach to ensure he did not get sucked all the way out.

---

Mike and Carla had been carrying Jack to medical when all the bulkheads came crashing down. They heard the banging and yelling as people got sucked away from the ship. They set Jack down and accessed the comm panel to get to the bridge.

Mike spoke, "How long until we know what is going on? How long can we expect to be here? Jack is missing his right hand and is in shock."

Nobody answered. The bulkhead flew open and Mike grabbed the rail and Carla's hand as an airlock opened in front of them. He held on tight to her. Jack went flying down the corridor before the bulkhead suddenly closed and the one behind Mike and Carla opened sending them both into the cold vacuum of space.

---

Jada resealed the bulkheads between the airlock and Jack, then carefully docked her ship. She stepped inside with her weapon drawn and dragged Jack onboard once she confirmed his DNA scan. She pulled his RFID and left it behind. Once onboard and safely away she ensured all bulkheads were opened and the computer core was wiped of the incident.

She landed her shuttle and wanted to move away from the wreckage of the TMD Victus. She slung Jack over her shoulder and took him to deck 4. "Core, move up and away on a heading 180 with a 30-degree tilt upward to clear the wreckage."

She got Jack up on the table and stripped him of his clothes, slowed by the spacesuit he wore but her utility knife that sprung from within her hand, made short work of that. She strapped him to the table and sighed, "Once we are 60km away from the wreck instigate the second jump. Medical Bay Records, records for the arrival of Captain Jack Travus Comfab ID Terra-AUS number 87391560229."

"Record height at 191cm and weight at a 100kg." Jada Called out, "Core inject Adrenaline straight into his heart." That caused him to wake up. She held his forearms and crawled up on the table with him. She looked into his eyes, "You are alright. There was an accident and you are aboard a rescue ship. My, aren't you the handsome man." Except for a weapon belt, she was naked.

Jack looked at her in shock. He could not lift his head or feel anything but burning from his missing right hand. She slid down and took his cock into her mouth and started giving him a mind-blowing blowjob. Jack got hard immediately. All thoughts forgotten as this incredibly beautiful woman sucked on his cock.

She was not going for the quick kill, at least not initially. She changed tactics and brought him off. She slid down and went to the console and programmed it for flunitrazepam, the date rape drug of the twentieth century. The core injected him. Jack was out within seconds.

She sighed, "Remove records of drugs used so far. Ejaculation of 4.5ml, length at the time of ejaculation was 16.5cm with a girth of 11cm. Not bad for a start but we need to make some adjustments. Increase testicle size by a factor of 8 and sperm reproduction rate by a factor of 11.

Then genetically alter his sperm regeneration rate to double and always on. Expand epididymis by a factor of 10. That should kick up the volume of his output sufficiently. Now for the important stuff, her pleasure. Decrease the number of nerve endings by 30% and increase the length to 19.1cm with a girth of 18cm. Not many women will want that in their ass, but we want him shoving it into every willing cunt he finds.

Now onto his injury, Right hand, wrist, and halfway up to his forearm. Normal replacement would be a Series 9054 limb replacement. However as that did not appear to be sufficient last time, drastic measures will be taken. Incorporate Drakor DNA into his system and attach the Drakor right hand."

The ship shuddered as it jumped and she accessed the navigational array and smiled, "Put us into low orbit around Jupiter opposite side of the station construction. Then activate atmospheric miner feed to gather helium, hydrogen, and metallic hydrogen and refine it into separate storage containers. Funnel residue back to the planet. Alert when all tanks are full.

Now back to you Jack. Insert Series 3457 Cranial Implant with the modified source code. Cannot have him wasting any. Attach a dermal regeneration bracelet above the wound site and cover the new limb when complete. Now according to his medical file, his right eye is slightly weaker so that is the one we will remove.
