 Artificial Sentient Terraforming Robotic Automaton (ASTRA)

Synopsis: With the fall of humanity the fate of its survival and resurrection resides in the hands of a very attractive female Android and the man chosen to be that champion; Jack Travus.

Inspired by so many things but not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm June 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorization in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

-

Grace looked at him, "That Admiral was fit to be tied." He nodded, "I know." Vincent smiled, "I knew him when he an XO on a battleship. He hated fighter jocks. Expect him to pull something." Jack smiled, "I know, we never discussed the live, just need to be deployed, 6x streaming lasers. They will drop any shields of any surprise bogies."

Vincent looked at Jack as they walked, "My daughter seems happy." Jack nodded to him, "I believe she is happy. We are all happy to have her. She was the first one I married and she is a lovely woman." He got to deck 8 and got into Merlin and powered up, "Astra, ready to launch Merlin." She responded, "Shuttle Bay door for you." He took off and called out, "Terra-4 Searching for one fighter pilot. Call signs Death Blossom. I have orders to pick them up. This is MERLIN TPS-497042."

He heard, "Merlin this is Crazy Eights. Did you get orders to pick her up? From who?" He smiled, "Crazy Eights, Admiral Stiller and the President. Good news is you will be back with Wildcard unless they team you up with another rookie." He laughed, "They will. The new pilots only fly for 10-day windows out of every 30 days." He smiled, "Wildcard she is grounded for now. Where do I pick her up?"

He laughed, "This has to do with you getting into it with her?"

He laughed, "Crazy Eights, something like that. I think she kicked a hornet's nest." He laughed, "Better her than me. She is headed to military dock on Terra-5 now." He headed toward Tera-5, "Wildcard, need permission to pick them up from that dock." He laughed, "Talk with the tower. The wing commander won't like it." He laughed, "The wing commander can tell me himself. Face-to-face on that dock.

Terra-5 this is Merlin headed for Military Dock to pick up a fighter pilot." He heard back, "Merlin this is Terra-5 tower. Use civilian bays." Jack laughed out, "Terra-5, If I use civilian bays I will dock Excalibur there for the next week. This is Jack Travus. You ready for the security nightmare?"

"Merlin this is Terra-5 tower stand by for their wing commander."

He heard, "This is wing commander at Terra-5. What right do you think you have to use a military dock?" He replied, "Wing Commander if I could have your name and call sign, I will have my authority contact you personally. I just finished talking with the President." She tried his patients, "Wing command Felson here. Dragon Lady." He hit the message and the President came up. "Hello again. Problem?"

He laughed, "Yes, my pilot is on Terra-5 and the wing commander does not want me using the military dock. The last time I used civilian docks we had a riot on Terra-3. Could you contact her and smack her in her iron pants to submit to this reasonable request? Else I can park Excalibur at the dock for the next 7 days." He laughed, "You would too. I just sent a message to the Wing commander. You are cleared to use that dock to prevent a riot on the station."

He nodded, "Thank you, Mr. President. I tried to be nice." He laughed and disconnected. "This is Merlin to Wing Command. Did you get your orders yet?" He could tell she was pissed, "Tower, "Clear Merlin to make a brief stop at the military dock. Pad 4."

He got a glide path and flew in behind a pair of fighters while he went in and landed on PAD 4. He opened the door and saw armed military members standing there. They looked, "You are not cleared to be here." He looked over at him, "Talk to the Wing Commander who just got ordered by the President." He saw a woman walking across the area who was ready to spit nails. She looked at Jack, "What do you want Merlin?" He looked at her, "For starters some damned respect. The President asked me to get a pilot call sign Death Blossom."

She sighed, "What for?" He shook his head, "As far as you are concerned you do not have a need to know. Now find me the rookie pilot or you can explain yourself to the President because you have started to piss me off, lady."

She looked at him, "This is my hangar. When I am aboard your aircraft. You can talk to me that way!" He nodded, "Challenge accepted."

He reached out mentally and whipped her into his craft and sat her in the chair. "Now do I get that pilot or contact the president? The guards tried to enter the craft and bounced off a wall. She looked out, "Stand down. Get the pilot." She looked, "How in the hell did you do that?" He looked outside to two fighters sitting on the pad out there and picked them up and moved them by the guards. He looked at her, "Much easier than that."

She looked at him, "You are a piece of work." He nodded, "As are you. He looked out and the girl was there. He waved her out. "I'll be off your deck in just a minute." She got on board and he closed the door. He hit the button and turned off his transponder. "Hold tight." He turned and launched out of her bay and drove straight down. She looked at him, "That is above port speed." He looked over, "Really?" She laughed at him as he angled the ship, "What are doing?"

He smiled, "Bouncing off the atmosphere." He bounced off, powered down and drifted below Terra-4. She looked, "What did that do?" He smiled, "We have no power signature. Only a visual observation will see us. As far as they saw we headed into the atmosphere. They cannot track beyond it with the sensors they currently have. Once we are close enough Astra will open the doors and swallow the shuttle. We will hit the retros to stabilize and land."

She looked, "They are going to expect us back?" He shook his head, "Not for 2 weeks." She sighed, "I will lose the 7 days of flying I have left?" He shook his head, "No you will be learning to fly." She looked at him, "Explain?" He smiled, "You will be flying 5x craft for the next 2 weeks. You will be my wingman. I am going to teach you to fly your ass off. You have been selected for a series of live fire exercises."

She looked at him like he had two heads, "You will be flying one of my fighter mock-ups against 12 fighters at speed. Once we are down to 2, we will drop to 1x and engage the last 2. They will try and take your shields down and then hit your armor. That is not going to happen. You will be firing a pair of rail guns loaded with rounds of metallic paint.

We are going to paint it pink. Then we are going to land. We will switch to live ammo and new rail guns. Then fly the Death Valley course and head to the Mojave range and blow the crap out of it without them hitting your armor. There you can fly at speed. You will fire until you cannot fire, they hit your armor, or I recall you.

I got the president to sign off on this after the Admiral and General did not like my fighter design. The Admiral said it was too big. Just too big." She shook her head as they approached the Excalibur and he used retros to land the shuttle." He looked at her, and pulled out the pad and showed her the fighter and the gun complement.

She got a big ass grin on her face. "You made it so I can stomp on Crazy Eights for setting me up against you. Also, Wildcard!" He nodded, "Call signs are Lancer-1 and Lancer-2. You are Lancer-2.

---

The next week was a whirlwind of activity. The computers arrived, the engines installed, systems wired, cores put in place. Point defense software was installed and the algorithms modified. Jack taught Lauren to fly her ass off. He had Sprits play bait to teach moves. He had to get Red Mouser and the rocket moved to the cargo bay when assembly started.

Then got Ash and Danyelle to practice in the new scout. Getting them to fight just as he would do it against destroyers and battleships. He gave specific orders if anything big came into play to take out, shields, retros, Rail guns, and missile batteries with, laser batteries last. He just did not trust the Admiral.

Lancer 1 and 2 finished on day 8, Lancer 3 on day 9. They were wired, new weapons were in place, weapons installed and set up for the live fire. They checked the metallic paint ammo five times with the guns and got the exact shade of pink he wanted, a neon bubble-gum pink. The guns worked flawlessly. All other weapons were tested to make sure they were live. He set the PD lasers to fry their paint but that was it.

He looked at them "The Admiral throws something do not purse or move from your target, Stay on my wing. If anything, use the stations for cover. Ash and Danyelle will find the trouble maker and bring it to its knees. Sprits will aid them with Lancer-3."

The ladies all nodded at him. He ran her through the shield configurations. "Down, shield-1. All the way up shield-2. When one is up the other is fast charging. If you need to switch do it while out of their range. Before dropping to 1x get to a clean shield. Once you are done, we will land on the Excalibur. We swap out rail guns, install fresh ammo, button up after fixing the lasers.

The Excalibur will move us closer to the planet while we do this. They will be parked between 4 and 5. We will come up from the dark side of the moon. I will inform the president that enemy fighters are making a run on Terra-5. You know what to do. We have no transponders on the fighters.

We are bogies, fast movers, I will call out Tranquility if I need us to lead them toward the moon. I will call out Robin Hood if I need King Arthur and Lancer-3 to deploy with no ID. I will give you a location. Your targets would be obvious. Else you keep the fight right where they would launch from.

Astra, you got voice synthesizers on all our craft and a private communication channel for us to communicate. If they have not gotten in the air we move to the hangar and that is the shooting gallery. Work outside edges in. Fly past, spin, angle and blast them one at a time you got speed and range. Leave Wildcard and Crazy Eights for last.

Pulse laser Gatling cannons, point defense and rail guns all have to be adjusted before the range and we want to be in route in under 30 minutes." It was 3 hours before the exercise and they launched out as one. The 3 fighters below the shuttle to mask their approach. He called out, "Lancer-3 use call Sign Maid Marian."

She laughed as did the others. They circled around slowly until Excalibur was in position. He called up the President who was in his office with the Admiral and General. He nodded to them, "Mr. President. You got two untagged fast movers approaching Terra-5 in less than 2 minutes. I hope they are ready. Lancer-1 and Lancer-2 are ready." The President nodded, "Proceed."

"Light them up. I will be flying Lancer-1. We have Ash and Danyelle on the scout waiting for the double-cross. We got another surprise if that happens as well. The scout will have its id on, for now."

He listened to the chatter, "Two bogies inbound." He heard, "From where?" He watched them and kept an eye open for sensor readings.

---

"Lancer-1 going weapons hot. Counting only 4 fighters in the air. Stay on target Lancer-2." He heard, "Who is talking out there? This is Terra-5 we are picking up two fast-moving spacecraft. No ID on them. Please get a visual." Lauren did as Jack showed her. They flew past and twisted. Blasting the fighters with pink paint. One of the pilots yelled out, "I cannot see shit. My canopy is trashed in pink paint!" A second one followed suit, "Tower, I need an instrument landing. Cannot see shit." That was followed by 3 and 4 as they circled back in. They looked and saw nothing in the air. "Lancer 2, proceed to shooting gallery."

The two fighters went to the military docks and started firing into the docks at the craft still on the ground painting them left and right with personnel jumping to get out of the way. "Tranquility." He watched to see what would happen and the Admiral did not disappoint. "We got 24 fighters coming out of the main docks from Terra-4 and another set from Terra-5. Lancers 2. They grew the party for us, we have 48 fresh ducks to pluck. Neutralize all targets. More ducks in the barrel."

He saw a pair of battleships coming from Terra-6. "Robin Hood, Terra-6!" They stayed together and blasted past the fighters taking them out 3 or 4 at a time.

He contacted the president. He smiled, "How goes it?" Jack laughed, "We will deal with the 48 fighters. The 2 battleships will have to deal with the Robin Hood and Maid Marian. My scout and Lancer-3. They are not firing paint!"

He looked at me, "You are going to fire on them?" Jack smiled, "They fire on the fighters they will be without shields and then without weapons. Starting with their rail guns. The admiral can change the rules then so can I. Scout transponders is off and is engaging."

Ash had the pilot seat and Danyelle the copilot. As they shot toward the Battleships. They punched it across the area and watched to see what the two battleships would do. The Battleships turned their guns toward the scout and Ash took evasive action as Jack had taught her. She bolted left dove under and the shots went past her.

Sprits shot high to divide the fire. They had not adjusted for the speed of the craft. They flew in using one battleship to block the other as Ash flew by and twisted. They blew out their shields and the second one's shields. Ash called out, "Battleships stand down or be destroyed." She circled around Terra-5. Sprits flew under them. Missiles launched and her PD lasers destroyed the missiles as they came out of the barrels.

She flew toward the moon to try and pull the battleships away. She called out, "Maid Marian, missile launchers ate themselves on both battleships as they fired at my PD weapons." Astra looped her into the conference. "Mr. President. Do I start taking out hardware or do they turn around?"

He looked over, "The admiral is not backing down." She nodded, "How are our fighters doing?" The president laughed, "They seem to be having a problem tracking them." She came over the top of the station and aimed down. She blasted through one and then the second rail gun on the battleship. She caught some laser fire but was not worried with 76% shields left.

She shot out the other two rail guns then circled down behind them. She saw a 20-meter gap between the 2 and flew in. Danyelle redirected the PD weapons to take out retro thrusters on both sides. Danyelle did not get them all. Ash spun and gunned it.

Danyelle got the last of them as they hit her shields but they no longer had thrusters on those sides. "Mr. President, BS-1 is without aft thruster. BS-2 is without starboard thruster. Both have no missiles racks or rail-guns as the missiles fired on lancer-3. The missile racks ate there own missiles from her point defense weapons ate them for lunch. I melted down the rail guns. Next is heavy lasers. Ask the admiral if this scout should continue to pulverize his 2 battleships."

---

Sprits went into low power mode after circling the Moon. She awaited direction if another ambush showed. Finally, she powered up and gunned it back toward the Battleships seeing nothing new.

---

Ash did not get an answer. and shot up along the outside of the first one and shot out all the retro thrusters, PD weapons and then laser cannons on that side. She dropped under as her shields hit 2%, Danyelle flipped the switch and was at a hundred percent again on the secondary shields. The scout had 3 sets of shields.

She went in between the base and the other battleship and blew off all the retro thrusters and PD weapons on that side. The battleship fired and missed a lot and hit the station with a few shots "Mr. President. Port and starboard point-defense weapons are destroyed on both battleships. As are the retro thrusters on both sides of the battleships. Your battleship hit Terra-5 with heavy lasers fire."

The president looked at Ash, "They are saying they saw blue laser from your ship hit the station."

Ash laughed, "Lancers all have red lasers. Just the kind of thing Jack wanted to avoid. All the weapons on the scout are dark purple Mr. President. The only blue laser fire is your friendlies."

Check the cameras on Terra-5 external from the dock, Pylon 7. Firing on engines. They need to be replaced anyway. You see me?" He nodded, "Yes." She opened fire and shot out 1 then 2 then 1 and 2 on the next ship. "Any blue laser fire Mr. President?" He shook his head, "No. I am ordering the battleships to stand down before you punch a hole into the engine room. "Lancer-1, status."

Jack laughed, "Still fast moving. There are eight behind me. Lancer-2?" She chuckled, "Only 4 left behind me. I am approaching his 8 fast and hot.

She spun and shot out the canopy on three of them, before spinning back, "Down to 5 in his set. "Lancer-1 was headed back in the other direction. "I just took out 2 more. What the hell. That battleship just tagged my shields. They are at 20% moving past them." Ash moved in front of the two battleships and called out, "To the two battleships. You were ordered by the President to stand down.

Failure to comply will have to evacuate your bridges next power down weapons or I will take lethal measures." Lancer-3 Shot back into the fight and parked at point blank range on BS-2' Bridge, "This is Maid Marian and if you don't stand down, I will bitch slap your bridge." She pushed the shield against the outer portion o f the bridge for emphasis. She hovered. "Lancer-1. Shields up?" He replied, "Totally up, no damage switched to secondary shields. Coming past again. Ash backed away from BS-1 to see what they would do. BS-2 powered down facing Sprits' threat to blow the bridge away.

BS-1 did not. Ash moved over and lined up with the heavy laser cannons to keep them from shooting the fighters. They fired on the scout. The scout took the hit to the shields at point blank range. Ash blew the cannons away and shot them down to the hull went to the side and repeated on the other battery. Then parked 2 meters off the bridge, "Test me again asshole!"

She saw three fighters coming in. "Fighters your activity is about to turn deadly. You are flying into HOT point defense weapons that are automated and will tear you to pieces if you do not stay out of the battleship fight."

Two turned, one fighter did not. The PD weapons blew his engine off. Ash spun as they got hit and Danyelle snared it with a tractor beam a meter from the bridge of the crew. Sprits came over and latched onto the fighter, "I have the fighter, You watch the bad boys. You got the bigger guns."

Danyelle dropped her tractor beam. Sprits pulled off at full speed into the fighter bay and set the fighter down inside the Terra-5 military dock. She hit the PA, "Your fighter interfered in a battle with us and 2 battleships during this exercise. He got hit by PD weapons. Make sure he is alright. One friendly fighter disabled and captured by the tractor beam. Before it crashed into a battleship bridge!"

Ash chimed in, "The fighter wreckage has been taken to Terra-5 military Dock. He was warned off, 2 others listened. One did not. I would start docking the Admirals pay for every weapon he is forcing us to destroy. You might be able to afford a new set of ships the way he is going."

The President walked over to the Admiral and was yelling at him. Jack called out, "Terra fighters, Call signs." There were four left. "Wildcard and Eightball are together. Weasel and Magnet are together. We are having our asses handed to us.

Correction. Weasel and Magnet are both tore up. They are covered in black soot and pink pain and headed for the dock." Jack called out, "Lancer-1 and -2 are dropping down to 1x speed and engage last remaining pair."
