 Artificial Sentient Terraforming Robotic Automaton (ASTRA)

Synopsis: With the fall of humanity the fate of its survival and resurrection resides in the hands of a very attractive female Android and the man chosen to be that champion; Jack Travus.

Inspired by so many things but not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm June 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorization in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

- 

Jack looked at her, "Why? She sighed, "The girl has refused to take the cure. She is deaf and mute from the injuries she sustained. She can only see out of one eye. She worked in a small farming village and some guerrilla fighters tortured and raped the hell out of her. She sent an impassioned plea to become a hybrid. To learn to fight off these kinds of evil men.

She wants a husband with a lot of wives so she can look to watch over the growing children and work a farm. She has no ship skills. She knows English. As well as several middle eastern dialects. The World Government has been ineffective at stopping the fighting."

Jack looked at her, "She sent you photos. Show me." She pulled up the photos of the woman. 27 years old, no children due to injuries. Scarred and battered. Jack sighed, "Show Katlyn if she would give up a hand for this woman?" Grace walked out while he dried off. She came back in, "In a bloody heartbeat."

Jack nodded, "I will start with my blood. I will not go into any discussion of marriage until she understands and can talk with me. We have no psych profile for this woman. She cannot, 'Tell us who she is and what she is about.' If she wants to go back down there and kill every guerilla down there. Take a pad for communication. If she is red with this mindset, I will not make her a hybrid. That means you will have to do oral on her while I bang you and Sprits will watch her eyes. Do you agree to my terms?" She nodded, "Yes, but why are you so hard on this one?"

He sighed, "I know what war can do to people. Especially those on the ground. How is she going to take on a husband after being raped and tortured? Why do you think I want to keep advanced weapons out of the hands of the enemy? Don't you find that the least bit odd? Farming and raising kids; a colonist. From a deaf-mute? We need to know her better first.

Remember, those who would attack other humans for no reason, a radical idea to change the world. That is what they would call me. But I do not attack without a reason. She must agree to the rules and the code beforehand. Aiko will let us know if she is trying to deceive us.

If she passes those things, we get her to become a hybrid. We have a lot of distrust already. I don't want a loose cannon."

Grace and Sprits both nodded their understanding. He asked, "How do we get ahold of her?" She shook her head, "We got GPS coordinates. The Terra military considers it a local government issue and is strictly staying out of the hot zone."

He sighed, "Nothing odd about GPs coordinates for a meeting?" He rolled his eyes, got dressed in a uniform, and his battle armor with his pair of pistols.

"I need a strike team of our marines, 4 squads to secure the landing zone. With a squadron of fighters. My shuttle with hybrids only. We are going into an active war zone. Get topography.

Aiko look it over. Assign out squads landing and entry points. All ships will have ID's off during this operation. We respond to no towers for requests for identification. They cannot catch us. We get in the hot zone any weapons fired on will be returned in kind and with deadly accuracy."

She sighed as he made it to his shuttle while waiting for the ladies to get it organized and ready to go. He pulled up the line to the President and the operator stopped for a second. Sorry, sir did not recognize you in battle armor, I will put you through." He looked over and nodded, "My wife likes the sword you gave her." 

He nodded, "Lots of practice. That is not why I am calling. I am getting ready to launch an extraction operation out of a war zone that the Terran Global military and your government has determined is a local matter. As such I am not asking for your permission. I am just warning you that you might hear something. 

All my ships will be traveling with ID's off and if fired upon will return fire. We will work to avoid any interdiction locations. We are working the best entry window for where we want to go. Have you found your Admiral yet?"

He sighed, "I have 10 candidates in front of me. I know this will become a hornet's nest but you are doing an extraction?" Jack sent him just a photo of the woman. He shook his head, "I officially disapprove this action for one person. I unofficially wish you the best of luck at getting this one out of there and get the help she needs."

Jack nodded, "Understood, you still have politics to deal with. Back to the admirals. When I bring your wife home, I would like to interview these admirals with my lawyer Grace and my wife Aiko. As we own the 6 space stations where they are building their ships, as well as the Jupiter, Titan, and Saturn operations. I wanted to get a feel for how well they would work to protect these civilian facilities that are keeping their ships up, upgraded, and functional. I will even wear a suit.

I will let them know I am not picking the candidate for this job; I am just, after 3 bad admirals, kind of concerned and wish to provide my input to the process for a change to protect my collective assets." He laughed at that, "I actually like that idea. You do have a hold of a lot of resources that they use; quite inexpensively I might add as they are able to get big things like engine replacements done in half the time. The manufacturers of those bigger ships have been very impressed with the facilities you put in place at a tremendous cost. The fact you are not trying to recoup the costs in the facility usage surprised them happily I might add."

Jack nodded, "Going dark sir." He nodded as Jack ended the call, "This is Admiral Jack Travus to all stations. I just confirmed I still have operational control. A small number of Home Guard craft are going to shoot through the area shortly. They will not be responding to hails and will not be squawking ID's they are undergoing an operation for me. Fighters do not interdict this group of aircraft as they have been given orders to fire if fired upon. Before you ask, I informed the President of my action before contacted you We are going comms dark on this matter starting now."

He flipped to the private channel, "Astra give us the best glide path to our target area to avoid any Tower controls." She sighed, "You are landing in an area where 3 TCs are claiming air superiority." He looked over, "Add a second Squad of fighters. All fighters and landing craft have transponder off. Squadron leader and then landing team confirm. They are off and you are a go for launch."

He listened to the 13 response. He had 4 of his own children flying. "Operational rules I will declare to those 3 towers that I am establishing a 30 km area of air superiority over the area for 3-6 hours. If they have military assets to waste against the toughest fighters ever made then they will be shot down; no exceptions. Any ground assets that fire on my troops or craft will be exterminated with extreme prejudice.

No further transitions will be made or acknowledged in this matter. Launch and form up on me. Stay on our private band. Military target only. If a civilian target fires on you get the footage and damage it first without killing if possible. Astra be ready to take control of those planes and fly them away from the fight. Else we will destroy them only if fired upon. Any stealth targets are fair game.

He flew in a tight pattern with nobody interfering in his launch. This area had a lot of jungle. They came in high and did an almost 90-degree assent toward the area. One of the towers called out, "unidentified aircraft, you are approaching the Sovereign airspace of Yassif, our walking Muhamad."

Jack responded, "All towers, I am transmitting a GPS coordinate location. I am setting up an air and ground cap over that area. For the next 3-6 hours of 30km. Any attack will bring the offending craft a fiery death as you encounter the best human fighters and best-trained pilots. Our ground forces have orders to shoot to kill on any attacks launched at us. 

We have sensors that can detect their heartbeats and if they are carrying weapons. They should be standing down or moving out of this area. Any that move toward my landing site will be taken out from the air. This goes for all parties in this conflict. No further transition will be given or acknowledge so inform your bosses they can lose forces or give me my window of time."

He had fighters moving in from three different directions into that area. Astra sent him a message *I cannot connect to any of those fighters. Their computers are foreign to me. * Jack called out, "Squadrons. Hunting season is open. Assault craft shoot anything that gets close." He counted no less than 60 air breather fighters in the air. Then 50. Then 38, down to 22 before the remaining fighters pulled out of the area. Anti-aircraft batteries came online. 

Jack deployed his weapons and started blowing away those facilities as did his fighters. Those that stopped firing were still destroyed. Jack got to the area he wanted to land and flew over it as the marine units went in first deployed out and secured the area. He came back around and landed. 

He walked out with ladies like they owned the place and saw an old man. Astra played translator, "Grace show him the picture." The old man said something. Astra responded, "Taken 2 days to camp to the east about 10km away. They sometimes have to carry supplies to them to keep the peace."

Jack looked around, "3 units keep our landing area secure, Squad leaders, alpha squad give me a location on that camp and if there are any landing spots in that area?" He heard back "All dense jungle. Sent you a GPS location to follow. He looked it over, "Astra destroy any land mines you find in the 30km area. She sighed, "Cannot do that. I can find them."

He nodded, "Give locations to the fighters. Start by clearing our path to our target and do not stop until they are all gone. Accuracy people."

Astra laughed, "This will change the strategies in this war." He ran forward with the others and the marines as they watched landmine after landmine get destroyed before them. He looked at Grace, "Have 1 page to have 1 word on the screen. Hybrid. When we find her, she is likely to be a mess if she is alive."

She nodded and set it. They got to the edge of the area 45 minutes when they started getting fired upon. Fighters came in and blew away anyone with a gun not a part of their unit. While the marines took down snipers and such. 10 of his men got shot in the armor including his shield. The shots hit and they bounced off. 

The body armor build was the same material as the ships' hulls just thinner at 1cm thick. He pulled his pistols only once and took out two targets at the same time. It was getting closer to the camp and he could hear voices. *Astra use a male voice, no visual, local dialects when you give my answers. *

He saw 12 men with guns pointed, "Tell them first. A little demonstration not to fuck with me." He yanked every gun he saw and turned them into liquid metal them into a large sword stuck in the ground. Then impaled it into the ground in the center of the encampment.

He held up a hand, "There is another telepath nearby." Scan the area for non-human life signs Astra. Use my link to you to respond." She contacted Jack back, *Calder, 3 of them further in the camp. * He walked forward and in English, "The Calder can come out now." He thought to Astra, *Send me their file, Search the entire surrounding area for them or other alien influences. Including ships. Highlight them in yellow on the map. *

Three human-looking men in business suits came forward and looked across one spoke, "A whole group of hybrids walk into my encampment and creating problems." He looked at the 1 who spoke, "Three shapeshifting agitators with some telepathic abilities and weapons comparable to the Terra government at this point in time. Not for long. I have my ships in orbit they are scanning for your ships. Stealth or not they will find them even if they have to a metallurgical search for your own alloys."

He heard, "Smart thinking Jack. Got them. Two ships about 1 km. One is a one-man escape fighter the other a twelve-man shuttle. There are 6 more Calendar and 4 ships between the other two faction camps. They appear to be having their own war with humans as pawns. I have the other ships highlighted, they are outside of this area. Also, those fighters that are on the ground now with those foreign computers make sense."

He nodded, "Astra destroy the ships outside of our area, dispatch our squadrons to eliminate the craft." She responded, "They are in route." Not 5 minutes later she responded. "4 enemy craft destroyed. All of those perverted fighters destroyed. I higjacked the TC's and got the pilots and ground crews away from those fighters." He nodded, "Destroy the one-man craft here." The man looked across, "You should not be able to do this to US!"

Jack looked at him, "My thoughts exactly. Contact your associates. You have one chance of leaving this world forever." He looked at me, "What makes you think I want them to go?" Jack looked at him, "You all go together, or you all die today."

He drew a big machete like laser sword. "I thought hybrids live by the sword." He looked across, "We do, we also use our minds and other assets at our disposal. You want to fight me with swords fine. But you will do it as you. Not the human you pretend to be."

He walked out and changed forms as Jack approached. He summoned up his katana in an attack stance. He called out to him, "This is your death dance. Bring it on slimeball." The thing looked to be in humanoid form with green limbs and kind of translucent. The thing stood still studying or planning his attack Jack recalled his telepathic abilities. "Getting into my mind won't work."

The thing came in with an elongated overhand strike Jack tumble and it still skittered off his shield. He sent an elongated one hand strike and cut through both of those arms. It howled out and then quickly reattached itself as it pulled his arms back. Jack looked over as it spoke, "We cannot be killed by being sliced to death. The thing swung again and Jack left it to his shields to take the blow as he sliced through the hands. 

But then put the hands and sword in a telekinetic box. The hand did not move. It tried for the hands a couple of times. He nodded, "Only a small part of you controls that much mass. He created eight boxes, one on top of each other. Then he slid in the 4 triangular edges if for each box; from top to bottom." The thing looked, "You cannot hold that forever. He engaged his boxes. Those pieces that had movement he kept sealed the others he dumped with the hands. He had 3 boxes that suddenly became 9. He expanded them some to get more room. He dropped more blocks. He put what was left in one box. He swung his psi sword through the box with a hundred strikes. He compacted it again and repeated the process. Until he had a 3 cm cube of material.

He got in his pack and down an Irish Mill and shoved what was left into the bottle and corked it. He looked across. At his two buddies. "Contact your friends. Squadron leader, tractor that shuttle to our base camp. Your friend here just became a lab rat for our xenobiologist." He saw the beams pick the shuttle up and a couple of women rolled out. He caught them and brought them to Grace and Sprits, "Ask if there are any more women in that shuttle. Squadron leader get that shuttle level. 2 women fell out of it!"

He responded, "Ace-2 grab it from the top. It is cloaked but we see the door now. I think they jumped out." He heard, "Got it!" They took it to the camp, He took the slime on the ground and bumped it into the fire. It burned nicely. He looked over, "Now let me remember which one of you likes fire. I believe that is Ash." She nodded. One spoke, "We have no way of contacting them without our ship. If you destroyed their craft then we are all in the same boat." He called up, "Astra, send my fighters out and tractor those blobs to my encampments and hold them there. Starting with the 2 here. Sprits looked over, "This one is dead. I think her body fell out when she jumped out. He looked over at the woman Grace had shown the picture of."

He took off his helmet and looked at her and pulled up the vid with her message. She looked at it and spoke but not in English. Astra replied, "She did not send the message. The message appears to have been a lure to get the hybrids down here." He nodded, "My suspicions confirmed. Tell her if we injected some of my blood into her. She would be cured of her injuries. Obviously being mute was not one of them. At least yet. The way they were likely going."

She spoke something and shook her head. Astra answered for her, "Against her religious beliefs." He thought, "You cannot take blood. Are you allowed to get medical treatment?"

She spoke and Astra responded, "Do not have money for that. It is not forbidden." He picked the girl up and carried her back to her village and arrive 2 hours later. "Send these images to all 3 tower controls. Revert to your true form now. The third from there team resides inside a bottle. I know you burn well." 

They all reverted, "To all the TC this is Jack Travus. We came in and found an alien incursion that put this region into a war. We now have the 3 factions in custody." He pulled out the bottle of Iris Mills. "The third one of the green, the part that controls the mass is inside my 'Meos Refined Irish Mills Mead bottle.' 

Marines drink one if you got it. If not find some firewood for a bonfire. Soon I will have a 9 pack of these creatures in separate bottles. Ladies drink up. He pulled another one. "This 30km perimeters will be in effect until we depart. Recommend a ceasefire as you had alien influences putting you into conflict with each other. 

This is not something you could find alone. It took our AI, our trained humans who work with the Hybrids you have at your disposal to bring this to a conclusion. We will get you more tools to deal with this species and it might help with others as well."

He finished his drink but left the comms open. "This is how this is going to play out." He put a cube around the blue. Now he put a 4cm cube opening into another box, "Release the closest blue." 

It tried to run through but bounced around inside the wall. "You are in 2 telekinetic boxes. One is about 4 cm big on the left side. Big enough to hold what controls the larger mass. Put your controlling pieces in there because the bigger box in going into the bonfire they just started. Your bodies will get it burning good. Separate now!" 

He sent him a message telepathically showing him what he did to the green to get him in the bottle." They all looked at each other. The one complied. He sealed the box and dropped the mass into the fire." He bottled that one up and then did each and every one of them." He looked over, "Geos and Meos refined Irish Mills Mead from Tau Ceti. Inspired and licensed through the Irish Mills line here in Terra. 

We have hundreds of bee colonies. We had 4 bee colony that survived the trip and thrived. They have been very helpful to our farmers. The new colony ships we will build for the convicts and those who wish to follow have those capabilities as well. To have bees go to another world. If you are interested in getting a license for that 'business' for that trip I would contact the local Irish Mills family on details and arrangements."
