 Artificial Sentient Terraforming Robotic Automaton (ASTRA)

Synopsis: With the fall of humanity the fate of its survival and resurrection resides in the hands of a very attractive female Android and the man chosen to be that champion; Jack Travus.

Inspired by so many things but not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm June 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorization in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Authors note. There is a graphic discussion on about incest between a brother and sister in this section. The discussion is from a security camera point of view.

--

He called out, "Nose down 30 degrees" He hit his comms, "Tau Ceti Towers. Your eyes are not deceiving you. This is Command Admiral Jack Travus, Call sign DF-1 Presidential."

He heard, "How in the Hell..." He hit his comms button, "We have Tera News cameras rolling over here. Paul would you like to accompany the delegates with your wives as I brought your family. For the camera's and to answer your unasked question. You just had the first system-to-system wormhole drive jump. 12.25 lightyears in seconds.

The power is required to open the wormhole. To pass through you must have a strong telepath that bridges the connection between the astral plane. Same thing I did for the communication crystals on a much larger scale. Secondary shield down, Aiko could you lead them up please from the shuttle bay. He hit the update and sent a message to the Master Chief, "I will get crews right on that."

She looked over, "Changed designation to HGEBS-1 Kirishima You dropped the C and added an E." Jack nodded, "Explorer. The C will be discussed when everyone gets here. Display image on briefing room. Main screen, Astra, Connect Capital Operator. The operator looked up, "Oh my god, Connecting you!"

He was connected to the Vice President and cabinet no less. The President looked across, "We have only been gone a few seconds." Vice President Lauran Dickenson looked across, "What the hell happened?" He looked across, "This is being recorded For Terra News. Jack Travus just initiated the first system-to-system jump via a wormhole. We are in Tau Ceti.

He was right, I might want to extend this visit by a few days. Amazing. For those that were asking why Jack Travus was getting so powerful, it was a build up to do this. It requires a powerful telepath to execute the jump. He told me about the technology I just did not realize how close to reality he had it."

Jack called out, "Send outside front view to capital. Astra my office, connect to Terra News. I will be right back I want to ensure that everyone knows we are here to prevent a panic." The President waved him over and shook his hand. Lauran you know how to contact us. Astra, disconnect us and put that call through in here.

Jack stood next to the President as the operator looked, "Just one second. Jack waved the reporter over so she could stand there beside Jack. She just beamed. She saw her producer, "Just put us on the air. You got another story of the decade here. History!!"

She pointed, "You are on the air." She talked, "This is Jenni Landreth with Terra News, I am standing here with the President, Jack Travus, and a room full of guests for what was a surprise launch of his battleship through a wormhole generated by his ship to the system of Tau Ceti."

Jack called out, "Back wall, display forward cameras and pan around the ship for those who are wondering what Tau Ceti looks like." The President spoke, "He explained to me months ago, when I ambushed him into the meeting with Gonzales, what he was working on to make travel between systems faster.

The key to these drives is they require a powerful telepath to establish the connection between a place he has been with the place he is leaving. This means getting to the systems is the first stage. Later we might be able to work a method to move entire colonies." Jack looked up, "Project Colossus is underway to do just that. It is being built in Tau Ceti and will require several powerful telepaths to operate that Engine."

He heard, "Contact made! This just appeared beside us." Jack smiled, "Display on right side front and back wall." He saw the image, "That would be a Drakor Capital ship. Open Shuttle Bay. Grace would you greet our guests. Ensure shield 2 is down for them. Connect me to the towers."

He sighed. "This is Command Admiral Travus. The Drakor presence at such a monumental moment is not to be unexpected. With two colony leaders and the President here, it presents an opportunity for some Alien introductions and potential negotiations to occur.

Do not read too much into this. We will know more later, as they had not told me directly that they would be here. I always expect them to show up when something big happens."

Grace walked onto the deck with 3 Drakor Jack gave a slight bow. He handed the President a bracelet. "Put that on I built it for us to talk. He put it on and it lit up. "Press it." He pressed it and heard a voice "I am the one he calls Justice." He thought to him *Tell them your sword name. It is time. *

He looked over, "You are right Dispenser of Justice. In Drakor society, you are named by your persona. When you select a blade it gets a name. That name is you as you are the sword. My name is Justice Incarnate. He guessed early on that I was a Justice when we spoke mentally. We are at a point where more descriptive names would be within your customs. We came to talk with your leaders and with Dispenser of Justice Jack Travus."

Jack looked back over, "We will get with you after we have had a private conversation." End transmission. He motioned and thought, *Through there is a conference room. Grace I am going to need that HG contract. * She sighed, *Now WOULD be a good time to do that. * He thought, *Add an entry for Justice Incarnate. To sign it. *

She nodded as leaders moved into the room and the two who accompanied him stayed back with the Security forces. The ladies were having a field day. They left the still camera in place and started interviewing crew. Starting with the Master Chief.

Jack closed the door with Justice, Grace, Paul, The President, and both the current and newly elected Colony leaders. Jack looked over, "I created up 3 of these bracelets. I can be contacted from anywhere at any time if I am wearing this necklace. It has a corresponding crystal they are tuned together.

Blue for Terra, Green for Geos, and Clear for Meos. When it lights green it means I am trying to get ahold of you. Justice can also communicate through the device. The Presidents is currently active. He lit up the other two and they pressed the button, Justice bowed, *Just a demonstration I cannot turn on the electronics in it.

That choice is yours. His thoughts will sound like his voice. His mind's image of his voice. This is the minds image of all Drakor voices. I am not likely to contact you or your predecessors unless another meeting like this is required. Lady Justice, Grace you have a document. *

She set it down. He put a finger upon in it, "Justice Incarnate on behalf of the Drakor Nation. I accept on behalf of my people to our part of this contract." The president looked at me, "What part is that?"

Jack Put his thumb on the pad, "Jack Travus, Dispenser of Justice on Behalf of the Hybrids and the Home Guard. I accept. To answer your question, Mr. President, this contract calls for me to be judged and likely executed for an action deemed to be in defiance to my nature. For the betterment of the human people. You asked me who would judge me. Now you know.

It also has provisions for separating out Ceti forces from Home Guard Forces over time. As these locations grow politics will set in. I cannot be involved in politics and you will need a new admiral who is not a hybrid. Not all hybrids will be a part of the Home Guard military, but they would follow Home Guard law. Some will live among you and help where they see issues. Like the judges on the Ceti colonies. They ran unopposed again?"

They both nodded. He looked over, "There will be humans and hybrids in the Home Guard. We are the force who will be able to move from one system to another. When help is needed, we will work to get you immediate aid. With that said the furthest moon on Geos I plan to terraform as a base for the Home Guard.

Our facilities to build are here our connection with the people is strongest here. In compliance with the charter, we will allow for the setting up of embassies to aliens who are in good standing with humanity. We may become your ambassadors in helping with these relations. That will be up to you to decide. The choice is yours.

We built up a large fleet of battleships and smaller craft for planetary defense. The Dreadnoughts and the assets with those would become the Home Guard. Moving from system to system as needed. We have 2 in Terra and 4 here. I have Colossus being built to move colony ships to new colonies. It will have 4 destroyers and 8 scouts that will dock and cycle around crew during these journeys.

We have four systems and we will be the founders of them because nobody else has stepped up in 20 years and created another colony. We will send out another unit the long way if you will with the ships traveling separately at 5x with one of our telepaths. If I can figure out how to do what Justice does, focusing in on the individual.

Most likely with an attuned crystal. I might be able to look through his eyes and jump to that system. Right now, I am the only one strong enough. My son Zander, who oversees the 3rd group would be next. Getting his battleship retrofitted would be a good idea. I am centuries ahead of where they expected any of us to be at this point.

Nobody has advanced as fast as we have. Part of the reason is we embraced the hand we were dealt, quite literally. We took on this code and this mission to protect humanity. We want to avoid civil wars and fighting but we cannot eliminate them. Those who are the politicians must do that.

Going back to this death contract. That means as the two eternal judges we would judge if they acted against their nature and it did harm to mankind. We will, of course, look at local law. You must remember because a law is on the books it does not necessarily make it just. We are still humans who have taken on this burden and the only way to do that is to be the Home Guard.

Not Tera and not Ceti. We will take our transponders as HG with no system name. I predict we will have a movement of colonists to a lot of places as I work to finance things. As I have been doing. As such. I am turning over complete control of the 2 Starbases we are building here to the respective colony leaders.

I still suggest one system force. We do not need civil war between planets. With that expansion of people will be the need for funding. Moving from a coop to an economy. Not today but not far off. When that happens, you should set up a bank and use the satellite connection and allow people who move here to move there TC's here. TC Would be Terran Credits in all systems if we do this right; except for Pena.

Now the caterpillar construction platforms would remain with the Home Guard. I want to transfer and take caterpillar 4 back with us and put it in orbit around Luna. For every colony we bring on Mr. President I will release one of the 6 stations around to you provided they remain under civilian control.

The ones out at Jupiter and Saturn I am keeping operational under me. Under my Business entity. This answers your question about controlling all the space docks? If I can get caterpillar 4 back through with us, we will look at transferring over Terra-7 to civilian control. I would sign it over to the man who has been running all of them.

But he would own it and he is human. He is also here. This will need to be read by each of you. But I will tell you I believe I am giving humanity the best path forward. Even if you do not take this contract you have it on record in front of 3 leaders that the Drakor will continue to watch me as things continue. Act if action is required upon me.

Not the rest of the people. He would likely take on that role with Grace or the next most senior justice; wait I covered that. He would. If I am here and it is Grace that steps out of line; highly unlikely but still. I would be expected to judge her and probably be forced to kill her if it is completely unrecoverable.

They told us to watch and deal with our own and we are charged with that already. We just have to get the humans as a whole to understand this arrangement."

The President looked at the contract and read it out loud for all of the leaders. He finally nodded, "I accept on behalf of the people of Terra." The other two quickly followed suit. Jack looked over, "Now we know what Home Guard is. The businesses I have will be the funding for the Home Guard.

The moon we will call Mixtios.

Take on the Latin word for blend or mix together. Another word for hybrid yet covers every cross-cultural marriage mankind has had." He looked at Justice, *You are free to stay if you wish. *

Justice thought back, *You have given them a good start. We are not at a position for formal talks yet with your people. I took this up for you because of the rate you were increasing and it was causing problems for your people. *

Justice looked around, *It is time for me to depart. We have far to go before we can establish formal relations. This was a very good start for Dispenser of Justice. I know you have a Congress who must consider this. If they do not approve it what would they propose? You know we have the power to do it. If hybrids fail for humanity then humanity will fail. Easier to support them than fight them. *

He turned and walked from the room as Grace walked with them. He smiled, "That side of the table, please. I can put the view from our cameras and impose an image of Earth to scale so they can see the big difference in the world here and the room to grow." He tested each crystal with them to see that they all worked and he could hear them in his head."

He nodded, "Anywhere I am with this necklace on; I can be reached. I pay taxes in Terra for things for Terra and I would do the same here if we ever get a bank here." They laughed at that. Jack nodded, "We have a reporter to grab for this signing. Just a second."

He stepped out, "Admiral, Ms. Landreth and your camerawoman for the week. Treven family, you can crowd together at the end down there to watch history again. Astra, Master Chief, and my XO and the commander of the 3rd right beside me."

Jake smiled at his father, "I asked her, and the two others. They were glad you looked at that list for their adult sons. We hit it off and I told them when you and Grace are off the ship. I run it." He nodded, "I cannot transfer you now as I will need my Master Chief. Unless I have you running escort next to mine while she works on mine. Part of my Battlegroup for colony exploration.

Jake nodded, "We would be restricted to 5x speed and I am sure you got a hanger for a shuttle." Jake nodded, "True." The camerawoman was ready and nodded. As the three leaders accepted copies of the documents and traded pads to do it 3 times. The President spoke, "This is the second document this group has signed today.

The first was an accord that defined the role of the Home Guard." Jack asked for the pad and Grace handed it to him as he set it on the table, "One has not signed this yet. She will say she is the only AI from her time period but she would be wrong now. I am not looking to make hundreds of AIs or even patent them.

But as the de facto leader and a member of the Home Guard, who is not human. You should sign this contract as well in regards to the future." She smiled, "Astra, On behalf of the Terran AI's, I, accept this treaty."

Jack looked over, "Now if your court ever asks again. She is covered under the Home Guard treaty as a non-human Sentient Entity." The president smiled, "Brilliant move. I had been getting some questions about how to deal with Astra. But now I just refer them to you." Jack smiled, "The way it should be."

He asked, "Who is the second one?" He smiled, "Bastra. This was a test run of keeping Astra on the battleship and Bastra on the Base. They can communicate through the Satellite and stay updated. Until we move the core into Colossus. I will have to try a super dreadnaught before I do the Colossus. Incremental steps.

Another reason to get the caterpillar out there. I built the pylons large enough to do just that. You have lots to discuss with them in trade as well. For say 30 colony ships?' He smiled, "You can get thirty colony ships back to Terra?"

Jack smiled, "XO Set course for Capillary 3." He went out. Jack looked over, "Time for you to see the big surprise."

He went out and grabbed the pad from Grace and pulled down some patents and she looked at what they were for. "That Army General might kiss you." He laughed, "Not my type." She transmitted it and the Admiral wanted to look over what the Home Guard contract did. She saw what Jack was doing. "The Drakor essentially put it in writing to kill you if you fall from being a justice."

Jack nodded, "I know. I helped write it, I did not know they would show. I will increase in power to be able to do things like these wormholes." She looked at him, "You have." Jack shook his head, "This was a step, I have not done it with a dreadnaught and not with Colossus virtually empty, and then fully loaded."

She looked at his necklace, "This is new." He nodded, "Can you read it?" She smiled, "I was raised in an old-style Catholic school, Latin. 'We are the Shields Until the Swords are Needed.' Home Guard motto?" Jack nodded, "Started with the hybrids and the Home Guard adopted it."

The Security Service guy nodded. Jack smiled, "It contains all of my command crystals" She looked at me, "What?" He smiled, "Ask the president about the new bracelet but first look at the screen."

They were still far away but they could see the space dock was filled end-to-end and the front of the ship extended for another 100 meters, "You are going to try and jump that thing?" He looked at it, "Like the Super Dreadnaughts, It expands to be much bigger. Then it forms plated walls the inside can be used as a space dock even for a Super Dreadnaught.

You saw all of the hybrids behind me. They were feeding me the power to make that jump. Astra, show Colossus animation for full size while traveling."

She showed it with the pylons running up all 16 of them. She looked at him, "What happens if you fail a jump?" He looked, "You jump or you do not. The state of the crew and the ship is another matter. We broke one and damage another pylon on the first jump. Then added more cores so each pylon had 2 cores to run with. You could pass out and be out for days. This is why getting more hybrids is important.

With that, I can move a military or any good size colony to get to a fight if needed support or delivery a bunch of colonists and their gear to start life on a world. I can build another caterpillar inside and they could build a space station and a local fleet. The president looked at it, "Just how massive is it full size like that?"

Jack called out, "Astra, Show this side for scale. On the left wall, show how many destroyers, our base destroyers, we could fit into it. Adding for the nose section." She called out, "45 Destroyers, 25 cruisers, or 16 of our Battleships inside this configuration." Jack nodded, "Shrink it to accommodate thirty 30 colony ships."

She shook her head, "Smaller but still massive." He nodded, "barely expanded. I could get 10 inside easy. Just take a few days to get them all to Terra. It is not all me it is me drawing from other telepaths what is needed to cross.
