 Artificial Sentient Terraforming Robotic Automaton (ASTRA) 

Synopsis: With the fall of humanity the fate of its survival and resurrection resides in the hands of a very attractive female Android and the man chosen to be that champion; Jack Travus. 

Inspired by so many things but not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm June 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorization in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work. 

Note from the Author: Most of this is in my BIO but some people have not read it and e-mailed me directly with their own criticisms. I am not a professional writer. I suffer from a Traumatic Brain Injury and swapping words or present and past tense issues are some of the day-to-day challenges I gained from that car accident. 

I write as a form of self therapy. I have one proof-reader who volunteered and has helped and I use Microsoft word and Grammarly to help on these writing projects. I cannot afford professional editors like some of the bigger named writers who I follow on this site and who make at least a partial living if not a full living as a writer. 

I hope you enjoy the stories, but if you are expecting perfection of a professional writer then these are not the stories for you. 

-- 

Jack left out of there as quickly as he entered and got into his shuttle, "Status, what have we got?" 

He heard, "Sounds like it might be another group of Drakor." 

Jack thought, *Great soon we will have 20 groups of Drakor here. * 

He took off and took it to full ignoring the tower. Grace looked over, "You laid it out for them." 

He nodded, "I know." 

He thought, *Justice is this another group of your brethren? * 

Jack heard, * From the sounds of it, yes but they are different. They are delaying any action until you arrive. * 

He thought back, *With all these time-traveling Drakor from other timelines is it not getting crowded for you? * 

For once he got no reply. He heard from the President via comms, "What do you know?" 

He sighed, "Another group of time-traveling Drakor. They are waiting for me. They are delaying any action until then. Does not sound ominous at all. I asked Justice if it was getting crowded with all of these time travel Drakor showing up and he did not respond for once." 

Jack flew past his battleship, "Follow at a distance." He arrived to see another four of the big black cylinders, He hit comms, "One at a time?" He heard back, "Yes they wanted to talk with you." He groaned out, "Contact the President. Let him know this was 4 events and not 1." He slowed as he got to the Cylinders, *You asked to speak with me Dispenser of Justice, Jack Travus * 

He heard back, *We heard there was a Justice among you. * 

He thought back, *Several including my wife who is with me. She is Lady of Justice. How can we be of aid? * 

He sent the images for Lady Justice from earth's history. *You are out of time. This is not your place in time. * 

He thought back * I was not given a choice in the matter. Yet, this is my home now. * 

He heard, *Come alone, we will return you to your timeline. The humans here will remain as graduates. They will have to continue without you. We must repair this time rift. * 

He thought back, *What about my wives? What about choice? * 

He heard, *This is their time, not yours. They must remain. It is the way to close these time events that have been plaguing this timeline. We also ordered the other Drakor who traveled here back to their timelines. Your entrance here is the oldest in this string. We would normally eliminate the oldest remaining disruption to set things right. 

Justice Incarnate believes you have proven yourself worthy of survival based upon the trials you have undergone. That you would work to ensure humanities survival in your timeline. Your progress makes you unique. From what was shown to us we agree with this method; this time it is worth considering. Normally we would catch these events before a subject had undergone any trials. The other choice is to eliminate you here. The choice is yours. * 

He called out, "Open shuttle bay." He took his necklace off and put it on Grace. "Have all the wives and Astra meet me at the Cargo bay. Astra, grab your backup server." 

He hit comms, "Paul pull the core out of Colossus and move it away from everything." He sighed, "We just got it seated and now you want it out?" Jack sighed, "Thought it would be easier than blowing it up without you freaking out at the damage!" He yelled back, "Fuck! Give me 2 minutes." 

Grace asked, "What did they tell you?" He glared, "Exactly how to close the time rift. I must be returned to my own timeline; I must go alone. I am hopeful Astra will get to come along. Humanity in this timeline will have to survive with you and our children to guide them. Congress gets what they want; rid of me. The rift gets closed. The rest of you ladies will continue on and lead this level of humanity into a brighter future." 

He thought, *What of the android Astra is she allowed to come with me? She is from my timeline. Will the rift close if she remains? * 

He heard, *Bring her with you. That was a good question to ask. To us she is equipment. But she might be; because of her nature and progression, be another key to this disruption here. We have been following your discussions. * 

He thought, *Is it alright to pack, Bring my private server. It is from the past. It just has my thoughts on the future. What about Meltora? * 

He heard, *Yes you will keep your ship. Meltora does not exist as Meltora anymore. Just the offspring of Meltora. Like your offspring., their place is here. * 

He thought, *I want my scout then, The King Arthur. It has a Terran transponder. * 

He heard, *That would be allowed. * 

"Send King Arthur to my hangar bay." He got out as Grace asked, "Are you not even going to talk about this?" 

He stopped and thought, *How will I create more? I have done 3 already. * 

They responded, * You can create more it is just not recommended normally. It just takes longer to recover. * 

He looked at her, "Grace they won't let me take you with me. I am leaving Danyelle with you and taking King Arthur. I do not have a real choice as this will do exactly what I told Congress I would do. Work to find a way to close these time distortions. Find all the cred sticks you can find. I will need it in my time. Make sure my will is up to date. I got to pack. XO I want an extra power core, the beam maker in storage, and, every bar of titanium, and every bar of stable Metallic hydrogen you have available. Along with 12 cases of my mead. 24 months of my coffee." 

He got to his room and put two more uniforms and a suit into his bag. He turned to see all his wives aboard and hugged them all in this private and emotional meeting. Sprits looked up, "I got 20 in me and the only medical bed that will allow me to have more is here." 

He nodded, "I know. I cannot take any of you with me. I asked. You know the Drakor. You will have to help Grace lead these people forward. Dock with the base. Get me a fueling rig setup and eight 2,000-liter tanks. Astra, I need you to copy the information for rebuilding your core and medical to your backup server. He thought, *When in my timeline will you return me? * He heard, "Where is Tau Ceti, and the when is 20 years after you died in that timeline. To your spot in time. * 

He sighed, "Everything for people from now going forward in the history of people who can and cannot be fucked in my timeline." She sighed, "Alright copying that data, same rules apply on the small amount of technical data we are taking." He nodded, "I know. I think we trust each other enough on that." He got to his lab and pulled the tablet with the specifications on her backup server, and then two of the fabricators and his server setup. He downloaded a series of upgrades onto one tablet along with other ship designs. He grabbed the imaging scanner and his 'box' as well. 

He got it on the lift and took it to the shuttle bay to see a crowd forming. He saw his son and hugged him, "Listen to the New Command Admiral the ship is hers. But do not put yourselves at risk like that again. Build up the telepaths. You will need to move Colossus...well, your brother will." 

He chuckled and nodded. "No titanium, they are working on making more to help with the alien ship repairs and we still have some weapons going out to the military. I got 30,000 bars in there at the moment but did not know how much you were bringing and how much room you wanted to be left open. You will need to tell me if you want more loaded." Jack sighed and looked inside, "Leave it at that." He finished getting everything remaining loaded. He took Olivia and hugged her, "Find love again, and be sure he is hybrid material." She smiled and nodded. He held onto Grace *You are my right hand. Now you must be both hands. Lead the cause, lead the hybrids, and for heaven sakes. Find love again. Use the medical bed and make him fuck like me. * 

She laughed in his ear through her tears. He let her go. He asked Astra, "You got everything?" 

She nodded, "I got them to bring 5 years' worth of food for you, and my storage unit for your sperm. Something tells me I am going to be collecting a lot of it for a while." 

Astra followed him hugging wives and kissing them goodbye. He hugged Ash and Aiko goodbye but could not get either of them to talk to him. They just hugged him and cried into his shoulders. Pela, Velma, and Katlyn were all back in Tau Ceti. 

He asked, "How did we do on cred sticks?" Sprits looked over, "Just over 400,000TC." He stuck them in a bag and hugged her goodbye, "My first wife, and nymph. If you find another man I will understand. If you do not; I knew you always loved the ladies. Take this tablet." 

He thought to her, *You are my first wife. The Passcode is 'My little nymph' It has weapon and ship designs and upgrades with the order they should be done and how soon each should be done for the next century. * She held it to her chest, cried, and nodded. 

He finally found it in himself to let her go. Astra gave her a quick hug goodbye and whispered in her ear, "He will always love you all. Just as I will." Sprits hugged her back. He walked into the ship. Astra went forward and took the second chair. Jack handed the box with the scanner to Astra. 

She opened it and saw another one of her heads with a purple dermal regenerator. "Not getting rid of all of you." She nodded and smiled with tears running down her face. The first since she was nearly destroyed all those years ago. She could not find it in herself to cry for all of the children lost. She knew that would break her if she let that train of thought rule over her. But she would miss her wives and lovers, "Finished downloading the data we needed." In truth, she copied it all unsure if she would need the other data. Her server was near capacity. 

He pointed, "I have mine there." She smiled, "I have copies of yours. He handed her the pad, "I have a copy of yours." Astra smiled, "I remember when you did this for me." She planned to make that the first thing to be produced so she had more free space as she would also have a replacement unit to go with everything. 

He looked to Astra, "Contact Paul tell him to stay clear. Then blow the core." He hit the vid and pulled up the President. He nodded, to him, "Get Congress to sign that. I am fixing the rift now. Also taking myself out of the equation for them." 

He nodded, "Grace told us. They gave it a vote and it passed. Barely. But it passed." Jack nodded, "Then this news that this group of Drakor wants me gone from this timeline should thrill them. I have a son who can still move ships but they are still going to have to recruit more. More so now, as it will take more time to get Colossus to jump locations. Get them cranking out colony ships left and right here. To get rid of the bitch. I forgot to tell you. The race we are helping must meet the Drakor in the Pena system. Told them not to settle there. Good Luck Mr. President." 

He laughed, "Convict Gonzales will like hearing that. If I remember to tell her that." 

-- 

He got the scout in the air and shut off the HG transponder. The doors opened and he took the King Arthur out, He thought up, *What will you tell yourselves about me? * 

He heard back * We will leave It to you to talk to the Drakor of that time. The other Drakor has returned. The Grepona you are aiding benefit from this decision. While outside of this timeline they are not the oldest in this string. They are not likely to succeed, regardless. * 

He thought out, * Stripping me from my life again is killing me. * 

He heard, * We are different than the other Drakor you have encountered. We watch species across timelines. We work to protect the timeline. Humanity does not survive without your success. You have set them on that course here. Now you must do it for your own time. Failure in your own time will doom humanity in both timelines. 

You cannot cheat time and your being here will only make it worse for all timelines. If we killed you it would be before you corrupted this timeline. Ending everything you have created here. You have done great things here for your species. Prove it is not a fluke and both timelines will survive. * 

He pulled up and killed the engines and let them tractor him in. He looked at Astra, "Low power mode when we land. We do not want them thinking you are 'alive' if you will." 

He heard, *You are on the other side of the system from the moon you need to visit. We have released your ship Good luck Dispenser of Justice * He set course. He looked at his sensors. "Trouble. Looks like a Terran destroyer. Adjusting course setting us to 2x speed, they would have seen us and possibly the other ship. 

John Travus now. Jack is just too painful to hear. We will need to get new identification created. Give me a listing of colonies at this time?" She sighed, "Mostly rocky places. Geos had 5,000 at this time according to records and Meos is uninhabited." Nothing further out this way. No idea why a destroyer is out here." Jack asked, "Montreal is the ship name. What do you have on it?" She sighed, "Lost 10 years ago." 

Jack ensured his shields were up as they approached. Jack veered away. Astra asked, "What are you doing?" 

He shook his head, "A Terran destroyer would have hailed by now." It began firing. He threw open all the weapons and turned in behind them. He blew through the shields and both engines. He was finally hailed. He pulled it up and it was someone attempting to do a very bad impression of a Terra Military officer, "You know it is treason to fire on a military ship." 

Jack responded, "You know it is treason to fire on a Terra Military Black-ops ship asshole?! You are not Terran military. I fucking know Terra Military. Give me a scan inside?" She looked, "Four life signs and two are not human. A pair of Scrills, they are bottom feeders." Jack looked over, "Got any reason why I should not just end you now?" 

He chuckled, "The battleship approaching." He scanned it and then hailed them. He got another faker, "Stand too and prepare to be boarded." He shook his head, "It is stand down, shut down your weapons and engines and prepared to be boarded. Fucking pirates." The man growled, "I have a battleship." He smiled, "I have an advanced research vessel for Black-ops that will tear through 4 battleships like that and you will not even break our shields." He laughed, "That is a lot of boastful bragging." Jack took aim at the destroyer, "One less pirate ship to worry about. Soon it will be two." 

He unloaded on the destroyer sending it to pieces and headed toward the battleship. "See if we cannot clean house while I am out here." He got into range. "All forward guns. The pair of rail guns shot through the nose and blew the engine core. There was nothing left of it. He looked at the scanners, "Cleared. Full speed." He got close to that distant moon. He thought, *This message is to the Drakor Scout on the far Moon. I am Jack Travis 'Dispenser of Justice.' Human hybrid. * 

He heard back, * Justices are Drakor only. * 

He thought back, *I was brought in from another timeline. Returned to this one. I worked with a Drakor in that timeline known as Justice Incarnate. He found me to be an interesting anomaly as I am both a telepath and telekinetic. Humans have the capacity for many justices15% on average. 

That was with 180 hybrids in the timeline I was brought back from. Brought back by your own kind. My being there created a time rift. Another Drakor ship came and told me to close it I needed to be returned to my time. * 

He heard, *Proceed to the planet. Only hybrids. * 

He responded back, *I have one android but she is going into low power mode. Else all you have is 1 hybrid. * 

He looked back, "Low power mode now. Do not contact me for 24 hours Wake every 12 and check if I am back. If not back into sleep mode." She nodded and went out. Jack brought the ship onto the moon near the Drakor ship and landed with the rear toward them. Jack walked out as he lit up his sword. He put it away and walked forward to the 3 Drakor waiting. One floated his sword over, *A Justice has 2 swords. * 

He thought and showed him that discussion along with helping others construct their swords. He turned it into a ball of Metal, *Fix. * 

Jack took it and made a globe of Terra with the moon and then took it and restored it back to its former glory and activated it. He put it away. He asked, *What do I call you? * 

He heard back, *Vengeance * 

Jack asked, *Where do we go from here? * 

He heard, *We wait for the one you named. * Jack sat down. 

He heard, *Not a tactically sound position. * 

Jack smiled, * Prove it! * 

He came in with an overhead shot that bounced off his shield belt. Jack responded, *Try again. He sent the wall of liquid telekinetic energy as he raised his hands to strike, he pinned them in the wall and John his sword pointed at the Drakor. *The perception of weakness is not weakness. * 

He put his sword away and released his hands. He looked at Vengeance and he came around to strike again from the side. Jack went ethereal on him. Vengeance backed off after spinning wildly for a second. 

Jack returned. *I let you bounce one off my shield, one to pass through me. I get the impression you want to fight me. Is that what you are trying to ask? * 

He heard, *You are an abomination. I will end you. * John rolled backward, *This just the two of us or are your friends involved as well? Is this to first blood or to the death? I hope you have a telekinetic shield to save yourself. * 

The Drakor lit up his sword while John did the same. He put it to his left side and waited. Holding it like it was sheathed. Vengeance came in with a high shot again with a slightly elongated reach. John stepped forward, blocked, turned his back toward him. He ran his sword behind him with a two-handed strike straight into the chest of the Drakor at 2x speed. He sent him flying for 30 meters on the moon's low gravity surface. The Drakor got up slowly and looked across at the human who stood before him. 

A Drakor Capital ship appeared. While Jack awaited another shuttle launched. He heard, * Dispenser of Justice you are, put your sword away. * 

He put it away and the other came back and stood to the side as the new Drakor entered the area from the second scout. Jack sent him the scene from the bridge where he had issued his warning about the treaty also their approach to adding Hybrids. Then what the 'time monitoring' Drakor told him. 

The Drakor looked up, *I do find you an anomaly but in a good way. This explains why we have had such trouble with your race. They were denied the choice to even be given the choice. You overcame it because you felt you had to save humanity. You also did it differently. 
