 1969 - Man walks on the moon.

2097 - The first permanent Lunar and Martian colonies are settled.

2198 - Artificial gravity allows thorough exploration of the solar system, and orbital colonies are quickly established around all major planets.

2268 - Warp Drive technology is perfected. 

2301 - The DREAM era begins. The exploration and colonisation of the galaxy is in full effect. Several centuries of technological progress has propelled humanity into a golden age, where resources are plentiful, disease and famine are non-existent and human suffering is history.

The story takes place on a rocky, backwater planet in the western edge of the galaxy, Atheana-4. The planet was first settled seven years ago by a few hundred people. The atmosphere was roughly the same as Earth's, at least similar enough so that humans could breathe without Oxy-suits. 

Colony 214-B-6, or Elmaty as it was know to the locals, was one of several colonies on Atheana-4. It was also the one of the first to be settled, nestled away in the corner of an island about the same size as France on Earth. The colony ship had carried several Terra-forming crews to the surface, and immediately they began removing the local habitat, making it more suitable for habitation. The colonies had no need for crop fields or livestock; food was grown in the huge biolabs at the centre of the colony, so despite the colony now numbering more than 11,000 people, it covered just a small area of land. 

It was here that Jennifer had spent her teenage years. She reminisced back. The time she and the girls had snuck around the school after hours and filled one of the rooms with Pumice Bugs, her first kiss with David round the back of the library, the time she was almost crushed by falling Allstrand tree that had been hit by a Mag-truck the day before. Now she was a young woman, 19 years old, with piercing blue eyes and pitch black hair down her back. Her curvy figure always drew looks and cat-calls, her large soft breasts standing out from her body. Daughter of a Pylon engineer and an extra-terrestrial biologist, Jennifer was almost guaranteed to play a crucial part in the colony. Without the Pylons, Atheana-4 would be cut off from the rest of the galaxy, and there were still millions of species on the planet that had yet to be identified. 

For now though, Jennifer was content to make the most of her youth. Promiscuity was hardly rare in this period of human history, but Jennifer was something else entirely. Her sexual appetite was legendary amongst certain circles, rivalled only by her ability to break hearts. 

She smiled to herself as she slipped on the Haz-suit. She remembered last night, how Johny had flicked his tongue over her clit. How his hands squeezed her breasts. How his impressive cock made her scream and beg for more. She smiled to herself. "I'll be getting some more of that Friday" she thought and she put her other leg in the suit. Haz-suits weren't exactly needed around the colony. All wildlife close by had been classified a Class-5 threat or lower, and the local flora had been found to contain no harmful chemicals. But regulations were regulations, and it was always better safe than sorry on a colony world. The suit constricted her breathing somewhat, but she had learned to cope over the past 11-months with her job as an outpost relay-woman. It was a simple enough job, just drive the mag-truck full of supplies to one of the several-dozen outposts a few dozen miles outside the colony. And besides, she seized any opportunity she could to get out of the boring colony life. 

Climbing aboard the huge vehicle, she shuffled around in her seat to get comfy.

"Stella, please check for malfunctions and damages."

"Yes, Jennifer... no damages or malfunctions found." replied the female voice.

S.T.E.L.L.A. was the artificial intelligence that had been created for the colonies. As intelligent as a human and also self-aware, she was programmed into almost everything, from mag-trucks to colony ships, to un-manned drones and even educational facilities. 

"Thank you, Stella." said Jennifer.

Pressing the ignition button, Stella recognised her finger print, and Jennifer steered the truck off into the wilderness. 

"Any news on the radio, Stella?"

"Nothing new around here. But there have been reports of attacks by Stump-worms around colony 214-B-2."

"Ugh, are the victims alright?"

"Yes, fortunately there was help nearby at both incidents."

Stump-worms were large, native creatures, about he size of a large dog in length, but slightly heavier than a fully grown man. One of the more bizarre specimens of Atheana-4, they reproduced by laying eggs inside an orifice of another creature, then fertilizing them. Even more bizarre was the fact that they evolved at an incredibly fast rate. A mere year after humans arrived on the planet, Stump-worms were capable of using them as hosts. Not only had their ovipositors and genetalia become more scaled to the human form, but they had been observed sexually stimulating and using aphrodisiacs on their victims, who were almost always women, to make them less likely to try and escape. 

Fortunately, they were native to a different continent, and so far no Stump-worms had been reported around Elmaty. 

Jennifer couldn't help but wonder what it must be like getting attacked by one of the creatures. Exactly how do they stimulate their victims? How could they have evolved so quickly? If they do those things to keep their victims from fleeing, does that mean that those women enjoyed it?

Jennifer snapped back into the real world as the radio crackled to life. But she noticed her day dreaming had left her a little wet between her legs.

"Come in Truck-7, come in truck-7, this is HQ."

Jennifer picked up the mic.

"This is Truck-7, what is it, HQ?"

"Jen, it's Al. Listen I know you were supposed to go to Outpost E, but... well, the colony has lost contact with Outpost A."

"Lost contact? How? Is their sub-pylon down?"

"We don't know that yet. But we haven't been able to contact them for at least an hour. They have a sub-pylon and a reinforced satellite link, so it's highly unlikely both have failed."

"So you want me to go and see if anything's wrong?"

"Pretty much, yeah."

"Can't you just use the Stella there to take control of the surveillance cameras and see what's up?"

"We can't. The Stella network at the outpost was disabled."

"Disabled? Why would they do that?"

"Like I said, Jen, we need you to go and figure out why. All the emergency response squads are tied up around Colony B-2 purging Stump-worm nests. They would come here they said, but only if there's proof of danger at the outpost. No sense in letting the worms go free if someone's just sat on the off switch for the sub-pylon."

"Alright, I'll re-route to Outpost-A. I'll be a while though, it's a long way."

"Thanks Jennifer. And listen, don't put yourself in danger there. First sign of trouble, get on your radio and call an Emergency squad."

"Will do, Al. Talk to you soon."

Jennifer put the mic back in it's holder. 

"Looks like we're going on a short trip, Stella."

"Affirmative, Jennifer. Outpost-A should be reached in approximately one hour forty six minutes."

Jennifer couldn't believe her eyes when she pulled up the outpost. It was wrecked. The main door was shattered into pieces. A personal Mag-truck was overturned.

"What the hell happened here?" 

"Would you like me to activate the emergency beacon?" asked Stella. 

Jennifer paused. 

"Not yet. I'm going to see if anyone's still here. Just... wait a few minutes."

Before the AI could protest, Jennifer jumped out of the truck and cautiously advanced to the outpost. 

Inside was just as ruined as the outside. The sensitive equipment was destroyed, even the normally hardy S.T.E.L.L.A. unit was flattened, an enormous weight had crushed it.

What really caught Jennifer's eye however, was the clothing on the floor. A shoe, a torn Haz-suit, even some pyjamas had been strewn across the building. As she advanced further into the building she caught the scent of something. It smelled sweet, very sweet, and she felt her legs becoming weaker. 

The scent started to ignite parts of her brain she didn't know existed. She felt something primal growing deep within her. 

One step further, she tugged at her collar. Two steps, she was panting hard, her palms sweating.

Five steps, she started to rub her breasts through her suit. 

Ten steps, her clit, hard and red, rubbed against the crotch of her haz-suit.

Twenty steps, she stopped dead in her tracks. Slowly she sunk to her knees. Her whole body was aching for release. Sweat poured from her forehead as she started lowering the zip of her haz-suit. The cool breeze against her chest made her shudder. 

Jennifer's hands were shaking as she removed her arms from her suit. Her large breasts broke free too. Her nipples were rock hard, jutting out like diamonds. Her hands caressed them and she let out a quiet moan. What was happening to her? Why did she feel so aroused? So... alive?

Her hands drifted down between her legs. Her thighs trembled at their touch, her pussy leaking it's juices. Her fingers danced around her abdomen, nails raking against her soft pale flesh when, finally, they found the bottom half of her haz-suit.

A small part of her screamed that something wasn't right here, that she needed to get up and leave now, but Jennifer didn't listen. She was already lost to lust. When her fingertips first brushed against her clit she moaned loudly. Her pussy spasmed with glee and a smile stretched across her face. Eyes closed she worked her right hand down into her haz-suit, her left up to her fleshy breast. At first her fingers teased the tender folds of her pussy, going fast then going slow, moving from her clit to her velvety entrance. But she couldn't take it anymore. 

She needed release. She needed it now. 

With one move she ripped the haz-suit down to her ankles. She fell on her back and her hands immediately clasped around her snatch. She worked one finger up into herself, then another, then another . In and out, she moved them faster and faster until she could hear her juices flowing. A trickle fell down to the puckered bud of her anus and she smiled again. She had always enjoyed her asshole being played with; fingered, licked, rubbed or fucked, Jennifer didn't care. She took her left hand and sucked on her fingers. She could taste the saltiness of her cum and it heightened her arousal.

Getting her fingers nice and wet she moved her hand down again, to her rear. Slowly she ran her fingers in circles, tickling her hole, until she penetrated it. She gasped audibly as the fingers in her dripping pussy quickened their pace. 

Jennifer opened her eyes and looked down. She loved the sight of her tits jiggling as she finger-fucked herself to ecstasy. She adored the sight of her belly heaving with pleasure, her bellybutton so inviting and sensitive. She saw her hips bucking up and down to meet her soaked fingers.

She turned over onto her stomach. Her breast were squeezed against the cold, hard floor of the outpost and her own bucking body. She raised her ass in the air, her left hand now rubbed up and down her crack before plunging once again into her tight anus. Her right hand came out of her pussy and instead started furiously rubbing her red clit. Her moans became louder and louder, her breaths became faster and Jennifer knew she was close. She closed her eyes again as she remembered last night again. How Johnny threw her down onto the bed and tore off her panties. 

She screamed with pleasure. 

She remembered how his big, hard cock sprang free from his trousers. 

She cried out in lust. 

She remembered how he ploughed her for almost an hour, not giving her chance to recover from one orgasm as he pushed her into another. 

Jennifer's whole body shook. Her mouth flew open but nothing but a guttural, savage grunt came out as she experienced the most intense orgasm of her life. For a minute she saw stars. She wasn't aware of anything except the intense pleasure radiating from her pussy, up her spine. Her thighs clamped together like a vice as she pictured a hundred men standing around her, all waiting their turn to cum in her sopping cunt. She pictured them lapping at her clit and asshole, shoving their dicks into her mouth only for her to suck on them with wanton abandon. No she wasn't aware of anything but this moment. 

She certainly wasn't aware of the huge, fifteen-foot-long worm like creature that had been attracted by the smell of her sex and her moans of passion. The Stump-worm eyed it's new prey from the back doorway of the outpost. It had used the same pheromones to drive all nine of the outpost's previous occupiers into a sexual frenzy. They tore at each other's clothes like they were paper. The two men of the base were not nearly enough to satisfy the seven women, so they had started cavorting amongst themselves, slurping at each others lips and clawing their breasts. It sat back and watched them for a while before making it's move. Best to strike when the prey is at the height of arousal. One orgasm wouldn't be enough. They would want another, and another, and another. The effects of the pheromones might not even wear off for days, depending on how much the prey was exposed to. Plenty of time for the worm to make his move.

But now there was new prey. The others had been carried off back to the brooding hole a mile away. Normally Stump-worms would just impregnate the victim and then leave, but not these ones. This kind looked after their young, and by extension their prey too. Once captured the prey would be brought back to the lair and imprisoned by a web of sticky secretions and gel. There they could be impregnated at will and without danger from the outside world. There they could give birth to the new generation of worms, only for the same worms to return a week later to impregnate their once surrogate mothers. The effects of the aphrodisiac pheromones would cause the victim to go insane with passion. From the moment they inhaled the first scent of the pheromone their fate would be sealed as breeding stock for the Stump-worm colony. 

The worm looked at Jennifer writhing on the floor. In the throes of ecstasy she still hadn't noticed the worm watching her. Jennifer gasped as the last of her orgasm faded. Her eyes were clenched tightly shut and her mouth hung agape as her fingers slowed their assault on her clit and asshole. Her body shuddered in response to her taking her fingers out of her anus, even a slight bit of drool escaped her open mouth. 

But the fire inside her hadn't disappeared. No sooner had her orgasm subsided she felt the urge building up again; stronger this time. Jennifer flipped over again, and opened her eyes. Staring up at the ceiling she blinked in a lust-filled daze. Her hands once again travelled south towards her shaking legs and her nails once again lightly scratched her inner thigh. It was then the worm made it's move. Only inching itself forward at first, then it snaked its huge bulk towards its prey. 

Jennifer opened her eyes. As she saw the worm her heart stopped, but her fingers plunging into her pussy didn't. Still under the effects of the worms aphrodisiac, she watched spellbound as the slimy creature moving towards her. Half-moaning in pleasure, half screaming in terror, her hands continued to work their magic on her dripping body. The worm opened it's gaping maw. A Stump-worms sexual organs were contained in a sheath inside it's mouth. Another muscle was located below it, something that could only be described as a tongue. Around it's mouth, six muscular tentacles that would entrap its victim. 

As the worm reached her feet Jennifer found herself growing more and more relaxed. More pheromones escaped the Worm's mouth and Jennifer's legs shuddered with anticipation. The conscious part of her mind screamed to get up and run, but deep down she knew she needed release. The tips of two tentacles started wrapping around her shins, before snaking their way over her knees. Jennifer watched, transfixed, as they moved closer and closer to her full hips. Two more tentacles, longer than the others encircled her wrists. They pulled her arms away from her pussy and she screamed. Not in fear though, she was so close to orgasm, how could it deny her that? The Worm's body moved up, until it's organ came into full view. Red in colour, a full foot and a half in length and three inches wide, it was much bigger than anything Jennifer had encountered before. But she welcomed it all the same. She would have opened her legs wider, but the tentacles holding her thighs did that for her. The final two tentacles stretched themselves out and began moving their way up her belly and chest, leaving slimy trails as they went that made Jennifer's body tickle and tingle with delight. She giggled as they wriggled around, exploring her bellybutton, her sensitive nipples and the full round globes of her breasts. 

Further down, she felt the worm's mouth engulf her. Her legs were still outside the worm, and the tentacles moved up to her hips to lock her in place. She felt the warmth of the Worm's body surround her loins. She felt the sticky, wet juices trickle down her abdomen. She felt the thick organ rub against her thighs seeking her treasure. The Worm's tongue also explored, licking up and down the cheeks of her ass, occasionally dipping down between them and teasing the pink rosebud of her anus. 

Jennifer gasped. The Worm found it's target, and methodically began pushing it's organ deep into her pussy. She had never felt like this before. The Worm stimulated parts of her she never knew existed, she felt like she full to bursting. The way it writhed around inside her pushed her to the brink of another explosive orgasm. The Worm's tongue started to push itself inside her other hole, causing her to scream again in pure ecstasy. The tentacles holding her wrists pulled them up over her head, exposing her body to the others. They wrapped around her back, and pulled her up into a sitting position. Her breasts fell against the Worm's hot slimy body. The tentacles released her back and instead wrapped around her heaving tits. 

After what seemed like an eternity, the Worm started thrusting inside her pussy. Jennifer's legs shook in a thunderous climax. Her pink nipples rubbed against the Worm's skin, heightening the sensations. The tongue in her asshole thrust forward as well, before resuming it's own pattern. The orgasm resonated throughout her entire being, possibly even her soul. Jennifer wrapped her legs as far around the worm as possible. She pushed against the tentacles holding her hips and wrists, trying to open her legs further, and bring her arms down to caress her lover. 

That's when she felt something she never thought she would feel. The organ inside her kept pushing. It pressed against her cervix. Even as it started pushing itself through, Jennifer felt pleasure through the pain. She could feel it inside her womb, sending her over the edge of yet another orgasm. Her toes curled up under the intense stimulation, her fingers clenched into fists as she tried to pull away from the overwhelming sensations. 

Jennifer's vision went blurry. She felt herself drifting on the edge of consciousness. Then the Worm began to pulse inside her. She knew what was coming, even through her orgasmic daze. A thick gel began seeping out of the tip of the Worm's organ. She could feel it being deposited in her womb, the viscous liquid filling her up. It was warm, and even made her tingle on the inside. Her mouth hung open. This was it. The Worm was laying its eggs in her. Soon she would be carried back to the brooding nest to be a breeding slave. 
