 The next morning, his escort arrived: a pair of armed men knocking at the door. "Armed" in this sense meaning with short swords. Their clothing was close enough to what might be expected of a modern military man, but Evan noted with no small amount of interest the lack of firearms. Maybe that was just because he wasn't seen as a threat; maybe the guns were elsewhere. That glass dome had to be plenty thick enough to resist all the water pressure, but even so, he didn't think anyone would fancy the notion of bullets flying around near it.

In any case, it was a relief.

Evan and Hayley bid each other a tender but wordless good-bye, and Evan left with the tall, imposing strangers to find out exactly how he was supposed to get home.

Hayley's house was on the outskirts of the city. Evan couldn't see the out-most rim of buildings from where he was, but he could tell there was a lot more city in the direction they were going now than there was back in the direction of Hayley's home. The buildings along this lane were all humble, two-story dwellings of concrete and plaster. There were other larger structures this far out, but there was a lot more skyline visible toward the center of the city.

After a few blocks of walking along the side of the cobbled roads rimmed by towering white street-lamps, they came to what was unmistakably a tram station. They joined a small crowd of people boarding the next car to come sidling in along the metal rails in the middle of the road.

What was strangest about the city wasn't how much was different. It was how much was familiar. Brands and logos from back up in the States were noticeably absent, but the style of clothing was close enough. The look of the city was different than anywhere he'd ever been, but the individual structures, the parts of the city weren't far off from what he knew. He looked around at the faces in the car, and while there was a tendency towards pallor—understandable given their distance from the sun—the shapes and shades of those faces reflected the faces you might find in most any city in America. For all that was different about the city he saw passing by outside the car's windows, it was still a city.

--

The tram car ride took them half an hour, and took them right to the Palace itself. It was not the tallest structure in the city, but it was quite an opulent old mansion. There were doors periodically placed around the base; many passages to facilitate many comings and goings. The armed men took him through one of these doors, and into a surprisingly small hallway. It was still large enough for them to walk down three abreast, but compared to the grandeur of the exterior, Evan expected every corridor to be similarly scaled.

At the end of the hallway was a set of red double-doors, attended by another guard. Evan was escorted to the doors, and there they waited. Evan didn't know whether he ought to say anything, whether small talk would have done any good anyway. He wasn't good at making conversation with strangers to kill time. He settled for a small smile at the guard facing him, which was returned with the slightest and curtest of nods.

After a few minutes of waiting, there was a knock from the other side of the door, and the sentry pushed it open for Evan to walk through.

Now he was in an audience chamber, a bit finer, more spacious, more in keeping with the aesthetic of the palace. Against one wall sat a table laden with finger foods. In the center was what was unmistakably a throne. Upon it sat possibly the most strikingly beautiful woman Evan had ever seen in person. Her skin was a smooth, light brown, and her hair jet black. Even sitting, she carried herself with great poise and dignity. She wore a gown, long and black, elaborately embroidered in gold along the sides, that sat elegantly upon her figure.

"Your Majesty, this is the surface-dweller," one of the guards announced.

Your Majesty? "What?" Evan mumbled, but no one acknowledged him.

"What is your name?" Your Majesty asked in a low, commanding voice.

Evan was caught off-guard, but he answered her as calmly as he could. What in the world was going on?

"I am Salma, the Queen of Atlantis. You seem to be taken aback at being found in my presence, so am I right in assuming you were not told who you would be meeting when you came into this room."

The Queen's expression was cool but not hostile. At least she seemed to understand where his head was at the moment. "No, ma'am—uh, no, Your Majesty."

"Oh how typical," came a woman's voice from the side of the room. "Some of these guards are so dedicated to looking tough that they never bother talking to anyone."

It was only then that Evan truly noticed that he and the Queen were not alone in the room with her guards. He turned and saw that there stood two other women at the table to the side, both of them standing and eating the food—and both of them, like the Queen, were astonishingly beautiful.

One of the women was extremely voluptuous. Her dress was looser, more casually decorative, and probably more comfortable, but such was her body that she needed no assistance to accentuate its curves. Her breasts were positively enormous, even for her thick frame, and she proudly displayed them even in her casual posture. Her face betrayed a similar shining self-confidence. She had a big blue pair of eyes that seemed even now to be sizing him up, her lips curled into an impish smile suggesting that she was happily judging anyone who came across her path. Complimenting her fair, white skin was a beautiful mane of curly red hair.

The other woman was a bit younger, probably not much older than Evan himself. In stark contrast to her neighbor, she was rail-thin, but she was still gorgeous. She had cheekbones you could cut yourself on, and the brightest, most piercing eyes he'd ever seen. Her dark hair was tied back in an elegant but reserved bun, and she was dressed in similarly conservative clothes—a dress jacket and pants.

Of course, he took in all of this for just a few seconds, because he dared not take his eyes off of the Queen for long.

Queen Salma, for her part, did not seem to pay the woman's words any attention, and still addressed Evan.

"I apologize for that inconvenient circumstance." Her words were formal, but her tone indicated that she had had conversations like this a thousand times and was uninterested in putting undo theatricality into it. This was a matter to be taken seriously, but not deathly serious. He could relax the slightest bit. "I also must apologize for something else: I am sure that you would like to return home, but that is not possible at this time. Getting you safely to the surface is possible, but currently prohibited. We have a certain way of life down here, you see, and the thought of being exposed to the surface world is... not in our interests. My councilors will consider the matter, and in a short time—if we believe you can be trusted—we will send you home."

This was not entirely unexpected, but Evan still felt an uneasiness creep through his body.

"In the meantime, we will offer you food and lodgings in exchange for your service as part of the household staff here at the Royal Palace. It will not be grueling work, as these things go, but you will earn your keep."

He would be a servant. He chafed a bit at that notion instinctively, but if they were to be feeding and housing him, it was a perfectly fair notion. How rosy the reality turned out to be was another story, but Evan hadn't gotten twenty-five years through a life like his without learning how to roll with the punches in a tricky situation

"Um," he hesitated, unsure of whether it was right for him to speak now. "Thank you for your hospitality, Your Majesty."

"If you accept these terms and you have any further questions, my man Mads will answer them for you." She gestured vaguely behind him, and he almost jumped to see another man standing rather close behind him.

"Come with me," the man said firmly but gently, and Mads followed him out of the room, giving a small bow to the Queen on his way out in lieu of knowing what the protocol was.

Mads led him down another corridor, this one smaller than the last. He was dressed in a jacket, vest, and pants not entirely unlike that you might see on any butler, though the cut was different, and the tones were more earthen. He was also, Evan noted, strikingly attractive himself. Was this entire house full of beautiful people?

"Don't worry, we won't be putting you straight to work. We'll give you a few days to learn the ropes, ask any questions you might have."

"Thanks," Evan said, unsure of how formal to be with this man. "I guess my first question would be, are you my boss?"

Mads let out a small chuckle. "Yes. I'm head of the staff here, although I won't always be around, so I'll show you who else to report to should you need it."

Questions were not hard to come by. "Are we going to the servants quarters now?"

"Yes. They're actually rather comfortable. Since you don't strike me as a man of great privilege up in the surface world, I don't expect you'll be disappointed."

"Good observation. Yeah, I'm just a deck-hand."

"We always appreciate a man who knows how to do a hard day's manual labor here. You'll be doing a lot of cleaning."

"What else?"

"Carrying out the food for meals. Escorting guests to their rooms, and carrying their luggage. Very occasionally you'll deliver messages on behalf of the family, but most of that is done by telephone."

"So you do have telephones down here. Any computers?"

"Of course. That's how we manage our little ecosystem down here. However, they're all for use by the scientific reserve, not citizens."

By then they had reached the servants quarters. As Mads had said, they were quite comfortable. There was a spare but spacious common area, and every servant had their own individual room.

From there, Mads went over daily procedures, his uniform, the extent of his duties, and introduced him very briefly to the other servants. It was a lot to take in, but he was quick to reassure Evan that they would ease him into the work load.

On their way to the servants' mess, Evan got around to asking some of the less pressing questions on his mind.

"Who were those other women in the audience chamber before?"

Mads seemed to pause ever so slightly before responding. "The older woman, the redhead, is the late King's younger sister, Lady Christina. The younger woman is Lady Olivia; she was the Queen's ward, and when she came of age, she became a royal advisor. The heir to the throne is the Queen's daughter, Princess Rosabell, who you'll meet soon enough. They're all members of the royal family, so they are the people you serve."

"Are there any men in the family?"

"None who live here. That's why your duties don't include helping family members dress. Although," he said after a thoughtful pause, "you could be called upon to help Lady Christina un-dress."

Wait, what?

Mads must have seen the look on his face, because a small smirk broke his cool, deadpan expression. "Lady Christina has a voracious sexual appetite. Of course, she would never force herself on you, but she has a habit of seducing the male servants. After all, we're here, we're male, we're politically inconsequential... and if I say so myself, we are a fairly attractive crop of gentlemen." He smirked again. "At any rate, you'll want to make up your mind on that subject quickly. Especially given the way she was eyeing you before."

Evan had trouble wrapping his brain around that. Instead, he addressed the other question this prompted. "Have you..." he started, unsure of whether it was prudent to ask.

"Many times," Mads replied. "I will say this; if you have any interest in the female sex, allowing Lady Christina to take you into her bed is an experience you will never regret."

--

The first dinner with the rest of the staff went well. Evan sat and listened, figuring that he didn't really need to draw attention to himself now. Mostly they talked about the work of the day—or rather, what happened in the moments between the work. He had little context for any of this, but he listened nonetheless.

When they dispersed after dinner, he went to the bathroom to wash up. As he left the door, however, he was surprised to find one of head servants, a beautiful and intimidating woman named Suranne, waiting for him.

"Evan, Lady Christina has summoned you to her chambers."

His stomach dropped out from under him. Already? Holy shit. Not that he needed any time to think about whether he wanted to get into bed with such a beautiful woman, but it was so soon. 

Suranne's expression was inscrutable, but if what Mads had said was true, then Suranne must have been aware of it. She must have known what Christina wanted from Evan.

"Of course," Evan said. "I'd be happy to... come." He couldn't find another word to end that sentence with in the moment.

"When was the last time you bathed?" Suranne said, as deadpan as if it were the most normal thing in the world to ask. 

"Before dinner," Evan answered, with no confusion in his voice. He and Suranne understood each other.

She nodded and led him from the quarters and down a series of corridors Eventually they stopped outside the lady's bedroom. Suranne knocked, waited for a voice from within to say, "Enter", and led Evan inside.

The room was lushly decorated. Finely polished furniture, a four-poster bed with dark red curtains, candlesticks made out of some beautiful metal Evan didn't think he'd ever seen before, paintings (many featuring erotic scenes of some sort) adorning every wall.

But of course the most beautiful thing in the room wasn't a thing, but a person. Lady Christina stood by the side of her bed, clad in a very comfortable-looking white robe, sipping from a wine glass.

"There's the new boy," she purred as he entered. "Evan, wasn't it?"

"Yes, Lady Christina," he answered.

Christina's face was fixed in that sexy, mischievous smile of hers. "How are you settling in?" she asked in a perfunctory way.

"Just fine, thank you, milady."

"Would you like a drink?"

If she was offering, then why not? "Yes, milady."

She beckoned him closer with a curled finger, and he came as near as he dared while she poured another glass. She handed it to him, and he sipped it. It was quite nice, but the taste of it was hardly what dominated his thoughts in that moment. Lady Christina was only a few feet away now, and she was looking him up and down hungrily.

"Thank you very much, milady."

"Of course," Christina set her empty glass down on the drawer nearby, and Evan followed suit. "You're part of this house now, and you're in my room tonight as more of a guest than a servant. You see, I need help with something, and I was hoping you could be the man for the job."

"Milady, I would be happy to help you with anything you could possibly want," conveying with his voice as much as possible that he knew what she meant without coming across as vulgar.

"I've called you hear to my chambers because I need to... unwind," she said, and with that, opened her robe and let it drop to the floor. Underneath she was wearing nothing but an open chemise so sheer it might as well have been invisible, and underneath that, lacy pink lingerie. The sight of her magnificent curves laid nearly bare for him in that underwear made Evan light-headed, and he struggled to keep his composure. Her big, creamy white legs were fully exposed. The thickness of her thighs was accentuated by the tiny pair of panties she wore. Her massive breasts strained against the decorative material of her bra. Her smile only grew as she took in the way he looked at her nearly bared body. She sidled up to him, gently caressing his chest with her delicate fingers, transfixing him with her brilliant blue eyes. "Do you know what I find helps me to unwind the best? Having a big, hard cock in my mouth."

Her full lips delicately pronounced every syllable coming from her erotically breathy voice. Evan had already found her quite the beauty, but from the second he entered the room, the seduction was complete. Good lord, he would do anything she asked.

Pitching her voice a little higher, sweetness and faux innocence drenching her every word, she practically whispered in his face, "Evan, you wouldn't happen to have a big, hard cock I could suck on, would you?"

"Yes," Evan gasped out. He was amazed he even had the power to speak at this point. "Well, milady," he amended with as much dignity as he could muster, "I'm not sure whether it's big enough for your taste, but I'd be happy to take it out and let your ladyship decide."

Christina smiled warmly at him, and pulled him by the arm over to her bed. She sat on the side of the bed, stood him right in front of her, and reclined slightly, looking lustily up at him. "Go on, then, pull out your cock."

Evan fumbled a bit at the crotch of his pants, hastily undoing the buttons, pulling them and his briefs down to reveal to her his erect penis. Lady Christina's face took on a thoughtful look as she examined it.

"Not bad," she said, not impressed but satisfied nevertheless. "That'll do just fine."

And with no warning, she came forward, grabbed his cock in one little hand, and slid it swiftly into her wet mouth.

Evan felt like he could have come right then and there. He'd had his fair share of blowjobs, but this was on the next level. The subtle way her lips moved as she bobbed her mouth up and down on him, the undulations of her powerful tongue stroking against his manhood, they were more intense than anything he'd ever felt.

Without stopping her ministrations, Christina yanked his trousers down, and squeezed his buttocks in her hands. She hummed pleasantly around his cock as her hands kneaded his ass. She gently pushed him closer to her, guiding more and more of his length down her throat. Evan had tried to keep control of his reactions, but at this point he could no longer hold back, and moaned loud and hard as this beautiful lady took his entire shaft into her sweet mouth. Christina didn't seem to mind, but she did pop him out of her mouth after a few seconds.

"I trust that as a gentleman, you know not to come in my mouth when I haven't given you permission yet."

"Y-yes, of course, milady," Evan gasped. He was good at controlling his orgasms, but the way Christina sucked him was more than he was prepared for. He hoped and prayed that he could follow her orders.

"Good," Christina purred, and ran her tongue up the length of his shaft. "Now take off your shirt."

Evan unbuttoned himself quickly as Christina let her tongue play gently around the head of his penis. When his chest was exposed, she ran her hands over it, caressing every slightest shape of it. Her eyes were locked on him as she bobbed up and down on his manhood.

"Ooh, your chest is very nice," she said, almost as if to herself, as if she didn't need a response. However, in the heat of the moment, brain flooded with endorphins, Evan gave her one anyway.

"Not as nice as yours, milady."

Christina smiled smugly up at him. "Oh?" she said playfully. "All right, get on your knees."

He did as instructed, now at eye level with her. Her hands reached into her cleavage and pulled out a front clasp, delicately undoing it, before swiftly opening the bra and letting loose her enormous tits before Evan's very eyes. He had thought Hayley's were big—and they were—but nothing he'd ever seen compared to the rack in front of him right now.

"Oh my god," was all he could manage, before burying his face in her glorious cleavage, taking as big a handful as he could of each and squeezing them around his face. Christina let out a high-pitched gasp of arousal as he lavished her breasts with his mouth.
