 Days passed, and Evan settled into his role among the household staff. He set tables and cleaned silverware and did laundry and swept floors, and all manner of work that he found perfectly manageable and perfectly tedious. He would have been champing at the bit for word about when he might be heading home, but there was something else distracting him—his encounter with Lady Christina. He didn't expect anything more between them, but the eroticism of that night never left his mind, and he found himself constantly wishing for more. Christina never called for him again, nor gave him a second glance on the rare occasions they were in the same room, so Evan knew he wished in vain. It was hard to get out of his head.

Between his strange new surroundings and his sexual encounter, Evan's head tended to be an especially busy place these days.

Lady Christina and Princess Rosabell didn't take dinner in the palace as often as not. The two of them were quite the social butterflies, and when they were around they were the most active conversationalists at the table. Rosabell was always going on about some different Senator or Madame or Sir that she spent time with the other day. Queen Salma was always present—as the Queen, her social circle was no doubt obliged to come to her rather than the other way around. Lady Olivia, however, seemed merely to prefer staying in.

"You should have seen the look on Gallagher's face when his wife called him out on it," Rosabell tittered over dinner one night.

"Serves him right," Olivia intoned dryly from across the table. "Everyone knows what a flirt he is. Did he think he was being subtle?"

"Is gossip really necessary at the dinner table, darling?" the Queen aimed at her daughter, eyebrows arched.

Rosabell rolled her eyes in a typically teenage way, but she didn't stop smiling. The Princess never seemed to stop smiling. "Oh come on, Mother. Don't tell me you weren't curious?"

"Not really," Queen Salma replied, taking a sip from her goblet. "The Senator's private life is none of my concern. Only his public one."

"You're no fun."

Evan had been serving dinner that evening alongside a serving-girl named Miracle, and though he strived to be a courteous server, he would occasionally exchange amused glances with her from across the table. As strange as his new life here was, it was all the more important to have friends like her.

It had been very easy to make friends with Miracle. She was a sweet person who wore her heart on her sleeve, always there with a smile and a positive word. Evan envied people like that, and he always strove to let them inspire him to be nicer. Miracle also happened to be exceptionally pretty.

--

That evening, Evan and Miracle walked back towards the servants' quarters together. Miracle talked about how she had been raised here, how her parents had been servants, how rare that was, and how good the family had been to them. When Evan had mentioned that he was from above, she said that it wasn't uncommon to get visitors from above, but that she still found it exciting to meet and talk with one. Miracle asked him all sorts of questions about life in his world, and was fascinated even in the parts that were basically the same as life in Atlantis. Evan was frequently blushing sheepishly—he felt like quite a celebrity, truth be told. At least he wasn't the only one of them to feel so bashful about it. His own questions about his new home seemed to flatter her as well.

"So, what's the story on the Princess?" Evan asked. "Spoiled brat?"

Miracle smiled. "Not that bad. She's... Well, let's just say I wouldn't want to be related to her, but as household staff, she's only ever been polite to me."

"Well, good," Evan said. "I'm not used to dealing with royalty. If she were ever mean to you, I might forget my decorum and call her out on that shit."

Her smile widened and she giggled. "Well, that's very sweet of you."

Without either of them consciously realizing it, they had come to a stop in the middle of the hallway. Miracle gingerly tucked a lock of her long brown hair behind one ear.

"Since we're done for the evening, I could show you around the mansion, if you like. I mean, I know you've been around and you've seen a lot of it, but maybe a more, um, personal tour... if you like?"

"That'd be nice," Evan said softly. Miracle's big brown eyes beamed at him. She was very, very pretty indeed. And she was standing right in front of him, giving him every signal in the world.

He might not have dared kiss her had he not been so pent up since his encounter with Christina. He would have wanted to, most certainly, but it was only due to his now perpetually excited state that he got up the nerve, and there in that hallway, he moved in and pressed his lips against Miracle's. His hand tucked itself gently around the back of her head as he did so, and he could feel her swooning. Her arms wrapped themselves around his shoulders to pull him closer, and she let out involuntary little moans into his mouth as their kiss continued.

Evan barely summoned the self-awareness to realize that this was not quite the place for their very intimate moment, long enough to break off the kiss and say, "We should find someplace more private."

"There's, um, there's an empty room just down there."

--

Evan shut the door behind them as they entered the small side room, and then turned his full attention toward the beautiful woman before him. They resumed their kiss, her hands running through his hair, his roaming, making themselves familiar with every curve of her very curvy body. Even through the cotton fabric of her dress, her breasts felt wonderful. He kneaded those sweet, soft mounds, and his thumbs managed to locate her hardening nipples beneath the layers of her dress and her bra. Their faces stayed close together, but their kiss broke off, for Miracle was so rapt in his ministrations she couldn't stop her mouth from gasping in pleasure for long enough to kiss him.

Evan's hands then made their way downward, eventually sliding low enough to get underneath the skirt of her dress, caressing first her juicy thighs, and then her voluptuous butt. By this point Miracle was practically writhing; her hands were laid on Evan's chest, and she was digging her nails into it. She pulled at his shirt, eventually clawing up to the rim, and hastily unbuttoning it down.

As Miracle got her hands under Evan's shirt, his own hands made their way under her panties, squeezing the bare flesh of her ass. Evan's cock felt ready to explode, but he kept his self-control. Enough of it, anyway. He was in no hurry to finish this little encounter.

"Ooh, take them off," Miracle requested breathily, and then pulled away, lying on her back even on the hardwood floor. She kept her hips elevated and Evan grabbed hold of her panties and slid them down and off her beautiful legs, baring her lovely wet cunt.

He got down over her, coming back in for another kiss, propping himself up with one arm while the other reached down to slid a hand between her legs. He brushed her clit with his fingers, and she gasped. He rubbed at it harder and she cried out.

"Oh yes," she gasped. She was hot and ready, and Evan was barely containing himself from pouncing all over her. He positioned himself between her spread legs and lowered his trousers, freeing his aching cock. Miracle was already starting to get flushed and breathless, and they'd just begun, but she was also smiling brightly as Evan approached her. He leaned in to her face and gave her a sweet, gentle peck on the lips as his manhood pressed against her other lips.

They both knew they had to stay quiet—in some part of their minds not clouded by lust—but that was easier said then done. Evan stifled a great moan as he slid his shaft into Miracle's soft cunt, slowly filling her up. He rested her legs up on his shoulders and pumped his strong hips deliberately against her.

Even through her clothing, Miracle's bosom bounced with each thrust, and it drove Evan crazy. He kept in his position, holding her curvy legs against him as he pushed deeper into her, but he didn't need to do all the work.

"Miracle, could you unbutton your dress?" he asked, the cordiality of his words sounding awkward against the heat of arousal in his voice.

"Oh, right," Miracle said, seeming to have just broken out of a trance, tearing her eyes away from his face and chest. "Never had a man as handsome as you on top of me," Miracle cooed sweetly as she ran her hands over his chest.

"You're quite a beauty yourself."

She blushed. The buttons on the maids' dresses went down to the stomach, and with them all unbuttoned, Miracle was able to pull the blouse part off her shoulders and down enough to show Evan her full breasts in a black bra. Miracle kept going, even through the intense pleasure of Evan's cock thrusting into her, undoing her bra and tossing it aside. Evan moaned a little too loudly at seeing those gorgeous tits laid bare before him. They jiggled fantastically with each buck of his hips into her, and Miracle, seeing how taken Evan was with the sight of them, started playing with her breasts, squeezing them, pressing them together to form a valley of cleavage. Evan held himself off for a few seconds, but then changed position to bring his face down and bury it in her chest.

Miracle squealed and sighed as Evan massaged her tits, pinched her nipples, and traced circles around her areolae with his tongue.

"Oh fuck," Miracle moaned, "Oh yes, keep playing with my tits, Evan, I'm gonna cum!"

Spurred on by this declaration, Evan gave it to her harder and faster. He squeezed her tits against his face and gently pinched both of her nipples at once, pulling just hard enough on them to send Miracle over the edge. She wrapped her arms around his back and her legs around his waist as she came all over his cock. He brought the speed down but kept fucking as her orgasm subsided.

"Now you," Miracle breathed. "Now you come."

"Have you ever had a cock in between these?" he growled huskily up at her, giving her tits a squeeze as he did.

Miracle seemed to blush—more than she already was, anyway, "Never."

"Could I be your first?"

She nodded, and Evan pulled out to get himself into position. Straddling her chest, he slapped his cock down against her sternum, and then took hold of her delicious melons to press them around the sides of his shaft.

Miracle, for her part, seemed rather taken aback by the sensation. "Wow!" she gasped excitedly as Evan rutted her breasts. Her eyes were transfixed. She reached under his arms and pulled her blouse down as far as it would stretch to make his access easier.

"Oh, Evan, you look so sexy like this," Miracle moaned softly, running her hands through her hair as his own hands squeezed even tighter around her boobs.

Evan's eyes were torn away from the sight of his dick sliding between her rack to stare fixedly into her big, pretty eyes. "So do you."

Miracle gave a delighted little giggle and then a gasp of pure arousal.

"This feels so good, Evan. Your cock makes my breasts feel so... It's like they're tingling!"

"Can I cum on them?" Evan gasped.

"Oh yes, please!" Miracle moaned, louder than before.

"Tell me," Evan pushed on. His mind was exploding, surging in the fiery arousal of the moment. "Tell me you want my cum on your big tits!"

"I want it!" she cried, and either she knew how to sell it better than any rookie he'd ever known, or she really meant it. "Cum on my tits! Show me how much I turn you on!"

"Oh fuck yes," he groaned.

"Show me how hot my body is! Show me how much you love my big boobs! All over them! Cum for me!"

"I'm cumming, Miracle!" Evan cried, and withdrew his cock from between her knockers just in time to aim it straight at them, and unloaded several streams of semen all over them. Miracle cupped them together with her free hands, enraptured at the sight of his juices coating her magnificent bosom.

Evan collapsed forward in exhaustion, and gave Miracle a few more tender pecks on the cheek. As he turned to un-straddle his satisfied partner, however, he nearly fell to the floor in surprise. Standing there in the doorway, watching with an eager smile on her face, was Princess Rosabell. Miracle didn't seem to have noticed yet, but the Princess was clearly not trying to hide herself at all. Evan froze, uncertain of what to do. Rosabell merely put a delicate little finger to her lips, and left the doorway. 

Miracle looked light-headed, like she was still floating down from the excitement, her tits still covered in his seed. 

"Oh my god, Evan," she sighed. "That was so amazing."

"Yeah," he agreed, wholeheartedly, but distracted all the same, "It really was."