 Dan ran down the sidewalk effortlessly, dodging people as he went. Being chased was nothing new. It was a hazard of life for a thief. He wasn't much worried about being caught. Once he was clear of all the people on the busy street, he could and would outdistance anything and anyone. Bio assistance was a necessity in his line of work.

He reached the corner and made a left. The street was empty. His speed nearly doubled and he was at the entrance to an alley in seconds. He made another left to double back on the people chasing him and slowed. The alley was a dead end. 

Stopping in confusion, he mentally went back over the map in his head. He was where he should be all right but the alley had changed. Two days before it had been open, now there was a brick wall across it. A wooden door in that wall was the only way out. Going back was not an option. 

All his carefully laid plans were beyond that wall. He tried the door. It was locked of course, but for a thief, locks were just an inconvenience. He had it picked and was through it in a few seconds. The room he entered was dark, damp, and warm.

It took only a few seconds for his night vision to kick in and then he froze. A woman was standing across the room from him. A beautiful woman at that, tall, slender, and nude. Well, almost anyway. 

Soft knee-high leather boots, a harness with straps over her shoulders and across her chest, above and below her breasts. Leather cords were tied on each bicep and thigh. Strands of the cord hung down at each point and had metal ends. 

Two long handles with silver balls on the ends showed one above each shoulder. As Dan watched, the woman reached up and pulled on one of the handles with both hands. A thin metal blade appeared that was as long as the handle. It was a sword.

Dan reached for the doorknob behind him. It wasn't there, even when he felt around and to either sides of his body. The door was not there either. A nude woman was fine with him but a nude woman with a sword was not. No weapons were allowed on this world and he thought it was a very good rule. 

He took several quick glances behind him. The door wasn't there and the wall was not brick any longer, it was solid rock. Ok, that was enough; he did not want to play this game any longer, especially when someone kept changing the rules and the playing field.

Who, what, when, where, and what the fuck, kept floating around in his mind but Dan didn't say anything. The woman had drawn the sword but had not moved. She held the handle between her breasts with both hands, the blade pointing up and the edge away from her face.

If she didn't move or say anything, then he wasn't about to. Women with knives were dangerous. Women with big, very sharp looking swords were worse than that. He might be crazy but he wasn't anyone's fool. There was still the possibility that she did not know where he was.

All bets were off as a sudden blaze of light knocked his eyes off line. 

*****

About the time Dan could see again, the woman spoke. "If you want to live, you need to stand close behind me so the light shield will protect you also."

"What?" Dan asked in confusion.

"Come stand close up behind me and hurry."

"Uh, if you say so." Dan replied as he hurried over to stand behind the woman.

As he moved in close behind her, the light that was covering her body expanded to cover his. That answered that question. Now, if he only had any idea about the staying alive part, he would be a happy camper. Staying alive was high on his list of things to do.

The longer he stood there, the warmer it got and not just because of the fine naked ass pressed to the front of his pants. It was warm enough that he had sweat popping out on his forehead and running down his face. 

"Can you turn the heat down or the air conditioning on?" He asked jokingly.

"It's the shield and our coming visitor. You have far to many clothes on." She replied in a whisper. "Now be quiet so I can hear."

Dan upped the range on his hearing and listened for a few seconds. He heard nothing except their breathing and heartbeats. He was also growing hotter so he slipped off his jacket. That helped a little but he could feel the perspiration on his chest and back as a tickling sensation. He unbuttoned his shirt.

Ten minutes went by and Dan was about to melt from the heat. He removed his shirt. He still had not heard anything but the woman seemed to be listening intently. He could see beads of sweat coursing slowly down her body and felt the same on his. 

He had the urge to put his hands on the slick, shiny, tempting skin in front of him. Visions of her sword mangling his body held him in check. If he didn't have his pants on, his hard ridged manhood would be between her luscious ass cheeks. He wondered what she would think of that. 

Visions of that sword and his manhood made him shiver. He studied the sword scabbards crossed on her back. Men and women in assorted sexual positions adorned them. She wasn't a prude if she wore stuff like that. Her being naked and not trying to cover up had already told him that.

He hadn't seen any hair on her sex and the sides of her head was shaved. It was a strange haircut. There was a stiff three-inch tall by two inch wide Mohawk down the center of her head, but the back was full and long. The hair in back was braided and down to her waist.

Strange, very strange. She definitely was not from any place he knew of. He had traveled extensively in the galaxy and her mode of dress and weapons fit nowhere. Other than her muscular physic, she could have been from anywhere, except for the hairstyle that is.

A hint of sulfur in the air and a building pressure drew his attention away from the woman. A dull red glow was forming across the room from where they stood. Maybe room wasn't the right word. They were in what looked more like a very large cave but the floor was paved with blocks of stone.

"Be ready to move with me," the woman whispered. 

"Uh, how will I know when and where?" Dan asked in the same type whisper.

"Put your hands on my hips, I'll try and give you a signal but you'll have to be quick."

Dan put his hands on her hips. As he did, he noticed his hands were shaking. Was it fear of the unknown or the thought of touching the woman? He never had time to find an answer. The red glow burst into a brilliant red light and they were moving.

The woman backed up several steps, pushing Dan as she went. There was something forming in the red light and it didn't look good. In fact, it look like hell, a demon at the very least and the devil at the worse. Whichever, it was big and nasty looking.

Folklore devils and demons vary greatly from planet to planet and culture to culture. This one was red with black wings. The face was humanoid but wide at the brow and narrow at the chin. Two large curved horns were at the hairline but there wasn't any hair, just slick black skin.

The body was powerful looking and twice his size. Dan's first thought was flight but the thought of the woman facing this thing alone, rooted him to the spot. He almost missed the cue when she took a slow step to the right. She twitched her hip and moved the other way.

She gave him hip cues for all four directions and then said, "It's us or him. We can't let him leave this place."

Dan thought a moment and then asked, "Uh, can I borrow that other sword of yours, I'm feeling kind of defenseless, if you know what I mean."

"Do you know how to use it?"

"Not really but I can be a damned fast learner when I have to be."

"For right now, just follow me and lend me your energy." The woman answered. "If things go wrong for me then it is yours and may the Gods have mercy on us both."

Before Dan could reply the thing across the room roared and then said in a deep rumbling voice, "Clear out humans. I will have my freedom and there is nothing you can do to stop me."

"You will not pass!" The woman replied.

"Then prepare to die a fearsome death." The creature said as it raised its massive arms and flexed its fingers. Talons, six inches long were at each fingertip. 

"Are those his only weapons?" Dan asked hopefully.

"That, and fire, and the ability to fly. He's also faster than he looks, much faster."

"I had to ask," Dan whispered to himself sarcastically.

"Get ready," the woman whispered, "It's time to dance with the devil."

The creature in question made circles with his left hand and a ball of molten rock appeared in it. His arm moved in a blur and the ball was a fiery streak as it came their way. They dodged right and then back left as a second ball followed the first.

As the second fireball passed, the woman darted forward, her blade sang and the demon screamed as she opened a long cut down his left arm. The creature took a swing at them with his right arm but missed by the barest of inches. 

As they moved away, the woman shouted, "Return to your rightful place!"

"You do not order me!" the Devil replied.

The woman darted right and then left, the blade sang and a long cut appeared across the devils chest. With a roar, he swiped at the woman but only got another cut on his left arm.

"I said return to your place." 

The Devil raised his wings high and with a powerful stroke swept them forward. The force of the hot wind moved the two humans back half a step. The thick smell of sulfur made Dan gag. The Devil advanced, his wings flapping powerfully and fireball flew from both hands.

Dan and the woman slowly fell back from the powerful gusts and dodging the molten rock. Once the woman ducked and Dan almost didn't follow quick enough. The searing heat from the fireball singed his hair.

"Oh shit!" Dan yelled as he slapped at his smoldering hair. 

With his hands off the woman's hips, she zigged and he zagged. Part of the right side of his body exited the force field. There was blistering heat on his right arm and shoulder, his pants leg burst into flames. 

Dan jerked back inside the pale blue glow and danced around as he quickly removed his pants. Luckily, the baggy legs came off over his running shoes easily. He pressed his body back to the young woman and grabbed her hips. He was surprised to find that he still had a hard-on.

The woman jerked at the feel of his manhood pressed between her slick ass cheeks. Then she pressed back even tighter against him, his dick moving farther between her slippery cheeks. The fireballs were coming at a slower rate.

"That should increase my energy," the woman whispered as she wiggled her ass slowly from side to side.

"Uh.... Ok," Dan whispered back.

"Sexual energy is good energy. Devils and Demons don't like it. It eats into their power." 

"I'll remember that," Dan said as he flexed his hips, his dick sliding easily between the woman's satiny cheeks.

The devil seemed to pause a second, the force of his wings not quite so sharp and powerful. The woman darted forward and a large slit appeared in the Devils right wing. She danced left and a slit appeared in the left wing. They dodged a swipe of the Devils left hand. The sword sang and left a deep cut across the wrist and the back of his hand. With a roar, the devil took a step back. 

The woman whirled the sword above her head and then moved forward and down to land a cut across the front of both thighs. Dan grinned and then winced; the cuts were only inches from the head of the Devils long thick dick.

The Devil screamed and took a step back. 

"Return to your place!" the woman yelled.

She got a fireball as a reply. 

"We need more energy," she said to Dan. "We have him retreating."

With a grin, Dan moved his hips back. Using one hand, he guided his dick down and pressed the head between the woman's upper thighs. They were nearly the same height so his dick slid easily between her legs and pressed tightly to the heat of her sex.

A shiver ran up and down the woman's body and her thighs clasped tightly together. With a soft moan she whispered, "You are a smarter partner than I originally thought you would be."

"Horny, is probably a better word," Dan muttered as he worked his hips back and forth slowly.

The woman moaned softly and then signaled a move. Left, right, left. Gaps appeared in both wings and a deep cut to the upper right bicep were the result. Instead of moving away, the woman moved farther right and slashed down behind the devil with the sword.

The devil screamed and jerked away, not even bothering to attack. Something wiggled and twisted on the stone floor. It was several feet of the Devils tail. The horn barb at the end of it making a clicking sound against the stone as it moved.

"That's one less weapon," the woman said as they moved back to the left. 

"That's got to hurt," Dan whispered.

"It'll grow back but it'll take a while," the woman said as her hips worked back and forth moving Dan's trapped dick against her hot slippery sex. "Damn, that feels heavenly."

"I don't think the light shield is working as well down there," Dan said jokingly as he spanked his hips against her ass solidly.

The woman shivered and then moaned softly. "What do you think is powering the light shield?" Before he could answer, she came up on her toes and rolled her ass back. Dan's dick rammed home in her sopping wet pussy in one thrust.

Dan groaned loudly as the fiery heat of her sex sheathed him. He could feel her inner muscles clutching and grabbing his full length. He pulled back on her hips, drawing her even tighter to him. 

Bending at the waist, the woman put the point of her sword on the stone floor for a brace and whispered, "Fuck me, fuck me hard."

Dan glanced at the Devil and then did as he was told. He pulled back until just the head of his dick was in her heat and then he rammed it home. The woman groaned loudly as his hips spanked against her ass.

"Harder!" she yelled.

Dan was only to happy to oblige as he got a better grip on her hips and spanked her ass as hard and fast as he could. 

The woman yelled and the devil growled. The two sounds were loud and mixed together, echoing off the walls of the cave. The longer and harder Dan fucked the woman, the louder she got, her voice overpowering the Devils growls.

Dan felt his orgasm building and turned his mental attention to the Devil to try to slow it down. The Devil had moved back to the point where it had first appeared. The memory of him asking about the woman's second sword flashed across his mind. He grinned as he realized he was using a sword of his own in a way.

The Devil must have seen the grin because he raised his hand to make a fireball, a toothy snarl on his face. Dan made two extra hard thrusts. The woman screamed in joy and the fireball never materialized. Two more hard thrusts and the Devil seemed to dim and shimmer. 

Suddenly, the woman was coming and coming hard. Her body shaking and jerking as pure pleasure ripped through her body. Dan continued to pound into her from behind as he realized he was seconds away from his own orgasm.

As Dan came, there was a flash of red light as the devil disappeared. Dan didn't even notice, as his eyes were closed and he was lost in that other world of sexual release and complete fulfillment. 

*****

Dan returned to his senses sitting on the cool damp stone of the floor. The woman was sitting astraddle his hips, facing away from him, his slowly softening dick still inside her. He wasn't sure how they had ended up in this position or even when but it didn't matter. There was no sign of the Devil and the air was cooler.

"That went better than I expected," the woman whispered between ragged breaths.

"The Devil thing or the sex thing?" Dan asked with a chuckle.

"Both actually." The woman took several long deep breaths and added, "I really didn't expect to live through the first of those and had never even considered the second."

"I just wish I knew what was going on. That alley wasn't blocked yesterday and.... Where the hell am I?"

"It's closer than you might think. Hell, that is. This is the gate to that realm."

"There really is a hell? I thought that was just a myth."

The woman chuckled and then sighed. "If only that were so. This battle has been raging on and off since time began. I'm just glad we won this round."

"How often does this happen?"

"It all depends on how strong the victory or loss was. A victory for us can bring ten or twenty years of peace and prosperity. A loss can bring about wars that ravage whole planets over centuries. I have a feeling that this was a major victory for us. The physical defeat was minor but the psychological one was enormous. Banishing him with our emotions and the joy of our union has to be devastating for him."

"It liked to have killed me," Dan said with a laugh. "But what a way to go."

The woman laughed along with him and then groaned as she stood up. "I'm getting to old for this." She groaned again as she bent to pick up her sword.

"Old? You way younger than I am," Dan said as he sat up.

The woman grinned down at him and replied, "Don't bet on that. This is my third battle in the last ninety years. The first two were demons, one lesser and one greater. Both were fierce battles so I figured this one would be far worse." She paused a moment and then added, "I didn't have help with the first two. I think you made all the difference in the world."

"I... Uh... I...." Dan stammered a moment. "Ninety years? No way. You don't look a day over twenty."

"Add about a hundred and thirty to that and you'd be close," the woman said with a laugh at Dan's shocked face.

"I've always liked older women but this is ridiculous." Dan paused to cock his head to the side and looked the woman up and down. "But then again...."

The woman chuckled and then turned to walk over and pick up Dan's discarded coat. She used it to clean the blade of her sword. Dan spent the time watching her fine naked body. That is until a leather bag fell out of the pocket of the coat. The bag hit the floor and precious stones and jewels spilled out.

The woman used the toe of her soft boot to stir the jewels. "Young, handsome, a great lover, and rich to boot. What else could a woman ask for?"

"Yeah and I might yet live to enjoy it all if I haven't screwed up the timing to get off this planet," Dan said with a frown. "By now, every cop know to man knows what I look like and what I'm carrying."

"These aren't yours?" The woman asked with a frown.

"They are if I can keep them. I had it all planned out, double back down this alley, a quick cab ride to the spaceport and off planet in less than a half hour. I've missed that flight, I'm sure."

"What Planet were you on?"

"Sirius three. Where else would I be?"

The woman grinned and replied, "Hades."

"Where the hell is.... Uh, yeah, maybe that's not a good way to ask that question."

"Probably not." The woman replied and then added, "This planet is well off the beaten track. Less than one in a million even know of its existence."

Uh, how far off the beaten track would it be?"

"Very close to the galactic center."

"That's a good hot place for Hell but how do you get back on the beaten track from here."

"There are several temporal corridors similar to the one that brought you here available that lead back to civilization as you know it." The woman told him as she sheathed her sword. "But...."

"Ok, yeah, there's always a but."

The woman laughed and turned to shake hers in his direction.

"Sensational to say the least but that's not what I meant and you know it."

Turning back to Dan, she said, "For every Hell there has to be a Heaven. How would you like to see mine or at least my part of it?"

Dan just looked at the woman.

"Since you were so much help and so creative in beating the Devil, it's only fair that you get a little time in Heaven."
