 She felt the passage of time as a vague concept, her mind a buzz of pleasure. Her mouth worked mechanically, sucking by rote. Something creamy passed her lips, sliding down her throat and coating it with a sweet aftertaste. 

She stared ahead dully, blinking as her eyes took in her limited surroundings. She was staring at the floor, tiled in an unremarkable gray. She was bent over, resting calmly against a piece of molded plastic. The plastic pressed against her stomach, supporting her chest while allowing her breasts to pass through cutouts.

Her arms were pointed straight down, secured in plastic tunnels. She could flex her hands around grips, but tugging with her arms did nothing. That was okay, there was no point in moving. Not when she felt so spacey.

She tongued the gag in her mouth, gnawing at the inflated rubber bulb which was lodged behind her front teeth. It was a globe, filling her mouth comfortably. Her tongue swirled around the back of the globe, getting caught in a large tube that had been bored through the gag.

The gag was attached to a mask. She was wearing a mask. She giggled to herself, staring straight ahead as if this was a normal occurrence. She just now realized that the mask was strapped to her head, pulled taut against her face to cover her nose and lips.

Why should being masked bother her? She felt great. 

Time passed as she sucked on the inflated rubber ball. She blinked, amused to find that her legs were secured as well, her ankles locked onto the platform she had been bound to. 

She shifted her weight back and forth out of idle curiosity, noting that something large and heavy was lodged in her privates. Something was strapped around her waist as well, pressed against her pubic area. 

She pressed her hips into the molded plastic, confirming that the harness she wore had been plugged into her vagina, a rock hard cock lodged deep inside. Her thighs flexed, welcoming the protuberance as it pulsed for her.

The pleasure she experienced from this was muted, as if she wasn't directly experiencing reality. This could all be a dream, random neurons in her brain firing to bring her this fantasy. Where else would one normally experience being bound and filled with thick dildos? 

Legs walked by her bed, lithe and green. Neon green, as if lit from within by electric lights. The legs were clad in ankle boots with platform heels, a slight arch lifting the heel a few inches off the ground. The boots themselves were made of patent leather, looking polished and exotic.

The legs stopped in front of her, and she caught a glimpse of black rubber. The unknown person leaned over, showing off a generous bust sealed into a skin tight rubber bodysuit. 

Something soft was attached to her head, tucked around her ears. A beat pulsed in her head, faint but growing louder. The rhythmic tone scattered her thoughts, forcing her to live in the now. She shifted her shoulders, making a low gurgling in her mask. 

The whirr of a pump sounded, momentarily louder than that of the enforced rhythm in her head, but it was quickly drowned out by the consuming beat. The beats lengthened, strengthening as they wormed their way inside her. 

The liquid began to rush through the gag faster, coolness gurgling in the back of her mouth. The pressure built up sufficiently so that she was forced to swallow. The sweet creaminess lit up her brain with joy. She sucked on the gag, the fluid being pumped into her with the same rhythm as that being taught to her by the beat.

There were additional undertones and overtones playing along with the beat, but her buzzed mind couldn't process them consciously. The tones found fertile ground in her subconscious, programming her as she sucked. 

The strange woman, with her neon green arms, brought over a device with dual dome-like cups, the interior of the cups as large as small cantaloupes. Its use quickly became clear as she pressed one of the domes up against her left breast. It attached with a pop, sealing over her flesh with rapid suction. The second dome was applied, giving her a matching pair.

The green hands stroked along her shoulder blades, the warm touch strangely soothing. There came a sharp pinch on her shoulder, a thin throb of pain and a strange discomfort. The process was repeated three more times, twice on each shoulder in total.

"Looks like high production today. You're tolerating the injections much better than the others. At this rate, you will easily surpass the projected induction rate. Good cow."

The warm fingers returned, petting her on the head. "You might even be the fastest conversion we've seen. If this keeps up, we might consider bringing you to the next level of treatment sooner than anticipated."

Was that what she was? A cow? What could that be? She tingled with pleasure at being complimented. Whatever a cow was, she wanted to be the best one she could be. 

The suction domes pulsed on her body, alternating sides as they yanked on her swollen teats. The process was painful at first, but as she became acclimated, the pain settled into a dull ache. It was even a bit pleasurable.

As the vacuum continued, she could feel something within her breasts relax, settling into the pressure and letting go. Her teats were wet, milk expressing from their tips. The suction pulled the liquid away as soon as it appeared, tugging, sucking, extracting her milk with inexorable force.

The squeezing was rough, but enjoyable. Her breasts became less swollen as the milk was extracted, providing her a form of relief. Just as she thought it couldn't get any better, the dildos embedded in her vagina and ass began to vibrate, jiggling as they bounced up and down irregularly.

Her breathing came rough, the extra unexpected stimulation hitting her like a ton of bricks. Her thighs seized up, squeezing against the intruders. She pressed her toes against the floor in a futile attempt at freedom so that she could writhe in pleasure. 

She squirmed, sucking down the sweet liquid in her mouth to calm her nerves, allowing the hissing noise in her ears to guide her actions. Her chest wobbled, throbbing as her milk flowed freely.

Her mind wandered, following the beat as she sailed along in the sea of pleasure washing from her nipples to her thighs and back again. She was synchronized, her entire body running to the beat, her heart pulsing along in sympathetic rhythm. 

Her bondage faded away as unimportant in the face of such stimulation. She was being milked. She was a good cow. That was all that mattered. 

She hadn't thought about anything for so long that these truths lit up like bright lights in her brain. The thoughts felt foreign, as if they had just recently became her reality.

The sounds hissed in her ear, teaching and reinforcing her good behavior. As she thought the good thoughts over and over, they implanted themselves into her mind.

Soon, they were familiar truths, imprinting themselves as a mantra she kept repeating to herself. She was a cow. She was being milked. This was as it should be. 

Sooner than she had anticipated, her breasts ran dry. The suction continued for another minute, alternating back and forth until the system determined that she was well and truly dry. The cups disconnected with a wet pop, dropping from her breasts and swinging away from her body. They must be attached to the ceiling somewhere.

The dildos in her nethers continued to vibrate, but they were also on the downswing, the buzzing fading. With regret, the cow settled in her harness, waiting to be attended. The hiss in her ears continued, but the beat had faded.

She drifted, thinking about nothing in particular. A sharp pain blossomed in her skull. Half forgotten memories rushed into her mind's eye, bringing her back to relive the past. She moaned, an unwilling participant in the flashback. 

She was behind the wheel, a masked man sliding into the passenger's seat. Her foot jammed the accelerator to the floor, the vehicle lurching into motion as if stung by a bee. She could feel the thrill of the chase as if it was yesterday, the rapid breeze flowing through open windows. The sharp trill of the sirens came ever closer, only one step behind.

They slalomed through the first intersection, narrowly missing a track filled with produce. The intersection's lights blazed red, changed due to the emergency signal broadcast by law enforcement. Even so, their back end clipped a hovering sedan which had been unable to stop in time when the lights had changed. 

Her vehicle shuddered, a chunk of the body work breaking off with a crunch. The hover motors whined, redirecting their thrust as she spun the wheel. Her heart pumping, she jammed her foot down on the accelerator.

The car leaped forward, grinding as it strained for speed. Up ahead was a major cross street, but she thought she spotted an opening. She swung wide to the right, riding up over the curb. Small brush banged against the undercarriage of the vehicle, making a horrendous rumbling noise. 

The car jumped the curb into the intersection, acting squirrely as the levitation engines did their best to keep the vehicle stable. She was used to this behavior, deftly compensating for the imbalance. 

What she couldn't account for was a four door pickup that ran the red light, t-boning her from her blind spot on the right. Her head bounced against the driver's side column, causing her to momentarily black out while their vehicle drifted sideways into oncoming traffic. 

She regained consciousness in time to see the danger, jamming her foot on the brakes. The levitation engines spun forward, dumping their velocity at a terrific rate. Their bodies were flung forward, pinned against the dashboard. The car may not have had friction to contend with, but it couldn't shed momentum fast enough.

Their car smashed into a minivan, a full head on collision crumpling the fronts of both vehicles. There was a tremendous crash, her ears ringing as the airbag exploded in front of her face. She blinked stupidly, the sudden silence just as jarring as the initial crash.

She turned to look at her partner, her mouth dropping into a horrified gape. He hadn't buckled his seat belt, his head ramming into the windshield with tremendous force. His skin was pallid, blood trickling down his chin.

She pressed a hand against his side, trying to rouse him, but he was comatose, maybe even dead. She tried to unbuckle her seat belt, but the dash had collapsed inwards, trapping her thighs. With chagrin, she realized they were screwed. The only way for her to leave the vehicle now would be with heavy equipment. 

A plaintive crying noise directed her attention to the car in from of them, which also had two occupants. A little girl was strapped into the passenger side seat, her small face damaged by glass. Her tiny hands pressed against the women in the driver's seat, pawing at her side.

"Mommy, mommy, what's wrong with you?" 

She shifted her eyes to the right and wished she hadn't. The mother hadn't fared nearly as well as her. For whatever reason, the airbag hadn't deployed, her face smashed into the steering column. Blood dripped down her face. 

She looked away, visualizing the blood, dripping, dripping from her hands. "Mommy, mommy!" cried the child in her mind. 

The vision twisted, resetting as if she was trapped in a twisted horror show. The masked man climbed into her car a second time. She applied the accelerator. An odd hissing noise came from beneath the floorboards, no, not the floor. 

She wasn't in a car anymore. She didn't have to remember these horrid memories. She was a cow, paying her debt to humanity. She sucked on the gag, the cool liquid soothing her mind and helping her to lock away the bad memories. As long as she continued to drink, her darkest nightmares would be repressed. Someone had told her that. Given enough time, she might even believe it. 

She drank to her heart's content, pleased that her old life drifted away in a haze. She wasn't that woman any more. She rejected those actions, the evil desires that had led her here. She was being repurposed into something greater than she had ever been on her own.

There came a warmth at her ankles. She blinked, concerned as she realized that she was being unbound, her milking session complete. She sighed with regret and sucked down more of the rich liquid, hoping it would ease her anxiety. 

It wasn't helping. The only place she could forget her past sins was in the milking stalls, and that didn't happen nearly often enough for her. If she went too long without milking, she even started to forget the truths fed into her ears by the headphones clamped to her head. 

"Come, MU2," said her alien keeper, taking away the comfort of the headphones.

She gave a low moan in protest, leaning into the milking stand. A neon green hand patted her side. "We can't leave you here, your body isn't conditioned yet. In a few more weeks, after your course of injections is completed, you'll be ready for longer sessions."

She sighed, swallowing another mouthful of the liquid from her mask. A few weeks seemed like an eternity in her world. How long had she been at the facility already? Her memories tended to blur together. 

She wasn't too concerned with finding out. One of her primary reasons for coming here was to forget her old life, to banish away the graphic images that replayed themselves over and over in her head.

A click came from her milking stand, releasing her arms. She stood up, waiting passively for her keeper to attend her. The busty, green woman was busy arranging her equipment. 

The feeding tube from MU2's mask stretched out in front of her, twisting upwards to the ceiling. The gravity feed provided a constant stream for her to suckle on. She took another swallow. 

While she was drinking, she wasn't thinking. It was better that way. If she didn't think, she couldn't feel guilt. The cry of anguished voices faded in her head as she sucked, providing her a measure of relief. 

Her keeper worked with a large bottle, attaching it to a hose which rinsed its interior. She drained the bottle, screwing it onto a large, stainless steel tank that stood on the far side of the milking stall. Humming as she worked, she pressed a button on her station and the bottle filled with a creamy, white liquid.

Once the bottle was over half full, she stopped the process and unscrewed it. Pulling over a rolling metal stand, she capped the bottle and inverted it within a cylindrical metal cage.

"Bear with me, MU2, this won't take long at all."

She seized the tube running from MU2's mask, running her fingers down the line until they wrapped around a connection point. She snapped off the hose, which released with a small hiss, attaching it to the smaller bottle. "There, all prepped for transport," she declared.

MU2 breathed in the liquid trickling down her throat. She was pleased, but also worried. Over time she seemed to require more and more of the milk to retain her sanity. She dearly hoped that they had another technique for helping her to suppress her memories.

The alien crouched down and grabbed her shoulder, helping her to her feet. She was feeling a bit light headed, and the assistance was welcome. She followed her keeper's lead, padding across the tiled floor on bear feet. 

Radiant heat warmed her soles as they walked, her feet shuffling as she staggered along. The facility was kept at a comfortable temperature for the human animals. They did not require clothing. The keepers, in their latex outfits which did not retain much heat, were just as comfortable as their charges.

The keeper forced her to keep moving, rolling her bottle of milk along with them on a stand. They passed a divider, revealing a second, identical milking stall. Baffles decorated the partition preventing excessive sound from disturbing the milking. 

This stall was occupied by a red head, her moans swallowed by the rubber mask strapped tightly to her skull. The milking domes clicked on and off, streams of the creamy liquid gushing from her breasts, which were almost large enough to entirely fill the cups.

She blinked, making a double take. This cow had four breasts. No, they could almost be termed udders due to their size. Two additional, round, fleshy breasts had grown under her first two. These were also attached to the milking suction cups.

MU2 looked on with jealousy. Not only did the cow have more breasts than her, but she had clearly been at the facility for far longer. Whatever skin coloration she had arrived with had long since faded, being slowly replaced with a uniform ochre brown. Splotches of white decorated her hide, as white as the milk which blasted like jets from her teats.

The cow grunted in pleasure, drinking greedily from her mask. She raised her head, looking at them with dull eyes. Her thoughts had been drained away by the long session, the dildos pumping in her snatch ensuring her long session would be pleasant.

MU2 could only aspire to be as good a milker as this cow. She wasn't sure what it took, but she resolved to do anything the staff recommended so that she could increase her production as fast as possible. Spending her time getting her brain sucked away through the milking pumps seemed far more appealing than reliving past memories.

The bound cow mooed at them, tossing her head in acknowledgment. The keeper chuckled, clucking her tongue as she gave the cow a wave. "MA8 here is a friendly one. She filters more milk than three regular cows combined, and her efficiency keeps increasing! She's a super rare specimen they call an Ultra cow. Don't get your hopes up, only one percent of cows are Ultras." 

MU2 gave the other cow a low moan, unable to scrape together anything more hearty. She was feeling quite exhausted from her flashback. That had been very disturbing. Hopefully with more training she would be able to increase her hardiness.

The keeper squeezed her arm and tugged her gently. "She's an exemplar cow. If you work hard you should at least be able to look just like her. Does that sound good to you?" 

MU2 made a guttural sound, which could have been confused with agreement. The keeper ignored her lukewarm response, leading the way with a strong arm. MU2 stumbled, doing her best to increase her pace.

They were passing more stalls, these ones empty, their milking benches looking strangely inviting. From the ceiling hung the milking cups, four dangling tubes of plastic terminating in large domes. A sudden urge spiked her brain. She wanted them back on her breasts, sucking her memories away.

"No, MU2," said her keeper gently. "It's a rest cycle for you. You'll get your chance for more milking later. We might even consider giving you another injection to speed the process along."

She reached out one hand and tugged on MU2's left teat, which still felt swollen. "These simply aren't ready for more suction yet. You need to rest and feed to get them nice and full again."

The keeper slapped her tit away, her breast jiggling as it swayed. MU2 didn't protest the rough handling. Being treated like livestock seemed perfectly normal to her. She wasn't certain whether that was the influence of the drugs she was under, or her actual desires. No matter.

The keeper led her out of the milking stalls and into a side room, positioning MU2 onto a metallic square built into the floor. In front of her was a mirror, through which she stared dully at herself. She was nothing remarkable, her nude body five foot five, average in most respects.

Her brown hair was buzzed short in a bid to confuse law enforcement in her previous life. That had obviously failed. She grinned at herself, exposing milky white teeth. Damn, that just made her want to be milked even more! 

She cupped her breasts, feeling her swollen teats. They looked a little bruised, but were otherwise only slightly larger than usual. Massaging them hurt, so she dropped her hands and left them alone. They simply ached too much.
