 She opened her eyes, filmy and tired. Her consciousness had wandered for quite some time, giving her dreams of sucking a multitude of tits. Her mouth wanted to keep sucking, her lips pursing with need. 

"She's coming out of it now," said a voice, echoing in her head. "Readings are back down to acceptable limits."

A familiar head ducked down into her line of sight, worried black eyes peering at her. Medical equipment beeped in a regular rhythm, monitoring her vital signs.

"How are you feeling, MU2? You gave me a bad scare."

Had something happened to her? The last thing she remembered was taking Eve's breasts between her lips, tasting the most delicious milk she had ever experienced. It would be a shame if it had caused an allergic reaction.

She cleared her throat, a sweet residue in her mouth. "I feel like I've fallen off a cliff. I'm sore all over, especially my breasts."

The older keeper unwrapped a blood pressure cuff from around her arm, grunting. "It's to be expected, you went into Milk Shock. It can happen with newbies who get too much of our milk too fast." She retrieved a small device which had been clamped to her index finger. 

MU2 blinked, recognizing this keeper as the first one who had treated her at the facility. The woman wrapped a band around her arm, pulling out a needle. "I need to do some blood tests, but I think you're past the worst of it."

MU2 shuffled, realizing that she was bound to the table. Her hands and wrists were locked in plastic cuffs. She assumed that this was a precaution during her transportation to the clinic, but she wondered at the necessity. Were unconscious cows really that dangerous? 

She licked her lips. "What other side effects can I expect?" she asked, the throbbing in her breasts really quite abominable.

"You're out of it now, so nothing more than usual. Increased breast growth and lactation as you process the milk and your body acclimates itself to being a filter."

The alien pulled the needle, having finished her extraction. She pressed a cotton ball into the crook of her arm and taped it in place. Taking the vial, she turned to bring it to a console at the side of the room. 

Eve sat in a chair at her side, laying her hands on MU2's arm. "I thought I had fucked everything up," she said, still looking nervous. "I hypnotized you as per protocol, but I let you suckle my breasts too long."

A tear trickled down her cheek. "You looked so cute tugging at my nipple, like a newborn babe!" 

She looked away, ashamed. "I forgot my training, this is all my fault." 

The older keeper grunted. "You won't do it again, will you?"

Eve shook her head, trembling. MU2 felt awful for her. She was just doing her job, helping MU2 to adapt to being a cow. "You taste excellent," she murmured, "I wanted to drink it all."

Eve laughed, tears streaming. "You certainly did try!"

The older keeper sighed. "The results look good, but there's an oddity here. I need to take this for more testing."

She shot the two of them a severe glance. "She's going to need milking. This would also be a good time to proceed with the next set of injections. She's filled with your milk, so the serum should be extra effective."

Pursing her lips, she snapped the vial into a carrying case. "She didn't experience Milk Rage, so she should be safe to move without restraints, but remember your lessons!"

Eve nodded her head, wiping away her tears, her hands still lying on MU2's arm in a possessive fashion.

"Good. Just don't give her any more of your milk for at least another eight hours. She needs time to finish processing what you've already given her."

"Yes, grandmother," replied Eve, chastised. "I will take good care of my cow."

The older keeper harrumphed. "See that you do." A faint ache of pain crossed her eyes, the corners softening. "They're more fragile than you'd think."

She took her leave, MU2 staring at Eve with intensity. "Grandmother?" she asked. 

A thin smile played over Eve's lips. "Surely you don't think we're asexual," she replied. "I have a family, just like you do."

She winked at MU2. "The Farm is run solely by females, however. Motherhood is our business. Our males ensure our society runs, but we ensure our society survives."

MU2 tried to visualize what a male version of Eve would look like, but she blanked looking at her breasts. She wanted to lock her lips on them right now, sucking for all she was worth. She shuddered at the intense desire.

Eve noticed where she was looking and waggled a finger at her. "We're following sage advice. No more drinking my milk until your body finishes processing what it already has."

"What is your grandmother's name?" she grunted, trying to distract her mind from those luscious breasts.

Liquid, incomprehensible syllables poured from the alien's lips. "If you can't handle that, you can call her Nina," she giggled. 

A dark shadow fell across MU2's face. "It must be nice having a family," she said, off the cuff. "Both of my folks are dead. Dad was a hard worker, but he died when I was young. Mom tried to pick up the slack, bless her, but her addiction got the best of her in the end."

The familiar pain washed over her, but this time was different. Eve brushed her cheek, removing the solitary tear that had materialized. "It's okay, MU2, you're a part of my family, and I won't ever let you go."

She leaned over MU2 and gave her a hug, turning her head to place it on her chest. MU2 trembled, a little afraid at the idea of being wanted. Eve didn't let go, however, and the warmth of her body quickly became distracting. Her aches increased as her body decided it wanted to go into overdrive, arousal flooding her nether regions.

She wanted it, even if it hurt. Lifting her head from the table, she kissed Eve's head, her mouth receiving a wodge of thick, black hair for her troubles. She coughed, laying back down.

"Of course!" Eve declared. "It's time for your milking!" 

She got back up and pressed her hands around one of MU2's breasts, which had swelled in size. A small trickle of white milk beaded on her nipple and she groaned.

Eve took the opportunity to fasten her lips onto MU2's breast, sucking at it forcefully. The tugging sensation of her lips was intense, MU2's hips bucking frantically. It was almost too much for her to bear. She gritted her teeth at the hypersensitivity, a gasp of pleasure escaping her taut mouth.

Eve stood up, licking her lips. "I'd love to continue, but I don't have enough time to suck you dry and inject you, too."

MU2 complained with a low moan, jerking her hips. "I'm so damn swollen," she complained. "I feel like I'm ready to burst."

Eve smirked, pleased. "That's good, it will be easy to expel your processed milk once I get you hooked up."

She worked on her cuffs, unlocking the plastic loops binding her wrists and ankles. "You may sit up now," she declared, moving to the side of the room to wrestle with some more equipment. "I have to get the machine prepped for you."

MU2 sat up, looking around with interest. On the far wall was a console filled with diagnostic displays which the older keeper had been using earlier. There was a sink for washing up, and open cabinets filled with medical supplies. Monitoring equipment on wheels stood near the center of the room, shoved to the side and currently nonfunctional.

Eve was fiddling with a mess of plastic tubing in the corner, looking a bit befuddled. "I wish they provided a manual with these things," she muttered. 

MU2's eyes lit up as she recognized the plastic pieces twisted into a pile. These were parts of a milking machine. Eve was going to milk her. Soon.

She ran her fingers over her breasts, feeling their tightness. They were full of milk, ready to be emptied.

Eve was still fumbling with the equipment. "Can I help you?" asked MU2. 

"No," replied Eve with a hint of exasperation directed at the jumble. "I tell you what, it would be a big help if you strapped yourself into this milking chair for me. 

She patted a piece of furniture sitting next to her. It didn't look like one of the chairs she had been milked in before. This one seemed more adjustable. Probably a requirement when dealing with many different sizes of cows.

Attached to the rear of the furniture was a saddle seat with a series of holes built into the center. In front of that was an adjustable shield with circular holes, built in transparent shelves for breasts. The acrylic was molded in the shape of breast cups, far larger than the current size of her own. The interior of each cup was completed by a round, rubber gasket to make the cup properly air tight once pressed against her chest. It seemed as though most of the furniture in the facility was built around accommodating breasts. 

MU2 got to her feet, a little unsteady. Without complaint, she wobbled over to the chair, moving slow to avoid exacerbating her aching joints. She breathed a sigh of relief as she sat in the saddle of the chair, raising her breasts to set them into the transparent, plastic shelves. She shuffled forward, pressing her chest against the rubber gaskets built into the shield. Flush against the form, her head stuck through a semi circular cutout at the top.

Arm rests lifted into position, allowing her to relax into the chair. "There, finally!" declared Eve, moving around in front of MU2 with dangling hoses in hand.

She took each hose and screwed it onto a thin tube that projected from the front of each breast form. These must double as suction and extraction piping. Pressing her tits into the cups, she discovered that the interior was decorated with soft nubs for stimulation. Once the suction was turned on, this was going to turn into quite a party!

Curious, she watched as Eve finished hooking up the equipment. "How are these breast forms made?" she asked. "Are they one size fits all?" 

"This form was built specifically for you," she explained. "We took your measurements and created it while you were out. It only takes about fifteen minutes to create one.

She patted her hand against the rectangular top of the form. "They have to be interchangeable to support multiple varieties of cows."

MU2 reached her hands under the transparent frame, pressing her hands against the front of the mold. The material was sufficiently thick that she couldn't feel any sensation through the surface of the breast cups. 

"We always build in a fifty percent increase in size to leave room for growth, explained Eve. "Believe me, you'll be surprised at how quickly you'll fill out this volume. You'll need new cups before too long.

She gently placed her hands on MU2's wrists and pressed them down against the arm rests. The backs of her hands pressed into the material with a soft click, a band wrapping around her wrists to strap her down. 

Eve reached under the arm rests and clicked a button. They dropped free, forcing her arms to crank downwards at a forty five degree angle before they locked into place. "This will be uncomfortable for a moment," said Eve, "but bear with me."

She pulled a lever on the front form, the entire section rotating forward as it pressed into her chest, requiring her to lean forward. Her saddle seat rotated her hips forward as well, bracing her to relieve any uncomfortable pressure.

They both stopped at a forty five degree angle, her chest pressing into the acrylic. She was locked into the frame, looking directly at Eve's shapely feet, which were dancing around the plastic tubing that dangled from her hands in cute platform boots.

Eve exhaled in frustration, but succeeded in escaping the trap with only a minor stumble. She moved out of MU2's field of view, the rumble of something heavy approaching. "Just a few more moments," mumbled her keeper. 

"There!' she declared. "Let's try this!" 

A humming sound filled her ears and a sudden pressure tugged at her breasts. A staccato rhythm accompanied the pumping, clicking as the air was drawn through each cup. "It starts out slow," said Eve, her voice raised over the sound of the pump.

"If you tolerate it well, I can increase the intensity."

MU2 nodded, the suction cupping her breasts like a set of tickling hands. It was enough to tease, but not enough to seal her breasts against the form. Air leaked around the cups, causing weird squeaking noises. "More," she said, breathing hard. "I need more suction."

"You got it," said the alien, fiddling with the control dial. "I've always wanted to say that," she said cheerfully as the suction on MU2's breasts intensified.

The gaskets sealed against her chest, applying the full force of the air against her sensitive tits. She bit her lip, suppressing a cry. "Oh yes, that's amazing," she declared, the pressure tight against her nipples. "I can feel it coming, yes, mmm."

Her milk began to release, spraying the front of the cups with her wetness. The pumps sucked the splashed of milk away with efficiency, tyrannically demanding more. She was so packed full that it was a relief to give in, great spurts blasting from her swollen tits.

She was feeling really good now, but the stimulation still wasn't sufficient to send her over the edge. "I want more," she gasped. "I need it!"

"What do you need?" asked Eve slyly.

"I need to cum," declared MU2 without shame. "I need to be fucked so bad, oohhhh."

Her body shock, her tits giving her a miniature orgasm. It was amazing, but unfulfilling. She felt so empty.

Eve chuckled. "I think you're ready for the next step," she declared, pressing a button on her controls.

To MU2's delight, a thick appendage pressed against her vulva from within the seat she was sitting on, squirting lubricating liquid against her inner lips. Her eyes shone with anticipation, pleading Eve to turn it up just a bit more.

Eve obliged, twisting a dial. The thick dildo slid inside her, pumping its girth deep into her vagina. It tilted and vibrated, working her like a pile driver as the suction stepped up yet another notch.

MU2 groaned as Eve set her control box down, walking over to a side counter with her shiny boots. "I don't want to tease you, MU2," her keeper said, "but we do need to get some actual work done."

MU2 wasn't feeling teased; she was getting fucked. Her breasts pressed up against the plastic form as she rocked up and down on the dildo. She moaned freely as the thick length penetrated her to her core. The breast pumps worked her, clicking and popping as they alternated, tugging and sucking as her milk flowed freely.

The combination of sensations was too much for her to bear. She pressed her feet down hard against the floor, bracing herself into the pumping breast form as the dildo reamed her canal. The orgasm came quickly, starting as a tingle in her toes and exploding into full body paroxysms. 

"Yes, fuck me, I love being pumped so hard, yes!" she screamed, climaxing. 

Eve retrieved the control box and shut the system down, letting Morgan relax, loose in the harness. Endorphins buzzed in her brain, and she rested her bulk against the breast form, breathing hard as she languidly enjoyed the afterglow.

"That was... amazing," she declared, blinking. 

The let down came hard, a rush of memories exploding in her mind. Fuck, not that accident again! While she had been distracted by the machine, the suppressing effects of the alien's milk must have been wearing off. She was feeling like Morgan again.

It was so uncomfortable, she started to feel existential dread. She didn't want to be Morgan anymore. She didn't want to remember. She wanted to be MU2. She wanted to be Eve's cow. 

Eve hadn't noticed her distress, prepping a long, slender needle. "Steady on, MU2, that's only the first orgasm. I've been told the subsequent ones can get even better after the injections."

Morgan couldn't reply, trapped in a morass of her bad memories, her mouth working as fear replaced pleasure. She didn't even notice the stinging pain that presaged the next set of injections.

Eve worked quickly, jabbing her syringe into Morgan's upper shoulder a second time. "Two more to go," she declared, swapping sides. 

Morgan noticed a warmth spreading from her right shoulder, followed by a pinch on her left side with more warmth. The physical sensations banished the memories momentarily, bringing her back to reality as Eve finished the last injection.

"There," she stated. "All done with this series. Your transformation should speed up significantly."

She picked up the control box and toggled the suction pumps, restarting the insistent tugging. She frowned, watching more milk flowing from Morgan's breasts. "I don't understand," she said, confused. "I measure about four ounces extracted so far, but you're still expressing more."

The pumps worked, milk gushing down the plastic tubing. Eve looked a little worried. "This is a bit outside my experience level," she had to admit. "You're not acting like the average cow." 

Morgan grimaced. Nothing like being an oddity to make her happy. "I don't know what your average cow is like," she declared, "but I sure don't feel like one right now. While under the influence of your milk, my old life is repressed and I feel more like an animal, but right now I feel like shitty old Morgan, playacting as your livestock."

More milk drenched the tubing, the suction lifting it away. Eve looked at her suspiciously. "That's definitely not normal, either. Our milk has a soporific effect that should keep a cow completely docile during this process. You shouldn't be reverting to your old personality at all."

Morgan groaned. "What can I tell you, it wouldn't be me if I was normal." she grimaced. "Is there anything you can do? My chest is feeling fucking itchy."

Eve frowned. "No, that can't be possible at this stage." She leaned over and looked at Morgan's chest. 

The pumps continued to work, squeezing her breast flesh into the cups to extract more milk, but despite the suction the form was slowly rising from her chest. During the next cycle, one of the cups popped off her chest, air sucking wildly through the cup as it tugged at her flesh. The other cup popped free, too, a rush of cool air breezing past her nipples.

Eve realized what was happening and slapped the emergency stop button on the milker, which ceased trying to capture her breasts. She worked the controls, sliding Morgan back into a vertical position. The itching was getting more intense, and she longed to scratch her chest. She moaned, her hands shaking in the restraints.

Eve unlatched the plastic breast form and pulled it out of the frame, not bothering to remove the attached hoses. Setting it aside, she ran her hands down Morgan's chest. "This is highly abnormal," she said in a matter of fact manner.

She grabbed hold of Morgan's flesh and tugged. Morgan groaned, her tender skin protesting the rough handling. Pleasure mixed with pain, arousing her in equal measure.

"Good news, cow. Your second breasts have come in." She kept tugging at Morgan's chest in a milking motion. 

"This is happening much quicker than projected, but it's a normal part of the transformation process. Your udder is developing nicely and I expect it will continue to expand at a rapid pace."

Eve ran her hands down the sides of Morgan's new breasts, kneading them. Morgan sighed happily, for the itching had stopped. Eve ran a finger over her new nipples, drawing a sharp gasp from Morgan's lips.

Withdrawing, Eve got to her feet and looked at her speculatively. "I need some advice on how to proceed, you're developing much faster than expected."

She pulled out the control box and cranked the dial up a notch. "A little gift for while I'm away."

She dropped the box and hurried from the room, her chunky platform boots clomping on the tiles. Morgan watched her ankles as she left with appreciation, remarking on how lithe and graceful the alien was. 
