 MU2 wasn't certain how often she orgasmed, her body floating in blackness. White noise filled the small chamber, reinforcing deep truths her subconscious already knew. She was a cow. She would produce more milk and increase her production. 

At some point the pleasure ceased and she drifted off to sleep, the machinery automatically detaching itself. She dreamed of massaging her breasts, streams of milk flowing into rivers and lakes. Everyone around came down to the shore and remarked upon her prodigious output, marveling at how thick and creamy it was.

Some adventurous ones kneeled and scooped a handful of the liquid into their mouths, swooning at the taste. She smiled, watching them with a motherly gaze, wanting to wrap her arms around them and sweep them into her bosom. 

A small hand pressed at her hip. "Mommy, mommy," the small child said, smiling at her. "I like you."

Her fantasy shattered, dredging her past back up. She was Morgan again. Shit. 

By now the cycle had become clear. While she was full of Eve's milk, there was room for nothing else but her adoration for the keeper. Once she had processed the milk and it had been extracted, the altered state of mind wore off and she had to face her old fears and regrets once more.

The more she ran, the more the memories chased her. She needed to face them and banish those inner demons, but she wasn't sure how. How could she possibly make up for the lives she had ruined? 

The wall panel at her feat creaked open, artificial light flooding the chamber. She took a deep breath and held back sobs, working to suppress her emotions again. That was her only solution for now. It was a poor one, but she couldn't break down in front of the others. 

The chair she was laying on slid forward, rotating down to set her on her feet. She blinked, eyes tearing up while they adjusted to the new light levels. Nothing had changed. She was still stuck here, and she still wasn't a proper cow.

She groaned, stretching her back as she stood. The extra weight from her new breasts was going to be hard to get used to. She slid a hand around the bottom of their expanse, noting that they had grown slightly during the night. The stimulation didn't bring any pleasure, however. She felt drained rather than energized, thirsty for more alien milk. 

"Are you all feeling more rational now?" came an angry voice. 

Kylie was sitting against the wall, arms folded around her breasts. Her angular face and harsh shadows from the overhead lighting made her look gaunt.

She looked up and Morgan gasped. The redness around her eyes had spread, infusing her cheeks with inflamed veins. Her irises were tinged with the color, lending her an air of madness. She rubbed her hands up and down her arms, as if she was cold. Small pinpricks of milk dotted her nipples.

She leapt to her feet, pacing. "I've got to get out of here, we've all got to get out of here. It's almost too late, we're turning into cows, we'll be their cows." The mumbling seemed out of control.

Natalia approached her, holding out her hands. After her night in the milking booth, her breasts hadn't increased in size nearly as much as Morgan's, but she wasn't an Ultra. She flicked her eyes to Daisy, who was having as many problems as her with her enormous breasts. She suspected, but wasn't yet sure whether Daisy was also another Ultra. Statistically, the odds were low, but it was possible.

Natalia hadn't yet come into her full coloration, but her skin was darkening, the same as Iris and Ashley. Nothing like Daisy's pale skin. If she looked closely she could see dark blotches forming on the cow's arms and belly. Like Morgan, her body was taking to the transformation quickly. 

She was getting distracted. Kylie had backed away from Natalia, refusing to be comforted. "Gotta get away," she muttered. "Can't stay, can't be a cow. Can't let them get into my head."

Natalia dropped her arms, looking cool and refreshed. "I really wish you had joined us," she said. "Without all their drugs mucking up my system I can think much clearer." She turned to the others. "How is it going for the rest of you?" 

"I'm fine," replied Iris, looking at the floor, hands on her hips. 

Daisy mooed and played with her beasts. "I feel fantastic," she said. "I can't wait for my next milking session."

Kylie ran over and grabbed her by the shoulders. "That's the problem, don't you see? You're losing who you are to them!" 

Spittle dribbled from her lips as her grip tightened. "When was the last time you thought about anything else? About... us?"

Daisy stared at her, gasping. "You're hurting me, ouch!"

"Stop frightening her, Kylie," declared Ashley, who had moved into position to lay a warning hand on her arm. "Threatening her isn't going to solve anything."

Kylie rocked Daisy back and forth, then let go, tears of frustration running from her eyes as she cradled her head in her hands. "I'm the only one, the only one," she repeated, swaying as she walked away.

Morgan had never seen anything like this before. The lack of milking was driving her mad! She cast around, trying to figure out how she could contact the keepers. There didn't seem to be any provision made for emergencies. They might have to tackle her to keep her from injuring any of the other cows in the herd.

A small smile graced her lips. She was already thinking of them as fellow cows, in her herd. If only they thought the same! It wouldn't be long perhaps, until they did. They could have so much fun together! 

A chime echoed throughout their cells. "M-U-2," please enter the airlock. Your presence is requested."

Kylie laughed, a high pitched, unbalanced warble. "Can they figure out the difference between two different cows? Let's find out!"

She rushed the airlock before anyone could react, entering the small room and standing on the platform. To Morgan's surprise, the door rolled shut behind her.

They must have recognized her as being crazy, and were taking her out of the cell to get her away from the rest of the herd. Weren't they?

"Does anybody else think she's off her rocker?" offered Morgan. "Anyone?" 

Ashley shrugged. "She's under a lot of stress, and refused to be milked. I can't imagine what kind of pressure that's putting her under. She's liable to act like a loose cannon at the best of times. I can't imagine what she'll do now." 

Natalia inspected her nails. "I'm getting tired of her insubordination. If she isn't willing to listen to reason, we should cut her loose."

"Is that really what we should do? Would you cut me loose if I had a temporary bout of insanity?" Iris watched Natalia with an intense stare. 

Natalia sighed. "No, of course not. We're a family. We stick together."

She looked at the others. "We all support each other. And I say she's not right in the head. She needs help."

Iris sniffed. "You need help more than her. You actually like being a cow."

Natalia's eyes flashed. "Don't compare me to that bimbo," she said, gesturing at Daisy.

"Hey, who are you calling a bimbo?" asked Daisy, massaging her breasts. "I'm a cow."

"Same difference," Natalia said, dismissively.

"You take that back," said Iris, her normal timidity forgotten. "She may have been transformed, but she's still our Daisy."

"Now hold on, here," interrupted Ashley. "We're all being affected by their milk. I won't claim to be pristine myself. Fuck, I almost want to play with my breasts right now myself."

She held out her well muscled arms. "Calm down, we're bickering like school children."

Iris stared daggers at Natalia. "I'll only stand down if she takes back what she said about Daisy."

Natalia stared at her nails as if they were the most fascinating thing in the room. "I won't," she said finally. "I've only said the truth. Daisy is a bimbo."

Iris looked ready to blow her top, but they were interrupted by a crackling loudspeaker. "Is this working?" came a muffled, familiar voice.

"If you can hear me, you should all enter the airlock."

Iris brushed past Natalia, shoving her aside on her way to the small room. The group was falling apart. Morgan wasn't certain whether that was a good or a bad thing. 

That might make them less unified in their resistance against being turned into cows, but it could easily make them more violent in their desperation. She was already seeing the latter from Kylie, and she was worried that one of them might end up paying the ultimate price in their bid to escape. 

The familiar voice on the intercom finally clicked together in her mind. That was Kylie on the loudspeaker. Definitely.

But what was she doing in control of the intercom? She hurried to catch up to the rest of them, squeezing inside the small chamber. A flutter of fear rippled within her breast. If Kylie was about to let them go free, this was going to be an escape attempt. That didn't sit well with her. 

In her limited time in the facility, she had already formed a significant attachment to her keeper, and didn't want to leave her in the lurch. There was nothing for her on the outside, anyway. She had been a criminal, yes, but that was in the past. She wasn't going to start a new career with this pirate gang. She wanted to stay here and be a good cow.

The wall rotated agonizingly slowly, revealing the outer door in silence on well oiled bearings. Ashley took up position, crouching on her feet, ready to pounce on anyone attempting to stop them. 

Nobody did. The hallway outside was clear, cool air cycling from the ventilation system. Morgan's eyes instantly focused on a neon green figure slumped against the far wall. She rushed over to the alien, turning her over to rest her head in her lap.

A shock of surprise tingled through her arms. It was Eve! A raised lump on her forehead had formed where Kylie must have clocked her. She moaned, moving restlessly, but her eyes didn't open. Her rumpled body suit looked small without the personality within livening it with her presence.

She turned to look at the others. "They're not going to forgive us for this," she said, shuddering. "I'm not sure what punishment they'll dole out, but it won't be pleasant."

"Stop worrying about what they're going to do to us," Kylie declared, jogging over with a device in her hands. "If we act fast, we'll be gone before they can react."

She gestured at Morgan. "Leave her," Kylie declared. "She's the enemy." She pursed her chapped lips, giggling maniacally. "Or stay here and become their animal. It's up to you."

Morgan wanted to protest that she wasn't her enemy, but she could do nothing more than arrange Eve comfortably on the ground. She needed help that Morgan didn't know how to give. As they fled, hopefully she could find some way to call for assistance. 

It was all she could do to leave Eve behind, a new desire welling up within her. She would find a way to stop Kylie and save her keeper. Eve deserved that much for rescuing her from a terrible fate.

She gritted her teeth and stood. "Fine," she said. "Let's get out of here."

"That's the spirit," whooped Kylie in a crazed fashion, almost jovial.

"So, oh fearless leader, where do we head next? Do any of you know how to read alien script?" 

"No, we don't," replied Natalia sharply. "And neither do you. So it doesn't much matter which line we follow, does it?"

She examined the stripes of color on the wall. "I kind of like the neon green color, myself, though that is, of course, the coloration of our captors."

"Alright, then, let's go," said Ashley agreeably, heading off another argument. 

Morgan gave her mistress one last apologetic look, rubbing a hand over her cheek. If she stayed here, she would be punished. If she left with the other pirates, she might at least have a chance to convince them to stay. She was torn, but there wasn't a good option open to her.

Sighing, she shuffled forward, lining up behind Daisy. They marched through the sterile, white halls, their generic appearance not giving them any landmarks to remember. 

The hallway terminated at another airlock, marked with more alien script. Morgan thought it would be amusing if it dumped them into another cell, but when Natalia pressed the button, the door revealed a large chamber, the sounds of pumping emanating from within. 

Two rows of milking frames lined the room on both sides, cows locked into a forward pose as their udders were pumped. Their arms and legs dangled, locked into place on the tubing which made up the frames, rocking forward and back as they were fucked by dildos in the rear. 

The room was eerily silent besides the milking sounds, their faces fitted with black masks, mouths plugged open into large O's. Plastic tubing that dropped from the ceiling fed them creamy, white milk, probably a diluted form of the alien liquid. On the front of each mask was a number printed in white, block letters, deformed where each cow's nose and eyes must be. Circular, round speakers were clamped to their ears, built into the masks. They had been dehumanized, nothing more than numbered drones, to drink and be milked. Morgan squirmed, thinking about being in their place. 

Was this a filter complex, where cows were sent to process the milk from the general alien populace? It seemed far too small for that kind of work. The kind of industrial operation required would need to be on a tremendous scale. Unless there were banks and banks of rooms like this, she couldn't see how it was possible.

"They're... pregnant," muttered Natalia, resting a hand on top of one of the masks. She felt over the thick surface of the rubber, hand catching on the anatomically sculpted surface. She tugged on the mouth tube, but it didn't budge, fixed securely in place. 

The cow ignored her handling, drinking the milk as she swayed back and forth. Her gravid belly wobbled, jostled by the dildos fucking her rear. The cow grunted, gripping hand holds attached to the frame. She shivered, body going slack as she rested her chest into the milkers. The cow must have experienced an orgasm, but the fucking devices didn't stop. Soon, she was rocking again, body synchronizing with the rhythm of submission. 

"They're also fully transformed," remarked Ashley, touching a set of milkers as they worked. Morgan thought her hand lingered on the milking cups a tad longer than seemed necessary.

Ashley was right. These must be experienced cows. Their skin was a uniform color, a deep brown. She peered at Natalia circumspectly, comparing their coloration with hers. Natalia still had that creamy complexion from when she had first met her, but the first shots had given her a red ochre tinge. She could easily see her joining this bunch after her transformation was complete.

Morgan walked up to the bondage frame attached to one of the cows and reached her hands through a gap. The cow mooed in protest as she lifted up the back flap on her mask to view the captive's neck. As expected, a telltale circular symbol was imprinted there.

"These are Paired cows," she said, running her fingers over the cow's flank to calm the animal. "Not run of the mill livestock. They're likely processing their mistress' milk right now."

Kylie locked her hands around a bondage frame and tugged. "We could set them free, hopefully cause some confusion to cover our escape."

Iris shook her head. "It would take us a lot of time to figure out the restraint mechanism."

She shivered. "Look at them. They're enjoying themselves." 

It was true. In the time they had been there, at least three of the cows had reached an obvious climax. Their soft moos would certainly be disturbing for the less transformed members of the group. To Morgan's ears, it sounded like heaven. 

It wasn't quite enough to make her reconsider having children, but it was certainly making the idea more enticing. Her thighs trembled at the thought. Eve impregnating her, strapping her to a milking frame and forcing her to drink her milk. It was almost more than she could bear. How nice would it be to get fucked and suck down her milk without having to worry about the other members of her herd! 

It had to remain a fantasy, though. Her keeper was injured, laying on the floor a few rooms back. A cold fear gripped her heart, the gravity of her situation hitting home. They didn't have time to investigate these cows. They needed to leave. Now.

"Don't get distracted by the livestock," Morgan said. "We're wasting time, we need to go."

Natalia nodded assent and led the way to the rear of the room, where a second airlock was situated. They gathered together, a little stunned at what they had just viewed. The moans of happy cows followed them into the small chamber, making Kylie's face twitch.

Daisy was huffing, her face red. "What's with all this hurrying?" she complained, large breasts wobbling. "I'd rather just get milked."

A dumb smile spread over her face. "If I get pregnant do you think I would get special treatment?" 

"Why would a dumb bimbo get special treatment?" came an acerbic voice. "All cows should expect to be treated as what they are. Animals."

Surprised, their little group turned around, but before they could react, the newcomer had grabbed Iris, forcefully pulling her out of the airlock, back inside the room filled with milkers.

Catching a glimpse of the alien's face, Morgan was shocked to realize she recognized the alien. It was the one known as 'Heather.' Of all the aliens she had met so far, Heather was the one she least wanted to spend any time with. 

Iris struggled, but the alien zapped her, dropping her to the floor in a jumble of limbs. She slapped the door button, waving at them with a bright smile that touched her ears as the chamber rotated. "Keep running, cows," she said. "The keepers are coming to corral you."

Kylie sprung at her, but only succeeded at ramming her arm into the door with a tremendous smacking sound. 

"Shit!" declared Kylie in a high pitched voice. "Shit, shit, shit!"

"Now just calm down," said Natalia, looking harried. "We'll come back and get her later, once we've made good our escape. We can't let ourselves be captured."

Kylie kicked the wall with the heel of her foot, cursing as she almost lost her balance. Morgan turned and hid a smirk. They couldn't have actually expected that their plan would work. The Farm was a proper prison, not a simple holding pen. She rather hoped they would all be captured quickly so that she would be reunited with her keeper. 

Her smile quickly faded. Did this mean that Eve was okay, or had Heather just been nearby and noticed them escaping? Had they put together a team to intercept them?

The airlock rolled open, revealing an enormous room with large tanks. A maze of pipes greeted them, choking down various access ways to narrow corridors. There were no obvious exits.

"Shit," remarked Natalia. "Finding a way out of here is going to be like looking for a peanut hidden on an asteroid."

Morgan agreed. Finding assistance was going to be much harder than she had first thought. 

***

When Iris next woke up, she was locked onto a floating frame. Her chest and belly were supported by a liquid gel, with cutouts for her breasts to fit into. Her arms were folded in front and below her, stuffed through holes in the transparent gel and locked against the top of her pubic area. She jiggled them, but they were stuck tight. 

She couldn't even move her legs. Flexing them raised her ass a centimeter or two, but that was the extent of her freedom. She moaned, her mouth jacked open by a metallic gag. Unable to close her lips, drool dribbled down onto the floor. 

Her bondage didn't include her neck, but there was nothing much to see. She had been shoved into a small room, with mirrors on all the walls. From the reflections, she could easily see her bare ass along with the rest of her nude body.
