 "Are you feeling better now?" asked Eve, her hand wrapped around MU2's neck. 

MU2 smiled dreamily, comforted by the dominant hand of her mistress. "Everything is all right, now," she burbled. 

Eve chuckled, squeezing her hand on MU2's neck. MU2 felt pure joy in her submission to Eve, so happy that she had been reunited with her.

She wasn't feeling quite as stupid as before. She tended to lose track of her thoughts due to the focus she placed on her mistress, but lately she had been able to tone down the intensity.

Her memories were accessible, but muted. Not intrusive, like they had been before, but neatly categorized. Her past no longer bothered her, because she was being useful. She had found her purpose.

She rubbed her hand over her belly, marveling at the quick growth of her child. She had spent a glorious month with Eve, fucking and drinking her milk, restructuring her mind to better serve her keeper. It had been a bit of a honeymoon, but nothing could last forever. 

Eve had finally been assigned new duties, and needed to go back to work. MU2 had complained bitterly for a day or two, but had finally accepted that this was the way things had to be. The Farm needed to run, and she couldn't take up all of Eve's time. 

She consoled herself with the thought that Eve would always be waiting for her after work. Waiting to play with her cow. And MU2 would be there, loyal to the end. 

"Ah, here we are," declared Eve. "No more temporary housing, MU2, this is the permanent home for your herd!"

There was little to see initially as they stepped into the airlock. MU2 waited patiently, excitement mixed with trepidation. Her body trembled. She hadn't seen the other cows in months. What if they hated her? 

"Don't worry, cow," said her lover, reading her body language. "The other cows have adapted well to their transformation and have become a proper herd. You should have no problems with them."

The door rolled open, revealing a multi leveled room with ladders and ramps leading up and down. They were painted in pastel blues, soothing colors. There was even a large spiral slide that led from the top floor all the way to the bottom. It looked like a gigantic playground. 

MU2 marveled in wonder, suddenly eager to explore, but she still cowered in her keeper's hand, feeling shy. She looked around nervously, but there were no other cows in sight. They could be hiding in one of the alcoves or behind the series of purple partitions. 

"These accommodations were built with fully transformed cows in mind," Eve explained, pointing out the different areas. 

"At ground level, there's a series of milking stalls. You have a choice of single or communal milking, depending on your comfort level. On the top floor are accommodations, beds, sofas, and an entertainment area. The second floor has an exercise area with built in spa and pool."

She gestured to the far wall, where a glowing light marked a door. "If you're not feeling up to the stairs or ladders, the lift is in the far corner. What do you think?" 

She was thinking that it sounded amazing, but her anxiety increased when she saw motion coming from the top floor. Curious faces peeked out from the balcony, looking down on the two of them.

A cheerful mooing sound echoed from the rafters, cow after cow jumping into the spiral slide. They spun around and around as they dropped, white and black mixed with brown and red.

MU2 drew back as they approached, but Eve held her strong, preventing her from running. "Stop that," she ordered strongly. "They're only curious."

The cows had gotten uncomfortably close, running their hands over her body in greeting. She jumped as the white cow took handfuls of her breasts. "You're pretty," said the cow, lips curling. "But can you produce more than me?" 

She lifted her own udder, showing off her voluminous assets. Her breasts looked like they were made of porcelain, all of the pigment drained from her skin. The surface was shiny, well oiled. The cow was taking care of herself.

"I won't take that bet," said the next cow. "None of us can produce more than you can."

This one's skin was colored brown with white spots. She flexed her arms in a pose, thrusting her chest out. Her abs were tight, with a well defined six pack. "But I bet you can't lift more than me!" 

"Nobody cares about that," said the cow with a red coloration, her violet eyes spearing the muscled cow. "We all know you're compensating for low production numbers."

"Ouch!" the cow replied, acting shocked. "I possess intangible attributes that my keeper finds irresistible!" 

She looked off into the distance, smiling at nothing in particular. "Lys'antha'top is the best," she breathed. "She lets me top her whenever I like."

Her face reddened. "I hope none of you tell her that. I don't think that's supposed to be common knowledge." 

The last cow sighed strongly, flashing the large tattoo of a cobra that stretched vertically between her four breasts. "We're all cows here," she declared, blinking at MU2. "Don't worry, your secret is safe with us."

MU2 giggled at their banter, trying to match the cows with her memories. "What are your names?" she asked, feeling a bit less nervous. 

The four cows gathered in close, smiling at her. "I'm MU1, but you can call me Daisy!" said the white cow.

She pressed her soft udder into MU1's shoulder and gazed at MU2's chest. "Look at those breasts," she declared. "They might even be as big as mine!" 

The cow with the cobra tattoo cleared her throat. "I'm Natalia, but I don't go by that name." She gazed into the distance, her mind drifting. "Call me MU5, I left my old life behind to become a cow."

She shivered, her udder jiggling. "I feel so much better as a cow. I don't ever want to go back. Put me into the stack. Milk me, use me."

MU2 sensed some unresolved issues, but she didn't press the cow. She was certain that MU5 would open up if she gave her some time.

The next cow in line had her arms folded. She gave MU2 a half wave of acknowledgement. "Natalia is still recovering from her time in the stack. She did another full shift earlier today and she's still a little out of it."

She thrust her hand out, and took MU2's, pumping it enthusiastically. "Nice to see you again, MU2, I'm MU4, but Ashley is fine, too. They used to laugh at my udder size, but that was before I demonstrated that I could bench press my keeper." 

She shot her a wink, and MU2 withdrew her hand, impressed at the cow's grip strength. She felt a faint fondness for this cow. She had treated MU2 well during her initial days at the facility.

She gave the cow a wan smile. "I bet you won't be bench pressing me when I'm full of milk!"

She noticed a speculative look in the cow's eyes and became worried. "Please, don't volunteer to try it on me!" 

She turned to the last cow, feeling more self confident. This cow's breasts had swelled up large, her udder filled with milk. The size almost rivaled that of her own, but even so, she couldn't measure up to Daisy or her. She wasn't an Ultra.

"You must be Iris," she said with a little trepidation, tentatively reaching out her hand.

"I don't bite," declared the cow, gripping her hand softly. "I'm not always moody! And you can call me MU3 if you want to. My mistress likes that best." She blushed.

MU2 patted her on the shoulder. "I'm sure she does."

MU2 was feeling unusual. It almost felt as though these cows were... family?

She was certain that had been the goal of the keepers all along, but despite the blatant manipulation, she didn't really care. These other cows had welcomed her and she was beginning to think that she might like them.

Sensing her change in mood, Eve squeezed her neck once more and let her go, giving her a light shove into the crowd of babbling cows. "Go, have fun!" she declared, waving at MU1 as she was swallowed by four sets of hands. "I'll come fetch you after work." 

MU1 quailed, but quickly settled into the group of friendly cows, her tense shoulders relaxing. "You had better!" 

Eve chuckled, her hips swaying. "Wouldn't miss it!" Her voice echoed out of the airlock as it rolled shut behind her.

"Now!" declared Daisy, hefting her breasts. "Are you ready for a little friendly competition?"

"I hope you've been working on bulking up," declared Iris, turning to lead them to a partition wall. "Or I might just run away with the medal."

Daisy laughed, flashing her teeth which were as white as her face. "If you can beat me, I'll be legitimately amazed," she replied. "These babies are locked and loaded."

She pressed her hands against her nipples, milk trickling out without any apparent effort on her part. They certainly did look almost full.

MU2 looked down at her own chest, which seemed small by comparison. She had little hope of winning this competition due to the fun she had just enjoyed with Eve. They had been spending a lot of time together, their relationship growing at the same rate as her belly.

Eve drained her breasts thoroughly, taking special care to ensure that all of her precious fluids were extracted and saved in her personal milk tank. The latest milestone had been when the depth gauge had registered fifty gallons. At that point, she knew that she had truly arrived.

Her thoughts kept twisting back to Eve, obsessively thinking about their next session together. She was honestly having a hard time concentrating, and hoped that the competition would serve to distract her racing thoughts.

Fortunately, she didn't need to think, as Daisy took her by the arm, leading her around a series of purple colored partitions arranged octagonally. Her eyes brightened. "This is amazing!" she declared, looking over the setup with delight.

Inside the partition, six interlocked milking stations had been setup facing each other. Once a cow had settled into a donut seat and leaned forward, the suction cups could be attached to her breasts. The seats were angled so that she could watch a display on the floor recording her production, or share in camaraderie with the other cows. It was a group milking station, built just for them.

She twisted her lips. "Why are there six stations?" she asked, confused.

"They probably set this up before Kylie escaped," said Natalia in a depressed tone, staring at the ground. "They didn't expect her to be so successful. I didn't expect it, either," she muttered, rubbing her fingers together.

"I didn't expect anything. How could I have made a plan with insufficient information?" Her eyes unfocused, staring deep into the past. 

"Ah," MU2 said brightly. There didn't appear to be a good response to that. 

She rushed over to the milking stations and took a seat, the plush surface of the chair squeezing out to accommodate her significant bulk. It felt fully natural, the gel-like surface cradling her massive butt without any trouble.

She turned her doe eyes to look at the other cows. She grinned, waving the milking cups mounted to a central stand in the air. "Does getting a head start count?"

Iris snorted, violet eyes flashing. "Only if you know how to turn it on!" 

MU2 looked around, finding no buttons or switches on the shiny metal surfaces of the milking stand. She shrugged, admitting defeat. "Alright, then, what's next?"

Iris hurdled the seat opposite her, pressing her ass into the cupped surface. Her chair bounced up and down as it accommodated her bulk. "You let your arms float freely," she suggested, her hands pointing straight down.

Two cylindrical tubes extended from the floor, stainless steel drums. She pressed her hands inside and there came a clicking sound. Metallic straps extended from the bottom of the chair, capturing her ankles and securing them in place. She thrust her chest outwards, showing off her red coloration.

Her chest was large, as with all cows, her breasts ready and willing to be pumped. She could see the tiniest trickle of milk escaping from one of her top breasts, the droplet descending an inch and halting, stark white contrasting against the dark background of her breast.

MU2 immediately floated away into her memories, but these weren't painful. Her time with Eve has exorcised the worst of her guilt and flashbacks, replacing them with endless montages of sucking and fucking. She could almost feel her lips squeezing around Eve's luscious breasts!

She blinked, the mental image vanishing. She touched her lip to convince herself it wasn't real, her tongue laving the roof of her mouth as she swallowed heavily.

"Are you all right?" asked Daisy, peering at her with concern. 

The other cows had taken their stations, strapped down into their chairs, ready for milking. She was the only odd cow out. "Yes, of course," she mumbled. "Just remembering some happy times with Eve," she said with more gusto.

Iris nodded at her. "Heather is a strict mistress," she said, her eyes going blank. "But I love nothing more than to serve her. To lick her. To drink of her. To be fucked by her. I am her cow." She mooed.

The rest of the cows joined her in agreement. MU2 found herself mooing by rote. It was satisfying to be together with them. To be in a group where everyone thought the same. Her herd.

She slipped her hands into the cylinders that had risen to her shoulder height, the locks clicking in place to ensure she was in the correct position to be milked. Her feet were pulled back into the seat, straps rolling around her ankles until she was properly secured. Her chest thrust outwards, presenting the large globes to the automated milking machine. 

"Okay, here are the rules," declared Ashley. With Natalia in no state to run anything, the muscle bound cow's natural authority had asserted itself.

"I turn on the suction. You get to drink as much as you want for five minutes while you're getting pumped. We wait another five minutes, then turn off the pumps and compare the results. Simple, right?"

"Simple," repeated MU2, looking at her dubiously. "So, how do we begin?"

"Program: Milkmaid," declared Ashley. "It's voice activated," she said to MU2, smirking.

MU2 nodded, wondering what other programs were built into the machine. How many ways were there to milk a cow, really? 

The suction cups she had been fondling earlier had taken on a life of their own, turning and raising in midair on their snake-like metallic tubing. They snapped forward, hissing as the suction popped the plastic domes onto her breasts.

She moaned, smiling at the familiar presence. She was going to get milked again! No matter how often it occurred, she always felt a thrill when the cups went on and the tugging at her nipples began. There was a certain comfort in knowing that she was going to be taken care of, to be milked. That her body was valuable and that she produced a desired product. That, irrespective of anything else she did, she would always be wanted.

She relaxed in bliss for a moment, interrupted by a hard prodding sensation at her snatch. A thick, lubricated dildo slid smoothly into her, the pressure rocketing up her vagina. Her ankles locked into place, she could do little but make a surprised noise.

She should have expected its presence, but a little warning would have been nice! It began to vibrate, sending a pleasant hum of pleasure throughout her privates.

"I'm ahead!" declared Iris with glee, peering down at a brightly lit screen built into the floor.

Each of them had a duplicate display showing their current and predicted production numbers in a bar chart, updated in real time as the milk was extracted from their udders.

A bright red line was pushing upwards. Iris was indeed ahead, but looking around, she noticed that Daisy had only begun to express her milk. Her eyes were heavily lidded as she sighed, her flesh distending into the milking cup. Milk gushed out like a river, choking the extraction tubing.

MU2 frowned, realizing that her body wasn't responding despite the simulation. There just wasn't enough milk left in her system to support the demands the milking machine was making of her! 

A plastic tube nudged the side of her head and she realized that she had made a tactical mistake. Knowing that her milk reserves were low, she should have been drinking as much as she could to give her body the fuel it needed to convert and pump out more precious milk. 

She intended to correct that mistake as soon as possible. She tilted her head and wrapped her lips around the tube, sucking at it in desperation. She was rewarded with the warmth of free flowing milk, the pleasant taste washing over the back of her throat. 

She clamped her teeth around the tube to prevent it from popping out and looked downwards, determined to at least be competitive in the race. The other cows had done likewise, Natalia squeezing her eyes shut as she sucked voraciously. 

Ashley gave her a wink, sipping at her straw languidly. She must know that she didn't stand much chance of winning, and wasn't even seriously trying to win. MU2 sucked harder, hoping to catch up with the rest. If she couldn't beat Ashley, she'd be humiliated!

She glanced down at the stats, tallying them up. Iris had jumped out ahead with a quick lead, her numbers impressive for a non Ultra cow. Natalia was close behind, her experience in the stack serving her well. Daisy was quickly closing the gap, however, her larger frame and well developed breasts settling into their stride.

Ashley was last, as she had expected, but what she hadn't expected was that she had only barely surpassed the other cow. She jerked at her feeding tube, willing the milk to travel faster down her throat.

She could feel her body responding, but she began to despair. It was too slow, too slow! A trickle began to form at her teats, exploding into a gusher. She hummed along with the thrum of the milkers, pushing her chest out in encouragement. 

A bell chimed, the leading number declaring that Iris had reached a half gallon. Her eyes bulged. Impressive numbers for a cow with such a petite frame!

But it couldn't last. Even with all she could do, Daisy was rapidly catching up. Natalia was the first to fall. She hung her head as Daisy's numbers climbed past her stats, spitting out the tubing when the timer chimed.

"Drinking time is up!" declared Ashley, the tubes withdrawing into the ceiling. 

MU2 took one last pull from her tube before it was yanked from her mouth, a thin spray of milk splattering over the equipment. She set her mouth grimly, determined to put on a good show. 

She watched her stats carefully, willing her numbers to grow. She could feel the milk being extracted from her nipples, the warm flow rushing down the tubing. 

Her whole body was vibrating, in tune with the suction on her chest and the dildo between her thighs. She blinked, the vibration making it difficult to follow the chart. She blinked again when her bar on the chart grew, and smiled. She was catching up!

Iris had reached one gallon, with Daisy only a sliver behind. MU2 grunted when she realized that she had swapped places with Natalia, who was gasping for breath, her ocher color becoming even redder.

If only she could hold out a little bit longer! She squirmed, watching the chart carefully. The pumps were working hard, but the milk was becoming thinner. The trickles were drying up, the remaining milk sucked away into the system. There was no more to be had! 

She mooed desperately, but knew it wasn't going to be enough to beat Daisy. Indeed, that cow's bar on the chart was still growing, by the smallest amount. She had almost tied with Iris! 

"Program: Quick Release!" shouted Iris, moaning as her milk began to dry up as well. 

MU2's eyes bugged out of her head as the dildo inside her vagina began to churn, buzzing and spinning like an electric generator. Her thighs clenched around the intruder, the sudden stimulation taking her by surprise.
