 The year is 3025, body augmentations are the new big thing. Advances in DNA manipulations and the repeal of several laws have made virtually anything possible. And I mean anything, from the simple natural breast enlargement to as far as a second head. No really, there are people walking around with a head next to their original one. The biggest benefit from the new tech is the regrowth of lost limbs. Any amputation is easily regrown now. You no longer see people missing legs or arms, fingers or toes or spinal injuries. Even the poor have access to limb replacement. The only thing still illegal is combining species. There aren't any people walking around with animal legs or furry tails, no horse bodies with human torsos. Not yet anyway.

The porn industry has become very interesting. Most the male actors are not only huge but have two cocks instead of one, either next to the other or above. Some have just routed their original pair of balls into both cocks so when they cum it squirts out of their heads together. Some have opted for an additional cock and two new balls so they can cum with the one and then later cum again. Now double penetration only involves one actor. Apparently the climaxes are multiplied as well. Some porn queens have even added additional vaginas but there aren't very many since double works just fine with an ass and pussy.

Of course body augmentations are not cheap. Most of the recipients are the well to do. The more extreme the more the procedure cost. I fall into that well to do class, but I've yet to participate. I'm the last of my friends to do anything. All of them look perfect. Or at least what the majority of the day deems perfect. Perfectly round and large breasts, toned bodies without a blemish on their skin, is just the beginning. Cindy opted for an additional clitoris. It's right above the original with its own set of labia to hood it and all the nerves that come with it. Monica gave herself a third breast that actually lactates. Jessica gave herself a tail she can fuck herself with when her boyfriend is in the other hole. It moves and everything.

I've finally decided what I want. I'm going in for the procedure tomorrow. I've always wanted to know what it feels like to cum like a man, so I'm going to have the augmenters give me a male penis along with the standard full breasts and perfected body. I'm finally ready and very excited.

**

"Okay, Miss Jenkins, what can I do for you," the man said when he came into the room.

He had four arms; I guess that helps in his line of work. He carried my chart in one hand, coffee in the other and closed the door with the third. The forth hand was in his left pocket. He sat down and waited for me to respond.

"Please, call me Jill," I said, setting down the book of augmentations. "I want the number two full body package for women... oh and I want a penis," I blurted.

This did not faze him in the least. I should have expected that but saying it out loud made me blush.

"Very good. I'll need to ask you some questions then. "Do you want it separate from your clitoris, or your clitoris turned into a penis?"

"Separate, just above the clitoris."

"Okay, now how large?"

"Erect?" I asked.

"Yes, erect."

"Umm... ten inches?" I asked instead of stated.

"It's not me that needs to make the decision, Jill. Do you want ten or not?" he asked.

"Yes, ten, but I want it to shrink small when not erect."

"We can do that easily, Jill. Now what about function? Do you wish to urinate through the penis?"

This was not a question I expected. I thought about being able to stand up and pee like my boyfriend but in the end I opted to keep the urinating to my original urethra.

"Do you want to experience an orgasm with your new penis? As a man does," he asked me after I told him no on the urinating.

"Oh yes, that is mostly why I want it."

"Good, then do you want testicles as well?"

"Can it be fully functional without them?" I asked.

"Yes. You can ejaculate fully without them if you wish."

"Then no, I don't want them, they'll just get in the way."

"Very well. Now what about foreskin. Do you want it to be circumcised or uncut?"

I'd always like the look of a man without so I chose a cut one. The augmenter wrote all this stuff down with his two normal arms while sipping his coffee with a third.

"Okay, I think I have everything I need. Do you have any questions for me?" he asked.

"Yes... can it be removed if I wish?" I asked.

"Of course, but for an additional fee."

"And how long with the procedure take?" I asked.

"The procedure will take less than a minute, but the actual member will take two days to fully mature. Function will be achieved in exactly forty eight hours from the end of your visit today."

"Is there any discomfort during the growth?"

"Just some minor inching, really. You may feel some slight tickles as the urethra is routed to the new ejaculatory glands and they themselves grow within your body. Nothing to be concerned about. Your breasts and body will change within a day to the exact specifications of the number two package 36DD 24 36. The penis, since it is foreign to your female body will take the additional day. Because of the addition of internal glands you may notice new tightness to your vagina. The male prostate, seminal vesicles and Cowper glands will all be behind your clitoris but in front of your womb, crowding your vaginal canal. You may find having vaginal sex very different because of the stimulation of these glands from inside. "

"What do you mean, different?" I asked.

"Others that have had this same augmentation experience an even more intense female orgasm due to the stimulation of the internal male glands. They found that it was impossible to keep from becoming erect during vaginal intercourse as well, since the male glands will be stimulated from contact upon penetration."

"Oh, well that sounds okay," I said, getting rather turned on at the prospect.

"Very well, then change into this gown and a nurse will be by to escort you to the augmentation chamber. You'll be home before you know it."

**

When I left the clinic I didn't feel or look any different. I actually wondered if I had been ripped off but pressed my thumb on the pay button anyway. My account was debited the amount I agreed upon. What I did notice and something the augmenter didn't mention was how tired I was when I returned home. I ended up crashing on my bed and sleeping until the next morning after turning off my phone implant in my head. When I awoke I felt the itching he mentioned between my legs and threw back the covers to take a look at myself. I had become perfect overnight. My new breasts were large and firm and all my flaws were erased. My body was toned perfection and my new tits were absolutely amazing exactly what I had ordered.

I stood up and looked in the mirror in my room, admiring my new body. Even my blonde hair was healthier and gorgeous. I suddenly saw my tiny new penis between my legs. I walked closer to the mirror and looked at it up close. It was still very small and was what was itching. At the moment it didn't have a hole in the little head yet, that must have been still forming. I touched it and wiggled it around but couldn't feel much. The nerves and sensitivity hadn't grown into my system yet either. I was very excited for the next day. I couldn't image what a ten inch, fully hard male cock would look like arching upward over my sex. I couldn't wait to stroke it and experience what my boyfriend does when he climaxes. It's got to be amazing from the look on his face.

The rest of the day I stayed inside, because the itching and sensations of my morphing new penis were very distracting. I was also very tired again, probably a result of all the changes my body had gone through. I laid around and slept most of the day, waking up several times when a twinge from my new cock would bring me out of my slumber.

Around one in the afternoon I woke up with a big jolt from my new augmentation. I think something major had happened and I got out of bed to take a look. What I saw amazed me. My new penis looked fully formed. It was limp but it looked perfect. It was small still and I wondered if it would really reach ten inches like I had asked for. In the mirror, I inspected it. The slit in the head had formed and when I touched it I could actually feel my fingers touching my new penis. It was something I had never felt before. My heart immediately began to race as I caressed the small shaft and touched my new head. It felt good but didn't grow larger. I would have to wait until the morning for that.

I found that it was small enough to easily hide, with just a small bulge in my panties, which wouldn't show at all with clothes on. I ate some food and by then felt really tired again. I went to bed and didn't wake up until the following morning.

**

I was dreaming about sucking my boyfriend's cock when I woke up. I found my body stimulated and I was breathing quiet heavy in my sleep. I opened my eyes and looked down at my sheets covering my body and noticed three things rather quickly. Both my nipples were erect and that wasn't the only thing. My new ten inch cock was making a tent in the sheets between my legs. I threw my sheets off and stared down at my incredible new, fully erect ten inch monster. My breath caught in my throat and I was almost afraid to touch it. It pulsed and throbbed and I could actually feel the cool air and slight movement, it was so sensitive. My heart sped up; I was already going nuts and hadn't even touched myself. I slowly moved my hands down my body, tentatively reaching out and touching the straining head with the tips of my fingers. Pleasure surged through me, something so different than anything I'd ever felt. I took hold of the base, admiring the smooth lines into my body.

It had a beautiful head, slightly darker than the shaft, which was the same skin tone as my body. Veins lined the throbbing shaft and I could scarcely put my thumb and largest finger around the middle. The shaft flowed naturally into my flesh above my original sex as if it had always been there. Just looking at it turned my womanly body on as if it was a large, throbbing cock on a man.

Reaching lower with my other hand, I felt my clitoris amid my original sex. I was wet and aroused down there as well. With both hands, I took hold of my ten inches and it felt very similar to my boyfriends in my hands but the resulting effect made me moan, just as he does when I touch him. Now I knew how he felt. I bent my shaft sideways and up and down, admiring it and trying to get used to the new nerves and sensations it caused. Without really thinking, I began stroking like I've done many times before, but I was now stroking myself.

Usually I can stroke Zack forever and even suck him without him cumming. But I was caught off guard, so stimulating was my new shaft. I suddenly felt an intense sensation and didn't understand exactly what it was. So taken aback I didn't realize what was happening and didn't even stop stroking. Suddenly the sensation peaked and my new cock began to ejaculate high into the air. It was then that I realized what I was feeling. I was cumming like a man for the first time. I wondered if what had just happened to me happens to boys when they first experience ejaculation.

My body shook and contracted. My ass was clenched and the ropes of white semen shot up into the air and down onto my quivering body over and over. My first male orgasm was a large one and was so intense I bit my lip and tasted blood in my mouth after it finally died down. A euphoric bliss covered my body and I suddenly felt tired like my boyfriend often does after cumming. So overwhelmed, I didn't move, just laying their on my bed covered in my new found semen. It had happened so fast I could hardly believe I had cum.

By the time the semen had made me cold and I decided to clean up, my ten inch penis was tiny again. I decided to just jump in the shower and had to hold my arms against my body to keep the semen from running down to the floor. The warm water washed it all away as I stood under it. I soaped up my body, running my hands over my new firm breasts and found them just as sensitive as always. My nipples soon hardened and I felt the twinge in my clitoris that sometimes results when I play with my breasts. I ran my hands down my body to play and bumped into my penis without thinking it was there. It was growing big again from my breast stimulation. I bypassed it and began to grind my hands into my sex, loving the familiar sensations. The play only made my new cock grow faster and it was soon ten inches and throbbing. I focused on my clit with one hand and tweaked my nipples with the other. Looking down, I admired my straining cock but still didn't touch it.

I brought myself to climax the old fashioned way, basking in the waves of womanly bliss that were surprisingly different then the male equivalent. I really can't say which is better. They are both amazing but different. I quickly noticed that my new cock was oozing the same clear pre-cum I've seen and tasted from my boyfriend. It also remained hard even after my girl climax had ended. I was again afraid to touch it, fearing I'd cum instantly since I seemed so turned on. I had to teach myself how to use this thing, just like if I were a young man hitting puberty.

I knew if I just started stroking it like before, or if it was my boyfriend, I'd cum seconds later, so instead I just traced my fingers up and down the shaft and head. I learned where it was the most sensitive and what I liked the most and slowly tried to gain some control over the throbbing beast. My boyfriend had augmented his to be eleven inches so that was why I picked ten. I didn't want to outdo him, he might have felt intimidated if I went bigger so I went one inch shorter.

I finally felt like I had some control over it and began to slowly stroke the loose skin up and down in the hot shower with one hand. With the other, I teased my nipples to see what the result would be. It was wonderful. I stroked slowly, getting familiar with the male sensations my body wasn't used to. It was amazing and I kicked myself for waiting so long to do this. I learned quickly what would bring me to climax and what it felt like to get close. I had some experience in this with Zack. I often stroked him fast and hard before slowing down and keeping him just on the verge of orgasm. This usually resulted in a massive climax if I did it long enough and now I knew why.

I spent almost a half hour in the shower, stroking my cock and then stopping before I went too far. The result was phenomenal. It kind of reminded me of my female climax but wasn't as intense. The warmth and beating of my heart was the same. I was oozing all over my hand, my big cock was putting out the pre-cum like crazy especially when I got really close to climax and suddenly stopped. My cock would strain and jerk and a big gush of clear juice would surge out of my head and run down my shaft but the contractions didn't take hold until the last time when I took it too far.

I couldn't stop it and began stroking again as my cock erupted in a massive rope of cum. I screamed in ecstasy as the delaying of my orgasm culminated in a colossal one like I've done to Zack. It was even larger than the first one in my bed. I stared down in amazement as it shot ten large white ropes of cum onto the shower floor as I stroked. The male orgasm is so intense for so short of time and is so focused and centered in the cock. That is the biggest difference between the female and male. The female covers my entire body and lasts at least twice as long. Both are amazing and I have to admit I love watching my cock shoot out all that cum just like Zack's does, and now I know what it feels like. I couldn't wait to show him.

I got out of the shower and my phone rang in my head. I had turned it back on when I woke up earlier. With a thought, I connected the call and the image of Cindy came into my mind.

"Hey, girl, so did it work? Are you fully morphed?" she asked.

"Yep, want to see?" I asked.

"You know it," she returned.

I walked to my mirror naked and let her view what my eyes were seeing though the phone in my head.

"Damn, girl, look at you. You're hot as shit," she said as I looked at my breasts and then down my body in the mirror. When I looked at my new cock she spoke up, "Why's it so small?" she asked.

"Umm, I wanted it that way so I could hide it when not aroused."

"So it gets bigger?" she asked.

"Oh, yeah, much. Ten inches to be exact and wide when it's erect."

"Show me," Cindy said.

"Well, I don't know if I can... I kind of just came in the shower right before you called. It might not get hard this soon," I said, wiggling my little flaccid penis in the mirror.

"I see, already sampling the new morph in the shower. I don't blame you, girl. I was playing with my new clit the same second it fully morphed. Has Zack seen it yet?" she asked.

"No, I was just going to call him after I got dressed."

"Let me know what he thinks. I got to go. Glad it all went well and it works," Cindy said and the connection ended.

I was no longer tired. I guess since the augmentation was complete I had my energy back. I quickly dressed and ate something before calling Zack.

"Well, I did it."

"You did? You went through with it? The one you said you wanted?" he asked.

"Yep, I'm now the proud new owner of a big ol' cock."

"How big?" he asked a little defensive.

"Don't worry, babe. It's not as big as yours."

"Oh... well good. So when can I see it?" he asked.

I knew he would be worried about the size. I knew him so well.

"I'm coming to you now. I'll be there in ten minutes," I said.

**

I was faster than ten. I was excited for him to see the new me. As soon as he opened his door his mouth dropped open.

"Holy shit, you're incredible."

"I know, right? You should see me naked."

"Okay!"

"Invite me in first, dummy."

He invited me in and closed his door. He seemed as excited as I was. He had undergone the male full body package so he was now six-two, 220 and muscled with a nice big eleven inch cock that had increased blood flow and twice the volume of semen he used to have. I turned back to him when he closed the door. He looked at me again and his expression was priceless.

"I can't get over the change. Your tits are huge and you're so toned."

"Thanks, I should have done this sooner, but hindsight is 20/20 as they say. So you ready to see the new me?" I asked.

"Oh yeah!"

I smiled and proceeded to undress for him, dropping my clothes on his couch as I went. I quickly noticed the huge bulge in his pants. My new body was turning him on rapidly. When he finally saw my new breasts I heard him gasp with pleasure. Then I pulled my panties down and out flipped my little cock hanging flaccid over my sex.

"It's just a little one," he said.

"Not really, just wait and see," I said, taking my new cock in my hand and stroking it.

I watched his expression change as it began to grow and grow and grow until the full erect ten inches stood out in my hand.

"It's ten inches, just one shy of yours," I said when it was done growing.

"Jill, it's amazing. I can't tell you how sexy you look stroking that thing. And you have no balls so I can see your normal pussy. Man what a visual!"

"I know, it's awesome. Do you want to touch me?" I asked, wondering why he hadn't come closer.

He had been so taken by my new appearance that he hadn't moved from his spot. But now he quickly came over to me and reached out to my breasts first. His big, warm hands felt like heaven, he was always good at touching my breasts. He never hurt them or abused them in anyway and this was the same.
