 When the game was finally over, Zack and I left the group and took the autocab back to his place for the night. We spend the night at each other's places most days but still haven't taken the plunge and moved in together. It was past midnight by the time we got in the door. I practically had to run to the bathroom after all the wine I had consumed, which wasn't easy since I was also pretty drunk. In my drunken condition, I forgot about my new appendage and literally jumped when I saw it between my legs as I sat on the toilet. Of course the surprise quickly went away and I reached down and touched my flaccid cock. The sensations were still new and I was still getting used to them. With just a light touch, I watched it move slightly, extending a fraction before shrinking back when I removed my fingers.

I enjoyed watching it move and touching it a few more times before finishing my bathroom needs and getting up to see what Zack was up to. I found him naked, flat on his back asleep. He must have just crashed because he hadn't pulled up the covers or even turned off the light. His large cock didn't shrink to nothing like mine does; his fell to the right and hung flaccid, touching his leg and extending almost six inches soft. I admired his body lying there as I removed my clothing. My new cock was semi hard by the time I was naked, arching out from my perfected body and bouncing slightly in the air. I walked to the side of the bed where Zack lay and started touching my cock as I watched him sleep. It grew rapidly and was soon ten inches and throbbing.

I stood there, playing with it but not really stroking when I noticed Zack must have been dreaming by then. His cock began to roll over and started to grow erect as his breathing became deeper. This was a big turn on for me. His cock continued to grow and move on its own until it was fully erect arching over his six-pack abs. My cock was oozing by then. Pre-cum was beading up around my slit and the longer I stood there the bigger the ball of clear liquid got until it started running down the underside of my cock. Damn, I was horny again, I wanted to grab Zack's cock and sit down on it as I stroked my own as I rode him. I was sure I was wet enough; I could feel cold air hitting my moist lips hidden under my long cock. I wondered if Zack would mind if I woke him up and the longer I played and watched his cock, I got it in my head that he wouldn't more and more.

I couldn't stand it anymore. As cautiously as I could, I crawled on the bed and slowly over his body. He must have been really tired and out of it because he didn't even stir. I was directly over his cock, looking down at it and my own, trying not to put my weight on him a much as I could manage. I reached down, touching his cock to see if that would wake him but he still didn't stir with my finger running up and down his shaft. It did get harder though, lifting off his stomach further as the sensation affected him even in sleep. It got bolder then, grabbing his shaft and lifting it toward me, bending his eleven inches upward very slowly. Still he didn't wake. I pulled it more until he was almost vertical running parallel with my own cock.

If I was going to take him inside I had to get to my feet and lift myself up further to insert his long shaft. Getting to my feet moved the bed more than I wanted and I feared he wake up before I was able to slide him in. I hadn't let go of his cock, now that I had it vertical I didn't want to. Once on my feet, my heart was racing. For some reason I was way excited to do this why he was asleep. Holding him under my wet sex, I eased downward until I felt his large head come in contact with my pussy. I froze, watching his face for any sign he was waking up. Nothing, so I proceeded and took his head inside my body and further and further until half of his cock was in me.

I was really wet, he slid in exceptionally easy even with all my new glands I now had. It felt amazing, making my new cock spasm and surge with blood. I held him inside me, squatting over him and began to stroke my cock to the lovely sensations coursing through my enhanced body. I stroked for about a minute before beginning to move a tiny bit up and down on his cock. Not enough to wake him up but enough to mix the pleasure of vaginal sex with stroking my new dick. The combination was exquisite, making my heart race even faster and pleasure flood my body. My nipples grew rock hard and copious amounts of pre-cum ran from my purple head to find my hand as I stroked.

I started to get into it more and forgetting Zack was asleep. Moans escaped my lips and I started moving up and down on his cock faster and longer, taking more and more of him inside and moving over six inches at a time. Good hell the pleasure was intense, I was so turned on and the excitement of the experience only made it more enjoyable. I could feel my feminine orgasm coming on in a big way and I was pretty sure when it hit, my legs would give out.

I was so into my own pleasure and enjoying all the sensations that I didn't notice Zack's eyes were open and he was smiling up at me. It took me by surprise and I almost jumped off him in embarrassment but he grabbed my hips and slammed me down onto his cock, forcing all eleven inches into me as my butt finally hit his body.

"Having fun?" he asked.

"Umm... yes... sorry, I hope you're not mad," I said.

"I'm not mad; I've been awake the whole time. I woke up when you were taking your clothes off and kept peeking at you when you weren't looking. I got hard because of watching you stroke your cock," he said, laughing.

"Oh, shit... you totally played me," I said.

"And it was worth it. So keep going, ride me, babe and stroke that cock of yours," he said, pushing my hips up off of him.

I started again, now not afraid to wake him up. I pounded down on his cock, rising high and falling fast as I stroked my cock and fucked my boyfriend. He reached up and played with my breasts, which only brought my orgasm to a head all the faster. Tweaking my nipples, I lost it when my climax hit making my lose my balance and fall onto him, panting. I had to let go of my cock and just shook and convulsed as my pussy flooded with juices and quivered on his long cock. My cock was pinned between us as I panted and trembled through my climax. He moved his cock slightly inside of me as my pussy pulsed and shuddered around it.

Several minutes later, I finally lifted myself off of him to find him smiling again.

"I thought for sure you cock was going to explode in my face," he said.

"Nope, the other orgasm won this time," I replied.

"I'd say. You came hard... my balls are drenched in your cum."

"Yeah, it was a good one for sure. Make use of that juice and fuck me where you want to," I said, making his eyes widen.

I climbed off of him and turned my ass to his face, running my fingers up over my pussy and circled my little asshole for him. He got to his knees quickly, his cock covered in my juices like he said it was. My dick was still rock hard as I went on all fours with my legs spread and back arched. He rubbed his large head up and down my tight hole before holding it tight against my butt and pressing in. This wasn't the first time he's stuck his eleven inch cock in my ass, we've done it before, but only when I'm really horny and this was one of those times.

With the head in, Zack paused, letting me get used to the intrusion. Normally I play with my clit when he fucks my ass, but now I have a larger easier appendage to play with. Reaching under my body, I took my cock in my right hand and stroked it hard and fast as Zack pressed inch after inch into my tight ass.

"Gawd! It feels so good!" I screamed as I stroked and savored the pleasure of his big dick filling my ass.

It was wonderful when I stroked, adding to the experience more than I thought possible. He held himself all the way in deep, before slowly retreating out as I stroked with a constant rhythm. He thrust in again, faster this time as I was plenty prepared for him and he knew it. Deep, all the way his cock went until I felt his balls press against my open pussy. He pulled out rapidly and began to fuck me at the same speed I was stroking my cock.

Anal had never felt so good. My body was humming with unbelievable pleasure as Zack went at my ass relentlessly. Over and over he fucked me deep, shallow, hard, fast. He must have known I could take anything this time because he did everything and anything he wanted, even pulling out all the way and popping back in before I closed off. His hands reached under me a few times to squeeze my breasts and pitch my nipples. I could tell he liked playing with my new breasts. But it was his cock in my ass that was too good to be true. I don't know if it was the new cock and all that came with it or my female upgrade, but something was making anal sex incredible. 

"Yes!... Yes!... Zack, fuck me... fuck my little ass hard!" I screamed, totally taken by the pleasure I was experiencing.

My new cock was awesome, making me again wonder why I hadn't done the procedure sooner. It felt amazing in my hand as I stroked it hard and fast to his barrage of thrusts. His balls continued to slap my pussy over and over until the noise got quiet and I realized his sack had tightened up in preparation for his orgasm. He had been going at my ass for over twenty minutes. Way longer than I'd ever let him before. I was close as well. I could feel my cock surging with blood and my pleasure approaching the pinnacle of male desire.

"Cum with me!" I screamed as I knew he had to be close.

"I'm almost there!" he called out. "Just a few more seconds!"

He was right on the nose and I took myself to the same limit. As soon as he pulled out, I quickly turned around and knelt in front of him. Together we stroked our cocks and came on each other. Several times our streams of cum hit the other and made a white fountain of jizz as we both moaned and stroked our loads onto one another. It was amazing and both of us unloaded large amounts of cum until we were both striped with white and empty. Several of our bursts curled in the air and landed on our chests, clinging to my breasts and his chest. I loved the fact that I knew exactly how he was feeling as the cum flew from our cocks. 

We fell onto our backs next to each other, panting with hearts racing and covered in each other's juices as our male orgasms finally ended.

"Fuck! Jill... that was the most amazing sex I've ever had!" he said.

"Same here... it just keeps getting better, doesn't it?"

"Yes... I've never fucked your ass like that before."

"Nope, and it was so good, I can't believe how good it was."

"'Cause of your new dick?" he asked.

"Must be, or maybe the female package came with it. I don't know but wow it's awesome."

"That duel orgasm was crazy... I didn't know getting cummed on would be such a turn on," he said.

"Welcome to my world... I've always liked when you cum on me. But cumming with you was even better," I said.

He smiled and I snuggled up to him, too tired to really clean up. Together, exhaustion took over and we fell asleep in each other's arms.

**

When I woke up, Zack was gone. He had work to do and didn't even wake me. My body was crusty from the night before so I immediately got up and showered. I washed all the dried semen from myself and Zack off my breasts and cock. I did notice my little asshole was a little sore from the pounding Zack gave me but it was so worth it. Thinking about it got me curious to know why it was so good. I wondered if I had missed something in the description of the augmentation I got at the center. I had ordered the number two full body package for women, basically because of the pictures. I didn't really read up on what it all entailed. I finished my shower quickly and got out with my hair wrapped in a towel.

Sitting naked at Zack's media interface, I found the augmentation site and started reading about the number two full body package. It was in the fourth paragraph.

"Increased anal sensitivity, triggered by sexual arousal."

It even went on and discussed anal sex benefits with the package. Looks like I ordered something I didn't know I was getting. I kind of laughed and figured it was a beneficial oversight on my part. I guess it had nothing to do with my new cock, but wow, the combination of the anal and stroking was amazing. I wondered what double penetration would feel like. It would probably be unbelievable with all that I had going on down there now.

Reading up on this and thinking about it, turned me on. I wasn't surprised when I looked down and my little penis wasn't so little anymore. It was sticking out from my body, bouncing its way to erect as I sat in Zack's chair. I wished he was home. Even with my ass a little sore I wanted to do it again and maybe add a toy along with his cock in my ass. That thought topped my ten inch cock out. It was fully erect, straining between my legs, begging to be touched. I leaned back in the chair and it responded to my body, extending out until I was lying down. The towel fell off my head as I arched my back and grabbed the base of my throbbing cock. My fingers brushed my clitoris hood and lips and I closed my eyes, sighing in pleasure from the combination. 

Phoning Zack in my head, he answered.

"How quick can you get home?" I asked, opening my eyes and giving him a view down my body as I lay on his chair.

The image was relayed into his phone implant. He could clearly see my nipples hard and my hand around my erect cock, lying in his chair completely naked. 

"Fuck," was his response and then, "I'll take an early lunch, give me ten minutes," he said, disconnecting.

I giggled and stroked my cock one time for the thrill of it. With one hand around my cock, I used my other to touch my moist lips and clit, moving lower to test the soreness of my ass. When I touched my tight hole it felt incredible, no soreness at all. I think my arousal had kicked in the anal sensitivity like the site said. I only felt pleasure with no hint of any lasting effects from the night before. Stroking my cock very slowly, I circled my puckered hole with a wet finger from my vagina, before slipping in just the tip. The sensitivity was incredible! Pleasure washed over my body, persuading me to insert more of my finger.

The deeper I went the more the pleasure increased. My hard cock was oozing a stream of clear pre-cum down the topside of my dick, which had reached my hand at the base. Removing my hand, I tasted the slippery liquid, pleasantly surprised to find it enhanced as well. From the base up, I wiped off all my pre-cum and seared it around my anus, easily adding another finger with the new lube. My cock quickly produced more as I gently stroked with one hand and fucked my ass with two fingers. I couldn't go as deep as I wanted and yearned for Zack to finally get home so I could enjoy his eleven inches again.

With each downward stroke of my cock, I made sure my fingers brushed my erect clit. I was stimulating as much as I could to not let one climax overpower the other. I was essentially keeping myself highly stimulated in all departments, waiting for Zack. The ten minutes went by fast because of the fun I was having. I was humming with pleasure so much I didn't even hear him come in the apartment until he was suddenly there, staring down at me with a big smile on his face.

"Starting without me, I see," he said.

"Kinda," I giggled... "I'm just keeping myself ready for you."

"Is that what it's called now?" he laughed as he began taking his clothes off quickly.

He was soon naked and his cock was hard and ready from the anticipation. He was about to join me on the reclined chair when I stopped him.

"Go get the toys," I quickly said.

He half grinned and darted off to the bedroom where we keep our bag of adult toys we play with. He returned rapidly, cock swinging back and forth as he walked quickly. He brought the entire bag with him and set it down on the desk. That's when he saw the display with the augmentation site still on the holoscreen.

"Doing some research?" he asked.

"Yeah, I guess it wasn't my new cock that made the anal so good last night. It came with the female package I got. My ass is now highly sensitive when I'm aroused."

"Good to know," he said, taking a large dildo out of the bag and sitting down on the end of the chair. He reached out to touch my erect penis with the long toy in his other hand. 

He grabbed my cock hard, making me jump from the suddenness of his actions and then moan as he forced the toy into my dripping pussy with the other hand. He proceeded to stroke my cock and fuck my pussy hard and deep. Neither was gentle, but I'm sure he could tell I was past the foreplay stage. Leaving the toy shoved up my sex, he dropped his head and began to feast on my clit while he continued to stroke my cock. I've got to say that having my cock stroked and my clit sucked and licked at the same time was unreal. When he added a finger to my ass, several minutes later, I came instantly. It was a female orgasm again and one to remember to say the least. 

I screamed so loud it echoed around the room before I cut it off short. My body went nuts, shaking and convulsing so hard I lost control of myself and involuntary movements took over. He somehow managed to pin me down enough to keep his finger in my ass and his mouth on my clit as I came so hard I thought my body might explode with overwhelming pleasure. I don't know how he managed to do it all but he kept stroking, kept the toy up my pussy and continued to nibble on my clit all the while his finger was in my ass. Pleasure beyond description flooded my body and I swear I came and came for several minutes without much control of anything.

The contractions were so severe that with the toy stuffed in my pussy, the clenching squeezed my new glands like milking a prostate. By the time I was done climaxing, several globs of thick white cum had been forced out of my new cock without experiencing my male orgasm. When I opened my eyes Zack was staring at my cock he still had in his hand.

"Damn, that was amazing watching your own contractions milk your cock! I've never seen anything like it before. Look how much was forced out!" he said, holding up his hand after wiping my cock off.

I couldn't speak yet; I was still catching my breath and struggling for air. I just nodded and fell back on the chair panting. 

"I knew your cock wasn't cumming because it wasn't spurting out. Every now and then a glob of white would appear, one after the other. Way cool."

"It felt 'way cool'," I managed to say.

He removed his finger from my butt and pulled out the long toy, letting me just lay there for a minute or two to catch my breath. He gently stroked his cock as he waited and mine stayed erect without any further manipulation. 

"I'm glad you could take an early lunch. Do you have to go back?" I asked.

"Unfortunately yes. I have a holocall set up at two," he replied.

"Well then, let's not waste any more time," I said, lifting my legs and bending them at the knees.

He stood up with his cock in his hand, looking absolutely gorgeous. His cock was glistening from his own pre-cum and still very hard. Squatting down, Zack fed the head into my very wet sex at the same time as he grabbed my dick and pulled it vertical. All eleven inches disappeared inside me rapidly and at the same rate as he stroked downward on my cock. I arched my back in pleasure, basking in the combination of both organs stimulated at the same time. He began stroking and fucking me nice and steady, making the chair move slightly with each lunge. The toy was still on the chair next to me and the movement made it roll and hit my butt cheek, reminding me it was there.
