 Aurelia - Zombie Rendezvous

Hiding out in an abandoned zombie infested district of the metropolis had its benefits, providing Aurelia with sanctuary from the prying eyes of the government authorities that had become set on the eradication of any and all things supernatural. That is, until they became preoccupied with defending against the zombie breakout of two years ago.

The severity of the zombie breakout had overtaken local resources in the district causing humanity to retreat to establish a quarantine district in an attempt to contain the growing outbreak. Despite the general withdrawal from the district, however, there remained hidden pockets of humanity as well vampires and other supernatural beings that were either left behind or opted not to vacate.

For Aurelia, humanity's withdrawal from the district meant less likelihood that she might be confused for a vampire due to her many Gwardian, vampiric characteristics. At the same time, however, it meant that she had few desirable prospects to fulfill her all too frequent Gwardian Breeder oestrus cycles.

During Aurelia's many quests to fulfill her carnal need, she had discovered that the zombies, though nearly mindless in their hunger for all things flesh, still packed an active libido when stimulated. In some respects, they represented the perfect object to provide mindless satisfaction, if not for the underlying danger inherent in trying to take advantage of them.

As Aurelia left the sanctuary of her industrial bunker, she left on her racer bike wearing a short skirt rather than more generally suitable pants, so as to facilitate a quicker interaction thereby minimizing the time required to gain fulfillment. It was generally necessary to be as quick as possible before other zombies happened upon the scene. The difficulty was to find a zombie in relative seclusion, as they tended to travel in packs of anywhere from 3 to 5 to mobs numbering in multiples of ten.

The electric motor on Aurelia's motorcycle allowed her to travel the deserted roads in near silence, thus avoiding any undue attention.

As she rounded yet another corner passing by an alleyway Aurelia spotted two lone zombies down the otherwise seemingly vacant back road. Stopping to scan her surroundings to be sure that no other eyes were fixed on her presence, she stealthily proceeded slowly down the alley. Neither of the two zombies had noticed Aurelia's approach, allowing her to park her bike in a an entrance way inset of one of the long abandoned brick buildings lining the alleyway. 

As Aurelia walked out from the recessed entrance back into the alley, her movement caught the attention of the nearest zombie, whom immediately turned toward Aurelia and began to slowly approach her. As it began its approach, the other zombie also noticed her presence and began to follow.

"Perfect!" Aurelia thought to herself. She'll easily be able to incapacitate the first zombie and then have her way with the second. Happily, the alleyway remained vacant as the distance between Aurelia and the first zombie quickly closed as they walked toward each other.

Now upon each other, the zombie slowly lunged toward Aurelia trying to grab her torso as it moved in to feast upon her deliciously pale white flesh. Aurelia had other plans, though.

With a smooth grace, Aurelia simply twisted her body to avoid the zombie's grasp and then she grabbed hold of its outstretched left arm twisting the zombie in such a way to allow her to securely hold its arm behind its back. Without effort, suddenly there was a snap as Aurelia bent the zombie's arm unnaturally upward, popping its left arm out of the zombie's shoulder socket.

Turning the zombie around, Aurelia then grabbed it by its head and pushed its face down toward her swiftly rising left knee. With a sickening crash, its face smashed upon her knee, leaving blood on the bare skin of her knee and thigh. To be sure he zombie was incapacitated, Aurelia maintained her hold upon the zombie and then quickly ploughed it head first into the solid brick wall of the building. Then, as one last final measure to ensure the zombie would pose no further threat, she quickly twisted its head around, snapping its neck.

Just as its neck snapped, Aurelia found herself being grabbed from behind by the other zombie. She was a bit taken by surprise, as she did not expect it to so quickly join the fracas. Unconcerned, however, Aurelia turned to face the zombie, using her hands to keep the zombie from getting in closer quarters to her body.

The zombie was quite a bit taller than Aurelia and it had much longer arms, which allowed it to grab at Aurelia's body as she tried to hold it at bay. As it grabbed at Aurelia in an attempt to pull her body in toward its menacingly growling mouth, the zombie grabbed hold of Aurelia's leather jacket above the zipper, pulling the leather material toward itself.

The pressure of the pull caused her jacket to unzip downward, revealing Aurelia's lowly cut black bra top. The light of the moon and the dim area light shining from the buildings reflected off of Aurelia's exposed cleavage glistening into the eyes of the zombie.

Now managing to grab onto both sides of the opened jacket front, the surprising strength of this particular zombie was not only causing Aurelia's jacket to unzip almost right down to the waistband, but its strength was also allowing it to win the battle of drawing Aurelia's body in closer toward it.

Aurelia increased her resistance to hold herself away from the zombie when all of a sudden it released the grip upon her jacket by its left hand and quickly thrust the hand forward, grabbing Aurelia by her hair which had been hanging freely on the right side of her face.

The sudden tug upon her hair caused her face to twist to her left, partially causing Aurelia to lose the leverage of her stance. Before she could adjust her stance, the zombie managed to pull the right side of Aurelia's body into its own body, presenting the opening it needed to try and bite down on Aurelia's right shoulder.

The bite was powerful, but unable to pierce the black leather of her jacket. The pressure of the bite preoccupied Aurelia's mind, though, just enough to allow the zombie to reposition its right hand around Aurelia's body to pull her in even tighter into its grasp.

Realizing that the zombie's bite was not strong enough to bite through the material of her jacket, with her arms now simply hanging down at her sides, Aurelia moved her hand forward to the zombie's pants and began to undo its pants.

She had just managed to unclasp the font of its pants when its right hand dropped down the left side of her back onto her bum, just below her butt cheek. Then suddenly, it effortlessly lifted Aurelia up off the ground and then quickly moved her backward. 

Before she could take any evasive action, it crashed Aurelia's back into the brick wall behind her, causing her to become slightly dazed from the impact of her head against the wall. As the zombie then pulled Aurelia forward toward itself, away from the wall, in her slightly dazed state, her head fell back and to her left, fully exposing the right side of her neck and shoulder. The zombie wasted no time in moving its mouth further up her shoulder, biting into the bared flesh of her neck at the base of where it turns into her shoulder.

Aurelia's mouth fell open with a quick gasp, as the zombie's teeth broke through her skin and it began to suck on her blood. With Aurelia now held prone, the zombie continued to bite and suck on her skin at the base of her neck. At the same time, it then dropped to its knees plopping Aurelia onto the ground on her bum. It then moved forward causing Aurelia's upper body to fall back onto the ground.

Aurelia was laid on her back with the zombie on top of her. With her legs spread to each side of the zombie's waist, she was not in a position to offer any credible resistance as her blood was being sucked out of her. All of a sudden, the zombie released its bite upon her neck and lifted its torso up, giving it a very pleasant view of Aurelia upper body and the skimpy crop bra top that was fully exposed due to her jacket being fully open. With both hands, it then grabbed her top by the small of her cleavage and then pulled upon the material in opposite directions causing the top to rip open, exposing Aurelia's smallish, but firm and perky breasts.

With her back slightly arched upward from the pull on her top, her breasts were heaving upward toward the zombie, who in turn brought its mouth down upon her right breast, taking the long erect nipple and surrounding flesh deeply into its mouth.

Taking a depraved sort of pleasure from herself being victimized, Aurelia could feel the zombie beast's manhood stiffening against her groin. Despite her own arousal growing, Aurelia thrust up with her arms to push the zombie off of her.

The powerful thrust indeed caused the zombie to fall off of Aurelia's body, falling onto its back to her left. Aurelia quickly sat up and then moved to straddle overtop of the zombie.

With her left hand, Aurelia held the zombie's body down, despite it pawing at her upper body and boobs with its long arms. Still managing to hold the zombie in place, Aurelia reach down and attempted to manoeuvre its pants down. She found the task too difficult to accomplish with just one hand, though. 

To aid in her efforts, Aurelia let go of the zombie with her left hand and then quickly moved further down the zombie's body, so that she could use both hands to pull the zombie's pants down to expose the zombie's ample manhood. Having released the zombie's torso, however, had freed the zombie to lift its torso up into a sitting position as Aurelia was lowering its pants. This opening allowed the zombie to reach forward and again grab Aurelia by her hair while she was preoccupied with pulling its pants down.

Yanking forward on her hair, the power of its pull caused Aurelia to fall forward on top of the zombie. With Aurelia again off balance, the zombie managed to roll over reversing positions so that it was once again in the dominant position on top of Aurelia.

With the zombie on top of her, Aurelia's legs were again straddled around the zombie, causing her skirt to ride way up her thighs. In the position on top of Aurelia that the zombie was in, its stiff member was inadvertently pressing right against her thin thong panties pushing against the slit of her opening.

The stimulation from the pressure of its stiff rod against her womanhood caused an overwhelming arousal in Aurelia. To further enhance matters, Aurelia did not bother to try to hold the zombie back from lowering its torso and head down onto her, instead she reached down to her groin with both hands, using one to move her panties off to the side and with the other, guided the zombie's stiff shaft into her opening.

Just as the zombie again bit down onto her shoulder, its member penetrated inside of Aurelia, causing a surge of intoxicating stimulation to overwhelm her senses, leaving her somewhat oblivious to the more nefarious intentions of the zombie feeding upon her.

With the zombie intent on drinking her blood and beginning to nibble upon her flesh, Aurelia was lost in her depraved pleasure, bucking her hips rhythmically to enhance the zombie's unintentional fucking of her pussy. As the stimulation continued to build inside of Aurelia, she could at the same time feel herself weakening due to the zombie's draining of her blood. Her weakening was being further enhanced by the zombie virus infecting and spreading through her body.

Thankfully, the zombie virus, which would very quickly infect and overwhelm a normal human, had a much more mild affect due to Aurelia's supernatural immune system. A quick bite would have virtually zero effect, but prolonged exposure to zombie feeding would begin to temporarily slow her regenerative powers and would begin to enhance the pace of her weakening as compared to just normal blood loss.

In this instance, Aurelia could sense that the prolonged amount of time this zombie was feeding upon her due to her continued sexual indulgence was beginning to allow too much of the zombie venom to enter into and spread through her body. The sexual stimulation she was experiencing, though, was increasingly leaving her in a state of thoughtless intoxication as her desire for further stimulation increased as she got closer and closer to orgasm.

As Aurelia was nearing her plateau she felt the zombie climax with its warm ejaculate spraying deeply inside of her. This was the final stimulation she needed causing her own body to begin convulsing from finally reaching climax.

For close to a full minute, Aurelia's body shook and convulsed in an uncontrollable orgasm, causing her to scream out in satisfaction, all while the zombie continued to bite and gnaw and suck upon her flesh.

When her orgasm finally dissipated, rational thought returned to the vampire like vixen. Aurelia brought her hands up to try and push the zombie up from being on top of her. As her attempt failed, however, only then did Aurelia consciously realize how much she had been drained and weakened by the zombie.

To further compound matters, through the corner of her eye she saw far down the alley that a group of six zombies were slowly approaching, likely alerted to her presence by her screaming out while lost in the throes of her intense orgasm. To the approaching zombies, it appeared that they had merely happened upon a live capture that they would all be intent on sharing with the single zombie currently on top of and feasting upon its prey.

Aurelia's temporary sexual satisfaction and contentment was now replaced by the realization that she was quite weakened and now on the cusp of a potentially dangerous fight to escape the zombie horde. Time would now be of the essence so that she could get in position to fight the oncoming group of zombies. First things first, however, Aurelia had to very quickly manage to free herself from the zombie currently on top of her.

Aurelia quickly and violently bucked her hips up in an attempt to knock the zombie off of her. All this managed to do, however, was cause its again stiff member to slide nearly out and then back deeply inside of her, which again served to tweak her Gwardian Breeder curse of uncontrollable arousal. She tried again, but again it only led to further stimulation. Apparently the zombie too was stimulated, as it began to instinctively move its hips up and down intensifying its fucking of Aurelia. 

This stimulation of the zombie, though, must have also been its own distraction to the zombie, for Aurelia sensed its bite upon her flesh loosen. Seizing the opening, Aurelia grabbed hold of the zombie's head and pulled it up causing it to completely lose its bite on her flesh. At the same time, however, Aurelia struggled to keep the zombie's head from moving back down to again bite her, as her own stimulation from still being fucked by the zombie created its own distraction for her.

Finally, with a burst of concerted effort, Aurelia managed to roll sideways causing the zombie to roll off of her. This positional change caused the zombie's stiff rod to slide out of Aurelia as well. With her own intoxicating stimulation ceased, Aurelia leapt to her feet. It was at that moment again, however, that Aurelia was reminded as to how drained she had become, as she stumbled and struggled to maintain her balance.

Her own troubles allowed the zombie at her feet to grab hold of the bare flesh on her calf and then further secure a grip around her booted ankle. Aurelia immediately tried to pull her leg free of the zombie, but before she could, the zombie lunged with its mouth and bit into the bare flesh on her calf.

Aurelia let out a pained squeal and then using her other leg, stomped down onto the head of the zombie in an attempt to free herself from its bite. The manoeuvre worked, but a sizable chunk of flesh from Aurelia's leg remained in its mouth.

Aurelia staggered a few feet from the zombie as she tried to gain her bearing. Looking at her leg and then up to the wound on her shoulder, she became more panicked in seeing that neither wound was immediately regenerating as it normally should. At the same time, a wave of nausea swept over Aurelia, causing her to involuntarily bend over and vomit. The zombie had injected much more of it venomous virus inside of Aurelia's body than her superhuman immunity could immediately process, causing her body to convulse as it reacted to the zombie infection.

This was all not very good for Aurelia, as the other six approaching zombies were nearly in reach of her. Seeing that they were almost right on top of her, Aurelia mustered up the will within her to overcome her nausea and try to retreat out of their reach.

Still too weakened, Aurelia was only managing to move just out of their reach, but not managing to put any further distance between her and the approaching hoard of hungry zombies. As she turned to see where she might further retreat to, the problem at hand came to the fore, as the lane was a dead end and she had nowhere else to really go. With the limited time available to her, Aurelia's only immediate option was to turn and face the approaching zombies, who had her outnumbered by a count of seven to one.

The good news was that her wounds were now starting to close, as her body was slowly regenerating. Aurelia still felt weak, but she had enough energy to quickly move to her right, toward the opposite side of the lane from which the zombies were approaching.

Briefly she had an opening to try and bolt forward through, bypassing the first couple of zombies, who were not as quick and nimble enough to effectively follow her. The zombies were scattered apart, though, thus allowing the zombies that were in back of the approaching hoard to move to their right in time to cut off Aurelia's path to freedom, thus causing Aurelia to have to stop so as not to run directly into the zombies.

With her stopped, the situation only seemed to grow more grave, as now she had zombies approaching from both in front and from behind her, with the other zombies now turned in pursuit. Aurelia didn't have time to coolly contemplate her next move and she knew that in her weakened state, it would be unwise of her to stand and fight when she was so outnumbered.

Mustering up all of her explosive strength, Aurelia sprinted forward angling her approach so that there was only one zombie directly in her way. Just as she was about to crash head-on into the zombie, she leapt high in the air reaching up and forward into a diving position, right over top of the too slow to react zombie.

Aurelia landed hands first and tumbled into a well executed rolling landing which resulted in her immediately being back on her feet and in a full sprint toward the beginning of the alley, where she had left her motorbike. With the horde of zombies chasing after her with surprising speed, Aurelia quickly mounted her motorcycle and pushed the ignition button. 

Just as the lead zombie was about to lean forward in an attempt to grab at Aurelia and her motorbike, Aurelia revved to full throttle and with the tires squealing, the bike popped up into a wheelie and she sped away, just managing to accelerate quickly enough to avoid the lunging grab of the first zombies to arrive where here motorcycle had been only a split second earlier.

Aurelia raced through the darkened, deserted streets of the district, having narrowly avoided peril due to her dangerous indulgences. Somehow Aurelia knew, though, as she sped away, that it would likely only be a matter of time until her depravity made for yet another interesting evening.

The End

By flirty_but_nice