 Have mercy on me, this is my first story of any kind, let alone first posting on Literotica. I am only now really developing an interest in various Fantasy topics and Worlds as I spent my youth as a Jock and adulthood as a Marine. I hope you enjoy this story and I hope to progressively improve as the parts add up. Also, I have started a story in mind about a hostile take-over and uniting of the various gangs and factions that comprise the Los Angeles underworld. Glad to hear any constructive thoughts and willing to implement suggestions, if you find it worth your time. Thank you! Enjoy!

*****

The man awoke to soft sunshine on his face. He was lying amidst a bed of soft green grass, in the middle of a small meadow. As the man rose to his feet he realized that he had absolutely no memory of how he came to be at that place, nor memory of anything at all before waking in that field moments before. 

His name was Michael, that much he knew, though he had no idea how. Michael knew he was a Warrior of some kind. Even if he hadn't inherently known as much, his outfit was obviously a dead giveaway. Yet, somehow, any observer would tell you that the title of "Warrior" seemed wholly inadequate. 

He had a face that was somehow hard and soft, kind and firm as well as exotic and aristocratic all at the same time. His alert eyes shined with an unnatural glow from their stunning Emerald irises. His black hair shined with a hint of blue any time the sun passed through it. His unblemished skin lit with a vital glow under his golden complexion, intense, direct sunlight causing a near imperceptible sparkle. His body naturally hairless below the neck, he kept his face shaved cleanly. 

His full body suit of scale armor clung to his body like a second skin, allowing uninhibited range of motion, the overlapping metal scales allowing flexibility as well as guaranteeing the any incoming blow from an enemy would be met with multiple layers of metal. 

The beautiful summer morning was rich with the sounds of happy birds and the smell of fragrant blooms as Michael made his way through the countryside, eventually finding a wagon path lined with ripe fruit trees. He carried on along the path at a pleasant walking pace until midday, at which point he sat under a nice pomegranate tree to enjoy the ripe fruit along with some peaches he had picked from trees along the way. 

The fact that the trees were still heavy with ripe fruit this late in the season was yet another indicator that this fertile valley had long since been abandoned by men. Michael

sat, simply enjoying the songs of the birds, the soft sunshine and cool breeze as he considered his options and his unusual situation. 

Before he was able to reach any sort of consensus, Michael heard the soft whisper of leather coming from the long green grass at his back. Since he doubted an innocent traveler would try to sneak up on him and he didn't think any of the local animals wore thick leather and approached men, he expected some sort of attack to come from the direction his back was currently facing. 

When the hidden enemy did burst forth, Michael was ready, and before the attacker could process what was happening they were pinned on their back with a long blade to their neck. 

It's an Orc, thought Michael. A female. A damned good looking female at that. He looked down below the fearful eyes and saw huge tits covered only by a leather band that barely concealed her nipples, and a fur loincloth wrapped around her hips. He slowly lowered the blade of his Falcata from her throat and asked, "What are you doing attacking me?" 

"Slave" she said. 

"You want to take me as a slave?" 

She nodded. "But now I am your slave. I challenged you and lost. Me and all that I have belongs to you. It is Orc law." 

"I hardly think I defeated you. I simply reacted more with quickness and surprised you. So do not feel that you are beholden to me. In fact, you are free to go."

The She-Orc looked puzzled for a moment before slowly rising to strong sandaled her feet. "I...free?", she asked. 

"Yes, free." answered Michael. 

The She-Orc grinned, her beautiful emerald green skin a contrast to her sharp white teeth, her vestigial tusks barely poking up above her lower lip.

"If I am now again free, then I am free to capture you. You will no surprise Talasa this time. I drag you back to Orc camp. You make good slave. Fetch good price or maybe I keep you. Human slaves are very prestigious. They say you're small pink cocks are no good for sex, but very pretty, you are, so I may try you once but Talasa need big cocks for pleasure-not puny pink worm. Come here pretty boy, no more playing around." said Talasa as she advanced to lunge forward. 

Michael laughed and snatched her ankle off the ground, flipping her and dropping her on her back. He then stepped back and allowed her to get up, only to drop her again the next time she charged with a sweep of his foot. Again and again Talasa charged forward only to be dropped to the ground, thrown or flipped, her anger and pride quickly turning to lust and respect for his skill and strength, more so with each round. After several rounds Michael even allowed Talasa to close with him and assume a wrestling stance. He simply smiled as they locked arms and she tried to roll him.

Talasa, for her part, couldn't figure out what the hell was going on. The man was like a solid stone statue chiseled from an enormous underground boulder. In fact, with the amount of force she was bracing from her legs and back and pushing out through her arms, she would have been able break a statue carved from an underground boulder, she was sure of it. Yet, he was not moving at all, there was no give. Worse, he was no starting to push back. As she tried to fight his strength she realized that he was still not breathing hard and she could feel his heartbeat through the holds her hands had on his upper arms. It was not even slightly elevated. She was wet. When did that happen, she thought. About the time I ended up on my back gazing up at that impossibly beautiful face with a snout full of a scent that was literally heavenly. 

Enough of this playing around, indeed, though Michael. He quickly flipped her, ensuring she land squarely on her toned abdomen and fluidly barred her arms and pressured her shoulders. 

Finally, ass up after being handily pinned face first on the ground for the seventh time, Talasa quietly said, "Take me. I surrender, Master." 

Michael smiled, "What was that? I couldn't hear you. Say it louder."

"You are my Master. I submit, I am defeated, all that I am and all that I have is yours. I swear it. It is Orc law."

"Just making sure", he smirked. "What is your name, girl?"

"Talasa, my lord." she answered.

"Talasa, I am Michael. Now kneel before me." 

She did so. 

"Tell me, Talasa. You were saying that human men have small cocks and only a big Orc could satisfy you" he said, as he unbuckled his belt and unstrapped the chainmail skirt wrapped around his hips. "So how big is an Orc cock, then?"

She looked up at him nervously, fidgeting. "About this big, Master." she said, as she gesturing towards one of the solid silver plates that linked together to comprise his belt. 

"So about five inches?" 

"Yes, Master. That sounds correct." 

"And anything less than five inches won't satisfy you?" he asked. 

"I'm sorry Master, I didn't mean..."

she started to protest in a panic, quite suddenly fearing the tales of ancient Human Mages that enslaved Orc females with powerful, cowardly sorcery. Some of the tales even said the cause of these horrors were often the Mage's insecurities caused by him having a small spear. So, said the tales, the Mage would go out seeking to enslave the largest, proudest and most sensual "beast" he could locate. It was often a beautifully voluptuous Orc that was fated to suffer his demeaning wrath, as the busty Minotaur cows were rare in the surface, the seductive and magical Fae were far too elusive, to kidnap at Amazon would invite reprisal so severe as to render the whole endeavor far too expensive and both the Elves, and even more so, the Dragons were too arrogantly powerful. 

"Calm yourself Talasa. You haven't offended me. Tell me, do She-Orcs suck cock?" Michael asked. 

"Yes, Master. Though very few can tolerate the foul taste of seed, Orcs often use a She-Orc's mouth for pleasure. I never enjoyed doing it before but I will do it for you! Your scent is unlike anything and you are something far more than beautiful... I do not even have the words, forgive me. So I may prove to like it! she said with a smile. 

"Well then Talasa, shall we find out?" he said, unbuckling the last snap on his armor and dropping his chainmail skirt. 

Talasa was completely silent, eyes as big as saucers as she took in the sight his hanging cock. It was WAY bigger than any Orc dick. WAY bigger than she would even think possible. It simply defied explanations. Even in it's limp state it was twice the cock of the biggest Orc. More than that it was smooth, covered in soft golden skin and shaped like a sculptor's masterpiece. The smell of it was intoxicating and drew her in, heart thumping, butterflies in her stomach and hands shaking, she couldn't believe something like this could be real. As the hugely long, thick cock started to swell and rise before her, she could no longer hold back and dove on it like a woman starved. 

Using both hands to hold the impossibly beautiful monster cock she quickly stuffed it in her mouth, the huge cockhead stretching her lips before they barely managed to close around it. The head of his cock alone filled her mouth and lewd slurping and sucking noises came from the She-Orc as she fellated the most beautiful male organ she could imagine, all the while sitting right in the cusp of climax without ever being touched. She knew that a hard breeze on her clit would be enough to send her over the edge, so intoxicated was she by the scent of her master's manhood, the taste of the precum leaking into her mouth at a steady rate, the satisfied moans he was making and the very idea of her Master's strength and unbelievable virility. 

She started trying to fit more and more of her Master's giant organ into her throat, knowing she was tougher, stronger and more robust than the weak human women that probably usually pleasures his cock, or worse, some stuck-up Elf bitch. Oh no! She was going to prove that only she could take her Master's cock and only she deserved it. The instant that she finally managed to open her throat up enough to slide just her Master's cockhead in and he groaned in obvious pleasure, she couldn't take it anymore and a large orgasm over came her without any tactile stimulation. 

As she thrashed around in orgasm her movements unintentionally pushed more of Michael's cock down her throat, causing him to groan even deeper and flash a brilliant smile down to her. His satisfaction and pleasure extended her orgasm as pride bloomed in her chest for the bliss she brought her Master, the only male that deserved her. He immediately proved himself superior in strength, speed, intelligence, skill and sexual attraction to any other male she ever met-and she wasn't about to let that slip away. Plus, she told herself, if he can give me an orgasm while I fuck his cock with my mouth and don't even touch my cunt, then I have no interest in seeking another male. 

She had approximately half of the giant cock worked down her throat as she bobbed on it and jacked the slobbery shaft with both hands when he said, "I'm close, beautiful. Do you want my spend?"

"Yes, my lord. Please, show me how much I please you. Give me your seed!" she yelled, diving back down on his cock and taking just the cockhead in her mouth while both of her hands rapidly jacked and twisted up and down in a corkscrew motion along the sluck shaft. 

"Uhn. Uh, here it comes Talasa. Oh, shit!" he said as the first blast of cum exploded in her mouth, filling it completely just in time for the second shot to push her mouth past overflowing. Thick, white cum burst from the corners of her mouth and splashed down onto her huge tits. She greedily gulped and swallowed thick warmth that tasted nothing like the slimy, sulphuric Orc spend she was accustomed to, but couldn't prevent the musky cream from gagging her and bursting out of one of her nostrils. At that point Michael pulled out of her mouth and proceeded to cover her face with the next long stream. As it drooped and hung off of her nose and jawline in thick ropes from her covered face, he aimed at her tits and proceeded to splash them with his next three large blasts, pooling in her cleavage and hanging off of the leather strap that she wore around her breasts. At this point Talasa exploded in a huge orgasm, be finally pushed over the edge by the taste, smell and feel of being bathed in warm seed that tasted divine and made her skin hum with warmth wherever it touched. 

Collapsing onto her back, her knees still bent out in front of her, Talasa was awash in the euphoria. As she opened the one eye that wasn't glued shut completely with spunk, and looked down at her body she saw her torso was covered with cum in the form of both large pools and thick crisscrossing ropes. She looked down just in time to see Michael kneel down over her now exposed pussy to aim his last three main cumblasts right at her mound. The first blast rocketed right into her exposed clit as her fingers blurred over it in rapid movement, sending her into yet another orgasm as the last two blasts completely covered her pubic mound and ran down over her thighs and hips. She was covered. There was more spunk here than a dozen Orcs could produce in a gangbang. The difference was this wasn't the foul tasting seed that Orcs produced but rather a soft, floral smelling semen with an earthy flavor and a slight musk. 

"Oh! I must've needed that!" He said. "So Talasa, do you like tasting me?". 

Talasa just gave a demure smile through her mask of cum as her tongue snaked out to clear her lips and she used a finger to clear the jizz from her eye so she could open it, before licking the finger clean. Gone was the arrogant, perpetually unimpressed Orc Warrioress. In her place was a smitten and thoroughly pleased young girl who just discovered what "Love" really was. 

As she lay panting on her back, legs spread and drenched in his seed, she took a moment to look up at him. Michael cut a glorious figure. His beautifully sculpted face framed by silky hair looked back down at her with a vital gaze. His form fitting armor clung to every curve and swell of his body, the overlapping metal scales appearing like a second skin. His fur lined cloak giving him a regal bearing, to Talasa he looked like some lost Prince of old. From his left hip hung a Falcata sword that seemed to be made, blade, guard, grip and pommel, with impossible skill from a single, solid piece of shining metal. The forward lean and flare of the upper blade subtle yet still offering an increase in swinging power. On his right hip he wore a Gladius short sword. The round guard, spherical pommel and ivory grip protruding from an odd harness that left most of it's blade visible. The blade itself appeared a glossy black from a distance, however on closer inspection it was clear that the blade was composed of a dull black metal with swirls of dull grey and shining silver in intricate patterns hinting at the sword's composite construction from multiple materials. Ancient Runes ran up the center of the blade in place of a fuller, written in a bright metal that reflected with a slight blue tint. A pair of long, thick bladed daggers with narrow profiles were strapped under his cloak in odd metallic sheaths. He also wore an Gorytos (combination bow case /quiver) over the cloak on his back that contained a solid black composite recurve bow adorned with a sparkling silver metal bowstring as well as fifty multicolored arrows of varying shape and size, some of which were clearly exotic special purpose arrows. 

"Where do you come from, my lord? The Human lands to the West?" asked Talasa

"I do not know, Talasa. I awoke on this morning with no memories preceding that moment." He answered. 

Talasa merely gave him a puzzled look and said, "Then, you do not know who your people are or where your home is?" 

"No, I suppose I do not. However, there are some things that I just KNOW. For instance my name, or the fact that I am a warrior. Also, I know my duties. Chief among them being to opposed and defeat the Demonic hordes that have ever plagued the Universe."  

At this Talasa's eyes widened and her demeanor perked up. "My lord, the Demons and their dark Orc slaves have been preying on the people of my land. The very purpose of the trip that brought here was to seek aid in defending our homeland. However the Plains Orcs, our supposed allies, turned me away." 

"Well then, it would appear that we are to be heading to your homeland."

"Truly! Oh, thank you Master!" Talasa exclaimed. She wasn't sure how any single warrior could help turn back the tide of dark Orc raiding parties, or the Demonic army they feared would follow, but his powerful presence made her feel calm, strong and in charge nonetheless. 

It was only then that she realized she was still laying on the grass, her soft face, oversized breasts and entire pubic mound covered with thick white seed. She cast Michael a seductive look and started rubbing her hands around her stomach, rubbing in the stripes of spunk that crisscrosses her abdomen. She also noticed that, impossibly, Michael's divine length was still fully erect. 

"Would you like me to take you now, Talasa?" he asked. 

"Yes, my lord." she said, as she started to move to all-fours to assume to only mating position used by Orcs. 

"No, beautiful. I want to see your face." he said, as he pushed her into her back. 

Talasa gave a puzzled look but complied. Her heart beat out of control as Michael kneeled between her spread legs and brought his divine spear to bear on her undersized opening. He beared forward as her little lips yawned and stretched under the pressure of the his huge cockhead. She felt a flash of pain as her labia flared before finally swallowing his thick helmet. 

"Oh! Oh, Master I've never felt so full." 

"Are you in pain, little one?" He asked the indomitable Orc Warrioress. 

"Yes! No! Just keep going, please!" She replied in a delirious haze of pleasure as his shaft was inserted ever further. 

To say it was a tight fit would be an understatement. Talasa didn't just feel stretched, she felt like her anatomy was being delightfully rearranged. For Michael, her almost painful tightness was divine. It took a good deal of control for him not to simply bury himself to the hilt in her impossibly tight box. 

Just as the overtaxed lips of overly full sheath were stretched to the tearing point, Michael's swollen tip firmly tapped against the mouth of her cervix and a huge orgasm exploded from Talasa's core. When she came to minutes later, Michael was slowly moving in her with soft, shallow thrusts. Almost immediately she felt another explosion building, this one fueled by the soft warmth and heavenly smell of of the semen that still covered much of her body. Thankfully too, as the large eruption of cum that covered her pubic mound aided as lubrication in their unbelievably tight fit of their union. At that point, Michael started to slowly quicken his pace, causing Talasa's second orgasm to almost immediately explode from her with a scream. Michael continued the steady beat his ever-escalating thrusts as she slowly came down. However, by the time her mind was back in her body, another was already building. Mercifully, Michael pulled out. However, he quickly flipped her over effortlessly and thrust himself back in, taking her from behind as she tried to work her way to her hands and knees. Just as she finally managed to make it to all-fours another explosion rocked her center but Michael still did not slow. At this point Talasa could hardly believe it. She had never achieved release more than once rutting with even the best of her fellow Orcs. She didn't have long to ponder this though as Michael really started to ram her. Quickly, she came again. And again. And again. When she finally came somewhat back to reality she had no idea how many times she had cum. Just when she thought that there was no way her overly sensitive and widely stretched self could continue, Michael said, "I'm going to cum." 
