 Mans (and woman's as well!) fascination with their cars has long been known. With the development of autonomous vehicles, a whole new opportunity awaits the passenger or passengers. Besides taking in the passing scenery, what else could occupy the time for long distance commutes or trips? What follows is something for tomorrows auto makers to consider. If they haven't already. Coming to a highway near you in the very near future!

-

The meeting had been announced at the end of the week with the somewhat cryptic message sent around to all users via the company intranet. All employees from the production line to the main offices of the auto manufacturer were able to attend, either in person or via the broadcast datalink. With nearly three thousand employees, the possibility of chaos was very real. Accommodations were made for workers on different time zones or on other shifts and a strict one hour time limit was noted. What got everyone buzzing was the topic. 

"Acme motors will be presenting the future of the company and will be actively soliciting the ideas of the entire company. You all have a vested interest and we want everyone to be a part of this event. Monday morning, 10:00 a.m. EST." 

It was ostensibly from the Corporate Board of Directors, but everyone knew that was merely the front for Thomas Dearing, the reclusive majority owner of the company. Dearing was eccentric but always had the best interest in his company in mind, and usually his employees. 

-0-

Pam and Sam both worked in the logistics department of Acme motors. That meant that if something had to get from point A to point B in they company, they probably had something to do with it. It also meant that if the assembly line shut down for a lack of something, they were probably going to catch hell about it. They had actually met in college, and had found that not only did they work well together, they also fit well together as a couple. They hadn't had plans for the weekend, so the main topic for Saturday and Sunday was the Monday meeting. Interrupted by sex and the need to walk their rescue pup.

Pam lay back in the bed as Sam collapsed next to her after an afternoon romp. She felt good, warm, excited, comfortable. She could feel Sam's hot cum begin to seep out from her still engorged labias. The nookie towel she kept by the bed was in reach and she grabbed it and held it between her legs. She contemplated finishing herself off with her fingers, Sam did enjoy watching her do that, but he seemed ready for a recharging nap. "Babe, I'm going to take Buster out for a walk and probably hit the shower when I get back. Maybe join me? For the shower, not the walk." She sat up and bounced a little on the towel and got as much of the sticky liquid as she could.

"Mmmm-hmmm." was all Sam could mumble into the pillow. It had been a long week and Pam could be an energetic partner. He better rest a little and recharge before she got back and got in the shower. Good clean fun was what they called it, and it was good. Some of their best sex happened in that shower. Who knew that a couple of what people thought of as geeks could fuck like rabbits? Sam hadn't known that side of Pam in college. Maybe she hadn't known that side of herself. But they were certainly trying to make up for any lost time since they had moved in together shortly after they both began working at Acme. Sam drifted off for that recharging nap.

Pam had thrown on a tshirt and some shorts. She didn't bother with underwear, especially since she was planning to just jump in the shower when she got back. She saw Sam pass out on the bed as she and Buster headed for the door. It seemed funny to her how they reacted differently following sex. Coupling seemed to energize her, but knocked Sam out. He did make a nice recovery usually, but he could go down for the count after he came. Taking the dog out for a nice walk helped her burn off a little energy as well as think a bit.

A block or so away from home Buster stopped to sniff a pole. Facebook for dogs was what Sam called it. They clearly passed along a good bit of information with their scent, why not assume some of it was gossip? She chuckled a little to herself as she imagined what it might be. "Hey, I think that new poodle, Snookums just got lucky with that bulldog, Winston. Damn, that's going to be some ugly puppies. Hope they are spayed or neutered. Smells like Samson, the Golden Lab was put on a new diet." She was getting far too deep into it when Buster decided to move along.

Changing gears, she started thinking about Monday. There could be a number of topics for the meeting, but she couldn't think of any that were particularly good. Pam and Sam were probably in a good department if it meant downsizing or layoffs, but even so, they were the youngest and had less seniority than most of the others. But she tried to always have a positive attitude and not worry about things that she had no control over. As she and Buster headed back to the apartment she was looking forward to the shower. It was warm enough and she had exerted enough energy to have broken a sweat, so the hot shower was needed for several reasons. She hoped Sam was well rested and ready for a little "good, clean fun".

 -0-

Sam heard the door close in the fog of being not quite awake and not quite asleep. A moment later he heard Buster come into the bedroom to see if he was awake or if he had turned into something edible. Seeing neither, the dog headed back to the kitchen. The water came on in the bathroom which stirred Sam a little more. He became aware of a nice erection, pretty much some nice morning wood that had developed while he napped. "Be a shame to waste that" he said mostly to himself and he rolled out of the bed and headed to the shower.

Sam could see Pam behind the shower curtain and saw the steam rising. He watched her outline for a moment as she soaped herself up. He found the opaque curtain presented a nice image of Pam. She had a firm body, but full figure. Great curves and a nice round ass. They varied their play in the shower, sometimes taking turns going down on each other and trying not to drown, face to face, but Sam thought he would try from behind today. He felt himself get even harder as he pulled back the curtain to join Pam in the shower.

"I was beginning to wonder if you had gone back to sleep" Pam said as she let the water beat on her face without looking at Sam. "I would have pouted all night if you had."

Sam wrapped an arm around her and stepped behind her. He leaned her forward slightly and reached to her ass, rubbing it firmly as he moved lower to begin rubbing between her legs. "Mmmm. There is something very wet and hot right there. You up for a little doggy action, Babe?" He didn't wait for a reply, feeling her already moist and open he placed the tip of his hard cock at her opening. He saw Pam lean slightly forward as the water spilled of them both. He grasped her hips and with a slightly move he watched as his cock disappeared inside her. He slid slowly in as far as he could and felt her pussy close tightly around him. "Ahhhhh" was all he could manage to say while he savored the feeling of her soft flesh against him and her second set of lips around his dick.

Pam felt his hardness, it was more than earlier. Clearly a short break had renewed him. She felt it slide into her deeply from behind and she tensed her muscles to hold him tightly inside her and was rewarded with his sigh. "Come on Sam, start pumping me. I want you to fuck me hard. Give me that cock." She bent a little more forward and braced herself against the wall. The image of a felon being strip searched came to mind. Arms and legs spread she was in perfect position to receive Sam's thrusts.

"Okay, Babe. Here it comes. Not stopping until I fill you up with another load." With that Same began to slide in and out with increasing vigor. The wet flesh slapped together creating a wonderful sound that made them both excited. The water flew off them as they joined together again and again. Sam's erection filled Pam nicely and her tensing and releasing her muscles excited Sam, urging him on. The slapping sound and pelting spray served as a perfect soundtrack for their activity.

Pam felt it first, The hot water hitting her back, the sound of their bodies colliding and the feel of Sam's cock going in and out of her added up to a building tension which began to release. She felt it move from her toes up her legs, a growing sense of urgency, a tingle that began to center between her legs. The tingle grew and soon became a gush of heat mixed with pulsing rolls of her muscles all centered around the hard cock that pierced her time and time again. Sam began to feel Pam tense up and then her pussy seemed to grab at him adding to the already hot sensation. He moved in faster and felt himself beginning to come. He buried himself deep in Pam and held her hips firmly against him. Her ass cheeks were flat against him as he started the pulses that indicated he was squirting a stream of hot liquid deep inside Pam. "You feel it, Pam, feel that hot load going in you? Here comes another. Take it all, Babe. Take every last drop.

They held joined together without moving for a moment. The water beat on them, as they savored the mutual feeling of being drained. As Sam withdrew from Pam a trail of thick white liquid escaped and made its' way to the drain, following the water into the escape. Another string followed and more oozed out as the two bodies parted. They joined in one more kiss and pressed together before Pam pulled away from Sam. "If I stay in here much longer, I will turn into a prune! I'm done for now." She reached up and kissed him on the cheek and exited the shower leaving Sam to rinse off in the flow of warm water.

-0-

Monday arrived and the offices of Acme Motors were buzzing well before the usual 9:00 a.m. starting time. By the time the meeting was scheduled every seat in the large auditorium was filled, conference rooms packed around the companies' sites and terminals tuned into the interactive channel. The assembly line did something it rarely did, whined to a complete halt just before the screens came to life, Sam and Pam had been fortunate to slide into the back of the main auditorium so they were viewing the event live. Although they were not too worried, Sam did slide his hand down and grasped Pam's hand to show and seek support. She held it as the meeting began.

The room lights dimmed and the stage lights brightened. Several monitors around the room sprang to life showing the stage that was in front of them. A single person, Thomas Dearing, emerged and moved to center stage. Wearing a miniature microphone that was barely visible, he began the meeting. He was nothing if not prompt. It was 10:01 a.m. "I know you are all intrigued by this unorthodox meeting, so I will cut to the chase. There are no layoffs or negative announcements to be made. With that out of the way, the reason I convened this company-wide meeting is to announce a new direction for Acme Motors. A direction we all share in." Dearing paused for a moment.

The curtain behind him slowly began to raise and he continued. "As you see behind me, the first Acme Autonomous Vehicle has arrived. We now have a completely driverless car commercially available to the public. While extraordinary, it is not unique. And, as you know Acme always strives to be unique." Dearing again paused as the sleek vehicle spun slowly behind him on the turntable. The doors opened revealing a compartment for passengers but not driver. Seats were facing each other and it looked more like a diner booth on the inside than a car interior. "This meeting today is to announce our entry into this market, but primarily it is to issue a challenge to all employees. Find and submit something that will make this vehicle unique among all the other entries into the marketplace. We have about 45 minutes remaining in our corporate town hall and I will be turning the logistics of this challenge over to each of the assigned leaders. Thank you and continue to make Acme live up to its' definition - 'The Best'". With that he left the stage.

The moment of silence was followed by murmurs and whispers between the several hundred people in the auditorium and undoubtedly was repeated in the other venues. Pam looked at Sam and shrugged. "So, this is the big announcement? A challenge to make the autonomous car 'unique'? Seems pretty unique as it is. How do you think we can improve on that?" She pointed at the vehicle still rotating on the stage.

"I don't know, but let's hear what they have to say. I bet we could come up with some ideas. Here comes a boss, I guess she's giving out the info." Sam turned back to the stage.

"Okay folks. You heard Mr. Dearing. We are actively seeking new concepts to make the Acme Autonomous Vehicle or 'AAV' the foremost transport of today." Jenna Hoskins announced to the group and numerous other managers did around the company. She had been a part of Acme from the start, having started in Marketing and moved to Human Resources, so she had a sincere interest in making the company succeed. "The complete details of the program to brand the AAV are being passed around and will be in everyone's inbox later this morning. But suffice it to say, we want to tap into the creative juices that make Acme an industry leader and we know that creativity is never defined by your job title or any other distinction. Essentially, we have a new mode of transportation which frees the passenger from the chores of driving. What can be done with this new found time? That is the question we are seeking to answer!" Her marketing background was starting to show but it seemed that she was genuinely excited about the promotion. "A couple of details to point out, and then you are on your own! First, the Marketing department and upper management team are excluded from this program. Secondly, those staff members are available to any employee who wishes to avail themselves of them. Whether to explore concepts or help in practical design, the members of the upper management and Marketing team are committed to making your ideas work! Now, read over the flyers and back to your assigned areas. Have a great week!"

-0-

The rest of the day was a blur for Sam and Pam. They had a backlog of orders to shepherd through to the various plants, some supply chain issues that needed to have kinks worked out and in general the typical Monday issues. They didn't have much time to think about the AAV program until the drive home.

Sam started the talking. "So, when we get one of those new Autonomous cars, we'll have at least the half hour for the ride in and back home. What could we do with that extra time? I guess that is the way I see this challenge. What would you rather be doing now instead of commuting?"

Pam had been thinking along those same lines, but not necessarily about the vehicle. She slid a hand along Sam's leg going from his calf up closer to his crotch. "Well, if we had a free half hour, I could think of something we could do. Maybe even twice." She chuckled, even though she knew Sam was a little sensitive about how he sometimes finished early in their lovemaking. She knew he knew she was fine with how he compensated with his fingers and tongue. Her hand moved to his zipper and she thought she could feel something stir beneath the jeans. "You think we could try the concept out right now? I mean, you do need to watch the road, but I can think of a couple things I could do in the next few minutes if you would like, Sam." She slowly rubbed the growing bulge that was rising in his pants. "How about a little suck on that cock of yours while you keep both hands on the wheel? Or maybe I let him out and jack you off. How about it?"

Sam stared straight ahead, but it was clear the idea was agreeable to him as his cock strained against the fabric of his pants. "I think you might be onto an idea here. But maybe we go with the handjob. I remember an old movie with Robin Williams where a blow job in a car didn't have a very happy ending. 'The World According to Garth' or something like that. But Hell yeah, I'll focus on the road and you see what you can do. There's a towel in the glove box if you want." Sam moved a little in the seat and gave Sam a little better angle at his pants under the seatbelt. He wondered if this would fall into the safe sex category if he left the belt on.

"Yeah, I remember hearing about that movie. From the early 80's, 'Garp', I think. The car gets hit while he is getting sucked and she bites his wiener off. Ewww. I mean, I am more than happy to swallow some cum, but not going to go cannibal on you. Hand job it is, honey." Pam took her time undoing Sam's pants, undoing the button and then slowly sliding the zipper down loosening his pants and sliding both the pants and his underwear down to allow his hard cock to spring free. "There's the fellow I've been looking for. Mmmmm, it looks like he has been looking for me, too." Pam grasped Sam's dick and moved her hand up the shaft to cup the tip. "I think I have some hand lotion. You want some of that or just want me to keep rubbing?" She watched him trying to maintain the attention on the traffic around them as she kept stroking his hard member.

Sam was clearly enjoying the attention even though the drive was taking most of his focus. "No, keep stroking it. Pretty hot having you jacking my dick right here. Got that towel handy, because I think I will have a helluva load before too long. Right, just like that, Pam. Gonna watch me cum? I know you like that. Fuck yeah, rub it like that. I don't think it will be long." Sam watched the road and used his foot more than his leg to brake and accelerate. He felt a tingling begin and a fullness move to his loins. The anticipation of release grew stronger and more urgent in his cock.

"Nice hon. You keep watching the road and I'll keep working on your cock. I do want to see it cum. I love it when the little fella squirts for me. Come on Sam, give me a good shot of cum." Pam kept her hand moving steadily on Sam's cock. She could see the veins pulsing on the shaft and the tip was as close to purple as she had seen. A drop or two escaped from the tip and coated the head as she jerked and rubbed and yanked on him. "That's it, babe, cum for me. I want to see it, gimmee." Her hand a blur, she thought she saw hit start to spasm and felt a bit of a pulse from the hard knob. She squeezed a little and then released as his cock took on a life of its' own. The cum streamed up and out in a white geyser. She saw his cock pulse and another stream followed by more pumps and thick white liquid. She was late with the towel, having been fascinated by the display of human hydraulics as Sam spurted and came.

"Ah, fuck. That was SO good, Pam. I feel like I just shot a quart out. Guess I'll be changing pants when we get home. These look covered." Sam stole a glance and saw the mess he had made. With Pams' help. His cock was starting to go limp, but even having been wiped with the towel, it was still wet and shiny. His pants showed cum stains across the front. He went back to watching the road but saw Pam lick a few drops of his offering off her fingers as she dabbed the towel around. "I think I'll be ready for a go at you once we get home. Or do you want to make out in the car? We haven't steamed up the windows in a long time..."

The idea hit both of them at the same time. Sam's voice trailed off and Pam looked at him and began to smile. She spoke first. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking? With all the extra time available in a car without a driver, these AAVs' could become fuck-mobiles! I think we have our entry for the program. It would damn sure make carpooling more fun. But to answer your question, yes. Park to the side of the lot and let's try out the back seat. You definitely got me started. My panties are soaked right now. We can discuss our project entry after we get home, I'm more interested in another type of entry at the moment."
