 Author's note: While it is possible to read this story as a stand-alone, I DO suggest that you read part one first. This story is set in a world created by another author (with permission), but the characters and storyline are entirely mine. I understand that much of what you'll read may upset some people who are looking for hyper-realism and medically correct descriptions of everything they read- if you're one of those people, this might not be for you. If, however, you're looking for some idle (if weird) fantasy, please read on!

As always, I welcome comments- please leave them after you've read and voted for the story! And, now, we begin our tale...

*****

"The Auto-Genesis Project, Part 2: Mary"

"AutoGenesis, Inc: the love of your life is within!"

Mary read the brochure as she sat in the reception lobby of AGI- AutoGenesis, Inc- and still couldn't believe that she was there. Of course, everyone had heard what Shawna Stiles had done, but no one really thought the good doctor would be able to turn her discovery into a viable business. Nevertheless, CIALIS (Cake is A Lie, Independent Sciences) ended up championing Dr. Stiles' idea and allowed her to head up a whole new research division dedicated solely to auto-genesis, the act of a futanari intentionally trying to impregnate herself. With the invention of the embryonic stasis chamber, the pregnancy process and even the act of childbirth would become a thing of the past. Some people might still endure it for the sake of nostalgia or sentimentality, and hospitals around the globe would gladly support those patients, but a lot of people would be more than content to allow their newly-conceived children to gestate in safe, secure "genesis tubes." The fetus would be cared for in a 100% safe environment where no harm could befall a growing baby. The only difference is that instead of a "birthday", those children would have a "decanting day," the day when they would be transferred from the genesis chamber out into the real world and handed over to their parent. 

But it wasn't all peaches and cream for the new business venture. While it wasn't illegal for futa women to impregnate themselves, there was still a bit of social taboo about the concept. Society at large simply couldn't get around the idea that an auto-generated child could be every bit as normal as a child conceived through conventional means. At the heart of the matter was something very similar to the old (and now obsolete) incest taboo. A futa who impregnated herself was considered stupid, foolish or less than deserving of respect, like they were somehow defective. Dr. Stiles had made that mistake once, which led to the birth of her daughter Eve, who had made the same mistake years later. But it was Eve's mistake that led Dr. Stiles to create the embryonic stasis chamber in the first place. And no one on the planet would accuse Dr. Stiles OR her daughter of being incompetent in any way. Those two in particular had somehow gotten a "pass" from general society. Some suspected that it was only because they'd been instrumental in the invention of the embryonic stasis chamber, that if no such invention had been made they would both have earned the scorn and ridicule of their futanari counterparts, regardless of their IQ's or educational pedigrees.

So, with only a few exceptions, the stigma of auto-genesis remained. Dr. Stiles was bound and determined to change that once and for all, and she decided that the best way to do it was through science. More to the point, she would give futanari across the planet a reason to see those who engaged in auto-genesis as the best of the best rather than the lowest of the low. Her strategy was simple: put out a call for anyone with the best physical and mental attributes, give them the opportunity to fuck themselves silly to the point of impregnating themselves and then let the resulting embryos grow to maturity. The children of auto-genesis would be carefully studied and when they got a clean bill of health (and they would, thanks to the inherent genetic stabilizers caused by the Dryden virus!), the world would finally be faced with incontrovertible proof that reproduction and the continuation of the species doesn't necessarily require a binary, mother-father relationship to exist. More than ever before, the concerns and stressors involved with relationships could be sidestepped entirely. Want a baby but you don't want to get hitched or let some stranger's sperm inseminate your egg? Fine! Do it yourself! Be a happy, healthy, stress-free parent without having to ever worry about or rely upon anyone but you! No more dead-beat sires to vilify! Simply look at your offspring and tell them honestly, "I created you with love!"

Mary could absolutely identify with that idea. Since she was a young teen, she'd never been able to really mesh well with other people. Either she made a hash of a relationship or someone else did, but the inevitable breakup always came, no matter how hard she tried to avoid it. Now that she was pushing 30, her biological clock was ticking like a bomb and she wanted a baby NOW. With no suitable mates available, Dr. Stiles' timely offer seemed like an answered prayer. So Mary had fought through the picket lines outside the office building where Dr. Stiles had set her business up and she nervously walked into the clinic's subtly-stylish front doors. The lobby had been quiet, but there were a few other futanari women who demurely glanced up at her from their seats with forms sitting on their laps. Mary presented herself to the receptionist, who was very pretty and very nice, got her forms and had filled everything out in the quiet room.

The forms still sat on her lap, turned over so that no one could read them, while Mary perused the brochure that described, in the tamest and most clinical terms possible, what the procedure would entail. It was a lot of fancy words that boiled down to:

1) Using any one of a dozen methods, impregnate yourself with your own sperm

2) Wait for a little while (15 minutes - 2 hours, each futanari's conception time varies)

3) Have the fetus extracted a short time later

Mary had been so into this opportunity that she wanted to give herself an edge, to completely ensure that she'd catch with a pregnancy on the first attempt. It had taken some careful research and a little bit of morally ambiguous dealings, but she had managed to acquire some fertility drugs that were guaranteed to make her as fertile as a bunny rabbit in heat. That was a month ago. As soon as those pills arrived in the mail, she started taking them religiously- once a day right up until her cycle started. The instructions advised that she only take one every week, but she was bound and determined to make this a success. Her cycle had ended just two days before coming to the clinic, so she was pretty sure that all she'd have to do is LOOK at a glob of dick-juice and she'd get pregnant. The fact that she hadn't masturbated at all in the last two weeks hopefully meant that her sperm would be more potent than usual. Truth be told, she was so horny that she could barely think straight- her internal testicles were so backed up with sperm that they actually ached. They were so full of life-giving seed that she could actually see two visible bulges where she knew they were located inside her whenever she looked in the mirror. She was, quite literally, ready to burst with sperm. But she'd remained vigilant, despite the growing intensity she felt in her loins. Not touching herself even a little bit these last two weeks had taken a herculean effort, but Mary was sure that it would pay off for her in the long run.

When a pretty medical technician came into the lobby and finally called her name, Mary was quick to her feet. "That's me!" she cried excitedly. When she realized that she'd damn near shouted, she softened her tone. "I mean, uhm, that's me: Mary Patterson."

The pretty medical technician smiled sweetly, her honey-blonde hair hugging the sides of her cheeks so cutely, took the form packet and asked Mary to follow her. Mary, of course, fell right into step behind the pretty young thing and found herself daydreaming about the young girl's firm-looking ass. As they passed room after room, her mind in a fog, Mary idly wondered how big the med tech's penis was, if she even had a penis, and then became flushed at the idea that this delectable girl might actually be a mono. But, she couldn't be a mono- she wore no protective mask and that would be almost mandatory in a clinic such as this. A mono wouldn't stand a snowball's chance in hell in here with futa like her, horny and ready to fuck. But, oh, to have a mono in this day and age was such a rare treat for ANY futa! Mary had never been so lucky to bed one, but held out hope that, one day, she would, if for no other reason than to say that she had. So lost in her own mind was she, that Mary ended up walking right into the young med tech, who'd abruptly stopped at a doorway.

"Oh!" Mary cried out. "I'm SO sorry! I was just-"

The med tech once again smiled sweetly and waved the apology off. "It's fine. It happens more than you might imagine. What can I say? I have a cute ass. I know it, no sense in denying it. It's actually kind of flattering when others notice." Then she held up a stern finger. "But! I'm spoken for, so don't even ask!"

Mary's mouth opened in a stammer. "I- you. I w-wasn't- that. Okay."

Without another word on the matter, the med tech opened the door and ushered Mary into the small room. "Please take off your clothes and wait here. Dr. Stiles will be with you shortly for a short interview and to discuss options."

"Wait!" Mary said with shock. "The doctor- she's HERE?"

"Of course," the girl said archly. "This is her project, after all. She wants to interview and screen ALL test subjects personally. Now, as I instructed, disrobe and wait here until she comes to see you, okay? It won't be long."

Mary glanced around the room quickly. "Isn't there some sort of... I don't know, a robe or something? One of those funny gowns that patients wear?"

The girl sighed. "No. Mom wants to ensure that every test subject is as close to perfect as possible. It'll be fine. Nothing for you to worry about. And she IS a doctor, you know."

Surprise washed over Mary in a flash. "Mom? Wait- you... YOU'RE Eve Stiles?!"

The girl flashed a bright smile. "The one and only! I'm helping Mom out here. And, believe me, she needs all the help she can get! So! I've gotta get going. Nice to meet you! Bye!"

Eve left and closed the door behind her before Mary could say anything else. Now that she was alone, she decided that she might as well get on with it. While she quickly took off her dress and under things, Mary silently marveled at her brush with celebrity. Eve Stiles! She'd actually met Eve Stiles and was about to meet the most famous scientist and inventor on the planet in just a few minutes! This was so thrilling that even if she WASN'T already hornier than a bitch/bull in heat, she'd be at full tumescence with excitement.

The small examination room had a mirror affixed to its only door. When Mary was finally fully unclothed, she regarded her reflection with more than a little self-admiration. While not the most well-endowed futa in the world, Mary proudly boasted an above-average cock. It normally measured at 18 inches long, 9 inches in circumference and was capped with a large, helmet-shaped head. On a few occasions she liked to fellate herself and knew that her cock head was incredibly sensitive. With her abstaining from masturbation for the last two weeks, however, and coupled with the knowledge of what she was there to do, Mary's cock was visibly larger than usual and her swollen cock head was purplish with need. The strap she'd used to keep it fastened to her torso, usually lined up between her plentiful breasts, was actually soaked with pre-cum. Looking in the mirror, she could see a trail of the clear fluid as it traveled down the length of her rigid fuckmeat, gravity pulling it down to her equally-wet vulva, which were puffy and red with need. Mary was so ready for this that she could barely contain herself. If, for some reason, Dr. Stiles rejected her as a candidate for the experiment, Mary would do the unthinkable and hire a love surrogate as soon as humanly possible to help relieve her of her lustful needs. Glancing at her abdomen, where she knew her internal testicles were hidden within, she could see the bulges of her cum-sacs visibly throb. There was a dull ache there, but she did her best to ignore it for the time being, telling herself that relief was coming soon.

Suddenly there was a quick knock on the door and Dr. Stiles herself slipped into the exam room so quickly that even if anyone else had been on the other side of that door, they wouldn't have been able to see Mary's nakedness. Dr. Stiles had Mary's chart in one hand and was holding out the other in greeting. "Hello, Ms. Patterson! Shawna Stiles, nice to meet you. I hear you've already met my daughter, Eve, yes?"

Mary was so taken aback by the doctor's sudden appearance that she reacted automatically and shook her hand. "Er, uhm. Yes, we met. I think I might've made a bit of an ass of myself, though."

Stiles smiled sweetly, which was an echo of the same smile that Eve had flashed earlier, and similarly waved it off. "It happens. No harm done. And she's always quick to point out that she's... well, taken. By me."

"I know. I mean, I've read that. She's very, uhm, very lovely, if you don't mind my saying."

"I don't mind it at all, thank you, and I take it as a point of pride. She is, after all, the fruit of my own loins. As her mother AND her sire, I'm twice as proud of her as any parent could possibly be." She glanced down at Mary's chart and smiled. "And I'm sure you'll soon know what I mean. Looks like you're one of the most perfect candidates for this experiment we've seen so far! IQ well above genius level... no physical scars or deformities... your fertility is off the charts and your sperm count is through the roof. If you don't mind my saying so, Ms. Patterson, it looks like you're so backed up that you could probably impregnate half the city with one load! Remarkable! Taking fertility drugs, are we? Hrm... that could be interesting..." She drifted off into a fast silence as she continued reading the file in her hands.

Mary was dumbfounded at how the doctor knew all of that about her without even examining her. "What? No! I didn't- it was just- there wasn't... how in the hell did you know all of that stuff?"

"Hmm?" Stiles looked up distractedly. "What? Oh. You came up in an elevator. You didn't notice that it was the only one dedicated to our suite? It's specially equipped with extremely advanced and proprietary scanning equipment. We knew more about you before you got off that elevator than your regular gyno probably does. Endorphin levels, brain activity, chemical and genetic makeup, dopamine levels, testosterone levels- very high in your case, by the way, but that's probably because you're so backed up- pretty much everything we could need to know about you, really. While I interview a patient, the next patient's scan is being processed by an on-site computer and printed out. I take a few minutes between each patient to scan their results. If someone isn't ovulating or their sperm count is too low or there's any noticeable genetic defects present, which is highly unlikely these days anyway, we gently dismiss them. Didn't you notice that we excused three futas waiting in the lobby with you? We did. We only invite the most likely candidates back here into the actual clinic, though. And you, Ms. Patterson, are so likely that you border on being a gift from God."

Mary's mouth dropped open in surprised shock. It took her a moment to say, "Oh."

Again, Dr. Stiles smiled sweetly. "So... do you know how you want to try and conceive today? The receptionist told me that she saw you reading our documentation in the lobby. Is there any particular method that sounds interesting to you?"

Mary's brain was in a fog. The fact that Dr. Stiles was so exceedingly attractive was throwing her off mentally. Her voice was just so damned alluring that Mary could die happy just hearing it for the rest of her life. Throw in the fact that her body was practically screaming for sexual relief and Mary couldn't reliably give the answer to simple math questions, let alone follow along with a conversation. "Huh?"

Dr. Stiles pursed her lips. She should have expected this and was disappointed with herself for not seeing it sooner: Mary Patterson was so horny that she'd practically become a mindless broodmare. She decided, therefore, to keep things simple for the sex-starved woman. "How d'you wanna knock yourself up?"

Mary blinked at the question, the doctor's words bouncing around in her brainpan for a few seconds until they finally went through some sort of cognitive filter, quite by accident, and made sense. It took a second or two more for her brain to spit out an acceptable answer to the question. "Portals," she said. "I wanna feel it."

Dr. Stiles nodded agreeably. "A popular choice, and one that I wholeheartedly recommend- I've done it a time or two myself and it's very satisfying. Very well, then. I can see that you're more than ready. Please follow me." With that, she turned, opened the door and stepped out into the hallway with an expectant glance over her shoulder at Mary. "Ms. Patterson? This way, please?"

Mary suddenly felt a bit self-conscious about her nudity. "Out there? In the hallway? Won't people see me? You don't have any monos here, do you?"

Dr. Stiles rolled her eyes in exasperation. "No, Ms. Patterson. No one will see you and there isn't a mono nearby for at least a mile. Now, please, follow me before someone DOES see you. It's just a few feet down this hall and then you'll have all the privacy you could ever want."

Mary shrugged her shoulders and followed the doctor out into the hallway. True to the doctor's word, the hallway was empty. Naked as the day she was born, Mary hurriedly followed the doctor's swiftly-moving form down the hall, past a few more doors, and then she was quickly ushered into another room.

Mary looked around the room with a bit of awe. It was small, but there was all manner of cool-looking medical monitoring equipment on one wall. Facing the equipment, on the other side of the room, was what could only be described as the weirdest-looking exercise bike in the world. It looked almost like a motorcycle except that it had no wheels and the handle bars looked more like what you'd see on a Nautilus machine. There was a hole where a futa's cock clearly was supposed to be inserted while seated in the saddle and there was an obvious dark circle that was situated precisely where a futa's pussy would be. The seat was on some sort of rail system so that it could slide with the "rider's" hips as she thrust her cock into the aperture. This was a portal chair specifically designed for self-fucking! Mary had never seen such a contraption, but it made absolute and complete sense the second she laid eyes on it.

"That's amazing!" Mary blurted as she took it all in. "And it's so fucking cool!" She glanced at Dr. Stiles. "When can I get in it? I'm ready to fucking explode!" Normally demure and proper in her manner of speech, Mary barely even realized at how brazen she'd become. Her hormones were raging and the only thing on her mind was sex. When she played her own words back in her head, she said, "Uhm, I mean, I'm eager to proceed with the... procedure."

Dr. Stiles chuckled softly. "It's quite all right, Ms. Patterson. A woman in your state is allowed a few graces. I completely understand. You'll be able to begin in a few moments, I assure you. First, though, I need to give you a quick tutorial on how 'The Bike' works. Please, take a seat."
