 "2020. The year everything changed. A chemical spill occurred on a worldwide scale, affecting all of humanity. No one died, at least not any more than usual. At the time of this report, the year is 2035 and men are naught but a distant memory. No one knows why it was just men who were affected by this toxic chemical, and quite frankly, no one really cares anymore. For years scientists tried to put logic into this, however nothing added up.

Eventually, the government withdrew funding into a cure for what happened. This was due to the public's lack of general interest, having adjusted to the 'odd' changes brought about by the chemical, as no one had truly been harmed, and what did happen wasn't entirely bad. But what did happen exactly? Well, put quite simply, the entire populace of males in humankind transformed. This gave rise to the third gender, Futanari, a common name in Japanese culture for humans with both genitals.

While little has been revealed about how the chemical spread, many were preoccupied with its effects. For approximately five years after the spill, most of the world was in a state of confusion and, in some countries, chaos. It's understandable of course, since Futanari were extremely rare during those times, but it also brought a string of unexpected side effects. As is commonly known today, Futanari have extraordinary libidos, to the point that sex is necessary for them. Naturally, this conflicted many of the world's religions.

Suicide rates increased exponentially during those initial few years. However, as people came to terms with their new bodies, everything calmed down. As is to be expected, the new gender was fully capable of impregnating women and each other. Not only this, but the sperm carried by Futanari is far stronger and in greater numbers than any recorded male's. For example, a man's average was approximately 10mls per ejaculation. Even the most underdeveloped Futanari is capable of producing 250mls per ejaculation.

Not only that, but the chemical did have a minor effect on females. Not once, in the fifteen years since it happened, has a woman been recorded to be sterile. In addition, the average pregnancy yields at least three children. This coincided well at the time, as the total population of Earth had suffered greatly due to extreme terrorism by the terrorist group ISIS, along with various other factors. When the chemical spill happened, humanity was done to as little as four billion people, with birth rates on the decline. 

In many respects, the spill was a blessing. And, this may just be my personal opinion, but given how the various governments didn't seem nearly as concerned with what happened, it is possible they were responsible. But that's purely conjecture on my part. Anyway, since then the population of Earth has risen back to seven billion, and scientists have found a way to effectively produce food without draining any other resources. Also there are no shortage on jobs since the adult entertainment industry exploded.

Prior to the change, people were often shamed for owning or watching pornographic material. That is no longer the case. Roughly forty percent of the entertainment industry is now pornographic in nature, even mainstream films often feature sexual content. This is due to the majority of Futanari being so open about their desires, and the eventual acceptance of it. But that's a topic for another day.

As I've ran out of time for today, I'll wrap up. Many women have become dissatisfied with their own bodies and are even jealous of the sex appeal all Futanari seem to have. Due to this, several scientists and surgeons are working in conjunction to create a procedure to allow women to become Futanari themselves, though progress on this has been slow for the most part. Even so, it seems certain that this procedure will be available to the public in the future. There's no doubt in my mind that Futanari will begin to outmatch the number of women, until the entire human race is hermaphrodite. Thanks for putting up with me."

The assembly politely clapped. Most had dosed off during the presentation, others were beginning to idly tease themselves or their neighbours, though those were mostly futanari. The presentation, while given by a rather gorgeous college sophomore, was not of any real interest. All those there had been taught all of this in history. The only one who seemed at attention was a freshman in the back, a somewhat scrawny girl who was one of the few people in the world who suffered from short sightedness. She was also a lesbian through and through.

This was also rather uncommon. Most women tended to have an attraction to both Futanari and females, due to the similarities between the two. However, this girl only had eyes for one, that being the sophomore now taking her seat. Gwen, the girl in the back had never been able to work up the backbone to ask her. As was normal however, Gwen soon learned that the girl was strictly interested in Futanari. That was eight years ago.

Gwen had graduated from college and even gotten over the girl. Or so she had thought. She hadn't seen her for years after the presentation, nor had she truly felt any desire to see her, but that was all changed. It was at the graduation ceremony that Gwen saw her again, and she was stunning as ever, if not more so. While that was now quite a few years ago, Gwen's desire for the woman hadn't faded at all. Then it just got even worse.

While out looking for work, Gwen happened upon her upperclassman yet again. It was in a clothing store, one which specialised in catering to futanari in particular, with pants designed to support the shaft and scrotum perfectly. They even offered pants with an easily accessible opening, allowing for quickies no matter the situation. The upperclassman, whose name Gwen had realised she'd never actually learned, was working at the checkout. Gwen gulped nervously upon seeing this.

None of the other tills were open. It was a slow day for them, as such many of the workers were on break. Gwen walked up to the counter, shaking slightly as she kept her eyes downcast as she did so. Despite the time that had passed, with her being 24 years old now, she was hardly any different to her first years of college. She was short, barely 5'2'', with skinny arms and legs, though her hips were curved well, as was her rear. She lacked any bust to boast of, not even needing a bra.

She adjusted her glasses and looked up. It was so hard to do so, as her gaze fell on the woman she so desired. She wanted to run and hide somewhere. The woman was perfect in every sense of the word. Her face practically glowed with her peppy attitude and health, her button nose situated perfectly on her face. Beneath it were her full, luscious lips coated in a vibrant glossy red that was so inviting. Gwen had to resist the urge to lick her own lips in want.

Above them were her eyes. They naturally perfect as Gwen would expect, with a light blue colour and framed by thick lashes. The irises even seemed to have a subtle glow to them, one of distinct sensuality and a seductive glimmer that almost had Gwen moist just from looking into them. Just what was this woman? No way could a human have such a gorgeous profile to go along with the perfect figure. Her breasts strained against her shirt, the restraining cloth clearly a couple of sizes too small for her.

Gwen only glanced at them, but she could see the nipples poking through. She wasn't wearing a bra, and, if the promiscuity of most people was to be believed, she didn't have panties on either. The scrawny girl quickly looked back up, not wanting to be caught. Like everything about her, the way she felt so bashful about anything sexual was a rarity. Most people were so nonchalant about how they presented themselves. No matter how revealing it was.

As it was, the woman of her desire was dressed so provocatively. Her shirt, several sizes too small on her, barely covered the bottom of her breasts, a small breeze enough to reveal them and possibly her large areolae. She was wearing a pair of hot pants, tight around her curvaceous ass and, if Gwen had to guess, there was no panties beneath. Though this was solely based on what looked to be a slightly dark patch on her crotch. 

Gwen on the other hand was as concealing as could be. Though even then, it would be considered revealing twenty years ago, with her standard length skirt - which only went halfway to her knees -tight shirt with 'Oppai' on the front, and a lack of bra. She was wearing panties. But they were what used to be referred to as a thong, however they were the normal underwear now, for females at least. Even if she wasn't particularly good looking, it still made her nervous to have something that didn't guarantee protection from keen eyes. At least she was able to stay under most people's radar.

Sometimes Gwen swore she was born in the wrong era. But cursing when she was born never did any good, as such she went with what she could. Summoning her will power, she opened her mouth to speak.

"H-hi, my n-name's G-Gwen." She stuttered, cursing herself silently for being so nervous. It was just another conversation, one where she could hand in her résumé and hopefully get a job, something she'd done quite a few times since graduation. The woman of her dreams simply smiled kindly.

"Hey there, Gwen. I'm Connie, what can I do for you?" She asked, her tone polite and professional, if a little amused. The girl was quite cute after all, though Connie could tell she was just a plain woman.

"Oh, uh, hi... Uh, I-I w-w-was loo-looking at the, um, website and I-I noticed y-you had a j-job position o-open." Dammit, why was this so hard, Gwen thought, almost biting her tongue to try and stop herself from talking. Connie looked her up and down, noting Gwen's mostly confident stance, though her stutter worried her.

"Sweetie, I'm not sure this is the best job for you." The gorgeous woman said, genuine pity in her voice. Gwen knew what was wrong. 

"S-sorry. I-I'm not u-usually l-like this." She explained, hoping it would help.

"Oh? Then what are you usually like?" Connie asked, leaning forward slightly. Gwen tried to avert her eyes from the cleavage that was now on display, produced by those perfect G cups.

"W-well, I-I don't s-stutter so m-much." She said, despite stuttering greatly.

"Really now?" Connie replied, a small amount of amusement on her face now. 

"Y-yeah, i-it's y-your f-f-fault anyway." She said without thinking. This made the bigger woman giggle, causing her chest to bounce enticingly. Gwen kept her eyes away from them, though it was quite the struggle.

"Honey, you're cute and all, but you're not really my type. Sorry." She said. It was almost maddening to Gwen, that this woman she so desired seemed to be even more perfect than she had thought. She was so nice.

"Oh, it's not that. I-I'm s-s-s-sorry, I don't kn-know what came over me. I-I'm here for the j-job." Strangely, her embarrassment helped her control the stutter slightly.

"Sorry, I just assumed, what with you stealing looks at my boobs all the time." Connie said apologetically, while hefting one of her boobs with a hand. Gwen blushed lightly as she resisted to urge to do the same.

"O-out of curiosity, w-what is y-your type?" Gwen asked, hoping to make small talk and possibly even befriend this beautiful girl. Connie just grinned slightly and answered.

"Well, Futanari with big, big and I mean, big dicks. Though a rocking bod wouldn't hurt." Gwen looked away at this, blushing as she imagined what Connie's ideal partner would be. The woman gave a small laugh.

"Man, you're cute. Not many people get embarrassed by that kind of stuff these days. Usually just makes them horny." Connie joked. Even Gwen laughed a bit at that.

"Y-yeah, I get that a lot. Um, h-here's my résumé. So, uh, if I get an interview c-could you p-please l-let me know? My numbers on there as well." She said, trying to get out of this situation, lest she risk making a fool of herself again.

"Sure, feel free to pop in again sometime." Connie said with a small grin. Gwen returned the expression before taking her leave, at least she hadn't made a complete fool of herself. Walking outside, she let out a deep sigh of relief. Hopefully, she would be able to get an interview and a job afterwards. As she walked down the road to her one room apartment, currently paid for by her fairly well off parents, she spied a flyer on a board. It was extremely common for people to put up fliers all over it, but one in particular caught her eye.

It looked like a flyer by a university of science. As one might expect, it was asking for volunteers to join a test program, one for an experimental procedure to turn a full-fledged woman into a Futanari, of any size. Gwen's mind flashed back to Connie, and how she liked Futanari with big dicks. Unable to help herself, Gwen read over the flyer and took a small piece of paper from it, the first that anyone had taken. They were strips that worked as sort of coupon; show it to the university and they'd direct you. From what Gwen had seen, no one else was really interested. Probably due to the fact that it was an experiment.

She continued walking down the street. From the images she had seen from first couple of decades of the twenty first century, not much had honestly changed. Thanks to the chemical spill, there had been very few terrorist attacks or any military combat whatsoever, even if it was there at all times, in case something happened. The most recent terrorist attack had been about nine years ago, and even then it was just a well-endowed Futanari using her cum to stop trains or cars from running. Gwen had heard the person had made a 'cum bomb', which was basically a condom filed with sperm.

As for places like the mall or just the streets, it was basically the same. The larger cities had massive advertisements, though they weren't simply LCD televisions and massive speakers, but actual holograms with stages. Some places still used TVs for these, but anywhere that was popular within the porn industry used holograms, as it was a far more effective way to market the tantalising imagery or entice those who clung to some form of purity. Fortunately, Gwen had chosen to live in a fairly quiet city.

Describing a city as quiet was unusual. When most think of a city, they imagine car horns, police sirens or the sounds of several thousand footsteps walking the streets. But Gwen was in one that was far more peaceful than others. While it still had all the normal sights and sounds, such as the impressive skyscrapers in the distance, or the apartment complexes, there was a sense that this was a place one could relax in. Probably down to the friendly people who lived there and its lack of in your face, obnoxious advertisements. 

Gwen herself lived in a fairly small apartment building. It was mostly for students, but she had continued to stay there after graduating. The rent was low, the other residents nice, and her landlady was fair and very kind. Of course, it was also near the shopping district, where Gwen now knew Connie worked. It was only 9:15AM at the time, so the walk back home was mostly void of other people. This gave Gwen all the quiet to look over the strip of paper in her hand.

It said the experiment was tomorrow. Anyone could come, no matter their health or age. Gwen's finger started tapping against her leg, a habit that had developed during college, coming about whenever she was deep in thought. The side effects were also listed, though they were mundane: diarrhoea, stomach cramps, discoloration to stool or urine etc. Any side effect that occurred and required hospital treatment would be covered by the university.

It also told her that there were options. They would be explained in greater detail on the day of the experiment, but the summary was that the volunteer, paid volunteer at that, could choose whether they what size they wanted to end up. 'Futanari with big, big and I mean really big dicks' Carrie's words echoed in her head, leading Gwen to sigh in disappointment, thinking she should have asked exactly what size. The girl sighed as she walked up the stairs to her room.

The temptation was undeniable. Gwen had been below average her whole life, save for her grades which were marginally above average. She'd never had any relationships, though one had been close when she was younger and she had fooled around with some of her friends, but nothing came of it. As it was, she'd rarely even explored her own body. Gwen could count how many times she had masturbated in her entire life with just her fingers, and most of them had been during college. A blush crept onto her cheeks as she remembered who was responsible for those.

The building was one of the few wooden ones left. It was furbished frequently, keeping it up to standard and appealing. Of course, it was outfitted with all electrical needs, even if the building and rooms were fairly small. Gwen's was no exception. Walking through the door, she had a sink and dishwasher on the left, a window on the right. At the opposite end, she had a single bed laid out with plain white sheets set neatly on it. Next to it was the only other door in her room, which led to her bathroom. There was no personal shower for her.

It wasn't too bad though. As she liked to remind herself, the other residents were friendly and they liked to make conversation, even though she wasn't all that interesting. The building had an addition, which essentially worked as the residents' bath and showers, with foldable walls available for privacy, though Gwen was the only one who tended to use them. She didn't have a bad life at the moment.

She sat down on the bed and kept studying the paper. They didn't even give contact details, simply offering directions to the campus and the date to be there. It was one of the many occasions she wished she had more friends she could talk to, but Gwen was usually pretty introverted, only asserting her opinion when angered or when necessary. Neither happened very often.

She could have called her parents, but she knew they'd support her no matter what. It didn't hurt that they were both Futanari, and famous ones at that, one for action/thriller movies and the other for her extensive list of pornographic works, as both director and star. Even if they were fiercely supportive, as soon as Gwen had moved out of the house, that they would only help pay for living expenses. They wouldn't pay for anything above the necessities.

Even then they only paid for roughly forty percent of the rent and a small amount of the food. Of course they'd told her to call them if she was in grave need of something. Gwen was honestly grateful for this, since she had often felt embarrassed by how spoilt she was as a child. Now, she was able to live somewhere with only minor support from her parents, and taking out loans, while doing a few odd jobs for brief periods to help pay. This was mostly freelance journalism, or website design. Both of which she had studied, though never found all that interesting.

It was something of worry for her. When she was younger, Gwen was naturally interested in playing and certain other subjects, but now, as an adult, she didn't really have many interests. She, like her teachers and parents had said quite often, had hoped she would find something during college. But nothing had come up. Now, she was simply hoping she could live her life out in peace and quiet with maybe a few highlights here and there. The strip of paper in her hand was probably the last chance she might have to shake things up for herself.

She set it down on a small table in the centre of the room. She would decide in the morning, after all, it said to come at 1:00PM. After that Gwen went about her day as normal, though it was mostly meandering around, surfing the internet, which was provided for free by the landlady. Gwen's laptop was a going away gift from her parents, as such it was highly valuable and high tech. Even if she had only really used it for surfing the web and writing.
