 "Well, you've seen porn, right?" Gwen nodded as the Futa gestured her flaccid cock, "Do what you saw, don't worry, we're not gonna fuck you or anything." She explained reassuringly. Gwen eyed the appendage carefully, having only ever seen two in real life, both which had been her parents when she'd walked in on them. Silencing her doubts, she reached out and grasped it, hiding a small grin when she heard the Futa gasp. Gwen began to steadily pump the three inches of cock while the others moved around her.

She glanced around at them and raised her other hand to another shaft. She wasn't used to this, as such her actions were awkward at first, but she soon began to adjust. The others were all around her, patiently waiting their turn, while some of the crowd were beginning to masturbate slowly. As the first Futa's cock hardened in Gwen's hand, its wielder spoke. 

"Use your mouth, sweetie, it'll be much better." Gwen didn't even fight her desire, finding that she wanted to taste this dick, her first dick ever in fact. With only a slight moment of hesitation, she leaned forward and opened her mouth, taking the head of the woman's six inch prick inside. Her hands found two others cock, while she took in the brand new taste in her mouth.

It was strange to her. There wasn't necessarily a flavour to it, just a slight saltiness, but it was offset by something else. Whatever it was, she found it was actually pretty good and began to lick around the head, sucking gently on it.

"Damn, I thought this was your first go at this. You're a natural." The Futa said in awe, her hand coming down to massage Gwen's head reassuringly. The woman was surprised by this, having never had any real talent in her life. It felt nice though, to have something she might actually be better than others at. Even if it was sexual.

"Her hands are pretty good too for a first timer." Another said. Gwen smiled slightly and pushed herself further forward on the first cock, taking it about halfway before it met her throat, forcing her to stop. It wasn't very thick, thankfully, but she was still inexperienced. She pulled off and looked up, a look of slight disappointment on her face.

"Don't worry, it takes practice to do that. Just get back to what you can do." She was really nice, Gwen thought and went back to sucking on what she could, bobbing her head and hands back and forth on three different cocks. The others around her were jacking off to the scene, sometimes taking her hand and putting it on their pricks. Gwen didn't fight them, though she kept to just the one cock in her mouth.

The Futa was getting close, if her moans were any indication. Gwen began to suck harder, her tongue working on the underside of the shaft, all while she moved her head back and forth as best she could. The others were all moaning lowly as well, enjoying her hands. She almost couldn't believe she was doing this, and so willingly. The Futa she was sucking gasped loudly and gripped Gwen's head in her hands, holding her where she was. The surprise made the girl's hands tighten around their current cocks.

This proved to also be too much for those two as well. Just as the first burst of cum fired into her mouth, two more rained down on her chest and face. Her eyes opened wide at this, even as they watered from going as far as possible, setting her gag reflex off. It was warm, delightfully so, on her skin and thick too. She could feel it sticking to her flesh, barely even running down under gravity's effects. But the highlight was in her mouth.

While the tip was pressed against the back of her mouth, the first spray was coughed up slightly. As such, Gwen could taste it clearly. An inadvertent moan came from her, vibrating against the cock and causing the Futa to moan too. The thick seed that accompanied the moan was released onto her tongue this time, giving her fresh cum. It was similar to the cock only far more potent, its saltiness tempered by a sweet aftertaste. 

She moved back slightly and sucked on the head. Unfortunately it seemed to be all the Futa could produce, with the dregs of her orgasm leaking onto Gwen's waiting tongue. Once it was done, she licked it clean and pulled away, panting lightly.

"That was great, might even try and find you some other time." She said and walked away, a satisfied expression on her face. As she left, Gwen moved a hand to her body, feeling the seed that was on her chest. It felt strange, almost like jelly, but much more fluid. It stuck fast to her skin, creating a long string when she pulled her finger away from it. Without a second thought, she licked it up.

"How'd you like your first taste of cum?" Came a familiar voice. Looking around, Gwen saw Allie sitting on the edge of the pool, grinning at her. Over a dozen Futanari were around her too, naked and leisurely masturbating themselves or each other. Before Gwen could reply, she was suddenly face to face with another cock.

"Sorry, but I wanna give that mouth a shot." She said. The full-fledged woman didn't resist, instead she opened her mouth and took this latest cock inside. To answer Allie, she gave a thumbs up, before her hands were preoccupied once more. Unlike before, where she stuck to servicing just the one cock with her mouth, Gwen urged the two she was jerking with her hands in front of her, moving back and forth between the three of them. Each one offered a slightly new flavour or texture for her.

The pool filled with more and more people. Allie had backed off, not wishing to risk messing the experiment up since she was a good deal larger than the Futanari around her, but she found a good spot to watch the action. Gwen was now in the middle of a circle of Futa. She could only handle three at a time, but the others seemed content to rub their hard-ons against her skin, as if marking her with their musk. Wherever they touched her, she felt small electrical shocks run through her.

Gwen pulled off another cock with a wet pop. She had begun to use more and more spit as she progressed, her cheeks and chin were covered in it, as was any cock she could get inside her. It was strange to her. For the longest time, she hadn't been attracted in the slightest to phalli, but now she could hardly get enough of them. To affirm her thought, she took hold of another cock and leaned in close, taking a deep breath through her nose. The musk alone was heavenly to her now.

She buried herself in those balls. They, like the cock, weren't very large, but to her they were perfect. She could practically feel all that cum churning inside of them, cum that she wanted. Without another moment wasted, she pulled back and took half of the five inch shaft into her mouth, taking a deep breath before pushing further. It was the sixth cock she'd sucked on, and already her body was adjusting to her desires. She gagged once before the dick pushed into her throat.

It was oddly satisfying. Being able to take it in such a way, all while her nose pressed against the Futa's hairless crotch, and the others around her all tried to cover her in their scents. Gwen didn't waste another second and began to rapidly bob her head on the prick, moving her hands in time with it. She moved on after a few deep pumps, repeating the process on the neighbouring cock. She each one she touched felt stiffer than before.

They were all close to dumping their loads on her. They were going to cover her in their thick, sticky, delicious cum. She would be covered, head to toe, while her stomach was filled with their seed. Each thought only made her want it more, her moans coming frequently, even if they were choked off by the hard cock in her throat. All around her, the Futanari began moaning as well no doubt nearing their climaxes.

Gwen swore her own pussy was throbbing. She had only experienced orgasm a few times in her life, and those had been quite some time ago, but she instinctively knew she wanted them inside of her. Perhaps that was why they seemed so enamoured with her; they could sense her need for them. She wanted nothing more than to get on all fours, and get lose her virginity, a desire she'd never experienced before. She didn't give into it, knowing it would ruin the experiment. It was difficult to say the least.

Just as Gwen felt a drop of something run down her thigh, the Futanari around her cried out. She knew what it meant and shoved herself down on her current cock, feeling it as a spurt of seed poured down her throat, while all around her at least a dozen jets of cum rained down on her. It got everywhere. On her back, her arms, her face, her hair... She moved away from the one in her mouth, taking another just as another volley helped to further cover her. When they had exhausted their loads, they backed away from her.

Before Gwen could look over her sperm soaked body, over a dozen more stepped into the pool. She gulped, knowing this would be a long day, but at the same time the unfamiliar heat in her pussy had her lusting for it. She was soon back to sucking and stroking cocks, moving between them all even as the jizz on her body dried on her skin. The next wave of cum came sooner than the last, which Gwen expected and sat lowered in the middle. She kept her mouth wide open for them.

They got the idea. As at least fourteen Futanari came, they all made an effort to spray their load into her mouth. She didn't swallow, merely leaving it open for them to fill it to overflowing. It soon did, rivers of it running down her chin and neck. She swallowed it all down, gasping in satisfaction, before the next set came at her. Gwen looked at them with a lustful grin.

She'd never shown just behaviour before. Even when she'd walked into the showers during high school, and saw several of her classmates in the midst of an orgy. They'd invited her to join, but she had declined. Now however, she was on her knees, in the middle of a dozen Futanari, with dozens more waiting their turn. She was covered in cum as well, and she only wanted more.

Mum would be proud, she thought as she dived onto the next cock. One of her mother's, the one she assumed was responsible for siring her since they never said who was the 'father', was well known in the porn business. Both for the voracious fuckings she would give, and the sheer amount of Futa she would happily let fuck her in turn. Maybe that was why Gwen was a natural at this.

It didn't matter though. What did was the next deluge of seed being sprayed upon her. Much of her skin was hidden now, covered as she was by layers of cum, and it would only get worse. From the far end of the building, she heard Diana's voice.

"Almost half way done, Gwen. Just keep it up." She sounded different, less like the refined woman from before. Gwen, in the brief moment between having her hands and mouth used, heard the faint sound of moans. She grinned, knowing Allie was no doubt responsible. The respite was over, with her nose being mashed against another crotch, her senses enveloped in cock. Her eyes only saw cock, she tasted only cum and dick, her ears could hear it as Futanari moaned, she could feel the soft and hard shafts in her hands. It all worked together in a symphony of desire within her.

This wave came into her mouth and on her face. Her right eye was glued shut by it, her flushed cheeks painted an off white colour, while her mouth overflowed with semen. When they were finished, Gwen had barely swallowed when her mouth was invaded by another prick, her hands being put to use yet again. She was only just halfway done as well.

She ignored the seed drying all over her body. She only wanted more of it, even though her stomach already felt rather full from the amount she'd swallowed. She later found out that about 150 Futanari were present, after which she worked it out that if the average Futa came 250mls, she had been covered in, and drunk, approximately eight gallons worth of cum alone. Soon the next wave showered her, followed by another and another.

After an unknown amount of time, Gwen laid in the pool. It truly was a pool now, with enough cum filling it that she was submerged a couple inches in seed. It seemed like miracle when Diana and Allie found her, since she was covered quite literally from head to toe in thick cum, the only sign that she was a human being was her laboured breaths and the bloated stomach she sported. When they walked up to her, Gwen could do little but grin at them.

"How you feeling?" Allie asked, reaching down to help her up, ignoring Gwen's cum drenched hands.

"Amazing." She said, eyes looking far off.

"I should hope so, after what we gave you." Diana said, and immediately cursed herself silently. Gwen looked at her, frowning, though it was hard to tell beneath the viscous seed.

"What you gave me?"

"Yes, uh, well... it was the drug we told you about, but it had a little, um, something else in it as well." She explained, looking away awkwardly.

"What kind of something?" The haze of happiness Gwen had been enveloped in was quickly evaporating.

"It was just a relaxant of sorts. You looked so tense and I didn't want you to leave, so... I'm so sorry." She said.

"You... you drugged me." Gwen stated flatly, "And I didn't even know."

"Look, I-I know there's nothing I can do to make this right honestly, but will you please continue with the experiment? After this you just need to come in every three days for check-ups, and then I'll pay you for your services." Diana said, hoping to persuade Gwen, who was looking at her dumbfounded.

"Y-you really expect me to come back? After you... after you drugged me?" She asked in disbelief.

"Please, it's just some small things, to see if it worked or not and then we'll pay you. You won't have interact with us in any way outside of that." Diana told her, "And then, if you want, you can continue the experiment further. Assuming you want a bigger, uh, thing." Gwen took several deep breaths, whatever drug they'd given had worn off. She thought back to the experience.

As angry as she felt at her, she couldn't quite find it in her to outright hate Diana. The events she'd gone through were unlike any she had experienced before. She had felt released, happy, and even beautiful to an extent, what with so many Futanari cumming from her ministrations. She bit her lower lip and glared at Diana.

"Fine, but don't you dare do anything like that again, or I'll call the cops." Gwen threatened, and Diana simply nodded, "Okay, now where're my clothes?"

"I can get them." Allie replied, walking off to get them. Gwen didn't say much of anything to the brunette, not trusting herself to restrain her words.

"For what it's worth, I am sincerely sorry." Diana said, just as Allie came back with Gwen's clothes. She quickly wiped away as much cum as she could and dressed herself, though what was in her hair would take a proper shower, and she had no intention of asking for one from them.

"I'll see you in three days then." She said curtly and left. She ignored any looks she got, since her hair, normally a fairly deep red, was coated in white and matted to her head. There were even a few wolf whistles in her direction, causing her to blush, but she ignored them and continued on her way to the bus. As she was climbing on board, her eyes fell on a young woman at the front. She was good looking, nothing special, but what drew Gwen's attention was her crotch. She had a rather sizable bulge there.

Gwen shook her head, clearing the odd thoughts. She paid for her ticket and took her seat, but the bus was packed, as such she had to sit next to someone. They looked to be a student at the university, no doubt heading out on a day off or for a holiday. Like most people, they ignored each other, but Gwen found it harder. Her eyes kept darting to her neighbour, always downcast. They were a Futanari, evidenced by the slight bulge in her pants.

Like before, Gwen shook the thoughts loose. Why was she noticing Futanari all over the place, she hadn't before. Even now, as she was looking around, she found her eyes picking up the slightest shift in anyone's pants. That wasn't the only issue she had though. Every time she spied a new Futa sitting any near her, she felt a subtle heat build within her, similar to when she was participating in the experiment. It unnerved her, but she assumed it would pass soon enough.

Eventually, she made it back home. Her fixation on Futanari had not passed during the bus rides, and now, even after it was over, she still couldn't get the lust she felt out of her mind. Walking back into her room, she sat down on the bed, processing what had happened. Maybe the experiment was still in effect, making her desire Futanari. Either way, it wasn't harming anyone. It just a little concerning for her.

Sitting on her bed, she thought back to the experiment. Her mind played it over and over in her mind; the legions of Futanari cumming on her, her first taste of cum, and the feel of it all over her skin. Her attention was brought back to her hair, where the semen had long since dried and caked into it. She raised a hand it and sighed, knowing it needed to be washed out. It saddened her slightly, especially as she breathed in through her nose, the musk of many different Futanari's cum flowing through her. But she couldn't go out in public with her hair like this.

As she breathed it in, her body continued to heat up. Her mind played the events over and over in a continuous loop, and her hands reacted, moving down her body and sinking into her pants. Gwen wasn't paying attention, her focus on the prior few hours. Even as her fingers began to lightly trace her engorged vulva. Her thoughts eventually turned to the possibility of the experiment being successful.

She pictured herself. There wasn't much different to her usual appearance, same red hair, same small stature, however there were two key changes. The first was her expression. She had her mouth open, tongue lolling out while her eyes rolled into her head, a look of pure ecstasy. Then much lower, past her disappointing bust and slim waist, was her most noticeable change. Jutting obscenely from her crotch, was a cock at least fifteen inches long, with a pair of testicles dangling beneath it, each of them the size of plums. And their load was currently spraying forth.

In the real world, Gwen gave a loud gasp. She had unconsciously thrust two of her fingers inside her pussy, the stimulation working with the constant heat that had been present for the past three hours, and bringing her to climax almost immediately. She laid back on the bed, uncaring if her cum soaked hair was rubbing onto her sheets, and looked to the ceiling. Her breaths came in short, fast pants.

"Wow..." She gasped aloud, unable to recall a time when she'd felt to so good before that day. The rest of her time passed by with her checking her phone a couple of times, mostly in case someone had called about that interview, though she'd received no such notification. Aside from that, she mostly just milled the idea of her being a Futanari around in her head. Maybe it'd be some kind of wake-up call and help her fit in with everyone else.

The next day she woke up and still hadn't received a call. She wasn't too worried, since the store had advertised the vacancy and no doubt had quite a few people applying for the opening. There was one thing of note however, as Gwen looked over herself, she frowned slightly. Had her breasts grown? It wasn't all that uncommon for people to keep growing into their twenties, but considering that she'd seen nothing to support that idea in the past eight years, it seemed unlikely.

"Guess it's a side effect or something." She muttered aloud, not too concerned, since she very much needed the addition to her chest. Wondering if there were any other changes, she felt all over herself, but everything else was the same as normal. Then, after a deep breath to prepare herself, she reached into her sweatpants and felt at her pussy. Nothing felt different to her disappointment.
