 "Y-you mean, with all those Futanari?" Gwen asked, gulping loudly and taking a deep drink of coffee.

"Yes, only on a larger scale. Since the ones from before were all below average, these will be a fair amount larger." Diana told her. Gwen's finger began tapping against her leg. The habit was originally for when she was deep in thought, but now it was a subtle hint at her desires. If she went through with this, then her cock would end up even bigger, and her breasts might grow more too. But... wouldn't she be just like anyone else? Most would jump at such an opportunity.

While Gwen had wished to be like most others, she wanted to maintain some sort of unique quality. The only thing unique about her being her unusual avoidance to most things sexual. If she went with this, what would she come out like? Would she stay the same? Maybe a little more promiscuous, but still herself, and with a massive cock and tits to go with it. Gwen bit her lower lip. She wished she knew what she might be getting herself into.

"If you're not sure, you can wait until you come here next time. Give you some time to think about it." Diana offered, noticing the indecisive look on Gwen's face.

"Thank you. I'm sorry if this is any trouble for you."

"Don't be, it's a big decision after all. Give it a few more days and we'll see then." Diana told her, putting a comforting hand on Gwen's shoulder. The redhead nodded and smiled thankfully.

"Thanks, Diana. I'll see you in three days I guess." She said and stood, walking out of the building.

Gwen quickly realised she might have made an error. As she sat on the bus, which was mercifully quite empty, her mind kept conjuring images of what had happened before, only the cocks were at least four inches larger as a minimum. Try as she might, she couldn't shake the images loose. Then, as if to mock her, her mind had the cocks' cumming, their amounts almost twice as much as before. In her mind's eye, she saw herself all but swimming in a pool of cum. A shudder passed through her physical body.

She wanted that. She wanted to be drenched head to toe again, to have her hair soaked in cum and her senses overwhelmed by it. The taste, feel, scent and sounds of cum pouring onto her. Gwen felt her face heating up, while her breathing became slow and deep. She wanted to touch herself, badly. It took all of her will power to resist such an urge.

Thankfully, she was able to get off at her final stop without incident. But that was all she could handle. As she was climbing off, she passed a Futa. It was obvious, based on the way they were walking. The bulge in their pants wasn't obvious, but it was definitely a decent sized member. Before she could stop herself, Gwen reached out and stopped her. The Futa was about to say something, but Gwen cut her off.

"Want a blowjob?" She asked, mentally aghast at what she'd just said. She didn't take it back however, even if her mind screamed for her to cover her face and run. It was like her lust was in control. The Futa looked her over and said nothing, instead she gripped Gwen's hand and led her away. By the time they'd stopped moving, the Futa was standing in front of Gwen in an alleyway, away from prying eyes.

"You got yourself a deal." She said at last and dropped her jeans. As if tied to them, Gwen also fell to her knees, ignoring the uncomfortably hard ground. Her jeans were also discarded, in case she felt the urge to pleasure herself. She couldn't help it. She wanted, no, she needed this. Her mind was screaming for her to stop, that this wasn't right. It was like she was trapped in a glass case of sorts, banging on the walls to no effect, all while seeing her body performing acts against her will. Even so, as she raised her eyes to see the Futa's flaccid shaft, her will faded.

Unable to resist, Gwen raised a hand to it. Despite it being soft, the length and girth was equal to the first one she'd ever serviced. Without a seconds more hesitation, she opened her mouth and put it inside, sucking happily. The taste was new and familiar at the same time, the distinguished taste of cock on her tongue, but mixed with an odd sweet and salty flavour she wasn't familiar with. Was it sweat or dried cum? It didn't matter to her. 

The Futa moaned appreciatively. Her hands on Gwen's head, stroking her hair as her cock began to grow erect. It was an odd sensation for the altered woman, feeling the soft prick expanding and hardening within her mouth, all while her tongue licked around the uncircumcised tip. There was definitely a strange flavour on it, one she couldn't place.

"Damn, I needed this. That woman couldn't go more than two rounds." The Futa moaned, while gently urging Gwen further down her growing shaft. Gwen's eyes opened wide at hearing this, as she realised what the taste was. This cock she was sucking on, with her tongue lapping around the expanding head, while her hands reached up to cup those apple sized balls had been inside a woman not too long ago. And she had no desire to stop.

"She couldn't even handle it in her ass." The Futa groaned, her cock now nearing its full glory inside Gwen's mouth. The head was expanding into her throat now, but even as she gagged on it, she didn't want it to stop.

It was filthy. Her mind told her, to have something like this in her mouth, especially after where it'd been. But that only made her want it more. It was disgusting, but so fucking fantastic she told herself. Breathing in through her nose, brought the overwhelming musk to her attention. Her pussy felt like an inferno now, the scent permeating the air around her. Totally inescapable, even if she wanted to leave. Gwen moaned around the now erect prick.

It was at least twice the size of her first cock. She could only take about half of it, but that allowed her other hand to reach up and grasp the half that remained. Using the experience she gained three days ago, Gwen began to jerk the shaft even as she bobbed her head back and forth. The Futa was evidently impressed, as she moaned low in approval, all while her hands stroked Gwen's head. The transformed girl pulled off entirely.

She looked up at her partner lustfully. She didn't care that they were a strangers, nor that she'd spoken openly that her cock had been in a pussy and an asshole possibly just minutes ago. Gwen felt free at that moment, like she was finally taking command of herself, even if that meant being a slut. She was panting openly, all while jerking the full thirteen inch cock before her. Going on instinct, she leaned close to it, breathing in the powerful musk and stroking it against her soft cheek. As she did so she spoke.

"This is filthy. You're taking advantage of me, a poor, cum starved stranger." She said, her breath passing over the saliva slicked head of the cock, even as her hand worked it into the impressive meat, "You fucked another woman before me; took her in the cunt and the ass. And now you're letting me clean your filthy fucking cock." Gwen moaned, her own words increasing the heat within her own body. The Futa joined her, somehow enjoying the words as well.

Gwen smirked against the shaft. Her tongue lolled out, licking along the tumescent length from base to the tip, where she opened wide and took it in once more. She stayed at the head, suckling on it like a baby on a mother's teat, before pulling back with a pop, her hand still pumping it. The Futa was looking down at her, their eyes meeting. Gwen said nothing more, and raised the cock. This exposed the apple sized orbs contained in a loose sac.

She spied a small amount of moisture on them. Did the Futa easily sweat? She thought, and licked her lips. The scent met her sinuses, drawing her closer and closer until her face was mashed against the balls. Gwen moaned against them, opening her mouth slightly to suckle on a testicle, and pulling back to lavish the skin in her spit until it glistened with it. She could practically taste the seed within them.

The Futa's moans were louder and higher now. Gwen knew it was almost time, and licked along the underside of her cock, from the base to the head, where she opened wide and lunged forward. It was like her gag reflex responded to her insane desire, now reduced to a slight annoyance as she dived down. The length vanished into her mouth, penetrating her throat, before making its way to her oesophagus. Her airways were completely cut off, but it didn't matter.

Gwen swallowed as best she could around it. The sensations bringing a loud gasp and a moan from the Futa, who suddenly grabbed twin fistfuls of Gwen's red hair. She knew what they wanted and didn't fight it, merely nodded and taking a deep breath when they pulled out. Her eyes went wide as the cock she'd worshipped thrust forward without concern, not stopping when she gagged, only continuing forward to spear into her gullet. The Futa hilted inside of her only to pull out and repeat the action again.

The only sounds coming from Gwen was that of her gags. The sounds echoing through the alleyway. It may have been her imagination, but she could have sworn she heard someone else moaning nearby, as if they were getting off listening to them. Gwen didn't care though, she was focused solely on the cock penetrating her body, deeper than anything had ever before. Even if it was just her mouth and throat.

"Ah, shit, that's good." The Futa above her moaned, thrusting faster now. Gwen barely had any time to breathe. Spit flew everywhere it could, dripping from her chin, smearing across her cheeks, landing on her still clothed breasts. And neither she, nor the Futa paid it any mind. Since both of them knew what would soon be unleashed. Gwen raised her hand to those swaying balls, holding them firmly and massaging them in her grasp. She could even feel it as cum churned within them.

The Futa thrust faster and faster. Her pace akin to that of a jackhammer. She didn't care about Gwen's safety, even as she gagged and retched from the vicious face fucking, spittle all but pouring from her, lubricating the way. And yet, Gwen couldn't find the will within herself to try and slow it down, if anything, she wanted it harder. Her gags were accompanied by rough moans now, the vibrations enough to send the Futa over the edge. She let loose a cry as she hilted for the final time in Gwen's throat.

The first jet felt akin to a punch in her gut. The force of the Futa's ejaculation enough to send it splashing back up her throat and into her mouth, letting her taste it clearly. To her surprise, it was even thicker than what she'd tasted three days ago, and the flavour far stronger. Her pussy had been aflame since she had fallen to her knees, the fire of her lust steadily growing as she debased herself, and now it reached its crest. Gwen gave a gurgled cry as she experienced an orgasm unlike any other.

The Futa seemed to appreciate this fact as well. She leaned forward as far as possible, quite a bit thanks to her yoga practice, and moved a hand to Gwen's ass. The swallowing woman didn't notice through the sensation of cum being pumped into her stomach, even as the Futa's hand reached further than her lower cheeks, moving ever closer to her goal. Gwen's eyes shot open as she felt fingers trailing over her pussy lips.

She looked up, seeing the Futa's breasts almost directly in her face. Wanting to return the favour somewhat, she reached up and cupped them, her thumb and forefinger pinching the hard nipples. The sudden burst of cum down her throat was all the confirmation she needed that the Futa enjoyed it, though there was one other place she wanted to try. As Gwen swallowed around the prick, taking another spurt of seed in the process, she moved a hand down and past the shaft she was enjoying. The Futa didn't notice until Gwen reached her own goal.

She kept one on their breast. Using her fingers to massage the marshmallow soft mound, while her palm pressed down on the erect nub. As she did this, she continued to lick and swallow around their dick, milking of its seed. Then, behind the massive balls currently pumping their load into her, she now had two fingers poised to enter the Futa's pussy. Gwen, without any warning, did just that.

It seemed to act almost like a switch. The Futa jerked suddenly, a lewd gasp of pure pleasure escaping her lips, followed by a new cry as she came again, despite her first orgasm not being over yet. They basically merged, with her seminal output far greater than before. Gwen felt bloated already, her middle beginning to show signs of just how much cum she was ingesting. Her mind flashed to three days earlier, when her stomach had been swollen out to resemble a pregnant woman's. She wanted that again.

Of course, just one Futa wasn't capable of that. Despite her much larger size, her output was approximately 600mls, a far cry from the eight gallons Gwen had experienced. However, she could still feel her stomach expanding slightly from the sheer amount, plus the fact that the Futa had gone into a second, stronger orgasm meant the amount of cum was even greater. She just kept cumming more and more down her gullet.

Gwen's rational side was beginning to make itself known. She couldn't breathe through the massive blockage in her throat, and they didn't seem done quite yet. Her vision was starting to go dark at the edges. She would pass out at this rate and she knew it. Yet, Gwen didn't pull away, nor did she try and get the Futa's attention. She would take it all even if she fell unconscious.

"Oh, god, swallow it all." The Futa moaned from behind her, while her hands played with Gwen's pussy, teasingly adding pleasure to the asphyxiating experience. Thankfully, she had reached the end of her supply. The spurts were no longer massive, powerful deposits of thick cum, now resembling a tap turned on low. As her orgasm was reduced to a few drops, she finally pulled out.

Gwen fell back and took a long breath of air. She had been mere moments away from passing out, her vision blurry from it. Her throat was sore as well, used as it was by such a large member, and cum coated her vocal chords making speech impossible. She looked down at herself, her rapid pants making her chest rise and fall quickly, causing her new breasts to bounce enticingly. Her stomach was ever so slightly swollen too.

"Oh man, thanks for that. I was feeling a little pent up if you couldn't tell." The Futa laughed and pulled up their pants, before pulling out a piece of paper and pen from their back pocket. She wrote something on it and handed it to Gwen, who was unable to answer her at that moment, "I'm Ashleigh, by the way." With that, Ashleigh left Gwen on her own.

When she had recovered enough to think rationally, Gwen looked at the paper in her hand.

'That was great! Give me a call if you want to do something again.' Beneath it was Ashleigh's number. Gwen stood on quivering legs, the bones cracking from being motionless for so long. She put the paper in her back pocket, and finally realised what she'd done. Her legs moved without thought, taking her back home where she could think clearly. As it was her mind was in turmoil, most of her rational side aghast at what she had done, while another smaller part was basking in the feeling of her cum filled stomach. That side of her only seemed to be getting strength as well.

Deciding it was just a severe lapse in control, Gwen shoved the memory into the darkest corners of her mind. She'd always had a selective memory, one of the reasons she had performed well in school and was able to avoid distractions, such as walking in on her parents naked. Something that had been a common occurrence during her childhood, when she had yet to develop her current attitude towards anything sexual. Thankfully, her parents had listened to her when she asked to try and avoid being nude around the house.

Thinking of her parents, Gwen had to wonder if she should call them. When she next saw them, she'd have to explain everything anyway, this would just be getting it out of the way. She glanced at her phone, lying beside her on the bed, with the piece of paper Ashleigh had given her weighted down on the table. Eventually, she decided against calling them, since she didn't know when, or even if, her body would stop changing. Gwen didn't know which she wanted more.

As always, the day came to its end. Her dreams were more distinguished now, even if they eluded her upon waking up. If the damp feeling between her legs were any indication however, they had been sexual in nature. As she sat up, Gwen looked down at herself. Like the past few days, her bust was bigger, though today it was so miniscule she could hardly tell. Meanwhile, a check on her penis revealed it to have grown a full two inches in just one night. Though her balls had yet to get in on the growth properly. 

Like the last two days, she took a full nude picture of herself. Then that was it for her day. Like before she ambled around her room, looking for entertainment, but found none. She didn't want to risk going outside, since she was certain her 'issue' was still very much in effect. But it was harder than ever before. She felt restless just laying around doing next to nothing.

Like always however, time passed eventually. She climbed into bed, her three inch penis nestled between her thighs, and her larger breasts pillowing her chest nicely, before drifting off into the land of dreams. This time, she remembered it when she woke up, if only faintly. It frightened her. She couldn't recall it in detail, only in vague images. They always of herself, doused in cum and with a cock and balls that outmatched any she had even heard of. Her chest was just as ridiculous especially on her petite body. 

Ordinarily this wouldn't be noteworthy to her. It shouldn't have been frightful either, since it was basically just a simple wet dream, though she hadn't cum in her sleep. The dream itself wasn't scary, but the sheer lust Gwen felt at those thoughts and images was very much so. She didn't even check her body for any further changes that morning, shaken by the mental changes that were happening to her. She needed to tell Diana when they met up next time.

She managed to calm herself down eventually. After doing, Gwen looked at her body. She felt an odd mix of relief and disappointment, when she noticed her chest hadn't changed in the slightest. Her cock had only grown marginally as well, gaining maybe ¼ of an inch. The reason she felt relieved at this, was that it meant the dream she'd had wouldn't come to fruition, but it was disappointing, since she knew Connie wouldn't go for her as she currently was. She would need to get bigger. 

Thinking about Connie had her blushing slightly. She was the reason for all of this, though she wasn't solely to blame. Gwen was the one with a borderline unhealthy interest in the woman, though now she no longer classified as a lesbian. Now she was just plain and simply straight, if a little odd in the head. Gwen had to admit, the fact that her sexual orientation was now the standard for most people, made her a little said, since it was basically the sole aspect of herself that helped differ her from others. But there was no use in bemoaning what she'd done now.

Nothing new besides the dream happened that day. She felt apprehensive about going to sleep, for fear that she would go through another dream like that again, however her eyes refused to stay open forever. Fortunately, she slept peacefully, waking without any memory of her dreams as she was used to. In the morning she was met by a completely unchanged body, not even her new cock had grown at all. It was probably for the best though.

She didn't take a picture that day and simply went about getting dressed. As before, she had showered the day prior to meeting with Diana. Gwen made a mental note to tell the brunette about her mental changes, as well as her physical ones. Taking a deep, calming breath, she made her way to the bus station. Like the last time, it was mostly vacant giving her access to a front seat. Unlike last time however, she found her eyes were no longer constantly scanning the place for Futanari like before.
