 One of them broke out from the rest. Her steps were long and powerful. Gwen looked up at her, knowing she would have to even if she weren't kneeling. She didn't waste time, gripping the redhead's hair in one hand and bringing her close to her crotch, where her flaccid cock hung in wait. It was at least four inches at the time, something Gwen was eager to change as she opened her mouth to suck on it. The rest didn't wait long either, taking her hands and putting them to their own shafts.

The fact that her mouth and hands were in use didn't deter the others. They maneuvered around her, even as she worked like a woman possessed, licking all over the cock in her mouth, while her hands pumped the ever hardening lengths of the other two. The Futanari must have signalled one another, as the two in her hands moved closer, pushing her arms against her body and pressing their cocks near her face. Gwen didn't question it until she felt a hard prick slide between her arm and body on each side.

Were they so desperate for stimulation that they'd use such unconventional means for it? She thought, despite knowing the answer as the two began thrusting in and out of the faux holes. Gwen's eyes opened as she looked around, unable to see anything but cocks and the bodies attached to them. The dick in her mouth was growing erect rapidly, forcing her to open wider and wider until her jaw ached. She had five large cocks using her at once.

The thought ran through her mind like a runaway train. Not just her mouth or hands, but almost her entire body was being used. Her arms would no doubt reek of cock when she was finished, her breath would be saturated with the musk like her hands. In the corner of her mind, she heard a faint drip of something onto the floor, not knowing it was her own juices. As she worked those that were forced to jerk off themselves seemed to have other ideas.

Without saying a word, Gwen was pulled away from the cocks currently using her. She moaned in need, but not for long. She was put on her hands and knees, her arms pressed close to her sides, which in turn pushed her breasts together. Her eyes darted around the room, trying to determine what they were up to. They knew they couldn't fuck her right, she thought in concern, even as her pussy dribbled more at the idea. Before she could protest anything, they moved around her.

One laid down underneath her. They managed to position themselves just right, getting their hard ten inch cock between her breasts. Another took her mouth, its flavour different to the one from before. Two more took up positions on either side of her, crouching down and shoving their pricks between her arms. Behind her, a heavily muscled Futa walked forward. Her cock was on par with her physique, easily a foot long as she placed it between Gwen's ass cheeks. They had gone unnoticed by the redhead as she changed.

It had always been well shaped. But now, while her focus had been captivated by her breasts and brand new phallus, it had expanded noticeably. This allowed the Futa to effectively fuck her ass cheeks, the heat of her massive prick sending an odd sensation through Gwen whenever its length pressed against her unused rosebud. When she was in a comfortable position, the Futa reached around and lifted Gwen's torso off the ground slightly, freeing her hands. She knew what to do and reached out blindly to grasp two more cocks.

In a corner of her mind, Gwen counted how many cocks she was currently pleasuring. The one in her mouth was saltier than any other she had sucked on, but it was delicious, while another used her expanded bust for their own needs. Another two were somehow using the space between her arms and torso to pleasure themselves, while another pair occupied her hands. The hard flesh in each limb throbbing powerfully with arousal. Then at her back another was leisurely masturbating by using her ample cheeks.

Seven cocks were currently using her. Seven massive cocks. It was hard to believe, as nearly every part of her body was put to work, all for the sole purpose of making these Futanari cum. The flavour in her mouth was so strong, it completely removed any taste that remained of her breakfast, or the toothpaste she'd used. The saltiness, while bitter at first, was overwhelmed as she tasted the first drips of pre-cum, the fluid better than anything she'd had before. Regardless of where it came from.

She could feel the others were all getting excited as well. Her tits were slowly growing slicker as the Futa using them began to secrete her own pre, the slippery fluid allowing her pace to increase. Likewise, her hands were beginning to spread it around the cocks they were servicing, while her arms were slathered in it. Gwen felt dirty, sticky and yet she adored the feeling. She wanted more.

As if in response to the thought, two more Futa stepped in front of her. Their cocks were already hard and ready, she looked up at them. The look in her eyes must have been one of thanks, since they grinned and pushed their hips forward a bit, pressing the heads of their pricks against her cheeks. The other seemed happy to share as she nodded to her. Gwen pulled back with a gasp and immediately filled her mouth with the new cock on her right.

It was a great deal thicker than the other two. The head alone forced her mouth to stretch further than ever before. The Futa seemed pleased that Gwen could take her, and began to slowly saw her length in and out of her mouth. She steadily added more and more, until the head was knocking on the entrance to her throat. She didn't push however, seeing Gwen's wide eyes. Instead she settled into a slow and steady pace.

Just like the others she had tasted, the cock was delightful. Gwen lathered the head with her tongue, earning a small spurt of pre-cum in the process. She didn't stay on it too long, moving onto the other newcomer quickly, slathering it in her spit like the others. This Futa didn't seem nearly as happy being a passive participant, as she grabbed two handfuls of Gwen's hair, much like Ashleigh had the other day. Gwen knew what was about to happen and opened her mouth as wide as possible.

The Futa seemed to appreciate it as she gave a small nod before she began her assault. Like with Ashleigh, the sounds of her gags and coughs from the cock ramming into her throat didn't deter, only urging them and those around them. Gwen's eyes watered from the abuse, her meagre amount of makeup running as it did so, while her spit drooled down her chin and onto her chest, further lubricating her tits. The other two in front of her were restless.

An unspoken signal passed between them. Suddenly, Gwen's maw was freed, strings of spit connecting her lips to that cock, before she was filled once again. The thrusts weren't as fast or rough as the first. Nonetheless, her gags and moaned sounded out. Another signal passed, and she was moved to the third, who seemed determined to test her. Gwen only got a wide, lustful smirk before they started pounding into her.

She was given only a second to take a deep breath. Her eyes gazed up at the Futa using her, despite the tears brought on by her gag reflex pouring down her cheeks, joining with the copious drool. Gwen could feel her throat being stretched open by the new invader. The orifice was being abused by a cock at least as thick as her wrist, all while the other parts of her body were coated in the musk and secretions of half a dozen other Futanari. They must be nearly there, she thought.

The Futa currently in her mouth gave no chance to breathe. Her pace even put Ashleigh to shame, not even half a second passing between when Gwen's throat was full and empty. She was beginning to black out, the edges of her vision darkening. Fortunately, they seemed to know what to do and pulled out. Gwen took a deep, ragged breath, panting rapidly. The three in front of her seemed fine to let her rest.

She wasn't. After only three deep inhales and exhales, Gwen forced the middle cock into her mouth and throat. The feeling of her gullet being used so filthily, while pre-cum gushed onto her tongue. It was little more than an appetiser, and she knew it. Those using her were beginning to increase their individual paces now. Gwen could most of them throbbing in mad desire, all except for the muscular one holding her. She was taking one for the team, allowing them to use her before she got her own reward. Gwen made sure to put on a good show for her.

She made sure her gags were easily audible. She shook her hips slightly, enticing them and stimulating her foot long shaft at the same time. The action made her breasts quiver slightly as well, bringing a moan from below her. Gwen wanted them to cum. She wanted to feel it as she was covered and fed litres upon litres of viscous seed.

Her hands glided along the cocks in them. Their owners moans reaching her through the growing symphony of pleasured sounds. Gwen switched rapidly between the three dicks in front of her, taking one into her throat and holding it for a second, then moving onto the next. Before she took them in her gullet, she made sure to run her tongue along their lengths, from balls to the tips. She wanted to taste them in their entirety.

She soon got her wish. All around her, she felt it as the shafts of each and every cock thickened and pulsed wildly. She pulled her head away and opened her mouth wide, awaiting the flood of their seed. With a resounding cry of ecstasy, they all released their loads, save the one at her back, but she was patient. Nonetheless the show made her throb in desire.

Gwen felt it as cum sprayed against her chin and breasts. Those in her hands released it all over her hair and arms, while those who had been using her chest and arms together pulled back to hose down her back. Each spurt was easily 50mls each, meaning that each time they sprayed her was on par with hosing down her body with a soda can of cum. Her face wasn't spared of course.

The three there were kind enough to aim for her mouth. They each released the majority of their first volley inside her cum hungry maw, however it was too great, overflowing even as she closed her lips to swallow. It was incredibly thick, reminding her instantly of jelly. It even required her to chew as she gulped it down. Despite working quickly, she wasn't able to swallow in time for the next spray, her entire face being coated in a layer from the three cocks. Fortunately, she was able to devour the second.

Over and over again she was sprayed. As the climax raged, Gwen heard others walk up, having been jerking themselves to the show. More and more cum drenched her body, coating the skin of her back, her ass, her tits, her face... the only place spared was her stomach, which was only due to her position. After they were done, the muscular Futa gently lowered Gwen onto the floor, laying her on her back. The semen covered volunteer looked at her in need.

They had no intention of denying her either. As she stood, Gwen's eyes all but bulged from her skull. While she was only about a foot long in terms of her cock, beneath it swayed a sac with two balls each the size of soccer balls. Gwen gulped at the daunting sight, but quickly sat up to pleasure her. Her eyes fell on the testicles again.

"So big..." She whispered in awe, licking her cum covered lips in desire. The muscled Futa chuckled at her statement.

"I haven't cum in over a week, girl. I've got a massive load here, but it's only for good cum sluts." She said. Whether it was the temptation, or some switch that had been thrown in her mind, Gwen leapt forward and took half of the stiff cock into her mouth. It was so thick, maybe even thicker than the other Futa, but she took it all the same. Gwen was almost shocked at herself.

She was actually trying to reinforce the idea that she was a slut. Maybe she was, considering all that she'd done in the past week. But she wasn't just some cum hungry whore, was she? No, there was no way. She'd never displayed any tendencies before, so it must have just been because of whatever drug they gave her. Gwen's mind suddenly recalled how she'd acted the first time, when they'd given her a 'relaxant'. Were they drugging her to want this?

Even as her mind ran through all manner of possibilities, her body continued to move. Her throat had long since opened up for the massive prick, its head buried in the middle of her neck now. Every time she pulled back and dived down again, it sunk in another inch. The tip was already gushing pre now, pouring directly down her oesophagus to join the sperm already in her stomach. Gwen couldn't taste any of it, but the warmth of it filling her was divine.

In her mind, she was furious. Diana had been lying to her, drugging her even. They just wanted a willing test subject. Was this even a test, Gwen thought, they have simply drugged her to believe the changes to her body were real. She was going to get them put in jail... as soon as she finished her meal.

She had eight of the twelve inches inside her now. The Futa was obviously pleased by this, no doubt finding it hard to find a woman who could handle her girth, at least for fellatio. Gwen purposefully salivated wildly around it, coating in her copious spit to better lubricate the shaft for entry into her willing throat, while her hand gripped what she couldn't fit at that moment. The other cupped the muscular Futa's massive balls.

Gwen could actually feel it. All the semen churning within those massive orbs, just begged to be poured down her ripe throat, to swell her stomach. Diana had said they could cum anywhere from 400mls to a full litre, and the Futa had said she'd held off on ejaculating for over a week. Gwen moaned lewdly, the sound still reaching the ears of all those around her despite the massive cock in her throat. The vibrations only added to the stimulation for the Futa, who moaned and placed a hand on Gwen's head.

Allie had told her before that the bigger the Futanari, the wilder they were. Realising this, Gwen stopped moving and simply let her mouth open as far as possible, tongue lolling out between her lip and the cock. She put both hands to the Futa's balls, toying with them and urging them to give her a bigger load. The tall Futa noticed her lack of action and glared down at her. Seeing this, Gwen only winked.

They got the idea easily enough. Without wasting another second, she took hold of Gwen's head. In that touch, Gwen finally understood just how powerful this Futa really was, and briefly considered retracting her offer. She never got the chance. The moment she'd taken a breath, her throat was suddenly full to bursting with cock. Some of the spectators let out a gasp, as they could see the cock's shape through her neck

Gwen didn't fight back. Her nose was mashed against the Futa's crotch, their musk working its way into the very core of her being, making her lust for more. Gwen moaned around their cock, her hands gripping the massive balls lovingly, feeling the throb of desire within them. She was given only a second's respite however, as the Futa pulled her back to the very tip, only to shove her back down. She repeated the actions over and over again, her pace skyrocketing as she settled into a brutal rhythm. Gwen couldn't hope to stop her even if she wanted to.

And so it continued. The redhead little more than a hole for the Futa to bury her thick cock in, even as her balls began to swell even more, no doubt with her impending orgasm. Gwen looked up through watering eyes, meeting the gaze of the Futa, whose own eyes were half lidded from pleasure. Gwen, knowing she only needed a push, moved one of her hand behind the massive sac, brushing a finger against the Futa's dripping snatch. This caught her by surprise and, in turn, brought on her orgasm.

Nothing could have prepared Gwen for what she had unleashed. The cock almost doubled in girth, her jaw creaking from the effort. The veins throbbed powerfully against her tongue and the walls of her throat. The Futa's hand mashed her face against her crotch, all twelve inches of rock hard cock buried within her. Gwen wouldn't be able to pull away.

Her hand remained on the balls and felt as they sent the first wave. Her eyes bulged from her head as it travelled through the cock inside her, its blazing heat easily felt through it. Then it finally sprayed forth from the head, a torrent of cum so thick it was indeed like jelly. Gwen moved a hand to her stomach on instinct, a moan escaping her as she actually felt it distend slightly. The next spurt yielded even more cum.

Around her dozens of Futanari were masturbating now. They could hardly believe their own eyes, watching as Gwen's belly swelled outwards with nothing but cum, and the muscular Futa seemed to have more than enough to spare. Some even worried she would pop, but did nothing. The view was far too good to end.

Gush after gut distending gush filled her. Gwen made no attempt to pull away, even as she began to resemble herself on the first day, and she was only swelling bigger. Her pussy was dripping liberally now, the sensation of her stomach expanding with nothing but pure semen almost enough to push her over the edge. The muscle bound Futa was far from done however, as such she gestured for others to come. They did so happily.

Soon enough, Gwen's hands were once against put to work. Her stomach looked like she had swallowed a soccer ball, meaning she'd only taking roughly half of the Futa's load. The two in her hands had been close when they joined, as such they reached their own climaxes quickly, hosing Gwen down for the second time that day. When they were done, and Gwen's hair was lost under a sea of white, two more replaced them. And so it went until the larger Futa finally reached the end of her orgasm.

It had been just in time. Gwen was seeing stars as it was, her breaths coming fast and heavy, while her hands continued their work of pleasuring more Futanari. The moment the black spots had left her vision, she turned and took one into her mouth. Being sucked on so suddenly had the Futa blowing her load down her sorely abused throat, adding to the ocean of semen already in her stomach. When she done, Gwen licked her clean and moved to the next one.

Thankfully, the rest were content to masturbate for a few moments. Giving her a much needed rest, as she looked over herself. In the span of that Futa's one orgasm, several Futanari had sprayed her with their loads, coating her in layer upon layer of cum. They had even managed to effectively cover her now massive stomach, where the semen of several different Futanari sloshed about with her every move. It was as big as a medicine ball and she still had dozens upon dozens of Futanari to go. Gwen licked her lips and waited for them to come to her.

Hours passed by in a blur of cum and bliss. When all was over, Allie walked to the pool. The other Futanari had all left, having received what they'd been offered by Diana. Gwen was in the centre of it, panting and giggled madly to herself, drunk as she was on cum. Allie smirked at her.

"I bet you never knew this about Futanari, but our semen doubles as a relaxant and aphrodisiac. It's why hardly anyone cared about what happened twenty three years ago." Allie told her, chuckling slightly, "And yes, that 'relaxant' we gave you on your first time here was a bit of cum, mine to be exact." Gwen heard her, but the words were clouded by a haze of deep satisfaction. It felt like she had been starving herself for days in anticipation of the best meal in the world. And it hadn't disappointed.

Eventually the sensation faded and Gwen's cognitive mind returned to the forefront of her consciousness. She sat up in the pool, where she was submerged up to her navel in semen, and looked down at herself. She was sporting a stomach so big she half expected to feel herself going into contractions, but she knew better. It was all cum, every last inch of her massively swollen middle was the result of cum. Unbidden, a loud burp ripped through her.
