 The bus ride was peaceful to her fortune. She didn't lust after any random Futanari she saw, and no one gave her any looks from what she saw, despite her stomach remaining massively bloated with cum. It sloshed with every bump in the road, the feeling odd but enjoyable. Those near her could no doubt hear the semen sloshing about within, dispelling any idea that she was just pregnant. Gwen sighed at the feeling of it all inside of her.

The rest of the day went by quietly. She had no messages on her phone, to her disappointment. It had been quite some time since she had handed in her résumé, but there was no word. Either she had come off as such a nervous wreck, or Connie had forgotten about her. That or they were just that busy. At some point she'd have to go back to the store and inquire as to why she'd had no contact whatsoever. But in the meantime, she was content to rest and eventually sleep.

Her dreams were far more vivid than before. Even upon waking up, she could recall it all quite clearly. The mere thought of them had her flushed in desire. The dream had been mostly been a retelling her the previous day's events, only the cocks were bigger and made a vast amount more cum. Gwen moaned to herself, thinking that only a couple more days from now and her dream would come true. Remembering yesterday she eagerly sat up to check her body.

The results did not disappoint. Her breasts, which had seemed to be a C cup when she'd stopped growing at first, had expanded considerably. By her estimate, she was at least a D cup, maybe even pushing DD territory. As her legs shifted, she felt something new. Even when her cock had developed and reached its current size, she didn't often feeling it with her legs or thighs. But now, she could feel the soft shaft against her skin, along with her scrotum. Curious, she tore her pants away.

Last time Gwen checked, she had been about three inches. While the growth wasn't nearly as much as she would prefer, it was visibly longer by at least an inch, its girth seeing a similar increase. Her balls were the more noticeable aspect though, as they had grown from grape or marble sized, to that of golf balls. Unfortunately, despite her erotic dream, it didn't seem ready to become erect yet. She sighed sadly, but knew it would come sooner or later.

Just as Gwen took the picture to document her growth, her phone rang. It made her jump, since only a few people had her number. She looked at the ID, seeing it was Allie.

"Hello?" She said, putting it on speaker while she walked around getting breakfast ready.

"Hey there," Came Allie's enthusiastic voice, "We still good for today?" She asked, the sound of buses in the background.

"Yeah we are. Do you need directions?" She asked, not recalling a time that she had given them her address.

"I just need your address, I already know what town you live in." She answered.

"Ok. Wait, how do you know what town I live in?"

"I recognised one of your shirts and, as far as I know, the nearest clothing store that sells it is where you're at. So, what's the address?" Allie asked. Gwen caught her muffled voice as she spoke with the driver. A short moment later, Gwen had given it and Allie was on her way.

"Great. Did you see any change today?" She asked, as she took her seat. Gwen sat down at her lone table and ate the sandwich she'd made.

"Yeah, my breasts are about a cup bigger." She said, glancing down at them.

"Really? Damn, how big do you want them to end up?" Allie asked, curious as to what Gwen was interested in.

"Um, I honestly don't know. I'm just glad to have boobs now, although..." she trailed off, fantasising about having something like G cups.

"Although?" Allie pressed.

"I guess I wouldn't mind them being bigger, as long as they don't get in the way." Gwen admitted.

"Can't wait to help you with them." Allie said, amusement in her voice, "Also, have you heard of Hypers?" Gwen frowned, not having heard the term.

"No, I haven't. What're they?"

"It's a term used around some forums. Basically, a Hyper is someone with massive endowments, like bigger than they are." Allie explained, to which Gwen's eyes widened.

"Damn, so, why're you bringing this up?" She asked, though a part of her suspected she knew exactly why.

"I was wondering, only if you were interested of course, but we could make you the first ever, real life Hyper." Allie said, her voice reaching up an octave or two in excitement.

"I don't think so." Gwen said pretty quickly.

"Aww, why not?" Allied whined, the redhead easily able to visualise her pouting.

"Well, I don't think it'd be all that practical, would it? Having like a five foot dick hanging from my crotch." Gwen reasoned.

"True, but I'm sure we could figure something out." Allied replied, trying to sway her.

"No, Allie, okay. I'll stop when I want to stop, alright?" She sighed.

"Fine, but think about it okay? I'm pretty the porn industry would be pretty interested in someone that size." Allie told her.

"I can imagine. See you later." Gwen said, hanging up. She wouldn't admit to Allie or herself, but the thought of her cock being five feet was far more enticing than she'd like. If she ingested enough cum to reach that size, her breasts would no doubt be obscene. By her estimation, they'd be like two beach balls on her chest. Likewise, her balls would be beyond overly cumbersome. She shook the thoughts loose.

Gwen knew she couldn't afford to be endowed with an immobilising cock and balls. She needed to be able at least work. Although, what Allie had said about the porn business weighed in her mind. They probably would pay a sizable amount for her to appear in films, at least until the novelty wore off. Would she even be able to fuck someone at that size?

"It's ridiculous." She muttered to herself and finished her breakfast.

While she waited for Allie to arrive, Gwen went about getting dressed. She knew there wasn't much reason for it, since Allie had seen in her a far more revealing situation than anyone else had. But she didn't want to exactly greet her friend in a shirt, which was now hiked up enough to show her navel now, and a pair of sweatpants. A part of her was tempted to strip down and kneel on the ground, waiting for Allie to come and face fuck her. That part was silenced quickly however.

Gwen didn't have a wide variety of outfits unfortunately. Her wardrobe, by which she meant a small chest of drawers that had barely enough room for her clothes, was painfully limited. Her shirts had range of black, to a dark blue, with very few being name brands. She had worn one of the few to the university back when the experiment started, hence why Allie knew where to find her. Her pants was just a few pairs of jeans and maybe some more formal wear, but that was all.

Her panties were as plain as could be, usually a simple white. If she recalled correctly, she had a striped pair somewhere. She didn't have any bras, having no need for them until a week ago. Maybe Allie would be able to help her. The blonde looked to be about a DD cup, though Gwen was only working off the minor education into bra sizes one of her mother's had given her when she was just going into puberty. Though the information had been unfortunately wasted on her. Or at least until now it had been.

Gwen knew she'd need to get some later on. Hopefully, Allie wouldn't last too long and they could go shopping together, since Gwen knew her parents would have deposited her monthly allowance into her account. The redhead also enjoyed her time with Allie, the blonde was fun to be around and she would no doubt help Gwen get out of her shell, particularly since she had already done so. She glanced down at herself, thinking that she had willingly agreed to have a Futanari come to her house and cum down her throat. Gwen was almost surprised at herself.

Then again, it was better than seeing a random Futa on the street and sucking them off. She looked back at the table, where the piece of paper Ashleigh had given her sat, unmoved and unused. Gwen was almost tempted to call her, to try and get a double dose of Futanari cum in one go, but she resisted. Ashleigh was almost a complete stranger. She may not have known Allie that long, but at least they'd had a full conversation. And Gwen felt comfortable around the blonde. 

It was hard to feel relaxed around her. The best way Gwen could describe her was 'bubbly', just in how she seemed so outright optimistic about just about everything in life. It was infectious in the best way. Just as she had finished dressed and was settling down on her bed to wait for Allie, someone knocked on her door. Gwen could easily guess as to who it was and walked over to it.

"Sup?" Allie asked, grinning widely at the woman, who returned the expression, though somewhat nervously. The blonde, like most people, lacked a sense of shame as her outfit suggested, "May I come in?" Gwen nodded and stood aside. Allie stepped inside, and the redhead's eyes fell on her swaying ass, the flesh encased in a pair of tight denim shorts, though they cut very short. Gwen had glanced at her crotch upon opening the door and saw the massive bulge there.

Her top half wasn't much better. She should have just worn a bra, Gwen thought. Allie's breasts were encased in a belly shirt, however it was at least a couple of sizes too small, as such it clung tightly to her chest. A slight breeze came through the door as Gwen closed, revealing to her some of the blonde Futa's breast, showing that she wasn't wearing a bra. She turned to face the stunned redhead and tilted her head in confusion, full lips pouting out. Were it not for the fact that she was about 5'8'', Gwen would have thought she were a child trying to dress up like an adult.

"What's wrong?" She asked.

"Uh, n-nothing." Gwen answered, struggling to keep her eyes away from Allie's top, where her cleavage showed clearly. The blonde smirked at her.

"Someone likes what they see." She giggled. Before Gwen could reply, Allie continued, "I'm actually kinda surprised you live here."

"Well, it's about all I can afford." She replied, looking down.

"I never said it was bad, Gwen. It's just that when you mentioned one of your mums was in porn, I figured you live in a big apartment or something." Allie amended.

"My parents told me that I'd have to make my own way when I moved out. They send some money every month, but it's not enough for living and all that." She explained.

"Damn, kind of harsh ain't it?" Allie said, grimacing a little.

"Not really. It's fair honestly. I'm living on my own so I should support myself." She said.

"Guess so... Anyway, I didn't come here to critique your lifestyle, I came to help you grow." Allie sat down on the bed and smirked at Gwen, "So, do you want to start now? Or try and seduce me? Either way, I'm pumping a massive load down that pretty throat of yours." The redhead stared at for a second, before walking over, licking her lips as she did so. It was strange to her how forthright Allie was, just stating her intentions aloud as she had done, but at the same time she was grateful for it. Gwen knew she would've just made it incredibly awkward for herself.

She walked over to where Allie was sitting. The blonde grinned up at her and nodded down at her crotch, where the bulge was far more noticeable now, as her arousal fuelled its growth. Gwen said nothing as she fell to her knees and reached up with her hands to undo the zipper, only to realise it was slowly coming undone itself.

"I've been looking forward to this." Allie told her, to which Gwen merely gave her a small smile as she undid the zip the rest of the way. With a deep, lustful inhale, she reached into the shorts and grasped the thickest cock she'd ever felt. Its heat was unlike any other as well, almost feeling like would burn her hand, unless that was her own lust. It didn't matter either way.

She pulled it free and gasped at the sight. It was still mostly flaccid, and already it was at least a foot long. It was only a little thinner than her wrist, but that would soon change once it was erect, and she had every intention of bringing it to such a state herself. With the shaft freed, Gwen dove back in to try and get those balls out. As her hand busied itself with that goal, she leaned down to the floppy cock, licking around the uncircumcised head and using her tongue to peel back the skin. Allie let out a small moan.

Gwen's hand finally pulled her testicles free. Her eyes went wide at the sight. Allie chuckled at her expression, petting her head gently.

"I thought you'd like them." She said and Gwen simply nodded. She used a hand to jerk the cock, while she leaned beneath it, placing her lips at those balls. Their taste was equalled by the musk emanating from the cock, the sweat from being kept in those tight pants only aiding the scent. Gwen kissed the cantaloupe sized orbs all over, trailing her lips over them, before licking at them almost like how a mother cat cleaned its kitten. As she worked, Gwen felt the shaft in her hand growing bigger.

Only when the sac of skin was covered in a sheen of her spit did she pull away. The sight that beheld her almost took her breath away; Allie's cock was almost at full size, if her boasts were to be believed. It was at least fifteen inches long at that moment, something Gwen was going to change. The shaft was only semi-hard, still soft to the touch and mostly flexible. Determined to change that quickly, Gwen pulled it down and opened her mouth wide, taking the head inside. It was like her mind went completely blank the moment she did so.

When she returned to reality, Gwen was panting and laying on her back. She looked around in a daze. Her mind was sluggish, as if she had been sleeping for a while.

"You alright, Gwen?" Allie asked, bringing the redhead back to reality as she focused on the blonde, who's now flaccid cock was hanging between her legs, a single drop of cum on the head. Gwen sat up and reached a hand out, catching the drop before it could fall and licked it from her finger. She remembered it all, how she had sucked Allie's massive prick, while her hands worshipped those bountiful balls beneath it. Then came the flood of semen.

"Geez, don't scare me like that. I thought you'd passed out on me." Allie sighed in relief, while Gwen looked down at herself, noting her bloated middle.

"Sorry about that... just how much cum did you make?" She asked in awe. If the size of her stomach was anything to go by, Allie had produced almost as much as the muscular Futa had done yesterday.

"I've always been pretty prolific since I got this thing. My first orgasm was at like nine inches and I think I came like 600mls, maybe more. I haven't tried to guess since then, but I'd say maybe three or four litres now." Allie explained, leaning back and sighing happily, "Though I gotta say, you give one hell of a blowjob." Gwen blushed at that.

"Uh, th-thanks." She said and patted her stomach, feeling the cum slosh about from it. She hadn't paid it any mind when she'd woken up, but she now realised that all the semen from before had basically vanished. Gwen didn't question it, since it was incredibly convenient, and she had an idea as to why it was gone so fast. If she had to guess, it was due to the drug in her body, breaking it down and using it to fuel her body's changes. With her breath back, she looked at Allie.

"I was wondering, um, would you mind going shopping with me? I kind of need some bras." She explained. Allie, still with a content grin on her face, nodded.

"Sure. I'm surprised you didn't buy any already though."

"I, uh, don't really know what to look for, since I've never had to buy them before." She said, though it was mostly an excuse. She remembered most of what her mother had said, but she wanted to spend more time with Allie, just as friends, "Oh yeah, that reminds me I've gotta call my mums and tell them about Diana's experiment."

"Okay... By the way, I never got your last name." Allie asked, standing up and stretching. She began to put her cock back into her shorts, when Gwen answered her.

"Oh, it's Anderson." Allie froze instantly, "What is it?"

"Your mum's Beverly Anderson?" She asked in disbelief.

"Um, yeah. Why?" Gwen frowned at her. 

"Do you have any idea how famous she is?" Allied asked her, dumbfounded. Gwen shrugged.

"She never told me anything about her work life and I didn't ask. Plus I don't watch porn."

"Damn, girl. Your mum is like the hottest Futa on the planet and you had no idea." She said in disappointment.

"Well, I knew she's really good looking, but I never gave it that much thought." She replied and began dialling her mother's number, hoping she wouldn't be busy. While she waited for her to pick up, Allie mouthed to her 'can you ask if she'll sign my dick?' Gwen rolled her eyes at her.

"Hello?"

"Hi mum."

"Gwen? Haven't heard from you in ages," She said, laughing slightly, "What took you so long?"

"Just been busy I guess. Anyway, um, I called because I met this woman called Diana..." Allie sat silently as Gwen explained the experiment to her parent, "And I was wondering if you knew anyone who'd be interested?" She finished.

"Wow. That does sound amazing. I can think of a few people who'd be willing, and I think I can convince a few of my friends to endorse it if that'll help." She offered, "Tell her I'll send some girls her way soon enough. Anything else, sweetheart?"

"Um, no, not really. Sorry to ask for so much suddenly."

"Nonsense, if this Diana is a friend of yours, I'm more than happy to help."

"Thanks, mum." Allie looked at her pleadingly.

"Ask her, please?" She whispered. Gwen sighed.

"Hey mum, um, one more thing."

"Sure thing, sweetie."

"Well, a friend of mine is a huge fan of yours. And she was, uh, wondering if you would, um, sign her cock." On the other end of the line, Gwen heard her chuckle.

"Sure thing, I'll come down as soon as I can, in the meantime give her a kiss for me." She said. Gwen heard someone call her name, "Oh, sorry, gotta go. Next time, don't wait so long to call, okay honey?"

"Sure Mum, I'll talk to you later. Love you." With that, she hung up and breathed a sigh of relief.

"Well?" Allied pressed, eyes wide in anticipation.

"She said she'll sign your cock when she can come down. Also," Gwen leaned over quickly and kissed Allie on the lips, "She wanted me to give that to you." Allie giggled slightly.

"Damn, I think I love your mum already."

"She also said that she'd send a few women to Diana soon." Gwen added, though Allie seemed lost in a fantasy, "Now come on, I've had my breakfast, so let's go shopping." She said, bringing the blonde out of her own mind.

"Oh yeah, sure. Let's go." Allie replied and pointed to the door like a leader of an army, "Onward to the bra store!" She exclaimed, making Gwen laugh at her.

"Come on, let's go General Big Dick." She said and opened the door. Gwen almost forgot about her bloated stomach, until she stepped outside and felt it the semen sloshing around inside her. Maybe I shouldn't go out right now, she thought. Before she could further second guess her choice, Allie pushed her aside playfully and shut the door.

"Let's go get you some bras." With that Gwen sighed and decided she'd just have to deal with her swollen middle.

Hours later, Gwen stumbled into her room and all but collapsed onto her bed. Several bags falling to the floor.

"Geez, Allie," She groaned, "Why'd you have to drag me to all those places?"

"What's the matter? It was my treat, and you needed a better wardrobe." Allie replied, stepping inside and setting down a few of her own bags.

"I don't wear those kinds of clothes." She said, turning her head to the side and looking back at all the bags around her room. Only about three of them had stuff Allie had bought for herself. 
