 The redhead almost felt sad that she had eaten lunch, knowing she would need all the room she could get, but at the same time, she knew her body would expand as needed. A gallon a person, she thought, and knew today would leave her little more than a human balloon of cum.

"How many are there?" She asked, already taking off her blouse. Allie's eyes naturally fell on her friend's chest, her dick giving a twitch in her pants.

"Well, we weren't able to get as many, since their size is a far bit above the average. Last count, there was 62-" She was cut off by Allie, who stepped forward, waving her hand.

"Make that 63. I wanna volunteer." Allie said, pulling her own shirt off. Diana frowned at her, but only sighed. Gwen couldn't be certain, but she thought the brunette looked envious of her girlfriend.

"Okay, 63 Futanari are present. Gwen, remember if it gets too rough in there, just let us know. Allie, you'd better keep an eye on her, or else." The blonde went slightly pale, knowing full well what the 'or else' entailed.

"Got it." She said quickly, saluting as if she were in the military. Diana sighed, but gave her a slight grin. Allie moved to sit in the middle, looking back at Gwen, "See you there, Red." She said and winked in passing.

"Yeah." The redhead finished stripping down, her six inch cock on display, as were her impressive breasts. She took a deep breath through her nose, the musk of all the gathered Futa swirling through her, the scent enough to arouse her. Her cock gave a twitch, expanding an inch as her desire began to rise.

"You ready?" Diana asked, trying to keep her eyes away from her friend's naked body.

"Yep, see you in a bit." She said and walked to the centre. As she made her way to the middle, Gwen thought back to all that had happened over the past two weeks, and how she had changed. It wasn't just her physical body, though it had indeed altered far more than she'd ever expected, but at how her thought process had changed over that time. At the beginning she would have never walked so willingly into all of this.

She would have second guessed herself every step of the way. Gwen knew if her old self could see her, she would be amazed, shocked even. But it was for the best, of that much she was certain. She felt confident, a feeling she'd never experienced before. She noticed the Futa around her watching her, their eyes on one of three places; her breasts, ass or cock, which was currently hardening slowly from the lustful stares. Gwen couldn't believe it, but she felt sexy.

All her life, she'd passed by unnoticed by most. She was the quiet girl in the corner, the one who side stepped people in the hallway while reading a book on her phone, who rarely said anything more than two words to anyone else. Now however, she was naked and walking among five dozen Futanari, all of whom had their massive cocks in hand, jerking them slowly as they watched her. Gwen saw them all from the corner of her eye, the sight bringing her own cock to its second erection. She had to wonder if her own cum would help fuel her growth.

Not that she would need it, she thought as she reached the centre of the pool. Allie waved at her from the side, where she sat cross-legged with her cock resting on one of her legs. Gwen smiled at her. She had plenty of willing resources all around her, whether they were friends or just strangers looking to dump their massive loads down her throat. As she knelt down and looked around, Gwen thought about how she might end up after this. With a grin she gestured to Allie to start things off.

The blonde Futa was on her feet in an instant. Her cock swayed with her steps as she moved over to Gwen, who opened her mouth wide to accept it. As though it were an unspecified signal, the moment the redhead took the cock into her mouth, other Futanari moved over to her. Before she could even reach halfway down Allie's prick, she was surrounded by a circle of Futa, their cocks in hand and aimed at her. All of them were already a foot long and still soft.

Gwen pulled off the blonde's dick and looked at them.

"Hey there... um, I know... bigger Futanari like to be rough. As long as I don't pass out, and no one fucks me, anything goes." She said and returned to Allie's cock. Those around her, moved instantly. They picked her up, forcing her onto her hands and knees, all while making sure the blonde's dick never left her mouth. One took up position beneath her, sandwiching her cock between Gwen's large breasts, while another began to saw theirs between her thighs, rubbing against her cock, balls and pussy. The redhead moaned loudly around Allie's cock.

It was the first time her genitals had been stimulated by another person. She hadn't even touched her cock in such a way before either, being too focused on all the other stuff happening and not being one to masturbate. But now, there was a cock between her legs, its thick, pulsating length pressing against her pussy, which drooled its copious desire. Her balls, though still small in comparison to her cock, were also being stimulated by the prick. But her cock was at the forefront of her mind.

As it was rubbed by another of its kind, Gwen let out a gasp and moan of surprise. One of the Futanari had reached around, wrapping a hand around her now erect twelve inch cock. It was unbelievable to her. The sensation of another person's hand around her, stroking the length with the intent of giving her pleasure. All the while, Gwen's hands were wrapped around their own cocks, each so thick her fingers fell miserably short of meeting around them. She could feel each and every thick vein along the lengths.

Two more crouched on either side of her. Gwen knew what they were gonna do, and pressed her arms to her sides, the two Futa pushing between the limbs and her chest. Despite having told them that they could be as rough as they wanted, so long as she didn't pass out from it or lose her virginity, they were being rather tame. She felt one sit their cock between her slightly expanded ass cheeks. Gwen almost felt disappointed by this.

"Ooh, got a surprise for you, Red. I'll finish in you later." Allie said and stepped away. Gwen moaned in need, but didn't pull away from the others using her. She breathed deeply through her mouth and nose, practically able to taste the potent musk of all the Futa around her, but she wanted something filling her orifice. Before she could start begging, a Futanari stepped forward and silenced Gwen's desires. The redhead didn't feel she was understating the Futa when she called her massive.

They were fairly average in appearance. Their body was slim, though with lightly defined muscles across her form. Their breasts weren't large either, possibly B cups. Gwen forced herself to look at their face, seeing the glimmer of pure, unbridled lust in her eyes. She also took note of their pure, white hair. Gwen swallowed and spoke.

"I'm Gwen." She introduced herself, despite panting out of need. 

"I'm Kona, nice to meet you." She said, her voice high and sweet. Gwen couldn't quite tell, due to her position, but she swore the newcomer was somehow smaller than her, and yet her cock was enormous. Kona stopped a few steps away from Gwen, and yet her cock was still only inches from her face. The redhead leaned forward, tongue extended out of need. It was the biggest cock she had ever seen, in every sense of the word.

Gwen developed tunnel vision. Even as her hands masturbated two different pricks, her hips danced of their own accord to pleasure the dicks there, and her breasts were wrapped around a thick cock. She was focused solely on the massive prick teasing her. She looked up at Kona, eyes wide and pleading. If she had been thinking clearly, she would have felt surprised by how she was acting, how she was all but begging for this one cock, even while she was being used by so many others. Gwen needed it.

Kona smirked down at her, stroking her cock while Gwen watched.

"So, slut, you want this?" Gwen nodded and moaned in desire, "You want to suck on my fat fucking cock?" Again, the redhead nodded, "You want the load my huuuuge balls have for you?" Kona said, drawing out the description. Gwen finally brought her eyes down, seeing beyond the cock that engulfed her vision. She whimpered in need, the sound akin to a dog. Kona's balls were, like her prick, the biggest she'd seen.

"I've got some good genes, slut. If I don't cum for more than three hours, my balls start swelling really quick. And it only gets worse the longer I wait. And I haven't cum since yesterday." Gwen gulped at the words, knowing there was a literal flood contained within that taut sac. She recalled last time, when she had seen a set of testicles the size of soccer balls. These were bordering on beach ball size.

Kona grinned at Gwen, seeing her desire.

"I'm not sure you could handle it though. My orgasms tend to last a long, long time. You might pass out." She said, "That was one of your rules, right? Not to pass out?" Gwen whined again, looking at the head of Kona's cock in need. She licked her lips, and leaned forward as far as she could, managing to plant a kiss on the tip. Her nostrils flared as she took in the overwhelming musk. Kona grinned at her, having not showered that morning, allowing the redhead to experience all the natural scents of her giant cock. Gwen licked at the tip in desire.

"Guess it doesn't matter to you after all, slut." Kona noted with a sneer. Allie chuckled from the side. She had known Kona since middle school, hence why she had called her up for today. The white haired Futa was incredibly sweet, probably the kindest person Allie had ever met. While it may look to be at odds with what she was doing at that moment, it was just another side of her kindness. Allie had told her about Gwen, and how the redhead was having trouble coming out of her shell. Kona offered to try and help with that.

And now, she was teasing Gwen relentlessly. While Kona was as nice as anyone could possibly be, she did have a habit of skipping her showers in the mornings. As such, her cock tended to have a powerful scent, something Gwen seemed to be enjoying. The heady scent of sweat and the natural smell of such a monstrous cock, both worked in tune to bring Gwen's lust to a point that she'd never thought possible. The redhead's cock throbbed in need, while the Futa continued to pump it.

Kona glanced at Allie, who just nodded in encouragement. The white haired Futa smiled slightly, before returning her attention back to Gwen, who was licking as much of the tip as she could. Kona took a step forward, using both of her small hands to steady her cock as she rubbed the head against the redhead's cheeks, coating them in her musk. Gwen didn't resist it, relaxing and letting her tongue loll out to lick at the head whenever she could. It wasn't long before the scent of the cock permeated the air around her.

"So what'll it be, slut?" Kona asked, pulling back to wave her cock in front of the redhead's eyes. The tip was leaking pre-cum now, only adding to the tantalising sight. Gwen hadn't heard her before, her mind too focused on the two foot cock to pay much attention to anything else. But she heard it then. Was she really a slut now? She thought, eyes wide, but unable to look away from the prick she so desired. She wanted that cock... she wanted its cum...

Kona looked down at her. The look in her eyes made it clear that Gwen wouldn't get anything, unless she admitted to her desires. But, I'm not a slut, she thought. Her mind begged to differ, recalling all the times she had debased herself now, and how she had gleefully taken load after load hundreds of strangers at a time. If she wasn't a slut now, what was she? Gwen tried to stop her mind, to turn it off and just enjoy herself, but she wanted an answer as well. She wanted to know what she was now.

The cock continued to sway in front of her. Kona didn't seem in any rush to cum. The world seemed to revolve around Gwen and that cock now, the rest of the Futa around her fading entirely into the background. 'You've gotta take a look at yourself from an outside perspective, Red'. Allie's voice rang in her mind. 'I want to be bigger... much bigger'. This time it was her own voice in her mind.

"Guess I should just go, since you clearly don't want my cock." Kona said, bringing Gwen's attention back to reality.

"N-n-no... d-don't." She barely whispered.

"Hmm? What was that, slut?" The big dicked Futa asked, pushing her cock ever so slightly closer. Gwen gulped loudly, panting through her open mouth, a drop of her spit running down the side of her mouth. Did it really matter if she was a slut? Almost everyone else was, and the world was doing just fine. No, she thought. She wasn't a slut... she just needed that cum. She just needed to say it and then she could grow some more. Gwen took a deep breath, praying she got some of her mother's acting ability.

"I want it." She said, "I don't care if I pass out, just give me your cum." It almost surprised her how easily she said it with such conviction. With that, her mouth fell open as wide as possible just as Kona thrust her hips, burying the head in the redhead's mouth. Gwen's groaned in discomfort from her jaw stretching so far, but knew it would fade when she finally got what she wanted. Kona moaned lowly as the head was encased in Gwen's slavering maw.

Gwen licked as best she could around it. Her mouth was stretched as far as it could, her jaw somehow handling it, despite the cock being a fair amount thicker than her fist. Around her, she could hear the other Futa gasping in awe as she took it. Those using the rest of her body seemed oblivious, not reacting to the sight of such a large Futa. As Gwen tried to force more into her mouth, her mind finally noticed the others using her.

She had assumed them all to be erect. This was based on how large they felt to her, but now they only seemed to growing. Gwen couldn't help but moan as she felt them expand against her body, knowing that if their size was any indication, she would absolutely be drenched in cum by the end of this. A thought crossed her mind, of the pool she was held in being filled to the brim. It was larger than a bathtub, meaning it could take several dozen gallons, easily. Gwen tightened her hands around the cocks.

While she had no idea where it came from, Gwen just knew she wanted to make them all cum. Not just once either, but over and over again. She wanted the pool to be full of nothing but semen, for her to bathe in it. Had she really been lying before, when she told herself she wasn't a slut? Gwen mentally shook her head, even as she sucked on the massive prick before her. 

Its taste was unlike any other she'd had. It was strong, overwhelming even. The flavour of sweat and what she knew must have been a pussy mixing together with the pre-cum beading at its tip, all working in symphony to make her want more. She couldn't help but think that this was dirty, almost as bad as with Ashleigh, but it only encouraged her. It was like some other part of her pushing her to taste more. Kona seemed to agree with it, thrusting forward to bury a few more inches into the redhead's willing throat.

Gwen gagged around it. She couldn't help it, even after the abuse her throat had seen in the past, Kona's cock was simply too great. Her eyes watered from it, however she looked around. It was almost unbelievable. All around her Futanari had their cocks in hands, that on its own was unremarkable, but it was the sheer size of them all. Diana hadn't lied, the smallest one there looked to be a foot and a half, and she was currently sucking on the biggest she had seen thus far. Allie walked up to her, cock rock hard and swaying in time with her steps.

She said nothing, merely poked Gwen's cheeks. She and Kona shared a look, and the white haired Futa pulled out. Before the redhead could take more than a single deep breath, her mouth and threat were violated once more, Allie moaning as her cock was engulfed. Unlike Kona, she didn't pause as she pushed forward until all eighteen inches of her dick were encased in Gwen's gullet, gasping when she'd finally hilted inside. Gwen moaned as her nose was pressed against her blonde friend's crotch. 

Suddenly, she yanked her shaft out. As before, Gwen got little more than a single breath, only for Kona to ram her own massive cock deep inside. Allie must have opened up the passage somewhat, since the two foot, incredibly thick head sunk deep into her throat, several more inches than before. Allie was happily masturbating while she watched, before reaching down to Gwen's neck, where it bulged out with Kona's unbelievable girth. 

After a few moments, she seemed to reach her limit. Gwen's mouth was freed rapidly, taking as many ragged breaths she could, before Allie reclaimed her position. And so it went. Her throat was abused first by one cock, only to be replaced by one a good six inches bigger and a great deal thicker. In her hands, the cocks suddenly jumped, their owners letting out sudden cries of pleasure as their orgasms overcame them. Seeing this, Allie, who was using Gwen's throat at the time, released her. Before she could say anything, Gwen was turned to face the cumming cock.

She caught one breath before it rammed into her throat like the others. Even so, she moaned around it, feeling cum gushing into her throat over and over. Her stomach filled with the thick fluid. When they were done, the Futa pulled out with a sigh and moved out of the way. The other Futa also came, however she chose to spray Gwen's back and hair in her seed, while Kona rammed her cock into the redhead's throat. The cum had made it slick, allowing her easier entry.

Whether it was her imagination or not, Gwen swore she could feel it in her stomach. Kona moaned out happily, finally hilting her two foot prick inside her throat, her massive balls slamming into Gwen's breasts and rubbing the cock there. The Futa must have been close, since they suddenly cried out and came, spraying cum over the redhead's chest, chin and Kona's balls. Gwen moaned at the warm liquid.

They stood and left, only to be replaced by another immediately after. Gwen hardly noticed her though, as her mouth and throat were abused by the biggest cock she'd seen. Kona's moans were growing louder and more frequent, the thick veins across her tumescent cock throbbing powerfully. Gwen's hands were freed briefly, the other Futa's no doubt too caught up in the sight to notice. She brought up to Kona's balls, stroking them as best she could.

The small statured Futa let out a low coo of pleasure. Her pace increased, causing Gwen to gag again, her spit pouring into her mouth and cover the massive cock ramming in and out of her. Her hands were pulled away however, as two new Futanari took up position, having her hands service them. She moaned at this, the sound partly made out of pleasure, and out of disappointment. Kona seemed to understand as she pulled out, but didn't step aside. Instead, she stood on her tip toes and allowed Gwen access to her massive testicles.

The redhead looked up at her through blurred eyes. Her gag reflex had become suppressed, however her eyes still watered from the abuse her throat had taken. Kona swayed back and forth on her feet, her balls hanging before Gwen's mouth as she realised what was happening, and leaned in, planting a delicate kiss on one, and then the other. She heard the Futa groan in disappointment. Gwen smirked mentally, as she suddenly began licking all over the taut sac, intending to clean it of any cum or sweat. Her tongue ran over the smooth flesh.

Kona's musk was far stronger there. Every breath through her nose had Gwen moaning in want, her thoughts focusing on each giant orb, eagerly lapping at them. She would kiss them, licking where she did so, seeking to pleasure every inch as best she could. Her hands continued to jerk the two Futanari, but not without some trepidation. She wanted to heft those balls in her hands, to feel the sheer weight of Kona's testicles, which contained a veritable flood of cum. Gwen felt a strange pressure building in her gut.
