 Little else happened the rest of the day. Gwen cleaned up her cum from the floor, bending over and crouching a struggle with her stomach so large, but she couldn't enjoying it. The way it gave under her touch, the semen sloshing within her. She didn't know how to describe it, even to herself, it was simply an enjoyable feeling. Even so, she felt the faint need to make it bigger even though she was already struggling to keep it down. Gwen had to pause frequently as she cleaned up her mess.

It didn't seem to matter to her that it was semen from her own body. She licked her lips as she wiped it away, almost lamenting the view of her floor without the splatters of white. Nevertheless, she continued her work and was soon finished. With her job done she waddled to her bed, sighing contently when she sat down, her belly wobbling from the jolt. She eyed the camera, the lens pointed directly at her bed and blushed, thinking that what Kona had done to her was recorded on it. Biting her lower lip, Gwen stood and walked over to it.

Even though she had experienced the real thing just minutes ago, she wanted to see it. She wanted to act like an outsider, watching two horny Futanari going at it. Her cock gave a twitch of desire at the thought, despite having cum a short time ago. Leaning down, her stomach pressing against her legs. Gwen couldn't help smiling at the feeling.

If anything, it felt like a small waterbed to her. The comparison, made her chuckle lightly, while she brought up the video. Her eyes widened as she watched. Her cock had looked large to her, though she only had her eyes to rely on, as she had not taken a picture that morning when her cock was erect, but now she was able to see it clearly. She had already guessed to have been a foot long, but that number hadn't seemed quite as large as it did now. Particularly as Kona knelt before it.

Gwen felt that same cock pulse against her thigh. She hadn't gotten dressed after her first blowjob, and she could see her prick rising from the corner of her vision, even though she was watching herself getting hard on screen. As she continued to watch, Gwen couldn't ignore her real needs any further. Her cock was twitching now, pre dripping from the tip. The head was pressing against her stomach as well, deforming the surface and making her gasp in surprise from the heat of it. She would have thought that after so long, the seed would have chilled. But it was still as warm as when she had swallowed it.

Knowing Kona would no doubt appreciate it, Gwen set the camera to record. She was blushing again, though the heat in her face was partially from her embarrassment, there was her arousal as well. She moved back to the same place she had sat when Kona had sucked her, and wrapped her hand around her length, gasping as she did so. After what had happened that day, she would've thought she'd adjust to it by then, but if anything it only felt better. Was her sensitivity increasing?

It didn't matter to her though. If that were the case, it only meant more pleasure. Gwen began to pump her hand, moaning as she did so. She let her head fall back, eyes closing as she let the sensations fall over her. As she pleasured herself, Gwen let her other hand roam over her body. She was still wearing her shirt, the material taut around her gut. Even so, she groped herself.

Her breasts were amazing. She almost cursed herself for neglecting them since they grew in. Naturally, she'd played with them, but never in this manner. Every breath she took made them rise and fall, her hand hovering over one, with each inhale pressing the breast into her palm. The heat she felt only rose with each touch, her hand tight around her cock now. She wanted to feel that pleasure again, her dick spewing a thick load that she knew would only get bigger and bigger with every passing day. Unbidden, she couldn't help imagining what it'd be like if she had a five foot prick.

She didn't stop herself. Unlike before, Gwen only wanted to bask in her closet perversions. Her hand moved faster now, her fingers almost seeming to wish they were wrapped around something far thicker. In her mind, the cock was lengthening with every stroke, while her balls grew in tandem. Her moans became louder.

"I wanna be big... so, fucking big." She moaned aloud, uncaring that what she said was being recorded, "three feet, five feet... oh god, more..." She continued. She didn't hear herself anymore, her consciousness consumed by her lust for pleasure. The camera caught it all, storing the footage away for Kona to see later, and eventually many others. Gwen's moans rose higher and higher, as her third climax with her cock rocked trough her. She cried out as cum sprayed from her prick.

When it was over, she laid back. Cum dripped from her tip while her cock gradually went soft, returning to its former six inch state. Gwen felt content once again, to the point that she was even drowsy, her mattress seeming to call out to her. She resisted for the meantime, recalling what Kona had told her and stood, removing her blouse. She looked down with a smile at her stomach, the sight yet to lose its lustre to her. With a yawn, Gwen climbed beneath the covers and fell asleep quickly.

As she slept, the camera caught everything. Unlike the outdated tech from the first decade of the 21st century, it didn't require night vision to see, even though it sacrificed some quality for it. Even so the image clarity was far better than the highest rated films of that era. The redhead rolled over onto her back a few hours into her slumber, panting lightly. Her face was flushed, lips parted and the occasional moan escaping them. Like always, she never awoke.

In her sleep, her cock grew hard as stone. The covers had been thrown away haphazardly by her sleeping body, baring her form to the camera, and the view of her shaft steadily rising up from her crotch. Unlike the previous times, it wasn't exceptionally fast. The length steadily reached its current peak of twelve inches, but, as the camera continued its duty, it only grew past that. Minutes passed by.

Her cock was rapidly approaching Allie's size. Her girth exceeding her wrist now, and the length was now at sixteen inches. Even so it showed little sign of slowing down, millimetres being added with every couple of seconds, which turned to inches within only a few minutes. As if aware of the artificial audience it had, Gwen's body turned onto its side, the head of her growing cock now hanging inches off the edge. More importantly, the new angle gave the camera a perfect view of her balls.

As her cock finally began to cease its growth, Gwen's testicles started their own. Her cock looked to be a massive twenty inches at that time, not far off Kona's giant prick. Throughout her growth over the past two weeks, Gwen's balls had remained fairly small, no bigger than golf balls. Now, after the massive meal she had been given, they seemed to have the fuel needed to match her penis. A moan passed through her lips as her legs spread slightly to give her sac room.

The flesh of her scrotum was slightly wrinkled at that time. The skin was loose due to her balls not being large enough to truly make use of it, however that was quickly changing. The camera had a red light blinking on and off, to signal that it was recording. With each cycle, her balls visibly grew. By the time a minute had passed, her formerly golf ball sized testicles had grown to match a racquetball, and only seemed determine to reach new levels. As it did so, her upper body began to alter.

Unlike the many nights prior, it wasn't just her chest that changed. Gwen's face, while cute to most, saw several subtle alterations. They were minor to say the least, easily missed without taking a closer look. Her lips turned ever so slightly fuller, gaining a natural pout as they did so, while her lashes thickened and her cheeks reshaped minutely. Not even the camera was able to fully pick up the changes.

The more notable modifications were lower down. Gwen moaned again, the sound louder than before and distinctly lewd. Her head leaned on its side, lips parted while her breasts began to expand, the pace in sync with her balls. Larger and larger they grew, slowing to almost a standstill within ten minutes. Even so, they had grown from her recent G cups, jumping at least two more cup sizes higher. The teardrop shaped orbs sitting high on her chest, perky despite their size.

Despite her sleeping state, Gwen's hand lifted to her improved bust. She moaned again, hands mashing against the new J cups she sported, her nipples in perfect proportion with the massive bust. As if guided by an unseen force, her hands trailed down her torso, running over her now taut stomach and to her cock. It was gradually returning to a flaccid state, her arousal fading as dawn began to break. Her hands reached her balls, each one filling her palms completely. They were the size of baseballs.

The camera had a pre-set timer for its recording. It would stop after four hours after the button was pressed, as such it stopped as Gwen turned over, but not before catching her smile in her sleep. The morning came soon enough, its light casting through her curtain, though failing to rouse her from her sleep. It wasn't until her phone rang, clanging loudly against her wooden table, and shocked her awake that she opened her eyes. Gwen quickly realised what it was and groaned, reaching over to answer.

"Hello?" She asked, groggily.

"Wow, Allie was right. You really do sleep forever." Came the voice of Kona from the other side. She sounded excited, the level of her voice causing Gwen to hold her phone away from her ear.

"H-hi, Kona," She replied, sitting up, before frowning, "How'd you get my number?"

"Allie gave it to me. Anyway, she and I are on the bus to your place when she mentioned your sleeping habits. So I figured I'd give you a heads up."

"Aww, and we could've woken up with our cocks in her face." Allie whined in the background, though she only sounded mildly disappointed. Gwen had to admit the idea of being woken up by them, naked and with their cocks in front of her face, had her pussy flushed in an instant. Her eyes widened at the thought.

"Thanks, Kona. I'll see you guys soon." She said and hung up quickly. Gwen glanced at her hand holding the phone, and noticed it shaking slightly out of worry. Ever since the experiment started, she'd felt those kind of urges time and time again, but never as potently as then. While she let herself go when she went to the university, she'd assumed it was due to the pheromones or something along those lines. Gwen frowned in worry.

Was she really becoming a slut? By definition, a slut was someone who was willing to have sex with just about anyone, so long as it was good. Gwen's finger began tapping her leg again. She wasn't a slut, she told herself silently. She may enjoy what she did, but it was strictly oral. Her virginity, both her cock's and pussy's, was still intact and she'd yet to feel any true desire for that to change. But at the same time, it was impossible to deny how much she looked forward, or rather, craved semen now. She was already licking her lips subconsciously at the thought of both Allie and Kona coming.

Gwen would have to bring it up with Diana. The brunette seemed like the only person who'd actually be concerned about her gradual shift in personality. Deciding it could wait for then, she stood and almost fell back, unused to her new proportions. Steadying herself, Gwen looked down at her body and couldn't hold back a smirk, greeted almost immediately by a pair of breasts that looked as big as her head. They even obscured her cock, forcing her to lean forward.

Gwen gasped in surprise. She had expected a growth of maybe a few inches, but it had surpassed her expectations. Now it resembled her erection, at least as it was yesterday, swaying between her knees at twelve inches. Curious, she lightly wrapped a hand around it, biting her lip to hold back her moan. It was actually thicker than her erection had been to her surprise. Lifting it, she gasped at the sight of her balls, each of them almost double their former size.

"It's like a pair of baseballs." She noted to herself. Despite their much larger size, she couldn't help the disappointment that came when she realised that, with her erection now doubt being massive, her balls weren't even on par with Allie's. Although, she thought, if her growth continued on a similar path, then she'd surpass her blonde friend in no time. It brought a small smile to her face as she went to the showers.

They were in an add on to the main building. It made sense to an extent, as the room afforded to them allowed a small laundry room prior to entering, allowing people to set aside their clothes and even inspect themselves in the floor to ceiling mirror on a wall. There was no woman or Futa designation, as both were too similar and neither felt ashamed being naked around the other, though it did lead to a lot of shower sex. Gwen would often keep an eye out to make sure she never walked in on such a thing.

Now however, she didn't feel worried about it. If anything, she almost hoped for it. She had never really talked with anyone in the building, however she was aware that about half of the residents were Futanari. And, judging by how little she heard the sounds of pleasure through the relatively thin walls, they either weren't very large, or simply not very good at giving pleasure. Gwen almost couldn't help giggling at the thought of walking in with a cock that put most other Futa to shame.

Inside the changing room, Gwen set aside her clothes. She hadn't given a single thought to walking around naked, since it was only a short distance away. A breeze had ran over her nipples, bringing them to erection and sending a shudder of pleasure through her body. While she changed, Gwen couldn't help thinking how easily she'd adjusted to her new body. While it had been changing over time, she wouldn't have expected to so readily accept it all, particularly the massive prick between her legs. It was almost like she was meant to be a Futa.

The thought didn't seem all that farfetched to her. After all, both of her parents were Futa and she'd only ever felt truly attracted to women, even if it was just one in particular. Gwen smiled slightly to herself as she looked over her body in the mirror, thinking that she had never felt so comfortable in her own skin. She'd have to thank Diana properly, since the brunette was responsible for her changes.

With her clothes laid out for when she finished, Gwen entered the showers. It was essentially the same as those found in high schools, with optional stalls set up for those wanting privacy. Though as it was, shower heads lined the walls, detachable for purposes Gwen knew were sexual, despite having never used them in such a way. She had heard plenty of women using them on the other hand, a blush creeping onto her face as she recalled the times. She pushed the memories away and stepped inside.

The doors were perfect for sound proofing, though not intentionally so as far as Gwen knew. As she hadn't heard a shower running while outside, but as she walked in she caught sight of someone humming as they washed their hair. Looking down, Gwen gulped, noticing the person was a Futa. While their cock wasn't anything like her own, it was at least six inches in its current flaccid state. They didn't notice Gwen, who stopped dead in her tracks. Unconsciously, she licked her lips.

When she finally tore her eyes away from the shaft, she gasped. The Futa was incredibly familiar. Her hair was a slick, black colour, similar to those of Asian descent. In its soaked state, it fell heavily down her back, reaching her waist. Gwen looked over her face, noting a small scar over an eyebrow, while her lips were turned in a small smile as she hummed a tune to herself, hands reached up to work shampoo into her hair. Gwen's looked lower, gulping in want as she took the Futa's DD breasts, each capped by an erect nub. Her waist was slim and flared widely into her hips.

The Futa seemed to notice her audience after a moment and looked at Gwen. She smiled widely.

"Hey! You're that girl from the alley." She said and stepped out, walking towards the blushing redhead. Gwen was doing all she could to keep her gaze averted, hoping to keep her cock from growing erect.

"U-um, do I know you?" She asked, frowning slightly while keeping her eyes on a wall. The Futa leaned closer, her chest near to Gwen's own. She had an eyebrow raised.

"I should hope so, after you sucked me like you did." She explained and Gwen finally realised who she was.

"Ashleigh, right?" The redhead asked, looking into her eyes now.

"Yep. You never called me, I mean, I didn't honestly expect to, but still." Ashleigh said, her lips pouting slightly now. 

"S-sorry about that. Um, things got a l-little crazy for me." Gwen explained, stuttering slightly as she struggled to control herself. 

"I noticed. So you got some implants since I saw you?" She asked, turning and walking back to her shower, gesturing for Gwen to join her. The newly minted Futa felt her face burn even further, her embarrassment something she hadn't experienced to such a degree in quite some time.

"U-um, no... They, they're real." She said, taking a deep breath to calm herself and walked over, taking the shower two heads down from Ashleigh.

"Bullshit, I remember those puppies. They were pretty small when I saw you." Ashleigh denied, looking over at Gwen. Why don't you touch them and find out, the redhead thought, but stopped herself before she could say it aloud. Even so, she couldn't deny the fact that she wanted Ashleigh to touch her chest, while Gwen fell to her knees and licked at her cock. She reprimanded herself, forcing the thoughts aside before it got out of hand.

"I-I mean it, they're real." She affirmed, turning on the water and sighing contently as the warmth fell on her. It wasn't as nice as cum, but the water seemed to wash away any tension she'd been feeling, allowing her to relax. Or as much as she could with Ashleigh nearby. 

"Fine, let me touch 'em then." She said, looking over at the redhead.

"W-what?" Gwen responded, taken by surprise. She stared blankly at Ashleigh, who walked over quickly. Before the other Futa could formulate a proper response, she planted both of her hands firmly on each breast, eyes widening at how soft they felt. They had looked so firm to her eye, giving the implicating that the redhead had implants, but the sensation of marshmallow soft flesh on her hands was unmistakable. Ashleigh looked at Gwen.

"Well... guess I was wrong." She said, while the smaller Futa moaned at the touch. She felt it as blood began to rush to her cock, the massive length threatening to reach its full glory. Fortunately, she took control and pushed Ashleigh away.

"Told you so." She said and turned away. Ashleigh just sighed and walked back to her own stall.

"By the way, I'm surprised you needed to suck me off so bad. Considering the size of your own dick." She joked, making Gwen blush harder. Her cock had gained a few inches before she managed to suppress her arousal, while it hung from her crotch at a slight angle now. Ignoring Ashleigh's comment, she went about showering. Thankfully, nothing else happened and she was able to clean herself in piece.

When she was leaving, Ashleigh was getting dressed.

"Hey, um, sorry about that. I get pretty impulsive." She apologised, having noticed Gwen's flushed expression and uncomfortableness after being touched.

"Don't worry about it. It caught me by surprised. I'm not used to how sensitive these things are." She said without thinking, moving to her own clothes.

"So, how did they grow? There's no way someone had a growth spurt like that." She asked, narrowing her eyes slightly.
