 A single strand of spit connected them. Gwen didn't release the blonde, her hands massaging the clothed rear, covered by the tight, thin material of Allie's yoga pants. Though they weren't used for the art as much anymore, since most people were in near perfect shape now, with an inbuilt flexibility akin to circus performers' decades ago. Some still did it as a way to relax though.

Allie moaned as her lips were reclaimed. Gwen was gradually relaxing into the act now, her hips unconsciously grinding against her friend, who mimicked her perfectly. Both felt the other's cocks growing harder and harder. Gwen, taking the initiative for the first time, moved a hand between their bodies, moving it to Allie's firm F cup breasts, something she had learned of when they went shopping. Allie returned the favour, her hand expertly groping the redhead's sensitive breast.

Both were moaning into the kiss now. Kona felt her cock hardening at the sight, a glance down revealing the shape it bulging out against her leggings, every vein visible through the tight clothing. They wouldn't survive an erection, as such she stood and removed them. Unable to resist, she took a breath and walked over to the kissing pair. She tapped Gwen's shoulder to get attention.

The redhead pulled away from Allie, looking down at Kona in confusion. Before she could say anything, the white haired Futa leaned up and kissed her hungrily. Gwen did nothing to stop her, seeing Allie smirk out the corner of her eye, before she leaned down slightly to run her hand over the bulge in Gwen's pants. The redhead moaned and let her eyes fall shut, giving into her desires as she kissed Kona deeply. The smaller Futa moaning in return.

Eventually they had to pull apart. They were both panting for air, tongues lolling from their mouths with a strand of saliva tying them together, while looking into each other's eyes. Finally, Kona spoke.

"You... you're a really good kisser, Gwen." She said, still out of breath.

"You're just saying that." Gwen replied, not buying it. She had been sloppy, wanting nothing more than to taste the inside of her friend's mouth.

"I don't sugar coat things. I said you're good, and that's final." She replied, smiling up to the redhead, who leaned down to kiss her again. Allie stood up straight as they did so, pulling down her pants to reveal her rock hard length. The material was soaked with her pre-cum, parts of it beginning to tear from the strain of her sheer mass. Gwen felt something hot press against her, and looked down to see the blonde throw her top aside, revealing her braless chest.

"I think its time you had breakfast, Red. You haven't eaten yet have you?" She asked, gripping the base of her eighteen inch prick and waving it from side to side. Gwen moaned and suddenly pressed against Kona, forcing her mouth wide open as she pressed her tongue inside to subdue her own. She pulled back just as abruptly, the smaller Futa flushed and panting slightly, before stepping away. Gwen knelt down in front of Allie and took hold of her stone hard dick.

She licked around the engorged head. It was soft to the touch, while the shaft pulsed and refused to give under her fingers. The skin felt soft, contrasting with the bone like density. She lapped at the head, tasting Allie's pre-cum gleefully. Her hands were not still, stimulating the massive length as best she could, even though her fingers fell several inches short of meeting. Briefly sating her thirst, she lifted the prick with a small grunt of effort. Its weight was surprising as she held it above her head to gain access to the blonde's large balls.

Allie moaned low as Gwen laid a heated kiss on each cantaloupe sized testicle. Her sac was taut around them, the skin stretched smooth and even seemed feminine, all while thick veins pulsed powerfully along the massive expanse of flesh. The redhead let her tongue loll out with a lewd moan, running it along the scrotum, enjoying the heady flavour. Her nostrils flared as she pressed herself into them, taking in the pungent musk she adored, the scent making her confined cock twitch in longing. Kona seemed to notice this as she joined them.

The white haired Futa knelt on the floor. Her pants were strained against her semi-erect cock, its length throbbing against her thigh, seeming to cry out to be released. But she kept it contained for now. She wanted to see Gwen's in person, having witnessed the growth via the camera, however it was an entirely different thing to see something in person. Even with the advancements made in video technology.

She ran her hands over Gwen's chest. With a grin, she pulled up the snug tank top, releasing her bra clad breasts, only for the undergarment to be removed. Above her, Gwen moaned at the release, all the while trying to suck as much of Allie's balls as possible into her mouth. Kona leaned in, her lips mere inches from a hard nub. She exhaled against it, her warm breath causing the redhead to shudder in pleasure. The Futa grinned and leaned closer, her vision consumed by the bountiful tits. With a lick of her lips, Kona opened her mouth and took a nipple inside.

Gwen gasped and arched her back in shock. The sensation was completely new to her, sending a shockwave of pleasure throughout her entire body, causing her trapped cock to jump in its prison. It was almost like she'd had a miniuature orgasm. She panted, face flushed with pleasure and desire, as she let the cock fall back down to her eye level. She kissed its tip, licking a bead of pre that had built up, before open her own mouth wide as possible. Kona gave a sudden suck on her teat just as Gwen took Allie's cock into her mouth.

The taller Futanari moaned at the sensations. Kona simply grinned around the nipple as she shifted her position, pressing her leg and cock against Gwen's. There she began to softly grind herself against the redhead, while she moved a hand down her body, the other staying to grope the unattended tit. Gwen's muffled moans as her was filled once again with cock, were like music to Allie and Kona's ears, the small Futa wanting to hear more. To this end, she pressed her free hand against Gwen's bulging crotch.

With practiced ease, she began to undo the buttons. They popped free easily under her masterful fingers, each button undone making Gwen's cock throb powerful as its freedom neared. Kona continued to suck on the redhead's nipple, licking around the hard nub to tease her, before sucking hard for several seconds. When she pulled back to view it, the nipple was puffy and coated in her spit, shaking as if in want. She didn't deny as she took back inside.

The moment she locked her lips around the breast again, she released Gwen's prick. It burst free, rising up to strike against her chin. Kona's eyes widened at the feeling, her neck instantly being coated in a sudden burst of pre. She pulled away to behold it, raising her other hand to play with the now freed breast while she took in the sight. It was almost as big as her own.

Kona couldn't help but smirk at the sight. While her size was far above average, it wasn't entirely uncommon either, as such she couldn't help the excitement at the prospect of someone being just as big as her. It was such a rare occurrence for her. It was much like those who had an odd taste in movies or music and they met someone with a similar taste. To her, it felt like she had a connection to people of her size. Then she remembered that Gwen would easily outgrow her in just a few days.

She thought back to the footage she and Allie had looked over. While they had skipped at parts, both of them struggling to keep control of their libidos at the time, they had both caught Gwen's first self-masturbation moment and the words she had moaned out: 'I want to be big... so fucking big. Three feet, five feet... Oh god, more.' Like with the saying 'a drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts', the same held true for pleasure. Gwen wanted to be massive, even if she refused to admit it to herself.

Kona looked up at the redhead. Her mouth was stretched wide around Allie's cock, currently halfway in and only sinking deeper. Inch after thick, meaty inch being pushed over her tongue and down her gullet. Seeing this, Kona couldn't stop herself as she took the head of Gwen's vastly expanded cock into her own mouth, moaning at the strong flavour. It was different than any other dick she'd sucked on, even compared to before. It was sweeter somehow, in the most addictive way. Kona suckled on the head earning a large dollop of pre in reward.

All three moaned in tandem. Allie, from Gwen suddenly forcing herself down the last inches, while the redhead moaned from Kona's warm mouth, and the small Futa from the near ecstatic taste of the pre. Gwen, her cock still new to the feelings of someone's mouth, throbbed powerfully in Kona's mouth. The white haired Futa felt this and knew what threatened to release, but she was ready for it. Just as Gwen cried out in bliss, two comparatively small hands clasped around the base of her cock.

They completely cut off the flow of cum. All the same, Gwen moaned in ecstasy as she tried to release her sperm. With no output, it simply backed up into her balls, causing them to swell dramatically. Within just moments, they were over twice their original size. Each ball visibly pulsed with an indomitable need to cum. When the redhead's orgasm had calmed, Kona took a deep breath and began forcing herself down Gwen's tumescent cock. It was giant compared to her body, over a fifth of her height.

Even so, she was used to a similarly sized cock. Kona had been sucking Allie's cock for a long time, almost every chance they got to be alone, the two were naked and trying to take the other's cock in their throats. Neither wanted to fuck the other, wanting to save it for someone they cared for. It was common knowledge that religion was no longer as powerful in the world, or at least had been altered to better suit the new world. A fair amount of people still held some form of virtue as they preferred to save their 'purity' for someone they genuinely cared about.

Now she was attempting to take one two inches bigger. That in it of itself didn't seem quite so daunting however, it was a great deal thicker. Her jaw already ached from it, but Kona refused to give up. Before she let Gwen cum, she would deep throat the entirety of her cock. The redhead was already close to another climax, and Kona was only just approaching the halfway point. Gwen in the meantime, was thrusting her head back and forth as fast as possible on Allie's cock. All eighteen inches sinking into her throat before being removed rapidly.

Feeling another, stronger, orgasm building, Gwen stopped moving. She had stopped with the head of Allie's cock in her mouth, only lightly pressing against the entrance of her throat, while she breathed heavily through her nose. Kona was pushing down further and further, burying thirteen inches of cock in herself. As the smaller Futa moaned around the shaft invading her throat, Gwen gave another sharp cry of ecstasy. One again, Kona blocked off her cum.

Gwen grunted as her balls were forced to expand even further. One would expect them to gain the same amount of mass as before, however they all but exploded in size. From the softball size they had reached, to soccer balls and even then the expansion didn't end, as they reached basketball size. Only then did her climax fade. Gwen panted heavily on the end of Allie's cock, her body robbed of its strength. Knowing she couldn't handle much more, Kona steeled her resolve.

Allie meanwhile picked up Gwen's slack. Her hands caressed her face, bringing the redhead's half lidded gaze to her face. With a comforting grin that was tainted by her lust, she moaned and thrust her hips forward powerfully, while pulling Gwen down at the same time. She gagged loudly on it, but didn't resist. Kona relaxed her throat around the cock invading it, while forcing herself down further and further. The shape of Gwen's cock visible through her neck.

She didn't waste time. Kona had sixteen inches buried inside her now, and she knew Gwen wouldn't be able to last long after her two denied orgasms. The white haired Futa put a hand on Allie's leg, getting her attention and looked up at her as best she could. The blonde pouted, but seemed to understand as she pulled out and stepped away from Gwen, who looked at her in confusion. Before she could attempt to speak, Kona dived down and forced the last four inches into her body.

In that instant, Gwen released a cry that put her previous shouts to shame. Her body seized up, her obscenely swollen balls visibly pulsing as her orgasm washed over her. Kona moved quickly. She pulled herself off the redhead's throbbing cock, before Allie grabbed her head and pushed it down. Gwen's open mouth was suddenly filled by her own dick, the blonde forcing her down further so that her cum would spray directly down her oesophagus. The first wave of cum gushed into her stomach with all the power of a champion boxer's punch.

In that first release was enough cum to force her stomach to stretch largely. By the time the first deluge had ended, she looked six months pregnant, and the second quickly added to it. Kona moved away and stood, the action being the final straw for her leggings, as they tore around her two foot cock. She and Allie watched as Gwen swelled up more and more with her own cum, gush after incredible gush filling her. The blonde leaned down to her friend.

"Can you image the size she'll be when we're through with her?" She asked, eyes locked on the sight before her. Kona simply nodded, gulping loudly at the thought. The camera was catching it all, storing the footage away in Kona's cloud storage, where she could review later at her leisure. She grinned, thinking that she'd do so that night to prepare a bigger load for Gwen tomorrow. Recalling what was supposed to happen two days from then she looked up at Allie.

"How're you gonna outdo last time? There can't be many Futa in the city bigger than what you got last time." She asked, having heard that only about 10% of the world's Futanari population were bigger than two feet. And a mere 1% larger than those, but there had been one more than five feet. Therefore not quite big enough to qualify as Hypers, based on what Allie had told her.

"Don't worry. Diana and I were able to make some calls. I think Red's gonna love it." The blonde replied, eyes still glued to Gwen who was being forced off her cock by her stomach. Her middle was pushing her cock out of her mouth, its sheer size now putting her prior sizes to shame. She looked ready to drop sextuplets, and her orgasm was still going.

"Better move this." Kona said to herself as she picked up the camera and moved around to get a different angle on Gwen, while also bringing it out of harm's way. She had a sneaking suspicion about what was about to happen. Allie smirked knowingly and didn't move, a hand pumping her cock as she watched and waited. With sharp cry, Gwen's mouth was freed as her cock sprang loose, its head aimed directly at the waiting Allie. A massive spurt of cum sprayed from the tip, dousing her in semen.

The blonde gasped and inadverdently got a mouthful of Gwen's cum. The force of it caused her to gag as it spayed to the entrance of her throat, all while the flood pushed her back onto the bed. The covers were doused just as she was. Fortunately, that seemed to be the finale to Gwen's orgasm, as her next spurt was weak, barely spraying a foot from its origin. Kona watched with wide eyes, a grin on her face at what had taken place. The camera had caught it all and from a great angle too, giving a perfect of the massive cock. When it was little more than a dribble, Kona walked over to her. 

The redhead was all but insensate from the pleasure. She sat on her rounded rear, panting while her eyes looked up blankly at the ceiling. Cum poured in a single river from the side of her mouth, her tongue hanging out, too weak to lick it up. Her hands caressed her middle, feeling all of her cum inside of it, while keeping from touching the floor. Kona couldn't remember ever seeing such a beautiful visage in her life.

"How was it, Gwen?" She asked, despite knowing the answer. The redhead looked at her, eyes focusing at least.

"A-a-ama-amazing." She stuttered, barely able to think straight. Her eyes strayed from Kona's face, running down her slender body to the turgid cock, licking her lips at the sight. Despite the sheer amount of semen already swimming inside of her stomach, she wanted more. Kona saw this and leaned down, bringing the camera closer to Gwen's face. The redhead, still retaining enough understanding of what it was, blushed, but didn't look try to hide.

"You're looking pretty swollen there," Kona noted, making Gwen blush harder, "But I bet you wanna be bigger, right?" Without conscious thought, the redhead's hands stroked her stomach, as if in longing for more. She said nothing however, "Come on, Gwen. You need to say something or I won't know will I?"

"I want it..." Gwen mumbled, faint enough that only she heard it.

"Sorry, I didn't catch that?" Kona asked playfully. She knew exactly what the redhead had spoken, not needing to be a mind reader to do so, but she wanted her to admit it. Allie wanted Gwen to accept her slutty side, and Kona had seen this work on many a reluctant virgin in her line of work. She had even been of said virgins back when she'd wanted to save herself for someone special. As it turned out, that someone was actually several massively hung strangers. She'd loved every minute after giving in.

"I want it..." Gwen repeated herself, clearer this time, but still barely audible.

"Still couldn't make that out." The petite Futa said, and, as if by unconscious thought, began to sway her hips. Her cock head would occasionally pop into the frame, only to leave. She smirked, seeing Gwen's eyes follow it hungrily. The redhead gulped loudly, visibly unsure of herself, before coming to a conclusion, though she made no move. Before Kona could say a word, Gwen suddenly leapt forward as best she could, her mouth immediately stretching around the massive cock. Kona didn't stop her, the sensation preventing her from doing so. 

Allie saw the camera shaking in her hands and walked over.

"Guess, I'm camerawoman now." She said to herself, and focused it on Kona and Gwen, smiling to herself. The redhead, rather than verbally admit her lust for cock and by extension cum, simply took half of the petite Futa's immense cock down her throat. Allie, currently satisfied with filming the two, walked over and crouched down gracefully. She went ignored by them, however she was keen to focus on the sight. Moving about, she quickly found the best angle she could.

Through the lens of the camera, she watched as Kona's cock was engulfed. Gwen was pulling back then thrusting her head forward to devour as much as she could, gagging each time, while her lips were stretched wide around its girth. It was almost obscene how she was able to take it, her throat bulging out around it. Allie never tired of seeing such a sight.

Kona was moaning loudly now. She had been holding back from masturbating for hours now, her balls beginning to swell visibly each time Gwen thrust her head forward. The veins throbbed along its length, almost seeming to send pulses of desire through the redhead while she worked. Globs of her spit coated the cock, while streams of it ran down her chin and neck to eventually reach her breasts. Allie, unable to help herself, reached out with her free hand and began to rub the saliva into each mound, enjoying the marshmallow like feel of them in her hands. Gwen moaned around the massive prick at the sensation.

The camera caught it all. The way she drooled around it, how she would pull back and lick around the head sloppily, before diving back down on it. Kona's hips began to thrust lightly, moving in sync with Gwen's head, pushing in as she pulled back and vice versa. The feeling of the redhead's spit running down her cock, and how the breeze sent chills of pleasure through her when it was pulled free, all served to push her closer and closer to her climax. Gwen's hands, which had been preoccupied with jerking what remained of Kona's shaft, moved down to cup her balls. They churned with cum.
