 "Ha! Did see everyone's faces?!" Allie exclaimed, laughing as she, Kona and Gwen walked back into the redhead's room. As was the norm for her, she was blushing fiercely.

"Everyone was staring at me." She groaned, looking down at her oversized stomach. Kona nodded silently in agreement, face flushed red as well. Allie faced them with a smirk on her face.

"Oh come on, you gotta admit they were funny. That one girl's eyes nearly popped out when she saw you coming, Red." She chuckled, remembering when they'd entered the movie theatre. Everyone's eyes had fallen on Gwen in an instant, with Kona standing by her side as if to accentuate the redhead's massive gut, not that it needed any such help.

"I guess so, I mean that one woman asked how far along I was." Gwen said, unable to help a small grin on her face, "It was pretty funny when I told her I wasn't even pregnant yet." Kona giggled at that too.

"I kind of wish you'd told her you were in your first trimester." She said, as they laid down their bags. While out, Gwen had said she'd need new clothes for when she grew more, since her range of bras were quickly becoming exhausted. The largest she had bought was a K cup, one of the biggest bra sizes around even by the modern days standards. If her breasts grew as they had been, even that bra wouldn't fit her in the morning. Fortunately, she was set up with the undergarment all the way up to a truly massive X cup. 

"Yeah, I bet she wouldn't fainted at that." Allie giggled, sitting down on the bed. Gwen joined her, sighing in relief at being off her feet. While her body had somehow been adjusting to the absurd weight she had been carrying around lately, it still strained the muscles in her legs after a while. It never ceased to amaze her how the drug was affecting her body, though Diana had also been surprised, as was Allie who had taken it before her. She pushed the thoughts away and relaxed on her bed.

Kona walked over to join them, also sighing happily. Her small frame only made her large stomach seem even bigger, though her legs were clearly unable to handle as easily as Gwen's.

"How do you handle that weight anyway, Gwen?" She asked, eyes falling on her friend's abdomen. The redhead shrugged.

"I honestly dunno. Guess it's the drug or something."

"Oh, that reminds me. When you come to university she wants to take a few samples from you, just to see if she can determine why your body reacted differently than mine." Allie said, eyeing Gwen's large chest with want. She managed to hold herself back though, knowing the redhead couldn't handle a repeat of that morning.

"Oh, okay. I'm sorta curious too, so it's fine." She said, leaning back on her hands. It was ten o'clock at night, and she was already feeling tired, or at least lethargic. Kona looked at her, noticing the expression and checked her watch.

"Come on, Allie. We should go." She said, standing up with her hands around her middle to support the weight. Allie was opened her mouth to whine, but also saw Gwen's tired expression and didn't press it.

"Yeah, sure. We'll see you tomorrow, Red." With that she walked out of the room, waving at the redhead. Kona hesitated a moment, before leaning down to the redhead and kissing her sweetly.

"Sweet dreams, Gwen." She said and followed Allie, leaving Gwen looking at the door in surprise. She raised a hand to her lips, where she could almost feel the petite Futa's lips on them. Grinning slightly, she went about undressing for bed and set up the camera. She laid down on her bed, pulling the covers over her naked body, seeing the massive dome of her stomach under them. It made her grin as she let her mind wander into the lands of dreams.

Taking Kona's words to heart, her dreams were indeed sweet. Even they however, took a back seat to the continued changes of her body, the camera catching it all. The covers were once again pushed away, as her belly rapidly shrank. As it returned to its formerly slender state, the growth began. Her dreams were of a sexual nature as was normal, and her cock reacted to it. Just a few hours into the night, her cock was hard as stone and began its next stage of development. 

For a few moments the cock stayed at its full glory of twenty solid inches. Then the semen her body had digested took its toll, the veins all over her masculine pillar standing out thickly as it began. At first, the growth seemed minor at best. An inch gained after a few minutes, however it was merely the precursor. Gwen's body had processed several gallons of cum, much of which had come from herself and another Futa who was bigger than her. Its effects were potent to say the least.

A loud moan of pure pleasure escaped her lips. Gwen's hips raised up slightly, as though thrusting into someone, while her cock jumped up three inches in a near instant. Another moan, and it shot up two more inches, before taking a steady growth. Over a minute, she gained inch upon inch with every six or seven seconds. Only when it came to a near unheard of size of thirty six inches, giving her three solid feet of cock.

Much like the previous night, her balls ate up the expansion as well. The baseball sized orbs didn't start slow like her cock, gradually expanding with every passing second, the skin growing taut around the testicles. They grew all over, eventually pressing against her legs as their size passed that of grapefruits, and still they continued. The veins across her sac stood out thick and proud against her skin, pulsing visibly with the growth. Her breasts were not left out of course.

The large mounds soon entered mountainous territory. The J cups expanding across her chest, growing off the sides to rest on her arms now as they became truly giant M cups, and only continued to grow. While the pace was slow going, the expansion was clearly visible even to the naked eye. Her balls were slightly larger than cantaloupes now, the growth slowing greatly. On the other hand, her breasts were the size of her head, possibly larger. Her continued growth eventually came to its end as dawn broke in the sky.

She laid on her side, breasts mashed against her cock. The massive three feet of masculinity surrounded by her soft flesh, while her balls rested on the bed, the veins pulsing against her legs. Fortunately, as had been one of her key traits since childhood, Gwen slept like the dead. Even the pleasure radiating from the phallus between her tits couldn't wake her.

Eventually, her dream faded and her erection flagged. As it did, her new flaccid size would be impossible to hide, no matter what she tried or how baggy her pants were. Resting atop her large balls, the tip rested around her shins, its girth greater than her fists. Her growth having stopped, her breasts were now O cups, able to obscure her navel when she stood. As it was, with her laying down, they smothered her arm as it laid outstretched. The night soon faded completely and the sun rose up high.

Not long after light streamed through the cracks in her curtain, her phone vibrated. With a groan, she reached for it with her right arm, only to find it trapped. Frowning, she opened her eyes and looked down. Her breasts were pinning her arm underneath them. At first she couldn't quite process it, but soon her groggy mind realised just how much they had grown over the night. Her phone went off again and she sat up to reach for it.

Kona and Allie had texted her. 'Hey, Red! Wake up already.' The blonde had written, though with a large smiley face tacked onto the end. 'Really looking forward to how you've grown, Gwen. On my way now.' Kona wrote. Gwen yawned and texted back, 'Think you'll be surprised. See you soon.' With that she laid back down, her breasts obvious in her peripheral vision, capped with proportionate sized nipples. They were as long as her forefinger now, and twice as thick. They almost looked like small cocks. 

In the back of her mind, she began to wonder if that had ever happened before. Gwen had heard that a Futa had been born with two dicks several years ago, though both had been well below average. She wandered if anyone had somehow been born with cocks for nipples, her mind briefly seeing her own breasts sprouting phalli. Instantly, she shook herself free of such an image, frowning at herself. What the hell's wrong with me, she thought, but pushed it aside. She walked over to a bag of new shopping and pulled out an outfit.

One of the key problems with her growth is that there were very few clothes that concealed her body anymore. As it was, the best shirt she had been able to find was designed to accentuate one's cleavage, the collar cut low with a set of three buttons running down it as well, allowing the wearer to reveal even more of their breast. The material was wonderful though, softer than her underwear even. Her bra was lacy black, the only kind available for her.

She had been tempting to neglect any bra, but Allie and Kona had both agreed that it looked great on her. From their compliments, she decided that it would suffice. At the very least, the way it cupped her breasts was enjoyable to say the least, softer than the most delicate hands. Fortunately, her nipples weren't massive all the time, retracting as her body calmed down. It almost worried her how similar they were to her cock, but it was normal, even if their size wasn't.

With her top on she pulled her new panties. She grinned to herself, recalling how Allie had asked one of the clerks if they had any for someone with a two foot flaccid cock. Their face was priceless, and she had looked to Gwen, who merely shrugged and gave a shy smile. She was glad her friend had spoken up about it, since her cock was at least twenty inches that day and it would only be bigger tomorrow. A thought occurred to her that she didn't even know how big her erection was now.

As she pulled on her pants, the only pair of jeans she owned that fit around her now wider hips and ample ass. Before she started the experiment, it had been almost embarrassingly loose around her, but now it was tight against her cheeks. The leg of it was strained by her flaccid dick too, its shape obvious down the inside of her leg. It was impossible to hide now, something that she knew would embarrass her whenever she went out now, but at the same time she felt a certain thrill at it. Allie and Kona would appreciate it, she knew that for certain.

With her outfit set, she looked over herself. Her growth was incredible, none of her old clothes, besides her current pair of jeans, even remotely wearable. Though she was tempted to try on a shirt, just to see it strained taut around her expansive chest. Glancing at the camera, her mind went back to her cock, and the unknown size it had attained. Looking at the time, she assumed she had about twenty minutes before Kona and Allie arrived. Biting her lip, she walked over to it and played the most recent recording.

She fast forwarded through most of it. Though, from what she could see in the quick flashes, she would have to watch it again in private. When she noticed her cock had seemed to stop growing, she paused it and stared, open mouthed and wide eyed. Her cock was truly giant, sticking up from her crotch like a monument to masculinity. She couldn't quite tell how big it was, but by her estimate it was three feet long, a full metre. Its girth matched a two litre bottle of soda.

Gwen gulped at the sight. It was big... way bigger than anything she had seen or thought she would see in her life. Her mind flashed to her early days of adolescence, specifically a time when she had walked in on her porn star mother and seen her cock hard as stone. It had never truly left her mind, merely forgotten for several years. It had been giant, one that would cause even the most well-trained of pussies to quiver in both lust and fear. Gwen knew her own cock was even bigger, if only by a small amount.

"I'm still growing as well." She stated under her breath, unable to stop a shudder of desire. A Hyper had a cock as big as a human being, assuming what Allie had said was true. Gwen knew she could reach such a size now, all she had to do was keep drinking cum again and again, in bigger and bigger doses. Her breasts would grow bigger to, until her torso was completely covered by them. Her balls would be giant as well, no doubt dragging behind her if she grew to that size. And her cock, a five foot monster that could continue to grow if she so desired. Gwen felt her jeans tighten around her cock as it hardened from the imagery.

Realising this, she pushed all sexual thoughts from her mind. She sat on her bed, breathing slightly heavier than normal. She didn't want to be a Hyper, she told herself, being that size would only get in the way. It would be impossible to get a normal job with an endowment of that size, since it would be the first or second thing anyone saw on her, assuming their eyes managed to escape her breasts. She'd have to get a job in porn.

She knew it wasn't a bad industry. Since it had come into the mainstream, worldwide interest in the people themselves had grown immensely, and many of the stars were actually nice people. Gwen could recall many times she had met her mother's co-stars when she was a child, and they had all been incredibly nice to her, though her mind at the time had been all but consumed by their standardly massive breasts. It made her blush to remember how interested she'd been in sexual matters in her younger years.

Now they simply made her face turn red. Her parents had been understanding of this, though admittedly confused given their own personalities and attitudes towards sex. Either way, they didn't think anything was wrong with her, unlike many of her classmates growing up. They were fairly cruel, though not to the point that Gwen felt like school was unbearable. It was always light teasing, resulting from people not quite understanding how she couldn't enjoy something like Sex Ed. Gwen had even laughed along with some of them.

That didn't mean it had left her totally unscathed. Fortunately, there weren't any mental scars, but she had grown up without many friends. Those she did consider friends were mostly just people she talked to in a pleasant manner. Gwen had been lonely for almost the entirety of her school life. But, now with Allie, Kona and Diana, she had actual friends. And not just enjoyable acquaintances, but genuine friends. It made her grin at the thought.

Even if she did grow giant, she was thankful for the experiment. She doubted anything would change that fact. As she sat on her bed, thinking over her life thus far, two sets of hands knocked on her door. One was prime and proper, three curt knocks, while the other was distinctly chipper. It was almost strange how one could tell Kona and Allie apart just from the way they knocked. Gwen smiled a little to herself and walked over to open the door.

"Hey, Red! Got a surprise for you." Allie said excitedly as she walked in, though Kona stayed hidden around the corner peaking in. She was blushing fiercely, causing Gwen to frown in confusion.

"Um, what kind of surprise?" She asked, to which the blonde turned to Kona.

"Come on in, girl. You know she's not gonna say anything." With that, the petite Futa glanced around nervously, before stepped out from the side, looking down as she did so. Gwen's eyes widened, taking in something she'd never thought she would see. Kona, her body still as small as ever, was currently trying to hide her chest. Whereupon sat two breasts, each one about the size of soccer balls and resting proudly on her chest. Gwen couldn't stop herself from staring.

"H-hi, K-Kona." She said after a while, tearing her eyes away to look her smaller friend in the eyes.

"Hey, Gwen. Um, I had a growth spurt I guess." She replied, blushing. The redhead managed to gather herself enough to walk over and hug her, the act done out both a want to comfort her friend, who seemed unnerved by the change of her body, and to feel those breasts against her stomach. Kona let her head be buried in Gwen's own chest, the large mounds all but enveloping her entire head, "I look stupid." She said, voice muffled by her friend's chest.

"Like hell you do," Allie said from behind Gwen, "You look fantastic, Kona, always have and always will."

"You really do, they look good on you." Gwen added, pulling back slightly to smile down at her. It was strange to have someone so much smaller than she was. Kona's head only just crested above her breasts, meaning she was almost a foot smaller than Gwen was. It didn't look bad for her though, since her body was lithe and suited to the height. The redhead thought back to when they'd first met, how Kona had looked so much like a child. The white haired Futa looked up, eyes wide and innocent looking.

"You think so?" Her voice had gone up a few pitches as well, adding to the child like visage.

"So cute..." Gwen muttered under her breath. Kona frowned at her, "Um, yeah. They do, but, uh, why did you suddenly, well, grow?" She asked, stepping back. Though not without some hesitation.

"I honestly don't know. Diana did a few tests this morning, but nothing came up." She explained, shrugging. The action made her chest quake, her lack of bra apparent. Gwen averted her eyes, for fear that her body would react against her will. Kona noticed this and grinned, leaning up and forwards slightly, giving the redhead a perfect view of her cleavage, "Something bothering you, Gwen?" She asked, a sly grin on her face.

"Yeah, Red," Allie said, stepping up behind her friend to press her own chest against her, "Something bothering you?"

"Um..." Was the best she could say, her body growing warmer with each passing second. Her cock twitched in her pants, its length now completely filling out the sock of her panties. Kona stepped closer, her chest drawing ever nearer to the flushed redhead.

"They're really heavy, y'know? Would you mind lifting them up for me? Give my back some relief." She asked, voice low and husky now. Her eyes seemed to glisten with mischief and smoulder with her crazed lust.

"I, uh... I don't..." Gwen gulped, trying to step back, only for her to press harder against Allie. The redhead could feel her friend's cock beginning to harden against her ass, the fact painfully forefront in her mind. Without realising it, her hands reached out to cup Kona's chest, pressing her fingers into the soft, marshmallow like flesh. The small Futa moaned at the touch, moving closer to press her breasts into Gwen's grasp. As she did so, her own hands moved to the redhead's pants, feeling the massive length of her cock through the material.

"Look who also had a growth spurt." She said seductively, moaning as Gwen's hands groped her chest.

"Yeah, these are even better than before, Red. And that's saying a lot." Allie said, reaching her hands around to grip Gwen's massive chest. Her palms did little to cover the mounds, even her fingers being splayed out did almost nothing to cover the vast expanse. Gwen moaned at the touch, decided to relax and let this play out. She leaned her head back and kissed Allie softly, the blonde swiftly pushing her tongue inside the redhead's mouth. Kona smirked at the sight and began to undo the buttons keeping Gwen's chest hidden.

Once they were undone, almost half of Gwen's breasts were laid bare. The shirt didn't button all the way, designed to merely allow for a more seductive appearance, but it served its purpose. Kona's quickly pulled her pants down, taking care not to push the redhead's hands from her much larger chest. Her cock sprung free of her underwear, striking against Gwen's stomach and sending a surge of desire through her. She hadn't eaten breakfast yet and her stomach growled hungrily.

Allie and Kona both chuckled at the sound.

"Shouldn't skip breakfast, Red." The blonde said as she winked at Kona, who sighed and stepped away, allowing her old friend to turn the redhead around to face her, "It's the most important meal of the day after all." Unceremoniously, she pushed down on Gwen's shoulders, the Futa unresisting as she lowered herself to her knees. A small grin was on her face from Allie's corny words.
