 Varick observed the space station from his ship. Luckily, he had technology that allowed the ship to get in very close to the station without being detected. He didn't want to scare off his prey just yet. 

Other ships surrounded us. They all contained regular Watchers, those who watched over the galaxies. They have been wanting to bust this certain trade ring for quite awhile now. 

Auction Site 43, the infamous slaving outpost. For years, high price slaves had been auctioned off from this station. Watchers had had little success in pinpointing the location of the station, so Ultima Watchers had been sent in to see if they could find the Auction site. Of course, the powerful beings had located it within the week. 

Leaning over the control board, Varick considered the free-floating station. He and his team of Ultima Watchers had take almost a week to find it, meaning that it was probably protected by an extremely powerful being. He had been instructed to bring in the one who was shielding the station with mind powers to the Authority. 

The Authority were the council of beings that controlled the Ultima Watchers and the ordinary Watchers, handing out assignments and providing training and living quarters. They were the unofficial rulers of the universe. 

Varick steepled his fingers under his chin. Rumors had been flying recently about the slaves being sold at this certain station. If the rumors held true, then the slavers had finally managed to capture a few Adliat women. Their beauty was well known, so Varick was sure that, should the rumors be true, many aliens would be inside the station. 

Unfortunately, that meant that the Watchers couldn't attack the station straight on, because the death toll would be too high. The Authority didn't want to deal with the families of the rich beings within lawsuits should any of them die. Casualties were unpreventable, but they could still limit the deaths to satisfy the Authority. 

Sighing, Varick leaned back in his command seat and contemplated the situation. First thing he had to do was see if the rumors were true about the Adliat women being within. That would tell him if the station had many prospective slave buyers within. 

Varick prepared himself to use his telepathy to search the minds of the beings inside the space station. Taking deep breaths, he tentatively reached out explorative fingers from his mind. 

The first thing Varick could discern about the beings within the station was that the collection there was very diverse. The station held Reptiloids, reptilian like aliens; Bennadanti, tall reed-thin aliens with bulbous fish eyes; Elves, a mysterious people who had skin like moonlight; Dracons, large aliens who had dragon-like bat wings and could breathe fire; even a few Shape-shifters were there, and they have a notorious aversion to slavery. There! Right there...four Adliat women.  Varick snapped back in his in surprise. He had not expected the rumors to prove true. This changed his plan of attack significantly. The Adliat women would be extremely aggressive at this point, since they must have realized they are on a slaving auction site. 

Adliat women, at their most aggressive, would be a problem for he and his men. They were known throughout the universe for their cunning minds and athletic capabilities. One Adliat woman had been clocked at running seventy miles per hour once. 

Varick quickly rethought his plan of attack. First thing he would have to do was get a feel for the Adliats, and use his mind to incapacitate them. Then, he would shoot out the engines on the station so it could not go into hyper-speed and escape. The rest was largely the same, except now they would have many more prisoners to handle. Varick sent a mental message to another Ultima Watcher that was in a different ship. 

'We will need more transports. The rumors were true, for once. Four Adliat women are being held onboard the station.' 

Varick felt a feeling of excitement shiver across the mental connection. 'I have never seen an Adliat woman in person before', sent the other Ultima Watcher, Ezra. 

Varick felt the thread of sexual excitement Ezra had felt. 'You wish. If they really are as beautiful as the tales tell, none of them will go for your sorry ass.' 

A mote of amusement trickled across the connection. 'Varick, I am packing a serious tool down below these women will orgasm at the sight of. They would be lucky to feel the pleasure of my cock up there tight-'

'Boys!' Interrupted a distinctly irritated voice. 'Now is not the time. If either of you had been paying attention, you would have noticed something very interesting about one of those Adliats.' 

Varick and Ezra snapped to attention at their leader's voice. Onya had no patience for lackadaisical behavior on a mission. 

Slowly, Varick reached out a tendril of his mind to the Adliat women. He felt one mind, then another, then the third. The fourth reacted violently to his intrusion, gripping the tendril of his mind with her own and twisting it viciously. 

Varick again reared at the surprising event. It was nearly impossible to feel when an Ultima Watcher entered your mind. Their skill level in psychic powers was high enough that they could conceal their presence. The only beings they could not conceal themselves from were other beings of their level of power. 

Onya spoke onto the connection, 'Yeah, I felt it too. The last time an Adliat woman had that level of power, Genesha was destroyed during her loss of temper.' 

Varick remembered the old stories of the planet Gensha, that was rendered to thousands of pieces during an immense blast of power. He had thought it was a myth. 

'The story is true?' He sent across the mental link to Onya. 

'Yeah, and the one who destroyed Genesha was an Adliat woman. It seems that every time an Adliat woman has powers, the level is even higher than an Ultima Watchers.' 

'What do we do with her when we capture her? We obviously can't put her to sleep like the others. She'd just resist the command,' Ezra sent. 

'If we can even capture her,' Stated Onya. 'Varick, I'm gonna need you to handle this one. Maybe she'll see your pretty face and be smitten.' 

Ezra laughed loudly at the thought. 'Onya, it might just be the other way around! Varick has always had a weakness for a pretty face...'

Varick scoffed. Ezra always took a chance to refer to his manwhorish tendencies. 

'Enough jokin' around, boys. Just because I crack a quality joke doesn't mean you can.' 

'Party pooper,' Ezra said, sounding very much like a petulant child. 

'Damn right.' 

-----------------------------------------. ---------------------------------------- 

"Ultima Watchers are here!" 

The scream rent the air and seemed to gain momentum, rolling like a wave from one side of the cavernous room to the other. Aliens were whipped into a frenzy as they all simultaneously tried to get into the hallway I had entered through. 

Another explosion rocked the station. The lights above flickered ominously. 

I turned to the other women. They stood tall and surveyed the room with a calculating look on their faces; I felt a moment of pride that we could retain our composure in this situation. 

Taking advantage of the chaos, I began to weave my way to the other cages with the beings in them. When my clan-mates realized what I was doing, they began to help, freeing the almost-slaves one by one.  More screams sounded as two explosions hit the station in quick succession. Cries of panic arose as the potential slave owners realized the port that contained their personal ships had been taken out by the missiles. 

I was feeling a moment of satisfaction at the knowledge that all of these aliens would be prisoners before long, when a small finger of something trickled into my mind. Frowning, I felt it with my mind. It felt alien, and tickled the inside of my skull uncomfortably. Quickly grasping it in my own mind, I shoved it out of my head forcibly. 

What was that? I thought to myself. I had never in my life felt anything like it. When I had gripped it with my own mind, I had felt a sense of knowing, like whatever it was had its own thought and feelings. 

Shaking the disturbing thought from my head, I turned my attention back to the situation at hand. Aliens were running amuck as the panic reached new levels. The slaves the other and I had freed were finding others of their own species and huddling quietly in the parts of the room that were removed from the action. 

I was turning to my clan-mates, when another tendril of knowing slithered into my conscious. This time, the tendril started feeling the inside of my mind in a rather sensual manner. Disgusted, I grabbed the tendril and snapped it before discarding it like trash from my head. 

Before I could contemplate the invasion of my mind, another stupid little finger of knowing slid in. This one wasn't as blatantly invasive as the other two, but it still tried to slip through the cracks of my mind to find my secrets. Hissing, I grabbed the little finger of knowing and wrenched it in on itself before tossing it out of my mind. 

I quickly threw up the strongest mental shields I could conjure. Luckily, I had been teaching myself since I was a child how to imagine the strong, fortified walls of mental protection. A story an older clan-mate had told me about people using their minds to hear the thoughts of others inspired me to do it. 

Now, I am extremely thankful that I had been such a paranoid little girl. 

A tap on my thigh interrupted me from my thoughts. I looked down at the little Scelind girl, her choppy black hair and pointed ears giving her away. She blinked big golden eyes at me and held out some fabric. I took it, and it unfolded to reveal a short square of purple silk. Smiling at her, I thanked her. She scurried off to an older pair of Scelind aliens she resembled. Her parents, I guess. 

Taking the length of silk, I began to wrap it around my hips, slowly crawling up my body to above my breasts. Then, I securely tucked in the last little corner of the silk into the top. The result was a short, tight purple wrap dress. It wasn't as modest as I would've liked, but it was better than being naked. I blushed, suddenly realizing I had been naked the entire time. 

A loud bang caught my attention. A wave of aliens rushed backwards, away from the hallway they had been trying to cram themselves into beforehand. In the hallway stood four men and one woman. 

The woman glared at the aliens in front of her, like one would glare at the roach in your home. She was tall, at least six feet, with short white hair and steely grey eyes. I could almost see the hatred in her eyes. 

The man to her left had hair so black it looked blue. He was tall, taller than her and the other men around him, at least by five inches. His skin was a light caramel, and his violet eyes looked around the room at the hordes of potential slave owners. His lush lips were curled in a sneer of disgust. 

The man to her right had ice blue eyes and fine blonde hair, looking a bit like a naughty angel. He held a pale, gleaming sword in his hand that immediately caught my attention. The slim, golden blade was engraved with flames, and the hilt was wrapped in a simple leather covering. A large ruby glittered in the pommel. 

The third man had gleaming chestnut hair and pale green eyes. He stood a little to the right of the man with blonde hair. He had an uninterested look to him, like the entire situation bored him. 

The fourth man was a slight, pale one with hair a violent shade of blue, tipped in black. His eyes were a glittering brown, like toffee and cream. His skin was pale alabaster, and he had a definite mischievous look to him. 

My eyes locked with the woman's as I looked back at her. He eyes widened slightly. Without looking away from me, she nudged the man to her left with the black hair. She said something to him, and he looked to me also. 

An electrical shock went through me the moment we locked eyes. His violet eyes held an intensity that kept me from looking away. Slowly, tentatively, I felt a questioning push at my shields. Scowling, but not breaking eye contact with the violet eyed man, I tightened my mental walls around my mind. 

Eyes wide, he said something to the woman. She shot me a look filled with surprise and frustration, then motioned to the black haired man and the blonde man. They both started toward me at a quick pace. 

Watching them for a few moments, I didn't notice the man approaching me from behind. 

The Reptiloid slid a hand around my waist and tugged hard, making me stumble. His clawed fingers dug into my side hard, as his other clawed hand covered my mouth before I could shout. 

Angrily, I tried to jerk myself away. The Reptiloid laughed, a deep malice-filled chuckle, and tightened his grip. "You are mine, woman," he hissed before sliding a long, scaly tongue into my ear. 

A red haze fell over my eyes. I smiled, recognizing it from before. Heat crawled beneath my skin, aching to escape and incinerate the Reptiloid. Suddenly, flames of red and gold burst from my skin, licking the air with furious crackles and pops. 

The Reptiloid released a high scream of pain. The sound hurt my ears, the pitch was so high. He stumbled back, and I turned and watched his scales shrivel up and blacken, then fall off. 

Shouts of alarm rang out as other beings began to notice my fired up state. The woman stared at me in obvious surprise, and the blonde and black haired men whom had been making their ways toward me stopped stock still to take in my power. 

Deciding to make a spectacle of it, I wriggled my fingers at the surprised men and leaped away, making my escape.