 Back in the real world, Gwen had pulled away from Kona. Both were panting now, the redhead's face flushed with arousal and her cock now fully hard at its monstrous three foot length. Allie was staring at it, the cantaloupe sized head almost level with her eyes. Gwen leaned back in and kissed Kona with all the hunger of a starved woman, while her cock twitched enticingly before the blonde, who gulped in want. She wanted to taste it, to suck it, to make Gwen cum all she had within her balls, but the sheer size of it actually gave her pause. Something like that had never happened to her before.

Gwen pulled away from Kona, who was grinding her own hard cock against her. The redhead looked at Allie and gave her hips a shake, the giant shaft swaying from side to side teasingly.

"Come on, Allie. Don't hold yourself back." She said, voice low and husky. Kona looked up at her in surprise, as did the blonde, neither of them ever expecting her to sound so sensual. She looked at them both blankly, "What?" She asked, confused. They giggled and, before anymore words could be spoken, Allie licked at the tip. Gwen moaned lowly at the sensation, before stepping back and falling to her knees. She looked up at Kona who nodded and pulled down her pants.

Her near rock hard cock sprung into view. Thick veins pulsed along the smooth skin of the shaft, the head peaking from the uncircumcised skin, already dripping with thick pre. Gwen licked her lips, eyes clouding over in lust as she took of it and licked along the growing erection. She pressed her tongue flat and drew it up the length at an almost tortuously slow pace, bringing a long, shuddering moan from Kona's mouth in her cute voice. When she reached the tip, Gwen immediately opened her mouth wide and took it in, sucking on it to draw out the pre-cum.

She moaned at the taste. It was even better than before, she thought, moving her head down to force more into her mouth. Even the feeling of it setting off her gag reflex as she worked it into her throat felt pleasurable somehow, like a tingling all throughout her mind and body. Soon after beginning, she had half of Kona's two foot cock buried in her throat, tongue working as best it could to lather the shaft in her affections. Gwen even began to swallow around it.

Kona's moans rang out through the room. The sensations of the redhead's mouth and throat, both deliciously tight around her tumescent cock, were the same and also different than before. The petite Futa couldn't say why, nor did she feel it mattered. All that did was reaching her orgasm and making Gwen swell up once more, her mind flooding with memories of yesterday. Allie didn't want to be left out, as such she stepped to Gwen's side and poked into her cheek with her cock. The redhead moaned lustfully around Kona's, before sliding off it.

She panted wantonly for a moment before taking Allie's cock in her hands. She pumped it rapidly, her fingers squeezing just the right points, causing a stream of pre-cum to gush from the head. Without a word, she engulfed it in the welcoming warmth of her slavering maw, her tongue eagerly licking up the delightful fluid. Allie moaned, the sound far more sensual than Kona's, as she placed her hands on Gwen's head. She knew what this meant and promptly took the large prick to the hilt.

Kona leaned down behind her. She put her hands on Gwen's neck, feeling it bulging out with Allie's cock, even as she swallowed around it. Her eyes, watering as they were from the penetration, stayed looked on the blonde's. It was almost impossible to recognise them as Gwen's, the overwhelming lust in her stare outmatching even Allie's, who had been a notorious slut in high school, even by society's standards. Gwen felt Kona pressing her cock against her back, the head drooling pre onto her skin. A shudder of desire ran through her as she pulled off Allie's prick.

Her mouth was free for only a moment. Before either of the standing Futa could make a sound, Gwen had forced herself down Kona's cock, taking it past the halfway mark. Unlike before, she didn't hold it there, instead she began to bounce her head to and fro. Kona placed her hands on her head, as much to pull her close as to steady herself. The feeling of Gwen's throat and slavering maw were incredible, more so than before. Before Gwen could make it to the twenty inch mark, Allie pulled her off and shoved her own cock down her throat.

The redhead didn't care about the rough handling. She merely moaned as the cock was forced back down her gullet, basking in the feeling of its multitude of veins pulsing against her tongue, which lolled around between her lip and the shaft. As she was pulled down, she moved it as best she could, pleasuring what she could and licking at the blonde's large balls. Her nostrils flared as well, drinking in the potent musk of cum, spit and sweat. She moaned around the prick, wanting more.

Fortunately, Kona was there. She made Allie release the redhead, only to grab her roughly by the hair and shove her back down her own cock, gasping as it slid smoothly back into her throat. Gwen was just as messy as ever, her spit coated the invasive cock in a glistening sheen of saliva, while drops of it smeared across her cheeks, chin and even onto her mostly clothed tits. Her hands rose up to work it into her skin, sending a shiver of lust through her at how dirty she felt doing so. Allie seemed to only just then notice her hands and yanked one away, placing it on her cock.

Gwen didn't fight back. She had no desire to, even if touching her massive bust felt amazing, the feeling of a thick, throbbing cock in her hand was just as good, if not better. It glided along Allie's length with ease, the spit and pre that coated her shaft working as the perfect lubricant. Meanwhile, Gwen was mere inches away from Kona's crotch, her eyes crossing in an attempt to see what little shaft remained free. As she did so, she noticed the petite Futa's balls. They were swelling before her eyes.

How long had she been avoiding an orgasm? She wandered, and grinned as best she could with her mouth stretched so wide. She began to suck, hard. Her cheeks turning convex as she did so, making Kona moan loudly and her cock throb in desire. She was already close, Gwen noted in lustful amusement. Just as she felt like the Futa was about to blow, she pulled away and clamped a hand around the base, cutting off her ejaculate. Kona looked down her through ecstasy glazed eyes as she realised what Gwen was doing to her.

The redhead pulled back to the head. Her fingers still cutting off the escape for Kona's cum, she began to lick around the head, sensitive from the denied orgasm. Her eyes stayed looked on the Futa's, trying to convey her intentions wordlessly. Kona seemed to understand, as she shuddered and tried cumming again, only for it to be held back by Gwen. Allie noticed this and smirked at two, moaning while Gwen masturbated her.

"Just so you know, Red," She moaned out, leaning forward to grope her denied friend's breasts, "Kona here gets a hair trigger if you deny her too long. You could just," As she spoke she pinched one of her nipples, making Kona cry out in bliss, "and she'll cum over and over." Gwen pulled completely off the massive, spit coated cock and grinned lustfully at Allie.

"Didn't you get something when we went out yesterday? You know, when you ditched us for a bit?" She asked, her hand still moving while she kept Kona's release at bay. The blonde moaned and smirked down at the redhead, nodding to a nearby bag.

"Yep. Got it for you, but, guess it'll work here. Give me a sec." She said and stepped away, albeit reluctantly to grab the item. Gwen turned her full attention back to Kona, who was looking down at her pleadingly. The redhead merely giggled at her, and took the head back in her mouth, sucking on the tip to draw out more pre-cum. The viscous fluid was thicker now, turning from semi-transparent to a near opaque white. Gwen moaned at the stronger taste, licking it up eagerly.

"Alright, got it." Allie announced and walked over. Gwen looked at her and saw what she held, a moan of wanton desire vibrating in her throat, making Kona moan and try to cum yet again. Moving quickly, as if they had practiced it, Gwen moved her hand and Allie snapped the item around Kona's base, pulling a strap to tighten it. The cock ring was in place now. 

"W-what?" The petite Futa asked, unable to comprehend what was happening. The pleasure coursing through every inch of her being was overwhelming everything else, even the fact that Allie had put something on her didn't seem to matter. All that did was cumming, again and again, as many times as she could, even if she couldn't release it. Her cum was backing up now.

Gwen licked all over the head. As Allie had said, Kona seemed to have developed a hair trigger. Each lick over a sensitive spot had her crying out in another attempted orgasm, the semen simply backing up into her balls now. The redhead eyed them lustfully, seeing it as each denied climax simply made them swell bigger and bigger. Already they had passed the size of basketballs, eagerly making their way to medicine ball and beyond. Gwen almost came herself at the thought of how much cum was churning within them.

Unable to help herself, she let herself charge forward. Kona moaned out as her expanding balls were suddenly entrapped in Gwen's arms, the redhead's lips planted kiss upon kiss on the taut flesh, while she lightly ran her tongue over it. Her nose was enraptured in the musk, almost able to smell the sperm contained in each of Kona's testicles. She could practically feel them swimming beneath the surface as well. With each kiss they only grew bigger.

"Oh god, Gwen... please, let me cum." Kona begged, moaning in her mad lust to try and cum. Gwen simply smirked up at her and continued to lick at the balls, letting her spit gather in her mouth before layering it onto the taut flesh. Allie licked her lips at the sight, before stepping in closer, her cock head pressing against Gwen, who turned to face it. For a moment she hesitated, glancing back at Kona's scrotum, the skin glistening with her spit. But the sight of the blonde's cock dripping pre proved far too tempting.

Ignoring the petite Futa's moans and pleads, Gwen filled her orifice. She'd heard of quite a few women and Futanari who had an oral fetish and, if the way her cock throbbed in lust was any indication, she had such a fetish. Her throat opened to accept Allie's prick, while her tongue eagerly worked it, pleasuring as much as possible even as she sunk down inch by inch. Kona watched them, eyes falling onto Gwen's turgid cock and licked her lips. Without another thought, she moved herself around to take it in her mouth.

As it had been yesterday, Gwen sucked on Allie while Kona sucked on Gwen. The key differences were that, with every throb of the redhead's shaft Kona's balls expanded furthers. And, of course, Gwen's immense cock. It seemed like an insurmountable task, particularly for the small Futa, as she opened her mouth was wide as possible. She tried, in vain, to force the head inside. Failing that, she settled for licking around the engorged head and suckle on the large slit. A mischievous gleam brightened her lust hazed eyes. 

Without warning, Kona poked her tongue into the urethra. Gwen moaned loudly around Allie's cock, caught off guard by the intense sensation. It was never something she had anticipated to happen, not even hearing of it, but now she could hardly believe people wouldn't do it more. The feeling of Kona's small oral muscle licking at the inside of her, earning a direct spurt of pre in response, was fantastic. Almost as good as having her entire prick enveloped in a warm and tight throat. 

Kona had yet to fully give up on her main goal. Every few seconds, she would moan and try once more to shove that giant cock head into her mouth, each time getting a little closer. Due to the overwhelming girth, her attempts caused her teeth to scrape over the head, however Gwen's nerves seem hardwired to only feel pleasure. Kona brought her hands up, cupping Gwen's balls and feeling them churn with cum. Each one was so large they overflowed in her hand.

It brought her attention to her own balls. Each one were bordering on the beach ball sized, forcing her legs to spread to give them room to grow, and Gwen clearly had no intention of letting her cum soon. Kona knew she could easily remove the ring around her cock, since Allie and Gwen were fully immersed in what they were doing, but her body refused to disobey them. They wanted her orgasms denied, all so Gwen could drain her later and grow even bigger. The thought urged her on and made her cum yet again, cum building even further.

By this point her body was nearing its limit. She couldn't keep stretching indefinitely, even if it seemed like as her balls gained inch upon inch, though the growth was slowing. She'd never denied herself like this, only ever going a total of twelve hours between an orgasm, and that had been a favour to Allie for Gwen. Now, she was at the point where nearly everything sent her into an orgasm, and none of the thick seed was being released. Her eye fell on her giant sac, watching as the growth came to a complete halt. Even though she was still cumming strong.

She was finally able to get Gwen's tip inside her mouth. As she did so, Kona attempted to shift her position, only to find her balls weighing her down completely. It wasn't like before, when she had first met Gwen. Her balls had been almost as big as they were now, but her body had been able to handle it, her muscles designed to handle any weight her body brought upon her. But now, she was trapped beneath her no longer expanding balls.

Kona ignored it however. She was finally able to suck on the head of Gwen's massive prick, pre belching from the tip like a faucet left on. It poured into her mouth, her tongue basking in its flavour, before swallowing it down to fill her stomach. The taste alone continued to send her into orgasm, the sensations piling atop one another, becoming more and more intense. She moaned loudly around Gwen's cock, feel it pulsate as if to show its appreciation for the added sensation. Allie was beginning to pant lightly now.

Gwen was far from still while Kona had worked at her endeavour. She had been bobbing her head back and forth quickly, occasionally holding still to let the blonde fuck her mouth. With each passing moment, Allie only grew closer to her climax, cock throbbing wildly as her balls swelled with cum. Gwen could feel it as well, her stomach growling in need, empty except for the vast amount of pre-cum she had drunk. Her mind recalled the previous day and how big she had become.

She moaned at the thought and brought both of her hands to Allie's cock. She pulled back, revealing over a foot of shaft, her hands following her mouth while twisting around. Her fingers gripping just right to hit all the right spots. Allie moaned loudly at the feeling, her orgasm drawing even closer. Gwen pulled off completely, moving to lick along the shaft with a groan of lust and hunger. She swirled her tongue around the head before engulfing it once more.

Moving one of her hands again she extended a finger. Allie was panting louder now, moaning with every other breath. Without warning, Gwen shoved her finger into the blonde's underappreciated pussy, earning a sharp intake of breath. It was promptly followed by a loud cry of bliss as she grabbed twin handfuls of Gwen's hair, pulling the redhead down to the hilt of her cock. She cried out as best she could as the first deluge of cum poured into her.

Gwen felt it clearly as her stomach swelled out with the thick seed. The feeling of it pouring into her was irreplaceable, unlike anything else she felt or could hope to feel. Even Kona's mouth, now with the head pressing against the entrance of her throat, setting off her gag reflex and making her eyes water. Gwen looked down at her as best she could, the sight of the child like Futa with her mouth stretched impossibly around her cock and eyes wide as they watered from the strain, was almost irresistible to her. Kona moaned around her cock.

Her balls were getting heavier and heavier. Inside, her cum was thickening with each denied orgasm. And her climaxes were coming even easier now, as she watched with Gwen's cock in her mouth as the redhead's stomach began to bloat with Allie's load. The sight whetting her desire even more. Not only was her balls churning with ever condensing seed, but now her pussy was trying its hardest to douse her sac in her juices. She wanted to cum so badly.

Eventually, Allie's climax came to its end. Gwen pulled off her cock with a loud gasp, followed by several pants as she caught her breath. When she had recovered, she looked down at Kona and smirked, showing her semen covered teeth, before licking it up. Kona pulled off her cock and whined pleadingly, eyes as wide as she could make them.

"Please... oh, god, please, Gwen," She begged, putting her hands on her giant balls, "I need to cum, I need to. They're so heavy..." The redhead leaned down to kiss her, the mere touch of her lips on her own enough to make her cum again. 

"Please." She begged weakly into the tender kiss. Without a word, Gwen pulled away and took a deep breath. She hefted Kona's erection in her hands, aiming at her mouth as she opened wide to accept it inside. Allie had served to open her throat up, allowing her to take every inch on her first try. As she neared the base, Gwen reached up and removed the ring, just as her nose mashed into Kona's crotch. In an instant, the petite Futa, whose total body mass was dominated by her enormous testicles, finally found her release. Gwen's stomach doubled in size from the full term look she'd sported in an instant.

Allie quickly stood and rushed to the camera. She picked it up and set it to record, training it on Gwen as her middle expanded rapidly. It was faster than any time before, even faster than yesterday when she had cum inside herself. Each drop of Kona's cum was the equivalent to the average Futa's orgasm, the sperm count enough to impregnate someone a dozen times over. Gwen's hands went to her stomach, feeling it inflating against them in time with Kona's balls as they shrunk down. Every passing moment saw her gain what looked like another pregnancy stacked on each other.

In the first gush of seed she was pregnant with twins. The next she had triplets, another and she looked to hold quadruplets and so on. Allie couldn't stop herself from licking her lips at the sight. It was hard not to, since taking the experiment she had developed something of an inflation fetish, something Gwen was inadvertently fuelling more and more. The blonde almost wished she were on the end of that cock, swelling with its unending tide of cum. Although, as Gwen just kept swelling, she feared it would be too much for her.

The redhead simply kept expanding. Her stomach was rapidly eating up the space, her flesh pressing against Kona's legs, who fortunately had enough presence of mind to move them out of the way before they were trapped. The petite Futa looked down at Gwen, whose eyes had shut in her pleasure from the sensations, with her mouth stretched taut around Kona's cock. Allie watched it all with her mouth agape. Finally, after several minutes had passed, the flood of seed came to an end.

Kona pulled away from the redhead. Both were panting heavily, one from the sheer, overwhelming pleasure of finally experiencing release, and the other from having her breathing cut off by such a massive obstruction. Upon recovering, Gwen smiled at Kona and leaned back on her hands, her stomach jutting out proudly. Her top was tight around it, the stitching threatening to break at a moment's notice.
