 "I'm sure that many of you are familiar with this play, as it was both a popular musical and film a couple of decades ago. Nowadays, such a thing is rare, since most of us are preoccupied with, shall we say, fun?" The audience gave a collective chuckle at that, several of them grinning knowingly at their partners for the evening, "Well, my production company, Golden, has decided to bring Broadway back to the mainstream. Anyone care to guess how we're going to do that?"

"Lots of fucking!" Allie yelled in her booth. The glass walls were designed to minimise any noise reduction, whether it was going in or out. Beverly smirked at the blonde, winking as she spied Gwen.

"But of course. I'm sure many of you noticed the renovations we made, for instance, the bathrooms for those who prefer some privacy. Or maybe the fact that the floors are coated in plastic sheets." Gwen leaned forward, now seeing the coverings all over the floor. The chairs were made of leather, where fluid had a hard time sticking. It would make the maids' job easier, she thought. A collective murmur of agreement came from the audience as if in response.

"Now then, I have a warning to give first. During this show, some of our performers may lose control and 'ask' for volunteers from the audience. Now, you can decline this offer if you want, however it should be noted that many of our performers for this evening are among the most famous, and talented, porn stars in our company. Judging by the number of erections I see in the front row, many of you recognise me as well." As she spoke, Kona leaned into whisper in Gwen's ear.

"She's a lot more, uh, eloquent than I expected honestly."

"Yeah, I figured she'd be kind of like me," Allie added, "You know, all fuck, no brain." She clarified simply. Gwen chuckled at her.

"My mums both graduated university with flying colours. She's the one that handled all the finances as well." Gwen explained, gesturing to Beverly, as she continued her own explanation of the play.

"Whoa... Smart, hot, talented, and a great mother." Diana noted under her breath in amazement. The redhead shrugged and returned her attention to the striking Futa on the stage.

"Now then, with the boring part out of the way, please enjoy the show." With that, she took a small bow and left quickly. It didn't take long to realise how sexualised the play had become. The story was set in fairy tales, which were often placed around the medieval era. From what she remembered in history classes, Gwen knew they had been very prime and proper in appearance, often concealing as much skin as possible. Those who didn't were shamed and left for the whore houses.

The music had started. Fortunately, it had remained mostly untouched, a little lighter notes here and a little quicker pace there. The narrator spoke, her voice as sensual as could possibly be. Gwen knew it was her mother.

"Once upon a time..." A stage light lit up, revealing what was supposed to be Cinderella. The woman was a platinum blonde, with gorgeous features and luscious lips. Her body was one of the best Gwen had ever seen, her cock giving a small pulse of agreement. Cinderella had a large bust, easily J cups, capped by large, taut nipples. The reason Gwen could tell all this, was simply because the character was completely naked. Between their legs, hung a ten inch cock.

While she wasn't nearly as voluptuous as some women and Futa that Gwen had seen, there was something so alluring about her. Her proportions were perfect, Gwen thought, nothing seemed out of place, and yet she didn't look like some kind of human doll. Cinderella's skin was smooth as silk, at least to the eye, and even appeared to gleam under the light. Enticing was the best word the redhead could think to describe her. She took a deep breath and began singing.

"I wish-" "In a far off kingdom-" "More than anything-" "Lived a young maiden-" "More than life-" Gwen let the melody wash over her as she watched the play unfold. 'Jack' was a small woman, no bigger than Kona, though with a more proportionate cock of eight inches. The backer and her wife were equally good looking. The baker was slightly chubby, however she possessed a bust that even outmatched Gwen's, much to the redhead's surprise. The wife was slender with a smaller size, at least G cups.

Gwen couldn't see their cocks, since those three wore clothes. She quickly understood, to a certain extent why Cinderella was naked, as the stepsisters and mother came on. They were dressed in the most provocative, yet concealing clothes. They were tight, leaving next to nothing to the imagination, but did just enough to let one's imagination wander. Gwen could hardly tear her eyes away.

Her friends weren't much better. Allie's pants were noticeably tighter just a few minutes in, while Kona was flushed as she resisted her urges. Diana was the most composed, but even she would occasionally lick her lips in longing. The stepsisters and the mother were definitely bigger in every way than Cinderella, their cocks, while hidden, clearly looked to be fifteen solid inches even flaccid. Their breasts were K cups as well.

Even they were put to shame as the stepmother stood facing the crowd. Her endowments were fantastical, something the audience gave a collected murmur of agreement on. The woman's chest was on par with, if not bigger than Gwen's, the O, possibly P cups dominated her torso. Likewise, her balls were giant, bringing the memory of earlier to Gwen's mind. Then there was the stepmother's cock, distinctly flaccid even as it stood out visibly against her clothing. It was only marginally smaller than the redhead's.

"Holy shit." Allie all but exclaimed, "She's almost as big as you, Red." Kona nodded silently as she watched, though her hands unconsciously went to her breasts. Gwen said nothing in return, though her face flushed at the sight. She couldn't help the desire to be down there, to be like the step sisters as they were pulled in for a hug by their stepmother. The group all pressed their chests together, using them to mock the smaller Futa.

As they mocked Cinderella, the marital relatives all stripped down. Many of the crowd gasped, though others moaned loudly in want, Allie being among them. The blonde's cock was straining against her pants again, though she was keeping it under control at the moment. Gwen could see her eyes glance over to her at times, the spark of lust in them helping fuel the redhead's own. Her stomach had shrunk a great deal as well, though unnoticed by the group. She now looked to be heavy with octuplets.

Similar, the small growth to both her cock and breasts went unseen. Her cock was gradually straining the sock of her panties, however she paid it no mind, caught up as Cinderella was forced to her knees to service her 'betters'. By which they meant for her to open her mouth and suck them all, drinking, or being covered in, their seed. Gwen shifted in her seat, trying to keep in control, licking her lips in partial envy and lust. Cinderella, though reluctant, visibly enjoyed the act.

The stepsiblings and their mother laughed at her and left. With the scene over, Gwen managed to relax somewhat in her seat. To her confusion, it felt softer somehow, but didn't question it under the assumption that she was simply more relaxed now. In reality it was her body's continued, ever so slow growth. Diana was rubbing her thighs together, glancing longingly at Allie and Gwen, both of whom were trying to keep themselves calm as well. Kona was in a similar state as she worked to keep her erection at bay. 

The crowd didn't share their issues. Most, if not all, of them were teasing themselves or each other. Several had even undone their pants or skirts enough to either further pleasure themselves, or to bring their cocks into the open for their partners to suck on. Allie noticed this and looked at Diana, who was keeping her eyes downcast to avoid the play. The blonde pouted and looked at Gwen, her eyes seeing the redhead's stomach. It was already a good deal smaller than just a few minutes ago.

"Hey, Red. Your middle's getting pretty small there..." She pointed out, looking at the redhead's face.

"Hmm?" She looked at her friend, seeing the lust in her eyes, "Oh, yeah. I guess so." Allie gulped and she leaned towards her.

"Do you want a top up?" She asked, unable to help herself. Kona gave her a quick glare, clearly having intended to ask such a thing herself. Gwen flushed bright red and looked away.

"I, uh... I mean..." Diana spoke up, standing as she did so.

"Actually, I need the bathroom. What about you, Gwen?" She asked. It was obvious that she was just trying to help the redhead, who was grateful as she stood up.

"Y-yeah, I could. Thanks." With that the two left. Kona sighed and relaxed slightly, before looking at Allie who shrugged.

"Allie, you know she's still kind of nervous about this kind of stuff. And she's never done it in this kind of place before." Kona told her, giving another sigh. The blonde pouted at her.

"I know, I'm just... really horny right now." She said, glancing at her bulbous crotch, where her cock was struggling to free itself. The petite Futa looked away from it, her own dick just as hard.

"Y-yeah. Me too... this play's really hot." She replied.

Gwen sighed in relief as she left the room. She and Diana were both heading to the normal restrooms, glad to be away from desire, if only for a brief moment. Her cock definitely felt more confined, though it had yet to grow any harder to her fortune. As they walked, Diana stopped. The redhead quickly noticed her friend wasn't moving and turned to face her.

"What's wrong?" She asked. The brunette blushed fiercely, glancing at the private restrooms, though the movement of her eye wasn't noticed.

"I-I-I... I w-want to a-a-ask you s-something." She said, her hands playing with each other nervously. The redhead nodded, frowning in confusion and concern. Diana's face was a bright red, though Gwen could guess as to why. Part of her hoped it was just a fever, since she was already struggling to control herself around Allie and Kona, both of whom she had enjoyed immensely over the past few days.

"W-well... um, you r-remember w-when we k-k-kissed?" She asked, looking up hesitantly. Gwen nodded again, "I w-was w-w-wondering if y-you wanted to c-continue that... i-in there." She pointed to the private restroom, looking down. Gwen's eyes ran over her friend, seeing a damp patch at the crotch of her pants. Her cock gave a twitch of longing and she looked away.

"Diana, I-I know you w-want it. But I d-don't think it's, um, it's right to d-do it in there." She said, doing her best to control her embarrassment. While it was nowhere near as bad as it may have been just days before, she could still feel the distinct warmth of blood rushing to her face, even as it tried to go lower. Diana looked at her, mouth open to say something, but stopped and nodded.

"Yeah... yeah, I s-suppose you're right." She said eventually, before walking up to Gwen, "Sorry, I know y-you get embarrassed about this." The redhead smiled at her.

"Don't worry. I'm getting better. See?" She said, pointing to herself, "Not even stuttering right now." Diana giggled at her, before leaning down to kiss her passionately, only pulling back when she knew it was time to. Gwen gasped when her lips were released, but she didn't say anything, merely smirked.

"Sorry, couldn't help myself." Diana explained, grinning longingly.

"Again, don't worry about it." The redhead replied and kissed her softly, "Now come on, I actually do need the bathroom." Diana chuckled at her and the two made their way into the standard restroom. There, Gwen finally saw herself and gasped in shock. The brunette looked at her in worry.

"What is it, Gwen?"

"My... My breasts, they're bigger." She stated, looking at her reflection with wide eyes. Her stomach was greatly shrunken as well, just as Allie had said. She looked to be pregnant with sextuplets, and she swore she was able to see it shrinking ever so slowly. Without a moment's hesitation, she pulled down her pants to see her panties, the fabric stretched thin to the point that the threads were visible. She was growing.

"Oh my," Diana said, leaning down to look the redhead over, "I don't how, or why, but you're starting to grow constantly. You said it was only when you were asleep, right?" Gwen nodded, unable to look away from herself, "Well, it could be that you're just used to it now and your body's getting it done quicker. Or something happened that made the drug react faster than normal. Either that, or we're all going crazy." She added jokingly. Gwen, despite herself, grinned at the brunette.

"Yeah, maybe. But, I can almost feel it, Diana. I'm growing... it's really, really slow, but my cock didn't fill out my sock like it does now, and my breasts. Diana?" She asked, noticing her friend's lustful gaze.

"Hmm? Sorry, I don't think I got much sleep last night." She explained, though her eyes left the redhead's chest with a great deal of reluctance. Gwen frowned at her, noting her friend's notably clear eyes, unlike those of someone who had slept poorly. She didn't press it however, knowing the brunette was probably trying to keep herself under control.

"Okay, um, I'm just gonna go pee and let's get back to the play." Gwen said and retreated to one of the stalls, not trusting herself or Diana to stay in control if she let her cock out in front of her. The redhead sighed as she relived herself, taking deep breaths to calm down. As before, the mere fact that, just a couple of weeks ago, she had been a below average, post graduate. Now, she smirked to herself, now she had breasts and a cock that almost anyone would die for. It really was incredible to her.

With her business taken care of, Gwen stood to leave, but stopped. Her gut gave a loud rumble, similar to hunger and indigestion at once, and yet the feeling was unlike either. She groaned, wrapping her hands around her expansive middle, only to feel it getting smaller and smaller with every passing second. She looked down with wide open eyes, watching with shock as her vision confirmed what she felt; her stomach was shrinking rapidly. Through the door, Diana heard Gwen and knocked.

"Gwen? You okay?" She asked. The redhead only groaned in response, her gut still shrinking, the odd sensation overpowering her ability to put together words, "I'm coming in." With that Diana opened the door, something Gwen had forgotten to lock, and stepped inside. The redhead looked at her, eyes open wide as she clutched her stomach, which was now only slightly pudgy. Soon enough, that too had vanished, "What's wrong?" Diana asked, walking forward and putting a comforting hand on her friend's shoulder. Gwen panted lightly as she gained control.

"S-sorry about that. That cum didn't seem to agree with me too well." She said, chuckling lightly and stood up straight. The brunette frowned at her.

"Gwen, are you... are you taller?" She asked, looking the redhead up and down. Gwen did likewise, but couldn't tell and simply shrugged, "Never mind then, let's head back." The redhead nodded and washed her hands, though the sink did seem ever so slightly lower down than others. She shook her head and cleaned her hands up, returning with Diana to the private booth.

Allie and Kona had both calmed down. The play, while continuing to feature intensely arousing pornographic scenes, had yet to push either of them to the point that it overwhelmed them. The blonde was idly stroking her semi-erection through her pants, watching as 'Little' Red Riding Hood compulsively swallowed both the baker's and her wife's cum, opening her basket to catch some before leaving. Kona was abstaining from doing so, trying to keep calm.

"We're back." Gwen announced as she and Diana walked in. The petite Futa opened her mouth to welcome them back, only for the words to catch in her throat. Allie turned to face them to do the same, but stopped as she caught sight of the redhead's now flat stomach.

"Holy crap. That was some bathroom trip." She said in surprise, though with a wide grin, "Just let me know if you ever want me to, uh, give you something to drink." At the suggestion, Gwen felt her throat go dry. She wanted to take Allie up on her offer. It wouldn't be a bad thing really, just a quick blowjob, swallow the cum and enjoy the rest of the play, she thought. Although, Kona would want to get involved no doubt. She shook the ideas free of her mind.

"No thanks. Anyway, what did I miss?" She asked and sat down, taking her place on the end of the row, giving her a front row seat to the spectacle.

"Not much, Red Riding Hood gave the Baker and his wife a blowjob. I think we're about to get onto the Big Bad Wolf." Kona said, her eyes following Gwen. She couldn't look way, though why she couldn't quite say. It was probably because of her erection caused by the show, she thought and that Gwen did look better than normal. It wasn't just her loss of her massive abdomen, nor the slight increase to her bust. As a whole, she just looked... appealing.

The play continued. As it did so, it seemed like there were more and more sex scenes put in. Not only that, but several audience members had been brought up to participate on the fly, particularly in a scene with the Big Bad Wolf. The title was perfectly suited to the Futa playing her. They had wild, untameable black hair, an animal look in their eye, something Gwen could see even from her perch. Then there was her breasts, ass, cock and balls. The redhead couldn't tell where she should look the longest.

The wolf's breasts were large enough to obscure her navel. The skin was perfect as was to be expected, with puffy pink nipples perched atop them, surrounded by her engorged areolae. Each breast seemed perfectly conformed to her body, as if sculpted from marble by the finest artists, as was her lower half. Each of her testicles looked to be ready to pop, each surpassing that of beach balls. Upon her reveal, Kona's eyes widened at the sight.

"She, she's even bigger than I was." She stated in amazement, and no small amount of lust either. Gwen only nodded, her mind solely focussed on the Futa. Their cock was more than an equal match, as it trailed along the floor, despite her long legs and height of 6'5''.

"She's practically a Hyper." Allie giggled. In the back of her mind, Gwen felt jealous of that fact, "But not quite. I bet she's maybe four feet erect, tops. Gotta be at least six." She added, seemingly talking to herself. Gwen relaxed, but still felt annoyed that there was someone that big. Even so, that didn't stop her mouth from watering as she took it all in. The Futa's ass worked as a counterweight of sorts to her substantial front, each cheek swaying with her steps and jiggling in such an enticing manner. Gwen felt her cock pulse in lust, but she kept it under wraps.

Unlike the original where the wolf was introduced when meeting Little Red, they gave her a new scene. Although, Gwen thought, to call it a scene was generous as the actress literally walked down from stage and offered several women the chance to service her. They were all women, none were Futa. They serviced her eagerly.

Even from where she was, the redhead swore she could smell the Futa's overwhelming musk. She wiped away a string of drool before Allie or Kona could notice. The scene boiled down to the wolf fucking each woman and cumming inside of them, cutting her own orgasm short when one had swollen enough to look pregnant to full term. It was the first vaginal scene of the play, but it certainly wasn't the last. When it was done, the story continued.

In the private booth, both Allie and Kona were flushed. Their faces red as they breathed heavily through their mouths, almost panting. The effort of keeping their libidos in check straining their will to its limits. Neither understood exactly why they felt this way. Kona no longer believed it was simply the steamy show, or Gwen's slightly improved appearance, but she couldn't place it either. Allie showed no interest in relieving her stress with Diana, and neither did the brunette whose eyes remained locked on Gwen. Eventually it became too much.
