 Diana's Journal – Entry 1

This is exceptionally late into the experiment. I honestly can't believe I didn't consider this before, though it's not all that surprising; I've been known to neglect things like this in the past. Allie says that it always makes her laugh, since I'm one of the more exceptional students in the university. I'd be lying if I said I didn't see the humour in it. But I digress.

The reason for this journal is Gwen Anderson. She was the first, and currently only, volunteer to take my experimental drug. While Allie had done so unofficially several months ago, around August I believe. I can't be certain, everything gets a little hazy because of what she and I did in that time, honestly it makes me blush just thinking about it. I really shouldn't get embarrassed about such things, considering the subject matter of this journal. Back to the actual reason.

For the sake of those who may read this in the future, I should probably describe Gwen. I'll start with how she looked when I first met her, something that I can scarcely believe when I look at her now. She has striking red hair, crimson in the correct light, but usually a fiery scarlet. Gwen wears it long, the hem stopping at the centre of her back, falling in a straight wave when she brushed it. When she didn't have the time, locks of hair hang all over the place, usually obscuring her face. At times, it almost looked like she was an anime character come to life.

On the subject of her face, she was always a pretty girl. She had large, expressive eyes, with lively green irises. It was shame that, at least for a while, the key expression Gwen used had been mostly embarrassment. She was a nervous wreck when I met, stuttering harder than I would when Allie flirted openly with me. It was strange to see it from the outside.

She had a cute, button nose. Beneath that, her soft lips, thin at first, were often open with unspoken words. Eventually, they started to spread in smirks or grins. She has such a nice smile. Hopeless romantics tend to overuse the notion that a girl's smile lights up the room, but in this case, I feel like it's true. Gwen's sincere smiles feel like they could power a small star. Though maybe that's because I'm biased in her favour? Probably.

Before she started the trial, Gwen was... well, tiny. I only know one other person who was as small as her, although she was big in other ways. I don't believe I need to elucidate just what I mean. My redhead friend was petite in every sense of the word; small stature, small bust, thin arms and legs. If it weren't for her height of 5'2'', I'm pretty sure anyone would think her to be a child. That being said, she had been almost a foot under the average height.

I hadn't been all that interested in her at first. She was cute, undoubtedly so, but nothing about her necessarily struck out. It wasn't until she did her first session, with Allie and myself watching, that I took a liking to her. She was incredible, there wasn't much of a way to say it otherwise. Gwen, a visible virgin in the way she had carried herself, almost seemed like a different person. I, and Allie for that matter, could hardly believe it was the same girl. My sole lover at the time had even taken the liberty of adding some of her relaxing cum to Gwen's drink.

It may have contributed to the redhead's actions, but it certainly wasn't the catalyst. She had wanted to do it of her own accord, almost like her body had been building to such a point all her life. I wasn't necessarily wrong either, from what Beverly, Gwen's technical father, had told me. That's something for another time.

Anyway, after her first session, Gwen began to change. It wasn't just physical development, though it was rather surprising, and impressive, when she came back with a larger bust size along with her penis. And the surprises didn't stop there, far from it, she only impressed me further and further each time she came back to my lab. After the second session, Allie began to visit her at home, saying that she was helping Gwen adjust to her new features. I didn't entirely buy it, but my blonde lover did have the most experience with such things.

I was fairly certain it had been fabricated when Gwen next came back. Her body had changed drastically, her rate of growth way beyond what I had predicted it to be if she stayed on the experiment. Even so, she wasn't complaining, and neither was I. She was stunning by that point. Her breasts were large, but not obtrusively so, just the right size to entice the eye. Her lower body had filled out somewhat, though nowhere near the level of her chest. Most of it had gone to her new phallus. I didn't get a good view of it for a while, having to go off what I could see at a glance. At that time, I assumed her to be about fifteen inches.

I thought she was big back then. It genuinely makes me laugh now, I'm almost tempted to put in a smiley face... well, guess it's deserves one. Any who read this could ask Allie, and she would tell you how rare it is that I punctuate my emotions with emojis.

Back to Gwen, she only continued to grow. Kona, a close friend of mine and Allie's, came down as a favour. Allie said she wanted Kona to help her loosen Gwen up, since the redhead was still fairly uncomfortable with sexual matters. I couldn't blame her, even to this day I blush at the mere thought of anything erotic. My lover had been convinced that Gwen was holding back in some way. I knew there was no sense in trying to deter her; when Allie sets her mind to something, she will do it. It wouldn't surprise me if it took hell on earth to stop her.

At that time, I decided to do something I rarely ever did: act on impulse. As I said, I never did such a thing, but this time I didn't let myself think. Allie had given me advice before, saying that overthinking everything is the main reason I miss out on so much. I had only done something on impulse once before, from what I remember, in my entire life; and that was when I chose to lose my virginity to Allie. Okay, to be fair, I did act out one more time after that. Even now, I simply adore the feeling of my vagina being stretched.

Back to the matter at hand. I approached Gwen and, put simply, asked her out. Well, I did kiss her... not really, we basically made out. I've only been kissed like that by Allie, and only when we're both aroused to the point that it's hard to control ourselves. Needless to say, I was left wanting when she had to go. I actually feel kind of wet just thinking about it, though the fact that Gwen's in such close proximity to me right now probably doesn't help. She's easily one of the most beautiful, or simply hottest, Futanari alive right now.

I honestly feel glad to have known her before. If not, I would never believe her if she told me about herself before all of this. By that point, the redhead had gained a voluptuous body, with large breasts, shapely hips and an above average cock. I'd think several people would've been happy with that, but she seemed more than determined to go further, something I recognised when Allie had taken the first version. But at the same time, it was different, less like an addictive need, more like she was moving to her natural completion. Even I'm not entirely sure that makes sense.

The research I carried out following that brought me to my current theory. While it's not entirely sound, I find it's suitable. To keep it short and simple, the drug taps into the user's genes, activating the F chromosome, which had replaced the Y chromosome. In doing so, it also seems to activate dormant growth hormones, which would explain Gwen's breast and hip development. However, I don't see it going beyond human reasoning. In short, the drug works to bring the body to what it was supposedly meant to be.

I say supposedly, because it's difficult to believe Gwen was meant to look as she does now. But I'm getting ahead of myself. Over the following days, the redhead continued her growth. She told me later that Allie and Kona had both been visiting her at home, or rather, she had been swallowing far more semen than I had planned for her. Though Kona joined in at a later time.

Because of them, Gwen attained a body to die for. On a woman of her size, G cup breasts would be considered giant, however she blew past that size. One might even believe that her chest was determined to break past the alphabet, which it eventually did. By the time I next saw her, a day prior to her scheduled visit, and growth session, she was amazing. Obscuring much of her torso was her breasts, easily O cups. Even now I drool at the memory.

I do recall being stunned by her appearance. Of course, her bust had a large role to play in that, however it was her stomach that had me silent. She looked ready to drop octuplets at any moment, and yet she was able to walk fairly normally, as if the no doubt significant weight was barely there. Every new discovery I make only makes my pride on my drug grow greater. It's hard to imagine that I made such a thing capable of altering the human body to such a degree.

At the time, I had made a noticeable effort not to gawk at her. Of course that failed, and my eyes zeroed in on her lower body, where her hips had filled out nicely. While she lacked the coveted hourglass figure, she no longer seemed so extremely top heavy. When I later got a look at her from the rear, I found her ass to have expanded noticeably. Though the true sight to take in was her cock and balls, both creating an incredible bulge in her pants. She was far bigger than Allie or Kona, maybe even both combined.

That night we were at a musical. It was one of the first in twenty years, since many people no longer looked for much more than the internet or themselves and partners for entertainment. However, Golden, an incredibly popular pornographic company, decided it was time to bring the stage back in the only way they knew would work. They would adapt older plays, and potentially create new ones, into sexual versions. They weren't simple parodies that were somewhat popular two decades ago, but proper adaptations designed to revive the art.

I had to admit, I had my doubts. Though nowadays, I'm looking forward to the next show they adapt. Back to my recap. That night was possibly the greatest, no, as it stands it is the best night of my life, for multiple reasons. The one, and most obvious, was that Gwen, Allie, Kona and I shared something incredible, something I doubt I'll ever forget. The other, was that I met Gwen's mother; Beverly Anderson, my, without a doubt, favourite porn star. And she was so nice!

Honestly, I could gush and gush about her. But I won't go into that, at least not right now. To simplify the evening's events, Gwen and I lost our virginities. Before the chemical, I'd heard it was incredibly painful to break ones hymen, to the point that the first time was often an awful experience, but not anymore. I loved it, every part. The way I stretched, the feeling of Gwen's cock spearing through my purity, and as I was filled beyond anything I could've imagined. Pardon my language, but I really want to fuck right now.

That should be a pretty good indication as to how enjoyable that night had been. I'm glad to have the recording in my cloud storage, though the footage is also part of one of my prized possessions: Gwen's debut film. It's essentially a documentary of her growth, including a couple of interviews with the titular Futanari, all while she sucks and fucks hundreds of other Futanari, of varying sizes. My apologies, I'm getting off track again.

I'll bring the readers of this journal up to date on Gwen's growth. As of that night, she measured as the following:

Height: 7 foot 6 inches.

Bust: 36 Hyper A cup.

Balls: 26 inches in diameter, same size as a yoga ball.

Cock: 7 foot 8 inches erect. 3 foot 9 inches flaccid.

And as amazing as though are, that's nothing to what she later became. I should probably explain the Hyper bra size. Essentially, since Gwen outgrew the alphabet, which I know sounds impossible, but it happened. So, rather than pile on the Z's, she decide a new set of bra sizes would be needed. Hence the Hyper cup sizes. They work the same as normal, though each additional size is double a Z cup. For example, an Hyper C cup is essentially Zx3. At least, that's how Allie decided it should be.

Despite that, Gwen was far from done at an A cup. The day after that night, she had another session at the university. I took her measurements there, while also taking a blood and semen sample. Even now, I'm still working on isolating each portion of growth. While I'm not interested in profits, though I wouldn't say no by any means, I do want to make it so any customers can purchase that which they want most. That sounds a little confusing. Put simply, I want to make a drug for cock, breast, balls, and height growth each. Not just one that could encompass all four aspects.

I realise parts of what I wrote sound something like a politician trying to seem kind and courteous, however I am sincere. Anyway, that's for another time (something I seem to be saying quite frequently). Moving on, Gwen only kept on growing. After the session the following day, which involved about fifty Futanari, each ranging from 2'6'' – 3'4'', and with a load to match, she was far bigger. It seemed that her body was able to better process the semen as time passed. 

Judging by a survey I'd taken prior to the session, each Futanari was able to produce between one gallon and three gallons of cum. From what I'd seen, some had been concerned that if they let on how much they could produce, I wouldn't let them continue. It made me wonder if they'd heard about what had happened the previous night, which would be impressive, given how quickly the news had travelled. Either way, I had seen several Futanari produce at least seven gallons of semen alone. Gwen swallowed it all without care. After all was said and done, her measurements were as such:

Height: 8 foot 4 inches.

Bust: 38 Hyper B cup, yes she essentially doubled her bust size.

Balls: 28 inches in diameter. They're growth was only 

Cock: 9 foot nothing erect. 4 foot 6 inches flaccid.

By that point, Allie was certain Gwen was something called a Macro. By definition, a Macro is someone well over human proportions, in both height and endowments. Then she went ahead and told me that Gwen might also be a Hyper Macro. It was almost getting to the point that I suspected she was simply making these terms up, just to spread the word or something. However, she directed me to a website filled with such things. To describe a Hyper Macro, it's essentially someone who's both Hyper and Macro. Meaning their bodies are capable of becoming quite literally ginormous.

After hearing about that, I couldn't not research it. Once the session was over, I asked for another sample of Gwen's fluids, and later her mother's. Fortunately, Beverly was more than willing. While the results couldn't be conclusive without Hilda, Gwen's other parent, I did find out one more thing; both Gwen and Beverly have the same genetic makeup. It wasn't just that they shared DNA, of course they did, but there was something else beneath it. I was top of my class and I'd never seen anything quite like it.

I should probably explain what no doubt seems like a hole in the story. No doubt, I should've seen it before, but I'm one of those people who, while smart, tends to miss the obvious things. As such, I'd missed the odd cells within Gwen's body. Allie wasn't simply applying labels she'd found on the internet, her intuition was right on the mark. Gwen was something new, her and possibly her parents as well. It's been quite some time since I found that out, but even now, I get giddy just thinking about it. Though, I've yet to notify others of this.

I like to believe my reasons are perfectly just. Despite the advancements made by humanity over the previous two decades, we are still greedy. If I told anyone else about her genes, I doubt she'd be allowed to roam freely, at least, not without a million restrictions. Believe me, it saddens me to admit it about my own kind. To stop that, I decided there was a simple method to do so; wait until there are others like Gwen's family. Enough that, if the government mistreated them, they'd see a massive public backlash.

It was never meant for this journal to have a bit of a political rant, but I'll stop there. I will also ask that anyone who reads this, please do not reveal Gwen's unique genetic makeup. Not until others have been revealed to have it. Also, if anyone knows someone they think might be like this, can you try to convince them to come to me? Chances are they have a fetish for growth and want to grow themselves. I want to help them with that.

Sorry to veer so far off track. Back to Gwen and her continuing growth. Over the following three days, leading to her next scheduled session at the university, Kona and Allie both spent much of their time fucking the redhead. Unfortunately, I was working to improve the drug for future trials and the eventual release. Many of the people who were at the theatre had spread the word, including what little they knew about the drug itself. Inevitably, I had found several messages on my tablet from strangers and acquaintances alike. 

They were all inquiring about the drug and if they could apply for the experiment. Who was I to turn them down? I told them to come in and I'd take a look. In truth, I wanted to find out if there was truly others with similar genes as Gwen. I'd taken their samples and found out that quite a few had the same, or almost extremely similar cells as my redheaded lover. Strangely, they were all quite lacking physically. The tallest had been 5'7'' and the most well-endowed was a G cup. None were Futanari.

Returning to Gwen, her growth was unending. At the end of her next session, she almost had to crawl around my home. Upon Beverly seeing this, she said that Golden were working on a solution to the problem, though they had one condition; Gwen had to sign on with them, something she did readily. She was yet to star in any films, with the sole exception of her 'documentary'. Kona was constantly filming her, at least during any sexual act and when she grew. Gwen's measurements after that session was as such:

Height: 9 feet 11 inches.

Bust: 38 Hyper D cup. As far as I can say, it's good that her height is increasing, otherwise her torso would be more breast than anything. As it is, Kona has said she gets lost in her cleavage, literally. 

Balls: 32 inches in diameter.

Cock: 11 feet 2 inches erect. 5 feet 8 inches flaccid.

Some might think I'm lying, but to mitigate such thoughts I've included pictures of Gwen (author note: any artists who might be struck by the desire to make artwork for this story, by all means go ahead). As can be seen, she's incredible just as I've said. Now then, onto her next set of measurements after her next session.

Height: 11 feet 2 inches.

Bust: 42 Hyper G cup. Allie decided to remodel how she measures Hyper bra sizes now, though not by much. Essentially, she chose not to measure in multiples of Z cups, rather she now adds about half of such a bra size onto each cup. Her reasoning being that the further into the alphabet a bra size went, the hotter it became. Honestly, I'd have to agree with her. Going on her old cup measurement, Gwen would've only been roughly a DD cup.

Balls: 34 inches in diameter. Surprisingly, when compared to the rest of her body, her balls weren't growing that fast. Part of me wondered if they were preparing, in a sense, to expand massively at some point.

Cock: 13 feet 4 inches erect. 7 feet 1 inch flaccid.

It was shocking to me that she was still growing so much. She wasn't far from the drugs expiration date, so I'd assumed she would have started slowing down somewhat. If anything, it seemed she was growing faster, at least her endowments were. Her height was fairly stable in its development. There was approximately three more sessions left, before the drug was set to run out. Even without growing anymore, she, and her cock, towered above me, Allie and Kona. If she had kept up her current rate of growth, we could stand on each other's shoulders and she would still be taller.
