 Author's Notes: WARNING!! This story contains extreme growth and Hyper sized cocks. If you've read the previous epilogue chapter, this may be up your alley, however if not, then I strongly urge that you either read it, or do not continue if cocks five stories tall does not appeal to you. You have been warned. Those who continue, enjoy.

*****

Gwen's Journal Entry #1:

I noticed Diana writing in her own journal and, well, I decided I'd start my own. She said she was going to recap some of what I'd been through, and how I reached my current size. It's weird just to write that honestly, even thinking about the fact that I've changed so much in a relatively short amount of time. I know it's hard to imagine, but picture turning a scrawny five foot tall woman, into what's basically a giant. I haven't read her stuff yet, but I'm sure Diana's entry is written a hell of a lot better than this. And it's just the first paragraph.

Anyway, poorer writing skills aside, I've decided I should give some documentation to my life after what she's written so far. Honestly, it's not all that different right now, except that Golden gave me a call a few hours ago, saying that they've almost got my house finished. My own house! And one that I might actually be able to fit in.

As it stands, I'm forced to practically double over in Diana's apartment. While it's spacious, thankfully big enough for my balls and flaccid cock to fit without much issue, but if I get erect, or forget to stay bent over when standing... I doubt it'd go very well. It's only been a day since I had my last session at the university, and, supposedly, the drug in my system should run dry today. I'm not sure how to feel about that honestly. On one hand, it means I don't have to worry about growing even more, which will help with clothes buying since it already costs a fortune just to commission my custom underwear and other articles of clothing. But then there's the shallow side of me.

Okay, so I should really be satisfied with what I've got right now. After all, I've got a 26 foot dick, breasts bigger than yoga balls, and testicles at least three times the size of my breasts. Not to mention the fact that I'm over twice as tall as Allie. But, well, I don't know how to necessarily explain better than this; I just want to keep going. Don't misunderstand, I'm not addicted... probably... It's like, I look at myself and, while I'm overjoyed at how I've turned out, I kind of feel like I could be better. But I'm not a fool.

Any bigger and I doubt there'll be anyway for me to go on living. At best, I'd be confined to my house, assuming that it's built with my body and possible continued growth in mind. I'm not even sure Golden would take me. They know I've got a 26 foot cock and haven't said anything, so I assume they don't necessarily mind, though they might've changed some of their initial plans. The problem I'm faced with is whether I want to resist my body's desires, or let them run rampant... I need advice.

Gwen's Journal Entry #2

Two entries on the first day, that's not bad right? Anyway, I just got off the phone with my Mum, Beverly Anderson. I mostly remember the conversation, so here's how it went down.

"Hello?" My mum asked as she answered the phone. I could hear the sounds of people bustling about, no doubt setting up for that night's performance. The play was a huge success, as such it's been running for a few weeks now, and no one seems tired of it yet.

"Hi mum, um, I wanted to talk to you about something." I told her, jumping to the case. I could imagine her expression turning to one of motherly concern, as I had seen fairly often during my childhood.

"Of course, honey. Everything alright?" She asked, the sounds in the background growing fainter as she went somewhere quieter.

"Well, yeah, but... um, I'm not sure how to say it." I said, biting my lip in uncertainty. My mum sighed.

"Out with it, sweetie. You know nothing will shock me or make me love you less." I couldn't help but grin at that. It was true. Even when I was kid and broke one of her favourite 'toys', she just smiled, shook her head and didn't give me dessert that night. But she never yelled at me in anger. I'll never, in my entire life, know why my mum's the way she is.

"Okay, well... You know how big I am and everything, well, uh, the drug in my system's apparently going to run out-"

"And you want to get one last growth spurt in?" She asked, cutting me off. She's psychic, I swear.

"Yeah, basically." I said simply.

"Honey, it depends on what you sincerely want, not just your body, but you. I'm sure you'll look stunning no matter how big you grow, and I can't make the decision for you, but what is it you want?" She asked, sounding just as she would when I asked her for something as a kid.

"That's the thing, I don't know. I mean, I feel like I want to, but I'm not sure if I should. I mean, I'm giant, any bigger and I don't think I'll be able to function in society. Hell, I don't think I can as I am now." I told her, voice getting somewhat hysterical. Couldn't help it honestly, I can get that way sometimes. Even now, with my pretty extreme change in personality, I'm not so confident in myself that I'm immune to my old tendencies. Such as getting easily flustered.

"Gwen, sweetie. Deep breaths," I did as she told me, "There's no one like you in the world right now, you know that. But Diana's been telling me some interesting things about that drug of hers." I calmed down, and told her to continue. Curiosity never failed to calm me, "From what she said, it taps into hidden genes." I was about to tell her I knew that, but then she said, "Or it can create them."

"What?" I all but exclaimed. Diana had never mentioned anything like that before, not even recently. 

"Yeah. She says that it can create the right chemicals within the human body, there was a few parts I didn't really understand, but the gist of it is that she could make a drug that makes people like you. That is to say, a Macro." She told me, to which I sighed in minor annoyance. Allie was well on the way to making Macro and Hyper a legitimate title.

"So what you're saying is that-" I began.

"You probably won't be the only giant Futa eventually." My mum finished for me, "It might take a while, she's gotta get it finished and out on shelves first obviously." I nodded despite her being unable to see, "But yes, you'll have people like you soon enough."

"Thanks, Mum... why didn't Diana tell me this?" I asked, to which I could practically see my mum shrugging.

"Dunno. Maybe she noticed you were worried about this and didn't want to get your hopes up." She answered.

"Yeah, that sounds like her. Um, Mum, can I ask a favour?"

"Anything, honey."

"Can you try and set up another session for me? Like the ones Diana did? Only bigger. I think... I think I really do wanna grow bigger." I was almost worried she would say no, that I really am already too inhumanly large. But I was telling the truth, now that I knew that others like me could potentially come into existence, I knew most places would start to alter their doors and building proportions. Assuming enough people like me came to light. 

"Of course, dear. 2:30 sound okay to you?" She asked. I glanced at the time, it was 1:15PM, giving me plenty of time to get ready.

"Yep."

"Great. Let's see if we can't get you a fifty foot cock, eh?" She asked jokingly, before saying goodbye and hanging up. At least, I assumed she was joking, since if she wasn't, I doubt I'd wanna stop her from trying. Though we've only got a few hours really before the drug runs out. Though I'll save that for my next entry.

Diana's Journal Entry #2:

I had a brief nap earlier. Not sure why, but I felt really tired. Today's one of the few days I take off from working entirely, and it's a good thing too. I doubt I would be able to keep my eyes open. Not that a day off here and there particularly matter, as I'm well on course for completing the drug. With any luck, I might even be able to get the first variation, the Futanari transformation type, out onto the market fairly soon. So anyone reading this, should keep an open in pharmacies or doctor facilities.

Though I'm sure, given what I've said, some are confused as to how they can make use of it from home. Well, I always intended for the final version to require very little semen to work. Ideally, you should be able to ingest an average Futanari's orgasm, and that'll result a decent sized growth, though I would advise seeking out more if you're looking to develop a larger penis. If I'm able to get it just right, a litre of cum should produce a nine inch cock and proportionate balls. I doubt I must explain much more.

Something of note right now, is that I've found my bra is tighter than before. It's strange to say the least, as I had assumed my body had stopped developing, though there's always room for error when it comes to nature. I won't complain however, my breasts are slightly below the national average.

This does bring something to mind however. When Kona first came and she spent time with Gwen, the morning after she had awoken with a vastly expanded bust. I had come to the conclusion that Gwen's semen had done that to her, as if the drug had seeped into her cum somehow, but when Allie and I hadn't seen any growth, I discarded the theory. It seemed like it had just been a growth spurt.

Now I can't say for certain. There's a very real possibility the growth was just delayed. I might wake up tomorrow morning with giant breasts, or Allie could have the Hyper cock she always wanted. There's no way for me to be a hundred percent about this, but it does seem quite likely. I won't know until later and I can't run tests, even on myself since the university is shut today for refurbishing. I'll just have to wait, though it would be easier if Allie, Gwen and Kona were back. I still don't know where they are.

Guess, I'll just have to pass the time some other way. Good thing that I've at least got a stockpile of television shows to watch. I'll write again another time.

Gwen's Journal Entry #3:

Well... it's been a week since I wrote anything. Diana's been typing away like crazy, though from what I've seen, it's nothing of real note. Well, nothing I can't write myself and I can guarantee I go into more detail than her; Diana prefers to keep her wits about her. And, while I'd much rather keep my tablet from being drenched in cum, I'm more lax when it comes to letting myself go. But I'll go through the more mundane parts of my life since my last entry.

The most noteworthy thing of late is that my house is finished! I feel the exclamation point is necessary here. It's the first place of my very own, built specifically for me by Golden, so long as I signed a contract with them, though it wasn't exactly hard to do when you think about it. And yes, it's awesome in the best way possible. Typically, a story is about 10 feet high, well that obviously needed to be upped a great deal to support my living standards. Before we get to the sexy stuff, let me just give a brief tour of my home.

Walking in, there's a long hallway with a staircase on my left. Down that, you can see the kitchen, spotless and cleaned to perfection, gleaming in the slightest light. Along the hall, there's the sitting room. In there you can see my couch, I say my couch because it's scaled to support my body, and another much smaller couch for my guests. Well, I say guests, I basically mean Diana, Allie and Kona, who're staying with me. It's the least I can do honestly.

There's one final room on the ground floor. It's my room naturally, since it would be a good deal harder to support my weight without the earth under me. For now it's pretty bland with a bed, a TV and a walk-in wardrobe, but it serves its purpose. Now, some people might think a king sized bed would suffice, but that's far from true. Golden had to create a Macro sized bed for me. It wasn't just that, but the ceiling in my room was a great deal higher than the entire house itself.

Why you may ask, well that's for something at a later date. But I will say that it's necessary, lest I break the roof with a certain something of mine. I doubt it's hard to guess given what's been written before this. I'm even writing this with my tablet set up on my cock, which has become something of a seat for me. I can still move freely, but when I'm home, it's easier to sit back and relax. My balls make the perfect pillows at these times. Anyway, on with the rest of the tour.

Upstairs, there are three guest rooms. They're normal sized for the most part, with ordinary sized furniture that's reinforced just in case I need them, though that shouldn't be the case. The house has three bathrooms, though only one is made with a shower and bathtub, which is massive of course. Aside from being made to handle my immense stature, it was also designed to be able to take my load if necessary. Which brings me to one, if not, the most important part of the house. The cleaning system.

That doesn't sound like much, but when it's made to deal with several hundred gallons of cum... it's pretty amazing. And that's on a regular basis as well, considering my current sex drive. It's incredible honestly, just to think about how much I've changed, physically and mentally. From my increase of several feet, to my new outlook on sex and life in general. Which reminds me, I should probably write about my final ever growth spurt. Everyone comfortable and got lube handy? Good.

It was pretty much directly after my last entry. My mum sent me a text to head to a warehouse owned by Golden, though, from what I knew, it was empty. As I believe I mentioned before, I'm not dumb by any means, as such I knew full well what she intended to use it for. It wasn't far from Diana's apartment either, so I could walk. I didn't wear much, partly because I didn't have many clothes that even fit around my chest or hips after my recent growth. Even after everything, I blushed something fierce from all of the looks I got walking down the street.

It wasn't hard to tell why. My giant, Hyper V cup breasts bouncing sexually on my chest with every step. Not only that, but the way my hips swayed as I walked, my heart shaped ass clear through my tight pants, which were the only pair I had that didn't tear from the size of my cock. Speaking of which, I knew many eyes were inevitably drawn to the main cause of curves in my lower body. While my hips were wide and ideal for baring children, they weren't the primary source of my new hourglass figure. That would be my bundled up cock and balls.

This was the only way I could walk around in public. While society is vastly more lenient to anything sexual, indecent exposure is still against the law here. Yes, there are massive advertisements for pornographic films and the like in large cities, however they are censored and specifically aired at times when most children would be at home or, at the very least, not outside. Just because the world is so extremely sexualised, doesn't mean we're without our morals. Kids are still very much a no go.

Anyway, I arrived at the warehouse in a little over five minutes. At a glance, it was obvious something was going on, since dozens, and I do mean dozens, of cars were parked all over the place. I'd almost think that the entire performance staff from Golden were here. That would be something to see, as I know from my mum's testimony that everyone signed with Golden, whether they're performers or otherwise, are at least 10 inches if they're Futanari. The thought alone had me licking my lips.

When I walked in, I gaped in shocked silence. The warehouse was completely empty, save for the hundreds of naked Futanari, all of whom were chatting and stroking themselves or each other. It wasn't the number of people, at least not entirely, but rather it was the amount of them that were actually huge. None were Hyper, as was to be expected since I was the first Hyper in existence from what I know, but at least two dozen of them were close. My mum saw me quickly and walked up. To my surprise, my other mother was with her.

Her name is Hilda and next to Beverly, she's the most beautiful woman I know. She has electric blue hair, dyed obviously, a curvaceous figure with large J cup breasts and wide, voluptuous hips, with a large firm ass. She's lacking in the Futanari department when compared to Beverly and myself, sporting a 26 inch cock and fairly large, softball sized balls. She's a bit below average height at 5'9''.

"My, my, Gwen. You really filled out." She said in greeting, and hugged me immediately. I wasn't given a chance to be flustered or worried by her reaction, her actions showing quickly that what I looked like didn't matter. Though it was funny that her body was almost completely covered by my breasts, but I doubt she complained. As I soon found out, she, like her wife, did have some incestuous fantasies.

"Y-yeah, I guess you could say that, Mum." I'd never really given it any thought before, but no that I did think about it, I didn't actually know which of them was my actual mother. It especially hard, since both of them were naturally born Futanari prior to the chemical spill. It was incredibly rare at that time, but it happened, and they met. I imagine they were surprised that I was born a normal girl. Every time I asked who was the mother and the father, they just smirked and shrugged. But if I had to guess, I'd say that Beverly was the pitcher on that night.

"A bit of an understatement, I'd say." Beverly jumped in, joining the hug. My body flushed slightly with the both of them hugging me so close. I couldn't exactly help it, considering their bodies.

"True, true." Hilda said and pulled back. I'm using their names for the sake of avoiding confusion for myself and whoever might read this, "Gotta say, I like the new look, honey. You finally let out all that potential." She noted with a kind, yet lewd grin. I blushed slightly at her remark.

"I guess so, yeah. It's been a ride." I said, laughing lightly. It really had been quite the experience, growing from my old, scrawny self, to the new and improved me.

"So I've heard. Now then," She said, and clapped her hands together, "Shall we see if we can't give this ride of yours a grand finale?" Hilda was always one for theatrics, not surprising considering her profession as a successful Hollywood actress. Everyone in the warehouse turned to face me and, despite having only seen a few, I recognised several faces from porn movies Diana and Allie had shown me.

"I got everyone down for you. I told them this is way too good an opportunity to pass off, though they didn't buy it at first, then I gave them all a picture of you and they came running." Beverly told me, reaching up and placing a hand on my back, urging me onward. If I wanted to, she wouldn't have been able to move me at all. I know it didn't need to be said, but I can't help myself sometimes. Anyone would feel smug if they were like me. Sorry but chances are it's true.

"Wait, you mean everyone?" I asked, shocked even as I let her push me forward. Glancing around, I saw dozens of two or three foot cocks, with several four or five footers mixed in. None were smaller than a foot. And all of them, and I do mean all of them, had balls bigger than cantaloupes. In an unconscious move, I put a hand on my stomach, almost lamenting the fact that my current six pack, though it wasn't extremely defined, would soon be lost. At least for a while.

"Yep, like I said, I'm going to give you a real growth spurt. Diana's sessions were fine and all, but I think you need something a little more, uh, frequent." Beverly explained and waved her arm around the room as she spoke next, "Everyone in this room is able to go at least five times. But guess what?" I honestly didn't know what she was getting at for a while, though, looking back, I should've known.
