 Author's Note: In case it's not obvious by the end of this, I do have plans to create a proper sequel to Autus, but it won't happen for quite some time. I have several other projects that have been neglected in recent weeks/months. Without further ado, enjoy.

*****

Kona's Journal Entry #1:

Well, since Gwen and Diana are writing, I figured; why not? I could use something to get my thoughts down, since I'm somewhat frustrated by something, which I really shouldn't be. I mean, I've been fine with my body since I realised I was basically stuck with it, though I do have my pretty big cock, and my breasts are pretty big for my stature. But, well, after everything's that happened around me, I feel... I don't know. I guess I'm feeling my size.

I'm 4'11''. My cock is 2 feet exactly and my breasts are decent G cups. Aside from that, I don't really have any curves. My hips are boyish, though they do have a slight flare to them, and my waist is thin like pretty much everyone else's. If it weren't for my larger than average cock or my below average height, there'd be nothing different about me really. And then there's Allie, Diana and Gwen.

They're my friends without a doubt. Well, we're closer than that, more like lovers and I do love them all. So nothing seems like it should be wrong right? Well, they've all been growing like mad. Gwen I was used to for a while, but then she just exploded in height. Now she's almost five times bigger than I am, and her cock is twenty times the size of mine and her breasts could fit several of me inside of them. Even her nipple cocks are bigger than my dick.

Allie isn't anywhere near that size thankfully. But that doesn't change the fact that her cock is eight feet, her breasts are at least Z cups, and her balls are bigger than me. Diana hasn't changed as much, though I suspect if she was a Futa, she would've exploded just the same. Her breasts are now Hyper sized, her bra size being a Hyper C cup, though it's not much compared to Gwen's Hyper ZZ tits. Diana's hips had flared out, as well as her ass. Neither were particularly shapely before, but now it's hard to take my eyes off them.

The only real point of this is for me to whine that I haven't grown much at all. I had one spurt a while ago from Gwen's cum, but Diana thinks that's because the drug was active in Gwen's system as well. Though she's yet to realise that it doesn't make much sense, since she had also ingested a large amount of cum around the same time as well, but nothing happened to her. Nothing about this is really making any sense.

The only thing I know for certain is that I'm actually quite jealous of everyone. I mean, I've always taken pride in my dick, since most people didn't have ones any bigger, with the exception of Golden's performers. I've been casually asking Diana about her progress on the drug almost every day now, hoping that she would possibly even let me have some, though I never said as much. She's told me almost each time that she needs to get some more human trials done before she can get it out for sale.

Golden were currently working on getting Gwen's semen on the market as well. They were going to advertise it as a possible growth inducer and potent aphrodisiac. I could always buy those, however, after the disappointing growth from last time, I don't think it'll do the job. I could always volunteer for the human trials, since Diana doesn't know the effects her drugs will have on pre-existing Futanari, but it's way too embarrassing for me. Something not many people know about me; I'm a bit of a coward when it comes stuff like this. I'm just gonna have to wait until it comes out.

Diana's Journal Entry #4:

Well, it's been almost a month since my last entry. In that time things have been flying by: the drug is finished, in all of its forms. Testing went by without a hitch, investors were chomping at the bit to get in on the certain gold mine, and life's settled down quite a lot. That isn't to say there haven't some continuing changes, some less, uh, satisfying than others. The big one is that Kona had to go back to her apartment in the neighbouring city.

She said she would come back and visit again. I'm worried for her honestly, since she had a kind of far off look in her eye when she said that, but Allie trusted her and even went back to her childhood days to get our petite lover to pinkie swear on it. She's been calling from time to time, so there isn't any real need to worry for her, but I can't help doing so, it's in my nature. While I'm on the subject of worrying, there's something that's got me concerned almost every waking moment.

About two weeks after my last entry, I began to experience bouts of sickness every morning. Doesn't take a genius to figure it out right? I'm pregnant, and with quite the impressive litter. From what I can tell, the conception occurred about a month ago, and already I'm showing quite clearly. Gwen and Allie are both potential fathers, but neither care, they want to help me however best they can. I've heard that many pregnant women have cravings, usually for food, but mine's different. I crave cum.

Because of this, I haven't been able to resist Gwen's. Well, we all know what that led to. I'm now sporting a proud pair of Hyper G cup breasts, though it does seem that they've stopped growing. For now, I'm waiting to see when my milk comes in. Ever since the world changed, pregnancies have naturally altered as well, leading to a minimum of three children per birth. It also caused the mammary glands to change as well, casing milk production to sky rocket. The average woman can lactate as much as a well-trained cow.

I'm sure you're wondering why I'm worried about this. It seems like I'm calm and know what I'm doing here, and yes I do, but there's a few factors that make this pregnancy rather unusual. The first is the parents. Even if the children are mine and Allie's, that means they'll definitely inherit the Hyper gene, and if they're mine and Gwen's, then there's a good chance they'll be Macros. I'm uncertain as to how that may affect the pregnancy as a whole. Then there's the quantity of babies I might have.

Before, cum production meant nothing as to how many young a woman bore. Now it does, as the ovaries respond to the amount of semen in the womb and release eggs appropriately. I've been inflated well beyond human limits several times by both Allie and Gwen. For all I know, I could have a legion of young steadily growing in my womb. Gwen doesn't seem worried though, since she's confident her cum will make the birth easy. I'm not so certain.

That isn't to say I don't trust her, it's just a complex situation. Not that it does much good to dwell on things I can't control. It doesn't really matter what they turn out like, whether they're normal, Hyper or Macro, I'll love them all the same, and so will Allie and Gwen. I honestly don't know what I've done to deserve them in my life.

Allie has also said that she's been feeling a bit off lately. It was a joke, but she did wander if she was pregnant as well, considering the fact that she and Gwen had both fooled around quite frequently. But it's got me wondering as well. With all of us living together, finance isn't really an issue. Gwen's cum is selling extremely well, and the projected sales of my drugs were all fairly high as well, combined with our work with Golden I doubt money will be an issue. Space on the other hand might very well be.

As it stands, Gwen's replaced her old bed with a larger one. It was the only way to support her massive frame, my giant breasts and growing stomach, and Allie's own Hyper endowments. Speaking of which, since my last entry she's stopped growing from Gwen's cum, though her final state is nothing to sneeze at. She now sports Hyper D cup breasts, a 14 foot cock (when it's erect that is, it's about 6 feet when soft.), and balls about 50 inches in diameter each, making each testicle about twice the size of a yoga ball. It's a bit of a relief that she isn't growing anymore.

That's basically all of the updates for now. I'll probably be checking in from time to time to document my pregnancy, since it's no doubt the first of its kind. Until next time then...

Kona's Journal Entry #2:

Geez, I started this and basically abandoned it. My bad I guess. Well, it's been over a month so I have plenty to write about at least. I decided to head back to my own place, away from Allie and the others. As much as I love them, and miss the daily fucking, I couldn't really concentrate on much of anything there, well, besides my jealousy. There's a part of me that almost hates them for growing like they've done. But it's quickly silenced by rationality.

Either way, it doesn't matter now. Why you may ask? Well, Diana's drug finally went on sale today - she sent me an e-mail about it - so I should be able to catch up. I'm heading to the nearest drug store now actually, so I'll check back in when I'm done. Kona out...

Kona's Journal Entry #3:

I think I might have gone a bit overboard on the purchase. Diana hadn't mentioned just how many variations there were to it, all of them designed to either handle a specific part of the body, or to give a small boost to everything else. Of course there was only for that caused Futanarization! That was the name given to the drug, though I know Diana didn't choose it. No doubt she would've chosen something different and less exciting.

When I entered the store I saw another person looking over the products. She looked vaguely familiar; her hair was a platinum blonde, which fell in waves to her extremely shapely rear, the cheeks of which trembled enticingly with her movements, though it looked firm as well. She had wide hips, perfect for gripping as she rode you, which tapered up into her slender waist. As I expected, that soon filled out into her large rack. She looked from side to side as if she were an animal and I got a look at her face; it was Connie, the girl Gwen had been crushing on.

I found it strange that she was in this city, since she seemed to live and work in the other one. Though it wasn't all that odd, considering that many people commuted back and forth between towns for work. Deciding to interact, I walked up beside her and struck up a conversation.

"What you looking for?" I asked, thinking it was as good as any way to start. She jumped a little, bringing a small grin to my face, and turned to face me. For a moment she didn't recognise me, then she placed my face in her memory. We hadn't met, but I was hard to forget since I'm so small.

"Oh, hi. Um, you're Gwen's friend right?" She asked, seeming to struggle slightly when she said Gwen's name.

"Yeah. My name's Kona." I introduced myself, holding out a hand. She glanced down and took it. I could tell she was holding back a smirk at how small my hand was in comparison to hers.

"Connie, nice to meet you." She said and let go, turning back to peruse the products. I did likewise, noticing the various strengths to each of the drugs. The measurements weren't anything special, done in scales of 1 - 5. For instance: a level 1 breast growth would cause an increase of a cup size with about a litre of sperm intake, whereas a 5 could lead to possible Hyper size with the same amount. The Futanarization! Drugs were done slightly differently in that the levels decided what else would be featured in the growth. Like a 2 would cause one to become a Futa and grow larger breasts.

The sperm intake is a requirement for all of them. I'm not entirely sure why, though it's not all that important, though I'm sure there's something in it that triggers the growth. Eventually, I saw what caught my eye: Height Enhancer Level 3. I smirked at the warning label; Warning! May cause Macro sized growth, for reference see back of the box. On the back was a picture of Gwen, standing beside a famous model who was well known to be 6'2''. The redhead really was giant.

Connie peered over to see what I was looking at, but backed away quickly. She didn't seem to think I noticed, but I did. It clearly wasn't the product itself that made her look away so fast. I wished I knew what she was thinking honestly, though I knew this was out of the ordinary for her, since I knew people like her were usually bursting with confidence. She seemed like a wreck at the moment though, not in terms of physical appearance, but the way she carried herself she looked... haggard? I think that's the best word for it.

"Something up?" I decided to ask, putting the drug back. She didn't look at me, or even answer really, she just shrugged, "It's Gwen isn't it?" While I knew I shouldn't pry, I couldn't stop myself. That got a reaction. She faced me with a mix of uncertainty and fear in her eyes. From what I could tell, the fear stemmed from the fact that she wasn't used to feeling that way.

"It's that obvious?" She asked, her voice was unsteady. I nodded.

"You've never been rejected before, have you?" I followed up. I knew I was pushing her a bit here, but at the same time, it felt necessary. My mums always told me I was highly empathetic, and it's kind of become a talent of mine. She shook her head, eyes shining slightly with unshed tears. It didn't take a genius to see that she still had quite a bit of emotional growth to do. I smiled warmly at her, "It sucks doesn't it?" She nodded mutely in reply.

"It's weird," She said, "I never thought twice about her before. I mean, she was cute and all, but nothing about her stood out. And then she goes and... ha, well, you know." She told me, grinning slightly.

"Believe me, I do."

"I really never thought I could be rejected. It was always me telling others 'no', never the other way around. Damn, I feel like some blonde bitch from those cheesy 80s movies." She said. Even to this day, the 80s remain a part of our culture, no matter how much it's mocked, "Heh, don't know why I'm telling you this." I just shrugged and gave her a small smile.

"Dunno. People say I just have that face." I told her, giving my most innocent look. She smirked broadly at that, no doubt finding it amusing to see what appears to be a young girl with large breasts acting just like that; a young girl.

"Yeah, I guess you do." I caught her eye glancing downward, one of her eyebrows raising in surprise at my in auspicious bulge, "Whoa."

"Hmm? Oh, yeah, I'm a Futa." I said, giving a slight thrust with my hips to accentuate the fact. She nodded, eyes focused on my crotch.

"And a pretty big one from the looks of it," She shook her head as if to clear her thoughts, turning back to the drugs, "So, why're you here? You don't look like you need anything from here." It was my turn to look away now, a blush creeping onto my face. Ideally, I wouldn't have answered, but that would hardly be fair now would it?

"I-I... I don't know how to really say it. I'm jealous I guess." She caught on quickly.

"Because of Gwen, right?" She asked, hitting it right on the nose.

"Pretty much, well, my other friends grew a bit as well." I explained, still blushing. Without warning, she put her hand on my head, gently petting me. As demeaning as it may sound, the contact was quite pleasant. Then, when I looked up at her, she said what caused the first sentence of my entry.

"Why don't we, hmm, show 'em up, huh?" She asked, a wide, mischievous grin on her face. It reminded me of Allie's.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I've got a fair bit of money stashed away for a rainy day, and I'm pretty someone like you works in the porn business, right?" I nodded, guessing where she was going with this, but uncertain all the same, "Well," She grabbed several level 5 height growth drugs from the shelves, holding them in front of me, "Why not put them to shame?"

"But... One of those could make me like 15 feet tall." That caught her by surprise and she put back a few, leaving only four in her hand.

"Fine, two for you and two for me." She told me, handed two of them over even as she reached up to get others.

"Why you as well?" I asked, to which her expression faded slightly.

"I have my reasons." That was all she said, grabbing several of the Futanarization! Drug, all high level versions and a variety of others, "Anyway, you in or out?" She asked, raising an eyebrow as she picked up another packet. She wanted to show up Gwen, something that honestly seemed impossible, even with the drugs on display. But, even so, I couldn't deny that I wanted to try it. It was a massive decision to make really.

I was essentially going to completely alter my body from the inside. At the end of all this, I'd be completely different. I'll admit, the thought frightened me, but at the same time it excited me. The way I saw it, I had three options: One; stay as I am right now, two; become like Gwen with maybe a couple of changes, three; try to do my own thing. I smirked at Connie and put back the height growth, replacing them with Futanarization! I don't think Diana knew what would happen with this, so I guess it was as good a time as any to try it out.

"Aren't you a Futa already?" Connie asked me, though she was grinning.

"Yeah, but who knows, this might make me even more of a Futa." I told her, jokingly. She just chuckled and picked up a basket, putting drugs in it left and right. I helped, letting a sense of excitement get the better of me. I almost couldn't believe I was doing it, but enjoyed it nonetheless. The cashier seemed pleased to see us buying so much of the new stock.

In the end we walked out with enough to make an entire party of people become Hyper sized. It sounds extreme I know, and that's because it's completely and utterly over the top extreme. I mentioned that to Connie casually while we were walking back to my place.

"Now there's a tempting thought." She said mischievously, no doubt imagining doing something like that. I had to admit, the fantasy was interesting. In my mind it played out like a planned out orgy, though more like a party at first, with drinks and food before the main event. I can't help picturing what would happen if Connie and I spiked the drinks with all of these drugs. Everyone could walk away with Hyper bodies, or even Macro.

But that was foolish. Even if we did something like that, chances are we'd arrested for technically poisoning everyone there. And worse yet, it might even get Diana in trouble. But it's still an amusing thought. Here's what we bought between us:

3x Height Growth Lv. 5 (Diana's told me the brand name for the growth drugs is going to change eventually, they're just looking for the right name)

5x Breast Growth Lv. 5 and Lv. 3 each

10x Cock Growth Lv. 5

5x Futanarization!

6x Ball Growth Lv. 3

That doesn't really sound like a huge amount, but consider the potency of each drug. The breast growth alone are enough for me to potentially overtake Diana with just a couple of doses. Think about that for a second, that, just by taking two of them, I could grow from a G cup to a Hyper G cup. It all depends on my cum intake obviously, but I like to think I'm set in that department, especially if I took the ball growth as well. Anyway, Connie and I walked back into my apartment and set our bags down.

For a while, we sat in my living room. We'd laid out the drugs in a row, the TV was off, the cups of fresh coffee I had poured for us sat on the centre table abandoned, while we pondered the line-up of products before us. We'd done this on a whim, but now, with it facing us directly, it was fairly frightening if I'm honest. If we did this, our bodies would be irreversibly changed. For minutes, we sat in silence, until Connie broke it.

"Let's just do this." She said, opening a packet of Futanarization and pulling out a pill, dropping it into her coffee. There were no warnings about taking them with other drinks, though water or semen was advised. Diana had told me that making them into pills seemed more appealing to a wider audience, given the feedback several of her volunteers had given her. Connie swirled it into her drink as I spoke.
