 "Um, Mistress? Can I, uh, can I get up now?" She asked, squirming slightly where she sat, partly from the growing discomfort and embarrassment at calling Gwen by such a title. The redhead looked at her, almost seeming not to realise what she was saying, but realised the brunette had been sat there for quite some time.. 

"Oh, yeah. Sorry, um, you can move around now." She said and sat up, reaching out to make sure Kona didn't fall off her abdomen. The petite Futa said a weak 'thank you', though clearly overwhelmed by her orgasm, her cock having been effectively milked by Beverly's experienced ass. Diana stood up and stretched, sighing in relief at the sound of her bones being unsettled.

"Thank you... Mistress." Gwen blushed at the title, but didn't say anything. She looked down at herself, smiling softly at the familiar sight that greeted her. It was becoming more and more normal for her to see herself with a massively swollen stomach. Part of her wondered just how long it would be before her abdomen wasn't expanded by cum, but her own children. She blushed at the thought and shook it free. It wasn't the right time; she was only twenty four at the time.

"Oh crap, I've missed this." Allie half moaned, half panted from the floor, patting her stomach happily. Gwen grinned at her, before groaning in discomfort, bending forward and clutching her middle. The others all looked at her with worry, but she gave them a small smile.

"D-don't worry." She said simply and sat up right, showing her stomach as it rapidly shrank. Kona frowned at it.

"What the heck?" She asked, to which Diana quickly answered.

"It happened in the bathroom. She just suddenly shrunk back down." She explained, shrugging to show that she didn't know why either. Allie's eyes were wide as she looked at her friend, then down at her stomach.

"I don't think it'll happen for you." Gwen said.

"What makes you say that?" She asked. The redhead nodded to Kona, whose stomach was still vastly swollen from Gwen's earlier load, "Oh, I see." Allie smiled in relief and leaned back against the seat, sighing pleasantly. The play continued on, though none of them had the strength nor will to particularly pay it any attention, save for Diana who sat on a seat to watch. The redhead leaned against the fine leather and enjoyed the mild currents of pleasure gently waving to and fro within her.

The rest of the musical passed in relative calm. Kona and Allie were happily stroking each other's stomach, enjoying the feeling of cum swishing within. Gwen almost felt jealous of the two, looking down at her own flat abdomen. It was strange though, it felt like the semen was still inside her, despite there being no outward sign of it, but she could feel it. With everything having calmed down, she had finally taken note of her larger bust and cock. The seat even felt slightly more comfortable.

When the day had started she was an O cup. That alone was incredible, given how quickly they had developed and when compared to most women and Futanari. But now, Gwen had gained several inches to her bust. The gorgeous swell of her breasts even covered her navel now, resting proudly on her chest at an astounding S cup, her nipples constantly hard in the open air and sending chills of lust through her at the slightest breeze. She was bigger than her mother and Allie combined.

Her cock laid out in the open. She couldn't hope to fit it back into her panties, her two and a half feet of length well beyond the capacity of her underwear, the sock easily outmatched by it. Occasionally, Allie would kiss the shaft, sighing as she breathed in the tantalising musk. Gwen's balls were of a similar calibre as well, each one on par with volley balls, a vast increase from her prior grapefruit size. The redhead could hardly believe how much she'd developed in such a short period of time.

"You're almost a Hyper, Red." Allie said, smiling at her friend and running a hand over her cock.

"You think?" She asked, knowing it would do no good to deny it. The thought of being such an excessive size was too enticing, and she had no intention of refuting the desire she felt for it. It didn't make sense to her any more, given what Allie had told her.

"Yeah, just a couple more feet on this gorgeous dick and you'll be the first one ever." Allie told her, leaning down to kiss one of the redhead's breasts, "And these puppies are close as well." She added with a small giggle. Gwen nodded and moaned lightly. Eventually, the play had come to an end.

"May I ask a favour of you all?" Came the voice of Beverly as she walked back onto the stage, standing among the performers, many of which were covered in a layer of cum from the finale. The audience murmured at that, but didn't get up, "There's someone very dear to me who's going to come up here in a bit. She's been very sheltered her whole life and she wants to embrace a new outlook on life." She explained. Gwen stood up and took a deep breath.

"You sure about this?" Diana asked, giving her a worried look. The redhead nodded.

"Yeah. I-I think this will be good for me. Like the last step to getting over an addiction or something." She explained as best she could. The brunette only nodded and gave her a small grin. Allie and Kona smirked at her.

"We'll be down soon as well, just need to let some of this process." Kona told her.

"Thanks, guys." She said and walked over to each of them, hugging her friends close one at a time, "For everything you've done. See you soon." With that, Gwen walked out of the booth, her crotch and chest on full display. Her cock was so long, practically dragging on the ground if she let her legs bend too much. The weight of her balls was new to her, as was the feeling of them swinging behind her legs to avoid walking too awkwardly. The lobby was free people, save for the bartender who gasped at the sight. Gwen blushed lightly but continued to the main room.

"I'm sure you're all wondering where I'm going with this, well, it's simple enough. This someone has a bit of an oral fixation, has for quite some time, but she's been reluctant to embrace it. Until today. What she wants is for every single Futanari in this room, no matter how big or small, to use her body. One rule; you cannot fuck her pussy or ass without consent. Understood?" The audience were clearly excited, many of them sporting boners yet again. Gwen took a deep, calming breath and walked into the room, "Ah, here she is. Ladies and Futanari, meet Gwen, my daughter."

There was a collective gasp through most of the crowd. Nearly all of them knew of Beverly, considering her fame, and that she had a daughter, but none had thought Gwen would somehow be more endowed than her parent. The redhead walked slowly down one of the aisles, looking down with a fierce blush on her cheeks. Those around her licked their lips, some at the sight of her swaying ass, others at the unobstructed view of her cock and breasts. As Gwen walked by, a Futanari pulled her cock out.

At first, the redhead was going to simply ignore her. She wanted to do this on the stage after all, but it was tempting. The Futa was no bigger than ten inches, far below what Gwen had grown used to, but it was thick and twitching eagerly. With a nervous glance at the stage, the redhead moved to the seat and kneeled down, taking the cock into her mouth without a word. Beverly saw this and smirked, nodding to the woman who was in charge of the stage lights. They moved it around, training it on Gwen as she took the cock down her throat.

The redhead paid it no mind. She knew dozens of people could see her clearly, many of them also Futanari. Cocks were released into the air, hands stroking them slowly to the display as Gwen let herself gag on the prick, her spit lubricating it as she thrust her head back and forth. The Futa being serviced moaned as Gwen increased her pace, to the point that barely a second passed before she had either swallowed it all down, or retreated to the tip. As she did so, she would lap at it with her tongue and suckle. The Futa didn't last long, quickly forcing Gwen to the base as she sprayed her load.

To accentuate the fact, the redhead gulped loudly around her. The amount was decent, giving Gwen a feeling of warmth in the pits of her stomach. When they were finished, she pulled away, sucking on the head to milk it of any remaining seed, before letting it out with a lewd pop. The Futa looked down at her, panting lightly from the quick orgasm. Gwen couldn't help but grin, taking pride in how swiftly she had brought the Futa to orgasm.

"That's my girl." Beverly said with no small amount of pride, her own cock twitching, already longing for another climax. Gwen stood and walked to the stage. The light followed her, giving everyone there a perfect view of her endowments, and how they bounced or quivered enticingly with every step. When she stood by her mother, she smiled shyly.

"Hey." She said, blushing slightly.

"That was great, sweetie. You've got a real talent there." Her mother told her, leaning down to kiss her daughter's lips gently. The crowd once again murmured amongst themselves at the sight, though none made any sound of disapproval, only envy. Gwen moaned into her mother's lips, practically able to feel the eyes of the crowd on her, many of which licked their own lips in desire. She pulled away just as her friends walked in.

The audience went quiet for a moment. They didn't recognise the newcomers, until Kona came into view. Audible whispers came quickly.

"Holy shit, is that Kawaii Kona?" followed by "Yeah, wait, is she pregnant?" which was in turn followed by Kona herself speaking up.

"Not pregnant yet, it's all Gwen's cum." She told them, nodding to the younger redhead on stage.

"No way, and look at her, she's even bigger. It can't be cum."

"It is." Allie said to the woman who spoke, patting her belly and making the flesh ripple much like a waterbed. The woman gulped loudly, though the lust in her eyes was obvious. Diana was as unassuming as could be, walking quietly up to the stage and standing just behind Gwen. Allie and Kona joined her, all five of them standing before the audience. They all looked to the shorter redhead.

"Well, Gwen? What do you want to do?" Beverly asked her, stepping away. Gwen bit her lower lip and looked back at her friends. Allie was grinning from ear to ear, while Kona only smiled supportively.

"Before we start this whole thing. Allie, Kona?"

"Yeah?" They answered.

"I... I-I want you to f-fuck me. A-and I d-don't mean my f-face." She told them, stuttering again, though controlling it far more than she would have just a few weeks ago. The two looked at each other.

"You in the pussy, me in the ass?" Allie asked Kona, who nodded eagerly.

"Sounds about right." She said and they faced Gwen, walking up to her, "You sure about this?" Kona asked her, even as her cock hardened once again. Allie shared her concern, despite how eager she was.

"Yeah, we're not small you know." Gwen nodded, gulping nervously.

"I-I know. But I trust you two." She told them and, before anything else could be said, she leaned in to first kiss Kona, before moving up to Allie. When she pulled away, the blonde smirked and turned her around, before forcing her down onto her hands and knees. Gwen gave a small cry at that, but didn't fight back. Kona slipped under her, the tip of her semi-erect cock dragging along the redhead's skin. 

"I'm going in now, before I get too big." She said, reaching down to move her still malleable cock. Gwen shuddered, partly from excitement and her nerves. It was happening fast, almost overwhelmingly so, but the redhead didn't' object. Her pussy was drenched, she could feel it. Kona could too, there was no way she couldn't, as the head of her prick was all but bathed in it. The petite Futa began to push her cock inside of her.

Gwen gasped loudly. The sensation was alien to her, though similar to the few times she had touched herself in her life, it was new. She felt the tip, so different to her fingers, as it pressed into her. Her virgin pussy stretched around it, Kona moving slowly and biting her lip to stay in control. Her cock was sixteen inches at that moment, and only growing as she grew more and more aroused. Pre-cum oozed from its tip, joining with Gwen's own fluid desire.

The redhead panted as she kept her hips in place. It wouldn't do to move now, to give up when she'd come so far. She would lose her virginity to her friend, someone she genuinely liked, even if she had only known her for a short time. The feeling of her pussy being forced open, wider and wider as Kona pushed further inside of her, was an odd sensation. Similar in a way to how her mouth stretched, but the sensation was far greater. Almost pain, but at the same there was pleasure tainted by anticipation.

Kona eventually pushed the head of her cock inside. Gwen cried out in shock, as the semi-erect prick pressed against her highly sensitive hymen. She looked down past her breasts, where Kona's face was visible, side by side with the redhead's own cock.

"I'm going to go quick, okay? It's easier." She explained. Gwen didn't doubt her, knowing that the experienced Futa had no doubt claimed a few virgins in her time. She nodded and bit her lip, looking back as if to try and watch. Diana was on it however, her camera out and already recording the scene. The brunette smiled at her, Gwen returning the expression as she gave a sudden cry. Kona had thrust up, her cock almost rigid with her lust and speared through Gwen's 'purity'. The redhead clenched her eyes shut as she felt her friend, and now lover, move deeper inside of her.

Allie was watching closely and moved up behind Gwen. She looked back at the blonde, pain and lust in her eyes. The redhead took several breaths, before calming down and relaxing.

"How's it feel, Red?" Allie asked, leaning forward to whisper the words in her ear. The act pressed the blondes breasts against Gwen's back, making her moan low in lust. Any pain was quickly evaporating into pleasure, the feeling of her formerly virgin cunt being so utterly filled a new sensation, and one that she would remember as long as she lived. Allie chuckled lightly, "Guess that works. Now then, it's my turn." She said causing Gwen to look back with wide eyes, "Kidding... for now." The blonde amended with a playful wink.

Gwen sighed in relief. The feelings coursing through her were strong enough as it was, and, even though she felt a faint desire for more, she knew it wasn't the right time yet. Kona turned her head, licking along the redhead's prick, feeling it hardening against her. Gwen moaned at that, her body relaxing further as her friend pushed deeper and deeper. The growing prick forcing her inner walls to stretch apart as it progressed.

The Futanari in the audience had taken to the stage now. They surrounded the two, cocks in hand and masturbating slowly to the scene. Beverly was among them, beaming proudly at her daughter. As Kona pushed further inside, her cock rapidly approaching its full glory, the bystanders could see its shape bulging from Gwen's middle. It only became more pronounced as the petite Futa allowed her desires to reign over her.

Gwen panted atop her. The stimulation to her cock, which had hardened noticeably, and the sensation of her virgin pussy being taken so utterly for the first time utterly unforgettable. Eventually, Kona reached the end of her dripping canal, her tip pressing against the entrance to Gwen's womb. The redhead gasped in surprise at the sensitivity of it and looked down at Kona.

"That's your womb, Gwen. There's still so much of my big, hard cock for you to enjoy. So I'm going to claim it as well." The words only served to make Gwen moan in lust, her hips swaying slightly as she tried to stimulate herself further, "Ready?" The petite Futa said and, without waiting for an answer, began to lift the redhead up, only to thrust up. Hard. Gwen gave a cry of shock and pleasure, feeling her depths being invaded so forcefully. Kona had been gentle upon entering, but now that time had passed.

Allie seemed to know what to do without being asked. She moved her arms around Gwen, lifting her up slightly and keeping her there. The redhead squirmed as Kona pulled back out, tortuously slow as she did so, trying to impale herself once more. She wanted it, oh god she wanted more and more. It had only been a short time, no more than five minutes, and already she was chastising herself for not trying this earlier. Her body was born it, that much she knew. The pain of her hymen being torn was gone already, and even the sheer size of the two foot cock invading her only brought her pleasure.

"She's serious, Red. It's pretty much a fetish for her," The blonde whispered into her ear, "She loves to fuck someone's womb, doesn't matter if they want it. She always leave them cumming harder than ever." She told her. Gwen looked back, eyes wild with lust. Allie raised an eyebrow in surprise, not expecting to see such an expression so soon.

"I don't care," She moaned, as Kona began to slide back in just as slowly as she had pulled out, "I just, ah, want... oh god, want it all!" She cried out as the petite Futa suddenly slammed into her. Allie smirked, seeing surprise pass over the redhead's face at the sheer force Kona used.

"Careful what you wish for, Red." The blonde told her and let go, allowing Gwen to drop back down. She ground her hips against Kona, who gave her a small grin, before thrusting up with all the power in her small body. The redhead cried out again, the head of Kona's cock striking her cervix as powerfully as possible. The barrier didn't give yet, however this didn't surprise the petite Futa as she brought her hands to Gwen's hips and raised her up to thrust as powerfully as she could. The redhead moaned loudly with each thrust.

Her cervix was gradually weakening under the assault. It was impossible not to, as Kona only seemed to move faster and harder, her erect cock thumping against the barrier incessantly. Gwen could do little more than try and grind her hips in an effort to pleasure herself and the small Futa. Finally, Kona seemed to reach the limit of her patience. Without a second's hesitation, she had grabbed Gwen and flipped her over onto her back. The redhead gasped in shock and pleasure, the feeling of Kona's cock moving inside of her in such a way furthering her pleasure. The petite Futa knelt between her legs now.

"Mine." She stated, her high voice tainted by her lust and dominance. This had always been her favourite part; to fuck someone, particularly a virgin, until their cervix caved in and allowed her into their womb. And now, with her body positioned for better leverage, she was about to take Gwen's. Taking a deep breath, Kona pulled out of the redhead until the tip was all that remained inside, before pausing for a few seconds. Gwen looked at her, mouth open with her tongue lolling out and drool running down her chin, completely focused on her pleasure. The petite Futa smirked at her and thrust in as hard as she possibly could. 

Gwen's eyes all but popped from her head. A shriek tore its way through her, partly from the pain that accompanied the penetration of her uterus, and partly from the ecstasy that flooded her mind as she felt Kona's entire two foot majesty fill her completely. The shape was obvious through her stomach, the skin like elastic as it stretched up to her sternum and to her chin. Kona only kept pushing further and further in. Gwen's pussy clenched around her tightly, as if to beg for more. The redhead finally calmed down just as Kona's crotch met hers.

Gwen panted beneath her friend. Eyes half lidded and unfocused, even though she had yet to climax. Her cock was hard now, standing level with Kona at its glorious four foot and growing length. Its girth was great enough that the petite Futa could have wrapped her arms around it and her hands would barely meet. While that wasn't saying a huge amount, considering her child-like proportions, it was still awe inspiring to those around them. Gwen finally focused and looked around, seeing her mother stroking her cock lustfully.
