 In the ancient land of the God Averon, deep within the luxurious, crafted palace the sound of bodies hitting each other filled the vastness of the throne room where the God was nestled in. He sat atop his throne, his legs spread far and wide, as he felt the tongue of the succubi work on his humongous shaft, licking it from top to bottom, tracing each vein with her tongue. Oh how far she had fallen. Raped on the day of his descent on her kingdom, she was once a famed general amongst the humans who had been selected to be a part of his elite Succubus Kingsguard.

On the other side was one of his newly inducted broodmothers, servicing his balls, taking one into her mouth at a time. Her massive tits heaving from the breathlessness she subjected herself to in order to satisfy his craving.

With his hands at the back, he let the two of them pleasure him. At the same time, the succubi used one of her fingers to delve deeper into her own snatch as he muffled her moans by stuffing his musky balls into her mouth, coating them with her saliva.

His eyes opened, suddenly, as if awoken by a deep, intense state of meditation. He peered into the Infinity mirror right next to him, coursing his gaze over each of his dominions, trying to figure out who was chanting these prayers to him. He pushed the two of his servers aside, ready to tend to the calls of his followers. "I have urgent business to tend to." he said, waving his hands, as he noticed the succubi and broodmother getting involved with each other, kissing and petting one another now that the object of their affection was gone. He stepped towards the infinity mirror, ready to cross to the other side and see what was it that had disturbed him. As he approached it, his left hand picked up his greatsword, Drazenaar, filled to the brim with souls of his conquests. He muttered a prayer under his breath as he soon disappeared into the Infinity Mirror.

Princess Carmella laid atop the altar, clad in a gauzy white gown, sheer and fluttering in the rising wind. The priests surrounding her were growing more animated by the moment, their chanting growing in volume and pace as the sky darkened above them. 

Her father, a warrior king, clutched her mother beside him, stoically observing the ritual as his wife stifled sobs, her wet eyes locked with her daughter. 

They all knew this was Carmella's destiny. She'd been promised since birth, attended to every moment of her life in preparation for this night. She'd studied and preened, every day a step closer to being presented to the warrior god that would be her husband. 

As soon as she was old enough she was educated in the ways of pleasing a man, spending her days in study and her evenings surrounded by the strongest servingmen, but she knew no amount of cocks, no amount of men filling her, would compare for what was to come. 

She steeled herself, determined, her fear suppressed by her excitement at finally being given the chance to prove she was worthy of being a goddess to her god, the savior of her kingdom. 

With a slash of lightning and a blinding flash, she knew, it was about to begin. And she ached with anticipation.

The sky thundered and lit up with an otherworldly light, changing its hue ever so often - to the extent that it would perhaps blind someone close enough to it. The aura was growing ever so ominous as a bolt of thunder hit the ground - right in the middle of the stairs to the temple of Averon. A monument carved in his honour - decorated with tales of his conquest.

Once the dust and smoke from the thunder cleared, it was apparent. In the middle of a large crater stood the Godly being. Two massive horns added to his already hulking 10 foot frame, his musculature visible thanks to the lack of any clothing on his body. The only piece of clothing on his body was a white loincloth that hung between his legs - doing nothing to hide the monstrous member that he had. Thick, veiny and still coated with the juices of his personal fucktoys, it was big enough to put a grown man's leg to shame. And it hadn't even attained full strength yet.

He looked at the mass of people in front of him, scanning each one of them. Taking just a bit longer to look at Princess Carmella, his eyes meeting hers for a few seconds before moving on to her mother, and her father, the king. "King Beliaz, why have you called for my aid?" his voice burst out, the depth and brooding nature of his voice enough to send weak hearted enemies fleeing. Right behind him was a wall of the temple, singing his praises. The one right above his head was of the time when he had claimed the Sheyvaani priestess after she had defied him, the tale etched into the annals forever ever since.

His eyes went back to the Princess, as he awaited the answer to his question, but looked at her. He knew. He knew what was to happen.

Her father, her mother, the assembled priests and guards, all of them started and froze as Averon shattered the earth and appeared to answer their call. Except for her. She rose up from her prone position, resting on her elbows as she took in his form. He looked much as she expected, and this pleased her. 

Finally she met his gaze, and held it. She did not flinch. She didn't want to appear unworthy, because she knew she was. It was all she existed for. 

When he called out to her father, the older warrior flinched again. He stammered a bit, before finding his voice and answering the god. Her mother was a mess of sobs, burying her face in her father's fur before the king shoved her away with a curse, the guards leading her away. 

"Lord Averon!" He boomed, holding his sword out in a show of respect and fealty. "Once again our kingdom is in need of your power. As is the pact, in exchange for your blessings..." He glanced to his daughter, seemingly entranced by the demon god. "We offer you a bride of our blood!" 

Carmella shivered as her father spoke. Not with fear, but anticipation. She finally broke the gods gaze, but only because the massive, swinging beast of a cock had drawn her gaze. The sight excited her more than anything she'd ever beheld.

Averon listened intently, his arms spread out on either side of his massive shoulders. "You shall have it, Beliaz." he said, thinking to himself for a minute. "What threat looms over your kingdom?" he asked, assessing how to deal with the situation at hand.

"I understand you have trained my bride to please me... who was involved?" he asked him, as he took steps towards the Princess. Such was the size of his massive member, that each step he took not only shook the ground beneath his feet but also made the monstrosity of a cock dangles. He had more than one pair of eyes on it, and he could tell. For a while, even some of the royal maidens had been gawking at it, before they realized they needed to behave.

He came within inches of Princess Carmella, as he began circling her, akin to a merchant trader assessing a piece of meat. His cock was already at work, rising ever so slowly as his veins throbbed with his god-seed, his balls releasing his potent musk in the air. He shoved the tip of his sword on the ground, positioning it there. No other man could touch it, without risking going insane from all the voices of the souls trapped within. "Answer me, King." he said again, his eyes shifting to the other women amongst the crowd, his nose picking up the smell of fertility from each of them.

Carmella's eyes followed Averon, but she didn't dare move yet. She would be ready for him when he decided he wanted her. She took in the immense girth of the god cock he wielded beneath the loin cloth, every now and then catching a glimpse of the swollen head or a bulging vein. 

It should have been impossible for her to take or please something of that size, had it not been for her preparation throughout the years, as her father explained. 

"Lord Averon," he shouted to be heard, "She has been aided by every priestess we have. Every spell and blessing you have handed down has been imbued within her so that she might be your perfect vessel." And it was true. Those blessings were his, given to her people so that she would be able to...accommodate his size. 

"She has been with men beyond counting" her father boomed, taking a knee in reverence as Averon neared. "And she has not failed to please them and leave them quaking. She has been sufficiently trained and defiled in waiting for you, my lord."

Carmella was growing more eager. This was her purpose and she could feel the electricity sparking in the air. This was her time.

Averon finally stopped circling the voluptuous Princess like a predator on its hunt, hearing the King answer him. He inched closer to Carmella, his cock hardening to full strength now, bending his loincloth into unimaginable shapes. Both his god cock and balls quaked with his step, the protruding shaft being mere inches away from touching Princess Carmella now. "I am pleased, King." he finally broke the silence, saying the words that had kept the whole assembled mass of people on edge. "Ask me for whatever you wish. Do you want my legionnaires? Do you wish for me to step into battle yourself? Ask and I shall grant. Right before I take what's mine." the emphasis on the last word was apparent, as he resumed looking at Carmella, coming even closer to her.

He bent down, his massive frame towering heads and shoulders above everyone, which meant he had to bend one knee and lean down to address his soon to be wife. "I hope you can please me Princess. I can already smell what's going on between your legs... We haven't even gotten started yet." he spoke to her, his warm breath hitting her ears with each word whispered. He got back up straight, looking at the crowd.

"Your Kingdom shall be protected, King. Ask for a favour now or forever hold your words. What assistance would you need." he said, his hands slowly wavering over Carmella's head and toying with her brunette hair, the first time he had touched her. And he had grand plans for her.

As Averon halted his circling and announced his pleasure, the assembled onlookers seemed to deflate, letting out a relieved breath almost as one. Save for the princess. She was not yet ready to gasp her relief, not until Averon had given her the relief she truly craved. 

Before her, the girls offered to him weren't worthy as far as she was concerned. They viewed themselves as a sacrifice, but not Carmella. In mere moments she would be a goddess, something those trifling girls did not understand. She wouldn't merely let Averon fuck her. She would fuck him. So well she would shame every cunt succubi ever to draw breath. 

His touch, his fingers in her hair, made her quake with anticipation. If he thought her shivering was fearful, she would show him otherwise. In response to his question, she met his gaze and whispered, just for him. "I will please you husband. I've been ready for you since I was a child...Allow me to show you what I've learned " She said, smirking at him, not to mock, but to prove she was not afraid to be his bride. 

"My lord" her father shouted, interrupting her thoughts. "Your troops, alongside our own, will win us our kingdom. That is all we ask." He said.

Averon heard her quip back at him, smiling to himself at her confidence. It wasn't the first time he had seen it. They all would think they could match up to a God - only to be truly broken and shown their place as they begged for both mercy and more of his cock. Naturally, he didn't make much of her words, knowing full well that there was no way any amount of training could have helped her prepare for what was about to hit her.

His thoughts are broken off by the pleas of the King before him. Averon raises his hand, almost motioning for the King to stop. He picks up his sword with a tight grip of his hands as he mutters some words to himself, slicing three quick and successive tears into the very fabric of this world it seemed. It opened some sort of a gate, as a flurry of his famed legionnaires poured forth. They were massive in their own right, though when contextualised by his presence, they seemed like children. Their true size only became apparent as they began reaching the mass of humans. A succubi poured forth, one of the Kingsguard. "Vizakha, I want you to aid the king. Whatever it takes." he commanded her, before looking up at the king. "King Beliaz, my legionnaires are yours to command. Vizakha will lead ten thousand of them into battle at the head of your forces. Should you desire more, just ask her, and their inexhaustible numbers will be at your call." he looked around, seeing the terrified faces of the human crowd, sensing their fear as they looked at legions of monsters. "Do not worry, they will not lay a finger on any of you. They are here to protect you." his voice boomed in the air, as the incoming horde filed into rows and columns, with the Succubi at their tip, bowing down to their lord.

Averon finally laid his hands on the Princess, running his fingers through the scalp of her head. He pulled her up by her hair, almost brutally, as he brought her to her feet. His strength was visible, as he lifted her whole body into one hand, laying her over his right shoulder, feeling the soft skin of her belly rub against his own skin. His head turned to her, "Where would you want us to consummate this marriage, Carmella?" he said, taking her name for the first time. Whether it was a real choice or an illusion of one was something that remained to be seen, as he waited for her answer. "You will remember this."

Carmella gasped as he grasped a fistful of her hair and drew her up, flinging her over his shoulder effortlessly. She gripped his neck tightly to keep from falling, but it wasn't necessary. 

When he proposed the question, and used her true name, she shivered. It was time. And she was ready. But she was unsure why he wished to take her anywhere but here, and she asked as much, her breath hot on his cheek as she turned her head to speak over the din of the howling horde. 

"Why not here then, so that they all might remember it my husband?" She trembled as she spoke, with anticipation, with lustful hunger. 

"Make me your queen in front of your subjects lord." She said pleadingly.

He could feel it. The smell of longing and lust. His face didn't display it but his cock twitched at the mention of her wanting to be claimed there and then. His hand grabbed one of her asscheeks, giving it a tight squeeze, as he landed her off his shoulders - albeit a lot more rashly than he realized. Having thrown her to the ground, he stood there, right in the middle of the altar. His hand moved, this time to rid his body of the single piece of loincloth covering him as he revealed a truly monstrous god cock. Multiple veins ran through it, almost as if about to pop out while it's thickness and size seemed unbelievable. There were still traits of saliva all over it, shining ever so lightly in the night.

He closed the gap between himself and the Princess, bringing his cock right over her head, as it slapped against her forehead gently with his step forward. At the other end, Vizakha let out a sigh, her wetness growing as she was about to witness something she had gotten so used to. But this time - it was an initiation.

"Here you go, Carmella." he said, "I hope you're ready to please a God. I am sure your father would appreciate it very much if we were to sire him an heir right now, right here." he said to her, admiring her, as his hands tore into her royal clothing, bringing her bare in front of him. She would be his by the end of the ritual and so would this fertile body.

Carmella landed hard, but rose to her knees immediately, unphased. She would surpass any of his previous brides because she'd prepared more than any of those wispy cunts. They relied on those petty spells, but didn't prepare their bodies. She'd trained in combat, because she fully understood that pleasing Averon would be a type of combat. And that's all she desired. She was not the first, but she would be the last of his brides. 

She bit her lip to stifle a gasp at the sight of his beautiful, massive shaft, tipped by a thick, throbbing head, pouring precum for her already. 

She reached out with both hands as he stripped her, grasping the heavy weight of his enormous fucking flesh spear in both her hands, caressing it lovingly. All the while she gazed at her father, long and determined, until he looked away. He was ashamed. She was not. 

Finally, she caught the eye of Vizakha, seeing the jealousy there. She didn't fear his monstrous horde any more than she feared her husband. 

Finally, at long last, she had him. She bowed her head in worship. Worship of his magnificent cock, her lips and tongue bathing him, savoring it, her eyes gazing up to meet his as she kissed and slurped, spitting on his fat shaft and stroking it in, making him ready.

Averon's face lit up with a devious smile as he saw her recover quickly from the impact and get on her knees to work her way on his shaft. Was this something he would see continuously or was it just the excitement that a beginner showed before being wrecked by otherworldly pleasure? He would find out.

He felt her hands struggle to envelope his cock, followed by her lips and her tongue. The glans or the tip of his cock was already inside her, revelling in her wetness. It was no doubt she had been trained, and he grew slightly eager to test the limits of his new found companion. It didn't take a wizard to know that there was a clear mismatch in size - and Averon knew it too.

As Carmella got his member good and ready, his hand began caressing her head, grabbing her hair in a ball as he slowly began forcing her deeper on to his cock. His other hand moved to her tit, giving it a squeeze as he explored the wetness and warmth of her mouth. He looked up as he made her head bob up and down on his massive fuckstick, some of the soldiers and onlookers were watching intently, while some were ashamed of witnessing their Princess that way. "Take me in balls deep, Princess." he said, finding her oral resistance grow as he felt it harder to make inroads in her mouth, but there was no way he'd let her go.

Carmella moaned against his bulbous cockhead, stretching past her lips and nestling on her tongue. Her mouth was already filled with saliva, a mix of spit and precum already pouring down her chin as she bobbed slowly on his meaty shaft. She rested her palms on his powerful thighs, aware of the eyes on her. Fuck them. Let them see what she could do. 

When he twisted up her hair and pulled her deeper, she choked and gagged a little, the sheer enormity of his fucking cock simply unreal. But that's what the blessings were for. No matter what he did, she could take it. At least her body could. 

She breathed deeply through her nose, swallowing hard, the loud ULP ULP ULP of her gulping resonating down his shaft. Her eyes teared up, but she was ecstatic. She would be his beautiful slut bride, and drain his balls better than any of his vapid succubi concubines.

Averon's grip over her hair tightened, his hips thrusting forward slightly as they served to push him deeper into her welcoming mouth. His eyes glistened with a desire that only his concubines knew of, as he felt her gulping down deeper and deeper onto his massive cock.

He pulled her back, letting her catch her breath, a strong of cum still connecting her cock-sucking lips and the tip of his shaft. Before she could regain her breath, his hand moves ahead, shoving her face down on his cock again, slamming her deeper. As his pelvis moves in unison with his hand pushing her head, his big balls dangle back and forth. They create a lustful sound as they slap against his rock-hard cock as he devours Carmella's mouth.

"Yes, Carmella my slut. Take it deeper. Take me all in." he says to her, as his thrusts become more intense and violent, his entire body moving in the direction of her mouth. He pushes his cock halfway in her mouth, sensing the discomfort on her face, but proceeds to hold her there, gagging her as he laughs to the crowd around him. "Very worthy, it seems." he says, as he finally relents and lets her slide up and down again. "You did well to raise this one, King."
