 I woke up the next morning. Body sore, head hurting, and horny beyond belief. Now, I've never been one to get outrageously horny. Sure, I've gotten wet at certain thoughts. Played with myself a few times. Never to excess though. 

This felt like there was a fucking waterfall between my legs. Because of that, I woke up with a moan. My skin flushing heat as feeling came into me.

That was one hell of a dream.

"It wasn't a dream, my Mistress." Said a voice I vaguely recognized. A perfectly seductive voice. The voice of angels or demons. 

My eyes flew open at the sound, but the only one around me was Victoria, her face red presumably from the moan I had let out.

"I'm not with you now, Mistress, but I may be if you will it." The voice came again, inside my head. That only was arousing. Hearing that voice echo around in my head.

"Are you okay, Amellia?" Victoria said breaking me out of my own thoughts. Apparently, I had let my arousal slip through my lips again. Bringing my eyes to her I saw the concern in her face. I also noticed something I hadn't before, she was attractive. She couldn't hold a candle to the goddess currently in her head. But the dampness between her legs seemed to enjoy the sight of her friend, sitting at the corner of the bed.

"Wh-What happened?" I found myself asking, my eyes lingering on parts of Vicky's body they hadn't before.

"I... I don't know!" She said, tears forming in her eyes. "I was... I was trying to impress you... To get you to like me the same way I like you. But it didn't work! I was trying to grant a wish you had. But something went wrong. One second you were standing there, all dazed like you were high as a kite, the next you were just on the ground passed out. You didn't even fall. Just there!"

That voice filtered into her mind again. "That's how it'd look to her, I froze time to talk to you, Mistress. Don't you feel special?"

"You were trying to.... What's the phrase...." 

"Summon, Mistress."

"Summon something... Right?" Victoria's eyes went comically wide before she nodded slowly. "How do I bring you here?" I asked the corner of the room. As soon as I asked, I knew the answer. "Come to me." I said, willing the being to the corner of the room. I don't know exactly what I mean by that. Hell, I still don't. To put your will into something is to just really want that something to happen. Put some power behind it. And voila, your wish is my command. Of course, I know this now -- back then I didn't. Back then I was stupid, and ignorant. This is a story about my Awakening of course. I learned quickly.

The goddess, the being who took my virginity appeared in the same corner. She looked the same. That indescribable beauty. The work of gods created that body. It was covered in a thin, translucent fabric I couldn't even begin to wonder what it was. I could see her body underneath, and that waterfall started up again. I was sure I was making the bed nice and wet. 

Victoria yelped and jumped back, landing on my legs as the being appeared. The goddess smiled at the reaction before going to her knee and bowing her head low. "Good morning, my Mistress, how may I serve? First, please Mistress, stop thinking of me as a Goddess." She said smiling. I blinked at her, confused. Of course, she can read my thoughts. Just getting better and better.

"Stay out of my head." I said coldly. The... being, smiled again and bowed lower. "Who... No, what are you? Do you have a name?"

"I have no name, have never needed one. What I am... Well, mistress, your little friend here knows."

Victoria audibly gulped. "You are a succubus..." She said softly, causing the being to laugh.

"No, no, no. A succubus can only feed off males. I'm an omnibus, as my Mistress saw last night." I felt my cheeks blush remembering what had grown, what she had used on me. "I am both male and female, makes for a fun night." She said grinning.

Victoria blinked again, her face flushing as I notice her eyes travel on the omnibus, going down. "O-Oh..."

"Shut up... I can't think straight." I found myself saying, my hands going to my head. "Okay... Questions. Questions first, I have many. You will answer them." I said plainly to the being. 

There began the weirdest question and answer seminar I've ever been involved in. Even to this day. I had many questions answered, many questions sprang up from those answers. I won't bore you with the details. At the time, I didn't understand anything. I learned about magic though. Something that as of less than twelve hours before had been nothing but fantasy. We, Victoria and myself, were not witches. That was the first thing that was clarified. Witches used herbs and other ingredients to create potions. We were sorceresses. 

We weren't completely human. Sorcerers and sorceresses were creatures of magic. Born of magic and a mortal life to create us. Laws of magical creatures were governed by what was called the Council of Seven. Seven, that's a big number for us. Magic is governed by the Seven Deadly Sins.

"Yours is lust, Mistress." The demoness said softly smiling at me.

"But... I've never been, you know, particularly lustful..." I said, blushing thinking about the damp spot forming underneath me at the moment. We had moved from the bedroom to the living area, mainly to eat during our talking.

"Doesn't matter. You and your magic are two separate entities." She said and then explained the complexities of magic. I still, to this day, don't understand it. Energy, magic, the force -- whatever -- was what made the universe go. Literally. As sorceresses, we could manipulate those energies, to do whatever we want. Or as the demoness said "change the fabric of reality". When we gave into any Sin our magic would increase, our reservoirs would fill up charging us. When we gave into our base Sin, in my case Lust, our reserves would overflow. Well, that's how I took the information.

"Any other questions, mistress?" The omnibus asked after a few hours of the Q and A. It was around one in the evening, and at the time I had nothing else. So, I shook my head in the negative. "Now, if I may make a request." She said, grabbing at the chain around her throat. "Could you change these ugly things. They chaff and hurt, and I cannot find anything to wear that would look good with them." Looking at her now, she'd make anything look good.

"H-How?" I asked curiously.

"When you enslaved me..." She moaned on the word enslaved, like it was a turn on. To her it was. It had never happened to her before, being controlled by someone else. She was loving every second of it. "You thought of these chains, so these chains the enslavement spell became. But you can change the appearance of them. Of course, as my mistress you don't have too, but I would be grateful. And I'll show you a certain spell you can use on Victoria here." I was positive that last part was only to me, only in my head. Not only did her lips not move, but Vicky made no motion as to that she had heard her name.

"How?" I asked, curious. My first magic lesson.

"Simple... Imagine. Change it. Create it how you will." Was all she said. As lessons go, I've had better math lectures. But I did as was suggested. I stared at the chains, seeing them as they were. Not as cold, ugly metal but as energy, as magic. Once I saw them in that light, once I could visualize that, I thought of something else. Unbreakable, silver chains, no thinner than my pinky finger. I felt something well up inside of my core, shaking my soul. I had it. I knew I had it. I didn't know how I knew, but I knew. Then I released it. The demoness moaned softly as my magic washed over her, and the chains changed.

Gone were the steel ones, there were the silver ones. The omnibus looked down at herself and gasped in happiness. "Oh, these are darling. Thank you, mistress." Then the invasion, I was started to get how she did it. There was a sinking feeling in my thoughts. Think of a needle going into your arm when you receive a shot, but instead of in flesh and blood it was in your thought processes.

"As promised, mistress." Said the voice in my head and an intake of information. There was no processing it like you do when you talk to someone, it was just there. I just knew. I knew the thoughts to make to create a cock of my own. Lust. Lustful intentions. The magic was calling for me, begging me to fill it. After that, the omnibus was gone, but I could still feel her in the back of my mind.

"Well...." Victoria started looking where the being was. "That was..."

"I'm sorry." I said softly, causing Vicky to look at me. "I can't hold it in anymore." I said and pushed her against the couch, pressing my lips to hers hard. 

I took her by surprise, but I could feel her want, feel her need, fell her lust. It was a new feeling. Her lust built up on mine, and then I pushed it back to her. I don't know how I did it. But she cried out against my lips, and I could see the result of her orgasm against the tight shorts she was wearing. Fun.

We kissed, our tongues battling each other for supremacy. Mine one as I forced it into her mouth, tasting her. Feeling her gasp and moan against my intrusion. Her body pressed up against mine, her large breasts pushing into me. "Oh god, Amy." She gasped out as I broke the kiss. "Wh...What the fuck was that?"

"Just a taste... my pet." I said softly, using the term the demoness used on me last night. "Do you want more?" I asked my tone going seductive. My lips brushing against hers as I spoke.

"Yes... Please... Give me more." Vicky moaned out, biting my bottom lip in pleading. I smiled at that as I stood, looking down at her. In my mind, I pictured us naked, our clothes gone. That pressure built up, and I released it. Suddenly the cool air hit me and she gasped as well. We were naked, her body shivering from the sudden feeling. Her pussy was soaked already. It glistened in the light as I looked her over.

"I have a surprise." I said smiling down at her. Vicky's eyes looked up, lust filled and wanting. I went through the thought processes my slave (still weird to say) showed me. Apparently to make magic work, you had to know what you wanted to do. If you were growing something, you had to know how that thing worked. I had to know how to make a penis, a workable one that sent the pleasure to my brain. That hardened with my blood, that grew soft, that ejaculated. There was more to it than just saying "I want a cock!". I decided to do it like the omnibus, keeping my feminine bits, just adding a bit extra.

The magic needed was miniscule. Despite rewriting my body's neural networks. I know now because it worked on magic that I was attuned for. I could do a lot with lust, using very little energy. It seemed like an eternity pass while I cast the magic, but thought moves faster than light. Only a second had passed by the time I was releasing the magic.

It felt... off.

Not off as in bad. Off as in different. It was strange. My skin tightened around my crotch area. Then pleasure washed over me. It was so much I almost fell as I felt something growing. It must have been something to watch because Vicky couldn't take her eyes off me. I have used that spell a countless number of times since then, but that first time. That first time my entire world went out of focus. I used magic, it was different then the chains, they weren't on me. This was affecting me, and I made it happen. The growth first looked like a pimple. A large pimple forming at the very top of my pussy. I was shaven down there, so I was able to see it all.

I could've just engorged my clit to the size and shape of a cock. But I wanted this way, it seemed more fun. Create something from nothing, and all that. I figured it'd feel better, feel new. My hands went to where that nub was and I started rubbing. My fingers grazing over my excited clit as the pimple grew more every second. It started to form after a while. I've personally only ever seen circumcised penises, so it took that shape. The head of it forming first, white drops of pre-cum already showing. I moaned softly as my fingers wrapped around the small penis, but I wanted more. It felt too good, so it continued to grow.

We went like that. Me playing with myself, Victoria watching in lust-stricken awe as I grew a penis. The sight must have been extremely erotic, because Vicky eventually put two fingers into her snatch and started pawing away at herself. Minutes passed as I grew. Eventually I made it instantaneous, but that first time was slow and pleasurable. When it finally passed, I was stroking my nine-inch cock, no balls dropped which I was glad for. Instead, I knew, the cum leaking out was forming inside of me. How, don't ask. 

When it was done, I came. Not from where I was used to. But from the something new. It was... unforgettable, to say the least. Feeling the juices travel through the long shaft of my cock, and then explode. I wasn't prepared for it, and my position let the thick white substance shoot onto my friend. White spots on her large breasts and stomach showed themselves against her tan skin.

"Oh god, Amellia." Vicky moaned feeling the heat on her.

"You have no idea..." I said softly, already thinking about if I could give this pleasure to my friend. "Now... Come taste." I said, grabbing my new she-cock at the base and wiggling it in front of her.

She smiled softly as she sat up and scooted forward. I could feel her hot breath against my length. "I'm not normally cock hungry." She said softly but then heaven happened. Her mouth was... amazing. She might not like cock anymore, but that didn't mean she wasn't skilled. To this day, it's one of the best blow jobs I've ever received. 

It was warm and wet. Her lips were soft as they trailed up and down my shaft. "Oh god..." I moaned out, grabbing her hair in one hand as I thrust my hips forward. My other hand went to my breasts, pulling and tweaking on my nipples. "No wonder guys want this all the time." I said softly as she took six of my nine inches in her mouth. Hollowing her cheeks out as she sucked. Not only was there pressure and warmness and wetness, her tongue was playing on it. Drawing circles, patterns, tasting, exciting. 

It didn't take long for a pressure to build at the base of my cock. A tingling feeling moving throughout my body. "OH... I think... I think I'm going to cum." I moaned out, pulling on one of my nipples as I thrust in. Then she did something to make the whole thing even more erotic. She looked up at me. I swore I'd never complain about giving a blow job again. Her eyes said she wanted, she needed to taste me. "Fuck... Here... It... Comes..." I said between moans as the pressure released.

Vicky gagged as I shot into her throat, her eyes rolling back into her head and it was then I noticed she was playing with herself then. Her juices shooting out onto her couch as I shot mine into her throat. It was amazing. It lasted for a minute, our orgasm, and when we were both done I fell onto the couch beside her. Both of us too tired to do anything besides lay with each other.

Another minute passed before Victoria wrapped her arms around me. "Amellia... That was, fucking hot." She said softly, her lips pressing against my breasts. 

"Yes... And it's only the beginning."