 So, here's how my weekend has been going so far. On Friday night thinking I was going to explore my sexuality with my best friend in college, I end up being introduced to magic. Because, you know, magic is real. Instead of exploring it with Victoria, I'm instead treated to what's known as an omnibus. Practically raped. I say practically because I love every second of it, and I don't remember if I actually said "no" to the woman. I said no to being her slave, but not to her ramming a large cock up my virgin cunt. Said cock awoke a power within me, the power to create and change the world around me - a power fueled by the Sin known as Lust. Go me, right? Still, that isn't the weirdest part of my weekend yet. I mean, it was weird, but Saturday it went up a little bit.

Saturday, there I am, learning about magic from my magical slave omnibus. After that I grow myself a penis, a rather big penis, and then decide that I should use it on my friend. We spent the entire night together, just playing.

Unfortunately, Victoria and I still haven't had true sex yet. I haven't put my probe in her warm spot. It was too weird for her, but that didn't mean we didn't enjoy it. Oral sex is amazing for guys, and women taste good. First time with a woman, I must say, I never regret it.

So, there we are, waking up Sunday morning. Me with morning wood (how awkward is that?), she with her face still in my crotch. Looking down at her, and the mess we had made, I blushed slightly. I got lost in my own lust, my own power. Magical cocks created from lust magic don't follow the same rules as normal ones. It doesn't get tired unless I want it soft. It doesn't run out of thick white creamy juices. So... The room was a mess. White stains were everywhere, I mean everywhere. I was able to shoot up to the wall when Victoria had shoved a rather large vibrator up my snatch. I was a mess, but Victoria was worse. I was fairly sure she had my cum in every crack on her body. 

Groaning softly, I moved carefully, getting out of the bed without waking her and making my way to Vicky's kitchen.

"Uhm... Slave? Come here please." I said loudly once I made it out of the room. I knew the omnibus would hear me. She was in my head, I could feel her presence.

Still, I wasn't used to her just popping up out of thin air. Which is what she did. Appearing in front of me in all her surreal beauty, the beauty that could not ever be found naturally here on earth. Wearing a silver dress that flowed down to her ankles, a long cut on one side that traveled all the way to her perfectly rounded breasts. She was breathtaking. I couldn't help myself, when she appeared I leaned forward and kissed her lips.

I apparently took her by surprise as her eyes went wide. She smiled into the kiss regardless, returning it with a soft sigh.

"You summoned me, my Mistress?" Came the voice of a goddess.

"Yes... Ah, do you have a name?" I asked suddenly, not the reason I called her, but still top on my mind. I was uncomfortable calling her slave all the time.

"No, my Mistress, I have never needed one."

"I see... Is there something you'd like to be called? Slave seems... I don't know, medieval? I guess."

The demon blinked at me at the question. I know now that beings like her were not used to be treated equally. Names were not something they were accustomed too. Being asked what they wanted to be called was so alien to them that at that moment the demoness who has lived for millennia was speechless. Since then I've created a name for myself amongst magical creatures, and have earned the respect of beings so powerful they could destroy the world and recreate it in an instant. But I'll get there.

"I have not thought about it before, my Mistress." She said softly, her eyes running over me for the first time non-sexually. She was seeing me for who I was, not for what pleasures I could give her.

"Well think about it, please." I said ignoring the looks as I went to the percolator. Coffee was an essential. "Would you mind if I called you pet until then? I don't like slave." I said softly as the machine started to heat up.

The being smiled softly at the word. It was what she had used on me, and what I had been calling Vicky the previous evening. I liked it. It was possessive, but not as demeaning. "Of course not, mistress." She said. I wanted to tell her to not call me mistress, but truth be told, it turned me on. "Is that the only reason you summoned me?"

"No... I..." I lost my train of thought looking down at my nude body. It was arousing to say the least. The dried juices liberally covered my breasts and I could still taste them on my lips. My crotch was a mess, and my nine-inch cock was hard. I thought about the vague magical lessons I received the day before and closed my eyes. Magic could do anything. It could change the world if you had enough power. Create what you needed out of nothing. There were no limits as far as I knew it. So, cleaning up a mess should be easy.

It was all about creativity, and will power. If you could think it, and then be able to put your conscious effort behind those thoughts, the power that ran the universe would jump at your bidding. So, I imagined myself clean. Fresh from the shower. No marks upon my body, no messes, no dried substance clinging to my skin. I felt the magical force well up, and then I released it. Opening my eyes afterwards.

"Efficient." My omnibus slave said. 

"Thanks." I turned around and poured myself a cup of coffee. Thinking about it, I poured a second and a third, placing one in front of my slave and leaving the last on the counter for Vicky. "So... I don't know why I summoned you." I said after a minute, taking a sip from my coffee. The demoness followed suit. "I guess... I don't know what to do now. I have this power, so school seems pointless. Is there something I should do? Some type of, I don't know, magical job fair I can check out?"

It was true. During all the sex Vicky and I had, when we were taking breaks. My mind went to what I was now. I could feel the power inside of me, and it was tremendous. More than I could hope to wield with anything I've thought of doing during those breaks. I was going to school with no real plan, now even that seemed like a waste of my time.

The omnibus chuckled as she sipped on her own coffee. I had poured it out of habit. "Enjoy life. Amass power. That's what other sorceresses do. Learn. Magic is about study. Knowledge is power, that phrase was said for those as you are." She said smiling.

"I get that. And I have a better understanding of how to increase my power." I said that last part hiding the blush with a sip of my coffee. I could feel it, last night with Vicky, every time we did something I was siphoning power from her, and increasing my own. "But I feel like I should do more. You mentioned a Council? I assume they have rules for magic users, yes?" She nodded. "How do I meet them?" She blinked at that.

"Normally one wouldn't want to meet the council. But I see why you feel the need." The looked down at her cup, thinking. "They have offices in every town and city that's big enough to hid magical beings. I can tell you what to look for, and show you where this city's office is." I frowned at that, but nodded.

I didn't talk, and she didn't push either. We simply drank our coffee. My cock was still bouncing up and down excitedly. Without even thinking about what I was doing, I reached down and started stroking myself. My mind lost on other things, my body was taking control.

"Mmn... Mistress." Came my slave's voice, it was strained so I looked up at her. Her perfect skin was flushed with arousal. Red cheeks, hard nipples underneath her thin dress. Her mouth was open slightly and one of her hands was pushing between her legs. "Y-You are powerful, indeed. The Lust within you is spilling out and filling me." She explained. "A sensation I've never felt before." As she spoke she stood, bending over the counter and presenting me with her rear. One hand grabbed her long dress and pulled up, letting me see every inch of leg slowly before finally getting to what she wanted. Her cunt was dripping with need, and I stared. "If you want... You may use me, Mistress. I am your pet, after all."

She looked over her shoulder at me as my body moved on its own once more. My hands reached out and pressed against her wet lips, eliciting a moan from my slave. For a split-second I thought it was a bad idea. This being, regardless if she was human or not, was mine. My will commanded her when I wanted, I knew that much. Was it right to use her like this? Then I remembered she was a demon born of lust. Who used lust to steal the life from people, to enslave their souls. I didn't think again.

I pressed my cock against the wet opening, groaning in the feeling. It was soft, like silk. The softest thing I've ever felt. And oh, so warm. "I haven't done this yet..." I said absently as I pressed the tip of myself against her. Biting my bottom lip, I pushed my hips in. If I thought blowjobs felt amazing, my first experience with vaginal sex with my member had me seriously rethinking my thought on blowjobs. Then again, it might be because the being I was currently sliding in was made for sex.

Still, it was heavenly. Her walls opened for me as I pushed in. The feeling of the wet, warm insides covering my thick shaft as if they were made for me. It was tight, but just enough that I could feel everything. Every twitch she made. I groaned out in pleasure as I slowly pushed in. Yeah, I could slam myself inside. Get everything in one go. But this was technically my first time, my penis was losing its virginity. It made sense. I lost mine to this woman, might as well lose it a second time. I was so entranced with myself I paid no attention to the omnibus. She didn't matter at this moment. The only thing that mattered was watching as my shaft hid itself in the perfection of the toy. That's what she was. Or at least, that's what my magic thought of her. It was true enough, I would find out later.

The omnibus was my toy, and I was experimenting. It was slow, mind bending slow, but I forced it on myself. Wanting to feel it. By the time I was fully embedded into her, I was panting from the pleasure. I could release right now if I wanted too. Any man would've. The first touch I wanted to explode and I forced myself to hold it. Then I remembered something. Magical cock. Never grows soft. With a groan, I released in her. My warmth and thick cum filling her up as my voice increased with a loud moan. It felt too good. My slave felt it too as she tilted her hair back and let out a pleasant sigh. "Th-Thank you mistress." I heard her say, but I wasn't done yet. Willing magic into my cock I started to move.

I wanted to go slow. I thought about it. I tried to force my body to move slowly. What I wanted, and what I needed are very rarely the same thing. Instead of listening to me and moving slowly, my hips pulled back then slammed into her. My crotch slapping against her round, jiggling ass as my rod filled her again. Over and over I slammed into her. With no thought to her own pleasure. 

Though by the sounds of her moans, I didn't have to think about her pleasure.

One hand slapped her jiggling ass hard, as the other reached up and grabbed her hair. Pulling on it tightly causing her to gasp. I could feel her walls closing on me as I slammed. "M-Mistress!" She cried out. "Y-You... You are forcing me to cum." She said, looking back over her shoulder in surprise. I found out later she would normally orgasm when she wanted too, never before she had never been brought to orgasm without conscious thought. Which is why it was so surprising.

"Good, pet." I said, accentuating each word with a thrust. "Cum for your mistress..." I said as I pushed into her hard, over and over. She cried out loud, her walls crushing over my cock as she came. I could feel her juices squirting out of her, covering my own cunt with them as I buried my rod inside of her. She was breathing heavily, a was I as I slowly pulled out. "On your knees." I commanded, she obeyed. Getting on her knees below me.

That perfect face looked up at me. I found out with Victoria that I much prefer to mark my conquests. Most of the guys I've met love it when a woman swallows. I liked it too, but I much prefer seeing my seed on Vicky's body. Covered in me. "Open up." I command once more and her mouth opened as I started to stroke my shaft. She let her tongue out as she looked up at me. Hunger in her eyes. That look on that face was too much. I came. My thick white seed shooting out of me. I aimed for her mouth - mostly, but the extreme twitching I was feeling meant I got my wish. Some landed in her mouth, the rest over her face and in her hair. God I love that, still do, to this day.

She brought her cum-covered mouth back into her mouth and swallowed. "Thank you, mistress... It was delicious." I smiled down at her, leaned forward and kissed her on the lips. Tasting myself. I didn't taste like normal cum. I wasn't salty, I was sweet.

"Anytime, my pet." I said smiling.

"Wow... That was hot." Came Victoria's voice from behind me. It made me jump, but my pet beneath me of course would've seen her. 

Looking over my shoulder I saw Vicky staring at us, one hand between her legs. "Ah... Morning." I said embarrassed, pushing the cup of coffee I had poured to her closer. "I'm going to head out. Things I need to do."

Victoria stopped taking a sip and stare at me. I could see what was going through her head. Would I come back? Were we still friends? Where we more than friends? It was cute. I leaned forward and kissed her as well. "I'll be back later, if that's okay? I much prefer your room to mine." I said with a wink.

******

After making sure that Vicky was calm and assured her I would be back to talk about us. My slave and I left. The omnibus showed me how to make clothes out of magic. Which the feminine side of me that loved pretty things was ecstatic about that. I had already gone through about ten outfits, each more extravagant than the last. I settled on something simple for now. Tight jeans and combat boots and a black t-shirt with a thin white jacket over top of it. The clothing, whether by unconscious design or as a result of my lust filled magic, each article was tight over my body. There wasn't much hiding from others watching me as I walked up to the office where a branch of the Council was stationed.

The building itself was nondescript. It looked like any office building in a town, ever. Plain and boring. My slave stood behind me. "It's supposed to look boring, my Mistress." She said softly in my ear. A part of me wished she wouldn't do that. Her voice dripped sexual tension. Another part wish she'd get closer. 

"Thank you, pet, I think you should leave now though." I said turning to face her. She smiled at me and nodded. Normally she just poofed away. Disappeared without though. This time she sat and looked at me. Smiling at her, I leaned forward and placed my lips against hers. The kiss was nice, not heat inducing lust-fire, but pleasant all the same.

"I shall take my leave then, my Mistress." She said bowing her head before poofing away.

"Show me how to move like that, pet." I sent in my thoughts, feeling the needle prick in my thoughts that was my omnibus. I received a soft giggle in return as I turned towards the building and moved in.

The name over the door was so eroded and old that I couldn't even read it. Walking in an old bell dinged. The inside was just as bad as the outside. Plain eggshell walls, with brown furniture and an old desk in the middle of the room. Nothing about this place screamed "We are a part of the magical community". There was a door at the end of the room, but not another soul was in there. "Hello?" I shouted out, walking towards the desk.

"A warning, mistress. Keep your lust under control while around other sorcerers. Or not... Depending on what you want to happen. You are powerful, you'd be able to control any sorcerer known today." My omnibus' voice echoed in my head as the door opened.

I don't know what I expected. I was new to this, brand new, new-born baby new. The only other magical being besides my slave was Victoria. We talked some the night before, she was relatively new to all this as well. Only finding her own powers a few years before, she hadn't even heard of the Council yet. The Council, or so I'm told, only step in when someone does that threatens our existence. Look at me... "our existence", already.

I was not expecting the man who walked out of the door. He was huge. Easily over six and a half feet. He looked like a fucking body builder. Muscles upon muscles underneath his too-tight business suit (for your information, the suit was boring as well). He had long brown hair that would hang to his shoulder if it wasn't up in a tail behind his head. He wasn't unattractive, but he wasn't particularly attractive either.

Something was nagging at the edge of my senses. Something I had never felt before. It took me a moment, but I realized it was his power. I could sense how powerful he was. Despite his outward appearance, he didn't have a fraction of what I held inside of me.

"Can I help you, miss?" He said, his voice just as rough as his appearance.

I gave him my sweetest smile I could as he looked over me. Another new feeling. I knew this one. I had felt it with Victoria, and if I thought about it, felt it with my slave too. This one was lust. My power sensing a feeding as he looked at my skin-tight clothing. "Hello, yes... Uhm... I'm not sure if I'm in the right place, I'm new - you see, and I'm looking for information."

He narrowed his eyes at me. Since I was closer I could see that they were a dull brown. This whole place was dull. I felt a prodding feeling on my senses. It was another new feeling. I heard the whisper of my demon, that he was testing me, seeing if I had magic. "I see. Just came into your magic then?" He said suddenly as I stayed still during the prodding. Nodding slowly to himself he looked behind me. The tell-tale sound of a door locking was heard. "Come in, have a seat. How can I help?"

He took a seat at his desk, and I took the single boring seat across from him. "Thank you. I was just wondering... Well... Since this happened, I don't know what to do. Don't know where to go from here." She said, looking down at her knees, her cheeks blushing.

"I see. Well... What exactly are you looking for? The Council does employ some sorcerers and the like, I don't know if you'd be up for it. We are really looking for those to join our law enforcement division." I raised an eyebrow at that. My slave mentioned something about laws, but she didn't know them personally. She wasn't from this realm of existence, so our laws and rules did not apply to her, just anyone who summoned her. "It's not pretty work, it's not safe. It's dangerous."

"I'm not even sure of the laws, sir." I said softly, smiling at him again. Again, that spike of lust hit me as he looked at me. It made me blush. "And... May I ask... What..." I didn't know how to ask. The question 'what sin is your soul attached too' just doesn't sound nice.

The man smiled again. He had a nice smile, if nothing else on him was. "Pride. And you...?"

Apparently, it wasn't an odd question between magic users. He answered it without a blink of his eyes, and asked without so much as a second thought. "Oh... I'm... Lust." I said, biting my bottom lip in embarrassment.

He blinked again, another spike of lust, stronger than the last. "My mistress, fuck him." Came the voice of my omnibus. I blinked at him at her words in my head. He was talking, talking about the rules of the magical world, what enforcers do. I only half paid attention to him.

"What... Why... I... I can't just do that..." I thought to her furiously. Unable to form the words in my head.
