 ******

Hey everyone,

Thanks for reading Awakening! I hope you are enjoying it. As I was writing this one, my first two works were published on Literotica, with my third one on the way. Hopefully you are enjoying it, I've been enjoying writing it. From a day of being published on the site, I've noticed that a number have rated my works high.

For this, I thank you, from the very bottom of my heart. As I've said before, I never show my work to anyone. Keep it to myself. So, knowing that there are at least a few out there enjoying it... Well, words can't describe. I apologize for any shoddy editing work I do on my part. Never been much of an editor. I write and leave it at that.

This installment of Awakening is more working out what Amellia and Victoria are to each other. Turns out quite interesting at the very end. I'm an explorer writer, never know what's going to happen till it does. So, it was a surprise.

As always, comments are appreciated. Let me know what you like, what you don't like, hell -- even what you'd like to see. My personal email is on my bio if you don't want to post on here. Either way, look forward to hearing from you.

Much Thanks,

Axle.

******

Ricky Smith, a boring name for a boring individual. Despite his large, hard worked body -- there was nothing interesting about this particular Sorcerer. He wasn't very powerful, so even those in his community didn't pay him any mind. The man only had one thing going for him -- he was smart. Extremely clever. And had a taste for premonitions. Not that any of this truly meant anything. He was just a cog in the machine of the Council of Seven. Ordered to watch over the drab office in a drab town. 

Ricky watched as the sorceress left, his eyes lingering on her rear. The man still sat stark nude on his chair, he figured he was allowed to watch her. Amellia, she said her name one. She didn't give a last name. What just happened was one of the wildest things he had ever done, something that was normally out of his comfort zone. Taking a woman like that, and one so young too, was unthinkable. But he had. And it had probably been the best sex of his dreary existence.

He learned something else though. Something the Council ought to know. A power they should fear. 

If she, newly awakened as she claimed, could put that much power over him, she should be watched. The problem was, he knew she didn't control his actions. When you walk the earth for well over a hundred years (magical beings had extended lifespans, the more power -- the longer you'll be around naturally) you tend to pick up a few things despite lack of one's own power. She didn't place a spell over him, didn't magicked him in anyway. She wasn't even particularly beautiful. Oh sure, she was attractive. But not to the level of which he responded.

It was her mere presence. Her magic was strong. Strong enough to leak out and affect those around her. Not that he minded, it was good sex. 

More than that though, was the power he had fed off of her. She only said a few words to stroke his ego. But already his magic was twice what it was before. That was unheard of. Sure, magic users fed off each other, each giving a boost to each-other's abilities. She force fed him. His body was on fire, his soul burning from it.

Reaching into his discarded pants he pulled out a cell-phone and hit the "1" and held it for the speed-dial to kick in. A woman answered. "Yes, Ricky Smith for the Councilmember of Pride, please."

"Just a moment..." Time to report.

******

I sat in the bus heading back to campus, my mind lost with thoughts. I had received some information from Ricky, but none of it I liked. None of it screamed at me to go do that. Enforcement. Maybe she'd get more information if she visited him again, and the organization could seem less murdery. Maybe not. Who knew? Maybe she could work her way up, get a seat on the Council eventually and then change how they operated. Murder was extreme. And though it might have been okay a few hundred years ago -- she doubted anyone her age would like it.

She groaned as things pulled at her senses. She knew what it was. People had the Sin of Lust in their hearts at this time. She was on a public bus, wearing skin-tight clothing that showed off every feature of her body. Looking around she caught a few of the other passengers staring at her. Did she become more attractive at some point? She had gotten attention before, but not like this, not like what Ricky had shown her as well.

"Pet...?" She sent in her head. "Listening to my thoughts?"

"I was, mistress, I apologize." Came the beautiful, perfect, sensual voice, echoing inside my head. It's funny how fast someone can get used to something.

"So...? Why do I keep getting this attention?"

"Ah... That'd be your magic, mistress. It's causing a reaction to those around you. Nothing more would come of it besides a few horny humans, nothing more unless you wanted it too."

Somewhere inside I knew that was the case, so I did the only thing I could. Ignored it. Wasn't quite ready for a gangbang in public. Then I realized, I apparently was ready to think about having a gangbang in public. Goddamn, how much of this magic is affecting me? I sighed and leaned back against the uncomfortable chair as we bounced through town. I could feel the eyes on me, I could feel the lust.

"Excuse me..." Came a voice to my side, I looked up. It was a man, probably my height and rather scrawny looking. Nerd would apply here. He wasn't attractive, but he just... he looked smart. If that makes sense. Large glasses, extremely messy brown hair. Dark brown eyes. To be honest, he was more interesting than Ricky, despite not having muscles atop of muscles working on other muscles. The boy was skinny though. I say boy because as I looked at him, he couldn't be older than eighteen. I was about to shoot him down when I sensed something else from him. Nervousness. I had the image in my mind he's never come up and talk to a woman before.

"Hello, honey." I said putting my voice in a sweet sisterly/motherly mode, something I didn't realize I could do. "What's up?"

He blushed at me, and his hand tightened around the bar as the bus went on a particular nasty bump. "I was just wondering i-i-if I c-could sit with y-you...." He said, the stutter was cute. 

I smiled at him and patted the empty seat next to me. He balked at that, apparently he thought I was going to deny him. His planning hadn't gone much past asking me to sit down. "It's okay, I don't bite that hard." I said playfully, giving him a wink as I patted the seat again. He jumped and quickly sat next to me. I twisted my body so I could look at him.

I gave him his time. The time he needed to get his thoughts in order. I took the time to look over him again. He wore jeans and a t-shirt with a stupid little saying on it (I can't remember it, so sorry to inconvenience you) it was one of those dumb puns, or something. They weren't the best. His jeans were dirty and ripped up, they just looked old. The t-shirt was faded from age and washing. He was skinny. It didn't look like there was any fat on his body, but it didn't look like there was any muscle either.

We rode in silence for a few minutes before he spoke. "I... I was wondering if I could get your number?!" He shouted out, his cheeks flushing a bright magenta. Not red. Magenta. As he spoke. Realizing he shouted it, his eyes fell to his feet and he started standing up. "S-S-Sorry." He said, I could tell he was about to walk away.

"Wait, honey." I said, grabbing his arm. There was lust oozing out of him, but nervousness as well, and shyness and untapped potential. "Give me your phone."

At my words, he balked again, turning quickly enough around that he broke my grip on his arm. His mouth was wide, and if this were a cartoon his eyes would've bulged out of his skull and tongue fallen to the floor. That thought made me giggle softly. Again, he stood still for a few minutes before he reached in his jeans, hand shaking as he took out his phone, unlocked it, and handed it to me.

I blushed slightly seeing what he was looking at before coming over. I think it's called hentai? I've never watched or looked at it myself. But it was a big breasted, anime-style woman with a large cock between her tits. It was hot looking. Must explore porn more, now that I have a new mindset on everything. 

I hit the home page, then the image of a phone to bring up the dialer. I punched in my number, then hit send. I felt the vibration in my breasts where I had hidden my phone, pulled it out (I did it slowly, to tease the boy, sue me) and answered it. "There, works." I said showing him his own number ringing me. "I'm Amellia by the way, shoot me a text sometime." He blinked at me, and whether this stop was his, as the bus stopped he gave me promises he would then hurriedly left the bus. I could see the erection in his pants as he left.

The rest of the bus ride was similar. After seeing the nerd do it, the other men tried as well. I turned them down. They didn't interest me. They were the typical bro dudes. Frat brothers who think they could get any women they wanted. Dated enough of them, didn't want to do it again. I found an extremely helpful trick using magic when one of them wouldn't leave me alone. His name was Wesley, but for now they'd be calling him Wes-Pee. Magic is cool.

I made it back to the dorm rooms, having handing my number out to Nerd-Boy and a girl who was just as cute and shy. Victoria was waiting for me in her living room, curled up on the couch and watching Game of Thrones. At the sight of me she paused her show and turned to smile at me. She wasn't as bubbly as she usually is. She wasn't bouncing up and down. Her face was happy, but her eyes said serious.

"Oh, right... The Talk." I said as I closed the door behind me. I didn't say it cruelly, or with scorn. My mind had been on other things all day that I had totally forgotten about it. "Let me start...?" I asked her tentatively.

Victoria frowned slightly before getting up. "First..." She closed the distance between me and kissed me. I would never grow tired of kissing this woman. Each one was always passionate, even simple pecks like this. Our lips weren't fighting against each other, our tongues weren't trying to invade each other. It was a kiss you'd give your lover, saying hello, saying goodbye. But there was so much more to it than that. 

Breaking the kiss, she smiled, "Welcome back." She said, her voice happy as she took my hand and led me to the couch. 

"Okay..." I said taking a seat next to her, sitting on my legs with my back to the armrest so we were facing each other. I brushed my raven black hair out of my eyes and smiled at her. "I realize I like you." I said, feeling a touch of déjà vu from Monday. She was about to talk, about to jump up and do something and I held up my hand. "I do, or at least I think I do. Ever since I got my magic, my brain has been changing. I think about sex way too much. I get horny way too easily. I'm worried that my feelings for you are not true, but sexually induced from when I first got my magic."

Victoria kept quiet and listened. Her eyes going wide as I gave her my fears. "Oh..." she said simply. "I can see how that could, ah, make things difficult."

I nodded and continued. "I don't want that to be the case in later in life we hate each other because of it." She was about to assure me of something, I could see it in my eyes but I put my pointer finger against her lips. "Shh, now, let me finish please." Vicky nodded, kissing my finger gently before leaning back again. "I would love to try dating you... But the thing is, my Sin is Lust. I don't know what yours is, but it makes me want to increase my magic. And to increase... Well, I have to give into my lustful desires." 

She nodded her head. "Envy." She said when I took a break to pause.

I blinked at her. She hadn't mentioned that Saturday. "I... I realized it sometime yesterday." She said. "I grew jealous when that omnibus said you had a lot of power. I felt mine increase. I was jealous when I walked in on you and her. My power increased. I felt jealous when you left this morning with her, thinking you were going to go do more stuff without me..." She let the statement finish off. I blinked again at her.

The omnibus appeared sitting on the armchair. She wore what one would called skanky business attire. Thin glasses on her face, and a clipboard in her hand. She was grinning mischievously. "May I cut in, mistress?" She said, playing with the silver chain around her neck.

"I didn't summon you." I said, flabbergasted. Till now, she only appeared when I called her. 

"I know, and you may punish me later for the intrusion. But I have noticed a few things that you might like to know about..." Her eyes went to Victoria. My omnibus is perfection. A being of sensuality and lust. War would be fought over her gaze alone. The first time she laid eyes on me, I came in my pants. It was one of the best orgasms I had had before that happened. Now her gaze only arouses me, I have a feeling that it was because she was my slave and her will was mine. But when she looked at my friend, Vicky moaned and reached between her legs, her cheeks going red.

"What is it?" I asked, ignoring my friend having an orgasm -- for the moment. Plenty of time for that later.

Her gaze went from Vicky to myself and I felt my nether regions harden. My cock (did I mention I still had my cock) hardened at it and I gasped softly. Ignoring the building lust in me. She smiled softly as she mimed looking down at her clipboard. "Victoria is your soulmate." She said simply, looking from me to her.

Now when a magical being of lust and sex says someone is your soulmate, you tend to take that to heart. My gaze went to Victoria, hers to mine and we just stared. My omnibus had the smarts to keep quiet to that. "G-Go on..." I said, still looking at my friend... My soulmate? What? 

"Yes, mistress. I noticed it this morning when you were pleasuring yourself with me." A rise out of Victoria's face, jealousy. The omnibus planned that. "A connection between her and you. Now when beings such as yourself find your soulmates, you know it. You were right in thinking it was the magic giving you feelings. But those are feelings you would've felt had you both been magicless." That was a load off my mind, and I smiled softly towards Vicky, she smiled back. "And if I may give a suggestion as to a problem about monogamy."

At that we both turned towards her. That had been something I was hinting at.

"You are lust, so you feed off those. She is envy, and likewise. When you feed, she grows jealous. You both increase your powers by those lustful acts, mistress. Victoria," my slave purred talking to her, "no matter what happens, no matter who my mistress enslaves and feeds from, she will always come back to you. Of that, you have nothing to worry about."

"Wait, enslaves?" I said, breaking out of my loving gaze towards my friend. I was only half paying attention to the demoness. Searching my feelings to find the pleasant buzz of love. "What do you mean, enslave?"

My mistress grinned at me, and held up her chains. "A sorceress who can enslave one such as me, will be targeted." She said simply. "Now, you can either kill those targets, demons and human alike, or you can enslave them." She blushed as she looked at the chains on her wrists. "It's pleasant, being your slave. I never thought I'd like it. It's already being spread in the Outer-World about my predicament."

I blinked slightly at her. Hoping I wasn't causing her any problems in the long run. "Those of Lust, like yourself, tend to enslave themselves a harem -- if you would. People they can constantly feed on, constantly replenish their magic from. Normally it is done by mutual consent. But I fear some of my brethren, you would have to do it forcefully. Now, that is all from I, I shall let you two love birds talk." The last word dripped with sarcasm. Like she knew. Hell, she was in my head, she probably did know there wasn't much to talk about.

"So..." I said, breaking the silence first, bringing my grey eyes to my friend.

Victoria was smiling. "Amellia Morgana Noctis, will you go out on a date with me?" She asked, the bubbly personality I've grown to admire coming back in that instant. Apparently, the demon had smoothed over every worry either of us had. Though I could tell the thought of me having sex with anyone but her was a problem, the promise of increased magic outweighed that. It was something I had to do, and it was something she had to live with.

"A date?" I said giggling. "After last night?" She nodded her head, leaning forward and kissing my cheek.

"If we are soulmates. Shouldn't we at least pretend that we've been on one date?" She looked over my body. "I mean... Don't get me wrong, I want you. Now more than ever. I want your rod inside of me so bad I need clean panties. But! I have the willpower to wait, and take you on a date."

Blushing at her words I leaned forward and kissed her. "Victoria Whatever-Your-Middle-Name-Is Baker, I would love to go on a date with you."

Her reaction, as on Monday, was priceless. She squealed like a young girl getting what she asked for on Christmas morning. Jumping on top of me and straddling me as our lips locked. The lust oozed out of her, like she was a sponge and I was squeezing her dry. It was intoxicating, to say the least. I felt myself moan against her lips as I felt a dampness press against the bulge in my clothing. She wasn't wearing pants! Just a tight pair of pink panties.

"You know how long it's been since I've had a cock in me?" She asked softly against my lips, grinding against me. "Never really liked them before. Always thought they looked odd. Like aliens." She continued, moaning against me. "Make your clothes disappear." She said softly, I did so. Following her command. I felt my member press against the softness of her panties, could feel her arousal. "But yours... Mmmn, yours is fucking beautiful, Amy." She said, pushing down hard against me.

"Th-Though, you wanted to wait." I managed to get out. It was damn sexy. Feeling her atop of me, grinding against me. We had done similar the night before, but that was before I had known my feelings. Love makes everything better, apparently.

"I do, doesn't mean I won't tease." She said grinning as I felt her teeth in my neck. I gasped at the pleasant pain, pushing my hardness against her wetness. "It would be easy." She whispered against my neck. "Pull my panties to one side, slide you in." She groaned as she pushed down hard. My hands going around to grab her large ass. She was curvier than me. Her large DD breasts pushing against my modest C cups. Where I had a tight ass, hers was soft and bouncy. The type that was perfect for twerking (is that still a thing, twerking? I can never keep up). "I don't want you in me, yet. Doesn't mean we can't have fun other ways."

Her words were followed by actions. Another sharp bite on my neck before moving again. She pulled me down the couch, so I wasn't leaning against the armrest, I was lying flat. Then she turned. Her knees going to either side of my head as she pulled her shirt off before bending down. I felt her breasts on my stomach and her hot breath on my shaft. The heat radiating from her cunt now hovering over my face. The smell, the need dripping from her. 

I say dripping, I meant that literally. She had creamed herself so much that it was currently seeping through her panties and dripping on my face. It was, well, it was fucking hot as hell.

Before she could do anything else, I tilted my head up. My tongue coming out of my mouth to travel the wet stain of her panties. She moaned at the touch, feeling me. Victoria wasn't prepared for me to make the first move. My hands came around and grabbed her rear again as I pushed my face against her. Sucking where I knew her clit was, tonguing where I knew her opening was. Not once pushing the panties to the side, but instead using them to give her pleasure. The rough fabric pushing against her, I knew would increase what she felt.
