 This one went a little long. I apologize for that if you prefer the stories shorter. I enjoyed writing it, so I hope you have just as much fun reading it.

I've noticed rereading over my works that I am absolutely terrible at editing them. For that I wanted to apologize, hopefully the poor grammar doesn't take too much from the story and the fun. Making a promise to try and do better after this.

As always, any comments are appreciated. I hope you are enjoying Amellia's Awakening.

Axle.

******

Monday morning, my ass was sore. It hurt to stand, it hurt to sit. It hurt to stand. It hurt to walk. But goddamn I would do it again in a heartbeat. Sunday night was among the most painful and most exciting time of my life. My slave popped in at one point in the night to give Victoria pointers. Where to inflict the most pain-pleasure ratio. How to hit so she didn't mark up my otherwise perfect skin.

It was fun. We came so many damn times.

My first full week as a sorceress was... interesting. I received much more attention than I normally did, for starters. Men, women, teachers. They all looked my way as I passed them in the hallways. Work was interesting too. I did retail, sales girl at some clothing chain that isn't worth to mention. Every day I was at work, I wanted to put out a tip jar. Everyone wanted help from me. Women wanted me to help them try on their clothing. I did a few times. I had a type when sexing up strangers. They had to be interesting. 

The soccer mom who was shy about her sexuality, and wasn't being pleased at home. Shyly asking me if I could zip up a dress. The war veteran who was missing an arm and scarred, asking me what he thought of a jacket. The bigger girl, who has always had trouble with bullies about her weight, foolishly picking up things that were way too small or too big for her. The man who lost his wife to a fight with cancer, who hadn't been able to talk to a woman in years.

It wasn't just the sex. It wasn't just increasing my power. It was about helping these people, in my own special way.

The great thing. After each of these little trysts, I would go back to Vicky's apartment and tell them to her. Each and every little sordid detail. Where we did it. What they did to me, what I did to them. How it felt. What they tasted like. How loud I moaned. How loud they moaned. The swapping of powers between me and Victoria was another pleasant feeling. Despite the stinging of my rear.

I remembered, come Monday morning, to get rid of my cock while I was out. Only re-growing it when I was back at home. The thinking was, most people weren't ready for a hermaphrodite to waltz into their lives. Besides, for the moment at least, Victoria wanted that appendage for herself (only begrudgingly letting me use it on my omnibus, since Vicky and I were still forcing ourselves to wait for actual sex). 

Oh! I had quit my job on Thursday of that week. My boss came onto me one late night. After an hour of wild crazy monkey sex, I decided it was time for a career change. Though, to what, I still had no idea.

Shifting on my hard seat, my ass still hurting from the night before, I tried to force myself to listen to the professor talking. It was Friday, and my last class of the week. I forget what class it was. Please remember, during this period of my life I had much more interesting things going on than whatever the professor was talking about. I was in college for a history degree. I always found history fascinating, still do even though after that semester I changed my major. I was fairly sure this class was about some ancient civilization. 

The professor, Professor MacDaniel was her name cute, widowed, husband died she lost almost all of her sex-drive. Oh yeah, forgot to mention, I've been able to read people a lot better. It was magical, literally. I had a connection to their souls, at least the parts darkened by anything resembling lust. Even my immortal demoness slave couldn't quite explain why I had such a connection. The stronger I got, the more I fed my magic, the more I could divine from them. 

Using magic was becoming second nature to me. I haven't had to put a single article of clothing since, creating what I wanted to wear from thin air. I have done other things, but to me that was the most useful. Any free time I was studying. Not for tests. Just learning about things. I could only affect objects with magic if I knew how they worked. For example, I could use the force that controlled the universe to pour a glass of water from Vicky's fridge, only if I knew how the mechanics of the fridge worked. What happens when you press the button. What clicks, what turns on, what turns off. So, I studied. Learning about engineering and mechanics and technology. We lived in a world of technology, after all. I also started studying biology. I could now increase the size of my breasts if I wanted, though I kept them my modest C cups. Grow my hair, or shorten, or change its colors (learning what chemical reactions happen when you dye it made it easier).

I was lost in my thoughts when I felt my boob vibrate. I moaned. Couldn't help it. I've been so damn sensitive, and the corner of my phone was apparently pressed up against my nipple. Ignoring the looks of those closest to me, I pulled it out of my shirt (low cut pink thing that accentuated my small breasts and cleavage).

"Can't wait for tonight! I'll meet you at the room, then our date starts." It was a text from Vicky. I smiled at it, and returned that I was counting down the minutes before I could leave. 

Looking at the top of the screen I noticed it was ten minutes till that time, so I started packing up my unused notebook and textbook, slipping them into the messenger bag I used to carry my stuff around in. I was sending Vicky another text just as the professor was finishing up her lecture, and assigning homework for over the weekend. Which I also ignored. Too much to look forward too.

I was the first one out of the room, already moving by the time she told the others to pack up. Hell, the courtyard in between all the different buildings was practically empty when I left the lecture building. It was a beautiful spring day as I walked through the park-like area. The flower beds were just starting to bloom. 

The walk to the dorm building went quickly, mainly because I was practically jogging. The ride up to Victoria's floor lasted much longer, and I practically ran through the hallway to her dorm. She had given me a key when this all started. And though it hasn't been said, I've moved in. We had been told we were soulmates after all, so it just seemed right. It felt natural.

As I opened the door I was bum-rushed by brown haired, busty babe. "Welcome home!" She said sing-song almost. I didn't have a second to breath before her soft lips were on mine. Not a thought passed through my head as our tongues touched and intertwined with each other. Fighting for dominance. She won. The past week, she controlled me in our room. She was the dominant partner, I was her play thing. Of course, I could feel the love in the kiss as I moaned into her mouth.

"B-Babe." I gasped into her mouth when we broke for air for a split second. The word made her stop, and then she giggled. 

"Sorry. Classes were boring, I was looking at those pictures I took of you." She smiled up at me and gave me a much more subdued kiss on the lips, then one on the cheek. 

I returned the kiss and the smile as we hugged. Victoria, since I met her, has always been able to make me smile. She had that addictive, contagious personality that people gravitated to. Her smile was fire, and other's lips were dry leaves.

"So, Amellia, are you ready for our date?" She asked gripping my arm and pulling me towards the couch. We were the same height, like, exactly the same height. She pulled my arm against her large breasts, covered in a very thin, very tight tank top.

"I would be, if I knew where you were taking me." I replied, plopping down on the couch. A ritual that was so familiar already.

"Ah! Tis a surprise, my lady!" She said giggling as she plopped down next to me. We cuddled for a second, me curled against her, and her arms around me. It didn't last long before she popped up again. "So, we have reservations in two hours - we're going to the City. Then after that, another surprise." She smiled as she pulled me up. "C'mon, c'mon. It's an hour and a half to get to the city, and LA traffic is a bitch and a half. You still haven't figured out how to pop in and out of places." It was true. I've been having my demoness teach me how she was able to materialize in and out, it was going slow. "We'll need your special clothing making skills though."

I groaned as I stood, stretching teasingly. "What type of outfits?" 

"Fancy first. Then slutty second." Victoria said, smiling wide.

******

Two hours and fifteen minutes later we were sitting in one of the fanciest restaurants I've ever been too. Not that I've been to many fancy restaurants. My family wasn't made of money like Victoria's was. She was one of the rare rich kids though, never let it go to her head and never flaunted it. Today was special though.

I looked at my date, and felt my breath leave me for a second. Thanks to my magic, and our natural beauty. We were fucking hot. 

Victoria was curvier than I was. Her breasts larger, her ass rounder. She jiggled as she walked, in the hypnotic sensual way. Her brown hair was coiled into a bun, being held together with a pair of chopsticks. She had a thing for the Asian culture, her grandmother was apparently born in Japan and moved over. She didn't take her looks from her, but from her mother - from what I've seen of pictures. The dress she made me conjure up for her was a mix of sexy-cocktail dress and kimono. A Japanese style design, a dragon and tiger, danced over that gorgeous body.

I looked down at my much more subdued attire. I still looked hot, but I wasn't as flamboyant as my date. I had picked out a glossy black dress that traveled down to my ankles. The color matched my black hair almost perfectly. It was tight over my chest, loose nearer my crotch. Before we left, I had regrown my nine-inch cock - on Victoria's request. The process is what made us fifteen minutes late for our reservation. So, we decided to hide the bulge, instead of accentuating it like we normally did when we were by ourselves. Hell, when we were by ourselves, clothing wasn't an option. My long black hair was loose, and covered my shoulders as we were shown to our seats.

The night started off great. We ordered a bottle of wine, a place like this, with their prices, didn't care if you were twenty-one or not. As long as you paid. Then we just talked. Ordered appetizers, and learned about each other.

We had been avoiding talks like this. Promising to save them for this date. Wanting to learn about each other while at a romantic dinner. It was nice. Us just talking. I told her how much trouble it was always being the new kid growing up. I told her how nerve wracking it was wondering if my parents were going to come home when they were deployed. What it was like only having one parent at a time for long periods. 

She told me what it was like at her house. How money wasn't always a good thing. Rich people had troubles too. She didn't complain about little things. She didn't brag about always having the new toys. She just told me about her childhood. And I mine. We were from two different worlds. Where I barely saw my parents, she was never not around her parents. We weren't trying to one-up each other, either. Not like some people do on first dates, trying to get the sympathy from the other. We legitimately wanted to learn about each other.

Our food came, and we continued to talk and eat. We laughed, we toasted to our future and we ignored everyone else around us. Sure, couples such as us were accepted more readily now. But it's one thing to hear about it in the news, it is a completely different thing to see it right in front of you. Especially in a place like this where most of the patrons were older couples, or business men.

"Hey so before we leave, I want to do something." She said as we finished the last of our wine. She was grinning at me. Giving me a look that I've grown to know, and look forward to. The look alone was enough to get a rise out of me (pun intended). If the look wasn't enough, I could sense the quick spike of lust between us.

"Oh? What?"

She looked around and blushed, leaning forward. "I've been to tons of these places... And, well, they were always classy. I want to dirty it up a bit." She said grinning again.

"Okay..." I said softly, "Where?"

"One of the bathroom stalls? It can be our first time..." She said, blushing again. I thought our first time would have been in our home. Romantic. Not this. Not that I minded it. The past week I had done a few things in public places. There was a thrill with the thought that you could be caught.

I smiled in response. "I'll be waiting." I said seductively. She had already said she would pay for the check, so as I stood and kissed her softly on the lips, she leaned back in her chair and waited for our server. 

I made my way to the bathroom. Now, if you've never been in a restaurant like this, you've never seen a bathroom. I've seen apartments that were smaller. It was decorated to match the restaurant proper. Fancy looking tiles adorned the floor, and the walls were painted to match. It just looked rich.

I made my way into the furthest stall, typically the largest, texted Victoria where I was, then undid the magic that had created my dress. Leaving me stark naked. Then I waited. Now, when waiting to meet a sexual tryst in a public area, a second feels like a fucking hour. And a minute feels like a day. I waited five days in that stall, naked, leaning against the wall. It was spotless, so I wasn't worried about being dirty. My cock bounced happily as I knew what was coming. 

By the time the sixth day was ending my stall door opened. I was worried it wasn't Victoria at first before I recognized her brown hair. "Get this dress off me." She said as she locked the door. I didn't have time to give her a greeting as her lips were on mine.

"God, you know how hard it's been to hold back from this?" She said, her hand gripping my erection, before her lips were back on mine. The break brought me enough sense of mine to remove her clothing in a similar fashion. At first it seemed like there was going to be a lot of foreplay.

There was a lot of heavy petting. Her hands on my chest and cock, my hands on her back and ass. "No. Now." She groaned out as she pushed off of me and dragged me to the toilet. Eww, right? But like I said, the place was fucking spotless. "Sit." She commanded, pushing me gently towards the seat, and I did. 

She straddled me almost as my ass touched the cold seat. Now I've only used my cock on one other woman, and she could barely be called woman. So, this would be my first time with a human. I could feel the heat radiating from her wetness as she brought herself down. My member stood straight up, pointing at its prize, waiting patiently.

"Every day. Playing with you. Playing with this. Counting down the days. You know how many times I almost caved and took it in me?" She asked, biting her bottom lip as she hovered. "Oh god, Amellia." She moaned out as she lowered herself. I could feel the struggle inside of her. To lower herself slowly and remain in control, or to plunge herself on me like a whore. 

Apparently, lust won out, and I was engulfed. It happened so suddenly I didn't think it did happen at all. Vicky's loud moans brought me back to reality. "Oh yes!" She cried out before realizing where she was, biting her bottom lip to keep from talking.

It had been three years since she has had an actual cock inside of her. Three years of tongues, fingers and toys. But not fleshy hardness. She sat on top of me, her eyes rolling back into her head as pleasure enveloped her. My magic was growing crazy. The amount of lust rolling off of my lover was more than I had fed off of yet. Perhaps it was because our bond. Perhaps it was because I had nine inches of magical goodness in her. Perhaps it was because of the struggle we each went through during the week. I could have thought about it more, but at that moment, I was focused on the feeling of her around me.

My omnibus, who was still nameless, was a perfect creature. Perfect in every way imaginable. As I focused on the feeling around me, I realized perfection was fake. Nothing was perfect in our world. I would take Victoria over her any day.

Her insides opened for me, she was tight. I was thicker than most of her toys. It was tight enough to hurt me, which I didn't realize something so pleasurable could ever cause pain. I felt the muscles of her inner walls twitch and clench around my shaft as she grinded against me, getting used to my feel and size.

"So, warm... So, good." She moaned out, her hands going to her breasts to squeeze and tweak at her nipples.

My hands found holds on her hips, my fingernails digging into her skin as I pushed my hips up. It was so warm and inviting, her wetness making my intrusion easy despite how tight she was around me. She had me pinned against the seat so I had no leverage to thrust into her, my body running on auto-pilot. My hips pushing up as much as I could, each move causing her having to mask even more moans.

"F-Fuck, Amellia... Keep doing that... Please. I'm so close already." She groaned out as she grinded her hips against me, but didn't give me anymore room. I continued to thrust up as much as I could. I could feel that I was hitting her g-spot. I've explored her enough with fingers and tongue I had a good idea. "Yes. Yes. Yesyesyesyes." She groaned out before pushing herself down on me hard. I felt her tighten even harder around my length. Unable to hold back her noises she moaned loud, the sound echoing around the bathroom. "Fill me, Amellia. I need to feel you fill me up."

She leaned forward and placed her lips on mind, moving her hips in ways I never would have thought of doing. I have mentioned, I was a virgin only a week ago, right? The only thing I knew was from the little amount of porn I had watched. I knew for certain that Victoria was giving all those women a run for their money. Without lifting off me I felt my self sliding out of her, and then her slamming down on me again. The noises, the squelching sound of her wetness being forced out of her with each slam got to me. That with her moaning. 

I felt myself moan in a warning, could feel my cock twitching inside of her. Pulsing against her walls as she rode me. She is still the best rider I've ever had on me. And I've had many since that night. The sound of her ass slapping my thighs as she picked up speed. Another moan out of my mouth warning her.

She lifted up one more time and I took the opportunity to slam my cock into her. My cum rushing out of me like a tidal wave. Her eyes widened as she felt it, the extra warmth in her, and she joined me in my orgasm. Her walls clamping down hard around me, her hips continued to move as she milked me dry. We stayed like that for a few minutes, breathing heavily and moaning, kissing and grinding. For a second we forgot where we were. Not in public, but in our own world.

"Amellia..." She said softly, slowing down her motions and sitting up staring in my eyes. "God, worth the wait." She said smiling. I couldn't help to agree.

"So where to next?"

"Secret, silly." She said, kissing the tip of my nose as she stood up. The cold of the air replaced the wet, warm. "Clothes pleased." I waved a hand and our formal attire returned quickly. My dress tighter around my waist, my bulge poking at the magicked fabric. I didn't care, and neither did Vicky as she kissed me again.
