 So, I should let you know that this selection is more about story progression than lust-filled antics. Sorry about that. One small scene in the beginning and that is it. I hope it doesn't turn you off, I figured after the last installment it was a good time to get the story thrown in there.

I also wanted to thank dont_miss_me for their editing work.

As always, I hope you enjoy it. Comments are appreciated and encouraged.

Axle.

******

So, Friday night was very fun, pleasurable, and just the right amount of painful. I realized as I woke up to a rather pleasurable experience. Victoria and I, once we had gotten home, didn't bother with things like talking, or eating. Our first tryst was in the car as soon as we parked, she had been edging me on the entire hour and a half car ride, and couldn't help it - she jumped me. The second time was in the elevator leading up to her room. Third time was right outside the door... You see where this is going? We didn't get home till around one in the morning - and we didn't get to bed for another seven hours after that.

There wasn't a lot of talking that night, and as I woke up, I felt like my body was drained of fluids. There was no way, magic or not, I could cum until I got something in me. Then my eyes opened.

Victoria was between my legs, her eyes looking at me waking up, her soft thick lips around the head of my cock. She smiled as she saw the expression on my face. I could feel my facial muscles, one of surprise and pleasure - I probably looked pretty derpy as I leaned my head back against the pillow and let out a pleasurable sigh.

"I could get used to waking up like this." I said softly. Victoria and I had an interesting relationship. My omnibus slave told us that we were soul mates, beings that would always be connected to each other no matter what. We were both sorceresses. My magic of the sorts that feed off of people's lust to increase itself, Victoria's was envy. Which meant that to increase my magic, I had to be around people doing lustful (typically sexual) things or to do them with them (much more fun). And Victoria had to be jealous, or be around jealousy. 

That defined our relationship. I would go out, sex up strangers or friends, come home and tell her about them. The more details the better. Our relationship started with me in the dominant position, but then our roles were reversed. She assumed control, taking out her jealousy and rage on "punishing" me. It was lots of fun; we both loved every minute of it. She got off on spanking or whipping me, and hearing about my affairs. I just got off.

I felt her remove her mouth as her hand started to stroke me. Her other digits were prodding at my opening below my cock. My pussy wet with need from the pleasant awakening. "Good morning, beautiful." Victoria said happily before thrusting two fingers into my snatch. My back arched at the sudden intrusion and I gasped loudly. Her hand on my shaft was moving faster.

"G-Good m-m-morning." I said, pushing my hips against her fingers. She gave a playful swat on my thigh as I tried, telling me to not move. I groaned and gritted my teeth, forcing my body to remain still.

"It's past lunch time, and I'm hungry." Came her voice, husky and seductive. She wasn't talking to me, not really, she was talking to my meat-stick. That only was sexy as hell. She was getting better at treating me like a plaything. 

I groaned as her mouth wrapped around my tip, sucking on it hard. My entire body was so sensitive from last night, not just the spanking, just the amount of sex we had. When she focused on my tip it was like electricity shooting through my body. Making every muscle twitch as my hips bucked. She let me, but followed with her head, so no matter how hard I pushed upwards, only my tip would enter her.

It was torture. That tingly sensation, my fingers gripping into the dirtied bedsheet (would have to clean that later), my feet pressing into the mattress as I lifted my hips trying to push into her mouth.

"Cum for me, Amellia." She said after letting my cock slip out of her mouth, and then she engulfed me. She took my ENTIRE length down her throat in one fell swoop. My mouth opened in a silent moan of ecstasy as I came. My cum was coating her throat as she sucked and swallowed me. At the same time, my body twitching violently as the rather large orgasm poured through me.

So, I lied, I could still cum. Yay magic dick.

We stayed still for a while. Her head nuzzled into my crotch, sporadically giving me kissing along my thighs. Lovingly I ran my hand through her hair. I wasn't sure how long we stayed like that, but it was comfortable. It was broken when she moved, sliding up my body to kiss me on the lips. "I'm going to make some coffee... You clean?"

I nodded absently as she kissed me again; removing herself from the warmth confines of her bed she left the room. It took me another minute before the sleep was enough out of my system to sit up fully and looked around. It looked like a fucking hurricane went through here, or more like a hurricane of fucking. So, I guess it's an apt description.

There was no clothing strewn around. That's one thing I love about my magical abilities, clothing was simple to conjure out of thin air. Last night that is what we wore. Dresses made from my magic. Which was fortuitous because we didn't have to worry about tearing them off of us in a moment of passion. I just had to will them away. Of course, tearing them off was fun so we did - but as soon as we did they simply disappeared. The bed was in shambles, and the knick-knacks that she had displayed on her dresser were pushed to the ground and scattered.

Once more, as with last Friday, there were bodily juices everywhere. The dresser was a mess, as was the couch, some of the walls, the floor, and the windows. My seed was everywhere, so was hers. Victoria was a squirter, so she helped in the mess. I pushed myself off the bed to take a good look at our events from last night. We stayed in the room for the most part, thinking we'd just fall asleep after the first time, then the second, then the third, and so on and so forth.

There were no limits to what magic could do, or so I've been told. The power, the energy, was apparently what made the entire universe keep spinning. It was creation in essence, it was change, it was destruction, it was whatever you wanted it to be. Sorcerers like myself could use that power to affect things around us and change up reality to how we see fit. At this time, I had only used for small things, cleaning cum caked on my skin or a bedsheet, creating clothing, creating a magic penis. You know, normal girly things. I hadn't realized at the time that I was going to have to up my game.

With a wave of my hand the room started to dance on its own. You remember that scene in the Disney movie Fantasia, where Mickey Mouse magically made the room clean itself? Think of that, just without mops and buckets. The bits and bobbles on her dresser removed themselves from the ground, floating in the air and moving to their rightful places as the stains and puddles of love-fluids simply disappeared (much more effective than mopping). The windows cleaned themselves, with the curtains and blinds repairing themselves.

The sheets on the bed were suddenly becoming un-stained and made-up. The carpets, the walls, the bedside table were righting themselves and suddenly spotless. Everything. All things said and done, It took almost none of the power in my great reservoirs of magic. Hell, it didn't even feel like I used any power at all. That sinking sensation in the back of my soul where my magic waited to be used was practically non-existent. My magic is strong, or so everyone keeps telling me. My "well" was almost limitless. I've explored it with my senses, trying to figure out how much I had. I had spent an hour in meditation and didn't get to the end.

I looked around to see if I missed anything before leaving. As I walked my body was cleaned as well, and the gasp of Victoria in the other room meant that my magic cleaning had reached her as well. "Thank you!" She yelled from the kitchen as I went to the bathroom.

"Coffee is done." She said as I finally made it to her. I knew it was, the smell was heavenly and I greedily reached for the mug that was filled to the brim. "Oh, guess who texted earlier this morning?" She said as she chuckled at my sipping of the coffee. 

"Who?" I said, gasping as I drank too fast and burned my tongue.

"Lazuli. She wants to meet up today. She said she'd meet us here, instead of us driving down to L.A. again." She waited for my reaction, but I was too engrossed in my coffee. Vicky was rich, it's not the reason why we were friends or loves, but it had its perks. Including glorious coffee that costs too much to be considered as a "sane" endeavor. 

I gave her a random grunt as a response and she continued.

"I told her sure, and we are meeting her in about an hour." I blinked at her, questioning her with my look. "She said she had some information for you, for us." She shrugged as she took a sip of her own coffee.

I felt a probing in my thought processes. Like a needle entering your skin, it made me blink. I hadn't heard from my omnibus in quite some time. "Yes, pet?" I said aloud, warning Victoria what was going on. As soon as I finished the last word there was another presence in the room, we both turned to look at my slave.

I call her "my slave" with the utmost respect, mind you. She's told me a bit about her realm of existence. To be a slave to a powerful being where she came from was actually an honor in their society. Demons are an odd bunch. They had been given a negative connotation here in our realm, but that was only because the mean ones were actually who came to visit. Mine was nice enough, despite wanting to enslave me on our first meeting. She was the one who I lost my virginity too, both times, once with my pussy the other with my cock... And she was fucking gorgeous too.

The type of beauty that artists could only dream of painting. That authors and poets had tried to describe lust and desire on paper, but failed miserably where she was concerned. As always, my eyes lingered over her body. Her long legs, her wide hips, large breasts and face made my cock jump. Her eyes were probably the most remarkable things about her. Deep in their colors, multiple hues of different colors played with each other. When I met her, that gaze caused a longing in me, an orgasm the likes of which I hadn't felt before. Now, they just turned me on, but they had that same effect on Victoria, who moaned and gripped at her crotch. "I wish you wouldn't do that every time you showed up." Vicky gasped as she leaned back on the counter.

The omnibus giggled like a schoolgirl and shook her head. Her hair, this time, was a dull red. It changed occasionally. "No, no you don't. You love it." She said sensually, giving a wink to Vicky who gasped again.

I felt my cock rise at the sounds and sights before me, but I leaned back on the counter, just watching the two. It was interesting to watch my omnibus, a slave to my will and who answered to my every command, and my lover and soul mate. When we were at home, I answered to her every command based on mutual acceptance. Those commands didn't fall to my omnibus, and I haven't told her to listen to Vicky. Victoria made a face, scrunching up her nose as she stared at the demoness, being careful not to look her in the eyes.

"You wanted something, my pet?" I asked sweetly, giving Victoria a wide smile before turning my attention to my slave. She looked me over, her eyes on my cock before looking me in the face.

"Yes... I wanted to warn you about something, since you've been playing with other sorcerers." I blinked in surprise, though I shouldn't have. I had told her to stay out of my head a while ago, but I never enforced it. She had come in handy a few times already.

"What?" I asked, sipping my coffee as I nodded towards the percolator. My demoness sauntered over, hips swaying in an enticing manner as she poured herself a cup.

"You mustn't mention me." She said simply taking a sip. "Oh, by the gods this is good." She said nodding towards Victoria. I waited patiently, blinking at my sex-toy waiting for her to finish. It took her too long to take the hint. "Oh, right. Ah, summoning demons, gods, or any other type of Outer-Realm Creature is violation of your silly laws."

Cocking my head to one side I looked at her. There were laws that governed the magical community on Earth. I wasn't familiar with them, an issue I needed to fix before I started truly exploring my powers. I knew the biggest one was don't out magic to normal humans. Don't let it become public knowledge that there are magical beings living amongst non-magical beings.

"Why?" I asked my thoughts winding. "Why is summing your kind against the law?"

"Most of those who can be summoned, who had let our language, our magic, into this world - are evil. Pick a war, we were at the center of it. Hitler had numerous contracts with demons." That was shocking, but now that I thought about it, I could see that. "We threaten your kind's way of life. Even with these chains," she said holding up the chain around her throat, "I am still considered a threat to human-kind. Even though I only want to feed off the souls of mortals..." She said the last part sarcastically, and I understood.

She was an omnibus, a demoness of Lust who, as she just said, fed off souls. Enslaved them, took them back to her realm, and kept them around as her own personal harem. She had a few hundred, she told me. Unlike succubi or incubi (was that the plural of those two?) she could feed off men and women and then keep them alive for as long as she wanted once they were hers completely. Seeing her as my slave, I forgot about this rather often.

"I... I see." I said softly, staring down at my mostly empty cup. My pet had always been sweet, well, after I chained her at least. It was hard to think of her as dangerous. But whenever she appeared Victoria tensed up, like she was ready for a fight.

"Also... I've heard talk." She looked at me, gone was the seductive glance, the grin that promised pleasures, here was a serious face. She's still beautiful in every sense of the word. But the beauty didn't stroke my fires as much as usual, and I paid attention to what she said.

I threatened others. Apparently. Word had gotten around, from Ricky - the first man I had been with in my life - about my powers. About how much potential I held in my soul. The council had been convened to talk about me, which I detest! I wasn't even invited to meet them! They should at least meet me before coming up with a way to deal with me. They considered me a threat, and were planning to send enforcers to take me in to meet with them.

As she talked about the Council of Seven, I grew angry. Now, sorcerers can feed off any Sin, not just the one they were attuned for. It didn't do much, but it did something. We were wired differently than human beings. The Seven Deadly Sins were hard-coded into our DNA to react strongly. I hadn't felt the effects of that before, but now that I grew angry, and my magic tasted differently. It felt different; it wanted to do different things. It wanted to fight to protect Victoria, me, and my slave. The two I shared a connection with, emotional and physical. I felt my hand turn into a fist as she finished.

The two women were looking at me with frightened looks on their faces.

"A...Amellia?" Came a soft voice that I didn't recognize. It took me a moment to realize it was Victoria. The tone of her voice was scared. "Amellia... Calm down." She said softly, taking my face in her hand and kissing me.

"Interesting." Came the purr of my omnibus.

"S-Sorry..." I said into the silence that followed. My slave told me later what scared them so bad. My eyes had changed. The grey that they were used too spiked and glowed into a bright silver. Something neither of them had seen before. My omnibus even admitted she was about to turn tail and run. "Sorry... I'm... I'm okay." I told Vicky, kissing her softly on her lips. I turned my attention to my slave. "Is that all?"

She shook her head slowly, looking at me warily and taking a step back. She had told me before she was powerful in her realm. Feared by many, respected by more. Now she was cowering, pushing herself in the corner in case I turned on her. My heart dropped at the look on her face. "There is more, my mistress." She said in a respectful tone. She wasn't always respectful to her owner, but she was always playful, always trys to turn me on. "There is news from my realm as well."

Then she went on to explain that when a human enslaved a demon like her, while treating her with respect like I do (of course there are exceptions with the evil and undesirables) was cause for curiosity. She explained their form of government a little bit by saying how our version of democracy was taken from theirs. They too had selected and chosen officials. I blinked at that, forgetting my anger. I was expecting the ruler would be the most powerful. But no, it was the most popular, the most influential one. When you live forever, having only one leader for a thousand years caused problems. They had devised this type of government more than five thousand years ago, and had kept it since.

"We have selected an ambassador who wants to meet with you..." She said after talking. "I am to give you the summoning words, and you may summon him whenever you want. He was told that he was to answer your summons regardless of what he was doing." She smiled, becoming more relaxed. So, the humans wanted to control me, the demons wanted to meet me. There was something backwards about that. "Not just the demons either... The other Realms would like to meet you as well, though some of them want to kill you - the others want to know what's getting the demons all in an uproar."

She giggled at that, like there was some great joke there. Knowing what I know now... I should've asked. I would've heard as to why the other races were concerned with the demons. But I was stupid and blind all those years ago.

"One final thing Mistress." She said after a few minutes of nonsense chit-chat. "Before you summon our ambassador, I want to train you more in your use of magic." That surprised me. From what I had gathered at that point, it was hard for her to train me. Magic was all about thought. All about visualizing something you want done. She had given me her thought process on the creation of my cock a week ago. The intake of information was apparently hard to pull off, so since then as I asked for more complicated things - she said I would have to learn myself, only giving hints and vague guidelines. My brain processed differently than an ageless demon. So, her train of thought and mine were incompatible. 

"Okay, anything in particular? This is sudden coming from you." 

She nodded. "I want to train you how to fight. From what I can tell, gears are moving in the Universe, I can't see what they are moving towards, but I want you to be prepared My Mistress." There was something in her tone that made me look at her. I've only known her for a week, and I wasn't spending all my time with her like I was Victoria, so it was hard for me to read. I realized that it was concern, concern for my well-being. For someone like her, that was a big step. To create emotional attachment with a mortal and to feel that she wants me to be safe and protected, my heart leaped out to her. I wanted to hug her, to close the distance and bring her into my arms.

She smiled. Reading my thoughts. It was okay, I want her too.

"Of course... This week we can start?" The omnibus nodded, then bowed low towards me before disappearing. I really wanted to learn how to do that.
