 As always, thanks for reading this. And thank you to dont_miss_me for their editing work.

 Comments are always appreciated.

 Axle.

 ******

 It was widely known around campus now that Victoria and I were dating. Supposedly, someone from our school had seen us making out around town, holding hands, etcetera. Not that it was a big deal, it made things a lot easier after all because rumors made things hard. The Sunday after meeting with Lazuli, I had gone to tell my roommate that I was going to be living with Vicky for a while. My roommate confessed to me, out of the blue, that she had never been with a woman. I opened her mind to the experience, and then went on my merry way.

 That week was hard for me. Not only was the semester quickly approaching completion, that meant I had tests and more tests coming up. But my omnibus slave had insisted on starting my training as soon as possible. I also had the knowledge that the Council of Seven was already looking for me. Along with studying for that, then the pure exhaustiveness of training with the demoness, every night I was drained both mentally and physically (and not in the good way). Every night I crashed on Victoria's couch. I hadn't even been able to seduce random strangers (don't get me wrong, it was very scary to myself how easily I accepted that role so a break from it was welcomed). Not for lack of trying, but Victoria and I said we should stay away from those in college with us. Less drama.

 It was a Thursday now and classes were over. Victoria, my slave and I were miles away from our town in the middle of nowhere. We decided that the less people around, there was less chance of hurting an innocent bystander. I was panting, and I could feel my sweat plastering my tight white tank top to my chest. I was fairly certain that because of the sweat, the tank top was now see-through, but I didn't have much time to worry about it.

 The three of us were in a clearing in the middle of a forest, my slave had found it a few days ago, and we had been practicing there. I looked up at the demoness of lust and desire and groaned. She wasn't wearing a scantily clad outfit like normal. Instead she wore battle armor. The armor itself was form fitting, showing off her perfectly created curves. She had a sword in one hand, and a ball of fire in the other. Her hair was shorter than normal, just long enough to cover her ears and raven black to match the color of her armor. The chains that marked her as mine were entwined around the protection.

 "Woooh! Get her Amy!" I heard Victoria's voice from behind me, somewhere.

 I grunted as I held up a hand, wanting to catch my breath. The slave nodded and relaxed her position. Fighting with magic was hard. She was showing me two ways of fighting, with magic (obviously) and with the short-sword in my hand. The demoness warned me that a lot of sorcerers who would come after me were old, not to mention the demons and other creatures in the Outer-Realms. Learning both at the same time, mixing magic with swordplay, it was hard. By pure magic, I was stronger than the being in front of me. She was a candle against my raging inferno. But, as I was quickly finding out, power isn't everything – it was how you used that power.

 "Use your strengths, protect your weaknesses." My slave said as she swung her sword in a figure 8 before her. I nodded sarcastically. She's been saying that for days now. "Be ready."

 That was all the warning I received as the fire in her hand rushed towards me. If it hit, it would hurt, it wouldn't kill, but it would burn and maim. Luckily, my demoness of lust was a skilled healer. She's kept mundane humans alive for hundreds of years – she can heal burns she created.

 I held up one hand, knowing that water molecules were in the air around us. It's easier to change then than to create them. I forced those molecules to collide with each other. Using my will and power to bring them close. The air grew dry around me as I did, but in front of me was a wall of water. The fire hit it harmlessly, creating steam. 

 Which is what I wanted.

 I could hear my slave's feet on the soft ground, rushing at me, another fire ball hit my protection. Another. And another. More steam, more force of will to bring the water closer. As I was doing that, I also controlled the steam, moving it higher and higher out of sight of myself and my slave. 

 My beautiful pet pushed herself through my water barricade and slashed her sword at me. I brought mine up to block it. Ever held a sword that was being hit by another sword? It does a number on your arm. The vibrations from the metal hurt, and I nearly dropped the weapon. I held onto it, using my other hand to help push her blade back. She spun and swung again. Again I deflected it, but I was on the defensive and I needed to attack.

 "Don't get distracted!" She said, swinging her sword towards my head.

 My eyes narrowed at her as I brought that steam rushing down. It engulfed her. It was super-heated, the rising temperature was being stoked by my thoughts while she had attacked. The scream she let out was blood-curdling as she jumped away. I could feel her magic poke at my control, trying to force the steam away from her, but I held on. I put a steel-clad lock on the magic, my body completely still as we battled a different way.

 Eventually my power won out and she dropped her sword and I let the steam dissipate in the air. I was expecting someone horribly burned once the thick steam was gone, but there was my omnibus, in all her beautiful visage. "Nice thinking, mistress." She said smiling at me like a proud mother.

 "Thank you my pet" I said, breathing heavily as I stabbed the point of the sword into the ground and then fell backwards, exhausted. I could see Victoria's legs as she walked up to us too.

 "She got you good." Vicky's happy, bubbly, voice said above me as I closed my eyes. Fighting was difficult, and I wasn't a fan of it. It's not just the physical drain; it's the mental energy it takes out of you. There is more to fighting than just "punch them as hard as you can". You had to plan your attack, you had to plan for their attacks. You had to figure out how to defend, what you were going to do if they attacked different than what you expected. There were a lot of thought processes behind slugging it out with someone.

 "So, key for this lesson was a good defense could also be a good offense." She said and I opened my eyes. She was back in slinky attire. A skirt, with no underwear, that barely covered her ass, and a tube top that looked like it was about to break open. I could see her pussy, and it was wet.

 My omnibus smiled at me as she spread her legs a little more giving me eye candy as she talked. "You did well to do that, it was easier to control the steam and use it for yourself since you were already gathering the water droplets. I'll be honest, I thought you were going to force the water around me."

 "I thought of that." I said, one hand reaching up to rub at her perfect thighs. "But when I saw how much steam was produced, I figured I could super-heat that, then have you panic at it." She bent her knees, bringing her down low enough that I could press a finger against her clit.

 I felt Victoria on the ground next to me, somewhere near my waste, her own hand going to my thigh. "I see." My slave said softly, bending her knees more, pressing my finger against her harder. "Good thinking, it worked." I felt Victoria pulling at my jeans, unbuttoning them as I moved my finger around my slave's cunny.

 This was another ritual of ours after practice, the idea being to "refuel" our energy, or so we tell ourselves. Honestly, it was just plain fun. And, with two people throwing magic fueled by lust around, well – even if it was for battle, apparently, the lust inducing effects remain.

 "Grow it." I told my slave, looking her in the eyes as I felt Victoria's hands reach into my pants to pull out my cock, her fingers brushing against my own wet cunt. 

 My slave nodded as suddenly a penis, nine-inches the same size as mine, but thicker, grew at a point just above her clit. I continued to play, slipping a finger inside of her as it grew, watching it hungrily.

 "You two are fucking sexy." I heard Victoria said, turning my gaze from my slave to my soulmate. She had situated herself between my legs, her head close to my engorged erection, her hand sliding up and down the shaft slowly. "Do you think you could grow me one of these?" She asked, kissing the tip of my cock.

 "Possibly." Came the seductive tone of my omnibus as she put her feet to either side of my head, standing above me. "I could if my mistress commands it of me."

 "Well...?" suddenly asking Vicky who blinked, she eventually shook her head.

 "Not right now... I wouldn't want to have to ask your slave to remove every time I needed it gone... When you are comfortable with giving me one is when I'll do it." I nodded at that. She was still unsure about the demoness, a part of her still untrusting of her loyalty.

 She enjoyed the sex with us, but not the emotional connection. Which was fine. Two cocks and three cunts still made for a wild time.

 My slave lowered herself, her own erection slapping me gently on the face as she went to her knees. I ignored it for the moment, pushing her up by her waist so that her other sex was above my head. Leaning forward I ran my tongue along the length, tasting her arousal. At the same time, I felt my soulmate's tongue run along my shaft. The demoness let out a sigh of pleasure as I did. I could feel her tense up, wanting to grind herself against my exploring tongue, but she didn't have permission.

 We stayed that way, me working on the demoness, and my lover working on me for a few minutes. It was great. Our moans filled our private clearing as our lust built up. My tongue played inside of my slave as my hand stroked her erection. We didn't rush it, we didn't try to make the other cum quickly, we just did it for pleasure and for the act. So, we moved slowly. Me exploring the depths of the omnibus with my tongue, pushing in deep enough that my nose was pressed against her pleasure-buzzer. My mouth and cheeks liberally covered with her juices, and Victoria, exploring the length of my shaft. She was licking up it softly, flicking her tongue across my tip before letting me slide into her mouth. Her fingers exploring lower, pressing against my own clit, and pushing into me.

 It felt great. I was sad when I felt Victoria pull away, felt her tongue leave me. My position made it so I couldn't see what was going on. The soft ground made it impossible for me to feel that Vicky was straddling me. Lowering herself towards my crotch, I felt her fingers wrap around the base of my shaft suddenly, and the velvety inside of her encompassed me. I moaned against the folds of my slave as I felt Vicky. Again, I thought how perfect she was formed for me. Even with all the sex we've done since this all began, she was perfect for me. Just tight enough to give some resistance to me, to let me feel her muscles twitch and convulse to the pleasure I gave her. It was perfection.

 I looked up and saw Vicky's hands wrap around my Omnibus, grabbing her breasts as she moved her hips in circles with me inside. 

 "Gods, Amellia, did you get bigger?" she asked softly. I chuckled and stroked one last time on my slave's cock.

 "Pet... There's a hole of mine that needs filling." I said, my best seductive tone I could manage as I looked up at the demoness above me. She giggled but removed herself. Vicky's lips took the place as they smashed down into mine. She stayed still as we kissed, moaning into each other as every twitch I caused created a reaction from her. I pushed my hips against her as I felt hands grab me by the legs.

 "Damn, Victoria, you have a nice ass." I heard my omnibus say. Breaking the kiss Vicky turned her head over her shoulder and I assumed wink at her.

 "You like it? Maybe one day I'll let you watch as I take Amy inside of it." That caused me to blink, either it was just playful banter or seriousness, I wasn't sure. I couldn't see their faces.

 A second later, I didn't care as a thick, hot rod of pleasure pushed into my wet inviting opening. Now, I know you'll probably never be able to experience the sensations of stuffing a wet pussy, and having your own being stuffed at the same time. Unless you are like me, or meet someone like me who can give you what you need to have this happen – chances are slim – then it's an experience that would forever be unattainable.

 To put it simply, it was fucking heavenly. 

 I felt the warmth and tightness around my shaft as Victoria started to grind her hips again. I felt the tightness pushing on my blood-engorged tool, and the juices dripping down my shaft. It was enough to get anyone to the brink in a matter of seconds. To all of that, add in a part of you that wants to be filled, that wants to be stretched, and that wants to be stuffed that finally gets everything it wants and more. I moaned against the lips of my soulmate, pushing my cock as deep as I could. Pure power of will made it so I didn't orgasm. Though every inch of me wanted too, every inch of me told me to let loose, to paint the insides and milk the shaft inside.

 "Softly, pet, make it last." I said through clench teeth. I heard them both giggle. We've had sex enough times they could tell when I was losing my control. It was rather annoying.

 "Yes, demon, you go slow..." Vicky said, looking over her shoulder. "And I'll ride her hard."

 And then started the most interesting sensation we've had to date. Normally when we were in a threesome, it was all sex at all time. My slave had that effect on Vicky. A look from her and Vicky would cream herself. Victoria found ways around that, by not looking into the demoness' eyes. Her roughness usually made me want to go rough on the demon. When I felt that rod of lust slowly pull out of me, and slowly push in, it caused me to moan softly and long as she filled me. But then Vicky started to move, gone was the slow grinding, and back was the simple fucking.

 For anyone who knows, there's a difference between love-making and fucking. One is slow and sensual, wanting to feel everything, wanting to give everything, wanting to do what you can for the other person. Fucking is just that. It was crass as was the word is. There were typically no emotions to it despite how the two parties felt about each other. It was a carnal need and desire to get off.

 Both ways felt amazing in their own right. Now, imagine both of them at the same time, the slow sensual pleasure of lovemaking combined with the animalistic rutting of fucking. My mind went blank.

 Victoria lifted her chest off of me, pushing her back against the large breasts of my demon as she rode me like I was a fucking toy. Vicky's own DD cup breasts bouncing wildly, I don't remember when her clothes disappeared. Hell, I don't remember when my own disappeared now that I realized all of us were naked. My slave continued to move slowly, her hands wrapping around Vicky's stomach as she moved, her mouth pressing against my lover's neck as she kissed, licked, and bit her. 

 The sight of the demoness and the human was enticing, and I watched as Vicky's moans started to grow louder and louder, her hips moving harder and harder as she smacked down onto me. The rod still went slow, achingly slow now. My mind was a mix of wanting to go slow and wanting to go hard. The pleasure I felt making it so I couldn't voice what I wanted, I could only moan like a bitch in heat.

 "F-Fuck, Amellia." Vicky cried out as my slave's hands went down and up from her stomach; one going to press hard against Vicky's clit, the other to her breasts groping the flesh and pinching the nipple. "Don't cum, love." She said between her loud moans. She rode harder and harder, before finally slamming her cunt down hard against my crotch. I felt her walls tighten and an excess of juices rushing against my shaft and a cry of ecstasy coming from her lips as she climaxed. 

 The pleasure was immense, and my teeth were hurting from trying not to join her in climax. The slow steading thrusting of my slave wasn't helping. I tried to will her to stop, to catch my breath, to clear my head – but she didn't. Apparently my subconscious could overrule my conscious thought when it came to commands of my omnibus.

 "Gods that was hot." Vicky's voice came what seemed an eternity later. I felt her slide off of my shaft, my demon still pushing into me slowly. "Don't cum yet, my love." She said again as she changed her position. Her knees going to either side of my head a she bent down. I could feel the heat radiating from her, some of her juices dripping down to my opened waiting mouth.

 I didn't have to wait long before she pushed herself down on me, and I went to town. Licking and sucking, using my hand to probe her puckered hole while my tongue forced its way into her wet one. I felt a familiar soft hand grip my soaked shaft and started to stroke.

 "Now, demon..." Came Vicky's voice, a mile away to me, as I tasted her with the slow steady thrusting. "Fuck her hard, but don't cum in her, if you please. Get her to a point where she's losing her mind."

 Then my world went upside down. That slow steady throbbing inside of me turned into a fucking drum-solo. Pounding away at my wet snatch with abandon like the rutting of animals. The moans of Victoria turned into the moans of a demoness. Different in their sounds, but the meaning was the same. Deep down they both loved the feelings I could give them. Vicky was obvious as to why, though I still couldn't imagine why my slave was like this around me. She was a demoness with hundreds of slaves in her personal harem – after all.

 I cried out against Vicky's dripping folds at the pleasure, forgetting what I was doing as I focused on what was being done to me. The pounding at my entrance was then enhanced by the familiarity of a mouth around my shaft. I bucked up into that mouth, unable to control my body as my omnibus went to town.

 "Shit... She's so good... My mistress." I heard the demoness slave say as she rutted into me. "Her mind is blank." She said, I assumed to Vicky.

 "Good, pull out." Came Vicky's voice. I couldn't see what happened, but I heard the demon say something in a language I couldn't understand. The familiar muffled moan of my lover, and then heavy breathing. 

 Victoria moved from her position, swinging her legs above my head and turning so that I was staring at her face. Her mouth was closed, and her cheeks puffed like she was holding something in her mouth.

 "Open wide, my mistress." Came the slave's amused tone as I then felt her mouth around my shaft. Her technique was different than Vicky's. She used her long experience to pleasure me and it felt amazing. I preferred Vicky's hungriness though. 

 I did as was requested, opening my mouth and sticking my tongue out. Vicky smiled as she opened hers, and a thick white substance dribbled slowly out of her lips and onto mine. My omnibus' taste was not like other men, as was mine. It wasn't that salty flavor, it was sweet, like icing on a cake – only not. I moaned softly as it covered my lips and tongue, some of the hotness dribbling onto my cheek. And then Vicky kissed me, forcing the rest of the tasty stuff into my mouth with her tongue. I swallowed it.

 "Good girl." Vicky said softly breaking the kiss. "Now... Cum for me." She said, her hand slapping playfully on my breast. That was all I needed.

 The omnibus was my slave, but I (with mutual agreement) was Vicky's slave in the bedroom. Her command was something I had grown to crave when I was with her. I groaned out as her hand hit me, and pushed my hips against the chin of the demon and released. My climax was hard and heavy, after holding it back for so long. I heard my demon gag on the intake of my seed, then felt her pull back while I was still cumming. That's never happened before, her not getting the full of me. As she pulled out I felt my warmth land on my stomach and breasts, my cock twitching wildly.
