 She always started her stories with 'it was a dark and stormy night' as a kid, and to this day her mother still loves to tease her about it. She first told her 'dark and stormy night' story when she was 6 year old, riding in the back of her grandparent's vehicle; 18 years later the Afton sat in the driver's seat of her grandparent's car thinking about that story while she drove down the rain soaked highway. She was taking her grandmother to the hospital for the ump-tenth time since she'd moved home and was not really looking forward to the next couple of hours while her 'Mimi' met with her doctor yet again. Thankfully, she had remember to bring her book and her music, happy would not have to stare at the space waiting room walls while hoping someone interesting to watch walked through the room. After her Mimi was taken back Afton settled in to a terribly uncomfortable waiting room chair, popped her head phones in, turned on her iPod, and cracked her book. 

It was another of her smutty books, and she loved them dearly. She couldn't remember when she'd fallen in love with that type of book, maybe when she had gotten the job at the YMCA 7 years ago, but ever since she'd sought out numerous titles with the same underlying themes: Vampires, Wears, and Sex. This one started out dark and steamy, and within minutes she was already immersed and had almost completely forgotten she was sitting in a hospital waiting room. Her favorite character, Zane, a vampire from Ireland, had just broken the news of what he was to his love after some steamy sex and was explaining himself while Isa, a wear-leopard, was busy sucking the dick of her boy toy Finn, another wear-leopard in the next room when Afton was shocked out of the almost trance like state the book had her in when her Mimi touched her shoulder. Amazed that two hours had go so quickly she glanced at the book to see how far she'd read. Damn, almost halfway through, she thought as she closed it, tossed it in her purse and followed her slow moving grandmother out of the waiting room and to the car. 

It was a thirty minute drive from the hospital to home, and Afton was once again in the driver's seat with her mind straying as her grandmother slept in the front seat. Her thoughts went not to her 'dark and stormy night' past but fixated on her planned evening with friends. Afton and two of her girl friends had planned on going dancing that evening, after going out for some 'classy' dinner and getting trashed at one of their apartments. Surprisingly, Afton found herself excited about this evening, though it would usually repulse her; she had recently ended things with her boyfriend of just over two years and needed the...well she wasn't actually sure what she needed from the planned night, but it felt right, and so she remained excited. These thoughts kept her occupied as she drove home. 

At 3:30 pm Afton dropped her grandmother off at her house, switched back to her car and drove the short drive back home. Once home she made a beeline for the bathroom, locked the door, and turned on the shower. Hoping her mid-day shower would ensure her plenty of hot water, she stripped naked and looked at her chubby form in the mirror. She knew she had a pretty face and some large, nice boobs but beyond that she didn't like what she saw. She'd always been a heavy girl and was slowly trying to be less so, but the progress was slow and, even though she'd lost 40 pounds, she didn't see a change. She sucked in her tummy and took one last glance as she stepped toward the waiting steamy shower. Blessedly the water was hot, like she liked it, and she grabbed her razor and shaved her legs and nether regions until they were smooth and hairless. Pleased with that she washed her hair, washed herself, and stepped out of the shower refreshed. Shocked by the cold air of the bathroom Afton's nipples hardened and she couldn't resist giving them a little rub. She hated that she liked doing that, but found herself doing it anyway and enjoying it. Looking at the clock radio hung on the wall in the bathroom she was surprised to see that she'd managed to take a 30 minute shower and hurriedly dried off and wrapped herself in the towel so she could get to work on the tangled mane that was her hair. 

Her hair was still dripping wet and after being rubbed with the towel looked like something the members of Flock of Seagulls would have envied. She laughed at her reflection while reaching for her brush. A moments work later and her, black looking, hair was pin straight reaching to just below her shoulders. She fixed her bangs so they were off to the side some and not poking her in the eye. Hoping the hour and a half she had until she met her friends would be enough, she decided to let it air dry. Still wrapped in her towel she walked back to her room to being the lengthy task of choosing what to wear. She'd never gone to the club her friend Sam had chosen, and didn't really know what kind of crowd to expect so she decided to just stick with simply sexy clothes and went about gathering the various garments that fit the theme. After donning her favorite lacy undies, matching bra and her 'nice ass' jeans, she began the arduous task of picking a shirt. 20 shirts later she decided on the oriental looking shirt her mother had given her for Christmas. It was lavender with beaded designs all over it and showed off her hefty ta-ta's nicely, but not in a trashy way. Pleased with her choice she moved back to the bathroom and finished getting ready; she had gotten her mostly dry hair brushed straight again when Sam and Beth walked in (she had unlocked the door earlier anticipating her friends arrival). 

As usual the girls looked perfect in their outfits. They were both much most accustomed to the club scene and each had on a pair of fuck me heels, skin tight pants, and a fantastically flattering shirt. Afton couldn't resist welcoming them in the 'nicest' possible fashion: 

"I hate you, you skinny bitches," she said as she closed the door behind them and went to locate her own pair of frighteningly high heels. People seemed to think that she couldn't walk in heels; so naturally, Afton loved to wear her high, high heels and watch in amusement as she proved them wrong. 

The girls followed her back to her room laughing and saying 'Hi' in unison. Once Afton had her feet tucked in the shiny black heels, the girls made their way out to Sam's car and were off to their first stop of the evening, dinner at a local Thai restaurant. The place was probably the size of a large walk-in closet, seating maybe 20, with an open kitchen but they girls loved it and their Pad Thai was fantastic. They had a long dinner, chatting about all sorts of things and teasing one another about what they planned to do later that evening at the club. After dinner they went to Sam's apartment and the liquid courage started flowing. By 9 that evening the three of them had managed to make a bottle of Captain Morgan disappear and they were finishing up a batch of Margaritas Sam had decided to make. Already well on their way to being completely trashed all three girls put the finishing touches on their make-up, and met Zach at his car; poor boy had agreed to d.d. for them that night. They all got in the car and sped off in the storm to the club. 

Lightening streaked the sky as they arrived at Grenade about 15 minutes after it had opened. The thunder boomed and the rain came in sheets Thankfully, thought he club was already pretty full, there was no line and they were all four ushered in without issue. After each of them had a drink in hand, Zach had a coke while the girls had various mixed drinks, they headed toward the dance floor; being ever the ladies man, Zach immediately had his attention caught by a hot blonde and was off in a flash to work is 'magic', as he called it, on her. The girls, being sadly stereotypical in this situation, opted to dance in a little circle, giggling at each other as they each other as they occasionally tossed in a goofy dance move. Afton was in her final crunching motion of the 'sprinkler' move when she spotted a group of gorgeous men staring their way. Completely embarrassed, Afton dropped her arm and, red faced, went back to moving conventionally along with the beat. The girls were still giggling when the men approached their little group; now all three of them were blushing with embarrassment, but they continued moving to the beat as the guys each picked one of the girls and began dancing with them. 

As they danced Afton looked at her friends new dance partners and was delighted to find that, though they were easy on the eyes from across the room, they were drop dead gorgeous up close. She was hoping that her partner was just as nice looking and she chanced a turn that put her face to face with the man behind her. She was astonished, not only was he every bit as lovely as the other men, he was better. His beauty was almost otherworldly; he had a face that was both strong and soft at the same time, beautiful lips smiling over perfect teeth, light teal colored eyes that positively sparkled as the club lights danced over him, a lovely nose and it was all framed by his long, curly, brown and gold hair. Afton nearly froze to the spot when their eyes met, the only thing keeping her moving were the hands that had suddenly appeared on her hips, gently pulling her to him and moving her from side to side. She stood mesmerized like that for a good minute or two until he smiled wider and laughed a little; the sound a deep rumble in his chest. With his laugh the song ended and they stopped moving briefly, long enough for her to ask his name. 

"My name is Zane, "he said with a smirk. Afton's eyes grew wider and she remained unmoving though the music had started again. Zane's face was suddenly concerned and he asked: "Are you ok? Is there something wrong?"

His voice breaking her sudden brain freeze she stuttered out: "N n n no, sorry. I'm ok. I just...I love that name and it's the name of one of my favorite characters in a book series that I read. It's a beautiful name, sorry." 

He hugged her close to him and laughed. "Well I'm glad you like my name, I was worried I had done something to scare you away. Now that you know my name, why don' you tell me yours?"

"Oh! Where are my manners! I'm sorry again. My name is Afton and the girls your friends are, well...ah, grinding on, are Sam and Beth". Afton was still a little shocked as she started swaying with Zane again. She had not realized it until he had said his name that he looked exactly like the man she pictured as the character Zane as she read her books, even the eyes were right. It frightened her a little, but also excited her. She had fantasized about her mind's version of Zane since she had read the first book in the series and often fell asleep thinking of what they could do together. Could her dreams be coming true?

Half listening she heard Zane introduce his friends as Finn and Les. The name Finn throwing Afton for another loop, but this time she was able to remain composed and moving in her fantasy man's arms. She nodded her 'hello's' to the men practically dance fucking her friends and turned back to her dance partner. Their stares locked again and she felt as if he was drinking her in with his eyes. She felt him move against her, still moving to the music, but beginning to grind on her more as the music changed tempo. She suddenly found herself in a similar position as her friends and, being the shy one of group, was embarrassed; in an effort to loosen up to follow his movements she gulped down her half full drink and waiting for it to take effect. His face was right next to hers before she could process the movement and he asked what she was drinking. She replied "Captain and Coke". She found suddenly alone, annoyed she straightened up and looked around her, annoyed. Her friends were still dancing in a fashion that I had to wonder at its legality with Zane's friends. The four of them didn't seem to take notice of her standing their alone and this just annoyed her more; she hated being alone on the dance floor, so she started to make her way to the bathroom to check her make-up and catch a breather from the uncharacteristic amount of dancing she'd been doing. Halfway there her arm was grabbed and she was spun around to once again face the man of her dreams. 

"Where do you think you're going sexy?" he said, practically yelling to be heard over the music. He was carrying a large drink in his hand, and he handed it to her. She accepted it and bringing it to her lips caught the familiar smell of Capitan and she took a hearty swallow of her liquid courage; she sensed she'd need it as the man watched her intently as she drank. Seeming to sense that she desired a break from the dancing Zane led her off to a booth near the dance floor. Afton was glad for the chance to sit for a while, more so that he'd chosen a seat where she could see her friends. What she didn't immediately notice was that it was one of the circular booths and as she scooted she realized that the two of them were about to meet in the middle. She stopped just short of touching him and he seemed dismayed but stopped moving as well. That sat in silence, just watching their friends gyrate around the dance floor, until he finally broken the quite between them. 

"So what are these books that you like reading so much?" Her eyes snapped up in surprise, not expecting him to speak, and she caught the mischievous and almost knowing smile creeping across his face. She reddened at the thought of having to admit to it, but couldn't help it as she blurted out: 

"It's the series called Seduced by Night; I've been reading them for years. I think the one I'm reading is the 20th that's been put out". Embarrassed by what she'd just let slip from her mouth she performed a perfect face-palm and spoke again. "I can't believe I just said that. You probably think I'm some crazy, desperate girl who's obsessed with weird-o sci-fi stuff. I could have told you anything, but I couldn't help myself. Damn. So. Embarrassed!"

Zane chuckled and shook his head at her admission and the embarrassed rambling that followed. Completely mortified, Afton began scooting out of the booth, still mumbling sorry's. Much to her surprise Zane pulled her back toward him and this time didn't leave space between them. She just looked up at him, her mortification still showing clearly on her face – eyes almost screaming the apologies and embarrassment. As their eyes met yet again she no longer felt stupid about her admission, but was surprised to find herself feeling a strong urge to close the distance between their lips. For the second time since they'd met that evening her eyes pulled a deer in headlights, but she didn't look away. As if reading her mind, he closed the distance himself, and as their lips met she felt herself take a breath she didn't realize she was holding, and melted into his arms and the kiss. 

The kiss continued for what seemed like forever to Afton, and she was the one to break it, needing to breathe. She sat back, she had lifted herself up some so that they each had better leverage for the kiss, and caught her breath. Zane was looking at her with hungry looking eyes and a grin that nearly had her back in his lap, the only think keeping her seated was her need to slow her breathing. His eyes traveled over her as she watched him and tried to calm her heartbeat. She finally had herself back to almost normal and decided to check up on her friends, they were still on the dance floor with Finn and Les; comforted a little she finished the drinking in front of her and looked back to Zane. He was still looking at her, though it had changed from a hungry to a smoldering curiosity; between the look he was giving her and the overall look of him in front of her Afton was suddenly happy she had opted for underwear tonight, otherwise she would be in danger of looking like she peed her pants, he made her so wet. Afton couldn't help herself any longer and lunged at him stealing another kiss, which he seemed more than happy to accept as he nudged her lips apart to allow his tongue in. 

Afton was lost to the world as the kiss deepened and his hands roamed. By the time she came up for air he had one hand cupping her jean clad ass while the other prepared to tweak her left nipple through shirt and bra. Normally this situation would have caused her to stop dead and likely stop anything else from happening, but she wanted what was happening and her mind was clouded with alcohol and lust for the man pinching her tit. Seeming to notice Afton's resignation to what he was doing, he dipped his head toward her and pulled her into another kiss. As they continued she completely gave in to Zane. She felt his hand on her ass move and slowly snake inside her jeans and begin massaging her ass skin to skin, and it pulled her deeper in to the ecstasy that was building up. 

They were moving, she could feel his hips shifting underneath her as he scooted out of the booth, and suddenly her feet hit the floor. For a moment Afton thought they were heading back to the dance floor and looked that way only to see her friends no longer where they were. Beginning to lose the buzz from the booth make-out session, Afton searched the crowd for her friends. She spotted them and Zane's friends walking toward them. Relieved, she melted back onto Zane, who was now leading her willing self toward his friends and a door near the back of the club. The six of them met up and, without saying anything, moved to the door; all of the girls were too far gone with their guys to even notice the others around them as the men moved them fluidly through the now enormous crowd. The door closed behind them and the sounds of the club were muted. They were in a hallway with five doors, all of which were open. Finn and Les led took Sam and Beth and separated in to two of the open rooms and shut the doors behind them. Instead of going into the open door across from the two, now, occupied rooms Zane led Afton down the hallway to the closed door and pulled out a ring of keys. She looked up at him, a little surprise showing in her hooded eyes, as he opened the door and let her into a large room. 

Once in the room Afton looked around and noticed that the walls were painted a beautiful red, there was a large desk with a variety of papers scattered about, a squishy and large couch, and a couple of pairs of hand cuffs sitting on the floor near the couch. Just as she noticed there were no windows Zane grabbed her by the waist and pulled her into another kiss. The initial shock of the kiss wore off and she opened her eyes and found herself staring into his beautiful eyes yet again, they continued kissing but she couldn't seem to look away or close her eyes. One hand was holding her in place now, as his other hand roamed about her body grabbing, massaging, and pinching in places that made her grind against him and occasionally moan. Still she was staring at him as she felt herself losing all her inhibitions and giving in to the feeling of him touching her with his cool hands and kissing her deeply. He didn't stop kissing her as his free hand lifted her shirt over her head and unclasped her bra exposing her lovely breasts. Feeling suddenly self conscious, Afton broke the kiss and went to cover herself up. Zane stopped her.

"You are beautiful Afton. You're body is wonderful, and I'm going to explore all of it, and you're going to love it." Staring, still, into his eyes she relaxed again and let him move her arms to cross around his neck. Instead of resuming the broken kiss he lowered himself further and took her nipple into his mouth, sucking and nipping it until she moaned loudly. He moved to the other nipple and did the same while moving his hands to the button and zipper of her jeans. Ever so slowly he undid her pants and kissed his way down to her mound...lowering lowering her pants as he went. Afton threw her head back and let out another moan. 
