 Once more, big thanks to Lady_Sith for her editing work. And thank you all for reading.

Axle.

******

Come Saturday, my birthday, I was exhausted. After working both Thursday and Friday after my first day, I didn't want to do anything. It was fun, and filling, working at the club. The lust that filled that place daily was... well it was delicious. I was sore and exhausted for more reasons than just the dancing portion of my job. 

Victoria had something planned for today... and if I believed her, many a something. I wanted to sleep, but I had a feeling of something poking at one of my breasts. Groaning softly, I opened my eyes, only to see my lover over me, one hand on my bare tit the other on her hip. She was naked, her large breasts taking up most of my vision. 

"Good morning, my love. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!" She screamed out, leaning forward and pressing her lips against mine. She kissed me hard, passionately her lips parting and tongue pushing into my mouth. I moaned instinctually to being woken up this way, my body arching against nothing before she broke the kiss.

"Mmmornin'." I said lazily, looking over my lover's curvy body. The nipples on her DD-cup breasts were already hard. I felt my own nipple get pinched and I gasped out.

"So, the plan for today!" She said happily, her hand slipping lower my body. "Grow it for me, love." She purred as she leaned forward, those large wonderful breasts pressed against my own. I knew what she wanted, my mind going through the processes before I felt more at my crotch. It started as a simple bump, but almost instantaneous grew into a nine-inch thick cock, my lover's hands gripping it as soon as it was done. "Mmmn... That's better."

Her hand moved up and down my shaft fast, her lips brushing against my ear. "I have a surprise for you."

"Mmmn? More than a wake-up-call?" I asked giggling softly.

"Yup!" Victoria removed her hand and scooted away from me to the edge of the bed. "I've been working on it, and I think I've figured it out. It takes a lot of power from me to do, and I wouldn't have been able to before I had met you." She spoke as she closed her eyes. I could see her thoughts going through her eyelids as she focused.

Sometimes I forgot that Victoria was a sorceress as well. She pulled her powers from a different Sin than I do, mine being Lust, Victoria's being Envy. She never overused her powers like I tended to do, my pool of magic being vastly larger than hers. If we needed magic, I was the one to do it.

She gasped suddenly, her hand going to her crotch. I remember the first time I grew a cock; it was orgasmic - literally. It also aroused Victoria to the point where she almost jumped me. I remember so vividly how that felt; your senses going crazy as you grew new ones, the amount of arousal slipping through your body enough to make you lose your mind. Remembering all that, I helped my lover out just a bit.

Leaning forward I pressed my lips against her clit, eliciting a gasp of surprise and then fingers in my black hair. Licking and sucking along her lower lips, I could feel her member growing just above my forehead. The hot flesh pushing againsy me as it gained length and thickness, I couldn't see it well enough to know for sure, but from the weight it had on me, it was large.

Sliding my tongue inside her opening, I felt waves of lust flowing over her body. They were enough to send spikes of pleasure through me. "F-Fuck, Amellia. Y-You never told me it felt so good..." Vicky's words gasped out above me. "I-I'm close... I t-think." She said grunting as she grinded her snatch against my face, her large member. I could sense how close she was, so I did the only thing I could... I stopped. 

Giggling I leaned back. "H-Hey!" Came her voice, one of disappointment. Looking up at her I winked before taking my eyes lower. Her cock was long but not quite as long as Cole's or mine. But it was much thicker than either one of them.

"Holy fuck..." I said in a whisper as I leaned forward. This beast was VERY thick and I was worried about my poor jaw as I pushed my face in. 

"Heh... Like it? I... I don't think it's done... I can still feel my magic rooting around inside..."

I nodded at Vicki. Magically speaking, growing the outside was easy. It was making it real enough to spurt out semem once orgasms hit that was the bitch. Opening my mouth as wide as I could make it, I wrapped my lips around the head of her cock and pushed my head forward. The muscles in my jaw stretched to their limit as I took her in. I was hearing sharp gasps and moans from my lover above me. Normally, I'd look up at the person while doing this. I liked to see their reaction, and just to push them over the edge with a smokey glance. I didn't have that option with Victoria's thick shaft; I had to do it just right in order to push it in my welcoming mouth.

"F-Fuck this feels good..." Vicky said as she grabbed my hair with one hand, and tried to force me to take more of her. The extra push helped my lips slide down her shaft. "A-Amy... I think... I think I'm cumming... Oh god this feels so different!" Victoria moaned as her member twitched in my mouth. I looked up at her, my mocking gaze saying "already?" as I felt the familiar taste of hot cum filling my mouth and throat. I swallowed deeply trying to take it all in.

Normally, I'd let that be it with any man I was with. I'd remove my mouth, say something sexy, then move on. Or I might consider letting them have go at me. I intimately knew magicked cocks though. So I continued to suck, bobbing my head as much as I could on her thick meat. You see, a single orgasm wasn't enough to satisfy them; they needed more. And I was planning on giving her oh-so-much more.

I couldn't take the entire beast in my mouth because it was just too damn thick. From what I could tell it was just above seven inches long, and I had about five of those seven in my slobbering mouth. My hand moving up to grip the other two, fingers unable to fully wrap around the shaft. I could hear Victoria mumbling and moaning above me, her hand combing through and pulling on my hair when I hit a particular sensitive spot. She tried speaking, but I couldn't understand a single word.

Knowing what she was feeling, I understood. You've never felt such pleasure as you do from brand new nerve endings (at least not that you can remember). This is a whole new appendage that was made for one reason, to send pleasure spikes to your thoughts. It was memorable; I'm actually very surprised she hadn't orgasmed again.

I continued my ministrations, sucking hard and bobbing my head qucikly, my hand stroking the slippery surface behind my lips. "F-Fuck! I... I'm cumming again... I want to see... I want to see it cum..." Victoria finally said coherently. I completely understood how she felt, so I pulled back, my lips leaving her thick shaft my hand stroking it quickly as I looked up at her. 

Her beautiful face was lost in bliss as her head tilted back, eyes closed. Her hands pushed into her large breasts as spittle dripped from the corner of her lips. Those same puffy lips were moving as if she was saying something, but it was inaudible besides her gasps of pleasure. "I-It's coming..." She managed to scream out as thick ropes of white goodness bursted from the head, I opened my mouth as it started, aiming her to my opening.

Her body convulsed as she came. The gooey substance that shot out of her was much like her cock, thicker than usual, it almost reminded me of jello. It hit me in my face first, covering my cheek and my forehead, before finally landing on my tongue. I couldn't really taste it before, but the taste was different too. My Pet's and mine was sweet, but her cum tasted more like mixed-fruit. 

Her orgasm winded down after a minute, though her shaft remained hard and twitching in my hands. "Oh gods... Why didn't I want this before?" She groaned out as she leaned forward, running a tongue along my cheek to taste herself. "Mmmn... God I taste good." She said gigggling before kissing me. "Like your birthday present?"

"Very much so... But I think I want to play with it some more." I said, leaning away from her and turning, so that my firm tush was pointing at her. It didn't take her long to take the hint. 

"I've used strap-ons with you before, love." She said as her hands caressed my hips, that thick tool pushing against my dripping opening. "I've never felt more excited about slipping something into you than I do right now."

I giggled, looking over my shoulder to catch her simply admiring me. I pushed my hips back, pressing my waiting cunt against her. "Then slip something into me, Vicky." I moaned out. "It's my birthday, I think I should be able to call the shots today."

"Yes..." She said after a minute before pushing into me. It spread me, almost to the point of pain. The lust pouring out of her as she moaned out was more than enough for me to ignore how much she was stretching me. She moved slowly, as I did my first time, wanting to feel every inch. I appreciated that.

She was thick enough that I could feel every vein and bump on her shaft as she slid in. My walls were being forced to spread apart for her. "Sh-Shit, babe... You're gonna rip me in two." I gasped out as she continued to slowly push in.

Her hands gripped my hips tightly as she leaned forward, her breasts pushing against my back as her hot breath hit my ear. "G-Good..." She simply said as she forced the rest of her inside me. It was almost too much. My back arched as I cried out in orgasmic pleasure. I could feel my own member bouncing wildly below me as I dirtied up the bed beneath it. I came, and I came so hard that I felt my walls tighten even more around the shaft inside of me. Vicky was joining me in my cries as her thick cum filled me. "F-Fuck." Vicky said as she leaned against my back, her body shaking. "P-Please d-don't tell me I-I'll always be a-a one-pump wonder." She said chuckling softly.

"New nerves..." I told her, my own breath having trouble coming back as I wiggled against the intruder. "Y-You'll get u-used to them."

"Good... Oh, someone else wanted to wish you a happy birthday." She said, kissing my neck. "Come on out, demon."

I was about to question her words, but before I could, the most beautiful being I've ever seen simply appeared infront of me. Perfection, she had her legs spread before me, her nine-inch shaft hard and twitching only a few inches from my lips, her pussy dripping with arousal. My omnibus, my Pet, the first slave I've ever enslaved, was naked.

Not wanting to wait for greetings, I opened my mouth and engulfed her. The look of surprise on her face was enough for me. "Oh, Mistress... SOOOO nice to see you too." The perfect being said as one of her hands grabbed her large breast. My eyes flicked up at her as I sucked. I felt Vicky start moving behind me. Her thick rod was pulling out of me slowly only to be slid back in harder.

I tried to moan at that and cry out again as another orgasm tore through my body, but I had nine-inches of demon-meat in my mouth. So I focused on that. Bobbing my head up and down it quickly, I was trained enough I could take her completely. I had always thought she was big, but after trying to swallow Vicky's member, it was entirely too easy. 

To the demons credit, she didn't talk or try to tease us. Well, either her credit, or the fact she was reading my surface thoughts. Those thoughts were only on the two people inside of me at the moment. The two people I care more about than anyone else in my life. Instead we enjoyed ourselves, Vicky moving in and out slowly, me moving up and down quickly.

Needless to say that we didn't last long, and it was all my fault. I was pouring out lust into both of them, increasing their pleasure ten-fold. Something that at the time, I never realized I did. Pouring out my magic into those I was in bed with, depending on how good I felt. Now I use it for myself all the time.

The three of us, quickly, came back to back to back. Victoria was first, her too-thick semen filling me even more. I could feel the hot substance slipping out of me as she countinued to move in and out. My Pet was next, her sweet tasting cum filling my mouth, with me swallowing every drop of it. It was too much for me, and I came probably the fifth time that morning, my cock and pussy twitching as I did so. The pool on the bed below me was growing even bigger. 

"I..." I started, removing myself from my omnibus' member. "I'm not... Cleaning this up..." I said, followed by a fit of giggles from behind me.

The rest of the morning was similar, but different because we switched positions. Oh so many positions. I forced my Pet to take Vicky's extremly thick shaft up her rear, figuring she'd be able to handle the stretching better than me. We double-teamed Victoria, and then double-teamed the demon. I was double teamed a few times also. Each time we were reenergized by my magic, or as a gift from my demon. Losing track of time like that was a great way to spend one's birthday, wild, lust enduced, pleasure giving way. 

"Mistress." Cole's rough voice said from the doorway, and I looked up. I hadn't even thought about him sleeping on our couch during all this, and then I looked down at the three of us. To be honest, I wasn't sure who was in who, what was doing what. We looked like a mess of legs, feet, penises, and mouths just thrown together. We were dirty, covered almost from head to toe in thick semen, more of it dripping out of our stretched holes.

"Ah.. Mmm... Dog... How long have you been there?" I asked as I looked over him, I felt someone tugging on my cock, couldn't be sure who but it felt like my demon.

My human slave was naked, and his eight inch erection extended what looked like painfully from his crotch. "Long enough to enjoy the show, my Mistress." Was all he said, a wicked little smile on his not-so-handsome face.

Gasping I felt a tongue on my hardness, and another in my snatch. The one on my shaft was hungry, slurping away greedily, Vicky then. "Oooo... Mmm, so good... An-And, why in-inturrupt me?"

His scarred face blushed slightly as he bowed his head. "The phone has been ringing, I answered it, Simon was on the other end."

I looked up at that. Simon held the Seat of Lust on the council. He was a Very Important Person, an ally, and my boss - technically. "And?"

"He has news about the Council meeting."

I bucked my hips forward into the mouth my cock was embedded in, while trying to grind my cunt on the tongue pushing into me at the same time. "Ah! I-I'll ca-call him back..."

To answer me, my Dog held up my cell-phone. "No need, he told me he'd wait."

"Son of a bitch!!" I growled as I held my hand out towards Cole. He dutifully moved forward, placing the cell in my hand. "Simon! You are inturrupting a very pleasant birthday, you know." I growled into the phone as the two women worked on me.

"Amellia." Came his greeting. He had the voice that'd make a nun wet herself. All smooth and deep, it rumbled in my very core - even through the earpierce. "You wanted to know when the meeting was, remember?"

I nodded, not realizing he couldn't see me, but also not wanting to try speaking. When I opened my mouth to answer, it came out a moan. "Y-Yesssss."

Chuckling came from the other line. "Anyways, they pulled a fast one on myself. The meeting is today, in New York City. If I had known, I would've gotten you a flight."

"I'll be there... Tell my Pet the address and any other information I might need." I was proud of myself for that. Hardly any moaning happened.

"I don't think you under-" I didn't let him finish as I handed the phone back to my Dog. He bowed his head, took one look at the three of us, and then left the room talking into the reciever.

"C-Cumming!" I moaned out right before I exploded. Vicky moved herself, letting my essense cover her already dirtied face, my omnibus under me sucking away at my escaping fem-juice. "Sh-Shit... Good, so good." I moaned out as I felt my knees buckle underneath me. "Sorry, lovers, planning to do now."

An hour later, a after a quick shower... I've forgotten how long it's been since I've had a real shower, I've been using magic mostly. The hot water was very nice and after that the four of us were sitting aroudn the living room stratagizing. Victoria and me were on the couch, lounging with Vicky between my legs, her head nuzzled against my crotch. My two slaves had pulled up kitchen chairs infront of us.

My Pet was watching Vicky with interest. "I think you put too much lust in her, mistress." She said grinning as I felt a finger probing one of my entrances, and then a second probing the other. 

I gasped as I looked down at Vicky, her lips kissing on my thighs as she pushed those fingers into me, causing me to moan. "F-Fuck, Vicky... Seriousness right now, love."

She laughed as she looked up at me. "I know, I know... But I can't help myself. Can't you do both?" She said smiling at me, I couldn't help but smile back as she slid them deeper into me.

"Mmmn... So... Meeting in an hour, across the country... Option?"

"Teleport there, Amy?" Vicky said wiggling her fingers in me. I tried... I really tried to ignore them, maybe not as hard as I should have.

"Can I? I've never been there before." I asked, looking towards my Pet. She nodded, licking her lips as she watched Vicky play with me.

"Have that man send you a picture of it. You know the general direction, you'll be able to do it."

Nodding, I took a second to enjoy the playing, gasping softly before continuing. Moving my gaze to my Dog I nodded to him. "You are next. What can we expect?"

He was looking at us with interest too, his hand twitching to his hard member, though he knew better than to touch it. I was stricter with him than with the omnibus. But it made him angry, and that helped him grow his powers. "More of me on the outside, once the meeting starts, the Enforcers leave the councilmembers. But the members are all extremely powerful and have experience. They won't be pushovers." He licked his lips hungrily as he watched us. I'll have to let him have his fun soon.

"Okay... So seven men and women who are on par with Simon." I gasped as another finger entered my rear, pushing down on them. "O-Okay... So we pop in when the meeting starts, and talk? Or should we go with intimidation?"

All three of them seem to think on that question, even Vicky whose fingers slowed down.

"I'm always a fan of intimidation, mistress." My Pet said first. "Hit them fast and hard, take them down off their pedestals and you'll be on even footing."

"I thought you wanted peace, love?" Vicky said when she was done.

"They would respect of show of force at first..." Cole said.

And then they argued, each going with their own viewpoint. Vicky was purely for peace, the demon purely for intimidation, Cole flip-flopped. I listened to him mostly; he had the most dealings with these people than the other two. 

"How about..." I started during a lull of the debating, they all looked at me. I had stayed quiet during all this. "How about we go in, in force, show my power, then show that I want peace?" I suggested. "Disable them, the four of us should be able too."

Cole nodded. "Yes... After being with you I've grown as powerful as a few council-members, and Miss Victoria is more powerful than I am."

"And I'm a demon, so my power isn't measured like yours, Puppy." Cole smiled, an angry smile, one that promised violence.

"Yes, yes. We smother their magic, and then do nothing, just talk. It shows we mean business, shows that we can hurt them, also shows that we do want to be friends. I think... I'm just grasping at straws here, Dog?"

Cole thought about it for a moment. "Your reasoning is off, but it's possible. Are you sure you want to bring the demon?"
