 This is probably my favorite installment I've written. I hope you enjoy it as much as I. It just occurred to me to attach the harem tag to this story. That's sad right?

As always, a big thanks to Lady_Sith for her editing work.

Axle.

******

Sunday was apparently an important day. It would be the first time in living history where the demon race wanted to make contact with humans. I was that point of contact.

Yay, me.

I looked over at my pet, she was dressed in a business suit, her skirt too short, her blouse unbuttoned too far. At least she was trying. She forced me into something similar, and when I say into I mean she magically conjured the clothing she wanted me to wear. I looked like someone about to go forcefully take over a company. Black was apparently my color.

"Now, normally when you summon one of us, you want to use silver to bind us while we make a contract. Since the Ambassador is coming over willingly, you won't need that. There will already be a contract of peace in place, if he breaks it... he's yours."

"And if I break it?" I ask as I sipped on my coffee, watching her pace around the room.

She looked at me and raised an eye, surprised I would even consider it. "Oh... Well, nothing. The contract only binds demons. Which is why we typically don't like humans. Your people break them at the drop of a pen."

I shrugged at that. Most of the morning were things like this. How to treat this Ambassador, how to behave as proper hosts. Their rules and traditions made the old-thinking of the Council of Seven look modern. Hosts must offer guests nourishment, must promise to protect said guest, must do this, must do that. My head hurt because of it.

"Tell me again why Vicky and Cole can't be here?"

"Easy... Vicky isn't protected in the contract yet, though the Ambassador wouldn't do anything – it strictly states he is to meet you and you alone. Cole, well, he's an enforcer. They tend to hunt the lesser demons who jump between realms. We don't like them, even if he is your slave."

"And you? If it states me and me alone, why are you here?"

She smiled and slid to her knees down in-front of me. She could tell I was nervous. Hell, she was in my damned head, she knew how nervous I was better than I truly did. I was still suffering from a hangover and a full day's worth of sex. "As your slave, I am a part of you. Me being here is still just you being here. It's all kinds of complicated, and I've explained for you multiple times."

I nodded, and brushed my hand through her platinum blonde hair. Last night it was brown, this morning it was blue. I shook my own black hair out of my face as I stretched. "When am I summoning him?"

"Sooner the better. He's been bouncing around the walls all morning with excitement." My Pet stood and took her place next to me. "Just remember to say the words correctly."

I nodded as I looked at a piece of paper in-front of me. It was written in a language that simply isn't seen in our realm. The Demon Tongue. It was a phonic written language, you move your lips and mouth in similar ways to the spirals and lines on the paper. I was getting some base grammar lessons from my pet demon about it. I could read it well enough. The paper said along the lines of "I welcome 'enter demon name here' to my place of residence in the name of peace and good tidings". I am unsure how to properly turn the demon's name into English.

Put a bit of will, a bit of magic into your words – and you find yourself casting demon magic. Their magic is what's mostly written about in our fiction novels. With enchantments and chanting of phrases. My Pet was different because she fed on souls, so she could use our magic. I was all kinds of confused.

"Ready?" I asked her, feeling her hand on my shoulder – giving me courage. And I spoke in the demon tongue. It felt odd. Not right. The sounds etched into my soul as I spoke them. Releasing a bit of will with the words I felt a tugging on my magic, but I held on. And then we waited.

"So, if you don't have a name, Pet. How were you summoned by Victoria?" I asked her questioningly.

"It's not that I don't have a name, I just don't remember it. Miss Vicky simply called for a demon of lust to grant wishes – I happened to answer that call. You are summoning someone specific."

I nodded absently as I could feel another presence slowly forming in-front of me. In a second a man was standing before us. He wore flamboyant clothing, I hesitate to call it a suit, of different hues of color. He would fit better in a carnival than my living room. His bow was low, and he moved his body upwards slowly – giving me the chance to check him out. 

Hey, I had one pet who was a literal demon in the sack. Figuratively and literally. You can't blame me for wanting to add more.

He was attractive, very handsome. Strong features, soft eyes and a kind smile. He didn't hold anywhere near the beauty of my own Pet, which was somewhat disappointing. Though, his face would look perfect on the cover of GQ or any other magazine cover. Of course on my list of most attractive to me, he'd be number one for the foreseeable future. He had bright blue eyes that locked on me as he brought his head up – I felt my nether regions grow excited at the look.

I ignored him and looked at my Pet. "You didn't warn me he was like you, my Pet." I said, and she blinked quickly.

"I...I didn't?" She said, blushing and bowing her head. "I-I'm sorry, mistress..."

"I'll punish you later." I said playfully. I heard her giggle in the back of my mind. I turned my attention to the man standing before me. The exchange between her and I was somewhat planned. I was told to find something wrong and reprimand her in the demons presence. How I treated her would be a big discussion in the Outer-Realm. "Greetings..." insert demon name here, "welcome to my home. I offer you hospitality, and good tidings – as long as you do the same."

The demon bowed again, then spoke. His voice reminded me of Simon, only smoother if that was even possible. "I humbly accept the offerings, Mistress Amellia Morgana Noctis. I too, wish upon you and yours good tidings."

With that I was supposed to stand, so I did, bow, so I did. Then I added something, I held out my hand in the human form of a hand shake. "You are within my realm, Good Demon, some niceties of me and mine should be followed, yes?"

He looked at my hand, the smile fading for a fraction before he took it. It was a ploy on my part; I could more easily read his magic with touching. Demon magic varied greatly from humans, after all. He wasn't that powerful, not even half as strong as my own demon. We shook and I offered him a chair in front of my own. It wasn't as comfortable as mine was – but it was the second-best chair in the house. Another damn demon rule.

"Shall I offer you refreshments? Food? My Pet here has become very adept in the kitchen." I said, patting my demon on her thigh.

"Oh please, I would be most thankful. A drink, if it pleases you." My demon bowed her head, ever silent, ever dutiful as she left the room, moving into the kitchen. It was weird. 

"So... incubus?" I asked, taking a shot in the dark. The formalities were mostly over and we could more or less speak more openly.

"Ah, no. You mean she really didn't warn you?"

"I did not." My slave said coming in with a bottle of whiskey. Apparently, this demon was a fan of it. She poured two glasses, handing us each one and then took a step behind me – still holding the bottle. "I like surprising her with things."

The man nodded, taking the glass and a small sip before smiling at the taste. A gift from Victoria. Two-hundred dollar bottle of whiskey. I wasn't a fan, but to each their own. "I am exactly like your slave, Mistress Noctis. I am an omnibus."

That made me stare. "F... Wait... From what I've seen in my research, an omnibus typically looks female but can feed off males and females. So, how are you male? Is it magic?" I turned to look at my demon. "Are you using magic to look female to me?"

The demon shook his head, taking another small sip. "No, Miss. Omnibus is a demon of lust who can feed off male or female. But we come in many shapes and sizes, much like you humans." I nodded at that. "So, with that settled, would you mind if I took the lead and... how do you say... get down to business?"

"By all means." I said waving my hand in front of me as I took up my own glass.

The demon bowed and stood up, a folder appearing in his hand. "Just some quick office things. Do you, Amellia Morgana Noctis, upon threat of death admit to binding this Omnibus to be your servant?" Again, I was warned about this. The wording might seem ominous, but it wasn't truly saying what it sounds like. So, I nodded. "Good... very good. And, by threat of death, do you also say that you treat your slave with respect?"

"I treat her as I would my lover." I said simply.

"Excellent... And, lastly... Do you have any intention of harming your slave if they do not follow orders?"

I shook my head. "I don't plan on killing her, no. But a good smack across the ass a few times is always up in the air."

"You trained her well." The demon said, his voice going to my pet before back to me. "Wonderful" he smiled as the folder disappeared. "I am Ambassador," insert outrageous demonic name here, "on behalf of our President and the Demon Race, I wish to present a formal invitation to you, Sorceress of Lust Amellia Morgana Noctis." Another thing popped into his hand. And sure enough, it was an invitation. Fancy sprawling letters overtook the thick black paper as I looked it over. There was a date, a time, but no destination.

"You are inviting her into our realm?" My pet said loudly, snatching the invitation out of my hand to look at it. "As host? A human?! That's... That's..." 

"Unheard of?" The demon said chuckling. "As I am sure you are aware, Mistress Noctis, the humans have a prophecy of you here in your realm. Well, if you are who we think you are, we have one as well. One we would much rather not see come into fruition. Which is why we wish to extend an olive branch, as it were, before you decide to wipe us out." I confusingly blinked at that, my mouth open as words refused to leave me. "So, we beg of you Mistress Noctis, come. Meet us. Drink with us. Enjoy our company, and we shall do the same with yours." He finished off his glass and bowed low again. "You may summon me at any time, for anything." There were so many other meanings to his last word, and then he was gone.

My pet plopped down on the arm of the chair as I leaned back. "That was not at all what I expected." I said taking the invitation from her. "Very anti-climatic."

She nodded. "You and me both, mistress."

"Let me guess... An office worker?" I asked looking up at her. The shrug she gave me told me it was close enough. Not powerful enough to be of any real threat, but loyal enough to get the job done. "He seemed like he wanted to leave as fast as he could. What the hell is with this fucking prophecy?"

My pet shrugged. "I don't know, mistress. I am respected where I come from, but I don't get into politics. If I did, I'd be President." She shrugged again. "That type of thing would be under lock-and-key, more of a 'need to know' type thing. Apparently, being your slave doesn't put me on that list. When does it say this party was?"

"Three days, can I bring Vicky?" I asked looking over the invitation. "It says me and one guest. Does that guest include you?"

She shook her head. "Really? How many more times? I am you. In their eyes, at least, I am an extension of you." I waved my hand telling her to skip it. "Yes, if it says a guest, you can bring Vicky, the Dog too if you wanted. But I'd keep him on a short leash though."

I nodded, then sighed. "So, what now? Wait?"

The demon looked at me, and grinned. I suddenly felt the fabric of the seat beneath my bare bottom, and the feeling of perfect skin straddling against me. "They are going to be gone for a while, my mistress. There are a few ways to pass the time." Giggling like a school girl, I kissed her, my hands groping that perfect rear as we killed the time.

Her clothing was gone as I felt the omnibus' damp cunt pressed against the growing bulge in my odd dress skirt. Those perfect lips found my as she pressed her body against me. I moaned against her, pushing my hips up as my own clothing vanished – magic made things so much easier. Gone was the odd fabric pressed against my cock, here was the warmth wonderfulness of my demon's pussy.

The feeling of my heat against hers made her gasp. "I am sorry mistress." She breathed heavily in my ear as she gyrated her hips against me. "I was going to tell you what type of demon he was."

I laughed softly, my hands digging into her rear hard. "That's right, I still owe you a punishment." I felt her nod against me as her movements quickened. "Very well... I order you to get me off." As soon as I said it I felt myself slide into her. Now, I've ridden a lot of laps since I came into my magic. Sitting here trying to figure out the logistics of how our bodies were, I'm still no sure how I slid in so easily. With a moan, I slapped her rear playfully. "No, no... I get off, you do not. Mouth and hands, that's it." I groaned, not wanting to leave her perfect entrance.

"Oh... Mean mistress." She moaned softly in my ear, giving a few pumps before slowly sliding off of me. Her body slithered to the ground, me spreading my feet to give her better access.

Sitting on the ground and looking up at me, her hand started to stroke my erection, moving from the tip all the way down. Her other hand went to my pussy, slowly, playfully brushing her fingers along the folds. "Good, girl." I sighed softly as I leaned back in the chair. She was outlining my cock and pussy. Her hands were more exploring than pleasing. The light touch of her fingertips ran along the length of my member, and exploring my folds below that.

Then I felt her lips kiss along my thighs, hips, and close to my genitals without touching them. "Too much teasing..." I said softly, one of my hands going to rub circles around my breasts gently. I heard her giggle, then felt her soft wet lips press against the head of my member, then move lower. I groaned at the feeling as her lips continued to travel down my shaft until she was kissing my clit.

I gasped at the feeling of her hand encircling my shaft. She started to lightly stroke it. Her tongue came next after her lips, flicking along my buzzer before moving down and pushing gently into me. Gasping, my back arched at the feeling, pushing myself against her tongue as she stroked me faster. The demon alternated between slipping her tongue into me, and sucking and nibbling on my clit – all the while her hand moved up and down my cock, getting faster and faster.

"F-Fuck..." I moaned out, my hands buried into my C-cup breasts, my hips pushing against her mouth. "M-More... Close..." I groaned out. She did more. Her tongue slid deeper into me than should've happened. I'm not complaining at all, but I'm going to blame magic. It explored my insides, twisting and turning until it expertly pressed against my g-spot.

That was the last draw for me. Pushing once more, hard against her I cried out as the orgasm rocked through me. My cock twitched in her hand as I felt my hot juices explode and then land on a mix of my chest and the top of her head. Some of it even landed on my hands, which were still playing with my breasts. My pussy contracted against the invading tongue at the same time. My fem-juices pushing out into her mouth as she sucked around the entire area.

"You... ah... You made a mess... Come clean it up." I said, grabbing her gently by her hair and pulling her to where my cum splattered my body.

"Yes, mistress." The demon said sexually, her voice dripping with need. Her tongue traveled across my body as she licked up my white cum, her eyes never leaving mine the whole time. It took longer than it should have, her tongue traveling all around my stomach and breasts as she cleaned me. "Is that all of my punishment, mistress?"

I grinned, leaning forward to bite playfully on her bottom lip. "No-no-no, my pet... we're just getting started."

******

It's funny how sometimes nothing happens when you're expecting something to. I had forgotten about the roller-coaster my life had been up to this point; there was always something going on. There was always something to look forward too. The next three days I was working and that was it. Of course, my work would turn steamy in an instant. That alone could create very interesting stories. But it'd get repetitive rather quickly though; doing the same thing over and over and over. Three days of work, coming home, work, coming home. With oodles and oodles of sex thrown in-between.

Don't get me wrong. I love my life, but a routine is still a routine. And routines can become very boring very quickly (even for me).

So, three days after the very anti-climatic (sorry about that, should have warned you) meeting with the ambassador. The four of us were sitting around the living room. As always, my two slaves were naked. Vicky and I were dressed comfortably, sweatpants and a tank-top for both of us.

"Alright Mistress, a few things I should warn you about." My demon said into the silence and we all looked at her. Her hands went over her body. "This is not how I look in my natural state, for one thing."

Vicky and I both looked at her quickly. Cole just grunted like he knew all along, which he did. There were still many things I didn't but needed to know. To say I was ignorant back then would be an understatement.

"What do you mean?" I asked, narrowing my eyes at her.

"Oh... It uh... lets us blend in with the humans. We hide our true forms." Her cheeks blushed as she shrugged. "After the thoughts I heard from you about this form, I didn't want to change your opinion of me with my true form."

"Can you change now? I'd much rather see you here instead of being surprised when we're there."

"Of course, Mistress." The woman who I've always described as being perfect nodded. And then she changed. First her hair went to a bright white, I've seen her change her hair color in the middle of sex so this wasn't very surprising. But then her skin changed. The white alabaster skin started to darken. The skin moved from different hues, some went to a deep black, darker than anything I've seen, while the rest was a dark blue, bordering on almost purple. THIS kind of threw me for a loop.

That deep black turned into spiral designs along her blue skin. Her eyes stayed the same color. I looked over the designs on her body. They ended at her cheeks, but from what I could tell, were everywhere else. Her face changed slightly, growing longer, her ears turned pointed – like elfs in all those fantasy movies. Otherwise her body stayed the same. In fact, her breasts grew larger than what I was used too, her nipples turning a bright purple color.

The biggest change was her genitals. The cock that I've grown to desire heavily grew an extra inch, changing color to the bright purple of her nipples. Small dark blue bumps were popping up, my mind wondering how they'd feel inside of me. I'm going to find out how that feels later. Some of Vicky's toys had bumps like that and they drive me wild.

Her pussy matched the color of her nipples, but otherwise remained human in appearance. 

Her blue cheeks blushed red as she looked down at herself. "My pet..." I said slowly. "Read my thoughts." I closed my eyes and smiled as I felt that probing feeling I associated with her. It's like getting a shot from the doctor, only instead of going into your arm, it was sliding into her thoughts. She looked at me, leaned forward and kissed me passionately. Her lips tasted different, but still pleasant. "I'll explore this new side of you later, my pet." I said winking to her.
