 Danger. 

The word reverberated inside my skull as I stood up, the bliss from mine and my angel's sexual tryst was gone. Oaer could tell something was wrong, despite the fact she still had the face of someone in the middle of an orgasm.

Danger.

I had thought this party was supposed to be safe. My pet assured me she would do everything in her power to keep it so, Victoria was safe due to their ancient laws. My slaves were safe because in the eyes of the demons, they were me and I was sacrosanct in their realm. I had yet to come in contact with someone who made me worry about power. So why? Why the danger?

I felt my knuckles pop as I put them into fists. How do I get back? This world worked differently than mine, I wasn't sure if my normal mode of transporting myself would work. To be honest, I was afraid to try. Danger. Anger welled up in me as I sent my thoughts to my omnibus. Searching for something, some clue as to what was going on.

"Mistress!!!" Came her voice in my head, and my heart skipped a beat. At least she was alive. "Mistress, thank the gods! They attacked us, hard, and the Dog is hurt. The demons are regrouping for a counter attack, but we need you here, my Mistress."

"How??? Your stupid realm doesn't follow the same laws as mine." I shot back, screaming it out loud. Oaer looked at me, her body finally winding down. The Angel stood, her robes forming over that golden skin, her hands gripping the sword that was now at her waist.

"That angel is still with you?"

"My new slave, yes."

There was a silence, then despite everything going on, a soft giggle in my mind. "Of course, mistress, be careful with angels. Especially female angels, do not have sex with her." I wanted to send a "too late" thought, but instead I sent simple feelings of annoyance. "Yes, sorry, mistress. The angel can help, the whole reason our world works like this is their fault anyways."

I ignored her after that, my grey eyes finding the illuminating blue ones of my new Angel. "We need to go back. Now."

"Yes, my Mistress. Please, take my hand." The beautiful heavenly voice said as she held out her golden dainty hand. Oh, different time I'd have all sorts of thoughts about my new acquisition. I took it, looking up at the tall woman as the area around us shifted. It wasn't like at home, where you folded space to go somewhere else. It was like we were on one of those moving walkways, one that ignored silly things like doors and walls.

Any other time I would have wondered at the views of the demon realm passing around us. It was different than Earth, vastly so. My mind was on one thing though. I looked to my Angel and spoke. "Do you know how to fight, Oaer?" I asked her, she nodded slowly, her bright blue eyes watching over me.

That was all I needed. We came upon the courtyard; I knew it was so due to the high walls. When our movement stopped the sounds came to us. All I heard were the sounds of fighting; ugly sounds of metal hitting metal, explosions. The smell was worse though. I felt no lust in the area. 

I don't like fighting. I believe I've mentioned this before. I hate it. Nothing good can come from fighting. Well, domination can. But, a wise being can dominate without ever causing pain. I'm a fan of beauty, and there is none in war. But when I saw the scene before me, I was ready to start that war tenfold.

The first thing you notice in a battle is the smell. It's disgusting, painful to the senses, and downright sickening. It's not just the smell of death, but the taste of blood and hate. When a fight between magical beings happens, you have scorched earth, acidic smells from gasses being conjured, and that ugly smell of bogs. Plus, there were so many other things that I couldn't count them all. Then, add in the sights to it all. One who hasn't hardened their stomach would get sick at this point, hell even some who have get sick. I won't describe it in detail, to save your own mind's eye from the carnage. 

It was bad.

Groans, pleas for help, and cries for mercy filled the air. I heard shouts of anger and grunts of pain. Names were being called out. Fifty different languages were being used to converse between the different beings. It was chaos. Luckily, the attackers wore uniforms.

There were about fifty beings in a close-knit circle, attacking those outside of it. They all wore midnight blue robes and white masks that covered their identity. They weren't all demon, I could tell by the forms underneath the robes. Magic gushed out of them like a wave of pain and death, hitting the defenders or their own defenses. I didn't care about them. I only cared about my people.

"Pet?!" I shouted in my mind, and a bright blue flash appeared not too far away. It could be coincidence, or my omnibus knew I was looking for her. "Prepare to defend and fight if necessary." I said looking over my shoulder at my angel. The golden woman nodded and then changed. 

Those billowy white wings suddenly erupted in silver fire, spreading out behind her. A halo appeared above her head, golden flames danced in time with the silver. Her clothing too changed into silver armor that matched her brothers. Her battle mode was pretty damn cool. She nodded, her face set in a look of determination. Those striking blue eyes were glancing this way and that. Then we moved, heading towards that flash.

I was expecting having to fight. Fifty beings against the entire party didn't make much sense. I was expecting as soon as I showed myself for others to jump into the fray and attack me. Nothing happened and I was kind of disappointed. I had a heart full of rage, and I needed to unleash it.

I saw Victoria first, and my heart skipped a few beats as I started running. I could tell she was scared, but still beautiful. Her face set in one of concentration as she had her hands outstretched in-front of her. Her dress was torn in a few places, but I couldn't see any blood on her. Her eyes found mine across the battlefield, and I could see her visibly relax. The look of concentration turning into a smile as her eyes twinkled slightly. 

I could never get used to how much I wanted to see her smile.

Then there was someone behind her. He wore a dark blue robe and a white mask. He was large, three feet or more taller than me, and his shoulders were broad with muscles. The robe hid much, but I could see the strength beneath them. I cried out, but it was too late. Large hands covered my lover's mouth and entrapped her hands, and then they were gone.

Everything stopped... everything, but the anger. 

That seething rage that causes people to kill others. I was vaguely aware of my omnibus shouting for Victoria, of Cole stumbling forward with that large sword a look of disbelief on his face. Of Oaer behind me, silently standing sentinel to my anguish.

Wrath is fickle and it's flimsy. The strings that bind our rational brain are easy to break and even easier to bend. I am not a fan of wrath. I'm even less a fan of being angry and how that affects my otherwise intelligent mind. At that moment though, I reached for that anger. The power that rested there I grabbed it and I made it mine.

My magic felt different as I wielded it. Turning my full attention to the fifty or so beings in that stupid little circle. Lust magic wants to caress, wants to touch and make others feel good. But no matter what you do with it, don't think for one second that lust magic can't burn you. But at least you'll get a boner and then ask for more. This time, it wanted to hurt, to maim and to destroy. The defenders could sense me approach, and they scattered like the wind (pretty smart of them actually). The invaders all turned to me at once. Their faceless masks were giving nothing away, but their body language was giving away everything. As they tasted my power, they each flinched simultaneously like it was a dance routine.

Then they attacked.

Then they defended.

The fight didn't last long. It took everything in me not to simply wipe them all from existence. My rage was begging me to let go and it would deal with my pain. But I held on, BARELY. I paid attention to what was happening around me. I distinctly heard who was in charge and giving orders. I don't remember the rest of the fight; I was lost in a blind rage. I do know that eventually I picked out the leader of the attackers, and pinned him to the ground with my magic. Then dealt with the rest of them. It was all over in minutes.

Walking through the fallen bodies, some still breathing, some were groaning in pain, and some in pleasure (Its lust magic, just roll with it). I found myself standing over who I assumed was the leader. Fire erupted in my hands as I stared down at him. 

I was about to do something I'd regret before I heard my omnibus. She was screaming at me, in my ear and in my head. The sound of her voice caused me to blink and look around. She was standing next to me, with her armor donned, sword in hand. She was breathing hard. I learned later that my pets were working hard to keep the backlash of my attacks off the party-goers. 

"Mistress!" She said again before she noticed I was staring at her. "By the gods..." She said finally looking around at the beings. Shaking her head she closed the distance between us, her arms wrapping around me as she kissed my lips. "Let go of your anger." She breathed softly against me.

"No... He will tell me what I want to know." I said, my hand waving over the demon as his robes and mask disappeared. 

"I agree... But don't use wrath, my mistress." Something in my brain finally kicked in. I had no idea how I was using wrath; I can't use wrath, I'm lust. "You are using wrath, my mistress. I don't know how, but you are." I stopped and looked at her as she lightly moved her fingers up my arm. "Let it go." She quietly said to me.

I hate it when people say, "Let It go". That damned song always pops up in my mind. But, I did. I took a deep breath, unable to hold it back anymore (damnit) and my mind grew clearer. I saw my omnibus looking at me and I could hear her "interesting..." she said even though she didn't say it. "Not now." I stopped her before she could talk. "I need information." I then reached down and grabbed the demon by one of his horns. "One way or another... you are going to give it to me."

Fear is a wonderful motivator. His eyes bulged from his face, his tongue licked across his lips. "Mistress," my omnibus started, "take my hand, we'll take him somewhere private."

And then we were off, transported that same interesting way into what I assumed was my Pet's home. We were in a room one could only call a dungeon, or a possibly a playroom if I knew my omnibus. Chains hung from the ceiling and walls, but I ignored them. My magic would be good enough to keep him immobile. 

I looked around at my three slaves, three now. I remember thinking back then that three was a lot. I laugh at myself now at those thoughts. "What now?" I asked, the anger ebbing away, leaving me with emptiness. I needed Victoria with me.

"Interrogate him, mistress. Pain is an excellent motivator." Said Oaer, surprisingly considering what angels are supposed to embody. I turned to look at her, raised an eyebrow, and smirked.

My demon shook her head though, her eyes never left our captive. "No... He's used to pain. Its in his nature."

"If I may suggest, my mistress." Came Cole's rough voice, we all looked at him. He usually stayed silent unless I talked to him directly. "Before I gave you the information I had, you poured lust into me and used it to get what you wanted. The way you moved and how you acted, I was unable to resist it. He's a wrath demon, yes?" He said looking towards the demon. She kept looking at him and nodded slowly. "Then it should work similar. Wrath turns to lust with the right pushing."

The three of them conversed about what my Dog said. It made complete and total sense. Use what I was good at to get what I wanted. Hell, I did that on a daily basis anyways. What difference would it make here? If it isn't broke don't fix it. While they talked I left them, walking towards the demon. "Need me, mistress?" My omnibus said, as they all grew quiet. Shaking my head I closed the distance, ignoring the three of them. I Ignored everything else besides my magic.

The demon was pushed against the floor by an invisible force of my creation. His skin was a pale red, the designs accentuating the muscles on his chest and arms. I looked him over, investigating his body. "Use lust to get what I want" I thought to myself. With that, I took my magic, the part that was pure lust, and simply poured it into him. Like forcing someone to drink water when they are on the brink of dehydration. His eyes grew wide and a loud moan escaped his lips. The demonic phallus grew hard in an instance. The bumps on it engorging as it bounced on his skin.

It was a good-sized member, one I'd normally be happy to jump on. This was all business though. Then again, why not mix business and pleasure. I did use a bit of magic, it wouldn't hurt to refill myself on my enemy. I stood above him, placing my feet to either side of his hips, my dress fanning out around us as I sat down. I pinned his cock between my damp pussy and his crotch, the feeling caused the demon to moan as he watched me interestingly. The bumps along his shaft shot pleasant feelings all through me. Oh, I couldn't wait to get my omnibus alone to fully appreciate it.

"You took the one person you shouldn't have." I said softly, very softly barely above a whisper. "You are going to tell me where she is... now."

The demon shook his head, well tried to, my magic made it impossible so he had to speak. "I... I don't know." He said, his voice panicking. I poured more lust into him, felt his member swell against me. 

"Not good enough. I could leave you like this, pinned to the floor, no way of release... or... I could give you what you want." I said softly, grinding myself against him. "But you must give me what I want first."

My grinding affected him, his eyes closing as he enjoyed my folds rubbing along his shaft. "I-I can't... They'll kill me."

"That is not my problem, and at this moment, not your problem either." I coo'd at him and pushed harder. "Where is she?"

Instead of answering he bit his lip, forcing himself not to speak. So I poured more lust into him, and slid his head inside of my wanting opening. He moaned softly, and I was sure if I didn't have another spell going inside his cock, he would have cum. His eyes went wide. "Wh... What?" He said, his eyes trying to look down at himself. "Why... Why didn't I?"

"You demons enjoy sex." I said, sliding more of him in me, forcing myself not to moan in pleasure at the feeling. "What would your kind think if you couldn't orgasm? Hell, what would that be like for you? Always going right to the edge... but never over it?" I said softly, still sliding him into me. I could see his muscles under that pale skin, bulging and twisting as he tried to thrust into me. My magic was stronger though, and he couldn't move an inch. He was totally and completely under my control.

"You might be a wrath demon, or, whatever. But I'm sure you enjoy sex as much as any incubus. So tell me what I want to know. I'll release the spell and give you what you want." I said pushing his last few inches into me quickly. My fingernails raked along his chest, leaving marks, as I just sat there and enjoyed it. The ribbing along the demon's shaft did pleasant things to my insides. They rubbed me just the right way, if I were to let loose, I was sure I would've been brought to orgasm a few times just from insertion. Oh, my omnibus was going to be so much fun now.

It was nice, the pleasure. It helped to quell my anger and focus my mind on what I needed to do. So I shifted a bit, treating his cock as a toy and nothing more. "Tell me..." I leaned in close, "and I'll let you go... In more ways than one." I said grinning down at him as I rocked back and forth.

He gasped and moaned at my movements. Struggling in vain to take control, to be on top. "F-Fuck... your realm, they took her to your realm." He said gasping out. "Please let me cum."

"Not yet. Not... Good... Enough..." I said, with each word, I was lifting myself up and dropping down on him. "How? Demons can't travel back and forth without invitation." Thank you Pet for all the lessons you have given me. I made a mental note to thank her properly later.

"Allies... We have human allies who want to be able to control you. They fear you." He said, his words coming out fast.

"Who?"

"I don't know! Please, I need to cum!"

I slammed down on him hard. One, I wanted hurt him, and two... it felt good. Sue me. I leaned forward, my breasts pushed up against him as I bit his bottom lip. "Not good enough. Who was helping you?"

I saw him visibly swallow his spit as he glanced around. His shifty eyes focused on mine after a few moments. "Sorcerers. Powerful. Greed and Lust." He managed to moan out.

"Good. Was that so hard?" I asked snidely as I grinded, enjoying the feeling of him inside me. "Now... Do you know their names?" The muscles in his neck twitched from what I assumed was him trying to shake his head no. "Answer me, demon." I purred out, lifting my hips up and then moving them down slow. Those damn bumps were amazing. Willpower. Mustn't forget willpower. Get what I need, then get off.

He opened his mouth to moan, then quickly said "N...No... I wasn't allowed to know."

"Ah. You were just a sacrifice?" I asked, he gave a noise, which I assumed was an affirmative. "I see. You've done well... Now, I'm going to enjoy you, and then leave."

His eyes went wide at that. "B... But you said you'd let me cum!"

"I said no such thing." I said, pouring magic against his mouth to keep him quiet. "Pet..." I moaned out as I moved. "You have these bump things, right?" I asked moaning softly and looking over at my slaves. They were staring at me, not in any disgusted way. This is who I am after all. 

"Yes, my mistress." 

"Oh thank the gods... These are amazing." I said, smiling at them. "We have our information. Ah, stop twitching down there." They agreed and let me play. I needed it, sex was a good way to clear my mind and lose my anger. I don't need anger to find Victoria; I needed smarts.

So, I rode the demon hard. Ignoring him for the most part. My nails biting into his skin as I bounced up and down. My magic held him still, and silent, he was nothing more than a blow up doll as I moved on his hot tool. It didn't take long for my orgasm to claim me. My walls clamping down on the interesting member as I cried out in pleasure. My juices were pouring out of me, and my cock was exploding all over the demon below me.

As I was getting off I remembered my spell on his mouth and waved my hand. He gasped out, the moans he was trying to let loose all coming at once. Then he spoke. "Mistress... Please."

"No..." I said sternly, looking down at him. "I am not your mistress, I only enslave those I like... I don't like you. Now, run along." I said dismissively, releasing the magic that bound him to the ground as I turned my back on him. 

The omnibus and angel were looking down at the demon; my dog had his sword out and a look that threatened him. "Was that wrong of me?" I asked my pet when the three of them visibly relaxed.

She smiled, and shook her head. "No... But he called you mistress like a slave would... In his mind, you are, you shouldn't have to worry about him. In fact, he might become a very useful ally in the future."

"I meant about the spell I placed on him. Him unable to cum?"

She laughed and shook her head. "That's actually a rather common punishment. Though, there's usually a time-frame on it. Yours... it might last until you release him from it." I nodded at that, as the three of them touched me and I moved us home.
