 Thanks as always to Lady_Sith with her editing work and advise. Thank you as well, to anyone who messaged me, to everyone who rates and favorites and all that good stuff. Love hearing from people reading my works, it truly means a lot to me.

Axle.

******

Confucius was wrong. Patience isn't a virtue... It's a fucking torture technique.

Two days of waiting. Two days of staring at my cell phone waiting to see Evelyn's name pop up. Two days of doing nothing but that. My mind was dwelling on nothing but Victoria and getting her back. Besides bothering me, I couldn't even tell you what my pets had been up to these two days. 

I could feel their presences before they made themselves known. Like me merely thinking of them caused them to appear. That could very well be the case; I wasn't sure how my enslavement of them actually worked. I didn't know anything about the long term.

Not back then.

"Mistress." Came the seductive tone of my omnibus. I tore my eyes away from my phone to look at her, and blinked in surprise. She donned her battle armor, a long thin sword resting on one hip. Her arms were crossed over her chest. Oaer, my angel, was dressed in her armor as well, but no flames sprouted from her wings nor halo over her head.

"Is there news?!" I asked, practically jumping up from my seat, reaching for my magic. 

"No, mistress. Not yet." She said quickly, holding up her hand to stop me. I paused, narrowing my eyes.

To be honest, by this point, I had been on edge about everything. Victoria being gone did things to me that I hadn't expected. I know now it's our connection to each other as soul mates. "Then why are you here?" I said, louder than I truly needed too. "Why aren't you out there? Getting information, finding Victoria?!" They took it. They took my anger as I shouted at them. The three of them were calm and collected, letting me rant. I would be dead without the support of my pets.

"Mistress, you need to go do something. You are not the type to sit at home and mope." My omnibus said, I opened my mouth but she cut me off with a look. I felt my lips form a pout as I closed them. I was supposed to be the one in charge. "Our Dog will shadow Evelyn, and I have your enthralled slave shadowing the President. They have both agreed to keep us informed." I was about to say something else, another look, another pout. I'd take it out of her ass later, I sent her exactly that through our connection. She blinked at me, but smiled at it. "You are going to come with us." She finished, my angel nodding.

"Coming where?"

"Unimportant, my mistress." Oaer said to me, bowing her head. "I regret to announce, but we have come to agreement that this is nonnegotiable. The human, demon, and I have agreed you need to come. The human will contact you when the information comes."

I blinked at her, then at my Pet, then at my Dog. I was about to say something before the soft touch of my pet gripped my arm tight, then the world folded around us. 

I loved being able to transport myself. It's not that it was easy, or that it rubbed against the sloth in me, it was just fun. The power you controlled was wonderful. When I was forced into it and I had no control, I did not like that. And I did NOT like this very much.

The first thing I noticed was the blinding sun, the burning heat, and exactly how dry it was. The saliva in my mouth was gone within a second of my feet hitting the sand. The wind, dry and burning like everything else, pelted at my skin hard enough that I had to squint my eyes or risk being blinded. I could make out very little in front of me, but the armor of my pets shined in the unforgiving sun.

"Where are we?!" I shouted out, the dust storm building around us.

"I believe you call it the Sahara Desert, mistress." Came the omnibus' voice in my head. I focused on the needle feeling in my mind to speak.

"Why are we here?"

"To train."

"I don't want to train!" I screamed, both in my head and outside. I was angry. Transporting back would be easy, but a part of me knew I needed this and needed to be here.

"Your anger will be the end of you and all of us Mistress. You need to control it. Fight us."

And then I saw something through the sand, a blast of fire coming towards me. I didn't have time to think, and I wasn't in the right mind to call upon my own magic. The fire hit me in my chest, forcing me flying backwards. That hurt... that hurt a lot. The flames licked across my skin and I cried out. 

Another flash, and my Angel, burning wings and halo, was flying towards me. She had drawn her sword before diving towards me. Reaching out, my hand grasped the sand, my magic flowing through me performing an action I had done many times in my training with my Pet. A long thin sword formed in my grasped hand and I barely managed to deflect the angel's attack, right before another blast of flame hit me in my shoulder, forcing me to the ground.

Pain was a good motivator for getting angry. I felt my rage flare up as my teeth ground against the sand around me. I could feel the magic around us, the universe. It was teeming with possibilities. It would answer my call if I but whispered to it, and the world would bend around me. I realized at that moment that I could destroy the world if I wanted it.

I don't know what scared me most, the fact that I could very well possibly die here, or that the thought of blowing up the Earth was so close to the top of my mind.

"Mistress!" Came the demon's voice. "Mistress, control your anger! Anger is fire, it burns at everything, and destroys!"

Control fire? I yelled wordlessly into the ground. I needed to think. I needed to calm myself.

I needed this fucking storm to be over.

A part of me sensed my omnibus' pull on her demonic magic, not the human she stole, it was different. Demonic magic felt like it had some type of slime over it, and made you not want to use. Human magic was addictive, it felt like pleasure no matter what sin you coveted. The demon released it, and something covered my body. Something was poking at my sin; pain seared through my mind as I pulled at something, anything. 

This storm was biting away at me as my pet's spell tore at me. I pulled at that magic I held, and the storm stopped. It simply ceased to exist. This was a large storm, spanning miles and miles, and I stopped it simply with a thought. It should have been impossible. That should have scared me, but at that particular point, it didn't. 

I didn't know then, but there are rules about what we can do. Not rules placed there by the Council, but rules placed upon us by the universe and magic itself. Think of it like magical law. There is no higher order. Well, I rewrote the magical laws that day. I twisted them to my fit my will. I didn't stop there. There was still disgusting demonic magic boring into my being.

My hands grasped at my chest as I forced myself to my knees. I was unfamiliar with true demonic magic; I only knew vague notions from snippets of conversations with my pet. It worked differently than what I controlled, but not entirely alien. As I focused, I could sense it. I could feel the inner workings of it. I pulled and prodded at it. I let my anger pound away searching for a weak spot; searching for something I could extort to stop the pain. Something...

There...

A place where the magic weakened. The best comparison would be the knot on a circle of rope. Where the two ends met. I gathered my magic and hacked away. Pain, it took unbearably long to do what I needed while pain blinded my thoughts. Then I was free. Gasping in relief I fell back on the sand, breathing in the fresh air.

"Mistress! We aren't done!" My pet shouted.

I had one second to relax before I felt magic racing at me again, at the same time I could sense my angel speeding towards me. My mind worked and the anger welling up inside me. How dare they? I owned them! They're mine! Slapping my hands to my sides, I commanded the sand around me. It shot out of the ground, in pillars reaching to the clouds. I could hear whatever blast my omnibus threw at me, and the gasp from the angelic voice of Oaer as one of my pillars struck her.

The air gathered beneath me and then lifted me, bringing me to my feet. The sand that I commanded to defend me flowed back into the ground. My eyes alighted on my two slaves. Oaer was struggling back to her feet, when she did, once more she brandished her weapon. My pet, her hands alighted with flame as they squared off at me. As their eyes met mine they both flinched, I saw fear cross their faces for a fraction of a second.

"Why?!" I shouted, my voice echoing in the vastness of the desert.

"You need to learn control, mistress! You have too much power and you don't know how to control it!" My pet shouted back, the flames in her hands started burning brighter.

"So you try to kill me?!"

"No!" I could have sworn I saw tears forming in her eyes. "It kills us to do this! We feel everything you feel. Our connection. Our chains, they chain more than just us to you, they chain our very souls together. What you feel, we feel. Your pain, your anguish, your wrath. Everything!"

I blinked at that, my anger still on the surface. The heat of the sun was redoubling its efforts to cook me. Oaer spoke, her voice still beautiful despite the fiery vengeance her current appearance showed. "Please, listen to the demon, my mistress. This is for you."

And then they attacked again, and my anger flared. Control. Control was the key. But you try to control a raging inferno. Try to control the sun itself. It's impossible. It cannot be done. And that's what my anger was, that's what my magic craved. And I had to control that hurricane. They attacked and I defended. I was wasting more magic than I needed too, way too much. 

Control the sun. How? You get burnt. Simple answer. Anger burns. It burns everything. Magic is a wonderfully addictive drug. It consumes and pushes you to do things you normally wouldn't. It speaks to you. It's a living thing, not just a tool to be used. It is the universe that we live in, the air that we breathe, and the earth that we walk on. It is the people we connect with. That's where magic is used, in our sins and our emotions. Magic drives us as human beings despite how noble or good someone is. Lust is easy to control; it's pleasurable and you want it to use it. Wrath is not. It hurts, it hurts the user and it hurts those around the user.

I deflected another blast of demonic energy, shouting out as I made a shield of sand to catch the blade of the angel. Control. Anger engulfed my magic as I counter-attacked. The sand holding the sword of my angel swelled then started to cover her, the tiny grains entering underneath her.

Then it hit me. How I could be different from the other sorcerer's? I knew already I was tapping into the sin of wrath. I could use two sins to fuel my magic. So, I did something, something no other sorcerer in living memory could do, and none other after me had been able too. I mixed the sins.

The magic I had been using in my desperate fight of survival was wrath. Then I poured in my lust. That never ending feeling I was so used too. I could see what the magic did. The fiery red of wrath was twisting and dancing with the vibrant blue of Lust. It was beautiful.

The sand coiling around Oaer changed its property, turning into a thick mud. The dark substance crawled up her arms; I knew what was going to happen. It would force its way underneath her armor and her clothes. It would focus on her erogenous zones. Pressing against her nipples, rubbing them, mimicking what I would do. Lust spiking against her skin. Her golden cheeks flushed as she dropped her weapon, a moan escaping her mouth as the mud traveled down.

I modeled the mud after some of the more odd porn I've looked up since getting my magic. Slime girls, were apparently a thing. A life force composed of a gelatinous substance that in porn sexed up their partners to feed on their juices. It always seemed like a fun way to get an orgasm. A creature as soft and warm as the inside of a pussy, pressing against your entire body... Sign me up please. I felt Oaer's lust spike as the creature hit her nether regions, forcing inside of her hole to pleasure her. The angel fell to her knees moaning, her hands pawing at the outer-shell of her armor trying to get at her body.

I wanted the fight to be done. I never liked fighting. The feeling of another spell careening towards me brought me from my lust-driven gaze to glaring angrily at my angel. Control. Another blast of fire came from my omnibus. I simply caught it. Forcing my magic around her fireball, taking away her control of it and forcing mine upon it. The flames flared bright red before settling on the blue of lust, and then I sent it back.

My omnibus wasn't expecting that, and was caught unaware as it slammed into her chest. It didn't burn, and it didn't hurt. Pain was not something I liked to inflict on those I protected. In the second that I had to take control of the fire, I poured pure lust into it before sending back. As it hit the demon, that lust would spread instantaneously throughout her entire body. She cried out in orgasmic bliss as she too fell to the sand.

Control. I took a deep breath, soaking in the sounds of orgasm and the lust dripping off the two to quell my anger. Bringing myself back to reality I snapped my fingers, the magic I had used dissipating from the two. They cried out in surprise as the pleasures they were feeling simply stopped. The pouting in their cries told me they didn't want it to stop.

"Shut up." I said as I plopped down on the sand. Only just now realizing how unbearably hot it was, how my sweat was pouring off my mostly naked body. The fight had burnt or ripped up most of the clothing I had been wearing. 

"M... Mistress?" Pet said, her voice still broken with moans from the left-over lust I had poured into her body.

"I understand now... Thank you." I said looking up at the burning sun. I stood and simply said, "Let's continue."

So, we trained. They angered me; they came at me with everything they had. I countered, using my anger, controlling it and not being controlled by it. I forced myself to not just use more power, but to match what they used. Control. I lost some, falling in pain. Breaks being taken to let me regroup, and then we went at it again. I won more than I lost, my two slaves crying out in pleasure every time I won. It was... different. Forcing myself to use less magic to battle, instead of just overwhelm. I had a feeling this is what my Pet was trying to teach me before Cole blasted his way into our lives.

The sun had set, and the differences in temperature were physically draining. Burning your skin in the daytime, freezing your bones at night. By the time we called it quits, all three of us were shivering as we huddled together.

"Shall we head back now, mistress?" My Pet asked, a new type of respect in her voice. 

Every fiber of my being and soul wanted to say yes. I wanted to go back to the room and wait, to do nothing. I shook my head after a minute, looking around us. My magic came easier and I could control it better. The sand turned to clay as I raised it up around us, forming a shelter to protect us from cold. I heated the air inside to keep us warm. I sighed in relief as my supernatural beings looked at me. "No... I needed this. Tonight, we rest. Tomorrow we train more."

"As you wish, my mistress." Oaer said. I looked past my angel and saw my pet nodding her head.

"There is one thing you must remember to do, mistress." My pet spoke, I nodded towards her. "You must feed your lust... I don't know how you are able to use wrath, but lust is your dominant sin. Of course, I am treading into unknown waters..." She looked at Oaer hoping for something she could add.

"I too, have not heard of this before, demon." Her glowing blue eyes looked over me. "Mayhap she could use other sins as well?"

My pet frowned as she thought about it. "Mistress?"

I shrugged at the question. "I'm not very greedy or envious of others. I don't have enough pride for it to be considered sinful. I've never been particularly lazy and I'm not even sure how to be gluttonous." I shrugged again.

"I see... Perhaps they will reveal themselves in time... From what the demon has told me, your wrath only manifested when Dog attacked."

"Yes, yes, yes... All very interesting." The demon said, cutting off the angel. "Back to the matter at hand. By my count, we've cum about five times each... You, my mistress, have not cum at all." Her tone took on her typical seductiveness. My body shivered at hearing it. "Let us heal you, and refill you."

It wouldn't hurt to let loose, would it? Smiling I leaned my back against the hardened clay of my own creation. They took my position as agreement and within an eye blink I was naked. My bare bottom against the still cold sand as the two crawled towards me. Oaer following the movements of my pet to turn her typical mechanical movements into something that resembled sexual.

"I've been training her the past two days, mistress." My Pet said smiling back at the angel. "Poor angels, their females are practically forbidden from having sex." She said, her dark blue skin clashing rather well with the gold of the angel.

I wanted to ask why, but the dainty golden hand of Oaer reached out to grip my member. Something I hadn't thought about since Vicky was taken. I had been neglecting so much. The angel's hand was soft, despite the metallic appearance of it. Her fingers encircled me as she slowly stroked my nine-inches. My pet whispered softly in her ear, I couldn't overhear the words but I knew their content. She was telling Oaer how best to pleasure me and what I like most.

My Pet was over one leg, the angel the other as the golden hand stroked me. "You should know, mistress, that having vaginal sex with angels is dangerous." My omnibus said after a few moments of her coaching Oaer. "So, unless you liked completely controlling her entire body, you should avoid it." She said giggling softly. "Of course, they have two other holes that don't provide a life-threatening experience." With that, her blue hand pushed against the blonde hair of the angel, forcing her head towards the tip of my cock. 

The angel's lips were soft, softer than any other lips I've ever had around my shaft. The inside of her mouth was a mix of warmth and cold, giving me a unique experience as I let out a soft moan of appreciation. It was an interesting experience, almost like getting a blowjob from icy-hot relief cream. I groaned again as I leaned my head back against the constructed clay walls, my grey eyes not leaving my two pets. 

I can't ignore them like that again.

My magic was happy though, rolling around inside the back corner of my mind. It was soaking up the emotions the two supernatural beings were feeding me. I watched as the golden head and lips of the angel slid down my member easily. My omnibus was still whispering in Oaer's ear, her hand still gripping the blonde hair. The angel's tongue spiraled along my thick shaft as her cheeks hollowed out with her sucking against me. 

I watched as my pet leaned down as well, placing her head under the now slowly bobbing head of the angel. The demon's lips were pressing against the base of my shaft, kissing it lovingly before moving down between my legs. So, I had an angel on top of me, and a demon below me. There was something poetic to that, somewhere, I knew it. Damned if I could find it though.

I could have sworn the two of them practice this next part; they worked simultaneously with perfect movements. When Oaer slid her soft lips down my shaft, my pet would slide that impossibly large tongue up my pussy, both playing with their perspective toys before sliding up and out before repeating the process. The feelings were intense. The cold-warmth of my angel, and burning fire of lust from my demon, was really working at me. I didn't last long before I was moaning loudly. I felt my hands moving to my breasts to squeeze and pinch at my nipples.
