 I wanted to apologize for how long this took to be put up. Part 13 was NOT supposed to be a cliff hanger. I had planned on 14 to be released right afterwards, but life got in the way. A situation came up in my own life and I had to settle that before finishing 14. I made a decision to put up the last part, despite the ending. It was not my intention to make you all wait for this.

For those that complained about the cliff-hanger, I apologize.

Again, thank you all for reading. And thanks to Lady_Sith for her help.

Axle.

******

"NO!"

The single syllable reverberated inside my head, pounding at my temples, eyelids and skull. At first I thought it was my omnibus. It didn't feel like her though, in fact, I couldn't feel the normal sensation of the needle in my thoughts. She was gone, completely. 

"EYES! OPEN!"

The voice said again loud enough to hurt my ears. I was glad this voice wasn't just in my head, for a second I thought I was going insane. Though, that'd explain my last few weeks quite well. The voice itself was vaguely feminine and familiar, kind of like I had heard it before, but couldn't quite place it. Hearing those words physically hurt; I felt my body convulse and bend into the fetal position with my hands covering my ears.

"OPEN EYES, MY CHILD!"

My eyes shot open as my body convulsed again. I'm not sure how long this went on for. The voice was shouting inside and outside my head. The convulsions and seizures were ripping apart any thought I might have had. It felt like an eternity being stuck there. There was no ground below me and I was suspended in blackness... wherever I was.

I managed to speak at some point. I forced the words through the sobs and wails coming from me, just a single syllable, "Stop!!" The painful and echoing voice stopped. The sudden nothingness was more worrisome than the absolute pain I had been feeling. More time passed as I got used to the silence, my eyes open and looking around at my surroundings.

Wherever I was, there was nothing but absolute blackness. It wasn't too dark, being able to see my body clearly told me that. There was just nothing, no light source that I could see. It reminded me of a clear night sky if someone had erased all the stars and the moon. There was nothing, nothing around me, nothing beneath me, and nothing over me.

More time passed, more than I felt comfortable with. My thoughts had started to return to me. My first thoughts were of Victoria, I was so close to her. I was so close, and then what happened? I went through what I remembered. I remembered the Drider, the pain of the second bite, and then the coldness. My eyes shot open as I remembered that. There had been no bright light that I remember. I didn't see any angels coming to take me away; I would've remembered that. There were no other indicators besides the coldness that my body had felt before.

"Am I dead?" I asked the emptiness. I truthfully wasn't expecting an answer, but then one came.

"YES." The pain wasn't as bad this time from the words. It still echoed inside my mind and thundered upon my eardrums, but it was bearable enough that my body didn't convulse. Though the pain didn't force it, the answer caused something in my heart to break. That's not an answer you want to hear... Ever.

I blinked the tears out of my eyes; if I was dead then there was no reason to cry about it. "Victoria..." I breathed out, looking around. "What's going to happen to Victoria?"

"TIME. FROZEN. WAITING." 

"What?" I asked the disembodied voice. "What the hell does that mean and where the fuck am I?"

"APOLOGIES. COMMUNICATION WITH MORTALS, DIFFICULT. MUST LEARN."

My fists balled my body spun in its suspension. "Answer me, damnit! What do you mean Time is frozen? What is Time waiting for?"

There was nothing but silence. I had the distinct impression that whatever was speaking was thinking. "YOU ARE DEAD. BUT NOT DEAD. FROZE TIME. WAIT FOR YOU."

"So... I'm kind of dead? And what? Either you or I froze time? Or... I'm really confused." I said sighing as I fell backwards, and fell into a spiral. It was odd sensation; I could feel my body move, but there were no landmarks to tell my brain that I was spinning in circles. Yet, I still got dizzy. How is that fair?

"ESSENTIALLY. YES."

That gave me absolutely nothing besides the fact that I was kind of dead. Still no clear answer on who or why time was frozen. "Where am I?"

"BETWEEN."

Sigh. "Between what?"

Another thinking silence. "BETWEEN THE REALMS. WHERE MAGIC LIVES." I felt my eyes roll in my head. So, I was somewhere, apparently between all the different realms. 

"Who are you?" This silence was more than it had been. I sensed that this was a difficult question, not just to answer, but even ask.

"DO NOT YET NEED THAT ANSWER."

I felt my hands contort into fists as I spun around once more. "Bullshit! Ever since I got this damned power I've found myself in one situation or another! Not all of them have been fun! Right now, my soulmate lies stranded and captured because of me. You will tell me what I want to know, or I swear to whichever god is listening I will make this place crumble around me."

There was silence. This silence was different. It wasn't that thinking silence, it was more amused than anything else. "I AM LISTENING." It said after a while, I didn't think time mattered in this play. Time was, of course, a human invention. "BEHIND."

I turned around, slowly. Where there had been nothing before, there was now a woman. It was hard to tell how tall she was with no physical land markers to judge against. You don't realize how much you rely on things, until there is absolutely nothing to rely on. My best guess? She was my height and build. The being was young, but an ancient power reverberated off of her like the pulses of a beacon. Dealing with demons and sorcerers, you don't judge someone's age by their appearance alone, you have to look deeper than that. You have to look at how they carry themselves, their level of confidence, and use a sixth sense that has nothing at all to do with magic. When confronted by someone deserving your respect, you respect him or her. This being before me commanded it. 

There was something vaguely familiar about her as my grey eyes wandered over her body. She had what looked like smooth black hair, almost silk like, that traveled down to her feet and beyond, floating oddly out around her. Her hair matched mine. The beings face was pretty, not god-like beautiful, but pretty. The type of face you'd talk to at a party, hit it off with, then want to marry in the future. Her face was showing soft features and feminine curves, her lips full and soft looking. Her eyes though, her eyes were only slightly terrifying. They were black, blacker than the void around me, and too big for her face. I saw tiny specks of color that shone like stars in the sky of her black orbs. I could sense that her eyes held knowledge and information that could be the death of anyone, mortal or immortal, demon or human. I had not yet met anyone this powerful, and I couldn't even get a full grasp of exactly how powerful she was.

The woman wore a black gown that sparkled and shined randomly, like her eyes. Honestly, the dress looked like it was alive. The specks seemed to dance across whatever it was made of, almost drawing pictures on the fabric. I couldn't see her body well enough, but I could see she was in shape. Perky breasts pushed against the fabric, around the size of a C-cup if I had to guess. Her hips gave her a small hourglass figured, and a mixture of hair and dress covered her legs. The woman's skin was as pale as mine.

"Who... Who are you?" I asked, after an ungodly amount of time in silence.

"YOU DO NOT YET NEED TO KNOW, MY CHILD." The voice said. I would say it came from her, but the being's mouth didn't move.

I felt my teeth grind against each other. "Why are you calling me your child? I have a mom and dad, and they definitely aren't you."

The lips of the being smiled. "THEY ARE. AND I AM. THEY WERE VESSELS."

I felt my mouth open at that. What the hell was she saying? "Wh... What?" Silence and a knowing smile was all I saw on the being's face. Okay, so she'd answer questions, I just had to ask the RIGHT questions now. Wanting to know about my parents aside, I had the distinct impression that was all I would get from her, so I thought furiously. "So... I'm between the realms. I'm dead, but not dead. What did you mean this is where magic lives? Which magic, because by my count, I've seen four different types."

"ALL MAGIC." The answer came quickly. "ALL MAGIC COMES FROM ONE. RACES MUST USE DIFFERENTLY. BUT ALL MAGIC IS THE SAME."

The pain was less than it had been. Either the being was getting more used to talking to me, or I was going numb from it. Either way made me happy. "Okaaaay... How do I get back?"

"NEED ONLY ASK." The voice said. The eyes of the being before me twinkled, literally. When she answered, her eyes twinkled as star-like orbs of light that sparkled brightly would.

All I needed to do was to ask to go back, and I will? That seemed too good to be true. Then again, I had about a bajillion questions that needed answers. "Why me?" I found myself asking softly. "Why am I the one with this power? Why have I been awakened only to be given so much strife?"

"NOT AWAKENED YET." The answer came, the smile on the being frowning. The type of frown a parent gave their children when they were sad for them. "I AM SORRY, CHILD. HAD TO BE YOU. YOU MUST BE STRONG. EVENTS HAVE UNFOLDED. HISTORY WILL BE MADE. YOU MUST DECIDE THE FATE."

"Why?" I yelled out. "Why must I decide? Give it to someone else! Give this damn curse to someone else; I don't want it. I just want to live my life."

The being frowned again and glided forward, she was much more adept than I was at traversing this void. I felt her arms around me as she embraced me. "It must be you." She said, this time actually speaking to me. The voice was so familiar, like I've heard it all my life, I just couldn't place where I've heard it before. She hugged me tighter saying, "I know you don't want it. But it must be you. It is your birthright. You are stronger than you realize. Do not ignore your emotions... Your... Sins, as you call them. Immerse and surround yourself with them, they will make you strong. They will truly awaken the greatness in you."

The hug felt comfortable. It was safe, secure, and I blinked away the tears I hadn't realized were forming. That voice that was so familiar had an unusual calming effect on me. My arms, finally moving on their own, wrapped around the frame of the being and I cried. Pushing my face into her neck, I bawled like a baby. I didn't care anymore; I was so very tired. My emotions were wound tight from the stress of Victoria being taken away. My sanity was fraying from having no one to really comfort me. My pets did their best, but they were only slaves on the long road. I love them dearly, but they couldn't give me the comfort I craved. At this moment, I was a child that was playing with ancient beings. I was a child that had been given the codes to nuclear missiles and told to have fun.

As I cried, I felt like everything had been washed away from me. All the stress and anger I had at myself and everyone was gone. I no longer felt my jealousy of those better than I, or the pride I felt in my power. Everything calmed as the being rubbed my back. I don't know how long I cried for. 

I'm not sure when the realization that I had to get back hit me. Victoria, Cole and my pets were waiting for me, as were Evelyn, Elerra, Lazuli and my friends and allies.

I sniffled once more before pushing myself away from the woman. "I'm... I'm sorry..."

"No, no need to be sorry, my child. I have longed for this chance to meet you. I am only sorry that I could not come to you sooner and that it will be longer before you see me again." She leaned forward and kissed my forehead. I felt something... It was new, kind of like a lock breaking and falling open. I wasn't sure what it was, and I didn't have time to figure it out.

Since I've found magic something has been fundamentally different within me, I relate it to a crack in my psyche that changed me completely. It's not just physical look, or his or her personality, or even their history, when I see someone that peaks my interest, I have to have a taste. I have to be a part of that person, to fill myself with them completely if only for a moment. This woman, this strangely familiar stranger, peaked my interest to the max. 

If I knew then what I know now, I probably wouldn't have done what I did next... Maybe.

As the woman started to pull away, I pushed forward. My lips pushed against hers hungrily. Normally I would be able to sense their lust and their desires, with her I couldn't. I wasn't sure if she liked it. Hell, I wasn't sure if I was even kissing well. The lack of magic made it impossible for me to judge anything like I usually would. It scared me how much my magic had directed my own actions. I had apparently taken her by surprise with my kiss. Awkwardly, we stayed like that for a moment before I felt her lips twitch in what I assumed to be a smile.

And then she kissed me back...

I've kissed a lot of beings in my days. I've kissed gods and demons, angels and mortals, beasts that'll give you nightmares; hell I've even kissed nightmares. Each being kisses differently, and then you add magic in the mix. That sense of their power drumming on your subconscious as your skin touches, it adds a little something that mortal humans lack. This being, when she kissed me, I exploded. I moaned against her lips and felt my eyes roll back into my head. My legs got wobbly and I felt a river running between my legs. I pulled back, breathing heavily as I tried to control my body. "Oh, fuck." I heard myself gasped as I looked over the woman. "What the hell?"

The being smiled at me, her shoulders shrugged at my question but she chose not answer it. I realized, somewhere, that I was missing a certain tool between my legs. "YOU ARE AS YOU WERE." Came the answer to my unasked question. I understood the meaning. I had no magic here, meaning that everything I had created with magic was no longer there. I was also naked, a realization that I should have had earlier.

"More." I moaned out as I pushed forward again. My arms wrapped around her and my lips started attacking her hungrily. She responded in kind. Each kiss she planted on my lips I was taken to another level of pleasure I hadn't seen before. Gasping and moaning against her, it felt like a non-stop orgasm, just from a fucking kiss. Gods, I should try to do that to others. 

My hands roamed over her backside as we kissed, tangling in her long black hair as I did so. Eventually she broke the kiss, a knowing smile on her face as I gasped for air as my body shook in bliss. I needed more though. And if time was truly frozen, then I could take what I wanted. Without thinking, I leaned forward. My lips pressed against the perfect skin of her neck. I'd make this woman (or whatever she was) moan out if it's the last fucking thing I ever did. 

The being stayed still as I tasted her skin. I moved my lips around, kissing, licking and biting along her neck using every little thing I've learned from the past few weeks. Nothing. There was no sounds or gasps indicating what I was doing felt pleasant to the woman. I wouldn't let that stop me. I moved my lips down further, kissing along her collar bone, my hands pulling at the interesting dress she wore. Either sensing my need, or simply amused by my animalistic actions, the clothing moved. The dress didn't disappear; it simply changed. A long cut appearing in the middle of it, then the fabric sliding to the sides to reveal her breasts and stomach. 

I had been correct in my assessment of her bust size as my lips wrapped around her nipple. There was still no sounds coming from this being; despite how hard I bit, sucked, and licked, nothing. Immovable object, meet unstoppable force. My eyes flicked up to her, and despite her not making a sound, her face was showing pleasure. Those odd black eyes closed slightly as her mouth opened just a little. So, I was doing something right. Good, because my ego wasn't taking a total hit at this. I worked both breasts, sucking and biting on one while my hand groped for and pinched at the other. 

I felt one of her hands against my head as I worked at her. It pushed at me softly, the hint obvious as I moved lower. I simply floated down, or she floated up, I wasn't sure which. But I was suddenly kissing and licking along her stomach, then her waist. Moving to her hips I slowed my movements down; I took the time to kiss along the area. I wanted to tease, but at the same time, my body wanted to taste. Apparently, the woman did as well, she pushed my head gently down just a little more and my lips pressed against something wet.

I dug in, so to speak. My tongue lashed out hungrily at the bud of her clit. My lips wrapping around it as I sucked and played, my hands gripping her thighs tightly as I worked. Her hands tightened in my hair, pulling me against her as I worked. Still no sounds... So I moved in harder. I pulled my mouth from around her clit and moved lower. I slide my tongue inside her opening and let it explore. I felt her start to push her hips against me, her juices started to spread over my lips and chin.

If this had been anyone else, I would be sure they were close to orgasm. As it stood, I wasn't sure. But damn if she didn't taste delicious. My tongue moved in and out of her as my mouth sucked on her nether lips. I used every trick I knew. I used all the things I could remember that my magic had helped me with to take someone. I reached deep into the back of my mind and used every quiet teaching session from my sexualized demon. Then it happened... the woman gasped. 

That was the only warning I got as her walls twitched against my tongue. The gasp echoed within me, much like her talking had done. It reverberated inside my head as her juices burst out of her. She squirted with enough force to actually sting a little. I kept my tongue embedded inside of her, slurping, licking, and swallowing away happily as I did so.

She pulled me away and then brought me up, our lips once more touching as she kissed me. Again that sensation of orgasm hit me, and my body shook. My own feminine juices were running down my legs unabashedly as our tongues intertwined. 

All good things end, though. And our kiss broke; my breathing was heavy and broken as my body forced itself to calm down. She had a small smile on her full lips, as she looked me over. Her dress going back to how it had been originally before she kissed my cheek softly. "Thank you for that." She said, her lips moving against my cheek as she spoke normally. "Too long has it been. Now, you must go. Return. Save your love."

And then the being was gone, so was the voice in my head and I was falling. I didn't have any idea how I knew that I was falling backwards. There was no scenery around me to tell me, and my body had no resistance, I just knew. I was falling backwards, and my eyes were darting around trying to find something. Then something came into view, a light coming from behind me.

And then came the pain, blinding, debilitating pain. Pain that will haunt my dreams for years to come engulfed all my senses. I couldn't scream, I couldn't move, I couldn't even think correctly. The torment on my senses made nothing else matter besides that. I realize now, it was the laws of Nature fighting against my resurrection. Apparently, dead but not dead is dead enough for the natural laws. 

I fought the pain, tried to reorient myself, to focus on what was around me. My back was against something hard, and cold, so I focused on that. I focused on a feeling that wasn't suffering and latched on. My back, my back was cold. My back was cold and not in pain. I groaned internally. I needed more than just what my back was doing. I needed something else. Keeping the coldness on my back in mind I searched my senses, ignoring that pain and suffering. 
