 IMPORTANT FOREWORD: Readers sensitive or triggered by depictions of "non-consent" (nice euphemism, huh?) may want to give it a pass. This story contains depictions of fantasy sex as an accepted form of combat. It isn't intended to be brutal or especially dark, but it still probably isn't for everyone. While I recognize there are few other problematic tropes, I take this particular trigger seriously. I debated even writing this story, but I'm hoping this is a place where we can either accept that it's just a silly fantasy...or skip it and move on.

I hope that the obvious magical effects and make-believe setting make it obvious that I'm not trying to say anything about the real world or gender roles or whatever. Anyone who actually thinks sex without clear consent is ever okay should go wash their brain out with bleach. This is no argument, only a kinky fantasy story.

Credit where it's due: this is inspired by the sadly defunct "sex warriors" tumblr. The "Single Combat" stories by Narg also deserve some credit/citation for inspiration.

Tags up front: Fantasy, fantasy world, magic, sex magic, sexual battle, ravishment, rough sex, dominance, submission, betrayal, group sex, endless magical fucking, happily ever after.

*****

No shame came from being taken sexually on the battlefield. To conquer a foe by flesh rather than by force of arms was the sweetest of personal victories. Every warrior, man and woman alike, was trained for sexual combat, both as defenders and as aggressors. The gods visibly and irrevocably cursed those who took another by force outside of the bounds of warfare, but within those bounds, the gods explicitly approved. All of the Nine Kingdoms accepted the practice.

The gods had altered the course of war long ago after gifting mankind with enchantments that rendered weapons less lethal. Battle remained dangerous. Deaths still occurred. Blades, hammers and other weapons still inflicted no less pain, but for the most part, the incapacitated would recover. The gods clearly favored this over the bloodbaths of old.

The gods also clearly favored sex as a contest to determine victors and vanquished. It appeared in their sacred texts, but moreover, the signs of their favor were clear on the battlefield. Divine intuition guided challengers away from incompatible mates with unerring accuracy. No one could name a battle of mismatched sexual orientations. Every warrior, man and woman, experienced unmistakable arousal at the onset of battle. Men grew hard and erect. Women grew wet. The condition alone led many to look forward to combat, as the likelihood of death or permanent injury was low while the rush of battle aroused the body. It was also widely agreed that sex in battle brought—and inflicted—great pleasure...though it was always a grave risk.

Battle was still dangerous. Deaths still occurred. Violence still left its mark. Sexual conflict carried dangers of a different sort, yet no less grave: mind-bending pleasure could render a defeated foe a virtual slave, ending their career as warriors as surely as if they were maimed or their spirits broken. Even victory could become problematic; some could become so addicted to the rush that it affected their judgment on the battlefield, leading to other catastrophic consequences.

To take or be taken on the field was no shame, as long as one did not submit. Whether by the sword or by flesh, glory and shame came from victory or defeat. Battle always had its shifting tides, where a failed ploy or a lost exchange could still turn into a victory in the end. Sex was the same, and in fact more of a gamble, as the upper hand could quickly turn into defeat and the superior swordsman might find himself the lesser partner in a coupling.

Thus it was that when Sheena was taken in only her third time in battle, she felt all the same heightened emotions of the fight, yet berated herself no more than she would for a failed shot with a bow or a missed swing of her blade. The fight was not over.

It happened in daylight, with her squad sent to guard the far right flank of the main army of Acruviel that held off the invading raiders from Kemet. The attack came suddenly, taking advantage of the trees that separated her group from the main body. The raiders had marginally superior numbers, but more importantly they enjoyed the element of surprise. Before she knew it, half of her comrades were down.

She was young, clever, and brave, still inexperienced but widely recognized for her talent and her ferocity. She was also tall, lithe, shapely and beautiful, with long brown hair and enchanting eyes. Rather than relying on her beauty or charm to get through life, she chose the way of the warrior to serve her queen of Acruviel and the gods.

She was excellent in battle, too. She had to be in order to make up for her side's losses as quickly as she did, turning a sudden ambush into an even contest, and then making up for lost ground against the enemy. Her comrades who withstood the initial moments even proved their mettle by putting down one or two opponents before falling to the weight of numbers. Sheena cut through six veteran raiders by herself, leaving four men and two women in the grass.

The final exchanges before she was taken came in a face-off against the remaining three, all of them men, after all of her allies were unconscious or too wracked with the pain of temporary injuries to move.

The raider in the middle was good with his blade. He was a young warrior, strong and lean and quick. He alone managed to stand against Sheena's prowess without the aid of others. Yet every warrior had their limits in both luck and endurance. Sheena did not assume any victory. She weighed her chances, understood that the young one in the middle was more dangerous than the burlier veterans coming to his aid on the left and right, and met their attack accordingly.

They rushed in together, of course. Sheena blocked the one with the axe on her left using her shield, slamming it into his shield in turn but pushing upward at an angle that let her slam hers up into his jaw. As he went down, Sheena swept out broadly with her sword. Her single swing knocked away the younger raider's helmet and ended with her blade planted between the shoulder and neck of the other raider furthest to her right.

Her ploy went perfectly, and also horribly awry.

Her shield locked upon her first victim's, jagged decorations hooking onto one another. His great weight tore the protection from Sheena's arm as he fell. The one on her right sank to his knees, screaming in agony, with the blade stuck fast in his flesh and in his collarbone. Enchantments on her sword prevented permanent injury, and thus he would recover in weeks, but an impaled man was still impaled.

She wrenched the blade out hard, only for it to come against her remaining enemy's sword—and snap in half at the hilt. A result less about skill or strength than luck, as even he lost his grip on his blade, but the results were still much worse for Sheena. She was off-balance and unarmed, with the force of the impact running through her right forearm and leaving it momentarily numb.

She caught a single, fleeting glimpse of her remaining opponent as they both tried to recover. He was a handsome young man, perhaps even her age, though she hardly gave that any thought at all. A recognition along the lines of identifying a color or telling a bird from a tree. Nothing more. Her mind was on the battle, and on recovering.

The raider regained his balance and footing too soon. He tackled her as she tried to back up and spun her around onto her knees, facing away from him. He'd dropped his shield before she knew it, pushing her head down with one hand clenching her hair.

His other hand unfastened the buckle that held her mail skirt in place with incredibly deft fingers. The implications were obvious.

With her right wrist still smarting and numb, she could only fight with her left hand. It made for a poor defense. She could not stop him from tearing away her undergarment with a single jerk. Her attempts to escape through shifting on her knees availed her little as he quickly countered with his own legs.

The struggle lasted only seconds, but already she heard the shuffle and metallic clink that surely signaled the freeing of his erection. With that, he caught her free hand with his and bent her head forward again.

"You know you cannot defeat me standing up," she growled. "And you've barely got me now."

"I know all too well," he admitted. "You're amazing." Something in his voice spoke to both humility and courage. In an ally, she might have liked it. In an enemy, she cared little.

It all happened so fast. His knees came between hers in the short grass, the hand on her head forced her down again more out of surprise than overwhelming strength...and then he speared her.

Everything changed.

The penetration of her wet flesh stole her breath. She heard him grunt, but suddenly the sounds of the ongoing battle only a long bowshot away faded. Her entire body trembled, overwhelmed with incredible pleasure forced into her through her cunt, reverberating up through her shoulders and down into her limbs and her throat.

The fullness inside her stole the strength from her arms and legs. It then withdrew halfway in an instant that once more shocked her with sensual reactions and an unbidden, unwilling fear that his cock might not return, and then that cock thrust into her once more, filling her with ecstasy and a very different sort of fear.

Warrior cults did not begin sexual training of initiates until the entire cohort reached the age of eighteen. That time, three years ago now for Sheena, had been wonderful. The first weeks were more a reward than anything else, allowing everyone to simply enjoy and grow accustomed to the sensual capacities of the body and to work out crushes and other attractions amid comrades. Pairings moved on to more dedicated training, though they still remained filled with delights. Sheena was blessed—utterly blessed—to have the beautiful high priestess and champion warrior Laurala as a bedmate and mentor several times.

In the last two years since that initial training, Sheena had sex many times, with many fit, robust men and a handful of women. She did so to train for sexual combat, and she did so simply for fun. Sexual liberation was one of the great rewards of being a warrior—never flaunted outside the cults, but still a known benefit. Lovely as she was, Sheena found herself frequently propositioned, and while she turned down far more invitations than she accepted, she was no novice to sex.

This, however, drowned out all of her previous experiences with men. Her enemy's first thrusts alone, without foreplay or flirtation, gave her greater pleasure than any climax she'd ever achieved. Her body rapidly climbed toward orgasm as his thrusts continued...and her ass bucked back to meet and welcome his invasion.

Sexual combat was dangerous not for social stigma or danger to life and limb, but for the consequences of defeat. The vanquished often became addicted to their conqueror and then taken as thralls, virtual slaves controlled through pleasure and need rather than force.

By custom, little was said in Acruviel about thralls taken through sexual combat. Sexual training of a cohort aside, religion and Acruviel's social norms held that sexual relationships of any sort were generally private matters. As thralls were already inherent status symbols, captains and nobles enforced a greater rule of privacy to prevent envy and disunion within the army and the warrior cults. No one had to hide the fact that they had won thralls, and indeed such a glorious achievement was always celebrated...but with discretion and carefully-chosen words.

Defeat could turn a warrior into a virtual slave. Victory could be dangerous, too, as some warriors grew so addicted to such sensual intensity as to take ridiculous risks to achieve it again. Sheena now viscerally understood why.

Her opponent felt it, too. She heard it in his grunts and felt it in the tremor of his breath and his limbs.

She had two options: to continue this contest, or try to escape. He was stronger than she, and clearly an excellent wrestler, but not overwhelming on either account. She had faith in her skills. Weapons lay not far away. She could definitely beat him in a contest of arms. No certainty, of course, but she knew she would hold an advantage.

He fucked her harder. Desperately. Overpowering waves of sensual energy rippled from the invasion of the cock that possessed her. She slammed back again, tightening her muscles the way she'd been taught and trying to focus her mind in resistance—which, damn it, somehow made it all even better—and closed her eyes.

He let go of her wrist to unfasten the clasps under her arm that held her leather armor in place around her chest and back. As with his previous such moves, it happened with impossible ease, as if this was ordained by the gods. She didn't stop him. Instead, she reached back, snatched his hair and pulled him closer when she felt that free hand clutch her full, pert breast. The hand in her hair let go to do the same to clasps on her other side. Again, she didn't resist. She couldn't.

Only one option, she understood. Escape was possible, perhaps even favoring her, but she simply could not escape this.

They fucked. Surely it did not last hours, though the time seemed endless. Both of them shook and gasped, moaned together and rutted with near abandon. The battle quickly established an unthinking cooperation between the pair. When one shifted, just a little here or there to keep balance or relieve weight or, unbelievably, make their coupling better, the other cooperated. Occasionally, Sheena's eyes fluttered open again or she could hear the dull roar of battle elsewhere, but her focus remained on resisting and winning the contest. Her body seemed intent on betraying her to undeniable pleasure.

Their breath quickened. His thrusts sped up and grew more powerful, too, at exactly the worst time. Sheena felt a tremor run through her core and then out around her groin. Her thighs shook and her pussy clenched and erupted with further wetness as she came.

She felt a tinge of fear amid the throbbing ecstasy that drowned her body from the inside out, not sure where this would end or lead. Still, as her throes subsided, she became aware of other things: she still had her mind; her opponent had cried out and stilled his thrusts nearly in tandem with her breakdown; and she was sure she could feel the rush of fluid pumping inside her.

Her orgasm was a bad sign in the contest, a clear signal of weakening resolve and control, but her mate had it just as bad. This was not over. That knowledge spurred her spirits in more than one way.

Then he kissed her neck. Softly. Affectionately. Such a simple act, yet it sent her focus reeling and renewed every bit of sensitivity to their contact. "Surrender to me," he...offered?

That voice again. So sweet. Those hands clutching her breasts without mauling or scratching with his nails. He hadn't beaten her, but he'd survived her onslaught, certainly, and showed his courage. His cock filled her with glorious, alarming pleasure, and now this?

"No," she breathed out, though it took an effort of will. She slammed her ass against his hips again, squeezing that cock once more with muscles she'd deliberately trained for years and a slickness that would not abate. She heard an unwilling groan in his voice, and so she did it again, and again. She could still win this.

"Brendon!" called out a voice.

"Over here!" her opponent gasped, then yelled it again, still fucking her.

"Lord Marcus! Come quickly!" yelled another voice from back behind her and her mate. "Look at this!"

Real fear ran through Sheena. She'd hoped to hold him, and therefore hold the position, until she triumphed or until help came. This was bad. Help came to him first...and damn it, even the fear somehow made her shudder deliciously while she heard rushing footsteps and the rustle of armor and weapons among multiple soldiers. This was very bad.

It got worse as a large, muscular raider stepped around to her front. He was bigger than her opponent—Brendon, apparently—and more muscular, with his dark hair pulled back and an aura of overwhelming strength blended with regal bearing.

"By the gods," he growled, looking around at the field. He quickly surmised what had happened. "She did most of this? Even the captains are down!"

They kept fucking. Even the presence of witnesses couldn't break them from the need to finish this, one way or another, though now Sheena's heart pounded with an all new fear...and an all new arousal. In her heightened, sexualized state, her biology could not help but respond to the presence of this clearly superior specimen. "She's a beauty," Marcus remarked, mostly to himself, though again her body seemed flooded anew despite her complete engagement.

"Kept...the way...open...for you," Brendon grunted.

"No," said Marcus. "Remember why we came. This is more important. But let's finish it quickly." He gestured to the other raiders around him. "Form a perimeter," the leader of the raiders said as he unfastened the belt that held the mail around his waist.

"But my lord!" someone protested. "The main body—"

"Remember why we came," Marcus repeated.

Sheena tried to hang on. The ecstasy continued assaulting her, her body slipped further and further into betrayal...and then before her was Lord Marcus's huge, powerful cock. She'd never seen one so large, not among any of the warriors of her cohort or their trainers. Brendon was already bigger than anyone she'd ever had, but this...

Gods, she thought, every time I think I could not be more aroused—!

Ordinarily, it was foolish to offer an opponent the chance to give oral favors without somehow countering, but this was no ordinary situation, and Lord Marcus was no ordinary man. His masculinity and his confidence only proved once again that no matter how aroused and sensitive she'd already become, she could be pushed further. The first moments of coupling with Brendon shattered past her limits. Now she wondered if she even had limits at all.

Her body felt less like that of a warrior and more like that of a sensitive vessel born to be taken, yet somehow her spirit held on. She would meet this challenge bravely, even knowing that two such specimens would doubtlessly overwhelm her.

Sheena opened her mouth for the warlord of the raiders of Kemet and accepted his cock without resistance. She placed one hand on his hip and stroked his shaft with the other while the assault on her cunt continued. Marcus's masculine scent intoxicated her all anew, but she resolved to hang on as long as she could. For several minutes, she managed it.

"You'll be a fine thrall, girl," said Marcus, clearly enjoying her attempt to finish him off. It was her only real chance, though it inevitably only gave him great pleasure. He didn't look like one release would drain him. "Nnngh, good gods, you're good at this. Your mouth is amazing."

Her resolve began to crumble with his words of approval and the first taste of his pre-cum. She felt a new warning tremor in her cunt. She would be lost, she knew. She'd held out as long as she could.

"That's it," said Marcus, hearing her whimpers. "Give in to all this cock. You'll be our finest trophy yet in—"

Suddenly, Marcus withdrew. She heard screams and shouts. Sheena slumped forward onto her hands, still on her knees for Brendon, though even he stopped thrusting. She heard the rush and thunk of arrows and cries of pain. Brendon scrambled away...yet even then, he didn't push her or knock her over.

The enemy fled, or at least those who still stood. Friendlier warriors rushed over, quickly checking on the fallen and especially Sheena. Her body still throbbed and trembled, finally releasing its hold on the orgasms that she could now experience freely without losing herself to the enemy.
