 The Captain was upset. The east division had reported that they had lost several agents. Looking over the reports again, he knew that it was the work of the doctor's group. Sighing he picked up the phone calling for Tahir. This was only two days after Tahir had eliminated the group's four main energy wave protectors. Tahir had started looking at all the twelve seer posts. The way he figured it, if their boss wanted to take him out, then he'd have to get someone closer.

He had started by looking through all the seers here first. He knew that Tina and Kim were safe. After the darker thoughts of the Director, he knew to put his shield up more when he went in. Helena he wasn't sure of, he hadn't found anything per say, but there were areas she could hide things in, if she had been trained. The other eleven posts were almost completely clean though in the one, a half mile away, he had found one more he wasn't sure of. It was obvious that the boss of the doctor's group didn't really know what he could do; Tahir was glad and started to do all he could to keep it that way.

Walking into the Captain's office he saw the grim look on his face. "We lost several agents in our eastern region; the most were in the city where you saw their boss. We aren't sure if they were captured, killed or both."

"Ok, so what do you want me to do?" Tahir said as he started to look through the many reports on the desk.

"We need to capture them, (if possible) find out where the agents are, and then come up with a plan." The Captain said as he looked at Tahir.

"Ok give me a sec," concentrating, he was where the agent had been in the report; he followed him for an hour.

Then Tahir saw him attacked and who it was. Following them he saw the agent tortured, and then he was killed by energy waves.

Growling Tahir began to reach out; the Captain had called his security and interrogator. Within a minute the man that had attacked the agent was there, in front of Tahir, frozen unable to move.

Pissed off Tahir reached in and ripped every ability the man had out. Screaming the man's ears began to leak blood. The Captain smiled, this torture was far more effective than any his men could do.

"I want to know why you killed him, don't deny it, I saw and if I don't like what I

hear, the pain you just felt from the loss of ALL your abilities will be nothing." Tahir growled into the face of the wide eyed man.

For the next three hours the man revealed every plan, every plot, everything he had heard. Tahir had to watch his temper, at the moment he was boiling mad and he knew that the man would be dead if he lost it.

With each location that the man revealed where an agent had been taken, Tahir looked, not finding anything. The first half held none that was, then Tahir saw an agent about to be killed and pulled him there in just a few seconds. Leaving the agent there Tahir bounced all the waves back at the men, as it hit each he smiled while their skin began to flay off their bodies, all the while heating up, their skin charring, all four of them began to scream at the top of their lungs. Several people ran in to see what was going on, were also caught in the blast of energy. Ignoring everything he just watched them all die, Afterward he made sure all ten were dead before he pulled back to the Captain's office.

The Captain had taken the returned agent to the infirmary, Tahir waited for the next location. The man was breathing heavy, still not believing that all his abilities were gone.

Reaching out Tahir spoke, "I'm waiting!" the man began to babble Tahir slapped him, the man staring at him with extreme hatred.

"You'll never stop us! The leader will ... AAAAAAAAAA!!" he screamed, as Tahir twisted his arms and pushed at all his pain centers, at the same time.

"Now as I said I am waiting!" Tahir shouted in his face. Again, he started telling places agents were taken to. Finally, when the man stopped talking Tahir had rescued ten of the thirty missing agents, had watched at least forty people die, and had hardened his heart to the point that he wasn't feeling anything but pain and rage.

Tina walked up to Tahir and grabbed his hand, "Mr. Tahir?" she started in her small, innocent, little girl's voice, "Are you ok? I was worried about you when you got angry. You felt so bad I was afraid that you were going to go away like mommy did" The tears were welling up in her eyes; Tahir looked at her and realized that she was right.

He had almost lost his self to the anger. Shaking, he took a deep, calming breath.

"I wasn't Tina, but thanks to you I am now," bending down he hugged her close feeling her tears falling on his shoulder.

"Please, don't go away you have treated me like a person, you have helped me to understand. Thank you so much!" With that she kissed him on the cheek, giggled and danced away.

Kim walked up and threw her arms around him, "You scared the shit out of me! I could feel your anger also. It was thick like a fog, so dark and deep. I wasn't sure you were going to come back."

She too, began to cry holding him as close as she could; Tahir was actually struggling to breathe. Wrapping his arms around her, he kissed her slightly longer than he felt he should have. He did have her and Tina to thank, for bringing him back from the edge.

"I'm sorry that I worried you, I was so caught up in the moment and so angry, these people have so little regard for life. I just have to remember that there are now, people that care about me," almost in a whisper, "and who I care about."

Kim couldn't believe what she had heard, he cared about her? She was nothing compared to him! "Wait, you care about me? But why, I am just a simple woman trying to make heads or tails of this life I have now? It's true you have helped me to understand a lot more now..." her mouth gaped open, "do you have feelings for me?"

Tahir blushed a little, thinking he just might, not sure what feelings he had but they were there. "I... " he started, "I can't explain, I can show you but I can't explain" with that he reached out to her letting all that he was feeling flow out of him to her.

Kim was suddenly a wash with emotions. She felt love on a level she never had before, the thing was, she wasn't sure what type of love it was. Her heart soared! She didn't give a shit if it was brotherly love. It was love! It was directed at her and Tina, it was wondrous.

"Tahir!!" she cried when he released her, "that was the most wonderful thing I have ever felt! Was all that for me and Tina?" incredulously she stared at him.

Blushing again he looked deep into her eyes, "You were the first truly honest person I met, in almost my entire life. For that I will always respect you. I have been in your mind and seen almost everything, this you allowed me to do with no fear." he took a breath not sure how to continue, "I, as you felt, have feelings for you, I am not sure exactly what they are but I know that they are there." Kim's face was beaming, she didn't care what he said she had felt love and that, for now was good enough for her.

Reaching up she pulled his face to hers and kissed him as deeply and passionately as she could. She didn't care who saw all she knew was that there was someone who FINALLY loved and cared for her. Tahir was blushing a deep crimson color; he definitely wasn't used to such displays of public affection.

The leader walked through the carnage and destruction, that son of a bitch Tahir had caused. forty one of some of his best people gone! (Tahir had missed one in a back room) That cock sucking, son of a bitch needed to die!

Everyone backed away as he sifted through everything. The doctor walked in with Natsha a moment later.

Growling the leader looked at the doctor, "Tell me that you are ready to proceed! Tell me you are ready to kill this American pig, son of a bitch!"

Shaking slightly the doctor stepped closer, "she's in place now, it shouldn't be too long now, she has never missed and never failed. She shouldn't be suspected. I conditioned her for almost a year, back when her family lived here in this city before they moved out west."

The leader laughed, finally something was going right! With any luck, this ass hole would be very dead, very soon! Walking out the leader thought of the bitch he had tied up back at his place. His cock throbbed, his thoughts much darker now, he thought of the fun he was about to have.

Appearing in his rundown apartment, he heard the woman's muffled screams. Smiling he began taking off his clothes. His five inch cock sprang to life. The woman's eyes grew large, and then she started to chuckle a little. With that he could screw her all day and she'd be lucky to feel it at all.

The leader's eyes narrowed to angry slits, Laugh at him!? Why you little bitch! He slapped her across her face, the pain evident from her grunt and muffled scream. Laughing sarcastically, he grabbed her legs, ripped them apart and jammed his cock in her slit.

Her eyes grew large; his cock was actually growing in her! It was getting longer; it felt like it was already past her cervix! The girth was filling her to almost bursting. The leader laughed at her pain, he could already feel her mind slipping.

Ah! The useless whoring bitch would finally be of good use. The pain was getting worse, she could hardly breathe what was this fucker doing to her? Again the leader laughed at her, her eyes starting to close, he could feel her brain begin to slip slowly from her skull. Suddenly her eyes flew open and she opened her mouth to scream. Nothing came out, and then she noticed the blood, her blood! Oh god! She was dying! The last thing she heard was the leader laughing at her, and then there was a loud sucking noise.

Ramming his cock as deep as he could, he orgasmed, her brains sucked out into him. Ah! good! He felt refreshed now. At least these worthless American women were good for something!

The doctor looked at Natasha, "that went better than I thought it would, at least he didn't feel the need to punish us," breathing another sigh of relief he reached into a pocket, pulling out a cell phone he hit re-dial and walked away.

Natasha surveyed the room; Tahir was getting extremely strong now. She had heard of the encounter Tahir had with the leader. This, she looked at the charred bodies; he had done using their own abilities against them. The leader was the only one she knew that could do that but she wasn't sure if even he could have done this. Smiling she thought of the last time they had met, now she owed him two and she wasn't sure quite how she could pay him back.

The next day Tahir was examining as gently as he could, the 2 people that he had doubts about. He now knew that the doctor's group had someone here now and they were trying to get close to him. Sifting through almost everything in Helena's mind he saw no malice toward him. Next he turned his attention toward the other. The sifting on this one was a little more difficult. It seemed that the deeper he went, the more secrets he found. Apparently this man was an ex CIA agent.

Finally after two hours of going through everything in his head, Tahir was satisfied that he was clear. Sighing, he didn't know who to look at now. Tina was walking by about that time he looked at her expecting her to try and hug him. Strangely she walked by ignoring him completely. Concerned he reached for her feeling her new defenses kick in. Smiling he side stepped them, what he found shocked him. Tina turned toward him pulling a gun; she began to fire at him. Shocked again Tahir almost didn't get his shield up in time. All six bullets stopped short and fell to the floor.

Tahir reached out to her and she froze her eyes wide. Tahir reached in her mind finding the alternate personality. He felt the little girl scream, when he began to slowly destroy the other in her mind.

[Captain, I found the assassin I am destroying them now.] He felt the shock from the Captain when he had touched his mind with the message.

The alternate personality wasn't about to die quietly, Tahir had already isolated it from Tina's personality.

When it was almost dead it spoke to him, [you may have killed me, but they know that you have a love now! You may have strengthened her but there are still many stronger. Enjoy her while you can] laughing, it screamed, and then it was gone.

Rushing forward he caught Tina before she hit the floor. The Captain came rushing up also, a questioning look on his face.

"I thought you had the assassin!" he questioned.

"I did," replied Tahir, "the assassin was IN her, and apparently she was programed over a year ago."

The Captain's mouth hung open, "Damn it! the doctor! I never connected those two, back then, he went by another name! Tahir! We need to go over everyone again that was even near the city that the doctor was in."

"I agree, I will start tomorrow, right now we need to get her to bed. Destroying the other personality took a lot out of me. She will need to rest and recover her energy. I destroyed it but I will need to make sure it is truly gone."

The Captain nodded his head and cradled his daughter to his chest. He had almost lost her once not again, he hoped to god that Tahir had destroyed it. Waking the next day in bed, Tahir felt for Tina. She was still asleep good her energy was almost back to where it should be. Looking deep into her mind he saw that indeed, the other personality was gone, he also saw the terror she had gone through, when the other had taken over.

Sitting up his anger started to grow, reaching out, and his mind flew across the miles. Finding the doctor he went in to watch as gently as he could.

"It shouldn't be long now, she should call soon to tell us or we'll hear of the death of Tahir." Laughing he looked at Natasha, "Keep all lines of communication open, as soon as we hear, the leader is to be told,"

Tahir growled and pushed Natasha to the floor pinning her there, grabbing the doctor he jammed him against the wall knocking the wind out of him.

"You!" he screamed, his rage a wave of heat that the doctor felt, almost searing his skin. "Last time I just hurt you, this time, I should KILL YOU!"

The doctor swallowed hard, oh shit! He opened his mouth to speak but found that he couldn't get his vocal cords to work. Natasha seeing this, spoke up, "don't kill him! it wasn't his idea!" Natsha said as Tahir lifted her up the wall.

In his rage he barely heard her, his extended hands starting to crush the doctor's throat he was past the point of caring. Natasha knew if she didn't get through to him the doctor was dead, she could already hear him starting to choke and gasp for breath. 

"Pozhaluysta. ne ubivayte yego" (Please don't kill him) This snapped Tahir out of his rage long enough to drop the now unconscious doctor on the floor. "Spasibo," (thank you) she breathed out.

"You warn him, you warn him good, I am through playing. I will kill him next time" he growled at her, "I am deadly serious"

With that he was gone again, Natasha dropping the two feet to the floor with a thud. Again crawling over to the doctor she started to heal him again. Sighing, it seemed that was the one thing she did the most now.

Tahir came to in his room the rage still fresh in his mind. Calling for Kim he waited, trying to calm down. There was movement by the door, looking up Kim walked in the naked wearing a huge smile. Staring at her naked body, Tahir started to calm and smile my, my, my, nice! It was starting out to be a good day after all!