 Tahir was worried now. He had been searching almost all day. Still he had searched until he had run out of options. Thinking for only a minute he reached out and found Helena. Pulling, she was suddenly there next to him. Screaming at him, she tried to desperately escape screaming that she had to save her daughters.

Intrigued, Tahir, listened as she explained why she had done what she had and why. Believing her, he touched her arm and they were back in the east waiting for the man who had contacted her. Looking first pissed, then shocked when he couldn't move, Tahir reached deep into his mind. Finding that he indeed had Helena's daughter, he snapped all the man's abilities, leaving him there as Tahir took her hand.

Appearing in a small warehouse, Helena stayed where Tahir put her. Walking out he began to stun and strip the three men of their abilities. Reaching the small office he pulled and the girl and the last man were before him.

Grabbing the last man by the shirt Tahir asked, "Where is the other girl being held?"

He snarled into the man's face.

The last man began to laugh, till Tahir reached in his mind and began to cause extreme pain.

Reuniting mother and daughter, he told her he knew where the other girl was, letting the other man's body slump to the ground. Searching the area, he found that he couldn't find her. It appeared that she was in an old, refrigerated meat factory. After a few minutes Tahir thought of an idea, reaching out he listened for a slower heartbeat, praying that he was right. Appearing in the office, the man watching the little girl was shocked when he found that he couldn't move.

Leaving the man there stripped of his abilities; Tahir knew that his friends would take care of him. Still, he was glad that there was no new news of Kim having been captured. Grasping Helena's hand, he pulled and they were back in the west office. Both girls screamed when the guards pointed guns at the group. Explaining after the captain walked up, they were allowed to go to her old room but were told that they had to stay there.

Reaching out again, Tahir started searching in an ever widening circle away from the airport. The problem with his plan was that it would have been perfect, had Kim not been captured a few hours before. Shaking, she wondered where in the hell they had taken her, it was frigid cold here, almost like a cooler. The leader smiled an evil and wicked smile; at last he'd have the edge on that bastard ass Tahir! He wrung his hands in joy; oh he was going to enjoy fucking the shit out of this one!

Drawing nearer he felt her defenses snap up, what the hell!? No one told him that she was this strong, hhhmmmmmmmm this might be a problem. Kim felt what she could only describe as pure evil approach, a strong, thick, slimy wave of energy swept over her making her shiver and shrink away. Again she tried to contact Tahir damn it! Where the fuck was he? He had never let her down before.

Tahir was almost out of hope when he felt the first twinge of Kim. Reaching as hard as he could he still only felt a twinge but he was sure that it was Kim. It wasn't all that strong but he was certain it was her ... Listening, he heard her heart beat, then he heard it start to beat faster, there was another there. Kim felt him getting closer she had her defenses up as high as she could get them like Tahir had shown her.

Calming herself she concentrated, that was when she felt the man start to falter, then she felt the rise of his anger as he turned and walked away. The leader wasn't about to let that little bitch get away from him, her energy was way too tempting for him to pass up. Damn it! She was almost as strong as Natasha, shaking he thought that was one bitch he wasn't about to tangle with. She might not be as strong as Tahir but she had enough experience that she'd probably screw his whole damn day up.

Ordering several men into the room, he had Kim brought out and stripped. AH! Lovely he was definitely going to enjoy fucking this one's brains out. Struggling to get loose, Kim kept her defenses high as the strange small man looked over her body. From what she was feeling, she was about to vomit, the pure evil oozing from him was literally making her sick. It wasn't until the others left and the strange man removed his clothes that she started to snicker. His mouth dropping open he couldn't believe that the little bitch was laughing at him!

That was it! Pushing his power up as far as he could, he felt her hang on, growling he began to push even harder. Kim was at her extreme limit now but kept pushing back as hard as she could. Kim was afraid that she wasn't going to make it, the strange; little dicked man was starting to overpower her.

Laughing as he felt her abilities start to falter from his, he once again felt powerful as he settled between her legs and tried to cram his little cock in her hole. He was about to lunge forward and shove his now lengthening and hardening cock through her cervix, when he heard the explosion from outside. It wasn't the explosion as much as the blood curdling screams that were heard that caused him to stop.

Damn it to hell! Wasn't there anyone that could keep this shit head away from him while he got a little? He could definitely tell it was Tahir, though for some reason he felt different his time. Withdrawing all the way (Kim breathed a sigh of relief) he was starting to get dressed when the whole wall blew out next to him, pushing through it also contained the remains of about fifteen of his men. Looking back the sight almost made his heart stop.

Tahir finally found her but something or one was in the way he couldn't just bring her back he'd have to go there. Preparing to leave he felt Kim's distress begin to climb higher that as when the cold cleared and he saw the leader trying to rape Kim. With a primal roar his anger reaching new heights, Tahir appeared in front of the building Kim was in. Releasing a huge wave of searing energy, within two minutes there were only dead and dying left.

Rounding a corner fifteen men stepped out to attempt to stop him, with a nod and a growl they were shredded and blown through the wall. Walking nearer Tahir felt Kim's fears start to ease but not quite enough to calm him all that much. Walking into the room what he saw enraged him further. The Leader had never seen anyone's eyes glow before, he wasn't sure if this was Tahir or just a bad dream.

Tahir saw just how close he had been to losing Kim, she was spread eagled tied to the bed, her hole was slightly stretched but she was alive. Looking at her bonds they were just as easily dispensed with. Turning his attention towards the leader he almost whispered, "Ar trebui sa te omor pe loc" (I should kill you where you stand)

"Nu aveti curajul"(you don't have the balls) the leader sneered.

Tahir reached out with two fingers and with a snipping motion cut the leaders balls off."acum, nici tu," (Now neither do you.)

Tahir gathered a now unconscious Kim into his arms and vanished amid the screaming and cursing. Natasha had only just arrived when she heard the leader start. screaming. Shaking her head she thought the imbecile will learn one day not to fuck with Tahir.

Having two men wrap the leader in a blanket, she directed them to the van and away to the doctor's lab. Sighing, she had missed Tahir again, maybe it was for the best he never finished her when he was nearby and that above anything else was the most frustrating of all. Loading everything up, they headed back to the city and the doctor's lab. Once they were on the way Natasha started the healing process which finally relieved some of the pain of the leader.

Arriving back at the west base Tahir gave Kim to the nurses and doctors and refused to leave her side. Knowing of his abilities no one even tried to argue with him. When he was finally satisfied that she was out of danger he went to report to the Captain. Roberts couldn't believe what Tahir told him (Though he did have to smile at Tahir's words)

The Captain was sure that this wasn't the end of this war, he had known leaders like this before and he knew that he'd come back madder than before. Sighing, he wished that Tahir had finished him off. Thanking Tahir again he went to check on his daughter. Tahir walked back to the infirmary, hoping that Kim was really ok. He was also hoping that she could forgive him.

Walking in he found that she had already awoken and had been waiting on him.

"Hello Kim, feeling better?" he asked prepared for the tirade that he was sure to follow.

"I am extremely better now thanks to you" she replied a wide smile playing across her lips.

"Kim hon, I am sorry I wasn't there in time to stop him from violating you" Tahir felt ashamed as he hung his head.

Kim started laughing here she was afraid that she had disappointed him, he was feeling ashamed that he hadn't been there as early as he felt he should have been.

"He didn't violate me, not with that little dick that he had, hell what he had he barely got in" she replied hint of laughter in her voice. "Besides I am afraid that he will never measure up to you" Kim said a sexy smile playing across her face.

Back on the east coast the leader was quickly recovering, though his balls would take many months to grow back he was in far better shape than he had then night before. The doctor was already busy gathering more people for the army. Had it not been for Tahir before he felt sure that they would have won. "Doctor!" the leader called.

"Yes sir, leader" the doctor said walking up about the time that he had called.

"We need another plan, we have seriously underestimated Tahir" the leader said his mind already trying to find something to defeat Tahir.

"Leader," the doctor started, "I have been working on a way to destroy abilities. The thing is that it isn't near finished."

"Do you think it would work on him? At this point I am willing to try almost anything," the leader replied starting to like the sound of this.

"I am afraid that it isn't tested and the potential to wipe out all the abilities of everyone nearby is a possibility" the doctor was almost as afraid of this as he was of the leader.

"How soon before we can have a test?" the leader inquired.

"I think I can in a week but every precaution has to be taken, we don't want half the troops wiped out before they can fight." The Doctor replied.

The leader didn't really care, as long as they took out that Tahir bastard. He owed Tahir for taking the tastiest snack he had ever had in front of him plus the fact that he cut his balls off. No there was no way that the leader was ever going to let that American pig live after this.

"Alright doctor you set it up but I'm only giving you a week, after that safe or not, if it works like you say I want it in the field." The leader said a sick demented smile creeping across his face, "After all we owe that son of a bitch so much."

Leaving the leader the doctor knew he might be on to something, the thing was that all the research was back in his old office and as far as he knew, it was watched day and night. Thinking on it for over an hour, he finally called Natasha.

"Natasha, do you remember the research we were doing, in the possible removing of abilities?" the doctor started.

"Yes and as I recall, not only were you nearly killed, you came very close to losing your own abilities" Natasha sighed she could almost see where this was going.

"We need the research, the leader's orders, I am to develop a weapon to use against Tahir." The Doctor said.

Natasha could only smile as long as it dealt with Tahir she was in. "Ok doctor, what would you have me to do?"

"I need you to break back in the underground tunnels, recover the research" the doctor started.

"Seems simple enough, what's the catch?" she asked an odd look on the doctor's face had a feeling of dread creeping up her spine.

"I don't know if you remember but it's in the same room I used to store the awakening radiation rods" he said matter of factly.

"So you are saying," she started, "that I could get a second more fatal dose of the radiation?" the doctor just nodded,

"Ok I'm in, bedsides in three of ten cases the subject showed increased abilities not death after a second dose." Smiling sweetly at him she departed for the tunnels thinking again of Tahir.

Making her way through the old sewer drains, she neared her destination. As far as she knew, this was the only entrance, exit that they hadn't found yet. Creeping along and reaching to see who was there she could tell that there was hardly anyone here, that was odd 'til she almost turned a corner right in full view of 3 security cameras. Humph! Well that changes things just a bit. Looking as deep as she could at the operator she found his sleep potential area and set to work on him.

Within just a few minutes he was asleep and she had him shut off all the motion and heat sensors before she proceeded. Nearing the room she pulled a small needle from her pocket and injected it in her arm. Walking through the old radiation room brought many memories as she quickly made her way to the secret file room. Retrieving what she came for she was about half way back when the residual radiation left there hit her.

Trying not to stop she could feel it creeping up her limbs only slight heat right now but in only three minutes she knew she had to be out or she'd never leave. She was at the last opening to leave the building when it hit full force, oh great she thought I'm going to die here and no one will ever know. Getting into the opening was no problem, that is till her head started to feel like it was splitting apart. Crawling as fast as she could she made her way back out and started to limp down the street.

She was half way to the doctor's new place when the pounding in her head hit a new high. Sitting down on a bench she wished she was home right now in bed that way the pain could go away. Looking up a minute later she found she was sitting on the edge of her bed. Trying to close her shocked mouth she finally felt that she had a connection with Tahir, laying back she tried to will the pain away. Each time she was transported to a different place. It was never more than ten blocks but it was still faster than anything she had ever done. Smiling, she wondered if there were any other abilities she didn't know about yet.

Looking at the folder in her hand she just sat there letting the abilities soak in still unsure how far she could travel, she thought of a little restaurant she had visited before. As she vanished it was slow at first but after a minute she was on her way, five minutes later she was there she was also exhausted. She guessed she was pushing it a little too much today.

Taking a cab back to the doctor's she began to feel better except for the headache. Nearing his place she was suddenly aware of almost all the men that were on the grounds, hhhmmmm this was interesting quite a few of them were gay and they thought she was too, not too surprising as that was the image she wanted to portray. She was still thinking of a cover story for her headache when she walked squarely into the gate raising a small knot on her head. Ah! Perfect, walking in a little woozy now the doctor noticed and examined her head immediately.

"Where'd you get this?" he inquired.

"On the way out of the tunnels" she lied, "last opening isn't as tall as it used to be slightly misjudged."

"Be more careful, glad to see that you aren't suffering any adverse effects from the residual radiation" he instructed.

"As am I, it might have been alright, if there were any and I'd have, had the rad coats that we developed years ago it was a perfect radiation blocker" she volunteered.

"Ah yes, but as I remember you developed that and we found out later that it helped the body absorb radiation better with no side effects. That was till I developed the new coatas, its potential was five times faster" He replied feeling smug and prideful that his work so much better than hers.

Natasha looked on as the doctor's look of smugness spread across his face. The doctor seemed to forget that she was also a doctor in her home country of Russia. Well the conceited bastard might as well bask in the light now. If what she think was happening, was, then she was extremely glad she had saved some from years ago. Because unbeknownst to the doctor the Russians had been using it for years. Sighing, one of these days the ass was going to get his, then maybe she'd be free to chase after Tahir.