 I sat bolt upright in bed, not knowing what had woken me from my very nice dream I had been having that involved me, my mate and a waterfall on a tropical island somewhere hot, but I knew that whatever had made me wake so suddenly had left my body humming with arousal.

I automatically rolled over to cuddle into my mate, needing his strength and his warmth, that and to see if I could wake him and tempt him into an early morning romp. No such luck, my fingers met the cool sheets where his hot body should be. Damn it, I'd forgotten for a second that he was away working.

I flopped back onto my own side of the bed with a sigh of frustration, trying to think non sexy thoughts, but the arousal i was feeling was just building higher and higher, but strangely, I didn't think it was all my own.

Feeling curious I called my crystal ball into my hand from my work room and set it down on the bed beside me, asking it to show me my mate. A cloud like film started to roll through the ball, but it slowly cleared, solidifying into an image that made my eyebrows raise and my breathing pick up. Oh gods, he was in the shower.

The water was rolling down his soapy body, caressing his muscles perfectly, sliding down over his butt, making me bite my lip in appreciation. His hands were moving down the front of his body, just out of my view. As if he could feel my eyes on him he turned giving me a wonderful front view, and what a view it was. His cock was standing out tall and proud from the curling hairs at its base, his sac was drawn up tight like they were begging for release. Oh how I wished i were there to give it to him. His hand was hovering over his crotch and i knew then exactly where the waves of desire had been coming from. Just the thought of my mate picturing me while he worked himself in the shower was too hot to handle.

An idea came into my head right then and i opened our mental connection and projected the feel of my hand stroking down his back and my voice purring into his ear. "well hello my gorgeous man, are you missing me?" i felt him jump slightly, then his back arched as if trying to move closer to me. "gods yes, I miss you like hell" he growled and the sound rushed straight between my legs, making me wet in an instant.

"Look into the mirror baby, and focus on me, picture me, I'll do the rest" I watched as he pulled back the shower curtain and looked over to the mirror across the hotel bathroom. I sent out a little of my magick, turning the mirror into another version of my crystal ball. I knew the second he saw me by the sharp intake of breath at the sight of me laying on our bed, naked the way he liked me, my legs slightly parted revealing my damp flesh. I stroked the crystal ball next to me, showing him that I was watching him too.

"Show me how you take care of yourself when you're away" i whispered into his mind, moaning softly when his hand instantly went to his cock, wrapping around the shaft, and slowly pumping. Gods he looked good, i was aching to feel all that hardness inside me, but I knew I would have to make do until he came home. I reached into our bedside draw and rummaged around until I found the result of one of his birthday treats, the vibrator we had made as a perfect replica of his dick. Knowing he was watching I lovingly licked the dildo from top to bottom, getting it nice and wet the way I loved to do to his cock. I heard his breathing quicken and looked into my ball, watching the way his hand moved on his cock, watching the way it stroked and played, his palm rolling over the head every now and then, gathering the silky drops that gathered there. His eyes were focused on the mirror in front of him like it was a life line.

I opened my legs wider ,showing him what he was missing and hear his groan of appreciation. I watched him lick his lips as if he were tasting me on them. Gods he turned me on no matter where he was or what he was doing.

I lowered the dildo down between my legs, stroking its tip up and down my damp slit before sliding just the head inside me, moaning softly at the stretching sensation, but i knew it would be a perfect fit, just like the one it was modelled on. I pushed a little more and it slide home all the way, making me gasp. Yes, that was what i needed, not as good as the real thing, but closer than anything else.

"Baby" I moaned. "I wish you were here fucking me. What would you do if you were?"

I looked over into the crystal ball, watching the way his hand moved on his cock, stroking it slowly, enough to work himself closer to his peak but not enough to rush there. It was just perfect.

"I'd start by licking you all over, lick you into an orgasm so strong you would scream my name" he began, his voice sounding a little strained. I responded by lifting my hips and thrusting the dildo into my tight sheath, my breath catching at the pleasure. It felt good but i knew it could feel better.

"And once you came i would move between your legs and thrust myself into you so hard you'd scream again." I was nodding my head in agreement, my eyes fixed on his image in my ball, watching his hand move a little faster on his cock, seeing the tip weep a little more and i had the craving to lick it clean. I loved the taste of him.

"What then?" I gasped.

He sounded breathless when he finally replied.

"I'd use my hands on your luscious body, stroking your nipples that would still be wet from my mouth and hard from your orgasm. Id stroke my way down your body as i thrust inside you until my fingers could play with your little clit, it would still be so sensitive so I'd be light at first, barely touching, just enough to make you squirm and know what was coming next."

"I'm going to be cumming next" i moaned. And fumbled in the bedside draw again, pulling out my little bullet vibrator. Turning it on I concentrated it over my aching clit, almost cumming right there and then. Using one hand I angled the dildo higher, making sure its tip reached to just the right spot.

"Baby I wont last long" I moaned, my hips bucking with each thrust, i moved the bullet away slightly, just letting it stroke near the top of my mound so i could still feel the vibrations but not too much. " I want to watch you cum" I begged.

"mmmmm" his groan of pleasure reached my ears and I had to bite my lip to stop myself from going right then. I watched his eyes track my movements in the mirror as I slowly trust the dildo into my pussy, gasping each time it stroked against my spot. I watched his hand curl around his sac, and knew he was squeezing gently, pulling on it the way he liked me to do. His hand started moving faster up and down his length as i watched, his thigh muscles tensing, his jaw clenching as he watched me watch him.

Wanting to take this up a notch more I opened our connection wider, letting him feel what i was feeling, and taking in his own. Fuck me, he felt good. I could feel his pleasure as he worked himself with his hand, i could feel his lust as he watched me work myself with the dildo we made. I had told him that nothing felt as good as he did, so I had gotten the kit as a joke present, it wasn't so much of a joke now.

I heard his groan, deep and rumbling in his chest and watched as his balls drew up even tighter, i watched his cock swell in his hand, something that i usually only felt. I dipped the bullet back down to my clit and thrust harder, faster inside myself as I watched his hand move so fast it was almost a blur, his legs trembled and his back arched. His cock pulsed as he moaned long and loud and as i watched, my hands working my tools, jets of his release shot onto his hand.

That did me in. I fucked the dildo into my pussy twice more, feeling my muscles clench, my womb spasm, that ache of release building in my belly. I rolled and circled the bullet over my clit and exploded. My head was thrown back as my spine bent, my legs shaking.

"Oh oh oh" I moaned. "Fuck, baby, yes" I gasped and groaned little ah's of pleasure spilling from my lips as I finally came down.

I looked into my ball, watching my mate's body sag against the wall, the water from the shower pouring down over his shoulder.

"Damn I miss you baby" I moaned in frustration as i pulled the dildo out of my still clenching pussy. "come home soon."

"I will baby, I promise." He smiled , looking slightly dazed. "I miss you too".