 Lady Axina

The sun had just begun to set when the battle officially ended. Lady Axina Bethasuse reclined in her makeshift chair as her soldiers dragged forth her enemy, Lady Cuela Aheva. Axina smiled and stood. The battle today had been hard fought. Both she and the Aheva cunt had lost many men. Even though males were hardly a valuable commodity, Axina knew that if she lost too many men she would be unable to properly work her fields or to make war on her neighbors. 

Males were low, brutish things, but they did have their uses. They admirably performed hard manual labor, and they made excellent foot soldiers. Men also made great lovers, or so Axina had been told. A Lady of Bosom such as herself could not risk taking males into her bed. That topic was taboo, and did not bear thinking about. Axina instead focused on the matter at hand. 

The Lady Cuela was Axina's longtime rival, and now the feud was finally over. One of Axina's officers (a woman of course, as men could not be trusted to command themselves) led Cuela forward, hands tied behind her. Axina's assembled officers cheered. The Lady herself looked dazed. Her chest heaved and her green gown was covered in smudges of dirt. The dress was similar in make to Axina's own gown: its skirts were divided for easier movement and it was tight around her upper body to emphasize her curves, especially her breasts. Breasts were, after all, the feature that set a Lady of Bosom apart from a mere common woman. 

Cuela's breasts were each about the size of cantaloupes, and Axina's were only slightly larger than hers. Until today, Lady Cuela had been her equal in land, men, and feminine power. That was about to change. 

"Cuela, my dear freind" Axina purred. "How nice of you to attend our little gathering!"

"Just get it over with, Axina," spat Cuela, bravely trying to maintain her composure. 

"Very well." Axina took a deep breath, then channeled her Feminine Power. She felt the force of it well up in her bosom. For a moment, Axina pushed herself, pulling in as much power as her breasts could contain. Axina pitied commoners and men, they could never understand the surge of life that came from wielding Feminine Power. Everything seemed to come into focus, as if before her vision had been blured. And yet, her power had limits. Such meager power it was. But soon, her capacity would be nearly doubled. How sweet it was going to feel. 

Smirking, Axina gestured toward Cuela, directing her Feminine power at the defeated Lady's dirtied gown, tearing it off her body. Shreds of the garment fluttered to the ground as Axina's officers once again cheered. Cuela lowered her head in shame, clearly trying to hold back tears as her naked form was exposed to Axina's entire army. Some of the men began to masturbate, grunting like apes. Ordinarily, Axina would have them beaten for such uncouth behavior, but she was in a good mood today. For today, she would finally gather enough Bosom to leave this backwater province behind and move to the capital. 

"Lay down on your back," ordered Axina, gesturing for one of her officers to doff her cape and spread it over the dirt. Axina was not so cruel that she would force a Lady of Bosom to lie in the dirt like a common man, not even Cuela. Cuela bit back a sob and slowly knelt, then laid on her back, her hands tied behind her causing her back to arch. Axina straddled her former rival's abdomen. Cuela's tits sat like soft, fleshy fruit on the defeated woman's chest, just waiting to be claimed. Axina took them into her hands. For a moment, she fondled the mounds of titflesh, savoring long awaited victory while squeezing and pinching Cuela's nipples. Then, her hands tightened, fingers making deep impressions in Cuela's pliable breasts. Raw power flooded up Axina's arms, collecting in her own bosom. 

"YES!" Axina cried as her breasts expanded to almost twice their former size. "At last! Your Bosom is MINE!" The torrent of Feminine Power that now filled her Bosom felt even sweeter then she had anticipated. Her pussy leaked juices down her thighs. She felt like an unstoppable force. Surely the Goddesses themselves must tremble!

Axina quickly regained control of her thoughts. The euphoria and arousal that accompanied the acquisition of additional Bosom was incredibly intoxicating, but she had to keep her expectations realistic. Her new breasts, roughly twice the size of cantaloupes, would gain her entry into the capital and the title of Baroness. Above the Baronesses there were the Countesses, whose Bosoms were at minimum three times as large as the minimum requirement for a Baroness, and they would of course wield more Feminine Power as a result. Above even the Countesses were the Duchesses. So large were their Bosoms that they needed to cast levitation spells upon each breast just to move around without difficulty. And above even the Duchesses sat the Queen. The Queen's power was such that she could obliterate mountains with a wave of her hand. No one could challenge the Queen's power, especially since the fall of the Black Witch. Stories were still told of that epic battle. Axina was so far beneath these noble Ladies that she might as well be an ant, even with her new power. At least for now.

The now flat-chested Cuela could no longer hold back her tears. Despite their many years of bitter enmity, Axina felt a stab of pity. The poor woman had been robbed of her Feminine Power, the only thing that made a Lady of Busom more than a mere peasant. "I have no need of your land or your men, Cuela," Axina declaimed, moving up so that she was crouching over Cuela's head. "So I shall show you mercy. Pay homage to my womanhood, and I will leave you here unharmed and take nothing more from you."

Cuela sobbed, raising her head. Axina sighed as she felt her defeated rival's soft tongue against her swollen labia. Her army cheered as she caressed her own powerful Bosom which now uncomfortably strained the confines of her gown. She would need to have new dresses made once she reached the capital. Cuela's tongue found her clit and she gasped, orgasm rapidly approaching. She ground her pussy into Cueala's mouth, ecstasy building. How high could she rise in the capital? Could she eventually become a Countess? Or even a Duchess? Axina threw her head back and screamed in victory as her orgasm broke. The future was full of possibilities and the only way to go was up. 

------------------------------------------------



5461

Male 5461 gently patted the head of his bitch, Marin, as she bobbed up and down in his lap. Marin was a woman of the peasant birth, which put her one step higher on the social ladder than men like 5461. But 5461 was not like other men. 

He had known this even growing up. 5461 had always been bigger than the other boys, stronger, and smarter too, and they all either deferred to him or avoided him. Soon he began to notice girls, and girls in turn began to notice him. Before long they started pulling him into haylofts or out into the woods. This was not an uncommon experience for young men his age, but for some reason, after each session the girl seemed eager to please him and do anything he said. 

This was a novel experience for the young 5461 because it was the opposite of the way the girls normally treated him. He, like all men, was expected to do all the labor of maintaining the village, and not speak unless spoken to when in the presence of a female. Like all men, he had no name, only a number (in his case, "5461"). Touching a girl without her express permission could get him beaten to death. So when, after an intense fuck in the hayloft, a girl kissed his feet and said "I am your bitch, you own me," 5461 felt for the first time the joy of dominating women. 

5461 made it his goal to seduce every woman in the village and to make them all his bitches. He succeeded within a year. The other men of the village were jealous, but mostly they were just happy the women were leaving them alone instead of beating them or ordering them about. For a while, 5461 was content making the women of the village suck the taste of each other's cunts from his cock. Then one day the village was visited by Jenia Querisa, the local Lady of Bosom. 

On that day 5461 saw, for the first time, a woman with breasts. He had, of course, heard tales of the Ladies of Bosom, the rulers of the land. He had thought these stories strange. Women with two fleshy, round growths on their chests? To him that sounded grotesque bordering on disgusting. However, the moment he saw Lady Jenia Querisa he completely changed his mind. As she strode confidently through the village, her breasts, nearly the size of her own head, swayed and jiggled with each step. The sight sent a lightning bolt of lust straight to his cock, causing it to harden instantly. As the Lady passed, the women of the village looked away, ashamed of their own inferiority, and the men openly gawked but were too afraid to approach. She, surely, had the body a woman should have. All other women 5461 had ever seen had been pale imitations of the feminine form. 

Of course, her attitude was even more domineering and cuntish than the village women. Upon entering the village she ordered her guards to beat five men for "looking at her with ill intent" and then spent the rest of her visit in the village lambasting the innmother for her uncomfortable beds or having other men or women punished harshly for minor infractions. How sweet it would be, thought 5461, to make such a highborn, busty Lady like her submit? To feel her will give way before his pounding cock, to make her take his dick up her ass and then clean it with her mouth?

Unfortunately, the Lady was constantly surrounded by her guards during her stay in the village, so 5461 had been unable to act. After she had left he realized that the village women just didn't excite him anymore. Of course, he could still get hard for them if he wanted, but the fire that had once filled his veins as he smashed their cunts was now gone. He wanted – he NEEDED - a bitch with tits. Tommorow he was going to journey to the Lady's castle. He didn't know how he was going to get in. He didn't know how he was going to get close enough to the Lady to fuck her. All 5461 knew was that he was going to make Lady Jenia Querisa his bitch or die in the attempt.

Tonight was his last night in the village and he had decided to spend it with Marin, his favorite bitch. Before he had seen Jenia, 5461 would have called Marin stunningly beautiful. Even now, he still thought she was very pretty, especially when she looked up at him with her big, brown eyes while sucking his cock, like she was right now. Her only bad feature was her flat chest. 

"I've never left the village before," 5461 mused as Marin bobbed her head up and down in his lap, one hand furiously fingering her sodden pussy. "Is it any different out there?" Marin tried to pull her head off of his cock so she could answer his question but he pushed her back down. "You don't need to answer that, slut. Just keep sucking."

"Mmmm," Marin answered, happily slurping away. 

"Don't cum yet," he ordered. Marin groaned in disappointment but her fingers slowed. She looked up at him pleadingly. "Tell you what," he continued. "If you take my cock down your throat like a good little bitch I'll let you cum. Deal?"

"Mmm, mmm!" Marin moaned in assent. 

5461 grabbed the back of her head and shoved his dick as far down her throat as he could, which was about halfway. 5461 didn't have the unrealistic expectation that she take his entire cock, that would be unreasonable. After all, fully erect he was about fifteen inches long. Marin's lips were stretched obscenely around his girth.  He pulled back and thrust in again, making her gag violently. 

"I've been thinking. You see, I'm not like other men. I'm sure you agree, Marin. You wouldn't be kneeling here taking a throat pounding for just anyone. If I'm better than other men don't I deserve a name?"

"AK GAK URG BURK!" said Marin, choking as 5461's cock pounded down her throat.

"Burk. You know, that's actually pretty good. Its short, and easy to remember, but hard. Not soft, like a girl's name. I like it. From now on, my name is Burk." 

Burk pushed Marin's head off of his cock, allowing her to gasp for air for a few seconds. Then he grasped is cock in one hand and brought it down hard against her face. 

*SMACK* He struck her again with his cock. *WACK*

"Cum, bitch," he growled, voice low. "Cum while I beat your face with my cock." This was one of Burk's favorite ways to dominate his bitches. 

Marin's fingers increased speed. "Yes, sir!" Marin gasped, voice hoarse. "Club my face with your cock. Beat me with it! Show me my place! Oh god OH! GOD!" For a moment her body went rigid and her breath caught. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she experienced an intense orgasm. She collapsed on her back, a contented, well fucked smile on her face, gasping for breath. 

After a moment she raised herself on her elbows. "Sir, must you truly leave? Are you not satisfied with my pussy? What about the other village women?" 

"I'm afraid I cannot be content, as long as that big titted slut does not belong to me," said Burk. He knelt down beside her, cupping her chin with his hand. She had such a beautiful face. Too bad her chest was so flat. Still, he would miss her. "I'm going to leave you something to remember me by." He placed his hand on her taught stomach. "Today is your most fertile day is it not?"

Marin's eyes widened with surprise. "A child? I... Yes, please, sir!" She spread her pussy with her fingers. "Pour your seed into my womb and breed me, please, sir, PLEASE!"

Burk had impregnated many of the other village women. He guessed that most if not all of the village children born in the last two years were his, but of course it was hard to be sure. He had never bred Marin before because he wanted her to keep her perfect figure. She had asked him to knock her up several times, but he had always refused. But tomorrow he would be gone, so it was time to give her what she wanted. 

He slid his body up hers, her slim feminine form trembling beneath him. Burk could feel the heat radiating from her as he lined up his massive manhood with her sodden slit. She moaned and bucked her hips against him as he teased her entrance with the tip. "Take me," Marin panted. "Make me yours, fill me to the brim with your seed, please, I need it!"

Slowly, ever so slowly, Burk began to push his cock into her cunt. Despite her arousal and all the previous times they had fucked, Marin's cunt was still tight as a velvet vice around his dick. She writhed beneath him, an orgasm overtaking her before he was even all the way in. 

He hit her cervix, then pulled back and thrust again. She wrapped her legs around him. Whenever she wasn't screaming in orgasm, she urged him to cum inside her and knock her up. At last, he was on the edge. He balled a fist in her hair and lowered his head to whisper in her ear. 

"Get pregnant, slut!" With one final, punishing thrust his balls tightened, pouring massive amounts of cum through his cock into her fertile pussy. She came one final time as his spunk filled her, her hips bucking against him. 

As the last of his cum poured from his cock, Burk kissed her for the first time that night. She hungrily kissed tried to kiss back, but his tongue overpowered hers, invading her mouth. She was his completely. 

For several long minutes he lay atop her, his cock softening. Finally he rolled off of her. "I'm going to miss you, Marin," he said sadly. "I hope you like my gift at least."

"I love it Sir." Marin placed a hand on her belly. "I can't wait to birth your child. Oh, by the way Sir..." She took off the golden bracelet from her left wrist and held it out to him. 

Burk cared little for baubles, but Marin was offering him a gift. He would accept it to make her happy. He took it. 

"I bought it from the peddler this morning because I wanted to look pretty for you. It..." Marin paused. She looked like she was trying to remember something long forgotten. "It... asked me to give it to you, somehow. I don't know. My memory is foggy... Mmmm." Marin fell asleep, exhausted. 

Very strange. Burk slid the bracelet over his wrist. 

"Oooooo, why hello there, stud." The voice was a sultry, feminine whisper, like someone was whispering in his ear. He spun. There was no one there.

The voice giggled, then whispered in the same smoky tone "I'm not actually there, dummy. My mind is magically bound to the bracelet you are wearing. So you can hear me..." Burk felt something warm and soft press against his back. No... two warm somethings. Burk's cock rapidly rose to attention once again. "...and FEEL me," the voice continued. It (she?) giggled. 

"Who are you?" Demanded Burk. 

"I am the Black Witch. I've searched a long time for you, Ultramale. And I have a proposal for you."

TO BE CONTINUED