 Burk

The voice simply would not leave him alone. Burk had tried to remove the bracelet, but somehow he was unable, as if the thing had tightened around his wrist. Finally he had given up. He left the village at first light, still intent upon claiming and fucking the local Lady of Bosom, Jenia Querisa, who ruled all the surrounding villages for miles. Now he was trudging along, his hard cock pushing uncomfortably against the inside of his ragged pants, as this stupid bracelet teased him.

"You can't ignore me forever, Ultramale," whispered the husky voice in his ear. "I know just what you like..." Two invisible, warm, soft, pillowy things pressed against his shoulder. "We could do so much together, you and I. I could... help you." 

Finally, his anger broke and he responded. "Fuck you, bitch! You're just a cockteasing voice with no cunt to fuck. You are completely worthless to me." 

"Oh, I have cunt, alright. You aren't allowed to fuck it, but if you accept my proposal you can have every other pussy in the kingdom. Imagine, all of the Ladies of Bosom, kneeling before you. Picture all of that soft, round, bouncy titflesh in the palms of your hands... pressed against you..." Once again he felt her phantom tits against his back. 

Burk stopped. "Fine. I'll listen to what you have to say. But no promises." He crossed his arms. 

The voice now spoke in a normal, conversational tone. "First, as I told you, I am the Black Witch. Have you heard of me?"

"They say you tried to rebel against the Queen twenty years ago, and she killed you. Everyone knows that."

"Yes, well obviously she didn't kill me. Ugh. I'm not sure what where to begin. First of all, how much do you know about Feminine Power?"

"I know that it is powerful magic wielded solely by the Ladies of Bosom. They say it is a gift from the Goddesses that proves their mandate to rule over the land."

"That's all you know?"

"Yes."

The voice sighed. "I'll cover the basics then. Feminine Power is the energy generated naturally by women. It manifests physically on women's bodies as breasts, or 'Bosom' as the Ladies call it. The larger a woman's bosom, the more Feminine Power she has. With training she can wield this energy in a near-infinite number of ways.

"However, Feminine Power has two key weaknesses. First of all, it can be stolen by other women. The most efficient way to steal Feminine Power is directly, through touch. Nearly all of the minor wars between Ladies are prosecuted with the objective to steal a rival's bosom. But direct touch is not the only way to steal Feminine Power. Have you ever wondered why only the Ladies of Bosom have breasts?"

"No, not really," said Burk, bored. 

"The Ladies of Bosom cast a spell upon every peasant girl at birth. Any Feminine Power a peasant girl develops is siphoned directly to the Lady who holds dominion over her. The spell is very inefficient, and gobbles up most of the power in transfer. The Ladies are not overly concerned by this, as the true purpose of the spell is to keep the peasant women in line and hoard all the power for themselves. I rebelled against the Queen in an attempt to fight that injustice. More on that later.

"Feminine Power has a second weakness: men. If a wielder of Feminine Power has sex with a man, she falls temporarily under his thrall. His masculinity forces her own power inward on the wielder herself, and she becomes bound to his will. The amount of time she stays bound depends on her Power. The more she has, the more vulnerable she is to cock-thrall. Other factors include her strength of will, and the amount of pleasure she experiences during the sex.

"Twenty two years ago, when I was still gathering power and support to attack the Queen, she became aware of the threat I posed. She tried to create a weapon to use against me and to keep the other nobles in line: a man, so dominant and masculine that he was capable of putting any woman- regardless of her power- in permanent cock-thrall. However, the Ultramale she created was more powerful and more prideful than she expected, and he escaped. Eventually he was hunted down and killed. 

"Soon enough after that I gained enough power and support to move against the Queen. Although she wielded far more raw power than I, I was much more skilled at wielding it. In direct battle with me, she stood no chance. And she knew it, the cunt. She lured me into a trap. Together with three of her most loyal followers she cast a time stasis field around me, cutting me off from reality completely as long as the seals of the spell continue to hold. At the very last instant, I saw the trap about to close around me. I bound my mind to this bracelet and tossed it out the window. Even in this form I have enough power to influence the minds of those I come into contact with, and by passing from hand to hand I was able to move about.

"And so I began my search. I hoped that the Ultramale had acted true to his nature during his escape and had left a few children in the bellies of some village women before he was hunted down, and that at least one of these might be a male of similar virility to his father. I was right. The search took me many years, but at last, Ultramale, I have found you. Your power alone can save me. 

"Free me from my prison and become my servant. Together, we can defeat the Queen and force all the Ladies of Bosom to their knees! We can crush the aristocracy and restore power to the good, honest peasant women who have been robbed of their very essence for generations!" The voice's tone changed at the end of her speech from that of a lecturer to a that of a zealot, with a hint of desperation. 

Burk shook his head in disgust. "You say the Ladies of Bosom exploit those under them to their benefit," he replied. "And I am sure you are right. However, you are wrong if you think that the peasant women are any different. Every one of them would do the same, given power. I have never met a woman who didn't treat me like a disposable piece of trash. I have also never met a woman who didn't worship me after I had filled her holes with my cum, smeared her face with her own spit and beat her silly with my dick. Women have value to me only when they submit to my will, and I will not be anyone's servant, least of all that of a female. 

"But I have a counter offer for you. I will free you from your prison, and when I do we will have a reckoning. We will see which is stronger: your magic or my cock."

The voice laughed. "I should have known that the Ultramale would be too proud to submit to authority. Very well, I accept your challenge. I am Vessala, the Black Witch. What do you call yourself, Ultramale?"

"Burk," said Burk. 

----------------------------------------------

Axina

An hour before midday, the Lady Axina Bethasuse's carriage arrived at the capital. Axina stepped from the carriage with the help of her lady in waiting. She was just outside the city walls, and the two great hills of the capital loomed above her. Axina had looked upon the capital from the outside many times, but today, at last, she would be allowed to enter. She was awash with excitement but she controlled herself. It would be unseemly for a Lady to be so emotional. Besides, if she cried tears of joy she might ruin her makeup. 

Axina had spent hours making sure her face, hair, and clothes were perfect for her first day in the capital. Her wavy platinum blonde hair was bound pinned up, and her red, low cut dress emphasized her newly augmented Bosom. 

By law, only Ladies of Bosom bearing the title of Baroness or higher were allowed into the Capital. Thus there were only two ways for Axina to gain entry: she could either give up all of her Feminine power and become a common servant for another Lady, or apply for a barony. In order to apply for a barony, she needed two things. First, she needed hold as personal property at least five square miles of land. Second, she needed breasts at least thirty inches in circumference. In the upper echelons of society, Feminine Power was everything. The more you had, the higher titles you could hold, the more authority you wielded. Thankfully, Axina had both. 

It had taken Axina years of intrigue and warfare against neighboring Ladies to gain enough land and Feminine Power to apply, but now she had both. Axina strode toward the notary, a small stone building just outside of the gate. Here she could apply for a title. She knocked on the door. 

"Come in," said a distracted voice. Axina opened the door and stepped inside. A brown-haired, freckled woman sat behind a polished wooden desk staring down through slim spectacles while her quill pen scratched at some document. Her breasts were small, not even enough to fill her own hands, so she was probably a minor Lady bound in vassalage tone of the more powerful and busty Ladies within the city. Axina cleared her throat. 

The scribe looked up. "Ah yes. Can I help you?"

"I'm here to apply for a Barony," said Axina patiently. The scribe reached beneath her desk, pulling up a large tome, titled "Realm Land Records".

"Name?" asked the scribe.

"Axina Bethasuse," said Axina. 

The scribe turned a few pages. "Bethasuse, Bethasuse... Ah! Yes, it says here that you currently hold seven and a half square miles of land. That isn't going to be a problem. Now, if you would be so kind as to allow me to examine your Bosom?"

Axina pulled down the hem of her dress, allowing her giant breasts to bounce out. Each was more than a double handful, yet despite their size they sat perfectly round and firm on her chest, topped by erect nipples the size of her index fingers. The clerk must be so jealous. Smirking, Axina leaned over the desk, tits swaying slightly. "Go ahead. Examine me."

The clerk didn't seem too impressed. "I don't know. They look a little small."

'Small?!' From this tiny titted twat?! "They're thirty four inches around," Axina said, trying not to show annoyance in her voice. 

"They look more like twenty eight, or twenty nine to me," said the clerk, sitting back down. "Sorry, looks like you're a little bit short. 

Axina fumed. She had measured herself multiple times to be sure. And this fucking cunt was ignoring her out of spite!

"Of course, I might just let it slide" continued the scribe, idly examining her fingernails. "If you... put me in a good mood, that is." She winked.

Fuck this. "Now listen here you flat-chested floozy," raged Axina, channeling Feminine Power as she stepped around the desk. "I'm not interested in taking shit from a little puissant tiny-tit like you." She held up her hand, gathering power into a ball of fire. "So give me my Barony or I'll..."

The clerk chuckled and held up her hand. Axina's fireball was snuffed out like a candle flame. She had about a half second to be shocked before she slammed into the opposite wall, where she was pinned by an invisible force, unable to move. 

Somehow, the small-breasted clerk had completely overpowered her. How? How could someone with such a small Bosom wield such power?

"Listen up, country bumpkin," said the clerk in a long-suffering voice. "Here in the capital, if you ask a superior for a favor you'd better be prepared to ask nicely... with your lips and tongue. Otherwise you might find yourself a servant without any Bosom at all. Do I make myself clear?"

Axina bit back her rage. She had no choice. Reluctantly, she nodded. 

"Good," purred the clerk. The force binding Axina to the wall receded, allowing her to fall to her knees. The clerk spread her legs and lifted her skirt, baring her shaved pussy. "Crawl over here and eat me out."

Axina crawled until she was staring straight up into the clerk's slit. She peaked up at the clerk's face. The bitch was wearing an absolutely insufferable smirk. Axina swallowed her pride and stuck out her tongue, licking delicately at her swollen labia. She tasted bitter, but not unpleasant. Axina dove in, pressing her lips against the clerk's pussy and licking her inner folds with fervor. 

Axina didn't really mind eating pussy, in fact she usually enjoyed doing so. But being FORCED to eat pussy, especially by a Lady with less Bosom than herself... that rankled. She would do what she had to do, but she would remember this, and someday the clerk would pay. For now, though, Axina had no choice to submit to her will. 

The clerk wrapped her leg around Axina's head, pressing her mouth and tongue deeper into her wet snatch. "Ohhhh, yeah," she moaned, lust and amusement plain in her voice. "Eat me you little cunt. Eat me like I'm your last meal!" She began to grind her hips into Axina's face, smearing her with her juices. "That's it. Good slut. I'm filling out your Barony title now."

Axina could hear the clerk's quill scratching away. She was true to her word at least. The sound stopped and her legs tightened around Axina's neck. "Don't stop licking, you whore! If you want your title, eat me the fuck out!" Axina returned her to her task, burying her face in the woman's muff. "That's it!" shrieked the clerk. "Yeah, I'm cumming! Ooooh, lap it up you slut!" Axina did her best to lick up the sticky sweet nectar that poured from the clerk's cunt, but as the woman's hips bucked her face was covered in the stuff. As the clerk came, she her legs tightened around Axina's neck. She couldn't breathe. 

The clerk kept her head in leglock as she finished filling out the paperwork. Finally, she held up the completed document. "This is your Title. Congratulations, Baroness Axina Bethasuse." She pressed the title against Axina's forehead, where it stuck in the pussy juices with witch her face was plastered. With a final chuckle she released Axina, who slumped to the floor, gasping for air. "Now get the fuck out of my office, bitch. I've got things to do."

Axina stumbled out of the Notary, pulling her dress up to cover her breasts. She began to walk toward the gates. This was hardly the triumphant entrance into the capital she had imagined. Her makeup was completely ruined and the bitter taste of defeat still lingered in her mouth. She would remember that clerk's face. 

Oh yes, she would remember.