 Axina

The first thing Axina did upon entering the city was to hire a room at an inn. She was eager to see the city, but her face and hair were a mess after her encounter with the clerk at the Notary and she needed to clean up first. A spike of bitterness arose in Axina's mind at the memory, but she suppressed it. Today was not a day for bitterness. It was a day of triumph. At last she had entered the Capital, the epicenter of the entire kingdom's politics and power. 

Axina had brought only two servants with her into the Capital, both of whom were women of common birth. She hadn't brought any male slaves with her, as by law they would need to be either castrated or de-tongued before they were allowed to enter the city gates. Axina didn't have the time to oversee the necessary mutilations, nor did she need any men for the time being. If that ever changed she could send for some from her estate or simply purchase more. In any case, Axina's two servants performed their duties admirably, washing her face and brushing her hair. She complimented them (commoners are more loyal when you're nice to them) and set off to see the city. 

The Capital was built around two great hills, exactly equal in size and shape. They rose above the city like two great breasts on the chest of the land. The Royal Palace, residence of the Queen, nestled between them at the center of the city. 

At the very top of the easternmost hill rose the Arena of Bosom, where Noble ladies settled their disputes. In the countryside, conflict between Ladies usually resulted in war. In war, each Lady would command their mostly male armies and the winner could do anything she wanted with the loser including stealing all her Feminine Power, driving her off her land, claiming her commonfolk as her own chattel, and even killing her. 

Here in the capital things were done in a more civilized fashion. Disputes were settled by duel, in which the Ladies themselves would square off, Bosom to Bosom in magical combat until one of them either surrendered or was disqualified. Such duels were mediated with very strict rules to ensure the safety of both parties, and the winner was allowed to take at most twenty five percent of the loser's Feminine Power. On holidays, male gladiators fought to the death on the sands for the entertainment of the Ladies.

On the apex of the western hill was the cathedral of The Most Nuturing and Feminine Church of Womanhood. The Church claimed authority over all the female souls of the entire kingdom. Of course there were two separate liturgies: one for commoners and one for Ladies of Bosom. The commoners were taught that the Ladies' Bosoms and Feminine Power were Goddess-given and symbolized their right to rule. Of course, the Ladies themselves knew better, but it would not do if the peasants found out about that. There might be a revolt.

The Church was popular with both commoners and Ladies alike. Personally, Axina didn't put much stock in the Goddess or the supernatural. She trusted only her mind and her Feminine Power to get her through life, and so far it was working. Very few attained the title of Baroness before the age of twenty; Axina had managed it at nineteen. 

Axina decided to head up the eastern hill first. As she walked through the city she noticed something strange. Most of the women she passed had smaller breasts than her. In fact, some of them barely had Bosom at all. Since her breast size was just above the minimum required to obtain a Barony, and only Ladies of the rank of Baroness or higher were allowed into the city, this puzzled Axina to no end. She was missing something important.

Axina reached the pinnacle of the hill, paying a small fine to enter the Arena. Duels were fought every day at all hours in the Arena. Today there were three pairs of women battling in the sands below, each struggling against each other in different ways. The stands were sparsely populated, so Axina chose a spot at random and watched the duels for a time. 

The closest pair was clearly a mismatch. A thirty something Lady with breasts the size of watermelons was facing off against a younger woman whose entire Bosom was less than half that size. Of course, the less-endowed woman had no chance. The fight was already over, the younger woman was spinning around in mid air, completely overwhelmed by the older woman's Feminine Power. She surrendered within seconds. The older woman chose to be merciful and not take any Bosom from the younger, a generous gesture. The two walked off the floor of the arena. 

Off to the left, another duel was taking place, this one far more interesting. Both participants were young, probably early twenties. Their Bosoms were about equal size, although the Lady with the lighter skin had a slight advantage in that regard. Neither of their Bosoms were even half as large as Axina's. However, the way in which they were wielding their power was different from anything Axina had ever seen. It was much more... physical. Their power manifested in the form of weapons that they weilded; the darker skinned woman held a shining black whip, the lighter a translucent pink sword. 

The darker skinned woman cracked the whip in ruthless arcs. Each time the whip stuck the lighter skinned woman she cried out in pain, although the whip left no mark on her milky flesh. The lighter skinned woman was unable to close the gap because of the whip's greater range. Finally, the sword-wielder rushed forward, swinging at the whip-wielder's head. The whip wielder dodged, but the sword managed a glancing blow on her shoulder. The translucent blade passed through the whip-wielder's arm, leaving no wound, but somehow disabling the arm. The whip-wielder jumped back, one arm now swinging uselessly at her side, and lashed out with the whip.

The sword-wielder apparently didn't expect such a rapid counter attack. The whip coiled around her waist. She fell to the ground, screaming in pain. Seconds later, she surrendered. The fight was over. Both the whip and the sword dissolved into thin air, and the defeated sword-wielder lay prone on her back. The victorious whip-wielder crouched over her, cupping her supple breasts, her formerly disabled arm returning to full function. The victor's Bosom swelled as the loser's shrank by a quarter. 

"You're in my seat." Axina turned her head. A redheaded woman, about a year older than she, was looking at her like something she had just scraped off of her shoe. Her breasts were slightly smaller than Axina's. 

"There are plenty of open seats," said Axina, trying to keep her cool. Who did this woman think she was?

"Yes, but that one's mine." The redhead was clearly looking for a fight. Axina itched to crush her, but... the incident with the clerk was fresh in her mind. Just because this woman had a smaller bosom than her did not necessarily mean she was weaker. That thought hurt Axina's brain. What was she missing? In any case, best to play it cool for now. 

"Very well, I'll move," Axina sighed.

The redhead laughed. "Ha! I knew a wide eyed country yokel like you would have no spine! Look at you. You've got your tits hanging out and everything!"

Axina's mouth worked. The other woman's dress displayed far more skin than her own. "Hanging? I don't-"

"You should be begging to lick my clit, you hill born piece of trash! I bet your mother sucked your father's dick."

Axina's eyes widened in shock. The other insults she could have let go. Perhaps. But the implication that her mother had placed her mouth upon the filthiest part of a filthy male? That was not an insult she could let slide. So she challenged the redhead to a duel. 

Mere minutes later, Axina stood upon the sands. Opposite her, the rude redhead idly examined her nails. Between them stood a common, bosomless referee. 

"My Ladies," said the referee. "I humbly remind you of the rules. It is forbidden to cause any serious or permanent harm to your opponent. The first Lady to surrender loses. The winner may take at most twenty-five percent of the loser's Bosom. Any violation of the rules will be punished by the disciplinary board depending on the severity of the infraction. My Ladies are both ready?" She raised her hand. "Fight!"

Every Lady of Bosom wielded her power differently. Axina's specialty was elemental magic. Fire, water, air; these were her weapons. She sent a wall of air at her opponent, hoping to knock her off her feet. 

The redhead dodged, then lept forward at Axina. Axina backpedalled, throwing a fireball at her opponent's feet, hopping to trip her, but the woman kicked the fireball deliberately, somehow extinguishing it. Axina couldn't get away, the woman was too fast. Her fist slammed into Axina's abdomen, making her gasp for breath. Desperate, she channeled all the power she could into a fist of air and directed it at the redhead's face, but the woman deflected it casually and pushed her to the ground. 

How? How were women with smaller breasts than her somehow overwhelmingly stronger than her in Feminine Power?

The redhead planted a foot on the side of her head, pushing her into the dirt. "I didn't even need to use half my power to crush you, yokel. Now be a good girl and surrender."

"No. Fuck you, bitch." Just because Axina had been overpowered, didn't mean the fight was over. It wouldn't end officially until Axina admitted defeat. She couldn't afford to lose a quarter of her power now, not just after she entered the city. She needed to rise! To swell, to get stronger, bustier, until the whole world knew her name and all trembled at the sight of her tits. 

The redheaded cunt cackled wickedly. "I was hoping you would say that you little twat. Let's see how long you can keep up that attitude." Axina felt her skirt being pulled up around her waist, baring her bottom to the entire arena. She thanked the Goddess so few people were in the stands today. The redhead's hand came down hard on Axina's ass in an open-handed spank. Pain shot through her rear. The woman was unnaturally strong! "Surrender, bitch!"

"No!" moaned Axina through gritted teeth. The redhead's hand came down again, harder this time. Then again, and again. Axina fought back tears. She would not give in. She would not lose Bosom. She would rise! Then she realized that the barrage of spanks had stopped. The redhead was talking to someone. An angry someone.

"-told you when I accepted you as my vassal. No more picking on fresh-through-the-gate Baronesses!"

"Yes Mistress. I'm sorry Mistress, but look at her! She doesn't even compress her Bosom!"

Axina turned her head. The redhead was floating in the air about a foot off of the ground. She didn't look comfortable. A thirty-something motherly looking Lady stood facing her, face a mask of controlled fury. Axina recognized her as the same woman she had seen fight earlier, the one who had easily overwhelmed her opponent. Her breasts were the size of watermelons. Much larger than Axina's. Was she a Countess, perhaps?

"I'm not concerned with her decorum at the moment, Jula. As my vassal, any mischief you get into reflects poorly on me. If I find you doing this again, I swear to the Goddess you will spend the next year in cock-thrall to my entire stable of male gladiators. Do you understand?"

The redhead (Jula?) paled. "Yes mistress."

"Good." The motherly woman turned to Axina and her expression softened. "You showed admirable courage girl, though your power and skill are lacking."

Axina pushed herself to her feet, blushing. This woman... There was something about her. Her Bosom was larger than Axina's for a certainty, but Axina was convinced that she was even more powerful than her size suggested. The twin mammoth mounds of feminine flesh seemed to radiate power. "Please my Lady, who are you?" Axina asked. 

The woman glanced at Jula expectantly. "As my vassal, it falls to you to introduce me, Jula," she said patiently. 

Jula started. "Oh. Yes my Lady. Erm. I am Countess Jula Nersi. And this," she indicated the motherly woman, "...is Duchess Matrona Maternia, mistress of gladiators, Lady of Maternshire and direct vassal of Her Supreme Bustiness the Queen."

-----------------------------------------------

Burk

The sun had just begun to set when the castle came into sight. Burk had never seen such a large man-made structure before. It was even taller than the mill, the tallest building in the village. Perhaps twice as tall. 

Burk didn't pause to marvel, though. He had come here for a purpose. 

"I don't understand why you're bothering with this two-bit, mosquito-bite-breasted petty floozy," said the voice of Vessala, the Black Witch. "An entire kingdom of well endowed and powerful Ladies awaits you. Why waste time?"

"Because I want to fuck her," answered Burk simply. "And what do you mean, mosquito-bite-breasted? Her breasts are the size of her head!"

"Sure, uncompressed," replied Vessala disdainfully. "Any Lady of significance and good breeding keeps her Bosom compressed to one tenth of its normal size as a matter of etiquette. This floozy lets it all hang out."

"What difference does that make to me? I just want to fuck a bitch with big tits."

Vessala sighed. "Compressed breasts are firmer, rounder, and perkier. Uncompressed breasts tend to sag unless the woman is very young. This Jenia Querisa is not worth your time. And you could be using that time to start breaking the seals on my prison."

"I don't care what you say, witch. I'll fuck any slut I want to fuck, and right now I want to fuck the Lady of this castle."

"Ugh. Fine. Let's get this over with, then. In fact, I'll help you. Just get the bracelet into contact with the floozy and I'll make sure the two of you are not interrupted."

As Burk approached the castle, the guard at the castle gate, a female officer of common birth, held up a hand. She wasn't bad looking, although she was completely flat-chested like all commoners. "Hold there, lad. Ya come to join Lady Jenia's army? We could always use more big, strong men like you." The officer wore a tight, well pressed military uniform that emphasized the curves of her hips and waist. She eyed Burk up and down, eyes lingering for a second on the bulge in his crotch. 

"I have," said Burk. "The Lady passed through my village a few weeks past, and I thought it would be an honor to fight and die for one so beautiful." The female officer asked for his number, and he gave it (5461). Then she led him through the gates, past a training yard to a barracks. The castle keep where Lady Jenia resided was further on.

"This is where you'll be staying. Head over to the practice yard and start training. We should be marching off to war within the month, so take your training seriously if you want to serve Her Ladyship, ya hear? 

Burk removed the golden bracelet (the one containing the consciousness of the Black Witch) from his wrist and held it out to the officer. "Please give this to Lady Jenia as a token of my adoration and willingness to serve."

"Sure, of course," said the officer with a gleam in her eye. Burk recognized that look. She was going to keep the bracelet for herself. Typical woman. He was going to have to... convince her.

He took a step toward her. "I have a gift for you, as well ma'am."

The officer eyed him coyly. "Oh? Is it a gift of great value?"

"Yes."

"That's some confidence," chuckled the officer, her voice taking on a flirtatious tone. She placed brushed hand over his upper thigh. "But you know, confidence without competence is just arrogance." Her eyes widened as she felt the mass of his cock through his pants. "Oh, that's quite a gift." She smiled wickedly. 

The officer pulled Burk around the back of the barracks into relative privacy, and began to undress. Burk followed her example, though disrobing did not take nearly as long for him as his male clothing was very simple. 

Burk contemplated his options. Usually, he would let the woman assume her typically dominant role during sex and gradually turn the tables on her over the course of about an hour. But Burk had not come here today to fuck some commoner officer. She was just a means to an end, so best to establish dominance right from the start and get this over with. As she pulled her pressed white blouse over her head, Burk grabbed her arms and shoved her against the barracks wall. With her shirt tangled around her head, she couldn't see. 

"Hey! You'd better Nnng!" She cut off as Burk roughly and possessively grabbed her pussy, pushing one finger up to the knuckle into her depths. She was wet enough that the finger slid in without trouble. Her breathing increased in tempo. 

Burk pressed his erect cock against her thigh and growled in her ear, "You're gonna take this up your fucking cunt aren't you bitch?" Her twat moistened noticeably. 

"Y-yes," she murmured. Burk pulled her shirt up over her face so that it still restricted her arms, but now he could look her in the eyes and see the exquisite mixture of fear and lust therein. He pulled one of her legs up and lined his giant cock up with her sodden slit. With one slow, deliberate thrust he pushed himself inside her to the hilt. "OOOOOOHHH FUUmmmff," Burk covered her mouth with his hand, stifling her scream of pleasure. No need to attract undue attention. 

For perhaps half an hour he pinned her to the barracks wall, his thick cock spreading her cunt wide. She gasped and trembled as orgasm after orgasm coursed through her body. Burk, on the other hand, wasn't really enjoying himself very much. Sure, her pussy felt nice around his cock, but he had had enough of these flat chested commoner girls. Finally, he pulled out and allowed the officer to slump to the ground.

The officer gasped, eyes slowly refocusing. She stared up at his cock like it was God himself. "I own you now," Burk informed her. "Remember to give my bracelet to the Lady Jenia." She nodded eagerly. 

"I... Yes sir."

Burk pulled his clothes back on, stuffing his still-erect cock back into his pants. She wasn't even worth a load, not today. He headed over to the training yard, figuring he might as well kill some time before nightfall, when he could take Lady Jenia. Although Burk had never fought before, he figured he would naturally be better at it than most men, the same way he was better at everything else. It came a surprise, then, that his first few bouts with his "fellow soldiers" resulted in his ass impacting quite firmly with the ground. Burk concentrated on learning the parries, the attacks, the footwork. As the sun began to set, he was beginning to hold his own against the other soldiers. 

At sunset, another female officer trotted up to the practice yard. "You there," she called to Burk. "The Lady wishes to see you personally." Burk allowed her to lead him into the keep. They passed through the main hall and ascended a spiral staircase which led to the Lady Jenia's chambers. The officer knocked twice at the door and waited. 

"You may enter," said a voice from within. The officer opened the door and led him in. 

The Lady Jenia's chamber was the most extravagant place Burk had ever seen. Silk tapestries covered the walls, depicting curvy feminine forms, Ladies engaged in magical combat. Upon another wall was painted a map of the whole kingdom in intricate detail. In the center of the room was a high bed, wider than any three cots Burk had ever slept in. A thin chain led from the headboard of the bed to an intricately carved collar on the nightstand. A strange device. Burk wondered at it's purpose. 

The Lady herself reclined in an armchair by the fireplace. She turned her head as the officer led Burk into to the room. "What is it?" she said irritably. The Lady Jenia was just as beautiful as he remembered. Her skin was smooth and pale, her hair long, dark and silky. Most importantly, her enormous breasts sat ripe on her chest, giant fleshy fruits waiting to be plucked, barely contained by her low-cut bodice. 
