 AN: In case you haven't figured it out yet, the sizes in this story are going to get pretty ridiculous. And this chapter is only a small taste of what's to come in that regard. Just a fair warning. 

Burk

*

Burk stretched and stood up. Jenia Querisa, his newest bitch, stirred but did not awake. The conquered Lady of Bosom slept upon a cum soaked bed, jism still leaking from her gaping pussy. More of the stuff was splattered all over her body, especially her face and breasts, though the veneer of semen could not hide the discoloration of a multitude of cock-shaped bruises that dotted her generous bosom. Burk smiled. It had been a good night. 

He slipped the bracelet of the Black Witch from the sleeping woman's wrist and put it on, and immediately the soft, sultry voice of Vessala cooed in his ear. "Your power is very impressive, Ultramale. I suspect you'll be a very useful tool for me once I've put you in my thrall."

"I suspect you'll be a useful cumdump after I've put you in MY thrall," Burk grunted in reply. Vessala chuckled huskily. 

"Well we'll just have to see about that."

The chain connected to the collar around his neck was quite long. Long enough to reach a small door to the left of the chamber. Burk walked through the door into the chamber's bathroom, the center of which was an enormous basin, the edges of which were gilded all over in intricate gold and silver patterns. "What even is that?"

"It's called a bathtub," Vessala explained seriously. "We women like to remain clean, so we bathe in water to wash ourselves." 

"I know what a bathtub is," said Burk, exasperated. "I just don't understand why everything has to be made of gold." He slipped into the water. It was cold, but not as cold as the streams he normally bathed in. Still, he wasted no time, scrubbing the various accumulated filth of the last couple of days (and last night) from his body. 

"Did you seriously think that men never take baths?" he asked Vessala. 

"Well, the lot of you always smell absolutely awful."

"Yes, that happens because of this thing called 'sweat', which is the result of 'work'. I can see why you Ladies of Bosom wouldn't be able to relate."

"If women did the work, men would have no purpose to exist."

Burk sighed, stepping from the bathtub. Debating with women was pointless. Only fucking yielded desirable results, he found. 

When he emerged from the bathroom, his new bitch was waking up. 

Jenia moaned slightly, eyes opening. She smiled as she saw Burk. "Good morning, Master." She sat up slowly, clearly sore from last night's activities. "How may I serve you?"

"Well, for starters, remove this collar." 

"Yes sir." She slid out of bed on wobbly legs and approached him, face downcast. Doubtless she was ashamed that she had tried to chain him in the first place, as she should be. Her delicate hands unfastened the thrall collar and allowed it to fall to the floor. Burk smiled, touching his neck. He hated being chained.

"You're leaving, aren't you Master." It was more of a statement than a question and her voice was filled with so much sadness that he almost felt bad.

"Yes, I'm leaving. There are things I must do."

"What shall I do once you are gone?"

Burk considered. "What were you doing before?"

"I was attempting to conquer a neighboring province in order to capture the Lady of the province and take her Bosom. My eventual goal was to gain enough Feminine Power to apply for a Barony and move to the capital, where I could continue to gain more Bosom and political power."

"Just keep doing that," said Burk. "I like sluts with big tits." He turned away and stepped toward the door, but she fell to her knees and grasped his leg. 

"Please," she pleaded, "Please just let me serve you one more time."

Burk nodded. "Very well. Suck." 

Jenia eagerly ran her tongue along his flaccid shaft, flicking it over the tip of the head. As Burk's massive manhood began to stiffen, she engulfed the head with her mouth and sucked gently, tongue lapping at the underside and teeth brushing gently against the shaft. The heat of her mouth contrasted sharply with the cold morning air. Burk sighed and relaxed, allowing his first bust-bearing bitch to bathe his cock with her mouth. She looked up at him adoringly as she bobbed her head, slurping and sucking with increasing intensity. Her attentions brought him ever closer to release, until he passed the point of no return.

Just before he came he pulled his cock from her mouth. The first stream of his spunk flew over her head, splattering the opposite wall. Burk quickly re-aimed his cum cannon and emptied the remainder of his copious seed all over her face and tits.

As the final streams of Burk's semen dribbled out of his cock, Jenia fell onto her back. Still coated in last night's filth in addition to the new steaming load on her face and tits, she began to masturbate, one hand roughly squeezing her breast, the other seeking out her pussy and vigorously rubbing her clit. "Master," she gasped in between moans, "Please master, may I please cum?"

"You may," said Burk absently. He turned to leave as her cry of pleasure reached its highest pitch. 

Burk walked out of the keep and out of the castle. A few officers stepped forward as if to stop him, but the froze, gaping at his cock as he walked naked past them, head held high. He grabbed a pair of pants from one of the barracks on the way out, then stepped unchallenged onto the open road. 

"All right then," he said to Vessala. "Let's get started. What do I have to do to break the seals on your prison?"

"The first seal is about a day's journey east of here," Vessala replied.

Burk walked east.

"The seals are borne by specific Ladies of Bosom; the Queen's closest confidants at the time of our battle twenty years ago," Vessala continued. "At first, the Queen thought she could create the spell using only three seals based on the Three Feminine Virtues, Intelligence, Courage, and Motherhood. However, the spell was unstable, so she was forced to place a fourth seal, the seal of Chastity, on to the infant daughter of one of the other seal-bearers. 

"The bearers of the seals of Chastity, Intelligence, and Courage all reside far from the capital so as to minimize the chances of the seals being broken all at once. The Queen herself bears the seal of Motherhood. Once all are broken, I will be free."

"So in order to break the seals, I have to fuck the girls," Burk guessed. "Otherwise, why would you need me specifically?"

"Yes," replied Vessala, "but it's more complicated than that. Right now we are headed toward the stronghold of Baroness Mirah Vageena, bearer of the seal of Chastity. The seal itself lies upon her hymen. In order to break it you will need to take her virginity, but not by force. The seal will not break unless she gives her virginity to you willingly, and before you put her in thrall. That could be difficult, even for you."

"I'll figure it out." He paused. "Does she have big tits?"

"She is a Baroness, so her Bosom is undoubtedly at least twice as large as that country floozy you just finished ravishing," Vessala purred. 

"Excelent." ------------------------------------------------------

Axina

Axina simply couldn't keep her eyes off of the Duchess Matrona's massive Bosom. As the carriage rolled, the motherly Lady's giant mounds of feminine flesh jiggled ever so slightly. How could such large breasts sit so perkily upon the woman's chest? It was as if they defied gravity itself. Axina wouldn't be surprised. With the power of a Duchess, such a spell would doubtless be very simple. Next to her, Axina felt like a little girl. 

"So, Miss Bethasuse, who taught you to wield Feminine Power? Your mother perhaps?" Axina started, looking up at the Duchess's face. A twinkle in her eye and a slight smile on her lips told Axina that the older woman had noticed her staring. She blushed.

"N-no one taught me, my Lady," she stammered. "My mother... has been very ill since I was born."

Matrona looked surprised. "Really? Well, I thought your skill was lacking, but without instruction your level of mastery is actually quite impressive. I suppose that also explains why you do not know how to compress." She paused for a moment. "Miss Bethasuse, would you like to become my vassal?"

Axina's mouth fell open. She had not even dared hope for such an opportunity. Normally, a new Baroness would swear fealty to a newly promoted Countess. To become a vassal of the most powerful Duchess in the city... It was too good to pass up. "Yes," she said quickly. "I would be most honored."

"Good," said Matrona, leaning back. "I believe you have great potential, Miss Bethasuse, so I will take charge of your training from now on. First, you must learn to compress your Bosom. It's exceedingly simple. Just push your feminine power inward into itself. Concentrate." 

Axina closed her eyes, doing as Lady Matrona bid. She opened them again and watched with dismay as her magnificent Bosom (that she had spent such time and effort to expand) shrank from its former jiggling glory into two tiny bumps on her chest, not even large enough to fill a single hand. She sighed abjectly. She was going to need to get new dresses all over again. 

"Oh don't be so dramatic," admonished Matrona. "You only need keep you Bosom compressed while in public. At home you can let them hang out as much as you like. Speaking of which, have you acquired a permanent residence in the capital yet?" Axina shook her head. "Well then, you shall live with me for the time being. I have plenty of room in my mansion. We should be nearly there now." 

Sure enough the carriage stopped moments later. Axina stepped out and looked up. The Duchess's residence was indeed a mansion of great size. It even had a sizable garden. A garden, in the middle of the city! The mansion was located about three quarters of the way up the eastern hill, fairly close to the Arena, and the view was excellent. The Lady Matrona bid her come inside and led her to a comfortable, well furnished room.

"These will be your quarters for now," said Matrona. "Have your servants fetch your things, then come to my chambers to seal the contract of vassalage. Feel free to take a look around in the meantime." 

"Yes, my Lady," said Axina, curtsying quickly. She did as Matrona bid, sending her handmaidens to fetch her meager belongings from the inn, then set off to explore the grounds. The gardens were absolutely lovely, full of brightly covered flowers and hedges trimmed to look like women, animals, and even males. The garden was tended by several flat chested commoner servants. Axina chatted with them for a few moments; they were cheerful, respectful, and all around pleasant. While talking with them she was startled when a male walked down the garden path.

The male was like a great column of muscle, clad only in a dirty loincloth, he towered over Axina head and shoulders. He hurried down the path as a female servant prodded him from behind with a stick. "Ho!" called one of the gardeners. "A new acquisition? He looks like a strong one."

"Indeed!" Responded the servant with the stick, as she led the male to a blocky wooden building behind the garden. "We'll just have to see how well he performs in the Arena. Who knows, maybe he'll earn the Lady Maternia's favor?" She turned to the male. "You'd like that, wouldn't you, brute?" The male grunted in response. He must have been de-tongued already. 

In truth, living so close to a group of males made her anxious. Sure, there had been males back at her castle in the country, but they were a lot further from where she slept than this stable was from her new room. Many ladies took males as lovers (with the appropriate precautions of course) but Axina had never considered doing so herself. Certainly, the male form attracted her the same way it did most women, but Axina did NOT see the appeal in becoming a slave to the lusts of a brutish animal, even temporarily. 

Her own servants soon found her, informing her that they had finished moving her things into her new room, so she headed to lady Matrona's bedchamber. She knocked at the door. 

"Enter," came Matrona's voice.

Axina pushed open the door, stepped inside, and shut the door behind her. Matrona sat on the edge of her bed, idly running a brush through her hair. She straitened and smiled as Axina entered. "Ah, Miss Bethasuse. I trust you know the ceremony?"

"Yes, my Lady," responded Axina meekly. 

"Good. Let's get started."

Axina unbuttoned her dress and let it fall to the floor. She was to complete the ceremony nude. She fell to one knee in front of Matrona, bowing her head. "I, Baroness Axina Bethasuse, an inferior in Feminine Power and in rank, do petition your Ladyship Duchess Matrona Maternia for vassalage. I swear absolute obedience to your Ladyship until your death or until you release me from my oath. I swear it by all that makes me female." With her right hand she touched each of her breasts and her pussy in sequence. 

Matrona stood up, gently placing her left hand on Axina's head. "I, Duchess Matrona Maternia do accept, you, Baroness Axina Bethasuse as my vassal. All those who seek to hurt you must first come through me. I swear it by all that makes me female." She touched her own breasts and pussy through her clothes. "It is done. By tradition, I would have you eat me out now, but I first I would like to show you something, Miss Bethasuse. Tell me, would you like to see my Bosom, uncompressed?"

Axina raised her head, eyes wide. 

"I'll take that as a yes," said Matrona, grinning. She pulled her bodice down, revealing her giant watermelon-sized tits in all their firm, powerful glory. They seemed to radiate power. And they were already so big! Matrona closed her eyes, breathing deep. Slowly, her already massive tits began to expand. Matrona bent at the waist as her bosom decompression picked up speed. Her breasts doubled in size. Then they tripled. Then quadrupled. When they reached full size the twin orbs of flesh occupied half of the room. Matrona herself was no longer visible behind her own mountains of feminine perfection.

Axina was in the presence of a Goddess. What would it be like to wield so much power? She couldn't help herself. Her hands slid over her own body, one seeking her soaking pussy, the other cupping her own inadequate Bosom. It had come uncompressed and was now at full size. When had that happened? It didn't matter. Her breasts were still nothing compared to Matrona's. Mosquito bites. Specks. 

"You see now why it is considered common courtesy to compress your Bosom in public," said Matrona. "Higher ranking Ladies like myself simply can't be expected to walk around like this all the time." The twin mountains of flesh shrank gradually back down to their former, still enormous watermelon size. Matrona smirked as she saw Axina on her knees, masturbating and moaning piteously. She sat down on the edge of the bed. Axina watched, rapt, as Matrona spread her legs. "Come here, dear. It's rude to cum before your liege lady. 

Axina lowered her head and crawled to the bed, kneeling before Lady Matrona. Slowly, she lowered her unworthy mouth to her beautiful womanhood. The older woman's slight intake of breath as Axina's lips brushed against her clit was all the encouragement Axina needed. She dove in, slurping at the Duchess's slit with an almost religious fervor. Matrona was right, it was considered bad manners to reach orgasm before your liege. And Axina wanted to cum, badly. Through sheer force of will she removed her hands from her own breasts and pussy and placed them on Matrona's thighs instead. Matrona rested one hand gently on her head and purred appreciatively. "You are quite talented for one so young, Miss Bethasuse. And I mean that in more ways than one."

"Thank you My Lady," Axina responded between licks.

"Yes. Just keep going, just like that. Oh, I'm going to cum. Oh!" Matrona's hand pressed slightly harder against the back of Axina's head. Axina lapped up the sweet nectar that flowed from the junction of Matrona's thighs. As the Duchess's orgasm ended, Axina's hands flew back to her own hyper aroused body. "Not so fast, girl," Matrona chuckled. 

Axina moaned helplessly as her arms were pinned to her sides by Matrona's power. The Duchess gestured upward, and she was lifted off the ground and set gently on the bed, still unable to move her arms. "Please, My Lady," Axina almost sobbed. She thrashed around, trying in vain to stimulate her pussy on something, anything. "I need to cum, please let me cum!" Matrona was rummaging in her nightstand. What was she doing? Axina needed to cum NOW!

Matrona straitened, holding something in her hand. Axina's eyes widened in shock. It was made of dark, polished wood, and was seven or eight inches long, wickedly curved, with a wide section toward the top. "A dildo?! My Lady, if the Church found out you had that, you could be excommunicated!" Totemization of male anatomy was strictly forbidden under the precepts of the Most Nurturing and Feminine Church of Womanhood.

"I won't tell if you don't," said Matrona with a sly grin. She brought the dildo up to her mouth and ran her tongue along it from the base to the tip. 

Axina couldn't believe what she was seeing. Her new Goddess, possessing a forbidden object and acting so incredibly lewd, was too much for her mind to handle. But, if anything, the display only made her hotter. She squirmed in her invisible bonds. Matrona slid onto the bed, lying between Axina's parted legs. Axina squirmed helplessly as her new Liege Lady gently teased the entrance to her womanhood with the big wooden phallus. 

"You're so tight, girl," Matrona cooed. "I'm guessing you've never had anything bigger than a finger or tongue in here, is that right?" Axina nodded. "Then this will be an important step for you." She slid up Axina's body and kissed her lightly on the lips, her hands still holding the dildo against her cunt. Axina felt the awesome weight of Matrona's Bosom pressing against her own inadequate bust, utterly dominating and engulfing them. The pressure of the dildo against the lips of her pussy intensified. "You want it, don't you, Axina?" the older woman purred.

"Yes my Lady," gasped Axina. 

Matrona lowered her mouth to whisper in her ear. "Call me, 'Mother', dear." 

"I... yes, Mother. Please, fuck me mother!"

Axina gasped as the dildo slowly pushed its way into her pussy. Her hymen had broken when she was very young but she was still virginally tight, and despite her arousal the penetration by the hard, unforgiving wooden phallus was painful. As Matrona pushed it in to the hilt, Axina whimpered. 

"Does it hurt, dear?" Matrona embraced her, cooing gently. "Don't worry, it only hurts for a moment. There there..." Axina felt Matrona's breasts beginning to swell, and before long her entire head was engulfed between the two soft, pillowy mounds of feminine divinity. She nuzzled deep between Matrona's breasts, protected, comforted, and dominated by her new mother's superior Bosom. As Matrona pulled the dildo from her depths and pushed it back in, harder this time, Axina experienced her first orgasm of the night. She screamed, her cries of pleasure muffled by Matrona's titanic tits.

Matrona kept the dildo moving and the orgasms coming for over an hour. When, at last, she stopped, Axina was ready to pass out. Her head was spinning with pleasure the likes of which she had never before experienced. A great wave of tiredness washed over her, and as her eyes fell shut, she heard Matrona whisper, "One day you'll rise high, Axina, but tonight you belong to me."

Axina drifted off to sweet, deep sleep, head still nestled in her new Liege Lady's Bosom and dildo still up to the hilt in her pussy.