 Axina

Axina curtsied politely to her opponent as the referee signaled for the fight to begin. Across the sand of the Arena, her opponent, Baroness Wila Slu curtsied as well. Then with a flourish, a pink, translucent knife appeared in her hand. She sped across the Arena toward Axina a preternatural speed. 

Axina focused, channeling her Feminine Power into her own legs and enhancing their strength, allowing her to jump backward away from the knife thrust. She was not an enhancement specialist like Wila, so she knew that she couldn't avoid the other woman's attacks forever. Instead she elected to go on the offensive. She fired a deluge of water at Wila. Wila stood firm, enduring the attack, likely enhancing her arms and legs to maintain her footing. Axina used the opportunity to move back, putting some more distance between them. As Wila charged in for another strike, Axina knocked her onto her back with a hammer of wind. 

Dazed, Wila attempted to climb to her feet, but Axina pushed her down again with air and bound her hands and feet to the ground. The other Baroness was at Axina's mercy. All that was left was to make her surrender. 

Axina channeled her power into her hand, creating a pink flame. She had spent the better part of two weeks mastering this spell, on Lady Matrona's advice. "All the power in the world won't help you win duels if you can't get your opponent to surrender," she had said. "If the fight lasts more than an hour, then it's a draw, no matter how much you've dominated. What you need is a surefire way to create pleasure or pain. Or both."

Axina straddled the pinned Baroness, pulling down her bodice to reveal her tits. They were perky little handfuls, slightly larger than Axina's. 

"You are as good as they say," Willa panted as Axina tweaked her nipple. "But can you make me give up? I'm pretty stubborn, you know."

Axina simply smiled and brought the pink flame down onto Wila's right breast. Wila's eyes shot open. "Oh," her eyes rolled back in her head. "Oh, that's good..." Axina changed the flow of power to the flame, and it changed color to an angry red. Wila screamed in pain. Although the flame did not actually burn her, it would feel very much like it did. 

Axina moved the flame to Wila's left breast, changing it back to the pink, pleasure flame. Then she shifted it again to the right breast, and back to the red, pain flame. She moved it back and forth as Wila writhed beneath her, alternating, pleasure, pleasure, pain, pleasure, pain, pain, pain pleasure, but she still refused to give up. 

Axina paused for a moment, allowing Wila to catch her breath. Then she turned around, grasped Wila's skirt, and began to pull it up.

"No, please!" Wila moaned. "I give up."

The referee moved in from the side. "Baroness Wila Slu has surrendered!" she shouted. "Baroness Axina Bethasuse wins!" The crowd cheered as Axina stood, planting a foot between the breasts of her defeated opponent. Axina's Liege Lady, Duchess Matrona Maternia, gave her an approving smile from the stands. Axina curtsied to her. She was glad to have made Matrona proud. Now, it was time to claim the prize of victory. 

Axina hiked up her skirt, exposing her pussy, and straddled the head of the defeated Baroness Wila. "Eat me, loser," she snickered. 

"I'll get you back for this, Bethasuse," Wila grumbled, but she did as commanded, tongue softly and skillfully caressing the folds of Axina's cunt. 

Axina sighed her defeated opponent's soft tongue lapped at her clit. "Goddesses, I love winning," she laughed, caressing Wila's bosom. "You really shouldn't have said those things about my mother, Wila."

"Oh come now, Axina. Everyone knows your mother is a huge slu-ummmph!" Axina pushed her muff harder against Wila's mouth, silencing her. 

"I didn't say you could talk bitch!" She twisted Wila's nipple cruelly for good measure. Honestly these people who whispered rumors about her mother had no respect. The woman was ill, for goddess's sake. In any case, dominating Wila was fun, but it was time to take her prize. She felt Wila's breasts, squeezing softly. In their currently compressed state they were just large enough to fill Axina's hands. Axina loved this moment, a rival's soft, round, warm tits in her hands, just before she took them. Her fingers tightened, digging into Wila's soft skin, and the globes of flesh in her hands began to shrink as raw power coursed up Axina's arms, collecting in her own enlarging Bosom. She wanted to take it all! 

But there were rules, here in the capital. She released Wila's breasts, hands instead groping at her own, feeling it's increased size with glee. She had taken about a quarter of Wila's size, and Wila had been larger than her beforehand. The rush that came with the acquisition of additional power had left Axina on the edge. She grunted, grinding her sopping pussy against Wila's face, and within seconds she was trembling as an intense orgasm coursed through her. "Oh, yeah," she gasped. "Fucking... Fuck. YES!" 

Axina stood, legs still unsteady, leaving Wila in the sand with her face coated in Axina's juices. A few in the crowd cheered, although the stands in the arena were far from full today, and most of the observers were watching a battle between two countesses that was occurring to Axina's left. Axina did catch a glimpse of the smiling face of her Liege, the Duchess Matrona Maternia, which she returned. Matrona met her outside of the arena where they both stepped into the Duchess's carriage. "Congratulations, Miss Bethasuse! Your technique has much improved in a very short time. Your talent is nothing short of remarkable." 

"Thank you, My Lady," said Axina, blushing, as she sat down opposite her Liege in the carriage. That was high praise coming from Matrona. 

Matrona glanced at her slyly, hiking up her skirt. "We're alone in here, girl."

"Yes, Mother," Axina said softly. She sank to her knees on the floor of the carriage, leaning forward to taste the older woman's wet core. Matrona tasted divine, and as always, Axina felt like a scrawny twelve year old in her presence. As Axina glanced upward, all she saw were the undersides of Matrona's titanic tits. 

The older woman cooed. "You're such an obedient little daughter, Axina. Mmmm, and you've got such an agile little tongue too." She breathed in sharply and let it out in a soft hiss. "That it, girl. Make your mommy feel good. Oh yes. Ooooooh!"

The mother-daughter thing was a fetish of Matrona's. The older woman had borne five children, all of them male, so Axina was like her surrogate daughter. Axina didn't mind. Other than the Queen herself, Duchess Matrona Maternia was the second most powerful woman in the entire realm, both in political influence and Feminine Power. In the capital, Matrona was the most powerful (apart from the Queen of course) and she had the Bosom to show it. Axina knew she was truly blessed that such a powerful regal, and sexy Lady had taken her under her wing, and she was more than happy to accommodate any of the Duchess's kinks. And besides, Axina had never really been very close to her own mother, on account of her illness. 

Before long, the muscles in Matrona's legs tightened and her pussy convulsed against Axina's tongue. Axina lapped up the sweet juices that dripped from Matrona's snatch eagerly. It was truly delicious. Some said that the size of one's Bosom affected the taste of one's pussy, and based on Axina's experience, this was true. 

Matrona patted Axina's head as she came down from her orgasm. "Mmmmm. Thank you Dear, that was exquisite."

"My pleasure, Mother," Axina said, bowing her head respectfully and licking her lips. 

"I have a surprise waiting for you back at the mansion," said Matrona huskily. "A big surprise, you might say." 

"I can't wait," Axina responded. She wondered what it could be. A bigger dildo, perhaps? She would have to wait and find out. 

Burk

"You're a traveler, ain't ya, lad?" asked the old man Burk was working beside. "I ain't seen ya around before. Don't worry, I won't tell nobody." Officially, travel between villages was forbidden to males, but such rules were impossible for women, even Ladies of Bosom, to enforce. 

"Yep," Burk responded. "I'm a traveler." He swung his hoe at a weed, cutting it off at the base. 

"Well then, lad, I do appreciate the help and all, but you'd better skedaddle. The Lady Mirah is commin' through this village today to make her selection. A young, strong man like yourself would get picked for sure. I'd get while the gettin's good."

"What does she do with the ones she picks?" Burk asked as he continued to cut weeds away from the crops. 

"No one knows." Said the old man. "A friend of mine got picked this last winter. He came back a week later and seemed fine, but when I asked him what had happened he didn't say. None of 'em ever say. I've heard whispers from her castle guards about experiments that are forbidden by the church... Well, I say, don't risk it. Who knows what kind of twisted shit she does to em? They say she's some kinda scholar. Maybe she cuts em open and looks at their insides!"

"Thanks for your concern," said Burk, "but I think I'll take the chance." He continued to work in silence. The important thing was to get close enough to the Baroness Mirah Vageena to break the seal and claim her. 

Half our later, a military procession rounded the fork in the road. At the center, surrounded by female officers, strode Lady of Bosom, most likely Mirah Vageena. She was shorter than average, with brown hair pulled up into a bun. She was very young, probably the same age as Burk, and she was dressed more richly than Jenia had been. On her nose perched a pair of half rim spectacles, through which she peered at the males as they worked the fields. Disappointingly, her breasts were much smaller than Jenia's. 

"What the hell," Burk muttered under his breath.

The voice of Vessala, the Black Witch, sighed in his ear. "She is compressing her Bosom, obviously, as any Lady of decent breeding would do while in public."

"Well, how do I get her to UNcompress it then?" Burk muttered.

"Force her to lose concentration. Or just put her in thrall and order her to. But, remember that in order for this to work, you must not put her into thrall before breaking her hymen. And, you mustn't rape her. If you do the seal will not break."

"Yeah, I know." As the procession passed by, Burk raised his eyes to meet the imperious gaze of the Lady. She halted, looking back at him, intrigued. She quickly issued commands to two of her officers and they stepped off the road, walking toward Burk. 

"You there!" one of the officers shouted to him as she approached. "State your number."

"5461," replied Burk.

"The Lady Mirah wishes to examine you. Be grateful, male."

"Sure, whatever," Burk replied allowing the officers to escort him to the Lady Mirah's entourage. The officer who spoke seemed annoyed at his insolent tone, but she said nothing. Moments later, Burk stood before Baroness Mirah Vageena. She was even prettier up close, though she also seemed shorter. 

She approached him slowly, tilting her head slightly and peering up at him through her glasses intently. "A most interesting specimen," she cooed. With a gloved hand she delicately reached out and prodded his chest, feeling the firmness of his muscle. "Yes indeed. I will learn much from you, I think." 

Burk grinned. "Perhaps you might."

"Well, come along then," the Lady Mirah shouted to her escort. "Back to the castle. I am anxious to conduct my experiments." The procession continued, Mirah's officers pushing Burk along. He walked with them without complaint. 

"It strikes me as odd that the bearer of the Seal of Chastity should become a scholar," mused Vessala in a voice only Burk could hear. "Especially since her mother, who bears the Seal of Intelligence, is Papess of the Most Nurturing and Feminine Church of Womanhood. Scholarship is generally frowned upon by the church. Perhaps this is some form of childish rebellion?"

Burk could hardly answer, surrounded as he was by Mirah's escort. Instead he focused his attention on Mirah herself. Her form was quite pleasing indeed, and he began to imagine what she would look like, feel like, and sound like as he fucked her. 

After a few hours journey they reached the Lady Mirah's castle. Burk had to admit, he was very impressed. The structure was not only much larger than Jenia's castle had been, but also much more ornate; dotted with gothic arches and lifelike gargoyles. As he passed through the gate, he noted by the wear of the stone that it was likely much older than Jenia's castle as well. The inside of the courtyard was dotted with fountains depicting naked men and women. About half of them seemed to have been destroyed for some reason. 

The Lady Mirah's escort split up after passing through the gate, only Burk and his two guards following her to the castle keep. Ultimately the room they led him to was not a bedchamber but a study, walls lined with bookshelves. Burk's blood ran cold as he saw chains hung down from the ceiling, attached to a frame that's purpose was clearly to keep someone suspended in the air, unable to move. The lady Mirah motioned toward the chains and the two guards seized Burk. 

Burk was not going to be chained. With a roar, he hurled one guard across the room. The other guard struck him with the butt of her spear, but he hardly even felt it. He seized the second guard, but as he was doing so the Lady Mira touched his forehead with two fingers. There was a spark, and suddenly Burk felt weak, his consciousness fading. 

"Fuck," he murmured. Then everything went black.

When Burk awoke he was chained and hung naked inches above the floor, his arms spread wide. He growled, opening his eyes. The lady Mirah peered back at him through her spectacles. She smiled. "I do apologize for knocking you out," she said, "and for... restraining you. It was necessary, I'm afraid, for me to maintain control of the situation, and I find thrall collars to be distasteful."

"You'll regret this, bitch," Burk spat. 

"I regret it already," Mirah replied. "I must admit," she cooed, caressing Burk's massive flaccid shaft softly with one hand, "I was tempted, so tempted, to just let you have your way with me. To surrender my virginity to this monster and live the rest of my life in the thrall of a male. But alas, the consequences of such an action would simply be too dire. I will have to settle for a Ceremony of Worship."

She stepped back and crossed her hands over her chest, seizing a massive breast in each hand through her dress. Her lips emitted a sexy little gasp of pleasure at the pressure. Then she swiftly knelt before Burk and touched her forehead to the floor. "Man is King," she declaimed reverently. 

"What?" This wasn't what Burk had been expecting. 

Mirah straightened, and looked up at Burk, still kneeling. "Man is King," she repeated. "'Man' is the archaic term for 'male', and 'king' refers to a male ruler." Burk stared at her blankly. She sighed. "I suppose I should explain further. Well I hope your chains are comfortable. 

"My mother, Xencina Vageena is the Papess of The Most Nurturing and Feminine Church of Womanhood. Growing up, whenever I had a question she would direct me toward the scriptures. More and more, I found that the church's answers didn't satisfy me. I needed to see the world with my own eyes, to gain real knowledge. I began to study males, first as a form of rebellion as males are considered unholy by the church, but the more I learned the more fascinated I became. My tests universally pointed to a shocking truth: absent the advantage of Feminine Power, males are superior to females in every way. The more I observed, the more came to realize that, contrary to the teachings of the church, men are truly divine, not women. So why then do women rule over men? I turned my study toward the field of history, and what I found was even more surprising. There was a time before the rise of the Ladies of Bosom, about five hundred years ago, when Men ruled the earth. Furthermore, all the evidence I have found indicates that this time was one of greatness. 

"For example, take this castle. It was built by men, during the Era of Kings. No building built since the rise of the Ladies of Bosom has matched its majesty, its craftsmanship. In fact, all of the great buildings in the capital were built during the Era of Kings and then repurposed later, from the Arena, to the Cathedral, and even the Royal palace. 

"I dared not publish my findings of course. But I did search, discreetly, for other Ladies who might know the truth. In the end, they approached me: a secret society of Ladies of Bosom who are dedicated to bringing about the return of the Era of Kings: The Phallic Cult. We of the Phallic Cult believe that Man is King, and that cock-thrall is a holy state which women should seek whenever possible. We also hold it to be our joyful obligation to provide our Kings with the pleasure they deserve." She grinned. "But forgive me, your majesty, I ramble on while I should be worshiping your cock."

Burk sighed as Mirah's hot mouth engulfed the head of his gradually hardening dick. Vessala's voice chuckled in his head. "The Papess's daughter is a cock worshiper! How ironic. And idiotic. Everyone knows women are supreme. In any case, just fuck her already."

Burk made no reply. After all, he was still in chains and unable to move. Below, Mirah pulled her mouth off of his cock with a *POP*. She stared up at its fully erect length in awe. "Your Majesty's cock is truly magnificent. If other men are kings, you must be an emperor!"

"Take off these chains," demanded Burk, "And spread your legs, slut."

Mirah stood up and stepped back. "Alas, I cannot comply, your majesty. The Phallic Cult teaches that it is a grave sin to deny a King the right to use one's body as he pleases, but in this case I must beg your forgiveness. Then again, a baptism of your seed will surely wash away all my transgressions." She reached behind her back, undoing the buttons on her dress. It fell to the floor. Underneath, she wore only a pair of white stockings, which were soaked down her inner thighs with her arousal. She knelt before him again, massaging her breasts. Burk watched with rapt attention as the twin globes of soft flesh began to swell beneath her hands. She moaned lewdly as her tits reached full size: four times the size of her head. Despite their enormous size, both bountiful boobs sat round and firm on the Lady Mirah's chest, bouncing only slightly as she moved. 

"Does your majesty like my Bosom?" Mirah cooed. "My breasts truly exist for the pleasure of men, not to delineate my own petty social standing. Here, let me show you." Mirah inched forward wrapping her enormous tits around the base of Burk's cock and squeezing. Burk gasped in pleasure at the heat and pressure. Mirah licked at the underside of his shaft which was pressed against her face. Then, slowly, she began to raise her chest up, squeezing her tits up the shaft of Burk's huge cock. As she slid her magnificent melons back down his colossal member the feeling of pleasure intensified. It felt a lot like the handjob Burk had received from Jenia.

Except it was much, much better. Mirah kept up the magical titfuck, slurping at the underside of his cock with every stroke. "Oooh, your majesty, your cock is so huge. Please, grant me the gift of your cum! Please baptize me in your seed. Wash away my sin against your divine masculine greatness!" The pleasure, combined with the sight of Mirah wantonly worshipping his cock as no woman had ever before (especially not BEFRORE he fucked them) was too much even for Burk's monumental self-control. His hips began to buck, his balls tightening. 

