 Burk

Burk contentedly caressed Mirah's tits as they both basked in the afterglow of their most recent fuck. The Baroness's bountiful bosom overflowed his hands, soft flesh slipping between his fingers as he squeezed. Mirah paused her tirade to squeal in pleasure, but quickly returned to her heated debate with Vessala concerning whether women or men were superior. Mirah clutched the bracelet on Burk's arm, allowing her to hear the voice of the Black Witch as she lay with her head resting against his chest, cum still oozing from her pussy. The night was quiet apart from the crickets, and the tent he and Mirah occupied was spacious and comfortable, as befit a Lady of Mirah's social standing. 

Burk smiled. He enjoyed Mirah's company, and not just for the obvious reasons. The woman was quick-witted and passionate. Additionally, her personality did not seem to have changed much when he put her in cock-thrall. Of course, she had been submissive and slutty right from the start, so Burk supposed there wasn't much to change. 

Mirah had been eager to help Burk on his quest, which he had not expected, and with her aid he was probably going to have an easy time approaching her mother, the Papess. The Papess was Burk's next target on his quest to free the Black Witch. As bearer of the seal of Intelligence and highest authority of the kingdom's religion, she was surely going to be a formidable foe. Luckily, she could hardly refuse her own daughter an audience. That would be Burk's chance to strike. For the moment, he turned his attention to the debate between his newest bitch and his invisible companion.

"Nonsense!" declared Mirah. "All of my tests showed conclusively that males surpass females in intelligence as well as physical strength." 

"Something must have been wrong with your tests, then," sneered the disembodied voice of Vessala. "Because men are stupid apes. Ultramale! What is the difference between Enhancement and Elemental Feminine magic?"

Burk shrugged. 

"You see? And the sad thing is, he's BETTER than most of them."

"Knowledge is not a measure of intelligence, but of education, Witch. If you give a man and a woman a puzzle, the man will probably finish it first."

"Even if I agreed with that premise and accepted the validity of your tests, which I don't, there is still the issue of Feminine Power. Surely you must admit that women possess a deep, spiritual link to the earth and the Goddesses that men lack. Otherwise, why would women and ONLY women possess the power of creation itself?"

"Ah, but if Feminine Power also leaves its wielder vulnerable to cock-thrall. If Bosom was meant to set us OVER men, then why does it betray us and enslave us to them whenever one of them sticks his cock inside us?" 

"The problem," Vessala stated mater-of-factly, "Is that too much Bosom has been accumulated by too few individuals. The Ladies of Bosom horde the Feminine power of the common woman, which grants them power, yes- but it also makes them far too vulnerable to men. Not to mention, it leaves the vast majority of the female population cut off from the divinity of womanhood. That is why no woman should be allowed to steal Bosom from another. Then, all women could peacefully rule over men together and keep them in their place." 

"Bah," Mirah snorted. "The utopian women's republic that you and your supporters advocate is not only morally reprehensible, it is untenable." 

"Well, then, I'd love to hear what public policy the Phallic Cult intends on advancing, assuming this 'glorious' male revolution of yours ever materializes." 

"Society will be divided into three strata. The first group will be made up of men, for Man is King, and should rule over all women in splendor. Directly beneath them will be the Slut Caste, which will consist of the women who acknowledge and embrace male supremacy and devote their bodies and minds to the service of Men. The third and lowest caste will be the Unfuckables- those women who defy the power of masculinity. The Unfuckables will have all their Bosom taken from them by the Sluts, who will use feminine power for its true purpose: worship of superior Men."

"Except that men are morons. Which means in reality, the system will be the same as it is now: controlled by a relatively small group of extremely endowed Ladies of Bosom. Except under your system, the ruling class will spend most of its time in cock-thrall. Gee, I wonder what could possibly go wrong."

"I think you're both wrong," declared Burk. The debate ground to a halt. Mirah stared at him, startled, and he sensed Vessala would be doing the same if she had eyes. "You keep talking about 'divinity'. Men are divine, or women are divine, and deserve to rule because they are superior and transcendent yada yada yada. I think that's stupid. As far as I can tell, both men and women are just meat. As for whoever is meant to rule, I would say no one. At least, I acknowledge no authority, male or female, over me. Authority is like chains. I don't like chains. 

"Of course, I only want to fuck women. So in that sense at least, I suppose women are superior since only women can please my cock." He scratched his head. "I will have to think more on this." 

Both women continued to stare at him. "This one certainly has a one track mind," Vessala finally commented. "Deciding the relative superiority or inferiority of a group of people based on your penis's erectile state is an... interesting methodology."

"To be fair, it is a pretty awesome cock," said Mirah, reaching down to caress it and finding it hard. With a squeal of delight she slid down his body and engulfed the head in her hot mouth and sucked hard. 

Burk sighed, stroking Mirah's hair as she blew him. Of all the women he had fucked, Mirah required the most effort to satiate. She was also the most fun. Plus, she was an excellent cocksucker. With a *Pop*, the busty slut pulled her mouth off his cock and buried her face in his balls, slurping noisily. 

"Vessala," Burk said. "You still haven't told me how to break the seal of intelligence."

"Indeed." Vessala paused. "The seal of intelligence lies on the Papess's tongue. To break it, you have to get her to suck your dick. But you can't use coercion or violence, nor can you put her in cock-thrall beforehand. She has to put your dick in her mouth with her own free will."

"That sounds challenging," said Burk.

"I'm sure you'll think of something."

Burk rolled his eyes. Then he gently pushed Mirah's head away from his cock and flipped her onto her back. She moaned lewdly as he lined up his fifteen inch member with her sodden slit. This time, he was going to fuck her until she passed out. Otherwise he was never going to get any sleep. 

-------------------------------------------

Axina

In Matrona's room, sitting on her bed, was a male. "Your surprise, Miss Bethasuse," said Matrona. 

Axina clutched her hands before her in disgust. "Lady Matrona," she protested. "I... I don't really want... I mean..."

Matrona walked up behind her, gently grasping her shoulders. "I know that you have misgivings, Axina, and I don't blame you. I have made some inquiries concerning your mother, so I understand why the idea of sex with a male might cause some anxiety. But you must know that what happened to your mother was a... special case. Normally the state of enthrallment is very temporary."

Axina eyed the male. He wasn't as large as some of Matrona's gladiators, but even so, his body was covered in hard, cruel muscle. Not soft and beautiful like a woman's. His chin was covered in ugly stubble and his hair was closely cropped to his head. He wore only a loincloth over his... organ. For the moment, he sat docile, eyes lowered. A chain from the head of Matrona's bed led to a collar around his neck. A thrall collar. That took the edge off Axina's anxiety, but she remained on edge. 

"I know that, Lady Matrona. Even so, I don't see why I should... fornicate with one of them." 

Still behind her, Matrona leaned in to whisper in her ear. "Surely you must have noticed, dear, how your libido rises every time you acquire more Bosom." Matrona's hands slid downward, lightly brushing over Axina's upper body until they were caressing her breasts. "As you continue to gain more power, you will get hornier and hornier. You will need to learn to manage your lust, and eventually masturbation, and even the touch of other women, simply won't be enough." She chuckled huskily. "Not even if the other woman is me. So you will need to make use of men, and you might as well get used to it now." 

"B-But their dirty," Axina whispered. 

Matrona released her and stepped over to the male. "Not if you wash them," she replied absently. She reached out and caressed the male's face gently and with affection. "How are you today, 2342?" She asked. 

The male looked up at her in awe and smiled. Matrona retuned the smile and bent to kiss him full on the lips. When she pulled back from the kiss, her face was flushed. "I had 2342's voice box removed instead of his tongue. The operation was a bit pricier, but worth every penny. Males should always be able to both kiss and fuck in my opinion." She brushed aside the male's loincloth. Axina felt her eyes bug. 2342's penis was only semi-erect, but already it was larger than the dildo Matrona had used on her on the night she swore vassalage. And it was getting bigger and harder every second, twitching like it had a life of its own. Matrona grasped it gently and gave it a few pumps to speed up the process. 

The male reached up and caressed Matrona's Bosom, but she brushed his hands away. "Not me today, dear," she admonished. She pointed at Axina. "You're hear for her. Be extra gentle with her now, she isn't very experienced." The male's looked at her. It appeared that he hadn't realized Axina had even been in the room before. Axina was frightened by his sudden, intense gaze. 

Matrona stood up and walked to the door. Before going through it, she said, "This one will cure you of your phobia Axina. After all I carried and birthed him myself. He is VERY good. As good as the male who fathered him, I would say. Have fun!" And with that, she shut the door, leaving Axina to her fate. 

The male stood and began slowly walking toward Axina. She didn't realize she was backing up until her back hit the wall. Thoughts of her mother kept racing through her mind. She was terrified of what this brutish creature was about to do to her. She was also incredibly, terribly aroused. After all, despite her feelings about males' brutish ways, despite her love of the ideal feminine form, she was still attracted to males. Her pussy positively dripped underneath her skirt as this ugly column of male muscle approached, hard cock at the ready. To be fair, he didn't smell as bad as most men, although the smell still made her stomach want to turn. And it made her pussy even wetter. 

The male stood before her, appearing confused. He reached out to touch her, but she batted his hand away. "Don't you dare touch me you ugly brute!" she shrieked. He appeared even more confused. 

"Ugh. Alright, let's get this over with." She marched over to the bed and plopped down on it, pulling her skirt up around her waist. "But don't you dare touch me." This time, the male looked amused. "Any more than is absolutely necessary," she amended. 

He rolled his eyes (cheeky bastard) and crawled over her, careful not to touch her as he lined up his sizable member with her embarrassingly aroused quim. She closed her eyes and tried not to breathe in the male's offensive scent. She did her best not to squirm as the tip of his dick pressed lightly against the entrance to her pussy, fighting down panic as he began to thrust it forward. It was so big! And then, all of a sudden her labia gave way and he was inside her. 

As his cock entered her Axina felt his will pressing against her mind. She resisted with all her might, but he was just so strong... She felt her will beginning to crack. As he pulled back for a second thrust, she broke, and his will poured into her like a river after a dam is destroyed. An intense tingling sensation began in her breasts and coursed throughout her body, making it difficult to think. It only lasted a moment, a fraction of a second. When the feeling faded, she opened her eyes.

2342 stared down at her, uncertain. He was still carefully positioning himself so that no part of him was touching her except for his dick in her pussy. 

Goddess, he was beautiful. 

Axina raised one trembling hand to feel the hardness of his chest- so unlike a woman's, but so appealing. Every part of him was gorgeous, from his intense brown eyes to his square jaw, to his taught abs, to his strong legs. How could she not have seen it before? 

"Touch me," Axina demanded of this beautiful creature. "Take me, feel me, FUCK ME!"

2342 didn't hesitate. He slammed his hips forward in a powerful thrust and brought his hands down to caress her tits. She let them decompress under his hands, squealing in delight as he pinched her nipples, then moaning in ecstasy as his mouth descended on her right breast. For a moment she was worried. Did he like her Bosom? Surely he would be used to Matrona's much larger tits... But he seemed pleased. Axina felt relieved. 

A storm of pleasure was rapidly brewing in Axina's pussy. She began grinding her hips up into his, seeking the sweet release she sensed was just around the corner. Finally, she came with a scream of passion, her blood seeming to catch fire as she pressed herself against him, seeking maximum contact. 

Her orgasm felt amazing, but left her feeling strangely unfulfilled. With a start, she realized that what she most desired was not her own pleasure, but his. She wanted to please him, but she didn't know how. But there was one thing she could do: give him control. She pushed him away for a moment, and looked into his eyes. 

"Fuck me however you want," she told him. 

A grin slowly crept across his face. Then he seized her, easily lifting her and flipping her over onto her hands and knees. With a grunt, he thrust into her with savage power, pushing her entire body forward. He leaned over her, burying a fist in her hair and pulling her head back, alternating between kissing and nipping at her neck as his powerful thrusts drove at her again and again. He was taking her just like an animal. Just like...

"I'm your BITCH!" she shrieked. "Oh, fuck me fuck me FUCK!" She was cumming again, slamming her hips back to meet his thrusts and gushing all over his cock. She had barely come down from that orgasm when another overtook her, this one even more intense. He was fucking her to get himself off, now, rather than to please her. And that turned her on more than anything. 

Finally 2342 pulled out of her with a groan, cock shooting hot cum all over her ass and her back. She loved the feeling of the hot seed cooling against her skin, but she was too tired to enjoy it for long. She collapsed forward, 2342 falling to the bed beside her. As she drifted off to sleep, she thought she saw a bit of awe in his eyes as he looked at her. But then again, perhaps that was just a reflection. 

Hours later, she awoke to a quiet shuffling noise. It was still too dark to see clearly, but she could hardly mistake the gigantic Bosom that hung mere inches away from her face. Matrona. She seemed to be examining 2342's thrall collar. 

"Lady Matrona," Axina said groggily. 

"Oh, I did not mean to wake you dear," Matrona responded. Then, more to herself then to Axina, "There appears to be a small crack in this collar... interesting..."

"What does that mean?" asked Axina. Her head felt like it was full of straw. Thinking was hard. 

"It means you may be the one we've been searching for. Go back to seep. We'll talk in the morning once you're rested and out of cock-thrall." 

"Mmmm... Ok." Axina closed her eyes.