 Axina

Axina scrubbed herself thoroughly, attempting to remove every trace the smell of male from her body. The smell did not make Axina nauseous, like it had before last night, but it still wouldn't do to go around stinking of male. Her face heated as she recalled last night's events. She had SUBMITTED to a MALE. She had let herself be taken like a sow. She had shouted that she was his bitch! Axina couldn't help herself. She slipped a hand beneath the water of her bath, seeking her pussy. For several minutes she furiously frigged herself, reliving 2342's powerful thrusts. Finally she came hard, trying her best not to cry out. Then she shook herself and got out of the bath. 

Axina quickly dried herself off and got dressed. It wouldn't do to keep Lady Matrona waiting. Once she was presentable, Axina quickly approached the Duchess's study and knocked on the door. Matrona beckoned her to enter. She was sitting behind her desk, thoughtful expression on her face. On the desk sat a collar, which Axina recognized as the one 2342 had been wearing the previous night. 

"Ah, Axina. Splendid. I trust your first experience with a male was... satisfactory?" 

Axina blushed. "Yes, my Lady. You were right, as usual." 

"Excellent. I shall see that 2342 is specially rewarded. And perhaps now you have a better understanding of the underbelly of politics in the city."

Politics? What was Matrona talking about? What did males have to do with... And then it dawned on her. "My Lady, you said the more Bosom one gains, the stronger one's lust becomes. So then, all the most powerful Ladies must need access to males... I had wondered why someone of your lofty station trades in something as low as gladiators. Now it all makes sense!"

"Indeed. Gladiators are not the only source of cock within the capital, but they are the best. Nothing makes you want a male more than watching him kill another male; actually it's quite a strange phenomenon. And all the Ladies of note are complete cock addicts. By controlling the supply of cock, I can practically control the whole city." Matrona smiled knowingly. "Now, let's talk about this, shall we?" She tapped the collar. Upon inspection, it appeared to have a small crack. 

"The thrall-collar, my Lady?" 

"Indeed." Matrona paused. "I enchanted this collar myself, obviously with the purpose of holding in my thrall any male I place it upon. These things are quite durable." She pointed out the crack. "But while you lay with 2342, this one broke."

"I... erm. I apologize wholeheartedly for damaging your property, my Lady," said Axina, embarrassed. "2342 and I were quite... active."

"A thrall collar would not break in ordinary circumstances, Miss Bethasuse. I assure you, it has seen much, MUCH harder use than your activities last night."

"Well then begging my Lady's pardon, what happened too it?"

"I am not certain, but I have a theory." Matrona leaned forward. "It is not possible for any being to be in thrall of two people at the same time. 2342 was wearing my collar, therefore he was in thrall to me. I think at some point last night, 2342 fell under the thrall of another, which caused my collar to break."

"But how is that possible?" Axina asked. "The only other person there was-"

Matrona tilted her head and smiled.

"...me," Axina finished. "You're saying I did it. But how could I be capable of such a thing? I have never even heard of women putting males in thrall without the aid of a collar."

"I have a theory about that as well," Matrona continued, "but I will not tell you about it until we are actually sure that you actually have the capability. We have to test that theory first, and at the moment we have some more pressing concerns. You are aware that tonight is the beginning of the Festival of Motherhood."

"Yes my Lady." The Festival of Motherhood was one of the four great festivals, and the greatest among them. The celebrations were to last nine days. There would be feasting, drinking, dancing, art contests, a melee-orgy, and of course a gladiatorial tournament. 

"Good." Matrona paused. "Could you quickly name the top four Ladies in the realm in terms of Bosom for me?" 

Axina nodded. "The Queen is the most powerful, obviously. After her, there is Duchess Jea Dikei, who holds the title of Field Marshall. From what I hear, she is more of a brute than a Lady, a male in a woman's body. The third most powerful would be you, my Lady, followed closely by Duchess Zena Bilzata, who also owns the second largest stable of gladiators in the city." 

"Indeed. Bilzata is my chief political opponent, since Dikei cares nothing for politics and never comes to the capital. This year, she has volunteered personally to be the Vessel of the Festival, no doubt hoping to solidify her position by bearing another female heir." 

The Vessel of the Festival was a grand tradition in the capital. A woman- usually a high ranking Lady of Bosom- would volunteer to be impregnated by the victor of the gladiatorial tournament in celebration of the Feminine Virtue of Motherhood. 

"This is an excellent opportunity to curb Bilzata's influence," continued Matrona. "If we play our cards right she will be utterly humiliated in front of the entire city. I want her bested utterly, her stable depleted, her vassals humiliated. And I want her knocked up by one of my boys."

"What is my place in your plans?" asked Axina. 

"You will join my other vassals during the Melee-Orgy. Together you will target Bilzata's vassals, beat them down and fuck them hard." 

Axina smiled wickedly. "As you command, My Lady."

--------------------------------------------------------

One of the arbiters held out a bronze bar to Axina. Axina sighed, reaching out and touching the bar, willing her Feminine Power into it. As Axina's breasts began to shrink the bar began to change shape, becoming slimmer in the middle while expanding toward the top. The metal was of earth, and since earth was feminine it could contain Feminine Power. "That's good," said the Arbiter. Axina pulled her hand away, shuddering. Her Bosom was now only about a half of its former size- as large as it had been when Axina first applied for a barony. 

"You had better not lose that," Axina told the Arbiter. 

"Of course not," the Arbiter snorted. "Imagine what would happen to me if I misplaced a Feminine Power Deposit. I would have the staff of punishment rammed so far up my ass it would come out my mouth. This will still be here when the fight is over." She moved on to collect the deposits of Axina's companions with separate bronze bars, marking down the names of each.

On Axina's left stood Countess Jula Nersi, and on her right Countess Rez Lutha. Like Axina, each wore only a red loincloth and a gold breast wrap, the colors of House Maternia. Jula and Rez were Lady Matrona's vassals, like Axina, and today they shared a common goal. The complete domination of Duchess Zena Bilzata's vassals. 

"I'd say we're at a pretty big disadvantage," Grumbled Jula. "Three Countesses verses two plus a Baroness... I don't like those odds." 

"Rank is meaningless here, moron," laughed Rez, depositing her Feminine power into another bronze bar. "That's why we deposit down to base Baroness level, so that no one has an advantage. This is gonna be a piece of cake. Bilzata's vassals are weakling sluts. Bethasuse, you know the rules, right?"

Axina nodded. "If your cloths are removed, you are eliminated. Eliminated fighters must submit to those who defeated them. Also, you are not allowed to attack a woman who is taking her pleasure from a defeated opponent until after she attains it. Apart from that the only rule you aren't allowed to cause any serious injury."

"That's right." A whistle blew. "Looks like they're getting ready to start. Keep in mind our goal and try not to get distracted." She shot a glare at Jula. 

"What?" Jula asked innocently. 

A second whistle rang out, and the three stepped out of the preparatory room onto the sands of the Arena. Other Ladies, similarly garbed, were emerging from similar rooms around the long circular edge of the stadium. Axina turned to scan the crowd. Most of the younger Ladies of Bosom were participating rather than spectating, so the stands were filled with the older ones, plus a plethora of common servant girls. 

The Queen herself sat in a private booth, fanned by one of her servants. This was the first time Axina had seen the Queen in person, and in truth, Axina was a bit disappointed. To be sure, the Kingdom's ultimate ruler was regal, beautiful, and busty. Her Bosom was substantially larger than Matrona's. But Axina had heard that the woman was powerful enough to destroy mountains with the sweep of her hand, and so her Bosom, while certainly impressive, did not live up to her imagination. 

The Queen stood, and silence fell over the audience. She spoke, Feminine Power amplifying her voice so that she could be heard throughout the stadium. "Welcome, Ladies, to the Melee-Orgy! In this contest, there is no rank, no propriety, and no intrigue. There is only you, your grit, your skill, your determination, and your pussy. Stand and dominate, or fall and submit." The queen raised a handkerchief above her head. "The battle will begin on my signal!" She dropped the scrap of cloth to the ground. "Begin!"

Axina surged forward with the other fighters toward the center of the Arena. It was chaos. A melee-orgy was not a place of finesse, but of brutish violence. Around her, a few women fell, screaming as their attackers quickly fell upon them. Axina didn't have time to watch the details though- she had a mission to accomplish. She scanned the swirling melee, searching for women wearing orange and purple, the colors of House Bilzata. 

"There!" Shouted Jula, pointing. Surely enough, Axina spotted three Ladies of House Bilzata, ganging up on a lone Baroness. Axina didn't know their names. One was a thin, pale brunette, another a chubby redhead, and the third a tall sandy blonde. The three had their victim on her back within seconds, crowding around her. Axina quickly lost sight of them in the swirling melee. 

Axina created two walls of wind to create a corridor. "Lets move!" she shouted. The walls wouldn't hold against a determined attacker. Walls of earth would have been sturdier, but too conspicuous. The three Maternia vassals dashed down the corridor Axina had created toward the Bilzata vassals. 

Suddenly, Axina felt a sharp pain in the back of her head and she jerked backward. She cried out in pain as a familiar face came into view. Wila Slu, a Baroness Axina had previously defeated in a duel. The woman had one hand firmly gripping Axina's hair. 

"Shit. Axina's been engaged!" Jula shouted. 

"Keep going," Axina shouted. "I'll deal with her. Go!" Jula and Rez both nodded and continued onward. 

"We have a bit of a score to settle, don't we, Bethasuse?" Wila sneered. She released Axina's hair, pulling her arm back for an enhanced punch. 

"Not really," said Axina, enhancing her arm to easily deflect the punch. "Pretty sure we settled things fairly well last time."

Wila snarled, attacking again, but Axina was ready, knocking Wila onto her back with a hammer of air. She used earth to bind Wila's hands and feet to the ground. The helpless woman struggled, Bosom heaving. "Ugh. Goddess damn it! I'll get you for this someday Bethasuse!" 

Axina knelt beside the prone Baroness, smirking. "Sure you will." She pulled off Wila's breastwrap and loincloth, exposing her body to all. 

"When I beat you," Wila continued defiantly, "you and your slut of a mother can take turns licking my ummmph!" She cut off as Axina shoved the woman's own loincloth into her mouth. 

"I don't have time for you right now, Wila," Axina said. "So why don't you stay here and entertain anyone who feels like using you. Have fun!" She dropped Wila's breast wrap over her face, preventing the helpless woman from being able to see. Then she sauntered off, Wila's panicked and angry gasps music to her ears. 

After a cursory search, Axina found her companions fighting against Duchess Bilzata's three vassals. Even though Axina's fellow vassals were outnumbered, they were admirably holding their own. Jula relentlessly drove back the tall blonde with Enhanced punches while Rez held her ground against the redhead and the brunette, keeping them at bay with an arcing pink whip, a weapon Rez had created with her Feminine Power. Axina charged in to help her comrades, using earth to trip the two fighting Rez. Caught completely unawares, both went down like sacks of meat. Rez pounced on the brunette, snarling savagely as her hands sought out the poor woman's breast wrap and loincloth. 

The sudden fall of her two comrades left the blonde distracted long enough for Jula to drive an enhanced fist into her abdomen. As she gasped for air, Jula struck downward in a brutal doublehanded blow, knocking her opponent to the ground. She promptly ripped off the defeated woman's cloths and planted a foot on her neck. Jula was breathing fast and her face was flushed. "Unfortunately for you, bitch, I like to play rough," she panted. "Just give me the slightest excuse and I'll leave you with broken bones. Understand?"

The blonde nodded, terrified.

Jula loved violence a little too much, in Axina's opinion. She turned to her own prey, the redhead. "Looks like it's me and you. What's your name?"

"Sh-Shula, My Lady," the terrified woman stuttered. 

"Shula." Axina knelt, stoking the plump woman's pretty red hair. She gently removed the defeated woman's breast wrap and loincloth. "Why don't you eat my pussy, Shula?" She pulled up her loincloth to expose her pink cunt to her defeated opponent. Shula sighed, resigned, and lifted her head to the task. 

"Hey Bethasuse," Rez said. "Remember the mission. Ya can get yer rocks off after we've humiliated these bitches good." Rez lashed at her defeated opponent with her whip, causing the poor woman to scream in pain, although it left no physical wound. 

Axina sighed. "I suppose you're right." She pulled her pussy away from Shula's face, savoring the defeated woman's expression of abject terror. "Oh don't worry, Shula. I'll let you have another taste if you obey me like a good girl." 

"What do you want?" Asked Shula.

Axina slapped her across the face. "Until you make me cum, I own you, bitch. Call me mistress."

"Mistress," Shula responded meekly. Doubtless she knew she had no choice but to play along. "What do you want from me?" What did Axina want? She looked at her comrades for inspiration. Jula was making her defeated opponent suck on her toes, while Rez was still tearing into hers with her painwhip. Niether option really appealed to Axina. 

"Spread your legs," Axina commanded. Shula obeyed belatedly. Axina lay on her side next to her victim, slipping one hand to lightly caress the redhead's pussy. She leaned in to whisper in her ear. "Why don't you let the audience know that you are a filthy fat slut. That anything, woman, male, or animal that wants your cunt can have it." 

"Fat?" Shula laughed. "Like hell!" 

"Well then," Axina cooed, lowering her hand to her captive's vulnerable clit, "We'll just have to see." She extended a finger and engulfed Shula's clit in her special pink pleasure flame. The helpless redhead gasped as the spell quickly caused her pleasure to mount, but just before she reached climax, Axina pulled away. 

"I won't say it," Shula gasped. "I have more pride then that!"

Axina smirked. She gently pushed two fingers into Shula's slit, slowly adding a third. The redhead winced in slight pain as Axina worked her fourth finger, and then her entire hand up her pussy. She gasped as Axina clenched her fist inside her cunt. 

"Ha! Is that the best you've got?" Shula taunted. "There is no way I'll-"

Axina engulfed her fist in pink flame.

"GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!!" Shula cried, her back arching nearly to the point of breaking. As she went from moderate arousal to explosive orgasm in less than a second, she squirted her juices five feet into the air, writhing on the ground as Axina continued to work her pink flame engulfed fist in her pussy. 

Axina laughed. "Yeah, you like that don't you, fat bitch. Your welcome." She smacked her helpless victim's ass with her other hand, admiring the jiggle. 

After about a minute, Axina pulled her hand from the defeated redhead's slit, idly licking her juices from her fingers. Shula collapsed like a puppet whose strings were cut. "So?" Axina purred, "Ready to tell everybody what a fat bitch you are?"

"Never," Shula gasped. "There is absolutely nothing you can do to make me say that."

Axina held her fist before Shula. She smiled. Then she engulfed it in red flame.

"N-No! You wouldn't!"

Axina lowered her fist slowly back toward Shula's sopping slit. 

"I... I'M A FAT SLUT!" Shula shouted, loud enough for everyone in the stands to hear. "A FAT, DESPERATE SLUT, I'LL SPREAD MY LEGS FOR ANYONE OR ANYTHING!" 

Cheers and roars of laughter echoed through the stadium. 

"Nice one, Axina!" shouted Jula as she rode her defeated opponent's face, regularly raining blows on the poor woman's tits. 

"Yeah, way to go," said Rez. She had her painwhip coiled around her opponent's neck and was using it as a leash to push the woman's face into her pussy. Her tears mingled with Rez's juices. 

Shula too was sobbing quietly at her ultimate humiliation. Axina felt sorry for her, but she regretted nothing. The thrill of total domination was so very intoxicating... Still, there was no need to be overly cruel. "Hush now," she said, gently patting the humiliated redhead's bottom. "Personally, I find your chubbiness quite appealing. Now, why don't you just eat my pussy and we'll call it a day, Ok?" She sat back and spread her legs.

"Yes Mistress," Shula assented. Defeat was plain in her voice. She crawled over and began to lick Axina's womanhood. The thrill of victory stoked Axina's pleasure and before long she was gushing all over the chubby redhead's face. 

"Yes! Lap it up, bitch! Fuck YES!" Axina stood, leaving Shula on the ground. "Thanks for being such a good little slut Shula. I hope we meet again." 

Shula only groaned in response. Axina turned. Her mission was accomplished, but the Melee-orgy was far from over.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Burk

Honestly, Burk had expected the dwelling of the Papess to be much bigger. The building before him was much smaller than Mirah's castle. It looked like a small, fortified abbey, rather than a cathedral. 

"My mother travels around the kingdom," Mirah explained. "She holds holy rites in the Cathedral in the capital once a year, then travels to the north, and goes west from there in a circle around the capital. She stays here for three months every year after she completes her cycle." 

"Huh," Burk grunted. "Well, I hope her tits are more impressive than her castle." 

"Oh, they are," said Mirah. "She has a Countess level Bosom, though she holds no official title apart from the Papessry." 

"She is a clever woman, in her way," said the disembodied voice of Vessala, the Black Witch. "Be weary. Xencina Vageena is a masterful charlatan, she keeps all common women oppressed with her lies. I will so enjoy watching her fall. Remember, you must get her to take your cock into her mouth, but you cannot force her or put her in thrall before hand."

"I remember," Burk grunted. 

They approached the gates. One of the guards (a female officer) eyed Burk warily. "This is a holy sanctuary. Males ain't allowed."

Mirah lowered her hood. "I am Baroness Mirah Vageena, daughter of Papess Xencina Vageena. I need this male to carry my things for me." Burk was, indeed, carrying Mirah's trunk as part of his disguise. 
