 Burk

Burk sat on a fallen log, idly tapping his fingers against it, with his pants down around his ankles. Around him, Mirah's servants were setting up camp. All of them frequently glanced over to Burk, trying to catch his eye. They were all members of the Phallic Cult, like Mirah, and she trusted them. Burk had put them in thrall anyway, just to be safe. Mirah herself lounged a few feet away, leaning back against the log and fingering herself slowly. An amused smile adorned the young cock worshiper's face as she watched her mother's desperate attempts to please Burk with her mouth. 

Xencina Vageena, Papess of the Most Nurturing and Feminine Church of Womanhood, knelt naked in the dirt before Burk. The mature, yet pretty woman bobbed her head up and down on his massive cock, engulfing the giant head and a few inches of shaft with every downstroke. She was getting better. Burk glanced up at the sun. It had been almost an hour and, unfortunately, Xencina was running out of time. 

"Two minutes," Burk stated. 

Xencina redoubled her efforts, sucking and slurping noisily, pushing her head down on Burk's cock frantically in a last ditch attempt to get him off. Alas, it didn't work. In another half an hour, she might have managed it, but her time was already up. "Stop," He commanded. 

Xencina reluctantly pulled her mouth off of his dick, lingering at the very tip. A string of mixed spit and precum stuck to her mouth as she finally pulled away, looking morose. 

"Your hour is up. No baby batter for you tonight, bitch." Burk beckoned to Mirah, who stood up, strutted over, and straddled Burk with a sultry grin. She glanced at her mother, smirking, as she lined up her sodden cunt with Burk's cock, still wet with Xencina's saliva. Slowly, ever so slowly, she sank down onto it, gasping and cooing at every inch. She finally stopped when he pushed up against her cervix. 

"Uhhhh!!! Oh God! It's so big!" She panted. "So good! So powerful! So divine! As befits a true and great King!" On the way up, she came, gushing fluids into Burk's lap as she cried out in joy. Burk gave her a moment to come down from her orgasmic high before he slapped her ass. 

"Ride faster, slut." 

"Yes your Majesty!" she cried and began to bounce on his cock, gaining momentum. At the top of Mirah's bounces, her big, Countess level tits were level with Burk's forehead and on the bottom the top of her head was level with his chin. Mirah's compression was beginning to break as her pleasure was fracturing her concentration, her breasts expanding little by little to their true, enormous, size. 

Xencina looked on with longing as she watched her daughter ride her master's cock. The Papess reached for her bag, taking out the Vaginal Scroll, the most sacred text of the church. She shoved it up her own cunt without hesitation, seeking desperately to quell her raging, unfulfilled lust. She moaned desperately, eyes still glued to the point at which Mirah and Burk were joined, fucking herself vigorously with the scroll. Until she managed to please Burk with her mouth, she was not permitted to masturbate with anything else. 

Burk felt pretty good. As, Mirah pulled herself up his dick his entire head was engulfed in her soft, jiggling, swelling titflesth. As she sank down again, he came face to face with her, the beautiful Lady of Bosom who literally worshipped his cock. Joy shone in her eyes and her lightly freckled face was flush with passion as she spouted frantic praise for him and his penis. As Mirah sank down to the base, impaling herself completely on him, Burk was able to see Xencina, the leader of a religion that preached that men were less than animals. She was naked and on her knees, fucking herself with everything she once believed. The poor woman was on the verge of tears, not because she had been enslaved, not because she was forced to pleasure herself with her own holy text, but because she wanted his cock, and she wasn't going to get it. 

So, in conclusion, today was a good day. Burk began to thrust up into Mirah, ramming her cunt brutally and making her cum again. Before long, he pounded his hips forward once more, blasting his ball batter up into the busty, cock worshiping slut. She collapsed against his chest for a few moments, lost in a post-orgasmic daze. 

Mirah eventually regained her wits, slowly dismounting from Burk's softening shaft. A bit of his seed leaked out before she reached down to hold it in with her hand. "Thank you so much for the blessing of your Seed, your Majesty," She panted. 

Burk grunted in reply. It was a happy grunt. 

Mirah turned to Xencina, who was still frantically screwing herself with the Vaginal Scroll. "Hey, mommy, I've got a treat for you." She pushed Xencina onto her back and straddled her head. "Open up and eat your daughter's creamy snatch, bitch!"

Slurping sounds indicated that the older woman was following orders. 

Burk leaned back and relaxed. 

"You frequently finish inside that cockslut, Mirah," said the disembodied voice of Vessala, the Black Witch. "And yet she never seems to become pregnant. Yet other women you manage to knock up in a single spurt. How does that work?" 

"I don't want her to get pregnant," Burk replied. "At least not yet. There are plenty of other, less useful sluts around if I feel like breeding. Eventually, once our quest is over, if she wants a brat, I'll give her one." 

"You... don't want her to get pregnant. And therefore, she doesn't? Even after all the baby batter you've pumped up her cunt? That isn't how it works."

"That's how it works for me," Burk grunted. "If I want a bitch to get knocked up, she does. Otherwise she doesn't." 

"That doesn't even make any sense!"

"How about we talk about something useful. The third seal." 

"Ah yes, the seal of Courage." Vessala paused. "Duchess Jea Dikei, the Field Marshall of the kingdom."

Burk chuckled. "A Duchess this time, huh? I bet she has huge tits."

"She does. The second biggest in the entire kingdom. Only the Queen herself is Bustier. Be prepared. Dikei is orders of magnitude from anyone you've fucked so far. In truth she owns half the kingdom. She constantly makes war with the Ladies around her simply for the fun of dominating them. She never takes their Bosom because she thinks she has enough."

"Sounds like a cunt. Thankfully I have a cure for that." He idly rubbed his dick. "So, what do I need to do to break the seal this time?"

"Her asshole," Vessala replied simply. "But-"

"I know. I can't rape her or it won't work, right?"

"No," said Vessala. "Exactly the opposite. The only way to break the seal of courage is with anal rape."

------------------------------

Axina

Axina stepped off the sands of the Arena, a tired grin on her face. She had done very well in the Melee-Orgy, forcing no less than seven of her fellow Ladies of Bosom to lick her to orgasm before someone had finally gotten the better of her. 

The commoner who had taken charge of her Feminine Power deposit approached her, bearing the bronze bar. Axina placed her hand upon it, sighing with relief as she felt her Feminine Power flowing back into her, her Bust expanding accordingly. It felt good to have all her power again. 

The Lady Matrona approached her scarcely a minute later. "Well done, Axina!" she cried, embracing the younger woman and pushing her face deep into her twin-watermelon sized Bosom. 

"So I performed my duties to your satisfaction, My Lady?" Axina asked, heart swelling. 

"Of course you did, dear. Oh the look on her face when you made her admit that she was a fat bitch... Why, I've never seen anyone so thoroughly humiliated in all my days!"

"So you did orchestrate this farce, Maternia," Said a voice behind Matrona. "I should have known."

Axina and Matrona both turned to face the newcomer, Duchess Zena Bilzata. The size of her Bosom marked her as nearly Matrona's equal in Feminine Power and rank, but apart from that, the two duchesses had little in common. While Matrona was a bit short and extremely curvy, Bilzata was tall and thin as a rail, with no hips to speak of. Matrona had a kind of motherly aura, while Bilzata reminded Axina of a strict and joyless aunt. Her giant Bosom almost looked ridiculous on her thin body. Her prominent nose was turned upward toward the air like a weather vane as she looked down on Axina and Matrona with contempt. 

"Humiliation and defeat are part of the risks of participating in the Melee-Orgy, Bilzata," Matrona replied. "As I'm sure your vassals were aware." 

Bilzata snorted. "Bah. Do whatever you want Maternia. I'm getting another daughter tonight. Of course I have five already, but one never can have enough daughters, can one?" Lady Matrona maintained her composure but Axina felt her grip on her shoulder tighten. 

"I'm happy for you, Zena." Matrona replied. "Would you like to watch the Gladiatorial Tournament togeth- oh, wait. I forgot I have an invitation to watch it with the Queen, and you don't. Some other time, maybe?"

"With the Queen? Well then I guess you'll have an excellent vantage to watch all of your sons get slaughtered in the ring. A real shame considering how... affectionate... you are with them." 

Matrona's eyebrow twitched and her grip on Axina's shoulder got even tighter. That was VERY close to a dueling insult. 

Bilzata turned and left, and Matrona released her deathgrip on Axina's shoulder. The older woman breathed deep, calming herself. 

"That fucking cunt!" Axina hissed. 

Matrona shot her a sly smile. "I've got something planned for her, never fear. Shall we go, dear? The Queen is expecting us."

"Us, My Lady?" 

"I am of course permitted to bring a vassal with me to take care of my needs during the tournament. You don't mind I hope?"

"No, Mother," Axina whispered. A chance to meet the Queen herself? Why in the Goddess's name would she mind?

Matrona smiled. "Good."

They began the climb through the stands to the Royal Box. "What is she like?" Axina asked. "The Queen I mean."

"She is a born ruler," Matrona replied. "When she gives orders, she expects to be obeyed. She can be kind to her friends, and her enemies... Well, she doesn't have any. Not anymore. Also," she leaned in to whisper in Axina's ear. "She has... aggressive sexual tastes. Be aware that she may order you to do something you might not desire. You will have to obey."

Axina smiled. "With respect, My Lady, what could I possibly not desire for a busty goddess like you or the Queen?"

"Well, if you think you're up to it." They had arrived. Matrona knocked at the gate. "Your Bustiness," she said, bowing her head.

Her Supreme Bustiness, Queen Anabeth Titania, Ruler of All Land and Mistress of All Women, lounged on a luxurious couch, a long wooden staff held lightly against her thigh. She turned her head at Matrona's hail. 

"Ah, Dutchess Matrona Maternia! Welcome, welcome. Guards, let them in!" She leaned her wooden staff against a nearby table. It was the Staff of Punishment, the Queen's personal implement of anal destruction. Anyone who displeased the Queen could expect her rectum to be stretched around it's width. 

One of the two guards opened the gate allowing Matrona and Axina to walk into the box. 

As Axina glanced at the Queen, she once again couldn't help but feel underwhelmed. Though the woman was surely beautiful, with her pristine skin, striking red hair and regal bearing, Axina had been expecting absolute radiance. Axina had also expected her to hold orders of magnitude more Feminine Power than Matrona, but comparing her Liege Lady's ample Bosom to the Queen's she estimated Matrona's to be about four-fifths the size. Axina felt silly, for she realized now that she had expected the impossible – a goddess in the flesh. In reality, the Queen was just another Lady of Bosom, albeit the most powerful of them all. 

"You brought a vassal with you," the Queen said to Matrona. "Good, I expect you'll have need of a pair of lips and a tongue in a few minutes when the fighting starts." She turned to Axina. "Your name, girl?"

Axina curtsied as deep as she could. "Baroness Axina Bethasuse your Bustiness," she replied. 

The Queen turned back to Matrona. "How much do you trust her?"

"I trust her enough," Matrona said. "She's an ambitious one, but loyal. We can speak and act freely." Axina felt her heart soar. Matrona trusted her!

"Well then." The Queen paused. Then she threw her arms around Matrona, squeezing her in a tight embrace, which was difficult given the massive Bosoms of both women. Axina felt a shiver of excitement at the sight as the two sets of gargantuan mammaries mashed together. It made her dizzy. "Rona!" the Queen cried. "It's so good to see you."

Matrona laughed, returning the hug. "Likewise Anabeth, likewise. It's been months since we had a proper chat."

"This tournament is going to be INSANE!"

"I KNOW!" Matrona chortled. "Wait until you see the ending."

"You've got something planned for Bilzata, haven't you?"

"Maybe." The two burst into a fit of giggles.

It was a bizarre sight. The stiff, regal Queen and her polite vassal had morphed into a couple of (extremely well endowed) giggling schoolchildren. They plopped down onto the queen's couch, still holding each other. "Still, I'm sure Bilzata has brought out her best fighters. Are you really willing to risk your boys, Rona?"

"Bah," Matrona replied. "I doubt she has a male in her whole stable that can match my 2342, let alone 1111."

The Queen became more serious. "Speaking of 1111, have you given any more thought to my request?" 

Matrona eyed the Queen sideways. "Is it a request, Anabeth? Or an order?"

"Come now, Rona," the Queen said, raising a hand to caress her friend's face. "You know I wouldn't order you to part with him. It's just, I could really use a new royal stud. These boys are beginning to bore me." She tugged on a chain that was attached to the couch.

Axina nearly jumped. The chains led to two collars on the necks of two males who knelt perfectly still in the corner of the box. How had she not realized they were there? The two males stared at the ground, showing no indication that their mistress had disparaged them. 

"Then my answer remains the same," Matrona stated. "I didn't bear that child so you could use him up and throw him away like a tissue, Anabeth."

The Queen snorted. "He's just a male."

"Nonetheless, he is my child."

"Very well. I will press you no further on this issue." She placed her hand on Matrona's thigh. "Guess I'll have to be satisfied with you, then." She leaned in for a kiss. 

Matrona returned the kiss hungrily, her hands eagerly roaming Anabeth's buxom body. Axina stood awkwardly. She felt an acute desire to touch herself as she watched two of the bustiest and most beautiful women in the world make out, rubbing their bodies against each other. She was practically dripping with desire, but she was afraid of doing something inappropriate. After a minute, the Queen noticed her. She pulled her lips away from Matrona's for a moment.

"Ah, yes, girl. I happen to have two problems at the moment. First, it seems my royal studs are feeling a bit... agitated." Axina glanced at the two males. Sure enough, they're loincloths were tented as they stared at Matrona and Anabeth. "And second, Rona and I could use a little show to entertain us until the tournament starts. Could you please take care of it?"

"I..." Axina swallowed. "Your Bustiness, you... you want me to let them take me? Both of them at once?"

"Oh, no dear. That would make entirely too much noise. I want you to pleasure them with your mouth."

Axina felt her eyes nearly bug out of her head. 

"Hear that, boys?" the Queen said to the males. "This one's your personal cocksucker for a while." The two males stood.

"Um, y-your Bustiness," Axina stuttered. "I'm not comfortable with-" 

The Queen's eyes blazed. She grasped the wooden staff, pointing it at Axina. "Do you know what this is, girl?"

Axina bowed her head. "Yes your Bustiness. The Staff of Punishment." 

"And have you any desire to get splinters in your large intestine?"

"No your Bustiness."

"Then suck." The Queen returned her attention to Matrona, who shot Axina a look over her shoulder. The look conveyed sympathy, and an 'I did warn you'. 

Axina felt two, strong, rough hands on her shoulders, pushing her down. She did not resist, falling to her knees and shuddering as the big, erect malehoods of the Queen's royal studs came into view. Neither cock was as large as 2342's, though both were larger than what Axina understood to be average. One was especially thick, the other quite long. She tentatively reached out, touching the longer of the two. It was hot to the touch. Axina couldn't believe she was doing this. This was something only the sluttiest, most base of women would do- to give pleasure to a male with her mouth, as if SHE were the servant and the male the superior. 

Her cunt felt like it was about to burst with need. 

The other male was apparently impatient, for he stepped forward, pressing his length against her face. She recoiled instinctively, but was unable to escape as he pressed his fat cock against her face. The smell of it washed over her, sending her even further into hot, wet lust. She tentatively took a lick of the thick one. The taste wasn't too bad, at least the Queen kept her studs clean. Still, the day was hot and Axina could not help but taste the salty sweat of the male as he grunted, enjoying the feel of her tongue on his cock. 

Axina moved her mouth to the long cock, opening her mouth to take in the head. As she tasted the precum that dripped from the tip, she felt a sense of perverse delight. She pushed her head further down his length, allowing it to slide down into her throat. The male groaned in pleasure and rocked his hips forward, pushing his erect meat even further down her gullet and causing his balls to bounce off her chin. As she pulled back he grasped her chin, angling her face up toward his. As she made eye contact with him, it was as if a bolt of lust jumped from his eyes into her, coursing through her body to her quim. 

She lowered one hand beneath her skirt to play with her lonely pussy while her other hand and mouth were busy. An orgasm was not far off, and she moaned into the thick cock as she went over the edge. 

Every so often Axina had time to glance at Lady Matrona and the Queen. It quickly became clear to Axina who was dominant in that relationship. Matrona lay on her back, arms behind her head, licking and slurping as the Queen ground her pussy against her mouth. Her Bustiness idly fondled Matrona's breasts as she rode her face, as if the Duchess's magnificent mounds of matriarchal majesty were mere toys for her to play with. "Faster, Rona," she commanded, squeezing Matrona's nipple cruelly. 

"Yes, Anabeth, anything for you," Matrona panted, redoubling her efforts. The Queen noticed Axina looking and gave her a little smirk, as if to say 'this woman may be a goddess to you, but to me, she's just a bitch.' Axina was once again confronted with the totality of her own inferiority, and it was incredibly, humiliatingly erotic. Just serving such powerful Ladies was an honor, a privilege. And she was serving them, by giving them a show.

She returned her attention to the males, redoubling her efforts. She licked and slurped on their rods, tongued their balls and tapped their swollen cockheads against her face. 

"Rona," said the Queen. "Has your vassal done this before?"

Matrona paused her worship of the Royal Pussy to reply. "I don't think so. Why?"

"Because apparently she's quite good at it." The Queen moaned as she climaxed on Matrona's tongue. 

Good at pleasing males with her mouth? Axina didn't know whether to be proud or ashamed. But it seemed she was indeed good at it, for both of the males were beginning to show signs of impending orgasm, their balls tightening, and their breaths gasping breaths losing regularity. Axina panicked for a moment. What was she supposed to do with their... seed? Swallow it? The thought both disgusted her and made her tingle, but she remembered that she was supposed to be putting on a show. The male's ejaculation should be visible to her royal spectator. 
