 Axina

Axina slowly and methodically lapped at her Liege Lady's labia. This was a job Axina normally enjoyed - loved, even. But right now she was just so tired. 

The day had been a sexual roller coaster. In the morning she had fought in the melee-orgy, defeating and humiliating Shula, a Countess loyal to house Bilzata, and forcing six others to pleasure her before the contest had ended. After that, she had attended the Queen and was forced to suck the dicks of the royal studs for Her Royal Bustiness's entertainment. They had finished by dumping their loads all over her face and breasts. She had gone from glorious sexual victory to humiliating sexual defeat, experiencing the entire spectrum of domination and submission in a single day, and she loved every minute. Even, she was ashamed to admit, the cocksucking. 

Now, the Queen and Matrona were watching the tournament, while Axina knelt between her Liege Lady's knees and did the duty of a vassal. Matrona's hands tightened in her hair as her juices gushed into Axina's mouth. "Oooh yes," The motherly woman panted as she came. "Thank you, Axina. Now come, sit on my lap. 2342 is about to fight." 

Tired as she was, Axina's interest was instantly peeked. She crawled up and sat on Matrona's thighs. It was hard not to feel like a child on her mother's lap with Matrona's enormous Bosom pressed against her back. Down in the arena, a pair of common female referees were dragging the limp body of a male from the sand. Another male strode away, brandishing his club while the crowd cheered. Many of the Ladies of Bosom in the crowd pulled down the bodices of their dresses to shake their breasts at the victorious male, and a few even turned around and bent over, hiking up their skirts to flash their bare asses and pussies at him. At most times, such vulgar behavior could get one arrested, but the Festival of Motherhood was a time for vulgarity. 

The next fight was to begin immediately. 2342 walked onto the sand with a confident stride. There was a time when Axina could barely tell males apart, but now she recognized him instantly, even from this distance. His opponent followed him out, taking a position opposite 2342 on the sands of the arena. He had striking dark skin, black as the space between the stars at midnight. 

"One of Rotula's," the Queen said absently. "She brought him all the way up from the southern desert. 7891, I think his number was." 

Both males were armed with crude wooden clubs and wore only loincloths as they squared off, waiting for the match to begin. They didn't have long to wait, for the referee quickly raised her hand and whistled shrilly, officially beginning the fight. 

Axina waited with baited breath as 2342 and the dark-skinned male circled each other, looking for weaknesses. She was ashamed to admit she was afraid, which meant that she cared. She never thought that she would become attached to a male. Matrona seemed to sense her apprehension, for she stroked Axina's hair and cooed in her ear. "Don't worry girl. This untrained desert savage is no match for my 2342. Just watch. He'll be fine." 

Matrona was right, of course. When the two exchanged blows, 2342 drove the dark-skinned male back. Axina winced as he landed a glancing blow on 2342's side, but 2342 retaliated with a decisive blow across the face. And then another. And then a savage, double-handed blow to his foe's head. The desert male fell to the ground, blood gushing from his head wounds. It was absolutely brutal. The violence... the aggression... it was HOT. Axina felt her sore, over-used pussy begin to moisten once again. 

The Queen gasped as the combination of the carnage and the tongue of her royal stud brought her to orgasm. "Ohhhh, yeah. Rona, you bring the best gladiators. Hell, you BREED the best gladiators. We should just keep you pregnant your whole life, so you can churn out more and more of these brutal studs you call sons!"

Matrona looked uncomfortable, as if she wasn't sure if the Queen were serious. 

2342 walked off the sand as the crowd cheered and flashed him. He did not raise his arms and shout in victory. In fact, he looked... shaken.

"That boy doesn't like to kill," Matrona whispered. "I shall have to console him later. Still, there is a chance that his opponent might survive his wounds."

"Aren't battles to the death?" asked Axina.

"Not always," the Queen responded. "The first to lose consciousness loses the match. He may wake up again, or not. It matters not, so long as we see one male violently and decisively triumph over another."

Once the sand was once again clear, two more males walked into the arena. The first one was a big one, head and shoulders taller than 2342. "That's 4147, the strongest in Bilzata's stable," said Matrona. 

Axina felt her jaw drop when she saw the other male. She wasn't even sure he was human. He almost looked like a monster. Standing at well over seven feet, with arms and legs as big around as tree trunks and a mane of tangled brown hair, this one was a portrait of savagery, a nightmare to frighten children. "That," Matrona purred, "is my firstborn, male 1111. The greatest male in the kingdom." 

4147 looked intimidated. His instincts proved correct, for scarcely a second had passed after the referee signaled the beginning of the match before it was over. 1111 smashed his club into the top of 4147's skull, caving it in instantly.

"That one's not going to survive," the Queen laughed as the commoners dragged 4147's corpse from the arena. Many of the spectators eagerly flashed the victorious 1111 as he strode from the center of the arena. He paused, then faced the stands and casually pulled aside his loincloth. From her angle, Axina could not see 1111's malehood, but she could hardly miss the reaction that occurred in that half of the stands. The spectators went berserk, tearing off their clothes and publicly masturbating. Orgies of three to four ladies began to form within seconds, merging and growing until one entire half of the stadium was engulfed in a massive sapphic fuckfest, all sparked by the mere sight of one single gladiator cock. 

"Good Goddess," Axina breathed. 

"1111 tends to have that effect on people," Matrona chuckled. "Of course, few of them would ever dare to actually lay with him. Not all those who dare survive."

It was nearly half an hour before the orgy played out. Horny as they were, the spectators were all eager to see the final round. Personally, Axina was dreading it. 

"So, here we are at the final round," mused the Queen, "and both the finalists are yours. Again. Will there ever be a stable in the capital that can compete with Matrona Maternia's?"

"I doubt it," said Matrona smugly. "The others don't know how to properly treat their males."

1111 and 2342 walked back onto the sand to the roar of the crowd. They squared off against each other, awaiting the command to begin. 

"He has no chance!" Axina blubbered, almost in tears. "It isn't FAIR! Make them stop, he'll die, he'll DIE!" 

Matrona stroked her hair. "Shhh. Shhhh, girl. Just watch what happens." 

The referee signaled for the match to begin. 2342 dropped his club and walked toward 1111, hands at his sides. 1111 raised his club, and, with a flick of the wrist, brought it down on 2342's head. 2342 crumpled to the ground. "No..." Axina croaked. 

"Relax," Matrona assured. "1111 is actually rather fond of his brother. 2342 will awake later, with a splitting headache." 

"What a boring ending," the Queen grunted morosely. 

"Oh don't worry, Anabeth," Matrona said mischievously. "The night's entertainment has just begun."

The crowd seemed to agree with the Queen. They booed as 1111 strutted around the edge of the arena floor. He spat at them, an action that would normally get a male killed as a matter of course. 

"Now comes the fun part," Matrona cooed. 

A set of doors opened in the side of the arena. Out strode Duchess Zena Bilzata in a fine purple dress trimmed in orange, cut low to show off her enormous Bosom. She walked to 1111, swaying her hips seductively. With a sensual smile she reached behind her, undoing her garment's only button. The dress fell to the dirt, leaving her completely nude before the victorious brute. 

"Male," she said, using Feminine Power to amplify her voice so that it carried through the stands, "you have been deemed worthy. Among the other males here today you have triumphed. I shall reward you by relieving you of your seed. I shall use it to create beautiful offspring. Lie down so I can mount you." 

1111 complied, laying on his back. Bilzata straddled him, pulling aside his tented loincloth to reveal his unbelievably large, erect malehood. Axina gaped. It must have been more than a foot long! Bilzata positioned it at her entrance but was obviously reluctant to sink down onto it's gargantuan girth. Unfortunately for her, she never got the chance. 

1111 sprang into action, flipping Bilzata face down into the sand and rolling on top of her. She barely had time to react. "What the?" 1111 pushed his meat club between her asscheeks. "Oh no. No. NooooooaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEE!!" she shrieked in pain as the brutish male crammed his foot long cock into her backdoor. 

"Oh dear," said the Queen. "It seems dear 1111 has 'mistakenly' used the wrong hole!" 

Matrona laughed. "HA! And who can blame him? Bilzata is a complete cunt after all. It's only natural that he would have trouble finding a cunt's cunt!" 

The crowd was deathly silent for a few moments, then erupted in roars of laughter and shouts of encouragement. Soon the stands once again broke into orgy as Bilzata screamed, moaned, and sobbed as she was brutally sodomized into the sand. 

Axina slipped her hand down to her own pussy, but her Liege Lady intercepted her arm. "Let, me, Dear," She whispered huskily into Axina's ear. She slipped her fingers into Axina's folds, seeking the sweet spot on the top of her inner walls, her other hand squeezing her breasts and pinching her nipples. Axina groaned, her body seeming to melt under Matrona's skilled hands, all while watching the terrifyingly arousing scene of sodomy on the arena floor. 

Finally, male 1111 tore himself free from Bilzata's ass, leaving it gaping wide, and plunged himself to the hilt in her pussy, spurting his copious load into the woman's womb. He stood, leaving the humiliated Duchess limp on the ground, cum oozing from her fertilized cunt. 

Axina cried out as the sight combined with Matrona's fingers drove her to orgasm, gushing all over her Liege's hand. Of all the orgasms Axina had experienced that day, she decided this one was the best. 

"Thank you, Mother," she panted.

"You're most welcome, Dear," Matrona cooed. "Now go home and get some rest." She slapped Axina's bottom. "Tomorrow, you will have to start that task I told you about this morning."

"Yes, My Lady," Axina said. She was sure to gyrate her hips as she walked away.

-

Burk

Burk folded his arms. "Are you certain this is the right place?" He asked Mirah as he observed the rather small walled enclosure. The walls were made from sharpened wooden stakes rather than stone, and in both height and circumference, the fortification was unimpressive. 

"Yes, your Majesty. This castle is the dwelling of Shina Tuo."

"Shina Tuo," said Xencina. "A minor country Lady with so little Bosom that her neighbors seldom even bother attacking."

"Wrong," said Mirah. "She's secretly the High Worshiper of the Phallic Cult."

Xencina's eyes widened. "She hid herself well. I have had my inquisitors looking for the High Worshiper for years, but they've never found so much as a trace."

"You said she could make me stronger. Can she?" Asked Burk.

"I believe so," Mirah assured. "Our next target is Duchess Jea Dikei, the finest warrior in all the land. Perhaps you could seduce her, your Majesty, but that would not help you break the seal of courage that she bears. To do that-"

"I have to rape her ass," finished Burk. "And to do that, I need to be able to force her. I need to be stronger than she is."

"Impossible," Xencina scoffed. "Dikei is the inventor of the weaponization school of Feminine Combat Magic. She fights with a giant battle axe made of Feminine Power that instils crippling terror in anyone it passes through. Also, she's an expert enhancer and she has enough raw power to punch her way through a castle wall. There is absolutely no chance a mere male could stand against her."

"What do you know of what men are capable of?" Mirah shot back. "Your church spent so much time and energy trying to keep males suppressed, and now you serve one. How do you know what's possible and what isn't?"

"Animals need to be controlled. Let's get this straight, Mirah. I have not accepted your cock worshipping bullshit. I attend this impossibly virile brute only because I desire to bear his child, NOT because I accept male superiority. Perhaps he will give me a daughter who isn't a complete disappointment!" 

Burk buried his hand in Xencina's hair and pulled back sharply, forcing her to stare into his face. "If you want my seed then you will do as I say, bitch!" he hissed. "And I say your daughter is above you. You will treat her as such. Am I clear?"

He watched the defiance fade from her eyes. "Yes, sir," she gasped. 

"Apologize to Mirah, slut."

Xencia turned to Mirah, inclining her head. "I... I apologize, daughter. I... overstepped."

Mirah grinned, pulling up her skirt. "I'm gonna need a better apology that that, mother."

"Not now," said Burk. He strode toward the castle. "Let's get this over with." Mirah and Xencina followed him. 

The guards stopped them at the gate. Mirah approached them, crossing her arms over her chest and squeezing a breast in each hand. "Man is King," she said solemnly. 

Xencina mimicked her daughter's pose, though she kept her hood up to hide her face. "Man is... King," she grunted, sounding like she was about to choke. 

The guards returned the salute, though they, mere common women, had no breasts to grab. "Man is King," said the taller of the two. "We saw you coming from far off, Lady Vageena. Lady Tuo is waiting in the courtyard." 

And indeed she was. Lady Shina Tuo was a bit older than Xencina. Flecks of grey decorated her jet black hair. She stood completely composed, hands clasped behind her back, chest thrust forward. Speaking of her chest, Burk was sorely disappointed. Even if the woman was keeping her breasts compressed to one tenth their normal size, they were still thoroughly unimpressive. 

"Greetings, High Worshiper," Mirah hailed. "May you be blessed by the Great Male God."

"And may He curse you with barrenness and oblivion, Cultist Mirah!" Shina snapped by way of response. "I never thought you would be the one to betray us." 

"High Worshiper, what are you talking about?" Mirah protested. 

"Don't play dumb, you nun!" Shina screeched. Calling someone a 'Nun' was apparently an insult in the Phallic Cult, which made sense considering. "You have led the church right too us!" She gestured toward Xencina. A blast of wind knocked her hood off her head, revealing her face. 

"I can explain," Mirah began, but Burk stepped in front of her. 

"That woman is my bitch," he declared. "She is no threat to you."

Shina eyed him up and down carefully. "An Awakened Man. So little Mirah finally took the plunge. Forgive me, your highness, but the whore in question does not appear to be in cock thrall." 

"I haven't fucked her yet," said Burk. "But she wants my seed. She will obey." 

"It would put my heart at ease if you would show me some evidence of your power over her, your highness."

"Fine," Burk grunted. "Xencina, take off all your clothes." 

"Yes master," Xencina replied. She unfastened the buttons to her dress, letting it fall to the ground. Underneath she was completely naked. She made no attempt to cover herself, nor did she lower her head. 

Shina strode over to her, stopping mere inches away and staring into her eyes. "Tell me," she said, her voice dangerously soft. "What would you have done if you had ever caught me, Papess?"

"I would have turned you over to the Queen," Xencina replied without hesitation. "Only she has the right to dole out the appropriate punishment to a heretic of your calibur."

"And what do you think she would have done?"

"I expect she would have pushed the Staff of Punishment up your ass until you died."

"And why shouldn't I do something similar to you?"

"Because," Burk broke in. "She is MY bitch. And I don't like people who damage my property." 

Shina backed away, looking to Burk. "Fine. Why have you come, highness?"

"I am told that you can make me stronger," Burk replied. 

Shina looked surprised. "Well yes, I could your highness. However, it would not be wise to fully awaken any men at this juncture. The plans of the Phallic Cult could be disrupted. For what purpose do you require strength?"

"I intend to face Duchess Jea Dikei in combat." 

She considered for a moment. "Very well. I hate that Dikei cunt. Come with me. You two can stay here." She indicated Mirah and Xencina. "Also, leave that bracelet. I can sense a sinister female presence emanating from it."

"What?! How the hell did she sense me?" Vessala's disembodied voice grumbled as he removed the golden bracelet and placed it on the ground. 

"But-" Mirah protested.

"This is an inner mystery of the Phallic Cult, Mirah," Shina insisted. "You aren't ready." She led Burk off into the keep. Mirah pouted, but stayed behind. 

"So, how does this work, and how long will it take?" asked Burk as he followed Shina. 

"I will train you," she replied. "As for how long it will take, that depends on you. You look like quite the man, your highness, so I am guessing I can train you up in a week, maybe a week in a half at most. Now, did Mirah ever tell you about Awakening?"

"Uh, no."

"The Most Nurturing and Feminine Church of Womanhood teaches that males are mere beasts who must be governed by women," Shina began. "And technically this is true, but only because males have been deprived of the ability to become men, who are superior to women. 

"Of all the things males are denied, the most important is the name. You see, like females, males have innate magical power. Masculine Energy, it is called. Masculine Energy is more limited in its applications than Feminine Power. A man can only access it in order to fulfil the Three Masculine Pursuits: To Master that Which He has not yet Mastered. To Set Right All that is Wrong. To Destroy Bonds and Limitations. Of course a man cannot access his Masculine Energy unless he has a name. This is why all males in the kingdom are known by numbers. Mirah has given you a name, I take it?"

"My name is Burk," said Burk. "And no, that name was given to me by another woman. Why?"

"So long as it was a woman who gave it to you," said Shina. "That's part of the magic. In the Age of Kings, men were given names at birth by their mothers."

"So then, I have a name. I should be able to access my Masculine Energy. What is this training for?"

"To teach you how to wield it, of course. Up until now I bet you have unleashed it only instinctively, usually while fucking or preparing to fuck. I will teach you to use Masculine Energy to strengthen yourself so that you can fight evenly with even the Bustiest of the Ladies of Bosom." 

She pushed open a pair of wooden double doors. Inside was the castle's great hall, a spacious area. In the center there was a giant bronze statue of a naked woman, about three times life size. Burk had to stop and admire the statue's amazing rack, even if it was made of bronze. Shina strode to the statue's base and put a hand on its calf. 

"I must warn you, your highness. The training will be... unpleasant. Are you sure you wish to proceed?"
