 Vessala

"I can do it myself, mother," Vessala pouted as her mother carefully adjusted the ceremonial headdress over Vessala's straight black hair. The white feathers and gold thread of the adornment contrasted sharply with her coal colored skin. 

"Everything needs to be perfect, dear," Mother responded. "Today is your big day."

Vessala paused. "Mother... must I visit the breeder? Not all do so on their eighteenth birthdays."

Her mother walked around to take her shoulders and look her in the eye. "You're an adult now, Ves. I can't force you if you don't want to. But, I would advise that you do it. This is your chance to prove to everyone that you're just like everyone else. That you're not..."

"Malesouled," Vessala finished bitterly. 

Her mother's eyes blazed. "Someone called you malesouled? Who was it? I'll rip out their tongue!" 

"No one. Everyone. It doesn't matter."

"Of course it matters. It's a filthy insult." The older woman bit her lip. "You know of the males?"

"Yes, mother," Vessala responded. "You taught me, remember? "There are two types of humans who walk the earth, the females and the males. We, the females embody all that is good and gentle, while the males embody wickedness and brutality. That is why no males are permitted in our Desert Sanctuary. Except the breeder, of course." 

"Indeed." Her mother paused. "It is said that there are some who have the destructive souls of males but the bodies of females. They are called malesouled."

"What a silly superstition. But why would anyone think that I am such a thing?" Vessala asked. 

Her mother paused. "Sit down, dear." 

Vessala sat. 

"You know how children are born in Desert Sanctuary?"

Vessala shrugged. "A woman visits the breeder to become pregnant. Nine months later, she births two children- one male and one female. The male child is sacrificed to the guardian goddess, and the female is raised by her mother. This is part of our pact with the guardian goddess."

"Yes. Ordinarily true. However, I never gave birth to a male child. You were born alone, Vessala. An oddity. There were whispers at the time, but none ever dared to openly call you a malesouled. But now... now there are other concerns." 

"What other concerns?"

"The way your friends fawn over you. It's... unnatural."

Vessala crossed her arms. "I only used a little magic on them. All females can use magic." 

"I know dear, but some would say that the way you ensnared their minds is the same as the way males enslave females in the outside world. Besides, your use of magic is another problem. Artura says you've completely surpassed her in skill."

"So what? I'm good at magic." 

"Ves, you only started training under Artura last week and she's the best in Desert Sanctuary!"

Vessala smirked. "She was the best. Not anymore." 

"This is serious," her mother insisted. 

"Fine, mother," Vessala said. "The legends say that malesouled can't become pregnant, right? So I'll go see the breeder and put these rumors to rest forever."

Her mother smiled warmly. "You're going to love being a mother, dear. I know I have."

----------

An hour later, Vessala stood outside the breeder's cave at the top of Mount Sanctuary. Desert Sanctuary, the sacred home of her people, stretched out in all directions around the mountain. Beyond there was only dry, sandy desert. The springs of mount sanctuary were the only thing that made life in this arid place possible. Desert Sanctuary's remoteness protected it from the roaming bands of males that littered the rest of the desert. 

Vessala glanced back toward the cave, realizing that she was merely stalling. She adjusted her headdress and stepped forward. Just then, a voice hailed her from the path below. 

"Ho! Young Vessala! A moment!" It was elder Shaela, accompanied by Elder Jemim. The two approached Vessala. As elders their breasts were larger than those of any other women in the Sanctuary. Both women were in their sixties, although they looked only about forty thanks to the extra magic they were allowed to carry. Speaking of which...

"You were supposed to attend us this morning, Young One," said Elder Jemim. 

"Why?" asked Vessala. In truth, she knew why. 

"The elders glanced at each other, then back to Vessala. "Today is your eighteenth birthday is it not?" asked Shaela. 

"Yes. And?"

"And you owe the council of elders a portion of your magic once you come of age," insisted Shaela. "Did your mother not tell you this?"

Of course she had. That didn't mean that Vessala was actually going to let these old bags take her magic. She would die first. "Why do I owe the council anything? My magic is my own."

Jemim sighed. "Young One, the council provides for the common good of all Desert Sanctuary. To do this we need extra magic."

"How exactly do you elders provide for the common good?"

"Well, for one, we keep the males out."

"But, do we really need to keep the males out?" Vessala asked. "I have heard that in the northern lands the males have been enslaved and are properly controlled by females."

Shaela chuckled. "I too have heard that tale. I've also heard that the northerners have skin as pale as the moon and breasts the size of large waterfruit. You shouldn't believe everything you hear, Young One." 

Well to hell with it. "I don't believe you old bags need extra magic except to keep your faces from wrinkling and your breasts from sagging," she blurted. 

The elders looked shocked. "Vessala," said Jemim carefully. "I am beginning to wonder if the rumors about you are true. Rudeness and problems with authority are traits often associated with the males."

"Do you dare imply what I think you're implying, you cunt?!"

"You CANNOT talk to us like that," Shaela insisted. "We're the Elders. You must do what we say. Now, remove your top. I shall appropriate the appropriate amount of magic from your breasts, as is my right as an Elder of Desert Sanctuary." She stepped forward. 

"You will do no such thing." Vessala quickly spun two small, invisible and incredibly intricate webs of magic and placed them onto the heads of the elders. The webs sank through their skin and their skulls and settled upon their brains. The elders stopped in their tracks. The spell was a difficult one, and Vessala had never before met any other woman who knew how to do it. At first, it had taken her hours to spin such delicate and precise webs, but as she practiced on her friends, it had grown easier. 

"We..." Shaela appeared puzzled, the spell working its magic on her mind. "We won't? You're right. Taking your magic would be entirely inappropriate."

Vessala smiled wickedly. Her spell was working. This kind of enthrallment spell was child's play for her, even though it was at least twenty times more complex than any spell she had ever seen anyone else perform. The women of Dessert Sanctuary were novices in the art of Feminine Magic compared to her. If she could just teach them her knowledge... But that was impossible, unfortunately, with these superstitious, power hungry old women barring her path. Well, these two would be under her thrall as long as she never lost her concentration. Time for some fun.

"Elder Shaela," she said sweetly. "This is my first time visiting the breeder, and I'm a little nervous. Would you please..." Vessala pulled up her skirt to bare her pussy. "...help me prepare? With your mouth, please." 

The enthrallment spell easily bent Shaela to Vessala's will. "Yes of course, young one," The elder replied, kneeling on the ground before her. Vessala gasped as she felt the older woman's tongue brush against her clit. Vessala grasped the back of the woman's head with her hands, pushing her deeper into the junction of her legs, relishing her power. 

"This seems... odd..." muttered Elder Jemim, enthralled brain unable to process the sight of her esteemed colleague kneeling in the dirt before the young Vessala, eating her with what appeared to be genuine desire. Without an order to follow her mind was trying to reject Vessala's control. 

Best to give her an order, then. "Elder Jamim," Vessala said. "My feet have become dirty as I climbed this mountain. Please clean them with your mouth,"

"Very well," said Jamim, finding this request completely reasonable thanks to Vessala's mind control. She too knelt in the dirt, bending to lick Vessala's toes. 

Vessala sighed contentedly, looking out over Desert Sanctuary, an oasis of feminine goodness in the middle of a sea of dunes crawling with male tribes. Unlike the Elders, she did not believe Desert Sanctuary was not meant to be merely a haven for feminine peace, it was meant to be a beacon of light, an example for all the world. Vessala knew it was her destiny to lead the people of sanctuary into that future. Once her child was born, she would begin. Wielding magic was impossible while pregnant with a male child, after all. 

Shaela's tongue was beginning to bring her pleasure to a head. Vessala gripped the woman's dark hair and pressed her further into her own muff, softly crying out as she gushed sticky fluid all over the Elder's face. 

After a few moments, she pushed her new servants away. The mind control spell would last only until she allowed her concentration to lapse, but she could easily force the elders to forget anything... unseemly. She thought for a moment and eventually decided to leave them in thrall for now. It would be good to have someone to greet her when she emerged from the cave, pregnant. 

Vessala strode toward the cave mouth. This step was important. The women of Sanctuary would not follow her if they thought she was malesouled, and she could hardly put them all in thrall at once! A pair of healthy children would convince them she was normal. And, she was ashamed to admit, it would also help to convince herself. 

Her eyes adjusted to the darkness. In the center of the cave's central chamber was a single pillar. The breeder sat beside it, bound to it by a thick bronze chain. This was the first time Vessala had seen a male up close and to be honest she was surprised by how human he looked. His skin was the same pitch black of all those in desert sanctuary. However, he was a bit larger than a female, a bit hairier, and he had no breasts. Of course the most obvious difference hung between his legs. Vessala found herself perversely fascinated by the sight of the breeder's cock. It was, after all, the only part of a male that could contribute to the process of creating life, and therefore the only valuable part of him. 

"So," the breeder grumbled. "Are you just gonna stand there staring?"

Vessala started. "I... I didn't realize you could talk."

He chortled. "I guess it doesn't really matter to you, right?" Vessala straightened her back. Best to be firm and authoritative. 

"I have come for your seed, breeder."

"Of course you have," he spat. "But here's the twist. No."

Vessala gaped. "No? You are a male! A beast who lives only to ravish and impregnate! How could you possibly decline an opportunity to do just that?"

"People keep telling me that," muttered the male. "Even before I was brought here. In my tribe, males killed each other for the opportunity to impregnate women. If offered the opportunity to knock up an entire city's worth of women, as I have, most would jump at the chance. But you know, I would trade every pussy in the world for the sky over my head and the sand beneath my feet. To ride into battle with stout comrades at my side and to die at the hands of a worthy foe. That is how a male like me should die. As it is, I will be put down like a dog by you people the moment I cease to... perform adequately." 

"Fool," Vessala responded. "Your only purpose is to provide seed for us. You are not a person. You are livestock."

"No. I may be an animal, but if so, I am a wild beast, not a cow. I am through being milked."

Vessala paused. She felt a strange pain in her chest that she struggled to comprehend. It wasn't annoyance or anger or fear. With a sense of abject horror, she realized the feeling was... kinship. Empathy. 

No. She could not possibly feel kinship with a male. They were animals, not people. The only woman who could feel empathy for a male would be a....

A malesouled. She trembled.

"NO!" She roared. "I AM A WOMAN! I don't care about YOU! You are nothing!" She stooped to pick up a large stone from the floor of the cave.

The male climbed to his feet, raising his arms into fists. "Well, well. Looks like the little lioness wants a fight. Fine by me I guess." He spat.

With a roar of rage she swung the rock at his head, using her magic to enhance the strength of her arm. The male raised his arm to block her attack, but at the last instant, lowered it again. The rock collided with his head with a sickening crunch. He fell to the ground. 

Vessala stood over the breeder, panting. He was dead. In a flash, Vessala understood that he had allowed her attack to hit him on purpose, seeking something vaguely resembling death in battle. He had probably known that this was the last chance he was likely ever going to get. The knowledge that she could understand the male's thoughts sickened Vessala. She backed away until her back touched the wall of the cave, then fell down and curled up. She was a malesouled. A malesouled, a monster, an abomination. 

She sat there, on the floor of the cave, weeping for at least an hour. But then, like a revelation from heaven, it dawned on her. She was no malesouled. The malesouled don't exist. She was able to understand the male simply because she was intelligent- more so than the other women of sanctuary. Because she was smart, she was able to understand things that others couldn't. 

Males were not what the women of Desert Sanctuary thought. They were brute beasts, to be sure, but potentially useful ones. Animals to be domesticated, not monsters to hide from like scared children. She wiped her eyes. She would show them. She would lead them into a new era of greatness. Vessala left the cave. 

She found the people of Desert Sanctuary waiting for her just outside the cave, wielding knives and torches. At their head were Elders Jemim and Shaela. Shit. She must have allowed their enthrallments do dissipate during the events inside the cave. 

"What is this?" Vessala demanded.

"Your day of reckoning has come, malesouled," Jemim spat. 

"I am no malesouled," Vessala responded. 

"Oh?" Said Shaela. "Well, you have just emerged from the breeder's cave. Are you pregnant?"

"I..." Vessala trailed off as a woman from the crowd pushed past her into the cave. "w-wait!" she stammered. But it was too late. A cry of horror resounded from inside the cave. 

"The breeder is dead! The monster has killed the breeder!"

Elder Jemim hissed. "Violence! A masculine trait! Malesouled! She is trying to destroy Sancutary by preventing new births!"

The crowd hissed, falling back a step and staring at Vessala with absolute fear and terror. "Malesouled!" They cried. "Monster! Kill the Malesouled!"

Vessala spotted her mother in the crowd. "Mother!" She cried. "Tell them! Tell them that I'm not what they're saying!"

Her mother refused to meet her eyes. "Get away from me, monster. The fact that you used my body to come into the world makes me sick to my stomach. I will have to live with that shame all my days." 

Vessala was shocked. Her own mother had abandoned her. It was over. Everything was over. She began to laugh. What else could she do?

And then, the answer came to her. The only possible way to escape this situation with her life. She changed the tone of her laugh, from one of hysteria to an insane, evil cackle, throwing her arms wide and laughing with all the gusto she could muster. She struck a threatening pose and snarled at the crowd. The front most women jumped back, terrified of her. 

"THAT'S RIGHT!" She shouted at the top of her lungs. "I AM A MALESOULED, SENT HERE FROM THE DEEPEST DEPTHS OF HELL TO TORMENT AND DESECRATE THE WOMEN OF THIS 'HOLY' PLACE! FEAR ME, BITCHES! HA HA HA HA HA!!"

"She damns herself with her own words!" Shouted Jemim. "Kill her! Kill the Malesouled!"

Vessala held out her hand. "The first bitch to step forward will die by my demonic power," she warned. "Her soul will spend eternity in the grasp of fell demons who will rape her over and over!" She strode forward, confidently. The crowd parted to let her pass. "It's been fun, bitches! I suppose I have to leave. But surely, elsewhere in the world, there are pure, innocent females to desecrate and befoul!!! AHAHAHAHA!!"

Vessala made for the gate. The citizens of Desert Sanctuary made no attempt to stop her, terrified as they were of her imagined malesouled powers. One thing was true, though. There WERE other women in the world. Perhaps the women of the north would be more enlightened than this superstitious lot. 

As Vessala passed through the gate, she allowed herself one final glace back toward her home. Desert Sanctuary was not the bastion of enlightenment that she had imagined it to be, but still she felt the pain of leaving behind everything she had ever known. 

She turned toward the north. 

---------

Mirah

Mirah Vageena, Baroness and rank three Phallic Cultist, sat idly on a bench in the courtyard of Lady Shina's castle. It had been two full days since Burk had entered Lady Shina's keep. The training could possibly last another five. Mirah was extremely curious as to the nature of the training itself, but she accepted Shina's assessment that she was not yet ready. 

While waiting, Mirah had taken the opportunity to have her servants bring in her things. She was quite comfortable in the rooms that Lady Shina had provided for her, since she had brought along her own furnishings. Mirah's mother, Xencina, was somewhat less well off. Xencina had left her former accommodations without even the clothes on her back. Mirah had grudgingly lent her a few of her old dresses. Since she had taken a large portion of her mother's Bosom, Mirah's old dresses fit the fallen Papess almost perfectly. 

Speaking of Xencina, she was currently walking down the garden path toward Mirah. Well, Mirah had hoped to spend a few hours meditating on the power and glory of cock (and masturbating, of course) but now another argument with her mother seemed more likely. She straightened her back as Xencina approached. "What do you want, Mother?" she demanded.

Surprisingly, Xencina did not respond with hostility. "I... I need your help, Mirah."

Mirah's interest was piqued. "My help? I thought I was just a disappointment to you. Why in the name of the Great Male God would you need my help?"

Xencina shuffled awkwardly. "Its about your- our- master. Burk. I have tried everything I can think of to please him with my mouth, but it seems I am unable to make him cum. He refuses to give me the child I desire until I can please him, but I cannot. And yet, you seem to do so easily." 

"That's because I'm better than you," Mirah sneered. 

Xencina looked crestfallen. "I suppose I have no right to ask for your help." 

"You're damn right, you don't!" Mirah snarled. "You forced me- as an infant, no less- to bear the seal of chastity for you. You all but abandoned me to preach that heretical and misguided hogwash that you call scripture. Then, you have the nerve to call ME a disappointment!"

"I'm sorry." Xencina turned away. 

Mirah felt her heart soften. She sighed. "Wait. I will help you."

Xencina turned toward her. "You will?"

"Yes, though certainly not for your sake. I cannot, in good conscience, take a course of action that would lead to less pleasure for my King."

"I- thank you," the flushed Papess stammered. 

"Shut the fuck up and get on your knees," Mirah commanded.

Xencina promptly obeyed. Mirah spread her legs and hiked up her skirt. "I am Burk," She declared in the deepest voice she could manage. "And this..." she placed her right arm with the elbow at the junction of her legs and her hand balled into a fist. "...is my cock. Suck it, bitch." Mirah's forearm was actually a pretty good approximation of Burk's cock in terms of size, though it was perhaps a bit smaller than the real thing. 
