 AN: This chapter is pretty short, but there is more to come, I promise.

*****

Burk

Burk groaned, blasting his seed once again into the overstuffed pussy of Shina Tuo. Then, at last, he fell back, pulling out of her and sitting down. Burk's cum poured from Shina's gaping snatch into the thick pool of cum on the floor of the great hall. Steaming seed coated her naked, unconscious body from the tip of her head to her toes, soaked into her hair. She was unrecognizable under the thick coating of cum. Only the gentle rise and fall of her amazingly endowed chest indicated that she was even alive.

Thankfully, she was still alive. As his rage ebbed, Burk had realized that he had no reason to kill her. Her earlier hostility toward him was simply necessary for his training, plus another busty servant could come in handy. 

Finally, after seventy two hours straight of back-breaking, mind-numbing, punishing sex, Burk's cock would no longer rise to full hardness. He sat back on his haunches for a few moments, catching his breath and admiring his handiwork. Then, he stood, groaning as his sore muscles protested. He picked up Shina's limp, unconscious body and carried her out of the great hall into the courtyard, admiring the slight sway of her cum-covered tits. 

Mirah Vageena, Burk's favorite bitch, awaited him in the courtyard near a wide fountain. When she saw Burk emerging from the great hall, she leapt to her feet. 

"Your Majesty!" she exclaimed. "You completed the trial?"

"I did," Burk replied. "Wasn't easy." He stepped into the fountain, cool water engulfing his feet up to the ankles. He set Shina down in the water and began to wash off the layers of his thick semen that coated her entire body. 

Mirah looked over his shoulder. "Is she... alive?"

"Yeah," Burk grunted, "Barely. I think I fucked her harder than any woman has ever been fucked in history."

Mirah's lips parted as she stared at her comatose religious leader. "I wish I could have been the one to train you," she pouted. 

"I doubt you would have survived."

"A fair point. Lady Shina is tougher than most." She noted the unconscious woman's expansive Bosom. "It looks like she pulled out all the stops for you, your majesty. Those look to be lower Duchess Level."

"She drained my balls," Burk said tiredly, leaning back in the cool water. "I don't think I've ever been so tired." He began to wash himself. 

Mirah quickly doffed her clothing and stepped into the fountain. "Your majesty, please allow me to wash you."

"Very well." Burk leaned back and closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of Mirah's hands gently washing and massaging his sore muscles. She started at his neck, then lovingly washed his arms, caressing his powerful biceps and cooing softly before moving onto his torso. As she washed his chest with her hands she pressed herself against him, her large, soft breasts hot against his abs. She slid downward, slowly downward, until at last she was face to face with his cock.

"Now that I am this close to you I can tell just how different you are," she whispered. So powerful. You aren't even hard, but just looking at your cock makes me feel dominated." She quickly lowered a hand to her pussy and began to rub herself. "Please allow me to serve you, your majesty."

Burk sat up slowly. "I said I was spent," he said. "I'll have you later tonight."

Mirah pouted. "Very well. I'm just so horny. I haven't had the chance to serve you for six whole days!"

Burk grunted. He supposed he did have an obligation to take care of Mirah's lusts. So, he lowered his arms, grasping her ass cheeks, and lifted her up. The busty baroness's yelp of surprised gave way to a loud moan of pleasure as he pulled her sodden snatch up to his mouth and took a long, slow lick around the outsides of her labia. She quivered in his grip. 

"Oh GOOODDD," Mirah groaned in abject bliss, her eyes rolling back in her head as Burk ate her pussy with fervor. "Y-your majesty," she stuttered after a few moments, "I am honored, but... you shouldn't lower yourself so. To please my lowly pussy with your magnificent mouth- OHH SHIT!" she cut off with a scream of pleasure as Burk lightly nipped at her clit. 

"I like the taste," Burk said around a mouthful of pussy. "During the training Shina made me do it every time she knocked me down. Bitch pissed on my face every time I didn't make her cum fast enough. I got her back though. Fucked her throat for twelve straight hours, and made her drink my piss every time I had to go. After that, I took her asshole without any lube for about eight hours, then...

"Oh FUCK!" Mirah shouted. "I'm CUMMING! YES YES YEESSSSS!"

Burk chuckled, lapping up Mirah's gushing juices while she tangled her fingers in his hair. As Mirah's trembling convulsions ceased, Burk noted that he was becoming aroused after all, his massive cock slowly stiffening. "Well I'll be damned. I guess I'm not quite spent after all."

"Your majesty's cock is too powerful," Mirah moaned. "Nothing can stop it now. Your virility is functionally limitless."

Burk lifted Mirah off of his face and held her sopping twat just above the blunt tip of his now fully erect cock. Then, slowly, he lowered her down onto it, impaling her pussy on inch after inch of thick veiny meat. She had another orgasm almost immediately, screaming at the top of her lungs as the broad head shoved powerfully against her cervix. He settled into a slow rhythm, pulling her up and down his cock. She helped by bouncing her hips in time with his thrusts whenever she wasn't too busy cumming her brains out. 

As they fucked with abandon, Mirah's mother Xencina appeared, striding around the corner of the keep. She was wearing one of Mirah's old dresses and she strode with purpose, her face flushed. "Male!" She addressed Burk curtly, "how dare you emerge from the keep at last without telling me immediately? Did you forget? You promised me a chance each day to please you with my mouth and earn your seed for motherhood." She crossed her arms, huffing. "You owe me six days worth of attempts."

"Suck my balls," Burk replied.

"What? I-"

He turned his head to look her in the eye. "Put my balls. In your mouth. And suck on them. Now."

Xencina's resistance crumbled. "I- um. Alright." She stepped into the fountain, soaking her clothes as she knelt in the water and bent forward beneath her daughter's bouncing ass. 

Burk sighed in contentment as he felt her hot mouth make contact with his left nut. She slurped it with admirable enthusiasm. Clearly, her oral skills had improved since last he had ordered her to blow him. He closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling.

Then, he felt an unexpected sensation. Another pair of lips had closed upon his right ball, servicing the other half of his nutsack. He opened his eyes to find Shina Tuo on her knees, sucking his balls right next to her former theological foe. 

This spurred Burk on. He increased his pace, fucking Mirah like an earthquake and sending her into a flurry of closely chained orgasms while Shina and Xencina frigged themselves, sucking his balls with devotion. 

Finally, he tossed Mirah off, standing up and pumping his dick in one powerful hand. 

The three busty women knelt before him, with closed eyes and open mouths, fondling their tits and pussies, ready to receive. 

And receive they did. Burk blasted the face and tits of first Mirah, then Xencina, and finally Shina, in a thick coat of hot, potent spunk. Xencina and Shina reached orgasm on their own fingers as thick cum ran down their faces and between their tits.

Burk stood, exiting the fountain. "We leave this castle within the hour. You girls clean yourselves up. Oh, and Xencina..." The former papess brushed his cum out of one of her eyes so she could see him. "Tomorrow you will have seven chances."

"Thank you," she breathed. 

Of course, while the women were supposed to be cleaning themselves up, they quickly devolved into a semen-fueled lesbian orgy. It took a full three hours before Burk was able to leave the castle of Shina Tuo, bitches in tow. 

Next up, Jea Dikei.

---

Axina

Axina held tight to 2342's hair, holding on for dear life as he ate her through an extremely powerful orgasm. 

Finally, she collapsed back onto the bed, stroking 2342's hair in an attempt to make up for how she had painfully gripped it a moment before. He gazed up at her with enthralled adoration, his neck unadorned by a collar. She had succeeded... at least in part. She knew she was staring back at him with that same look. But goddesses, was he beautiful. 

Someone knocked on the door. Probably just a servant bringing the food and drinks again. Goddesses, how long had she been in this room? At least twelve hours, she guessed. Twelve straight hours fucking a male. She must be a complete slut.

The door opened, and to Axina's surprise, Matrona herself strode into the room. 

"Mother!" Axina exclaimed. Matrona was actually her liege lady, not her mother, but she called her that to accommodate the older woman's mother daughter fetish, an arrangement that Axina did not mind in the least. 

"I've come to check on your progress girl. You've been in here for three full days, after all," Matrona said wryly. 

Axina felt her jaw drop. Three days! How had she so completely lost track of time? But, thankfully, she could report at least partial success. "2342 is currently in my thrall, My Lady," she replied, and without the use of a collar. However..." she bit her lip. "I could not find a way to enthrall him without allowing him to penetrate me. Which of course resulted in my own enthrallment to him. As such, we are currently mutually enthralled. However, I have discovered a method that allows me to gain an advantage of sorts."

"Go on," Matrona prodded. 

"The key is self-perception. Specifically, a kind of solipsistic arrogance. If I can convince myself that possess nearly goddesslike quantities of beauty and desirability, then I consider myself to serving the male adequately simply by allowing him to please me. Thus, to an extent, I gain authority over him."

She turned to 2342. "Eat me out again," she commanded. 2342 bent forward to give her twat a lick and she moaned lewdly. 

"Of course," she continued, fighting to keep her voice even as pleasure rose in her loins, "There are limits to my power. I don't think I could order him to do anything that wouldn't be in his interest, such as harming himself. Despite my imperious self-image, I remain in his thrall, every inch of me yearns to serve him."

"I suppose that is the best we could have hoped for," Matrona mused. "It was unlikely at the start that you would be able to completely dominate a male with sex given that the opposite is almost always the case."

"In addition," Axina continued, "this solipsistic self-deception is far more difficult to sustain in your presence, My Lady, as you are far more powerful, feminine, and desirable than I am."

"You shouldn't demean yourself so, child," Matrona said, but Axina could sense she was pleased at the compliment. "Given your success," Matrona continued, "I am informing you that Her Supreme Bustiness, Queen Anabeth Titania requires your presence in the throne room tomorrow."

Axina sat up. "The Queen? Why?"

"I believe she has a task for you. But before you go to meet her..." Matrona raised her arm, holding an old book out to Axina. On the cover was the word, "Journal". 

Axina gasped. "This handwriting... I've seen it before! It belongs to my mother!"

"Yes," Matrona said awkwardly. "Perhaps I should have told you sooner, but these matters are a state secret, known only to a few. Your mother was once a Countess, in direct service to the Queen herself." She raised a finger to Axina's lips, forestalling the torrent of questions that was about to escape her lips. "The answers you seek can be found in that book. The truth about your mother... and the most likely cause of your mysterious power over males. I'll leave you too it." 

She left the room. 

With trembling fingers, Axina opened the front cover, reading the title page.

The Personal and Scientific Journal of Baroness Melynda Bethasuse

The word "Baroness" was scratched out, and the word "Countess" scrawled beneath it in the same hand. Eager to uncover the mystery that had gone unnoticed her whole life, Axina began to read.