 The Personal and Scientific Journal of Baroness Melynda Bethasuse

Sept 24th, 33rd year of the reign of Her Bustiness Queen Anabeth Titania

Query: What causes the phenomenon known colloquially as "cock-thrall"? Why does the mere act of an insertion of a penis into a mighty Lady of Bosom's vagina cause her to surrender her faculties to a mere, inferior male? Church doctrine tells us that it is a punishment for allowing the filthy male inside of one's body. But if that is the case, why does it feel so good?

Hypothesis: Males possess a kind of energy ('masculine energy', if you will) that, when it comes into contact with Feminine Power, interacts with it in such a way as to leave the bearer of Bosom helpless and enthralled. This could also explain why a woman who is pregnant with a male child cannot use feminine power. 

If male virility is due to some measurable energy, it is possible that this energy could be altered, increased, or decreased. There are a number of potential applications. Unfortunately I don't have the resources to fully pursue research at the moment. It will have to wait until I have attained the rank of Countess at the very least. 

Oct 3rd, 33rd YRHB Anabeth Titania

It seems my research has earned the attention of the Queen herself, though for what reason, I am not entirely certain. When I was approached by the Queen's guard I expected to be arrested for heresy. There are many within the Church who consider my work such. Instead I was informed that the Queen was interested in my work, and ordered to appear before her in one week's time. This could be a chance for me to rise to prominence! If I earn the Queen's approval, surely I will be duly rewarded with Feminine Power and rank. At the very least, this means I should be able to conduct my research without further harassment by the clerics and priestesses of the Church. 

Oct 10th, 33rd YRHB Anabeth Titania

My presentation before the Queen went fairly well, all things considered. Anabeth Titania is a formidable woman. When I entered the throne room upon summons by Her Bustiness, she was already entertaining another guest, a Duchess who had displeased her in some way. As I entered, Her Bustiness was forcing the aforementioned Duchess to grant her oral pleasure, while savagely beating the poor woman's buttocks raw with the Staff of Punishment. I am told this is considered a fairly light chastisement- any serious punishment would involve anal penetration.

I am not certain whether this scene was meant as a message to me, but I honestly doubt that I warrant that much importance to the Queen. In any case, I presented my research as clearly and concisely as I could. Soon, I found out why she was interested in the scientific theories of an eccentric like myself. 

The Queen, in her 40th year of life, is yet without issue. Without a female heir, the succession might be called into question upon her death. More troubling still is the possibility of a rebellion while she is still alive. Apparently, there are whispers of such among those Ladies of high rank and power who are not in favor at court. They may use the Queen's lack of an heir as an excuse to rise and dethrone her, or at least to curtail her privileges. 

This is the reason for the Queen's interest in my research. She is seeking to become pregnant by any means available, and as yet, nothing has worked. She had heard of my research into masculine energy, and of particular interest to her was my ability to raise male virility. She asked me if it was possible to create a male so virile, that he could impregnate ANY woman. By "any" woman, I suppose she meant herself. 

I answered in the affirmative. However, I have my doubts. Surely there are limits to how much energy the male body can contain. And besides that, my normal method for increasing virility might not be sufficient. I told the Queen that I would need time and resources. She assured me that I would have them. 

More importantly, she raised me to the rank of Countess on the spot, and informed me that if my research resulted in a royal heir, I would be a Duchess!

Oct 11th, 33rd YRHB Anabeth Titania

As I was directing a number of male and commoner laborers who were setting up my research facilities, I was accosted by the young Papess of the Most Nurturing and Feminine Church of Womanhood. Predictably, she accused me of heresy, insisting that there was no such thing as "masculine energy" and that such a heretical theory would surely lead to my swift and painful punishment by the Goddess. 

Against my better judgement, I engaged with her. I asked her why Ladies of Bosom who are pregnant with male children cannot wield their Feminine Power. To me, this is a clear sign that males possess a type of energy that is anathema to Feminine Power. She, of course, insisted that it was due to the impurity of males in general. Doubtless that is her explanation for the phenomenon of cock-thrall, as well. 

I tried to tell her that her explanation made no logical sense, but she kept insisting over and over that it was the truth. These religious types wear on my nerves. They do not seek understanding through observation, but rather through emotion. 

Eventually I simply told her that my research was sanctioned by the Queen, and, if she didn't like it, to take it up with Her Bustiness. The Papess stormed off in a huff, likely to do just that. 

Nov 13th, 33rd YRHB Anabeth Titania

I have devised a new method to raise the virility of males by increasing their masculine energy, thereby proving all of my theories about the existence of masculine energy to be correct. With the resources of the crown, my research can make bold strides faster than ever before. Chief among these resources are an unlimited supply of males and commoners to experiment on. I am also granted virtually unlimited access to the Royal Treasury, which is important considering the nature of my new method. 

This method involves injecting Feminine Power directly into the body of a male. With luck, the male body is able to absorb the power and convert it to masculine energy. Of course, it doesn't always work. The first two attempts to raise masculine energy with this method merely resulted in dead, malformed male corpses. However, on the third attempt, the subject survived. Henceforth I will refer to him as Subject 01.

I was observing the procedure closely at the time, and I thought perhaps I saw slight physical changes to the male's body as well. I think he grew approximately three inches in height and one inch in phallic length. I wish I had remembered to take his measurements before the procedure.

In any case, I will begin testing his virility within the next couple of days. In order to do so, I have set up an experiment. I will allow Subject 01 to copulate with a hundred or so common women who I have organized into three classes based on their expected fertility: 

Class One women are young, healthy, and in their prime, with no defects or injuries. I anticipate that these will be the most fertile. 

The Class Two women are older, aged 40 to 50. It should be noted that common women (unlike Ladies of Bosom), experience a sharp decline in fertility after the age of 35. Thus, it is relatively unlikely that these women would become pregnant under ordinary circumstances. 

The third and final class (Class 03) is made up of women that, due to injury, defect, or miscarriage, have been rendered completely barren. Under ordinary circumstances, none of these women could possibly conceive. If Subject 01 manages to impregnate even a small percentage of this class, I will be able to report success to Her Bustiness. 

It will take time for Subject 01 to complete his tests. It will be further weeks until the results become apparent. 

Nov 14th 33rd YRHB Anabeth Titania

Today I began the tests, allowing Subject 01 to copulate with the first batch of women, all Class One. Subject 01 appeared eager to rut with any and all women in his vicinity, and I must say I am optimistic. He tore through the first ten test subjects over a period of about six hours, ejaculating deep within each without ever running dry. I measured his semen output per ejaculation: just over two cups (1/4 of a pint) on average. 

For the most part, my female subjects reacted to Subject 01 with intense arousal and participated in the test eagerly. I cannot entirely blame them, as I too found the sight of Subject 01 nailing cunt after cunt with his giant cock and filling them all with sperm to be intensely erotic. I am ashamed to admit, that I gave into temptation and masturbated. I even briefly considered having a private session with Subject 01 myself. But no, the Queen expects results as soon as possible, and I cannot waste time wiling away my days in cock-thrall. 

Dec 12th 33rd YRHB Anabeth Titania

By now the results of my first round of tests has become apparent. Subject 01 succeeded in impregnating 90% of group one and 60% of group two; outstanding results that prove my theories definitively. Unfortunately, he was unable to successfully inseminate any members of group three. 

This does not necessarily mean failure. It may be that Subject 01 simply isn't powerful enough. I have already begun the attempt to create an even more virile male by injecting more than double the amount of power. I have been through five subjects, none survived. 

As for Subject 01, I was going to dispose of him, but I received a request from the Duchess Matrona Maternia, a friend of the Queen, to purchase him. Apparently she too is having some problems conceiving. I wish her the best. Either way, 01 is now out of my hands. 

Dec 27th 33rd YRHB Anabeth Titania

After nearly a thousand failed injection attempts, I was nearly ready to give up. However, thank the Goddess, a male has at last survived the process. And just in the nick of time, too, as the Queen has grown weary of my research's high Feminine Power cost. 

I am puzzled as to why this one survived when the others (most of whom were stronger and more virile) died so pathetically. Prior to the injection, the male I now call Subject 02 was diminutive and barely noticeable. He stood a mere 5'3" with scrawny limbs and a mere five inch penis. However, the transformation of 02 was far more dramatic than that of 01. He grew an even two feet in height with a massive increase in musculature. Most stunning of all, his cock nearly tripled in length and width, becoming an incredible 14.4" long by 7" circumference! 

In addition, his tongue (which had been severed before as is the custom in the Capital) was somehow restored and he can now speak. 

Every time I look at him, I feel a tiny thrill of fear. This is a creature who can and will utterly destroy any woman he touches. He is not a mere male. He is a kind of... Ultramale. We will have to dispose of him once his purpose is complete. 

Dec 29th 33rd YRHB Anabeth Titania

Subject 02 is truly astounding. Over the course of a mere two days, he has successfully copulated with his entire test group of 100 women. I watched the entire time, and as such I have not slept in over 48 hours. My panties are utterly ruined. 

Subject 02 does not merely fuck his sex partners. He dominates them. He makes them kneel, slaps their faces with his giant cock and forces them to suck his balls before pounding their pussies harder than a smith in a forge. Then he blasts his seed (twice as much as Subject 01, and also much thicker) up their twats and all over their faces and chests. 

Several times, he came toward me, the lust in his eyes making his intentions perfectly clear. I stopped him each time with a wall of air created by my Feminine Power. I could not help but fantasize about what would happen if I let my defenses slip...

January 1st, 34th YRHB Anabeth Titania

I am still waiting for the results of Subject 02's virility tests. However I have noticed something interesting. The women who have copulated with Subject 02 appear for all the world to be in cock-thrall to him. Ordinarily, only Ladies of Bosom experience cock-thrall. 

My theory at the moment is that Subject 02 possesses so much masculine energy that even the mere vestiges of Feminine Power that remain in common women are enslaved by him. It will be interesting to see how long this enthrallment lasts. 

January 21st, 34th YRHB Anabeth Titania

Disturbing rumors of rebellion in the countryside have reached the capital. Surprisingly, the revolt is not being led by some over-mighty Duchess, but rather an unknown Lady of Busom with jet-black skin. I have heard that such people populate the deserts south of the kingdom's border, but I cannot imagine what one of them would be doing here, leading a revolt of all things. 

When I reported to the Queen, she enquired if it might be possible to use Subject 02 as a weapon against the rebels. I replied, tentatively, in the affirmative. The trouble would be to find a way to control him. Thrall collars do not seem to work on him at all. 

February 3rd, 34th YRHB Anabeth Titania

The results are in. The test subjects are all pregnant. All of them. One hundred percent of every category. Additionally, every one of them remains in Subject 02's thrall, even the ones he hasn't copulated with for over a month. It's highly uncommon for cock-thrall to last longer than 24 hours. As such, I have to consider the possibility that they may remain in an enthralled state indefinitely. 

Nevertheless, this is great news! My experiment proved to be a success. Obviously I cannot advise the Queen to lay with Subject 02, but copulation is not strictly necessary for insemination to occur. I need only harvest some of 02's semen, and the Queen will have her heir. Then I will bend my efforts to find a way to control 02 so as to weaponize him. 

February 4th, 34th YRHB Anabeth Titania

An incredible series of events occurred today, which I will attempt to narrate in all its arousing detail. 

At about 11:00 in the morning I heard a knock on the door to my laboratory. I opened it to find- to my utmost shock- the Queen herself standing in the corridor in naught but her undergarments. It is difficult, when in Her Bustiness' presence, not to feel decidedly inferior. Her skin is flawless, her demeanor regal, and her Bosom mind-bogglingly enormous. And here, in the door of my laboratory, the Royal Bust was bursting from a bra ten sizes too small as Anabeth Titania leaned against the doorframe. I felt myself moisten. 

"I've come to get pregnant," she stated casually. "Where is this Ultramale you keep telling me about?"

"Your Bustiness!" I replied, almost frantic. "There is no need for you to personally-"

She silenced me with a frosty glare. "I got your report yesterday, Bethasuse. I admit, I'm disappointed that I can't actually have sex with the so called Ultramale. But, if I'm going to use his sperm to get pregnant, then I want to at least extract it from him myself."

Well, that was surprising. I complied with the Queen's request and led her to the cell in which I keep Subject 02. As usual, he leaped at me, but I easily restrained him with Feminine Power, pinning him against the wall with his arms restrained above his head. I then beckoned to the Queen that it was safe to enter. 

As soon as 02 laid eyes on Her Bustiness, his colossal cock sprang to erection with lightning speed. His rippling muscles strained against his bonds, a desperate need to violate and defile clear upon his face. 

Her Bustiness emitted a small gasp as she beheld 02 for the first time. She stalked toward him like a cat, reaching out to caress his collar bone, running her hand down his perfectly muscular body to lightly touch the base of his hard malehood. "You are the finest piece of stud meat I've ever seen," she purred. She turned to me. "What is his number?"

"I call him Subject 02," I replied. 

"No," he said. My jaw dropped.

Her Bustiness turned back to him. "No?" she asked. "Are you not subject 02?"

"I should be named, not numbered."

"But you are male." She looked downward, wiping drool from the corner of her mouth. "Very, very male."

"I am not like other males," he replied. "Those other women, the ones I knocked up, all said so. Give me a name."

The Queen considered for a moment. Then she reached behind her back and undid the clasp of her bra. It fell to the floor, allowing her bountiful Bosom to bounce free. "Tell me," she asked Subject 02, "Do you like my tits?" 

He only grunted in reply. 

Then Her Bustiness did something I will remember for the rest of my days. She put both her hands on the back of her head and shook her chest from side to side. Her mountains of jiggling flesh bounced in the most beautiful, lewd, and hot demonstration of superior femininity that I have ever seen. 02 struggled against his bonds with all his might, howling with lust as the Queen laughed in delight. 

"I'll take that as a yes," she cooed. She strode up to him, turning around and grinding her big ass into his leg, cupping one of his grapefruit-sized testicles in one palm. "I became Queen when I was only seven years old," she continued. "Thus, I inherited the Royal Bust many years before I was old enough to completely compress it. They were so huge, I used to have to carry them around in a little cart." She giggled. 

She took his cock firmly in both hands, which began to glow as she channeled Feminine Power into them, a common magical handjob technique. However, her hands continued to glow brighter and brighter until they shined nearly like the sun, so much Feminine Power was being used. A normal male would have instantly reached climax at the lightest touch. 02 is made of sterner stuff of course. He barely reacted. 

"Do you know how a cart works, male?"

He didn't reply. 

"It has a bed for storing the things you want to move. It has two handles to grip," she tightened her hold around his cock, making him moan. "And two wheels so that it can be moved around. Most importantly, there is a long, rigid shaft that connects the two wheels, around which they turn." At the word 'turn', she rotated her hands around his shaft in opposite directions, giving him a corkscrew handjob of epic proportions. "That shaft is called the axil," she purred. "If the axil is strong, the cart is strong. If the axil is weak, the cart is weak."

While this was going on, I was beginning to fidget. I could barely contain the desire to touch myself at the sight of this clash of sexual titans. Her Bustiness noticed this, and, with a grin, told me, "Feel free to rub one out, Bethasuse. I won't judge you."

So I did. As the Queen continued to pleasure 02 with her hands, I sat down on the floor, spread my legs, hiked up my skirts, and proceeded to frig the everloving shit out of my pussy. 

"I often wish that I could carry the troubles of my kingdom around in a little cart, the way I did with my Bosom when I was a child," Her Bustiness continued to muse. "My plans could be my wheels, my subjects the bed, my power the handles. All I need is a big, rigid shaft to be my axil." She bit his earlobe, purring softly. "Cum for me... Axil."

With a roar, Axil exploded into orgasm, great gouts of pearly white goo so thick you could have chewed them burst from the tip of his cock... flying straight toward my face. 

Just before the moment of impact, the gallon-gob of spunk stopped, suspended in midair. The other shots of semen also stopped in midair, caught by what I realized was the Queen's own Feminine Power. She gestured, gathering the cum into a solid sphere larger in circumference than even one of Her Bustiness's magnificent boobs. The glistening white orb hung between us for a few moments, eerily reflecting the light. 

Then the Queen squatted down, spreading her legs, pulling her panties to the side and parting the lips of her womanhood lewdly with her fingers. A stream of semen erupted from the sphere, flowing endlessly into her parted pussy, until at last every drop of cum had disappeared up into her Bustiness. Not even a drop remained. 
