 Burk

"Oh YES! FUCK MEEEE!" screamed Lady Neris Ara as Burk idly pounded her pussy. "Your cock is the... the greatest thing I ever... OH, fuck, I'm CUMMING AGAIIINNNN!"

The Lady Neris was a small time Lady of Busom with a fairly small Bust. She wouldn't have been worth Burk's time, except that her castle was right in the path of Jea Dikei's advancing army. Burk redoubled his efforts, focusing on fucking her into unconsciousness. That way he wouldn't have to listen to her caterwauling. 

Not that any woman's cries of pleasure and pledges of servitude were ever unpleasant. It was just that Burk's mind was occupied. He had no time today to think of anything but his quarry, the Field Marshal and Duchess, Jea Dikei, bearer of the Seal of Courage. 

It only took a few minutes to fuck out Neris. He left her on the floor of the castle's anteroom and climbed the steps up to the castle wall where Xencina was waiting, looking out in the direction Dikei's army would come from. 

"Remember to stick to the plan," Burk told her.

The former Papess nodded. "I will. I am not looking forward to letting that creature push that blasphemous construct of hers into me. That any Lady of Bosom would even think to create such a thing out of sacred Feminine Power boggles the mind. But, I would do anything for your cock. And also for your daughter." She cupped her belly lovingly. Xencina wasn't showing yet, but she was pregnant with Burk's child. A daughter, she claimed. According to her, if it had been a boy she would have been unable to wield feminine power. 

Xencina looked up at the sky. "We should finish this as quickly as we can, though. It looks like a storm is brewing."

Burk nodded, then went back down to the courtyard, concealing himself behind a statue. The phantom softness of the breasts of a woman who was not there pressed against his shoulder as the disembodied voice of Vessala, the Black Witch, breathily spoke in his ears. "Remember, to break the Seal of Courage, you have to rape her ass."

"I haven't forgotten," Burk replied.

"Good," Vessala cooed. "You should hit her on the back of the head, then rape her while she's unconscious."

"What? Why would I do that?"

Her disembodied voice took on a tone of asperity. "Because she can't consent to sex if she's unconscious, fool! If she is awake when you do the deed she can ruin everything with three simple words: 'fuck my ass'. The methodology for creating the Seal of Courage is very precise. Consensual anal sex can't break it. Only anal rape."

"That's a risk we'll have to take," Burk said firmly. 

"Oh? A surprising qualm for one who can rape without a care."

Burk shook his head. "When I fuck a bitch, I want her to know she's being fucked."

The conversation lapsed into silence as they waited for Jea Dikei's forces to arrive. Burk went over the plan again in his head. It was a simple plan. Xencina would pose as Lady Neris Ara, the owner of this castle. When Jea's army attacked the castle, she would feign surrender. When Jea inevitably began to sodomize her, Mirah would pounce from hiding, using her feminine power to sweep aside Jea's subordinates. After that, Burk would rush in from behind, subdue Jea before she could react, and rape her ass. It should work, given that Dikei never had any other Ladies of Bosom in her retinue. 

He didn't have long to wait. Bare minutes after he had settled into his hiding place, the thick iron-bound wooden gate exploded inward, sending splinters flying through the courtyard. A woman stood in the shattered gateway, fist extended. 

She was more heavily muscled than any woman Burk had ever seen, but not so much so that she appeared unfeminine. Her body looked toned and hard, apparat from the massive, incongruously soft pillows of titflesh spilling around the tight, thin band she wore over her chest. Around her broad hips she wore a pink skirt that ended well above the middle point of her strong, toned thighs. 

Behind her were ten bosomless common women, dressed similarly to their liege except that a large dildo of polished wood jutted out from under their short pink skirts.

"I," proclaimed the Lady of Bosom who had punched down the gates, "Am Jea Dikei. All Ladies of Bosom within this castle are to surrender to me immediately or face the consequences." The commoners behind her, members of her so-called "Strap-on Corps" sneered and rubbed their dildos with their hands, as if they were actual cocks. 

Xencina rushed into the courtyard, playing her part. "I am Lady Neris Ara, Lady of this castle," she called hurriedly. She knelt and kissed the ground at Dikei's feet. "I surrender both the castle and myself to you, Lady Jea. Please deal with me mercifully." She bowed her head in submission. 

"Hmm," Dikei considered. "I guess I could show a little mercy. Are you the only Lady in this castle, Neris?"

"Yes, my Lady Jea," Xencina said submissively. 

"Strange. My scouts told me a band of women were traveling toward this castle at great speed. A band with at least three Ladies of Bosom, and all busty at that. Three Ladies of some snuff, all travelling together way out here in the boonies. Weird, huh?"

Xencina paled. "I know nothing of that," she said worriedly.

"Really? And tell me, 'Neris', did you really think I wouldn't recognize you?" 

Xencina paled.

She laughed. "Well, it was a while ago, and I was... a bit less busty back then. Can't say I blame ya for not noticing a commoner girl. Now then..." She firmly planted a booted foot on the back of Xencina's head. "Where the others and what are you planning, Papess?" 

Burk's mind raced as he tried to think of a backup plan. Assuming Jea was at least as strong as Shina, there was little chance he would be able to subdue her with her soldiers getting in his way. Just as he was about to try anyway, Mirah burst from hiding.

"I am here, blasphemer!" She shouted, gesturing aggressively. A wave of feminine power smashed into Dikei and her subordinates. The marshal barely budged, though her massive mammaries jiggled impressively. The strap-on corps, however, were sent flying. 

"Is that the best you can do?" Jea sneered. She gestured contemptuously, and this time it was Mirah who was sent flying. 

Seizing the opportunity, Burk rose from hiding, dashing straight at his busty target. He focused masculine energy into his fist and threw all his strength into a single punch aimed at her face. Jea was plainly shocked to see a male of all things rushing at her, but she wasn't too surprised to raise her arms to block his strike. 

Even so, the blow knocked her head over heels and out the shattered gates of the castle. Burk rushed after her, only to find her on her feet, in a combat ready stance. 

"Never heard of a male packing a punch like that," She spat. "Didn't use enough power to enhance my arms. It won't happen again. Prepare to get your ass beat, little male."

"Prepare to get your ass raped little girl," Burk retorted.

Jea snorted and rushed at him, launching a series of lighting fast, iron hard blows. Her speed and power were nothing short of incredible, better than Shina Tuo at her best. Even so, Burk managed to block most of her attacks, though she landed a hit on his shoulder that stung like hell. He lashed out, counter attacking with every ounce of skill and speed he could manage, but she eluded him easily, and only quick feet saved him from getting his kneecap kicked in by her counter-counter. 

For the next hour they fought, and Jea clearly had the upper hand. She occasionally landed punishing blows on him, while he was unable to so much as touch her. 

At some point, it started to rain. The dirt under their feet was quickly churned into mud as they clashed over and over again. The sight of rainwater running down the sumptuous curves and dripping off Jea's massive rack fueled Burk's lust, making him more powerful.

In the next exchange of blows he took a solid crack across the face, but managed to get a hold on her arm. She brought her other hand crashing down on his arm to try and break his hold, but he held on, heaving her with all his strength into a nearby tree. The tree broke in half, but Jea Dikei climbed to her feet, completely unhurt. 

She rolled her neck, cracking it. Then she punched the stump of the tree she had just broken in half. It exploded, splinters flying everywhere. She roared in rage, rushing at him again, this time even faster and stronger than before. She struck like lightning at his head, his chest, his arms and legs. Then she feinted a blow at his side. As he moved to block the blow, she drove her knee up into his groin.

As he gasped and stumbled, she drew back, preparing a finishing blow. But she had miscalculated, expecting that a knee to the nuts would incapacitate Burk. Burk's groin was the epicenter of his masculine energy, and that protected him somewhat from the knee kick that would have otherwise torn him in half vertically. It still hurt though, hurt like holy hell, but it was pain he could work through. Before she could land her attack, he struck out, aiming at her ribs.

Time seemed to slow down as Burk's fist flew toward Jea's body. He saw her eyes widen slightly in surprise. But even in this compromising situation, she managed to react, dodging sideways. However, she was not able to completely avoid the attack. Since she was standing side-on to him, as she dodged backward, his fist smashed into her left breast. Burk felt his fist sinking into the warm, hot flesh for an instant before it snapped away with the force of his blow, slapping into her right breast like an obscene, fleshy newton's cradle. The tight band of leather that barely concealed her nipples broke with an audible snap, allowing her bust to bounce free. Her titanic tits continued to jiggle lewdly for the better part of ten seconds from the force of the tit-punch.

For a moment, Jea just stood there, silent. Then she threw back her head and laughed, laughed hysterically. Burk gave her space, letting her laugh until she lapsed back into silence. She shook her head. "I admired your gumption, tryin' to take me on all by yourself. That's why I've been fighting ya fair." She spat. "But now I see that yer actually dangerous. Bet yer connected to the Witch somehow, am I right? Doesn't matter I guess. I'm gonna break ya. Sorry." 

She held out a hand, and a giant, glittering purple battleax materialized above her palm. 

"Bring everything you've got," Burk sneered. 

For another hour they fought in the rain and mud. The wind picked up, driving the falling droplets around them in flurries. This time Burk was entirely on the defensive. He had no intention of finding out what that axe did to its retched victims. 

Unfortunately for him, it was only a matter of time. He was too slow to dodge a kick, he stumbled, and the axe fell, passing through him diagonally from neck to waist. It didn't cut him, it just passed right through him as if it was completely insubstantial. For a moment, he felt nothing. 

And then, fear. Chittering, screeching terror assaulted his mind, freezing every thought. His cock, which had been semi erect throughout the fight, went completely soft. The strength went out of his limbs and he fell to his knees. He looked at his hands and saw them shaking. What was happening to him? 

*Clink*

Was that the sound of chains rattling, just beyond the verge of his hearing? He turned his head frantically, searching. He saw nothing but Jea, dismissing her Terroraxe. But he was sure there was something behind him, something horrible, something that would put him in chains forever. He could almost see it, in the corner of his eye. 

Then he felt Jea's hand, cupping his chin, pulling his face up to meet her eyes. Her face was flushed and she was grinning in triumph. "Ain't had that much fun in a while, boy. But its over. Promise to be my pet from now on and I'll spare ya any more pain."

"Fuck... you..." Burk responded, his voice sounding weak and fearful in his own ears. 

"Well I'll be," Jea chuckled. "Never met anyone who didn't break in one swing of my Terroraxe. Well, if my second best weapon isn't good enough, I'll just use my first best." She pulled down her skirt, tossing it aside to reveal her dripping pussy, topped by a strip of close-cropped pubic hair. Her twat looked incredibly tight. She put both hands over her clit like she was holding a strap-on. "I usually only use this on Ladies of Bosom," she snickered, "But I'll make a special exception for you. When I'm done, you'll be crying and begging me to make you my pet." She threw back her head and laughed. 

In that moment, Burk looked up at her body, glistening with sweat and rainwater, chest heaving, giant tits smooched together by her muscular arms as she held her hands near her pussy. With that image, a tiny spark of lust was struck in the ocean of fear that controlled his mind. 

In an instant, the lust surged into a wildfire, burning away the fear. Strength returned to his limbs, his cock instantly became rock hard, and the resolution to ruin this bitch's asshole returned firmly to his mind. Gathering all his masculine energy into his fist he struck with a vicious uppercut - right into Dikei's sopping twat. His fist collided with a wet *SPLAT*

Jea's laughter cut off and eyes bulged. She opened her mouth, but all that came out was a low whine. Then she collapsed onto her face into the mud. 

Burk pulled her ass up into the air, setting her on her knees bent over with her ass up. Her enormous flesh pillows rested on the ground, keeping her face out of the mud. He pulled down his pants and ran his rock hard fifteen inches up and down the crack of her muscular ass.

"W-wait!" Jea gasped. "N-not my ass. Please. I'll... I'll suck your cock. I'll suck it every day! Just please, not my ass. If the seal breaks, she will... she..." she sobbed.

"You should be less worried about some bitch, and more worried about what my cock is about to do to your asshole," Burk replied. He pulled her asscheaks apart and saw a small, blue rune about the pucker of her rosebud. The seal of courage, he presumed. 

"My pussy!" Jea sobbed desperately. "I hate vaginal sex but if you want you can use my pussy. Please, just please spare my asshole!"

"No." 

Burk smashed his hips forward, reaming his cock through Jea's sphincter deep into her ass. She screamed a pathetic, keening wail of defeat as Burk's balls slapped against her twat. As he pulled out her asshole clung to his cock. It almost looked like she was about to be pulled inside out.

As his second thrust bottomed out in the once-mighty bitch's backdoor, Burk mused that her ass wasn't as tight as he had expected. She definitely wasn't an anal virgin, that was for certain. That was probably a good thing, though, since it meant he could fit into her rear without tearing her open. 

On the third gut-pounding thrust, he felt warm liquid bathe his nutsack, sharply contrasting with the cold rain. He leaned over the defeated bitch, pulling her head up by the hair. "You're loving this, aren't you slut?"

"I'm supposed to be the fucker." Jea whimpered. "The fucker. I'm not a rape slut anymore. I'm not!"

"Bitch, you just came from my cock raping your asshole."

Jea began to cry.

Burk sighed. The sight of her was so pathetic that he almost felt sort of bad. But then again, she would have done the same to him. He hardened his heart and settled into a rhythm, pounding her without mercy, making her beg, scream, cry, and cum all over again. 

Finally, the hot tightness of her ass brought him to his peek. He slammed his whole body into her, pounding her down into the mud as his balls boiled. Spunk blasted forth, pouring through his cock deep into her intestines. "Yes!" he crowed. "Take my cum up your gaping asshole, you fucking bitch!" He wasn't sure what felt better, the sex or the victory. 

At last he wrenched his cock free from her utterly ruined ass, leaving her twitching, cum pouring from her over-used hole. His job was done, and he had to piss. He turned to leave, but felt her hand clutching at his ankle.

"Wait," Jea coughed, voice hoarse. "You have to protect me. You raped my ass, so now you have to protect me from her. That's how it works, isn't it?" She looked up at him, pleading.

"Only if you're my bitch," Burk said with a wicked grin.

Jea lowered her face and kissed his foot. "Then I am your bitch, Master. Just, please... don't let her have me. She can do things to me that-"

She cut off as Burk rolled her onto her back with his foot. Then he pissed on her. She closed her eyes, face disgusted but submissive as his piss poured over her face, hair, and tits. The golden shower was quickly washed away by the rain, but the humiliation was not lost on her.

Burk sighed in relief. He had needed to piss for at least half the fight, but when he started to fuck her he completely forgot about it. "Got any complaints, bitch?" he asked the wet, well fucked and pissed-stained Field Marshal.

"No, Master," she replied. 

"Good. Now lets head back to the castle and see how my other bitches are doing with your Strap-On Corps."

Axina

When Axina entered the royal palace she quickly found herself in the throne room. She had expected the royal chamber to be further within, and in truth, it was smaller than she had imagined. 

Anabeth Titania, Queen of All Women, sat upon her throne while viciously thrusting the wrist-thick piece of polished wood known as the Staff of Punishment into the asshole of a Lady of Bosom who was prostrate before her. Judging by her Bosom, the woman was a Duchess, and a not insignificant one. "I'm sorry, my Queen," she cried as the wooden invader stretched her back door. "I'm sorry! I will never call you cruel and arbitrary ever again, I swear! Just please stop!"

"Hmm? Oh, I'm not doing this because you said that I am cruel and arbitrary," the Queen said idly. 

"Then why? Goddess, why?" the duchess moaned in pain.

The Queen smiled wickedly. "Because I am cruel and arbitrary." She looked up.

"Ah! Axina Bethasuse at last." She looked back down at the unnamed duchess. "Looks like I havn't got any more time for you today Endata. You can entertain my royal studs for a few days and then leave when they get bored of you."

She wrenched the Staff of Punishment from Endata's ass and strode toward Axina. Axina curtsied deeply. "Your Bustiness," she intoned. As she came up from her curtsy, she found the Staff of Punishment inches away from her lips. The smell of Endata's ass radiated from the thing. She flinched. 

"Kiss it," the Queen commanded.

"I-" Axina started to protest, but she thought better of it. The Queen was notoriously quick to anger and harsh on any who disobeyed or questioned her orders. She braced herself, then quickly pressed her lips against the tip of the staff, pulling away just as quickly. She hoped that would be enough to satisfy Her Royal Bustiness. 

She did not expect the Queen to break out in a fit of giggles. "I... I can't believe you actually did that." 

Axina felt her face heat in embarrassment and anger. "Why have you summoned me today, Your Bustiness?"

"You have succeeded in putting a male in thrall, and have read your mother's journal?"

"Yes, your Bustiness." 

"Then you know quite a few secrets that aren't known to the public. I will show you a few more secrets, then I will have you perform a task for me. Come."

The Queen led Axina down a number of hallways, then opened a door into another hallway. This one was strange. It was broad and ornately decorated, with vases and goblets and wall hangings. A giant, finely made tapestry along the far wall depicted the Goddess banishing demons with huge exaggerated penises into the abyss. It was so finely made that you could see the pre-cum dripping from the demon cocks. And yet, the whole hallway was covered in dust, as if it hadn't been used in years. 
