 The season changed so suddenly, thought Takahiro, observing the yellowing leaves on the trees. The cold wind swept through the tree gaps littered along their path, cutting at his cheek like a knife while the warm sun cauterized the phantom wounds.

He was riding at the head, along with some of the other soldiers. Okubo was riding further back, at a leisurely trot, talking to the priest and the other generals. Takahiro had left the castle yesterday to bring a priest from the nearest village to bless the wedding, and also to meet up with Okubo and the rest of the guests on the way.

Okubo had already made it known that he wished to give his best and most luxurious castle to Chiyo and Takahiro as a wedding present; but Takahiro himself knew something else was on his mind. Probably, Okubo was growing wary of him, and wanted him to stay put in a place surrounded by his men. Well, that won't be a problem, thought Takahiro, as he recalled his last encounter with Chiyo.  I'm not in the mood to go anywhere soon, anyway... 

Hearing hoovesteps approaching from behind, Takahiro snapped out of his reverie and turned to see one of the guests, General Eizan. He deliberately slowed down so he could catch up to him.

"Forgive me if I'm intruding on your thoughts, Takahiro-san,"said Eizan, smiling. "Your mind must be preoccupied with happier matters."

"It's no matter at all, Eizan-dono. I was just enjoying the sudden change in weather," replied Takahiro.

"Not a bad time to have a wedding, I think. I know Okubo-san wished to hold it this spring, with great festivities and celebration- but we all have to settle for what we can."

"A lavish marriage lasts just as long as a modest one, as long as the bond is made with honor in front of the kami."

"Of course, of course. But a father likes to spoil his children a little... and Okubo knows that it is a bit difficult for you, with your resources-" stopped talking suddenly, as though catching his tongue.

Takahiro laughed, dispelling the tension."My background is much humbler than Okubo-dono's, that I cannot deny. That is why I am even more grateful for his kindness. Kami has blessed me with good luck."

"You are a hardworking man, Takahiro, you deserve all that is coming your way. I have seen you fight, and you're an even better tactician. It's Okubo's good luck that he's gaining such a formidable son-in-law... good allies are hard to find, nowadays."

"I guess so," agreed Takahiro. They rode on, silently for a while. Takahiro felt there was something else Eizan wanted to say.

"Take Genryuusai for example," said Eizan suddenly. Who'd have thought he'd turn on us like that?"

"It's was as though someone addled with his mind, definitely," agreed Takahiro.

"As if he was under a spell. You remember, right? Up to his execution, he kept on saying that we were doing the wrong thing, we didn't know what we were doing... I wondered if he was being blackmailed somehow, but how..."

"I asked Tadaaki if we should take him prisoner, for further questioning. Genryuusai had put up a pathetically weak defense. Most of his men were unwilling to fight us, some actually left him. I feel we executed an ill man."

"Yes," agreed Eizan animatedly, "we caught him by a tip-off from one of his own men, for heaven's sake. But Tadaaki has always been a bit... warlike. I don't know why someone like Okubo follows him silently."

"Our leader respects Tadaaki and Okubo out of all his generals due to their combined prowess and absolute loyalty. Takaaki san is the doer, and Okubo-sama is the thinker. Okubo-sama is also not the type to rock the boat, unless there is an absolute need to," said Takahiro. "Maybe Okubo-sama would have said something if he had someone to back him up. If there was a third person, perhaps, things might have been different."

"If there was... then a lot of things could have been settled without drawing blood," said Eizen. Takahiro looked at the general out of the corner of his eye. The general looked dispirited. 

"Yes," replied Takahiro, and carefully noted the change of the general's emotions at his words.

Eizen sighed, and smiled. "Takahiro-san, you're a very intelligent and understanding young man."

