 [Narrated by Azjeh]

The train bolts through the glass tunnel like a hot load inside a lubed pussy. Our route is passing through the canyon's verdure, but no one's paying attention to the view - there's too much concern on the boiling heat beneath their unbearably taut fabrics. Heavy breaths arouse the compartment's silence. Suppressed yearnings escape as intensifying gasps. Fingers dig deep into trapped flesh, still unsure if they're clinging to restraint or trying to free the fire. Cocks engorge. Pussies moisten. And these passengers are still oblivious to the Magick that has them all spellbound by lust. Poor mortals. If they weren't cuffed we'd probably have an orgy on our hands by now. Instead, all they can do is squirm in their seats, squeezing in all their wanting. It's only pressuring that cum to the very edge, where it barely drips. That's why they won't stop. Even if they manage to burst hands-free, they won't be satisfied until I am. And I won't stop until we're all fucked sore. 

"It's working! But why can't I feel anything?" whispers Captain Neva beside me. Chocolate skin, frizzed hair, plump lips, and a booty always begging to be plundered whether its swaying or not. Oh, Neva, such a gem of the seas. When I finally learn how to grow a dick, I know exactly where I'm going to put it first. 

"Because you're already on my side, treasure. Why waste the power?"

"Oh c'mon! I could really use the extra zeal for when this thing starts!" Trust me, darling. I've seen the stickiest corners of your memories. I'm fully aware of the lengths you've taken with your own 'zeal.' Of course, it's not fun (by any degree), to tell her that. So, I'll simply smile condescendingly. 

"I can't take it anymore!" Shrieks a man before barging his way into lip-locking with the woman next to him. 

There go the weakest links, lapping each other's tongues, slicking their audiences' resistance. The woman slips under her man's arms to get closer, while the others start pairing up too - slurping, moaning, humping, pumping, aching. They need to undress. They need to touch bare. But how can they when the Holy Order's hexes have them fastened?

A soldier storms in. "What the hell is going on?" The commotion finally lured the key-holder. "Stop! Stop what you're doing!" he commands, pointlessly waving his gun from scene to scene. "Stop this... This... Sacrilege! Stop!" Naturally, voraciously, carnally he's ignored. "Fornicators! Wantons! Whore..."

"Yes?" I stand before him.

"Priestess? W-What are you doing here?"

"Fixing a problem, child, as you can plainly see."

"Of course! I-I never knew Black Magick could be so... Volatile!" He really means 'sexy,' he just doesn't know it yet. "Do you need help, my Lady?"

"Yes, but give me this before you hurt yourself."

"But..."

I pull his gun away and toss it to Neva. "Come." I take his hand and walk him further in. "Don't put it anywhere I wouldn't," I wink at Neva as we pass. I bring the naïve soldier to our seats and sit him with a shove. 

"Wait, Priestess..." His words are halted by a firm press to his cock-plate, delivered by my heel. "W-what are you doing?" Shame, he's actually scared. It's even more apparent when I remove his helmet. 

"Like I said, child, I'm fixing a problem." I force my crotch onto his. "All our fun has that dick straining against this cold armour. It must be so cramped in there. We should bring him out before he pops all by his lonesome." 

"I-I don't under..." I hush him with my lush, practised lips, while my hands relieve him of his control panel. This is the first time he's kissed a woman, the first time he's explored the wet depths of feminine ardour. The longer we kiss, the less flesh I give him, inching him forward. His hands grip my waist, trying so hard to keep me close and tongue-tied. I inevitably break away, leaving him breathless. My finger cleans my chin of our mixed spit-strand and puts it at the back of my throat. I suck my finger up and down, side to side, while my other hand kneads my breast, and my body rocks in his lap. He wants me humping faster, pounding that arrested cock harder. But I keep my snaking curves slow and steady, mesmerising all the stares I've beckoned. "Priestess... W-what's going on? Why are we behaving like this?"

I stick my sucked finger in his mouth and bring my lips to his ear. "Because the time has come to break free, sweet boy. The time has come to shatter the Order." I gaze right into his soul. "You want it, don't you?" I phase through his armour and take the throbbing in my grip, forcing all his will to the head he really needs to decide with. 

"I-I want it?" He's so confused. He thinks this might all be imaginary, so I iron him out with some nice smooth strokes. "Ahhhh... I want it."

"And we want you, soldier." I cut off his bliss. "And if you really want us, free us." I dangle the panel in front of him." 

He takes it in his trembling hand, still hesitant in accepting his fate. He looks to me for guidance, so I mouth the words 'do it,' ending with a lip-bite. It's enough to motivate his thumb to the screen. The program scans his print and deactivates the cuffs.

"She did it!" celebrates Neva, and the people respond in gaping surprise. 

The Order's spell is broken. Finally. Chasity and virtue thins and dies, while my Magick thickens the air. A snap of my fingers shreds me and my soldier to our skin. "Gather around my virgins. Welcome to lesson one on the fuck train! Hahahaha!" Glorious, simply glorious! My power's rising already when we've only just begun! "As a Priestess, it's my duty to inform you that you've all been bewitched by a powerful curse called: horniness. Fortunately, I have the sure and only remedy for such an ailment." I position my stud for his draining. "Girls, you see this nice hard penis? This train is filled with them, and they all come with two special friends - these fuzzy balls. See how swollen they are with ache for your bodies, for your bends, for your tightness. See how tense my boy is, how he pulsates so uncontrollably. See how badly I want to relieve him - look at how my vagina glistens my thighs with her excitement. I'm so wet, all I have to do is..." A single sit devours him, and a shot of his pre-cum, whole.

"Aahhhh! Aaahhh!" He shudders under me.

"And now you ride your dick [ah], feeling it thrash inside you [ah], feeling it stretch you out. Oh, fuck, yes! And you don't stop! You go faster! Rougher! Dirtier!" Our tongues flick and knot in the open until he's huffing for air. "Ah! Fuck! Yeah! You just keep going [ah] till... Till those fucking balls empty themselves inside YYOOUU!! Aaahhhh! And make you FUCKING EXPLODE!" 

"AAAHHHH! PRIESTESS!" His spunk unloads inside of me, pooling with my pussy juices. We spasm and moan into repose. Our spectators goggle with thirst.

"That [ah], my children, was an orgasm, the greatest height of pleasure you'll ever know." I get off and sit next to him. "And this is what it looks like on the inside," I spread my lips, "a white sticky mess. Look at how much he gave me - so much it's actually oozing out. And there are so many ways to enjoy this. You, girly, come here. Lick that up for me." She follows the trail straight to my hole. "It tastes good right?" She nods with a blush. "You want more? Slurp the rest from my cunt. Suck me clean. Oh, yes, like that. You, get behind her. Rip her pants open and stick it in there. Don't look so confused, you know what I mean. You, stud, yeah, come here. Unzip your pants and come up here so I can sandwich that prick in my boobs. Yeah, good job, baby. See if you can spray it up, all over my face. Hehehe. Hey, you, don't look so lost, get under me! You heard me. Stick it in my bum! Yeah, strip! Everyone, get naked! Ah! Yeah, you're going to cream that filthy log-cutter, aren't you? Dirty boy! Ooohh, yeah, good girl, see if you can get your tongue in my ass while he's fucking it. Sweetheart, you okay? Yeah, missy, you. You like my toes? You like those pitch painted tips. Ooohhh, baby, you just want my toes in your snatch, don't you? Your pussy just needs a good footjob, huh? Yeah, do it, don't be shy. Mmmm, so horny. Thought I'd start with the big toe but you're wet enough to take the whole foot! The rest of you, I don't want to see anybody standing around. I want to see tits bouncing, fists stroking, feet working, holes getting hammered! I want to hear your smacking skin, your balls spanking flesh with every thrust, your throats choking on virility, your screaming fucking euphoria! Let your animalism hump wild. You're all finally free!" 

My orgy reverberates through the train, spreading waves of corruption to every compartment. The Arch Angels and their Order thought they could snuff out the flames of lust and, in doing so, douse the very source of Black Magick. Imbeciles. You can't suppress a force of nature. Sooner or later the dogma fails. Sooner or later people follow their temptations, one ecstasy at a time. They realise the very thing you were trying to protect them from feels better than anything they could ever imagine. They realise heaven is in the humping of flesh. Peace lies at the summits of orgasm. And love emanates from those sultry afterglows. 

As I stretch my leg over my fontal stud's shoulder, taking cocks in all my holes and both my hands, all I can think about is you, Father. Oh, Father, who art in heaven, watch me soil your children. Hear them say your name in vain when they squirt and spurt for me. Feel me quiver when they make me cum. We're all having so much fun. I am their heaven. I am their hell. My power grows by the day, leading more and more souls into temptation. My kingdom is rising. My subjects fuck to my power and glory. And I'm going to make sure it stays like that forever and ever. Amen! AH-FUCKING-MEN! "Yes! Drench me you horny bastards! Shower me with that hot spunk!"

***

By the time we enter the mountain pass, almost everyone is tuckered out, lying in their sexual expulsions. The power of their lust now courses through me, making it even more difficult to hide these horns. Oh, the things we put this poor train through. It's a good thing there weren't any little ones on-board. 

"Looks like we'll be arriving soon," says Neva, joining me in the driver's compartment. Fractures in the mountain pour natural light into the otherwise dark tunnel. Far up ahead is an expanding shimmer of emerald - our approaching destination. "Ouch, I think I pulled my groin while we were scissoring," she groans.

"We scissored? Hmm, interesting. Here I was thinking we missed each other in all the mind-numbing rapture."

"You don't remember?"

"Well, it's all kinda blurry now, or maybe I still have cum in my eyes."

"Mistress!" The voice stems from an armed group coming up behind. "We want to fight!" asserts their spokesperson. "We want to join the rebels!"

"Good for you, but I think you've made a mistake. I'm not a rebel, I'm a..." My words are cut short by our swift plunge into the city's grandeur. It's a sight that nearly whisks me through the window when I get up to take it in raw, unfiltered by tinted glass. Ah, Eimtol - it's as if they carved you straight from beryl and jade. Not even the blazing fires of revolt can detract from your emerald radiance, though the bullets bombarding the train are quite annoying. "Magnavis!" My spell shields the portholes and quells the fit of panic. Our welcome shots are courtesy of the air fighters. Time for a little test. "Igra!" I launch a fireball at the middle fighter. The ensuing explosion engulfs the entire fleet. So that's what a train-full of stolen virtues can do.  

"Priestess, more incoming!" warns Neva. 

I fire another blast but miss. The fighter returns the gesture with an electric surge that shatters the tracks, derailing a compartment behind us. "Oops." 

Our lost cargo plummets between darting gunfire, completely ignored by the rebels and soldiers - they're all too focused on killing each other. The Order has the higher ground. Plus, they're better plated and better gunned. They shouldn't be having this much difficulty dealing with their opposition, which barely has enough debris for cover. Still, these sex-starved pawns deem it necessary to teleport their mechanical beasts into the battlefield. All this force, just for you, Sabrael. 

Crash. Something lands on us, forcing a screeching break. It whacks the frame from all sides until it punctures a hole with its massive tail. Oooo... Very massive. 

"Everyone, get out of here!" yells Neva as the mech tears in through the roof. "Do you think you can beat that thing?"

"Oh yes. Hard, very hard," I jump through the opening. "Hello, sexy." It's sad that they haven't programmed this hunk of junk to respond to flirts, would've made things even more fun. Neva throws her gun up first, then pulls herself up to me. "I see he's got you curious too."

"Curious? Wait, are you gonna fuck that thing? Does it even have a dick?"

"Not sure, but that tail will do nicely."

"It's huge!"

"Wouldn't be the biggest thing I've taken."

The mech opens its knuckle plates, divulging its electrified saws before taking a swing. I leap back, pulling Neva with me. Our dodge is close but successful. This thing isn't playing around, at least not yet. It must have picked up on all the corruption in the train, which is why it chose to target us.

"Still wanna fuck it?"

"I will! But first, we need to get through its armour." I manifest my sword from its pocket dimension. "Shoot where I cut, treasure."

The battle is on. I strike swift and fast, weakening its armour for Neva's bullets to pierce straight through to its core. Its bulky thwacks can't even touch our nimble bodies, so it starts firing lasers from its tail. Mmmm. Is that really something I want in my vagina? Oh, fuck yes. Our blows finally stagger it. I coat my blade in lust, but it escapes to the nose of the train just before I land our victory. This can't be good. It opens its head plates - revealing a surging cannon. We dive, missing the violent wave. At least now I know where it's most vulnerable. I have to get to it before it charges up again. I don't waste time. I sprint to the nose. It's ready to blow but fails to set it off sooner than my blade pierces its nucleus. The blade injects the spell and triggers a sparking frenzy. 

"Is it actually working?" Neva catches up. 

"Yes. I'm fairly certain the spell is rewiring his programming - turning him into a sexbot."

"From here he looks like he's having a seiz..." Boom! The mech explodes from below and the blast sends him overboard. We rush to the edge of the roof. All we can do is watch him fall into the gulf. "Guess even mechs can ejaculate prematurely, huh?"

"That was fucking disappointing! If I knew that was going to happen I would've just electrocuted his arse and short-circuited him from the get-go! Bastard busted up our fucking train too." 

"Hey, wait a sec. Before, you said you weren't with the rebels, but you're not with the Order either. Just what kind of Priestess are you exactly?"

"A letcherous one," I simper and jump for the bridge below the tracks. 

"Hey, wait for me!" 

***

All bridges in Eimtol lead to the city's centre, so all we need to do is keep going straight. We meet a lot of soldiers along the way. I'm so fired up that tempting them would be as easy as pinching my nipples. But I'm really in the mood for metal dick, thanks to that disappointing encounter, so I guess it's off with these unlucky bastards' heads. It's a lot of fun actually. Spraying blood everywhere. Zigzagging through the rubble. Avoiding the blast radius of the occasional crashing ship. Looting the corpses. Well, I think that last part is more for Neva. 

"Oooo, what's this thing." Neva's discovered a swirling blue rift.

"That's one of the Order's portals, treasure. Unfortunately, it's only one way, otherwise, we could shove our naked arses in there."

"Your horniness literally has no chill."

"Shh, come here." We scurry behind some rubble. "Look what I spy." I point to two prowlers.

"Robot dogs?"

"Give me your gun, quick!" I enchant the barrel with a lust spell and return her weapon. "Aim for their butts. We don't wanna hurt these helpless puppies."

"Helpless? I think that one's chewing on a face!" She's actually right, now that I notice. "And what did you do to my gun, turn it into a Viagra catapult? Your 'power' didn't work with that war-mech, so why are we even bothering?"

"Because these ones have dicks."

"What?" She takes another peak. "Hey, you're right - they're even knotted. The engineer definitely has some explaining to do. Okay, let's see how this ends." Bang. Bang. Her expert shot follows my instructions. The spell affects them immediately, pinking their auras, stiffening their tools, impelling them to pace and pine in need. "Now what?"

"Did you forget your lessons from the fuck train already?" Snap-snap and we're as fresh as a birthday. 

"Hey, I don't want part of this! I'm still sore from the train. Put my clothes back on!"

A while later...

"Yeah! Fill up my hole, you stupid mutt! Make me your bitch," screams Neva. "Ah! Ah! Ah!" 

We're both on all fours, taking our puppies' raucous heat deep and feral. 

"Oh, puppy, you're driving such a filthy cock into me." Whatever his body's producing to grease his member is making my pussy quiver with tingles. "Come here." I bring his maws to my lips. His tongue instinctively shoots to the back of my throat, filling it with metal-tinged slobber and fever. I accidentally gag him out. His steamy pants don't help the dizziness. 

"Woof!" It seems he's not happy about my lack of fervour all of a sudden. His paws dig into my back as he shoves me lower and roughens his mating. 

"Woof!" His friend likes what he sees, asserting the same dominance on Neva. 

"Oh, fuck, boy - you're doing your bitch so hard. Yeah, give me a fucking litter!" I'm pretty sure these things don't have working sperm-cells, but it was still hot to say.

"Shit, Priestess, I'm so wet." I can believe her from all the sloppy banging. "I'll never [ah] doubt you again! Oh, God, I'm cumming!" She squirts his cock straight out. His hot jets paint her arse. Neva's toy collapses with exhaustion, to her dismay. "Wait, I still got [ah] a little more [ah]..." She rubs her cunt with her cheek still flat on the ground. I'm not even sure she knows he's passed out. 

"Treasure. Come here." She crawls to me. "Well, don't just sit there, get in here!"

"How? Oh, I have an idea." She slips under me, bringing her soiled pussy to my lips. That clit is begging for my slurping, so I don't deny either one of us. "Oh, yeah! Flick me there!" 

I feel her tongue tracing our sex. "Ah! Enjoying the view, treasure?" 

"Ah, yeah, even though his balls keep [ah] hitting my face. You know [ah], every time he goes inside [ah], he pushes out some cum." 

"And you eat it all up," I giggle.

"It tastes amazing!"

"Ah, such enthusiasm deserves a reward!" Right on time too, seems someone's all stiff again after his nap.

"Woof!" 

Neva takes my place. Her pussy gulps his knot on the first thrust. Just as I suspected - she's not as tight as me. I escort her former lover to her gasping mouth. He shuts up his cheating bitch with a vicious shove right down her throat. Seeing them breed her from both ends is enough to make my toes curl. I plant my ass and enjoy the show, rubbing, slapping, fapping my soggy pum-pum. "Don't get greedy, slut. Ah! As soon as I squirt it's my turn, got that?" She replies with a thumbs up. Oh, fuck, just listen to them squelch. Fuck this, I need to get in there somehow. I circle around them. Aww, look how his arse winks with every hump. Yeah, I know what I want now. I stick my wet tongue in his pinching bum hole. It's actually quite sweet and aromatic - like burning tobacco. Fuck yes! Suckling his arse is even better than pulling a lavish fag. Every lap and breath fills my head with plumes of bacchanalia. Bless this mortal shell of mine!
