 This Story is a trial run for some ideas I'm planning for Enterprise. If this is popular, I might continue it. This story is a combination of Voyager and Futanari, if this doesn't interest you, please don't read. All Characters are 18+ or over. If you enjoy this, please rate this, thanks.

*****

Lt. B'elanna Torres and Seven of Nine (Formerly Seven of Nine Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One) were coming back to Voyager from an eight day interplanetary survey, there was just the two of them alone in the Delta Flyer.

"Right well I'm off to bed, call me if you need anything." said B'elanna.

Seven turned and replied "Very well, good night."

Seven took up position at the helm while B'elanna went to bed to get some rest. A minute or two after B'elanna had gone to bed, Seven said "Computer, activate automatic helm control."

The computer responded in a female like voice "Automatic helm control activated."

Seven then went to the replicator to get a drink when all of a sudden she heard moaning and muffled shouts in what appeared to be Klingonese. Seven put down her drink next to the helm, grabbed a phaser from a nearby compartment and very quietly went into the corridor that led to aft bedroom where B'elanna was suppose to be resting and now came those muffled Klingon shouts. Then all of a sudden the shouts stopped. Seven also stopped moving towards B'elanna's bedroom door, then all of sudden the shouts in Klingon began again and Seven resumed approaching B'elanna's bedroom.

Seven stopped outside the door and put the phaser on a stun setting. Then she burst in to the sleeping area to see B'elanna lying on the bed, naked, with her left hand massaging her tits and her right hand going up and down. Seven cleared her throat and B'elanna looked at the door where Seven was standing with arm outstretched, and still holding the hand phaser. B'elanna stood up to reveal that she was in fact a hermaphrodite 

"How long have you...?" Seven asked.

"Been a hermaphrodite?" B'elanna finished, Seven nodded and holstered her phaser.

"I've been one all my life, I was born one." B'elanna added. "But lately I haven't been sexually satisfied and NO Tom doesn't know." B'elanna continued.

"Would you object if I helped to satisfy you?" asked Seven.

"No, of course not." said B'elanna.

Seven looked at B'elanna for another minute and then proceeded to remove her skin tight costume, as Seven removed her purple skin tight outfit as she began to stare at B'elanna's body, taking in the muscular tones of her body not to mention the incredible six-pack on her abs.

Seven had finally undressed and it was B'elanna's turn to stare at Seven in the nude. B'elanna started to take in Seven's toned body, her big tits, slight six pack as well as slight muscular arms and legs. B'elanna was very impressed, obviously the former Borg drone had been working out since she came aboard Voyager, but could Seven satisfy her sexual needs?

By the time Seven had made adjustments to the helm so the shuttle could hide somewhere without being detected, B'elanna was all over Seven and began to practically rape her. B'elanna pinned Seven to the floor inserted her cock into Seven's pussy and raped her so savagely it was as if she was being raped by a monster or a beast and then Seven remembered that Klingon women have very powerful sexual appetites.

On and on B'elanna continued to rape Seven as if her lust was endless, pouring more and more of her load into Seven's pussy. After the sixth time B'elanna had cum she was about to carry on for another round when she looked at Seven and then collapsed on top of her, obviously B'elanna had realised what she had done. B'elanna removed her dick from Seven's violated pussy and a load of cum gushed out. B'elanna just lay there on top of Seven panting for breath and feeling guilty.

"So I take it you're going to report me to the Captain when we get back to Voyager?" asked a guilty B'elanna.

"Actually I quite enjoyed it and I can tell that you are now sexually satisfied." Seven said and then went on to add "So why would I want to tell the Captain?"

B'elanna looked at Seven a little shocked. "You actually enjoyed that?" she asked.

"Yes and it was my first sexual experience." Seven replied.

"Do you want another round?" asked B'elanna and Seven give the look that said ok sure.

Then all of a sudden there was a scream. B'elanna got off Seven and then was a look of horror on B'elanna's face, as a small bulge began to grow on Seven's clit. After five minutes the screaming stopped and B'elanna looked at Seven with absolute ghastly horror on her face.

"What?" asked Seven and then she looked down at her crotch.

There was a penis of the same shape and size of B'elanna's cock. B'elanna crept forward to examine Seven's new cock, and began to jerk it off. When Seven came she didn't scream, but B'elanna made sure that Seven's cum landed on her own body not Seven's body.

"Mmmmm, your cum tastes nice. It's almost like I'm drinking Klingon blood wine." Said B'elanna with a smile on her face.

"Thank you." Replied Seven whose dick had gone a little limp, whereas B'elanna's was still nice and hard.

"You're not quite in the mood yet. But when I get through with you, you'll be one hell of an unstoppable sex machine like me." Said B'elanna with another smile on her face.

"You'll be begging for me to fuck your brains out everyday regardless of how much regeneration you've had and I'll even make you skip your duties for me, you beautiful thing." Finished B'elanna.

"I bet and you'll be able to do all that and more, but I must do my duties otherwise the Captain will think I'm being untrustworthy." Replied Seven simply.

B'elanna thought about this for a minute and it was true. "OK, OK. Let me make this clear for you Seven. When you're not regenerating or not on duty you report to my quarters, even at night and that is an order." ordered B'elanna and trying not to raise her voice.

Seven understood but two things were bothering her, she voiced them and prayed that she wouldn't get shouted at.

"What about Ensign Paris, surely he's going to work it out sooner or later?" asked Seven.

"Not straight away he won't. I'll let you know when the coast is clear." Responded B'elanna. 

"How will you accomplish that?" asked Seven.

"I will send you a message in Klingonese, it'll be at high rate of speed that only a Borg can see it ,but everything will be there. There will be a time, a stardate and a location." Replied B'elanna.

"What about emergencies, like something should appear at the last second that I can't get out of?" asked Seven.

B'elanna thought for a moment. "Contact me on comm frequency epsilon two, I'll isolate it from the rest of the system and put an encryption on it. No doubt when it comes to the Captain's attention, she'll want you to break it." she Said.

Seven nodded her head once to show she understood. "Is you quarters soundproof?" asked Seven.

"All officers' quarters are soundproof, you could have a rock concert and no-one would hear it." Replied B'elanna.

Seven now had her eyes on B'elanna's tits and abs, without noticing it Seven's dick was now hard.

"Looks like you need servicing." Said B'elanna in an amused voice.

B'elanna lined her pussy up with the tip of Seven's newly grown dick and then she lowered herself so that Seven's dick was all the way inside B'elanna. Then all of a sudden B'elanna began to ride Seven and shouting in Klingonese. Seven, whose hands were on B'elanna's waist, moved her left hand onto B'elanna's abs hoping that she wouldn't notice but she did.

"Go ahead Seven. Feel me up after all you're the first woman to do it." Said B'elanna.

Seven carried on feeling B'elanna's abs which were hard, tough and looked beautiful on her. All of sudden Seven felt this surge that she'd never felt before then B'elanna screamed "I'm cumming." then the rest was in Klingonese. 

"Look what you made me do." panted B'elanna.

Seven looked down and could see the last spurt of cum from B'elanna's dick the last drops landed on B'elanna's lower abs.

"You must be good in order to make me cum like that." panted B'elanna who got off Seven's dick and looked at her own pussy.

"Look how much cum you've pumped into me." panted B'elanna with a smile.

Seven dipped her index finger into the cum that was on B'elanna's abs and tasted it.

"You taste... yummy." said Seven and then the smile on B'elanna's face broadened.

Then Seven did something she'd never done before, she took B'elanna's head by the chin in her own Borg hands and brought her face closer to B'elanna's face. Closer and closer B'elanna's face came towards Seven so close that she could see the Klingon head ridges coming towards her, and then it happened they kissed in a very passionate way.

From the moment Seven's and B'elanna's lips touched their dicks became hard. They broke apart after a few seconds with B'elanna smiling and saying 

"Whenever I kissed Tom this never happens, you must be a good slut in order to get this type of response."

Seven did know how to respond to this so she kept quiet, but B'elanna's fascination with the former Borg drone just increased.

"We've got twelve hours before we dock with Voyager, do you want to do it again?" asked B'elanna.

"Sure, I'm interested to see what other things my dick can do." Replied Seven and B'elanna smiled. 

B'elanna lined her pussy up with tip of Seven's dick and lowered herself onto the dick. Seven kissed B'elanna again, as they kissed Seven began pounding her dick over and over again into B'elanna's insides.

Seven got herself into a sitting position while B'elanna continued to ride Seven, once Seven was in the new position she was able to kiss her new partner in a very passionate way. B'elanna wrapped her muscular arms around Seven's torso and hugged her so tight, that Seven's huge tits became sandwiched between their bodies. 

Seven broke the passionate kiss to shout "I'm cumming." then B'elanna shouted the same thing. Seven came hard pumping her hot, creamy cum deep inside the Klingon's beautiful muscular body. At the same time B'elanna pumped her load over their lower abs.

"You must be very good in order to make me cum like this." said B'elanna with a smile. 

"We better shower and get some sleep, we've got to meet with Voyager in ten hours and the Captain will want to debrief us when we return." said Seven. 

"Ok." Replied B'elanna.

The new found lovers disengaged from each other and walked into the sonic shower together and cleaned each other up. They took the sheets off the bed and put them in the replicator, then they order new sheets and made the bed again. B'elanna got into bed and noticed something.

"Leaving already, Seven?" asked B'elanna.

Seven was almost at the door with her clothes in her arms when B'elanna said this.

"Why don't you sleep with me?" she asked.

Seven thought about it for a minute and then climbed into bed with her new lover. B'elanna threw the covers over her new lover and then the two women embraced each other for comfort.

"Good Night, Seven." Said B'elanna. 

"Good Night, Lieutenant." Replied Seven.