 I've tried to make this chapter longer than my other works. I also tried to keep it as familiar as I could for the fans. This story has Futanari (Dickgirls) in it.

All characters are over 21 years of age.

*****

A week after their mission was over, some of the crew noticed a change in both Lt B'elanna Torres's and Seven of Nine's behaviour. The difference was in the way the two interacted. Instead of the cold looks and the near shouting matches, the two seemed to be nice and polite to one another. Fortunately, the senior officers hadn't noticed this so called strange behaviour between the Klingon Human hybrid and the former Borg drone.

Ten days after their return B'elanna contacted Seven in their discussed way. Sure enough the message was in Klingonese and so fast that the human eye wouldn't have seen it, but Seven saw it and understood it perfectly.

The instructions told her to report to B'elanna's quarters, tonight as soon as the nightshift begins. Seven tapped her communicator just above her left tit and said 

"Computer frequency epsilon two, Seven to Torres."

B'elanna responded questioningly "Yes?"

Seven said "Green light for later."

"Understood, Torres out." Replied B'elanna.

An hour later B'elanna was in the mess hall reading an engineering report when Seven entered and ordered a drink. B'elanna walked up to her secret lover and whispered

"We've got a problem. The crew are suspicious"

"I know." Replied Seven in the same tone of voice.

Neelix asked "Anything I can get you, ladies?" 

"No, thank you" replied both women and they left the mess hall via separate doors.

As soon as the nightshift started Seven was standing outside her secret lover's quarters. Seven pushed the buzzer next to the door of B'elanna's quarters, all the while her heart was hammering.

"Who is it?" asked B'elanna's voice.

"Seven" said Seven.

"Enter" replied B'elanna.

The doors opened, Seven walked in and then the doors closed behind her. After she stepped in Seven heard a mechanical sound from the doors, then a voice said

"I've locked them, we don't want to be disturbed."

"What's your location?" asked Seven

"In the bathroom."

Seven walked to the bathroom taking in the atmosphere around her and also noticing the comfy king size bed as she passed to get to the bathroom. As soon as Seven entered the bathroom she stopped walking. The sight that met her eyes made her heart pound even more and now her own dick began to get hard. B'elanna was sat on the toilet, completely naked, with her legs spread wide open and her dick was completely hard. B'elanna had that look in her eyes, it was the same look that she had back in the shuttle. It was that hungry, predatory look which said one thing and only one thing.

"You've been like this all day?" asked Seven.

B'elanna nodded. Seven undressed, as the skin tight suit came down her dick sprang free. Standing before B'elanna was a beautiful, well toned blonde with huge tits and a big dick in between her legs. The blonde removed her hairclip from her hair and it fall in sheets down to the middle of her back. Seven walked forward and took her secret lover by the hand to the bed.

"Do it, rape me like you did the last time." Said Seven.

That was all B'elanna needed, she pinned her lover to the bed and pushed her cock in with so much force that Seven screamed out and then looked shocked as if she'd woken someone up.

"Don't worry, I told you that all of the officers quarters are soundproof, so scream and moan as much as you like." Said a pleased B'elanna and then she continued fucking her new secret lover.

Two hours later B'elanna and Seven were having a rest just before Seven was to have her turn, then all of a sudden a beeping sound followed by

"All senior officers report to the conference room." by Captain Janeway

"Just when I was about to have my turn." said Seven.

Both women showered and dressed themselves and got to the turbo lift. While in the turbo lift the two women talked.

"How would you like access to my quarters

whenever you want or when you're not regenerating?" asked B'elanna

"I'd like that a lot. You had better work out a way so that no-one else knows on the computer." Replied Seven.

"Leave it to me, I'll handle it." a smiling B'elanna said.

Both women reported to the conference room, so that Lt Commander Tuvok could give the briefing, the first officer was still in sickbay. It was a standard interplanetary survey and also to look for signs of life on what appeared to be an abandoned space station that was in orbit of one of the planets.

"Where is this space station?" asked B'elanna. 

"Five light years from our present location" replied Tuvok

"Why is it abandoned?" asked Tom Paris

"Unknown." replied Tuvok

"I recommend that the doctor goes with two crew members and take some environmental suits." Suggested Seven

"Good idea" said a pleased Captain Janeway.

"Can you go B'elanna?" asked the Captain

"Sorry, Captain, I can't. Plasma manifold maintenance, it's overdue." She replied.

"How long?" asked Janeway

"A week, minimum." replied Torres

"Seven?" asked Janeway

"I can't either, Captain. Astrometric sensor

maintenance which is long overdue. Ten days until completion."

Janeway thought for a moment and said

"Fair enough. Tom and Harry it falls to you, Take Ensign Wildman with you."

"But..." Started Tom.

Tuvok interrupted with "The Doctor needs to stay in sickbay as the mobile emitter is damaged and Chakotay is still ill."

"Yes, it is on the list for repairing" added B'elanna.

"Very well, Dismissed." said Janeway.

B'elanna and Seven went on the turbolift together 

"Do you want to get that door sensor done first or do your duties?" asked B'elanna

"Today's duties first and then do the sensor tonight when the officers are asleep." Replied Seven.

"May I install a portable regeneration unit in your quarters?" asked Seven.

"Of course, my lover." Replied B'elanna with a smile.

Seven and B'elanna went back to their posts to get their maintenance done, but they both find it incredibly difficult, as one kept thinking of the other. B'elanna kept fantasizing of all the things she wanted to do to her new secret lover. 

She was in the Jefferies tube checking out some of the gel packs when she put her right hand on her crotch and sat down with her head tilted back thinking "Not now". B'elanna was so turned on she could only think of one thing and one thing only, she tapped her communicator and said

"Computer, frequency epsilon two, Torres to Seven of Nine." 

She waited with frustration mounting before a voice said in a covert tone.

"Seven of Nine here, I've got a 216." Seven managed to say.

"Seven meet up with when you're done got a problem and I need your Borg expertise, Torres out."

A 216 meant that senior officers were in the room and they couldn't talk. It was a code used by the Borg but was changed by B'elanna and Seven for their situations.

The reason Seven couldn't get away was because a briefing was taking place in Astrometerics for the Away team. After the briefing was over Seven thought she'd better see what her lover wanted, she touched her communicator and said 

"Computer, frequency epsilon two, Seven to Torres." 

There was a few seconds delay before B'elanna answered

"Get to deck nine, starboard Jefferies tube, hurry."

Seven walked as calmly as she could to the port Jefferies tube to throw off anyone who could be following her, and then she made her way to B'elanna's location. While she was awaiting the arrival of her lover, B'elanna had shredded her uniform and was nude. One hand massaging her breasts the other slowly rubbing her dick. Seven eventually arrived, she took one look at her lover and shredded her own uniform. The former Borg drone took the Klingon-Human hybrid in her hands and kissed her passionately.

"I love you, B'elanna Torres." said Seven

"I love you too, Seven Of Nine." Replied B'elanna then in a voice with fire in it

"Now ride my big dick and that's an order."

Seven lowered her pussy until it touched the tip of B'elanna's dick

"Do it." Said B'elanna trying not to shout.

Seven lowered herself and her pussy opened for her lover's dick, she took B'elanna's entire dick inside her. Seven began to ride the huge cock and then noticed her secret lover staring at her tits. 

"Do you like them?" asked Seven

"I love them." said B'elanna who immediately began to bury her face in Seven's tits.

"Can I come to your quarters tonight, then you cum all over my tits all you want?" asked Seven.

B'elanna smiled and said "Of course you can, anything for my lover."

They continued fucking for additional thirty minutes, Seven could tell that her Klingon lover wanted to cum.

"Do it, lover, cum inside me." Said Seven and that was it.

Seven put her hand over her lover's mouth to stop her from shouting out while her pussy was being filled hot cum. B'elanna smiled. Then they kissed again while embracing each other with Seven's huge tits getting sandwich between their bodies. They broke the kiss and Seven said

"I'm going to get you tonight." Her lover responded 

"I know, just as long as I can cum on those huge jugs of yours." B'elanna replied cheerfully.

They got dressed and hurried back to their posts, trying not to look guilty or pleased with what they had done. 

At the beginning of the night shift Seven showed up at B'elanna's quarters with what looked like a small suitcase, she approached the doors and they opened automatically. Seven entered and put the suitcase down near the bed, B'elanna was in the sonic shower and didn't know that her lover had arrived. Quick as flash, Seven got undressed and let her hair down, she looked into the shower and her lover had her eyes closed and was lost in her own little world. She stepped into the shower and kissed B'elanna passionately who immediately came out of her trance.

"I've done the door sensor for you, it responds to an ID encoded in your nanoprobes." Said B'elanna.

"Impressive, my darling." Replied Seven.

"I'd be happy if you stayed with me while Tom is gone." said B'elanna

"That'll be three weeks and four days before the mission is over." replied Seven.

All B'elanna could do is kiss her lover hard, her arms wrapped around the woman she loved. They got dried and went to the bed when Seven grabbed her lover's arms and pinned her to the bed, B'elanna smiled because she knew what was coming and she really wanted it. Seven turned her over, spread her lover's legs and rammed her cock in her with such force B'elanna screamed out loud.

"Now it's my turn and you're going to get the best fucking of your life." Said Seven who started to fuck her lover.

On and on Seven continued to fuck her lover, to pound her cock deep inside the woman she loved so much, with the same mercy her new partner had shown her back in the Delta Flyer and B'elanna was enjoying every second of it. Seven flood B'elanna's womb with her cum over and over again. Two hours later the two were dried off and on the bed, ready for more.

"You know, we could use the holodeck sometime." Said B'elanna.

Seven didn't know what to say, then B'elanna went on

"For more of our fun." Seven thought for a moment and said

"Sounds like a good idea, after the repairs have been done."

"Fair enough, now my turn" said B'elanna in a horny way.

Seven lined her pussy up with the tip of B'elanna's cock and sank slowly down on it, enjoying the pleasure. B'elanna then sat up and buried her face in to Seven's huge jugs and then she looked up into those Borg eyes and said

"I'm so in love with you, Seven"

Seven disengaged and inserted her lover's dick inside her and fucked her hard, riding her lover's cock was one thing Seven never got tired of. B'elanna was close to cumming Seven could feel it. B'elanna shouted

"I'm gonna cum"

Seven got off and kneeled in front of B'elanna, who was standing up, and was wanking her cock off then it came. The hot, creamy cum from B'elanna's cock all over her lover's jugs. Then there was silence apart from the heart's of the two women beating. Seven began to collect the cum in her fingers and sucking it off them.

"You still taste yummy, darling." said Seven with a smile. B'elanna smiled too.

While taking a rest, with Seven lying on top of B'elanna each with their arms around the other, an idea struck B'elanna.

"I want to reassign you to help with the plasma manifold maintenance, then that way we can be closer together." Said B'elanna.

Seven thought this over for a moment two things were bothering her and B'elanna knew what they were.

"If it's the Captain you're worried about wondering why I've assigned you to help me I can just say "what's more important: Warp drive or Astrometric sensors?" you'll know what she'll say."

"Warp drive." said Seven. B'elanna nodded in an approving way then she went on

"After the plasma manifold maintenance is finished we can tackle the Astrometric sensors together." 

Seven's eyes flashed and B'elanna knew she had gotten the Borg drone to join her.

The next day Captain Janeway called B'elanna to her ready room.

"Why have you reassigned Seven of Nine to help with the Plasma manifold maintenance?" asked Janeway. 

"Well I reasoned what was more important, keeping in mind that standard sensors already work, warp drive or Astrometric sensors?" Replied B'elanna

Janeway thought about this for a moment and knew B'elanna was right

"Alright, but you better send an engineering team to help Seven with the Astrometric sensors afterwards." Said Janeway.

"I'm going to oversee it personally." Said B'elanna, trying to win her captain's confidence. 

"Ok, approved." Said Janeway and B'elanna left the ready room.

B'elanna was on the turbolift and was on her way to engineering when she changed her mind about something.

"Revise destination: Deck 3" said B'elanna.

After getting off at Deck 3 B'elanna walked to her quarters while looking around covertly. As she reached her quarters she began to take the top part of her uniform off leaving a grey tank top on. When she entered her quarters she notice her lover, the former Borg drone, was regenerating. What drove B'elanna crazy was that the blonde haired woman was completely nude and had a raging hard on. B'elanna undressed completely and went over to where Seven was regenerating and put her hand on her lover's hard dick. B'elanna ran her hand over the former drones cock, then up her body to those huge jugs that Seven had, B'elanna looked down at her own tits and wished for a pair of her own.

But that hard-on was singing out to B'elanna in a way that said.

"Use me, use me."

B'elanna always wanted to practice the art of deep throating but Tom's cock was never big enough, she hoped Seven's 12 inch monster would do. She went over to her partner who was still regenerating and put her mouth over the head of the big cock. B'elanna pushed her mouth further down Seven's big dick until her nose touched Seven's recently shaven groin, then B'elanna realised the big cock was down her throat.

She pulled of Seven's cock and realised that she had slobbered all over it, B'elanna then got on top of Seven and sat on Seven's cock so that it went into her ass. The sensation was so quick, sudden and exhilarating that B'elanna gasped out loud, just then a voice said

"Regeneration cycle complete".

Seven stirred, looked up then down and her heart beat loudly.

"Morning" said B'elanna and then went on to say 

"your big cock is ripping my ass up good."

B'elanna rode Seven's cock good, it turns out that deep throating Seven's cock had helped. Then just as the two lovers were going to cum there was a beeping sound and woman's voice said

"Engineering to Lt Torres"

"Torres here" replied B'elanna while looking daggers

"Ma'am you better get down here more gel packs are going down." said the woman

"On my way, Torres out" finished B'elanna looking unhappy.

"Don't worry we can cum later" said Seven, but B'elanna's mood didn't improve.

Seven and B'elanna showed up at Engineering.

"Who was it who asked me to come to engineering?" asked B'elanna.

Crewman Deborah Lang staggered forward and said

"Er I did, ma'am". 

B'elanna looked like she wanted to skin Lang alive, but Seven stepped in.

"Show us the damaged gel pack, Crewmember." said Seven taking the heat off her secret lover.

If Seven could keep her focused on work, it would put off the moment and calm Torres down. They found out that the gel packs were sick and needed to go to sickbay for a medical opinion. So B'elanna went to sickbay leaving Seven in engineering. Crewman Lang went up to Seven and, while they were checking the warp core status, wanted to know what was bugging the Lieutenant.

"Yeah, what's bothering her?" asked Lang.

Seven looked at her, thought for a moment, then said

"You interrupted her in something personal."

"How personal?" retorted Lang

"What does that mean?" asked Seven.

"I've noticed you and the Lt have become real close and been spending a lot of time together." Shouted back Lang.

"That's none of your business!" Shouted Seven

A shouting match started then Seven collapsed on the floor, not by being punched or hit. Seven woke up in sickbay with B'elanna and The Doctor standing over her. She was on a bio bed.

"What happened?" asked Seven.

"You collapsed due to your emotional argument with crewman Lang and your baby." informed The Doctor.

"BABY?" replied a startled Seven.

"Yes and Lieutenant Torres is pregnant too. congratulations." said a pleased Doctor.

"I'm releasing you both back to your quarters. I will try to find out who the father of your babies are. I recommend medium duty for now." said The Doctor.

B'elanna and Seven went back to their quarters. On the way there they both looked shocked and surprised. Inside their quarters they sat down, but after a while B'elanna stood up and started pacing back and forth.

"May I ask you something?" asked Seven.

B'elanna stopped pacing and looked at Seven.

"Of course" replied B'elanna with a weak smile.

"Do you think we may have gotten each other pregnant?" asked Seven.

Belanna was about to answer when she was interrupeted by a voice on the com.

"Doctor to Lt Torres and Seven of Nine. Please report to sickbay."

"Why?" asked B'elanna.

"I know who the father of your babies are." replied The Doctor.