 The car was hot with energetic bodies, the young stud's mouth devouring Miss Crome's ruby red lips. His hands caressed her half dressed body, loose teachers blouse, grey short skirt and high black heels. Her sculpted hair, cut into a 30's bob was as black and shinny as her stilettos. Her sucked in cheek, fashion model face stared lustfully into the jocks excited eyes. His hands stroked her butt then the length of her thigh. Her hand in turn clawed his back under his shirt, the other hand unbuckling his belt.

"Oh god, it's going to happen!" He thought to himself with growing disbelief. 

It had all paid off; his embarrassing flirting, his longing looks, then that stolen peck on the cheek. He'd stuck his neck out, but had come through. Now he was reaping the spoils of the victor. She'd told him not to worry about a thing, just follow her lead. And boy she was really leading.

"Mmmm, uh, yes that's it uuh, lets get those pants off you honey." She cooed.

Miss C flicked his belt buckle loose. A move she'd perfected through many encounters in the back seat of a car. As her hand groped inside his fly tugging his hardening cock out, she gave a practiced yelp of delight guaranteed to send the hormones pulsing in any young man who heard it.

"Oooohhh you are a big boy aren't you." She teased coyly; her dark eyes like oily pools; bottomless devoid of true feeling. Her nails traced up to his cock's tender tip the jock continuing to kiss and slobber over her mouth and neck.

She'd removed her knickers long before getting in the car; another trick learnt from experience. And the boys hand surprisingly felt her bare ass, the grey skirt riding up to show a dark triangle of pussy. 

She pushed him back away from her as she jerked his cock. Admiring his firm length, then his strong physique up to his face, she winked and smiled her brilliant white teeth sparkling in the dark cab. 

Miss Crome was tall and very slim. Too slim for her own liking, she didn't rate her own small breasts and bony butt. However she made fantastic use of her long shapely legs, jet black vamp hair and her mesmerizing mouth and eyes. Her preference for bending over at the waist to pick low objects while pushing her butt out legs straining, was almost legendary at college among male students and teachers alike. So was her dominatrix manner, even the most self assured buck going weak at her critical tone.

She also knew from experience this young man wouldn't be up for much foreplay, his body already easing in between her legs eager to bury himself. 

She slid down the seat, her crotch rising, her hand guiding him.

"Slowly," she coached, her fingers gripping his ass tightly. "That's it slowly uhh, ooh, ahhhhhhhh mmmmnnnnnnn!"

He felt his shaft pushing at her body as she guided. Then out of nowhere the flesh gave way his cock finding a moist hot hole that sucked him inside.

"Urrrrrrrrrr Miss, oohh fuck yeah uuhhhhh!" 

He whimpered as her legs gripped his back, pulling him deeper into her. The young man poked his cock as far as he could go them began to withdraw.

"Uggg, uhh, uh, uh, uh, uuhhhh!" 

He began to pump at the first opportunity, her pelvis rising up with each thrust to meet him, her eyes wide with delight, yet another virgin scalp for her.

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah! That's it honey, that's it, uhh, ahhh!"

The car was rocking, Miss C moaning more for affect than ecstatic delight, encouraging the inexperienced teen mounting her. His was banging with all the energy you would expect of a college kid, more animal frenzy than refined technique. Her heels kicked the windows then the roof as he pounded down into her; and neither heard the latch click or the front passenger door slowly open a few inches at a time.

Back at base camp the Major gave a satisfied grunt. "About time! God dammit!" 

Another convoy of trucks and Humvee's approached him, the troops inside dismounting as orders were barked. The men all in full battle dress and face camouflage unloaded their kit; each one stopping for a moment to glance at the shimmering shield. Then every man doubled his efforts, realizing this late night mission would be no practice drill. The troops from A company site sentry battalion adjusted their night vision mounted M16 weapons; the scopes turning the night green revealing its secrets. 

The Site sentry battalion was tasked with the protection of restricted government buildings and research facilities. Their motto was 'See no evil here no evil.' As much a description of their ignorance of the contents of the top secret sites they guarded as it was of their willingness to use deadly force to stop others seeing inside. Their commanding officer approached to receive his orders. He had been responsible for the security at the Major's Labs and was annoyed that his men had been rallied so late.

"Sir I should have been informed earlier, this situation could compromise the facilities we have just come from." His men were already taking up defensive positions along side the existing squad and the Major didn't respond to his complaint; instead he just took the man's rifle from his hands.

He raised the telescopic sight pointing it into the shield. 

"Hmmm got them." He mumbled, cigar still in his mouth. 

The alien fog had been penetrated and he saw the glow of the warm disc many insect bodies around it, the house cold and black beneath it. Nearing the scene was the unmistakable shape of two human figures their size bulky in heavy protective clothing. It was Capt Fin and her aid. Behind the saucer another dark object appeared to be under construction. Its shape looked to him like a leaning tower slowly tapering to a 3 foot tip. Then it reminded him of something far more in his field. He turned back to the green and black faced painted officer the situation suddenly just getting much more threatening.

"Find me a way in son."

The officer briskly saluted; recon was what his men did best.

It was Miss Crome who felt the cold metal tip first. The jock had her almost flat on her back her knees pressed down on her chest, high heels making a mess off the car ceiling. In this crushed position her vaginal canal was shortened and the lads thrusting cock was nudging angrily against her cervix. Her clit was hardening as she felt his fat waist stretch her thighs painfully wide.

"Oh, oh, ooh yesss ugghh ah, ah, ah, ah." His efforts were having effect. Anymore of this and she'd definitely come.

She gave a yelp her voice hoarse her eyes surprised. Something was pushing into her up turned ass. Had the teen a dildo? If so this was really starting to get interesting. The intruding thing suddenly twisted and she felt her anus busted painfully, her rear shaft filling rapidly. She convulsed in horror. 

The boy gave a triumphant grunt as her hands clawed his shoulders. Her face was contorted a howling groan filling the interior. He gripped her harder as he fucked; he was better at this than he ever imagined!

Then he too gave a shriek as a metal tentacle tip buried 4 inches up his own sweaty rectum; his pinned lovers butt probe already beginning to buzz.

Captain Fin and Jackie felt hot and cramped in their suits, the small window for vision making them feel terribly claustrophobic. Ahead towering above them was the underside of the saucer. They looked for signs of propulsion as they neared, but it was perfectly smooth even the crash didn't seem to have made any scars or pits in its shell.

Jackie fell behind as Fin neared the hatch. Bugs were everywhere though none seemed to notice her as they scurried back and forth. She'd noticed the large tower shape on the other side of the ship standing in the farm yard and she made a decision to quickly have a look. Fin and the other bug didn't see her edge back until in a flash she was out of their sight tracing the edge of the ship with her hand, peering into the courtyard. She clicked her com.

"Captain, keep them busy I've taken a detour!"

Fin spun around then back to look at the leading bug. It hadn't noticed. She gave a quick confirm message back and continued to follow up to the ships entry hatch, hoping the escort wouldn't turn around.

In the courtyard more bugs worked oblivious to the young Jackie near by. The tower was about twenty five feet high. A lattice work of metal, it had a long cylinder raised through the middle. The base had what appeared to be stabilizers the whole erection been some way off vertical, pointing to the sky. Jackie didn't need to have spent a life time in military to realize what this was. It was some kind of huge artillery piece.

What had just been a secret lustful encounter had turned into panic and horror. The jock couldn't pull out of his sexy teacher, the probe already far too deep, threatening to drive into his gut if he pushed back. The tip was vibrating the sensation rattling his pelvic bone his balls juddering like he had electrodes attached to them. Miss C was still clawing hold of him, her face pressed onto his chest as she gripped him tight in terror. Her shitter was full of sickeningly deep vibrating metal tip, her experienced pussy still full of cock.

"Awwwwwww help ooh god what arrrrrrrrrrrr!" She screamed.

The lad was also crying out, his ass burning with the alien phallus. The tip seemed to be searching inside his body to put pressure deep near his cock base.

"Ooohh what uhh argg, argg aeeeeieeeeeeee!!" 

He felt his balls tighten his cock ejaculating into her. Miss C sensed the hot spurts but could only scream as her butt probe began to stab up and down her shaft like she was been fisted by a whole arm.

"Aggg, awwwwwww shit, shit shitttttttttttt! Awwwwwwww Ugh, ugh Uggghhhhh!

She struggled to breath, the young man almost collapsing on her. His eruption almost over he too also screamed, and she realized it was also buggering him hard. The probe was making his emptying cock vibrate against her fleshy walls and Miss C's pussy muscles gripped him tight as she came herself with a deafening primeval scream.

"Ooh aaarrg, argghh. Aeeeeeeeeeeeeiiieeeeeee gghhhhhhhhhh! Ug, ug, uggggg!"

The tentacles now writhed more, lifting him from her soaking twat, the man trying to grip the interior as his face pushed against the roof. The anal intruder was stuck up him pulling him out of the door onto the earth. The sexy teacher, still moaning was also been removed and as if she was some kind of glove puppet on a pole; lifted out into the night air. 

Her face was drawn her eyes rolling and he knew she was mercifully unconscious. He gave a thankful groan as the tentacle removed itself from his burning anus. He only had a second to decide if to make a run for it before a web of hot sticky steel strength thread began to enshroud him and his leggy date.

Fin, once inside the ship felt very alone. The bug didn't seem to care it had lost one of its guests. She also had no way to communicate with it unless it chose to; which it frustratingly didn't appear to want to do. The corridors and the sub structure of the craft didn't appear to be very complex. This thing seemed to be able to contain maybe a hundred bugs but where were the engines, the fuel, and the avionic stored? The craft appeared more of a container than a space ship, and she sensed she was nearing the middle, probably the flight deck.

As she entered the domed room, she gave a nervous gulp. Ahead on what must have been the command chair was a much larger alien. Its segmented body was attached by pipes to consoles, its many tentacles and arms animated like it was performing a dance. Knelt beside it arms behind her back was a beautiful naked woman. Her long blonde hair cascaded over her large tits. Her skin was goose pimpled in the chilled room, her luscious plump butt and hour glass waist making almost a caricature of female loveliness. Sheriff Vale as Fin correctly assumed was breathing heavily, her chest rising and falling as she tried to calm herself. It was also instantly clear that the captive stunner was breathing the atmosphere without any problem. Fin didn't know how or if she should react and was relieved when this apparent queen alien spoke in her head.

"Welcome Captain Finzzz. I'm sure you have many question you would like answeringzzz"

Fins mind was filled to the brim with questions and the queen provided almost instant answers. The psychic link was an overwhelming flood of images and data. It was like trying to drink through a fire hose; too much too quickly. 

The creature in front of her claimed to be their leader, their mother, pilot and queen all in one. They were a nomad race whose crafts, themselves bio metallic creatures, were powered by the bug races considerable mental powers. The ship around them was part of a much bigger living craft still in orbit. Their landing was not how they had anticipated, the mental powers of the queen and her crew almost at exhaustion. 

Fin tried to speak but the bug answered before she could open her mouth.

"Yes is it safe to remove your protective clotheszzz. We have been a vagrant race for countless centuries and therefore take our protectionzzz very seriously. We have learnt to defendzzz and dissuadezzz intrusion more than be confrontational." 

The captain removed her heavy hood her face sweaty, black hair matted to her face.

Sheriff Vale called to Fin, arms still pinned. "Who the fuck are you? And what the hell's going on?"

The creature spoke to both of them.

"We require your assistance for which we will gladly repay with technological informationzzz." 

Fins eyes lit up. This is what she'd worked for all her career a chance to make history. Candy shook her head

"Its bullshit they've done obscene things to a farm hand and God knows what they've doing to poor Daisy Cummings."

The Queen continued. "This womanzzz is only restrained for her own good. Clothes are an irrelevance to us and we did not mean any offence by stripping her. It was necessary for our researchzzz."

Candy shook her head again cussing the huge insectoid. 

"Be quiet!" Fin snapped impatient at the sheriff's lack of vision. "This is now under military jurisdiction. I'm in authority to make negotiations." 

Candy let of a volley of expletives in disgusts. "What the fuck was this woman thinking of?"

The bug finished it request." We believe your racezzz has the mental capacity to recharge our ships batteries. The strength of energy wave you produce when in sexual arousal could be enough to power our machineszzz. Without your help we are marooned here." 

Fin felt the pride rising. This was bigger than some farm teens and hick sheriff. She was making decisions for all of humanity. The sheriff looked with growing dismay at the science officer in front of her. Once again she disagreed; this time with her own menacing hiss.

"No fucking way soldier girl. I'm not getting hot for any fucking alien to plug me into his ship.

Fin was approaching the Queen almost dismissing the woman. "You're a government employee; you'll do what is required by your country." The bug raised itself to its full 12 feet height in delight.

"Excellent, I knew we could come to an agreement. I hope we can use your expertisezzzz."

Fin nodded, "off course I've spent many years of research in to..." The queen stopped her. "No thatzz is not required, it izzzz your expertise at been a woman that interests us."

Outside, a quarter of a mile away six camouflage webbed figures were following the contours of the corn fields. The men, in pairs, were advancing along the rim of the shield stopping then covering the next two as they leapfrogged along the perimeter. They scanned the ground hoping to detect a half covered drain or gulley through which they could enter the shield. 

The sergeant above all was concentrating on well drilled routines. Observe, cover, advance, and observe over and over, on and on. He could see through his night sight the ship and house, and he wondered if the sexy young redhead scientist he had recently started dating was safe or desperately in need of his help.

Jackie felt very exposed standing in the courtyard. "Why would they need some sort of cannon?" 

She repeated the question over and over in her head. Her com line hissed and she realized her link with her captain must have been blocked by the silver craft. She began to turn and move back when she saw the mass of bugs flowing from the ship. Over twenty of them moved inexorably towards her. Their tentacles waved clawed hands raised, teeth chattering menacingly.

"Oh shit!" She squealed as they flooded over her, the tide of shells sweeping her along like a fast flowing river into the large barn that Sheriff Candy had looked in earlier.

Miss Crome was beginning to come around. 

"Had it been a dream?" She thought as she tried to move. 

She saw black, her body rigid. She went to scream realizing her face was covered, but she couldn't open her mouth. She knew she was laid flat traveling at speed, but how and where she didn't know?

The 3 foot wide bug tunnel echoed for miles as a scurrying noise increased ever so slowly like a closing train. The walls were glass smooth and the human cocoons slid easily along, a bug pulling from the front another pushing from the rear. The creatures hadn't had time to widen the route and made a mental note that one way traffic was only possible. All their forces must be at the target before the harvesting could start.

Fin frowned in frustration. "Why was she making it so difficult?" Officer Vale was kicking and shouting her long toned legs slipping on the metal floor. Four bugs were wrestling with her, pinning her onto a metal dentist type chair. The Captain felt uneasy, the queen instantly reassuring her.

"She won't be hurt. Please get her to relaxzzz."

But Fin couldn't. Candy was pushed back onto the reclined seat a metal strap wrapping across her shoulders and neck holding her in place. The bugs spread her legs placing her fine calves in metal clamped stirrups at an exposed, embarrassing 45 degree angle. Fin gulped seeing the woman spread eagle her bare slit visible, flat stomach tensed, huge tits like two cathedral domes pointing skyward. Candy's hands were loose but unable to unfasten the metal strap her nails tapping on the metal frame of the chair.

Below the secured beauty, between her strong thighs was a machine. It was a pyramid of pipes, tubes and canisters. Both Fin and the desperate Candy saw the segmented conical appendage at its tip. Like a cone it was 6 inches wide tapering over its ten inch length to about an inch at its glowing tip. The thing wriggled like a maggot the slimy segmented metal adding to the likeness, the tip humming as it pulsed with blue light.

The Queen impassively scanned the pair. Both women knew what was about to happen. Candy filled with revulsion, terror and a slight sexual perverse horror. Fin worried, but in control, eager for knowledge, putting misgivings to the back of her head. And wait something else; a slowly unearthing delight. Feelings she was trying to subdue as she watched the spread blonde about to be penetrated.

The first house on Love Creek's main street was the Sweetheart's residence. Their two storey wood building was painted red with matching shed and picket fence. The rear garden lawn bubbled for a second the land disappearing down a man wide pit the grass singeing at the rim. Two tentacle visitors snaked up and out towards the wall, one knocking a trash bin, dog barking a few fences down. 

In the hole an antennae searched then paused, the black shell of its owner rising up its four legs pulling it out onto the lawn. The town was blissfully unaware that it's first ever visitor from out of space had arrived.

The sergeant gave a hand signal to freeze. Ahead where the fields changed height there was an old broken wire meshed fence. The post holding it was snapped, but still half vertical the mesh keeping it in place. The alien shield passed straight through at this point and the bent wire glowed and sparked. The recon team edged closer. Private Goater was closest, half lying on his belly he reached out with his gloved hand.
