 I awoke to the sounds of youthful lovemaking. It was another gray morning inherent of the Pacific Northwest and my aching joints reminded me time waits for no one. Easing myself from beneath the down comforter, I grabbed my smokes from the nightstand and staggered gingerly over to the window. The grey dawns light was rich with shadows as I focused on the two lovers rolling passionately atop one another on the dew sprinkled grass of the front lawn of the apartments.

Even from my second story viewpoint it was clear that "Romeo" was quite well endowed and primed with youthful zeal as his hips pumped forcefully into the tiny form beneath him. Her gasps of ecstasy could be heard clearly as her pummeled small tit body was wracked with orgasms. Grabbing my bath robe, I made my way out onto the patio for a better view. It was cold outside, yet manageable as I lit up and let the smoke swirl through my lungs. Leaning over the railing, I saw several other couples scattered amongst the bushes in the distance going at it with passionate abandon as the first drops of rain began to fall.

"I'd give them and eight out of ten," offered my amused neighbor Rose as she watched from the deck of her adjacent apartment. Damn near shit my PJ's. 

"Uh yeah," I mumbled, turning my attention back to the nearest couple who were now quite close to their "grand finale." He had pulled his pants pulled down further and was pumping with almost reckless abandon. His companion was now virtually a lifeless rag doll beneath his onslaught, an occasional shriek confirming life to her otherwise lifeless body. Despite witnessing similar acts recently on numerous occasions, I was still aroused.

"I could go for a refill, Honey." It was Rose with a glazed look in her eyes as they focused on my now tenting robe. Now normally, I don't partake in the "fruit" until I'm showered and shaved yet Rose was warm wet and willing with a live porno right in front of us. That being said; I nodded and motioned her to come on over. With uncanny agility for an overweight senior, she leapt over the thin railing and moved in front of me while pulling down her musky drawers. My PJ's dropped to my ankles and within moments I was probing her moist, velvety depths like a sex starved school boy. Her vaginal muscles were surprisingly well toned for a woman her age. I felt her free hand snake between her legs and massage my two throbbing orbs with the firm gentleness that can only come from experience as moans of passion accompanied every thrust.

Here I was rutting Rose with a similar voracity as the young stud in front of us on the grass. The sounds of bodies slapping together, grateful mutterings of encouragement from our female counterparts, overpowering sex scent and the overwhelming sensations of Rose urgently tugging and messaging my package brought me over the edge far more quickly than I thought possible. He growled, she shrieked, I grunted and Rose gasped as we collectively unloaded our seed into the warm depths. It was a memory to quickly made. As I leaned out of breath against Rose , I watched as the young man rolled off of his satiated counterpart only to be jumped on by another gal who was apparently driving by and witnessed the final stages of his performance. She dove head first onto his deflating member fully clothed, nursing its length into her throat while her cheeks collapsed and expanded with a fervent oral massage. Kind of reminded me of a bull frog.

Rose slowly straightened up; visibly exhausted and trembling with post orgasmic tremors. Slowly her eyes met mine as she whispered "Thanks, I needed that." Although it wasn't our first time, nor most certainly our last; it certainly was one of the best exchanges we'd shared. I smiled and kissed her sweaty forehead, then escorted her back to her apartment gingerly as the sounds of the stud in the grass began working over his newest consort begin to fill the air. He better slow down or he'll likely go blind, or sterile, or grow warts.

As I showered, I heard the newsman reporting on a new law before the Senate barring sex in cars while the engine is on. Too bad there have to be so many laws for common sense! As the hot water restored my vitality, I began to reflect on how it all began in a quiet diner not so long ago. 

It began several months after my beloved wife of forty years succumbed to cancer. She left quickly and gracefully like a sweet summer breeze leaving my two boys and myself alone. The boys left shortly thereafter to find themselves, and I was left with my paltry retirement, mortgage and backpack full of memories. Amidst my loneliness, I turned to my old friend Max who owned a small diner that he'd built from nothing. He was a happy man despite losing his wife in a car accident. I had frequented his cafe for years for conversation and the greasy gut bombs that my wife never allowed me to eat; sneaking them home to devour during football games while she was away. Eventually I sold the house full of memories at a loss, and moved into an apartment in town to await my own demise. 

One particular rainy afternoon when the loneliness was becoming overwhelming, I donned my rain gear and took a stroll over to the café. As always, Max was there with a hot cup of coffee and smile that melted away the grief within moments. 

'What's news Max'" I queried after taking a seat at the otherwise empty counter.

"Some loony goth girl is a might early for Halloween," he gestured over to the corner booth where a slight figure in a hooded shroud sat staring at the TV screen. "She's had six of my burgers and has a wad of bills that would make the IRS have an orgasm! She's just sitting there, staring at the tube and stuffing burgers."

"That ain't right Max – I might understand if she was watching a soap opera but six of your burgers might be something for Ripley's to check out."

"You got a point there. Maybe I better call the boys in the white shirts."

"Standby Max, I'll try to find out what's going on in her tree; but if I give the signal, make the call." I slid off the upholstered stool and collected my thoughts before swaggering over to her. One nice thing about being retired, you can talk to most anyone without them feeling threatened. Most times they don't listen anyway. 

"Mind if I join you," I asked tentatively. A thin pale face turned slowly towards me; her eyes, black as coal as they locked onto mine emotionlessly.

"I'm afraid that is not possible," She murmured. Her features were rather delicate and her voice was as a fine brandy. "You may sit there," she gestured to the bench across the table from where she sat.

"My name is Ray, what's yours?"

She stared at me for a small eternity before responding, "You may call me what you wish - I'm here only to replenish my protein and monitor your species' primal realignment."

"OooooKaayyyy," I signaled to Max. "So, ah, tell me about this, ah, realignment?"

She gazed at me with eyes that burned through the essence of my being and I instantly knew she wasn't a local girl. "In a word you will be restored to the beings you once were by replacing your selfishness with selflessness."

Out of the corner of my eye I caught Max waving at me with the phone receiver in his hand. With three simple gestures I knew the phone didn't work and something was going on outside. Excusing myself quietly, I slipped from the foam bench to stand beside Max who was now staring out the large front window. To our open-mouthed amazement, there was a full scale orgy on the street and the women were the aggressors! I turned to the seat of the hooded visitor and she (or it) was gone – vanished; like a ghost in a cheap poltergeist movie. Sherri, the part time cashier for Max was humping his leg like a bitch dog in heat while Max stared at me helplessly and the TV screen turned to snow.

The front door flew open and a group of teen girls with frenzied eyes that would scare a werewolf burst in. With only Max and myself representing the male species, the inevitable wasn't hard to imagine. In retrospect, we probably could have put up a better fight. Amidst flying fingernails, I was disrobed, eaten, probed, fucked, fucked again, and left for dead. Stunned and sore, Max and I crawled to the small storeroom in back where we spent the next several days with ice packs on our plumbing and band-aids on our egos.

When we finally emerged, the CDC had already isolated some type of airborn hyper-nanobot with inexplicable resiliency and procreativity. Once introduced into the human body, they secreted enzymes that immediately began reproducing exponentially. Within seconds these enzymes invaded the central nervous system, eliminating inhibitions and creating an insatiable desire for semen while dramatically reducing the formation of ova. Male semen, once absorbed into the female body produced addicting sensations of euphoria while neutralizing the inhibitions. In males, the testes went into overdrive quadrupling seminal output while reducing viable sperm output. Essentially these little critters released synthetic aphrodisiacs that stripped away centuries of social conditioning while enhancing the basic needs of reproduction and nurturance. It would take several days for our bodies to adapt but once fully incorporated, the enzymes would ensure the world would never be the same. 

Almost fully restored, I stepped from the shower into my faded blues and my sweatshirt with "Max Café" stenciled on the front and back. Sherri quit several days after she found her boss couldn't possibly fulfill her youthful lust and Max asked me to be his right hand man. Behind the counter with my bottomless cup of coffee, my best friend at the grill and copulating customers in the booths wasn't a bad way to spend the day. Getting to and from work presented a challenge at times and it wasn't uncommon for me to show up late yet satiated. Of course, I was more than happy to cover for Max when he was given an offer he couldn't refuse. Wars had ended, the government was a fraction of its former bureaucracy, and folks were happily going to work. Viagra was obsolete and yes, marriages were still performed (with a few notable modifications to the vows). 

The early morning rain had eased into a fine drizzle as I stepped onto the landing. The sounds of orgasmic ecstasy echoed from all quarters as I slipped my hood over my still damp thinning hair. Walking briskly towards the diner, I scarcely noticed the young woman keeping pace with me until her labored breathing caught my attention and I slowed my pace.

"Do you have a moment," she whispered breathlessly. She had full friendly face with a lovely dark brown complexion. Now normally I wouldn't accept on offer on my way to work but the desperation in her eyes was undeniable. "I only need a drink," she murmured coyly and smiled with perfectly white teeth and rich full lips. Gently taking my arm she guided me under an awning and sank to her knees. The cool air on my gonads in contrast to the heat of her mouth was just too good. As her tongue danced wildly and her mouth drew me completely in, her free hand frigged the dark panty less crease between her legs with wild abandon. She unintentionally bit down and the base of my shaft triggering my release as her orgasm tore through her trembling body. After she completely sucked me dry, she lovingly caressed my deflating package before tucking it away securely. With a bright smile and a quick thanks, she jumped to her feet and disappeared into the damp misty morning. Recovering quickly, I turned back towards the café, reaching it in record time. Max was burning' burgers and singing as an older couple was slowly having it out on the carpet under the TV. 

"Morning Max, how's it hanging," I said announcing my arrival.

He flashed me a smile. "Limp and to the left – and you?"

"Drained and ready for a shot of your world famous coffee!"

"Great – got a call from Sherri this morning. Says she wants to shack up with me."

"What you say, Max." I asked somewhat stunned.

"Told her I'd think about it – what do you think?"

"Ah hell Max, guess she missed you. I don't know quite what to say. . ."

"Better think quick; she's getting cleaned up in the back room."

I turned back to the register laughing only to come face to face with the shrouded figure that started it all. 

"Five special burgers," she (it) murmured as she handed me a thick roll of twenties. Her frail hands trembling as she handed them to me.

"You OK?"

"I need a place to stay." Her gaze slowly dropped to take in my frumpy fame before dropping to the floor.

"Got room in my apartment if that would be OK. . ." I stammered, wondering what I'd just said.

Her eyes met mine and she nodded. Max, who had overheard our conversation offered all the burgers she wanted as he threw five more patties on the grill. His face reflected his astonishment as Sherri wrapped her arms around him, squeezing his package gingerly. 

"Mind giving me a name?" I asked.

"Whatever you wish" she whispered as her shroud slowly slid from her shoulders to reveal the most beautiful creature I'd ever seen. Now normally, I'm not inclined to screw aliens on the job. . .