 Author's Notes:

For my first submission to Literotica, I wanted to do something fun and light-hearted. The first chapter is a little bit talky-talky, but overall I hope the sweet and sticky goodness in the latter three chapters makes the setup worth it. Just a forewarning, there's straight and lesbian action but nothing too off the beatin' path.

This sci-fi story took heavy inspiration from a short but sexy hentai. Kudos to you if you recognize it. I hope my version turns you on as much as the comic version turned on me and the hubby!

TTFN,

kaleidoscope_dreams

* * *

A DAY IN THE LIFE OF SAEVA K.

Chapter 1: Talking Points

[Excerpt from an interview with subject S.K., dated October 22, 2025]

Q: Is there anything you'd like to tell us about yourself before I begin the interview questions?

A: I suppose I can start with the basics. My name is Saeva Kavelievna, but I always tell my students to call me "Miss K". That's better than hearing my name get repeatedly slaughtered over and over. I'm a 28 year-old college professor of xenobiology of all things. Although for me I guess it's technically just biology. Yes. I'm an alien, a Vrokkun, so it's always "xeno-" this and "xeno-" that for stuff that applies to me.

The funny thing is, as far as culture and values go, I'm every bit as human as anyone else you'll meet on the street. I was born here after all. A lot of us were, and we were raised to fit in as much as possible so people wouldn't fear us or hate us. Not that I don't respect my heritage, but for most intents and purposes I like to think of myself as just a regular Earth girl.

Q: Okay, that's an excellent start. I'm not sure why you were so nervous to do this, Saeva. You're doing great.

A: Thank you. Will everything we say be in the article?

Q: Ah, no. I'll do edits later, but it's important you just continue to speak naturally and don't worry about that part of it.

A: Okay. Gotcha.

Q: If there's any humans out there who've never met a Vrokkun, and they read this, then I want their first impression to be what I saw when I first met you -- an incredibly smart and witty person who's successful and respected in her field. Never fear. I'll give things a polish before I publish.

A: I see. Well, you flatterer, on to the questions then.

Q: Yes, of course. Can you tell me why the Vrokkuns came to Earth?

A: It has something to do with my planet dying. My people launched thousands of generational ships toward any star system they thought might harbor a habitable planet. The spaceship my parents were on hit the interstellar jackpot, so to speak, because they arrived here. I mean, you Earthlings are pretty cool, you know? And you live on some pretty sweet real estate. If you want a more detailed answer then read a history book. I'm a professor of xenobiology, not a xeno-historian.

Q: Fair enough. Something's bothering me, though -- I've seen all the sci-fi movies. Why didn't your people die from our Earth diseases when they first got here?

A: In a nutshell, our medical technology was a lot better than Earth's. Twenty-two generations of Vrokkuns lived and died aboard a spaceship. Beyond vessel maintenance, they had little else to do besides studying, training, performing research, and fucking. [places hand over microphone] Wait -- can I say "fucking"? I hope so. Because that's one of my favorite words. [laughter] You're blushing. That's cute. [removes hand from microphone] By the time we got here we had some pretty kick ass doctors, and we weren't shy about sharing what we learned. We're the reason no Terran born after 1995 knows what it's like to have a cold or a flu. You're welcome.

Q: Well, um, thank you. So, how many of you are on Earth right now?

A: I don't know, do I look like the census bureau to you? We started at around 50,000 when we landed, so if I had to guess... I wanna say a couple million maybe? We've been here for thirty years, and I remember reading once that the adult Vrokkuns who landed on Earth averaged something like 8 children per couple in the first decade. That's some pretty constant reproduction. I mean, we were fucking for survival, after all.

Q: Do you have a significant other?

A: It was the mention of sex, wasn't it? [laughter] No, I'm currently unattached. I don't think my people are in any danger of dying out now, so I'll leave the having kids stuff to other Vrokkuns. I'm sort of an odd duck among my people that way. A lot of my Vrokkun friends from high school, the ones I keep in touch with, are on kid number six or seven already. Yikes!

I'd rather focus on my career at this point in my life. I'm still pretty young, so I've got time. Plus, I kind of need to sort out some, uh, private issues before I could ever get real with anyone, you know what I mean?

Q: Yes, I think I understand. Are there any other alien races out there in the great beyond of outer space?

A: The hell if I know. My people never encountered any before they left their home world, and we have no way of contacting the other spaceships that were sent out. Those ancient travelers all went their separate ways, and it would take hundreds and hundreds of years to shoot messages back and forth. If we even set things up so we could. Which we didn't. It would've been a waste of valuable space to install anything bigger than short range transmitters, and those generational ships were all about efficiency.

Q: Seeing as how none of you would know the fate of the others, why did they split your people up like that?

A: The plan was to not put all of our eggs in one basket, to borrow a Terran saying. We spread our people among the stars in the hopes at least one of our ships would make it to a safe harbor. You know, so our kind wouldn't vanish forever. I sometimes wonder about that. I wonder if any Vrokkuns made it to other worlds. Are they living happily with another alien species like we are? I also wonder how many didn't make it and died out there in the cold, uncaring vacuum of outer space. So many of my people may have had their candles snuffed out not knowing that some of us actually made it. That thought always makes me a little sad, like why do I deserve to be the lucky one, so... um... I try not to [sniffles] think about it too much.

Q: Do you need a tissue?

A: No, no... that's just an eyelash in my eye. [clears throat] [sniffles] Moving on...

Q: Our scientists thought aliens would be, well, more alien-looking. Why are Vrokkuns so physically similar to humans?

A: Okay, this one I know a little more about. It's what I teach, after all. The short answer? Because the universe said so.

Q: That doesn't tell me much. What exactly does that mean?

A: You want a more detailed explanation? Maybe you should enroll in college and sign up for my class. I actually get paid to talk about this stuff, you know.

Q: [laughter] You drive a hard bargain. Okay, so maybe we can skip the really technical stuff, and you can give me the layman's explanation?

A: You know, if you weren't so cute... like right now with that blushing again. [laughter] Okay, fine. but keep in mind I already gave you the layman's explanation. This is more along the lines of the enthusiastic hobbyist's explanation.

Given a similar range of conditions in any particular pair of environments, the same evolutionary forces will come into play in both to provide similar results. These factors will work the same and have similar effects because regardless of where these systems lie, the physical laws will perform exactly the same.

To wit, matter in a relatively enclosed system will naturally form structures prone to dissipating energy when an energetic force is applied to said system. Eventually, the forces at play cause these structures to develop the capability to detect other structures around them and react proactively to their environment in furtherance of their own existence and propagation. This is the basis of what we call evolution, which is a process that works even on inorganic materials, not just living beings.

In addition, if you throw a rising intelligence into the mix, within a monophyletic group, specific and well-defined traits will be selected over others for continued survival. Vrokkuns developed on an Earth-like planet with conditions that were very similar to Earth's, so it shouldn't come as a surprise that our evolutionary path to becoming the supreme intellect on our world followed virtually the same route as yours. Just to name a few traits our two species share in common: the possession of a neocortex, hair, three middle ear bones, and mammary glands. Those are some of the most important and defining features of mammals, after all.

Q: Having three middle ear bones is important? Ah, you know what -- never mind. It's obvious you know your stuff, and just as obvious it's way over my head.

A: [laughter] Well, I did say I get paid for this kind of thing.

Q: So, anyway, that was the hobbyist's version? Maybe I should sign up for your class after all.

A: Well, if you decide you want to come, I'm pretty sure I can fit you in.

Q: [clears throat] So, um, okay. Let's pretend I'm not nearly as well-versed as you. Can you break down your explanation a little more?

A: Look, all of what I explained is why we Vrokkuns have two arms, two legs, opposable thumbs, walk upright, et cetera. It's because for organisms with apex intelligence such an arrangement just works from an evolutionary standpoint. Now, granted we only have three fingers instead of four like Terrans, so there are minor variations, but small differences like those don't affect the overall functionality of our bodies on a larger scale. Stuff that doesn't work falls by the wayside pretty quickly. There's a reason we don't have eyes in our tits and arms coming out of our assholes.

Q: [laughter]... [more laughter]... Sorry, I'm trying to get over that image.

A: Yeah, my students usually laugh pretty hard at that one too.

Q: Alright. Let's get back on track. Talk a bit more about the similarities between Vrokkun and human biology, if you would please.

A: Hmm, let's see... We're warm-blooded mammals, just like you humans. On the whole, our bodies are structured in a strikingly similar manner, and we have virtually identical nutritional and environmental requirements. I mean, in that regard we really got lucky finding Earth.

Q: Any other major similarities?

A: Sure, there's tons. We have a male and female gender, we mate in similar fashion and give live birth and nurse our young, not that Terrans and Vrokkuns can make babies together or anything. Even though our cells also have 23 pairs of chromosomes like humans, our genetic code is different enough that we're not compatible.

Q: How different?

A: Just to give basic numbers for comparison: all humans on Earth, regardless of race or gender, share 99.9% of the same genetic makeup. In contrast, chimpanzees share about 98% with humans, and they're your closest relatives from the animal kingdom. Vrokkuns? And this is the number that blew our minds when we first discovered it... 99.3%.

Q: Wow.

A: Yeah, I know. Wild, huh? We're actually closer to you genetically than creatures your people evolved alongside. The theory is that developing higher intellect will drive gene mutations down a more and more narrow "funnel", if you will, that encourages the gene structures that're preferable for higher intelligence to be retained over others. There's only a little wiggle room at the end of this hypothetical funnel where all the smarts are, but tons of space for genes to play out at the top where everything is still dumb as a rock. Granted there's a lot we're still trying to figure out regarding why we're so genetically close, but the fact remains we are.

The really fun aspect of this, though? Our parts are similar enough that our two species can, well, you know... [laughter] Our two species can fuck each other and not feel weird about it later. Pretty cool, huh?

Q: [coughs] [clears throat] I, um, I see. So tell my readers: what are the cosmetic differences between our species, physically speaking?

A: The most noticeable differences are in our facial structure and skin pigmentation. I've actually met people who thought Vrokkuns all painted their skin, but no -- this is natural. Our main skin color can range from a bright orange that verges on florescent to a dusky reddish hue. Me, I'm more on the dusky red end of the spectrum. Each Vrokkun also has a secondary and uniformly black pigmentation that develops in patterns unique to each individual, kind of like fingerprints are with humans. No two of my peoples' patterns will ever look the same.

We also have hair on our heads in a wider range of colors than humans. [leans into microphone] Just so your readers know, mine is a fabulous sandy blond by the way. [leans back] It's not unusual to see a Vrokkun with natural titanium, gold, or even violet colored hair. Um, let's see, we have a stubby little tails that average five to six inches. The tails have fur on them, and a thin trail of fur runs up our spines and necks to join the hair on our heads. Kind of an evolutionary left-over you humans didn't get.

There's also vestigial horns that sprout from high up on our foreheads. They're reminiscent of the horns you see on a cape buffalo, though ours aren't nearly as large and are much flatter against our heads. Ours curve back along our skull and toward our temples, ending there. They're a remnant of our evolution from a breed of omnivorous socialized herd animal. Those horns are similar enough that "buffalo" quickly became a racial slur for my people after we arrived.

And to clarify, because this is super important -- or maybe I'm just vain -- our horns are not ugly like their horns. I mean, seriously. Those cape buffalo horns are gnarly. And ugly. Did I mention they're ugly? Bleh. Our horns are smooth and pretty. I only mention that particular animal because their horns are probably the closest thing you'll see on Earth animals to our horns. But just to be perfectly clear: cape buffalo horns are big and ugly, Vrokkun horns are petite and sexy.

I apologize if this offends any cape buffalo who might be reading this.

Q: [laughter]

A: Also for the record, our faces do not resemble a buffalo's. Our mouth, lips, eyes, and noses are all shaped and spaced out about the same as a human's, though our eyes are a touch larger in diameter and our pupils have a dual-oval shape. Our ears, on the other hand, are more like a giraffe's, with long pinnae that can move independently of each other, and they often display how we're feeling. Those of us born here easily adapted to the facial expressions and social cues of Terrans since we grew up surrounded by them, but our ears will still give away our emotional state whether we want them to or not. It's sort of a built-in instinct with us.

That's one way, beyond our age, to tell the difference between those who were adults when our ship arrived and the rest of us who were very young at the time or born after the landing. "Shippies", as they're called, won't usually smile or laugh or frown, almost all of their social cues played out through their ear movements. For them, showing teeth is a sign of aggression. They do understand human smiles mean friendliness, happiness, or amusement though.

Also, and this one is funny, if you waggle your eyebrows at a shippie you're telling them that you need to take a shit. Yeah, those were some interesting first interactions between our peoples' before we began to understand each others' languages. [mild coughing]

Q: Do you need a drink of water?

A: Naw, I'm good. Oh boy, I got a little long-winded there, didn't I? That's probably because I know what one of the next questions is going to be, and I wanted to put it off for as long as possible. [heavy sigh] It always seems to work it's way into the conversation, but it can be a source of distress for my people, more so for some than others.

Okay. I'm ready. Go ahead and ask the BIG question. I know you want to.

Q: Alright. Don't take this the wrong way, but is it true what they say about Vrokkuns?

A: What, that we're a very kind, intelligent, and easy-going people? Yes, yes that's very true. But that's not what you meant, is it?

Look, I can't complain. Earth is a very nice place to live, and for the most part we've been welcomed with open arms, which is good because we can't exactly go back to where we came from. There's only one real problem with us living on Earth. There's a peculiar quirk to Vrokkun biology. It affects some of us harder than others, but something about the chemistry of the human body can drive us crazy.

[leans closer to interviewer] [runs finger along his forearm]

The way you feel, the way you taste... even just your smell...

[sniffs the air]

You humans make some of us extremely horny.

Q: So, um, I think we're about due for a short break. Uh, Saeva? I wanted to ask what you're doing later tonight. If you don't have any plans would you like to-

A: Why wait until tonight? How the fuck do you turn this thing off... [click]

[End excerpt]

Chapter 2: Morning Ride

My Friday starts about the same as any other workday. I roll out of bed, shower, get dressed in a black skirt and white blouse, eat breakfast, say goodbye to my roommate, then leave the apartment to head to the university where I work. Even simply strutting down the sidewalk I start to feel that familiar background hum of sexual energy build in my head, fed to me by all the human pedestrians I'm weaving through.

It's not too bad, and nothing I haven't learned to more or less handle over the years. That noise usually stays at a low rumble, kind of like road construction going on outside your office window. You know it's there, but you learn to ignore it. I'd like to think on most days I do okay, but that would be plain old delusional of me considering how it spikes sometimes.

Like many in the big city I don't own a car, so I hop on the subway. It's a little overcrowded this morning, and I end up caught between a cute girl with a punk rock hairdo and a tall, dark, and handsome guy who's listening to an iPod with earbuds in. He's got his eyes closed. I'm not sure if he's really into his music, or if that's his way of telling everyone around him to fuck off and leave him alone. His head bobs in time with his tunes in a way I find almost mesmerizing. And the smell wafting off of him is-

Don't get excited, don't get excited, I tell myself.

I try not to breathe in too deep, for obvious reasons, and clutch the straps of my purse to keep my hands from wandering. More people pile into the subway car, forcing the girl behind me to scoot back. Suddenly her butt is mashed up against my own. My ears spring straight up in surprise, then flutter a bit in acceptance of the situation, and finally begin to droop low at the sensual touch, even if it isn't intentional on her part.

"Sorry," she apologizes over her shoulder.

She doesn't move away since there's no room to do so, at least not without squishing her front side into that roly-poly guy in the business suit. I'll take it as a compliment that she'd rather be touching me than the pudgy, middle-aged guy.
