 "Threos, Look out!" Anabelle said, alarmed. She reached her arms out as though to catch the satyr that was stumbling across the floor, having tripped on one of Amara's many toys strewn across the floor. He did, however; manage to steady himself instead of falling over, causing Anabelle to sigh in relief. "That's what you get for reading while you walk," she told him off.

"Y-yeah, my bad!" Threos laughed, regaining his balance and picking up the book he'd dropped. "I was just really engrossed in this book."

"Is it really that interesting?" Anabelle asked, "What book are you reading?"

A smirk crossed his features, and he closed the book momentarily. "You really want to know?" he asked, before continuing with his explanation. "It's a really interesting book I picked up in the market today. It's full of all sorts of great things."

"Oh yeah?" she raised an eyebrow questioningly.

"Oh yeah," he responded, grinning. "It's a book about spells involved in making the 'intimate experience' more exciting."

"The 'intimate experience', huh?" she chuckled. "So you bought a book about sex spells?"

He thought for a moment, before nodding. "Yeah, pretty much." he moved over to the couch, and waited for her to scoot aside before sitting next to her, opening the book again. "I was pretty excited to learn something useful, but the spells in here are all pretty high-level. I don't think I'd be able to cast them." his voice was laced with a hint of disappointment.

"Really?" Anabelle leaned over to have a look herself, cuddling up closer to him in the process. "Like what?"

"All kinds of things," he smiled, leaning the book to one side so that she could see better. "Like this one spell that heightens the sensations you feel- or this one that lets you feel the other's touch, even from a great distance!" he was clearly more than a little excited by the idea. "There are so many great applications for so many spells."

"What's got you so caught up on the idea?" she asked, looking up at him from her new spot on his shoulder.

"Well," he said, thinking. "It's important to spice up your love life every once in awhile," he explained. "I wouldn't want you getting bored of me, after all."

Anabelle almost scoffed at this. "Me? Get bored of you?" she asked it like a rhetorical question. "Every time we make love you bring something new to the table. I don't think it's a matter of me getting tired of the same old- it's more a worry about me keeping up with you!"

"Well, you don't dislike it, do you?" he asked with a creased brow.

"No, not at all. Sometimes I just..." she trailed off, not really sure she'd meant to start that last comment out loud.

"Belle?" Threos called her name, a little concerned.

"Oh, it's nothing," she shook her head, looking right ahead at the book lolling lazily in his hands.

Threos pulled her a little closer to him, putting the book down beside them and wrapping both of his arms around her. "You know you can tell me, right?" he tried to reassure her.

"Yeah, you're right..." Anabelle sighed, giving in to a slight smile. "Sometimes I worry that I'm not really good enough for you physically," she admitted. "I know you're not really proud of your past but it's true that you have more experience than me. A lot more experience," they didn't usually discuss the intricates, but Threos was still very open about his vicarious past growing up in the forest, where an overly-active libido and sexuality in general had been highly celebrated and even encouraged. He wanted to be sure Anabelle didn't feel like he was hiding anything from her. "And honestly," she continued her little confession in a quiet voice. "It shows. You're really good at what you do. And I really appreciate that... but I still worry, you know? I don't want to be a disappointment..."

Threos didn't make a sound the whole time she'd been explaining herself. At first he wasn't really sure exactly what he was supposed to say. When she finished, he smiled and readjusted himself on the couch so he was able to bring her closer to him, her head now leaning back on his chest. "You don't have a thing to worry about," he tilted his head down so he could see her better. "In all my years, even the more questionable ones; I've never met a woman as beautiful and desirable as you, and I've encountered all sorts- even dryads!" he smirked down at her as she craned her neck to look back up at him. "But nobody is able to do to me what you do."

Anabelle looked aside, blushing at his comments. They could be open with each other sexually, but it was stuff like this that made her face grow hot with embarrassment. Whenever he complimented her or simply told her she was beautiful she could barely stand it. That wasn't to say, of course; that she didn't like it.

Seeing her reaction to his words, Threos stifled a chuckle. "And you're so cute and innocent!" he added; a grin plastered across his face.

"I am not!" she protested, looking up at him indignantly; but still with a deep red across her cheeks. "If I was innocent before, I'm sure not now."

"What? You're saying I'm a bad example on you?" Threos asked, feigning offence.

She chucked. "Maybe not a bad example, but you're certainly something. You've talked me into doing all sorts of things I never thought I would in my wildest dreams... or fantasies, for that matter," she added at the end, thinking.

"I still say you're pretty innocent," he said smugly, and as if to prove his point he leant down and whispered something in her ear. Something that made her face light up even more than it already had.

"You want me to do w-what?" She asked in absolute shock.

Threos simply laughed at her reaction. "See?" he said. "Innocent."

Anabelle wasn't sure she appreciated his teasing very much. He would often joke to her about her lack of knowledge in such fields, telling her not to worry; and to leave it all to him. She didn't know if it was a complex he had or something of the sort, but she knew that occasionally he'd do it too much and it would begin to get on her nerves. It wasn't that she would get mad at him for it; but for the most part she knew he was right. Once; just once, she wanted to be the one to have the upper hand on him. To know something he didn't. To genuinely surprise him. She had no idea what it was she was supposed to do to achieve that, though. When every day she felt like she was learning new things from him. At this point she wasn't convinced there was a technique he didn't know or hadn't tried. He really did live up to the name of all the satyrs that were written about in those erotic romance novels. The only major difference being that he cared more about her well being, and would never do anything that he thought she'd be uncomfortable with. At first it had almost been a little overbearing, and she wished he'd stop asking if she was okay every five minutes; but now that they'd been together for longer and they'd gotten to know each other physically, it was less of an issue.

Their moment of peace and relaxation on the couch was interrupted suddenly, when they heard a bump from upstairs, followed by a few sobs that clearly preceded a greater oncoming wave of tears. "Uh oh," Anabelle said with a concerned look on her face. "Sounds like Amara was trying to climb out of her cot again."

"You stay here," Threos directed, stopping her before she got up. "I'll go and handle it, okay?" he smiled, placing a kiss on her forehead before leaving the couch and heading upstairs.

Anabelle smiled watching after him. She truly did feel blessed to have such a man in her life, even if she felt like he poked fun at her a little too often for her so-called 'innocence'. She listened carefully to the sounds of Threos walking along the floor upstairs and gently comforting Amara, their daughter's wails quieting down before too long. Anabelle thought about her whole predicament, and how she was ever going to be able to get him back for all the times he got the jump on her.

She shifted on the couch, changing her position. Her hip bumped the book that he'd rested on the edge of the cushion and she picked it up, opening it curiously. She was a much more proficient divine caster than Threos was, after all. Maybe there was something in here that she could use against him as a surprise... or revenge.

Threos knocked on the door, looking side to side uneasily to check if someone was watching. "Barrich, are you in there?"

"Threos? That you?" a small voice called from the other side of the door. "Yeah, come on in."

Threos turned the handle and pushed open the door, checking one last time to see if anyone else was watching him go in. he stepped into the room and closed the door behind him. "Barrich," he addressed the halfling who was sitting at the desk on the other side of the room. "I need your advice," Threos looked clearly distressed, as though something was bothering him quite a lot.

Barrich almost scoffed at him. "Y' need my help with something?" he asked incredulously. "Well then," he turned around on his chair, adjusting the collar of his shirt to look more professional. "What can I help you with?" He asked, putting on a proper voice.

Threos gave him a stern look, worry still evident in his eyes. "This is serious Barrich, I think I might have done something to upset Anabelle."

"Oh?" Barrich raised an eyebrow. "And what gives you that idea?" he asked.

Threos shifted a little uncomfortably. "Well, I don't know for sure, really.... but she said something to me this morning that I don't understand, and I thought maybe you'd know what she meant." he looked directly back at the little halfling who was scratching his chin in thought. "Like, maybe it was a culture difference or... something."

"Well?" Barrich asked, egging him on. "What'd she say?"

"She said..." Threos stopped, clearly trying to recall what it was exactly. "...that she was going to get me all 'hot and bothered', and 'hard,' and that she couldn't wait to do all sorts of things to me."

If Barrich had been drinking something at that moment; it surely would have been all over the floor by now, and possibly on Threos himself. Barrich could barely imagine sweet and caring Anabelle saying things like that... and the thought was almost enough to make him redder than a tomato from Frampt's garden. That wasn't the most shocking thing from this whole situation, though. The most shocking thing was that Threos was sitting here across from him, and seemed genuinely confused by said statements. That was odd. In the time Barrich had gotten to know him, and become more comfortable with the satyr; he'd been constantly tormented by Threos' jests and innuendos on the subject. Especially after he and Vaalyn finally got together properly.

He never seemed to see the harm in it, and he never meant it to be mean; it was just that Threos was a lot more comfortable with the subject than Barrich was. Threos saw it as a beautiful, natural thing that should be celebrated and shared with others, whereas Barrich wanted it to happen behind closed doors and stay there. He couldn't be too mad at the satyr though, since he'd single-handedly taught Barrich all of the things that he'd missed out on growing up; and probably saved him from a number of extremely awkward attempts. Without Threos he'd have been lost, and for that he was grateful; however Barrich was less appreciative of the satyr's amusement at his expense when it came to such matters. Honestly, Barrich thought; this was probably just that. Threos making fun of him again. There's no way that Threos was actually dense enough not to pick up on Anabelle's meaning. In fact, if anything, Threos was probably the one who'd inspired her to talk in such a manner.

"Oh, ha ha," Barrich laughed in a mocking voice, not falling for the satyr's tricks. "I may not be the most observant guy around; but even I know when someone's pullin' my leg, T," he said as he leant forward. "Ya don't think I'd seriously buy it? Especially after all this time," he narrowed his eyes.

Threos had a distressed look plastered all over his face. He looked genuinely upset, if not a little hurt. "I thought you'd be able to help me..." he said a little sadly. "I'm really confused," he said, his voice thick with concern. "And I don't know what to do." Slightly taken aback by the satyr's strangely honest response, Barrich sat up straight; a confused look crossing his own face. "Uh... wait... so you really don't know? You're not just tryin' to poke fun?" he said suspiciously. "For real?"

Threos shook his head. "No way," he said. "I swear I'm not joking. You know I'd never lie, right?" he looked at the halfling with wide eyes. He was right, Threos never had been good with lies. His teasing was always as blunt as a sledgehammer; that was why it always got to him so much. Barrich slowly glanced around the room before leaning closer. "She's talkin' about... it," he paused to let it sink in. "You know... the uh... together thing that people do... alone... together..." he slowly quietened, pleading with his eyes that Threos would understand. After a moment of silence Threos' disposition hadn't changed at all. Barrich sighed as he wiped his hand down over his face; attempting to hide the redness that was forming. "...Sex; T... she's talkin' about sex!" he whispered hastily, face still covered.

Threos stared back at the distraught halfling for a moment, a blank expression on his face. "...sex?" he echoed, wide eyed. "...what's that?" "Wha... a... bu..." Barrich stuttered. Threos didn't know what... no... surely not? The two sat in silence for a moment. The halfling had been left speechless by his friend's response. How? What could have possibly happened...? "T... s-sex... it's that thing... that you do with someone you love... Yondalla help me... it's how you make kids, T!" he almost yelled, catching himself afterwards.

Threos tilted his head innocently, his ears flopping to the side in the process. "You do it with someone you love?" he asked, "So like... I'd do it with Anabelle?" he was looking up, clearly trying to picture such a thing, but still being unsure about the specifics. "Well yeah... you have... I mean, that's how Ama was born... Surely you haven't forgotten that..." Barrich said quietly. Clearly something had happened, something big. He may have to get some help, because he didn't know how to handle this.

"Oh!" Threos smiled, finally thinking he understood something. "So sex is like when Amara was born! Of course I remember that," he nodded, before turning back to Barrich wide eyed. "You don't think that's what Anabelle wants, do you?!"

"Uh, what? Another kid? Honestly T, I dunno what she wants exactly... I'm no mind reader... but I know one thing. Something's wrong if you can't remember this stuff. What happened this morning?" he quizzed the satyr. "You know, before you came here."

"Nothing out of the ordinary," Threos scratched his head, deep in thought; trying to recall the morning's events. "I remember Ane was reading a book, then I got up and made breakfast, We listened to Amara telling us how excited she was to visit you and Vaalyn in the evening, and then just before I left Anabelle took me aside and said all those things to me." he shook his head again. "And I spent the whole walk here trying to figure out what the heck she was on about." "Strange... look, I'll have a chat to Val; we'll look into what's goin' on. I wouldn't worry too much... I doubt Ane'd do anything to hurt you, and if she was mad, she'd tell you," the halfling spoke as though he knew from experience. "I'm gonna go get Val, she'll have a better idea. She always does," he chuckled as he jumped down from his chair. "Back in a minute." Barrich slowly walked over towards the door to the hallway before opening it and walking through.

Threos could hear him calling out to Val as he closed the door behind him. The satyr sat there patiently waiting for the halfling to return. The main reason he hadn't gone to Val in the first place was because he thought maybe it was a girl thing, and he wanted to know if Barrich had any idea first; but if he thought it was a good idea to consult her, then he was fine with it. Barrich had seemed rather flustered about the whole thing, although Threos still wasn't really sure why. He didn't understand any of it; which was the problem, of course. Some of the things Anabelle had said were a little disconcerting though; and he really wished that he knew what she meant.

A moment later the door opened as Barrich and Vaalyn walked in. "Hey Threos, uh, Barrich told me you've been... having some memory troubles?" she spoke unsurely before look back at Barrich, who nodded. "Can you uh, tell me any small details of things that may have happened on the way here? Bumping into anyone in the streets, having someone say something strange to you. Really just anything." Val said, trying to sound as calm as possible. if she remained calm then maybe she'd be able to keep him from panicking.

Threos shook his head. "I don't recall anything out of the ordinary," he sighed, not really convinced that was the answer. "I mean, someone might have said something; I was kind of lost in thought at the time, and I wasn't really paying much attention to anyone else around me."

Vaalyn nodded slowly in acknowledgment. "Right... so from what I've heard you can't remember anything about..." She began to blush slightly as she spoke before averting her gaze. "S-sex... i-is that right?"

"Yeah, I guess so," Threos said with a tinge of frustration. "I mean, I don't know what it is or why you guys seem so scared to talk about it," he kept going, his worried look returning. "Is it... is it really that bad?"

She couldn't help but smile at that remark. "N-no, it isn't bad at all... it's just a very... intimate thing... usually between two people I guess," She slowly looked back at Barrich. "It can be nice," She spoke as she faced the distraught satyr again. "But it's also something that should be kept private... at least I think so. You're usually... very open with the subject, however." "Yeah, it's why I thought you were jokin' when you first said it," Barrich cut in. "You talk about it way too openly. Usually I think it's just to poke fun at us," he laughed. "It usually works, too. I mean, just look at 'er," he said as he motioned at Vaalyn, who promptly put her hands over her face. "T-that's not the issue here Barrich!" she stuttered over his laughter.

"Oh gosh," Threos looked shocked and flustered, his own cheeks tinted with a dark colour. "I do that?!" he felt ashamed, even though he didn't remember what it was he was apologizing for. "I'm so sorry!" Barrich waved it aside. "Nah, s'all in good fun. We get back in our own way from time to time," the halfling insisted. "Point is, you bein' worried about... that... well, it ain't normal." "Exactly." Vaalyn said after she'd collected herself. "And I can use a few spells to try and see if it's some sort of magical influence and if it is; remove it," She spoke as she stepped towards Threos with a hand raised.

Threos watched her a little uneasily. It wasn't that he didn't trust her, he just felt really confused about this whole thing. It wasn't like he remembered anyone casting a spell on him, or even falling down and bumping his head- but at the same time he supposed it would probably make more sense if he didn't.

Slowly she began to speak strange phrases and her eyes appeared slightly brighter for a brief moment. She seemed in deep thought before suddenly her eyes widened. "Threos, are you sure no one said anything strange, or touched you this morning? no one at all?" she asked as the edge of her mouth slightly twisted into a grin.
