 She must be so sick of that damned tube.

So sick.

The problem is, she's here pretty much permanently... 

Her belly is huge now, so is her butt. She pretty much always having something forced down her throat, so i guess its the cost of doing business. I just wish she'd been smart enough to negotiate a different deal.

It's my fault really. I forced her into a contract with a fairly shady company. Great pay, permanent accommodation, little to no risk of job loss. She snapped it up as soon as it was offered and flew overseas to a new life. Only, when we got here...

So here was the deal. I got a full visa and all expenses paid. This company wanted to test a new hormone and my friend here was to be a test subject. It was supposed to have a few side effects, bloating, lactation and the like, but was also meant to cure hunger. Well, I thought world hunger, and i THOUGHT they were the side effects, anyway. Really, they were the targeted results...

The only thing I remember about the process was the sheer volume of pills she had to take. Hundreds a day. I helped her keep them in order of course and eventually she started to miss usual meals. But the deal was simple - she lived on these pills until the test period was up. She didn't show any signs of change at first, but I did notice she seemed much less energised. kind of lethargic. I put it down to the fact she only ate these weird pills but there was something more concerning me. I couldn't place my finger on what.

Roughly a month went by. My friend - Lynn - had stuck to the program and was apparently making progress. The only difference I could see was that she'd masturbate more frequently, she even came on to me a few times. I spurred her advances but it was tough to see her succumbing to the med's like this. Non the less, stage two started. Injections. She used to hate needles but when it came time for her first shot she grabbed the opportunity to leave the accommodation. She dressed sluttier than she used to find appropriate but i put it down to being cooped up so long. When we got to the office she sat down and I could see an obvious wet patch around her crotch. I told the 'doctor', who claimed it was fine and sent us home. To me it seemed off.

Again, the next month passed. I noted her behaviour devolving further. Some days she'd grab my tits and act really aggressive when I tried to push her away. I ended up calling security one night when she forcibly pulled down my pants and began trying to finger me. That's when things changed and Lynn was taken to a 'secure facility'. They'd employed me as her carer so I was told I'd have new duties there.

It transpired that the 'best' cause of action was to keep Lynn in a cell. She was forced to wear a belt that kept her hands strapped by her waist due to the fact that her... For lack of a better word, hornyness, was beginning to take over her mind. She'd assaulted several of the staff there, male and female alike, and tried to perform sex acts on them. I was sure they'd deem the experiment a failure and try to reverse the effects but alas, they just continued. They kept me working as her pill counter. I was practically forced to keep drugging my friend, they wouldn't let me out of the contract.

They are a scary organisation. I did begin to resent them but if I openly tried to leave I feared for my safety. Instead, I carried on my job and tried to plan an escape for myself and Lynn. I hated seeing her constantly crying, not out of pain but sexual frustration. Her hair was a mess and if she had makeup on that day mascara would run all down her pretty face. But it got worse. Eventually I started to notice wet spots like before, not only on her trousers but soaking through her shirt too. She was starting to lactate extremely heavily. 

She begged to be fucked every time I visited now. As far as I know she never was by any of the staff but I did wonder if she ever had sex. She would have done it with anybody at this point and surely weak willed staff members would love an easy lay. I requested her room to be recorded, just in case and the company obliged right away.

I never caught people having sex with Lynn but I did see how she behaved alone. She'd do anything to try and cum, strange things, like spitting on herself and grinding against the doors and walls. Her hands where in a position that she couldn't use and she was dressed every morning so she had no access to her pussy but she tried so hard anyway. I watched her, my friend and an ex-dignified woman wet herself frequently just so that she'd have a sensation down there. Eventually it became hard to tell when it was urine and when it was cum.

This is when I began to hatch a plan. I started to harbour footage of Lynn's bizarre changes and stockpile it. The media would love this and I might have been able to blackmail the company to start working on a cure. Unfortunately, symptoms where getting worse and more extreme. The lactation issue seemed to be filling up Lynns breasts at a gargantuan rate and I could have sworn on some days her cup size increased by at least two. Eventually they got so big that the clothes they gave her began to rip.

We ended up covering her with blankets. I did it to reserve some sense of dignity but she hated the whole thing. She ended up trying to bite people who came too close so she was gagged to prevent the risk. I really wept for her.

It was at this point that the company started asking me to sponge bath Lynn. I did, of course, but I couldn't help but feel it was inappropriate to make me do it. Lynn would use it as an excuse to try and cum, constantly pushing her hips into the sponge. I knew she was gone as a rational person from this point onward, she was just a horny animal. It didn't last much longer until 'Phase two' began.

It was a Saturday evening when I got the call to come to Lynns room. There was a small crowd and some burly gentlemen, looking as if they where readying themselves for a fight. Lynn, noticing the crowd, was already at the window obscenely presenting herself. I sighed. There was a frame in the hallway that looked like it was meant to hold a person in place - at the time I was sure it was just to ensure her safety during transport.

I sat down and watched as my former friend was dragged from her cell screaming and forcibly strapped in to the strange frame. She was in a crawling position except her hands were extended behind her back. Her large breasts hung below her looking extremely heavy and occasionally a drip would fall to the floor. She was calming down until someone covered her backside with a towel and she realised she was still not going to get fucked, so she started again, struggling in her bonds and shouting foul things at the guards. Occasionally she'd turn to me, pleading with her eyes and trying to understand what was going on. I'm ashamed to say I just went along with what was happening and followed the frame as it was wheeled through the facility. 

Lynn was taken to a lab outside the companies main building. It was an extremely secure placement and building but had a rustic vibe to it, kind of like a large shed. Lynn didn't stop whining until another strange device was pulled in to view - it looked like a milking machine. Several workers surrounded her and began to apply different devices to Lynn, mostly electrodes and monitors before a husky woman entered the room. 

She looked like the boss. She gave everyone in the room a sharp look before indicating to the women to proceed. I was forced to sit down with her and discuss Lynns 'progress' so far in detail. From the constant arousal to the embarrassing sexual displays, she wanted to know all of it. During this 'chat', Lynn was crying out obscene quotes and desperately trying to goad people in to fucking her. 

Eventually I heard a sharp yelp and turned around in shock. To my absolute horror I watched as my friend had a tube forced down her throat and secured as she seemingly struggled to resist. I stood up, knocking my chair back and tried to run up to her, to pull the tube out. I was furious! But all that I managed to do was swear at the men doing it before being forcibly sat back down. It was down right humiliating, but I was forced to carry on my interview, even when she was hooked up to a feeder.

I was practically forced to watch a white substance slide down the tube and funnel down her throat. She gagged and tried to splutter, but within a few moments she seemed to get the hang of swallowing the creamy looking liquid. She was much quieter and her eyes glazed over, as two more foul looking machines where dragged over.

The first was attached to her anus. Several long pipes protruded from the large butt plug like inserted section of the device. One tube flowed into a tank on the floor that was obviously there to collect her waste. A second pipe lead to a huge hanging sack on the roof and looked like it was used to administer enemas.

The next one was strangely more sinister. It was a massive prosthetic penis, obviously designed to fuck Lynn. But there was several tubes attached - one labelled lubricant and one labelled.. 'insemination product..?'

I was in shock at this development. They where looking to impregnate Lynn! Slowly I realised they where preparing her body for this over the last few months. It wasn't a side effect, her behaviour, its what they wanted!

The relief in Lynn's face when the awful object was pushed in to her vagina was like looking at a dog being fed. Pure want. Her eyes lulled and her body drooped in her bondage, all resistance gone. She was finally getting filled. I saw her grinding on the prosthetic, unable to get too much motion due to the frame but still sloppily going for it. It seemed to pleasure her even more when the anal pipe was added. A permanent toilet, designed to allow her to stay in place for as long as necessary. From now on, Lynn was part of the machine. 

Everything was bolted in place, and Lynn was rolled out in to the yard. Onlookers either gawped or ignored her completely - it seemed there was a mix of surprised citizens and bored workers in the facility. I got the impression some had seen this all before. There was absolutely no heed for Lynn, as a rational person and her concept of embarrassment. I was shocked and humiliated for her, hiding my face from the crowd as we walked to her new home, a small building near the main gate. It had a single door leading on to a ramp that descended downward in to a slightly dank, featureless room. Her oral tube was attached to a filter system on the ceiling, as well as the tubes coming from her milking device while the anal tube was fixed to a vat on the floor. I was suspicious that they might be connected somehow as one of the employees spoke of 'recycling', but could see no evidence of it.

The only light source was a single bulb, hung directly above Lynn's contraption. It filled the room with a unpleasant light, creating long shadows. Lynn still didn't seem aware of her surroundings, in fact during her entire stroll she merely attempted to fuck herself on her new insertions. Luckily for her, it seemed, they where mechanical in nature and were finally turned on, slowly penetrating her further and retracting, causing a long ooh-ing sound. It was pathetic. Shocking. And unknown to my employers, recorded. I had a small camera pinned on my uniform, given to me by the investigator on my case. This company was going to pay for all of this. 

I didn't see Lynn again for several days, being told she needed time to adapt to her surroundings. I kept an eye on her glorified shed and noted nobody entering or leaving at any of the times I was watching. I concluded she was left alone in her state, an automated machine, wallowing in her new life. 

Deciding I needed to get more evidence, I slowly crept toward the building, making sure nobody saw me enter. It was easy - no alarm, no lock. Just a glorified shed, as I previously assumed. Awful, the dankness was impossibly apparent. I felt my heart slip when I finally saw Lynn again. 

She was far fatter than before. Her body was now grotesque, a large flabby frame with a huge belly streching down to the floor. Her tits, still hooked up to the milker, sagged down and where no longer a beautiful shapely bosom. They where teats, plain as day. Large, shapeless thighs held up still by the frame housed her now puffy, sopping wet vagina. But the horror of her beautiful friends body wasn't entirely the worst thing, nor was the mindless, lusty gaze. It was the floor beneath her that made me wretch. 

On a large pad lay several smooth, white, pint glass sized objects. They shined, no doubt covered in Lynn's disgusting juices. But they heavily resembled a common household object. I watched, horrified, as another slipped out of Lynns bloated snatch. I couldn't believe it, she was laying eggs! The camera shook in my hand as I came closer, almost overwhelmed by the slight of my factory farmed friend. She barely even looked at me. Strangely, she looked like she was cumming from the sensation of her, by my count, 19th egg. The clutch piled on top of each other, my estimation may have even been lower than the actual count.

Steadily, I focused the camera on her back end. Her anus was still plugged with the hose like aparattus, along with her feeding tube in to her mouth. What looked like a large bucket slowly slid a liquid concoction down the pipe, surely accounting for her gargantuan growth. Only 2 minutes went by before the next egg forced its way out of my friend and clattered in to the pile. My mind raced. I knew I had to get her out of this strange fate. 

Knowing nobody had visited in days, I decided I'd come back at night and try to disconnect her from the devices. I'd let the investigator know the plan of course and make sure they knew where I was. I had to be smart, for both of our sake. I knew this, yet a familiar bond to my friend lead me to make a huge mistake. I wanted to hear her voice, to explain what was going on. To confirm she was okay. So I decided to take the tube out of her mouth. 

Instantly, I regretted it. She let out an orgasmic scream almost straight away, shocking me enough to make me take a few steps back. She followed it up by moaning like a whore in heat, not even saying a word to me. I foolishly tried to shush her, but to no avail - she was a brainless cumming machine now. And unfortunately, she'd woke up whoever was supposed to be guarding her. 

Several people stormed in to the building and two large males grabbed my arms. I was hoisted up and pinned back against the wall, as another plugged Lynn's face back up. They looked back at me, cold expressions of their faces as they dragged me in to a make shift on site prison. I was beside myself, pleading from my life as they phoned their masters. "We have a situation here."

It took only a few hours. A pair of suits arrived, two women with stern faces. They immediately took my camera and reviewed my footage. I was in deep, I knew what I had and how it would look. I'd checked the entire facility for an escape, but was completely stuck, waiting to receive my fate. It ran through my head that they might give me a similar treatment to Lynn, make me a egg laying human cow. Perhaps worse. I couldn't bear the idea of being transformed so, losing my mind in such a way. Every time someone passed my cell, I pleaded for release, but to no avail. They were either loyal to the company or not foolish enough to fight them. By the time I was summoned, I was a nervous wreck.

I was cuffed and placed in leg shackles so that I could only take small steps. a large fellow pushed me down to a round office room, where the two stone faced women sat at a desk. Several photos from my recordings where showing on a large screen behind them, proving my 'guilt'. They did not look impressed. 

I cant remember my exact words, but I worked hard to excuse my actions. I ended up telling them everything, save for the involvement of the private investigator. I was collecting data to blackmail them, I said. I didn't like what they'd done to my friend. The where surprisingly quiet, letting me talk. I still remember their expressions of contempt as I finally stopped trying to justify myself and began to accept I was in no place to bargain. They had me.

That's when they revealed their main purpose. A testing lab, running genetic experiments to change the human body. Lynn's new purpose in life was to provide sustenance - her milk went to workers and her eggs where unable to be fertilised, so where used instead as fertiliser to grow crops. I knew why they felt they could explain this to me. They where going to subject me to the same process. I'd be a mindless slave, producing the same as Lynn for their benefit and unable to stop it. I began to beg again, to not meet the same fate. Finally, I got a reaction. A chuckle from one of the women. 

"Oh no. You'll not be used as Lynn. You're a rule breaker. A betrayer. Not a valued commodity as she is. You'll be made an example of. We have a high satisfaction with most of our workers, but I know as well as you do that some, such as yourself, fall through the gaps. Become disgruntled, whatever. We can't have that while we're out of the public eye can we? So we need to make an example of you as we do with other traitors."

I caught my breath. I didn't think of it this way. The company were secretive, immoral, but surprisingly good to their own. I'd seen it first hand, with my pay and living space being so good. Could it be that they controlled us through keeping us happy? Nobody seemed to even question all the things that happened to Lynn save myself, not her initial changes or her eventual form. They where okay with it because they liked the benefits. My mind raced back tot the initial contract. I could remember choice phrases. Nothing was really hidden, just unbelievable at the time. I gave my consent for this to happen and was now, technically, the renegade!

I remember sputtering, trying again to get my point of view across. I didn't realise it would end up like this! I didn't think! They didn't care. Instead, I felt a prick in my backside and the world began to fade. Before I passed out entirely, I heard one of the women taunting me. "You'll pay for trying to expose us. We're going to make an example of you, for all our staff to see. They'll hate you for what you tried to do. You tried to destroy their livelihoods and for that, you're now our property. Say goodbye to your former life, Nicole."