 How in the hell did I end up with a genie? I don't even want one. I didn't even ask for her. One day she was just here, and I can't get rid of her..

It wouldn't have been so bad if she just kept the condo clean, and stuff like that; but no, she was constantly nattering at me about how she needs sex. About how if she doesn't get enough it actually starts to hurt. I swear, her nagging for sex was worse than my wife's. Neither of them seemed to realize that I have an important job that takes all my time.

It was about eleven PM. Saturday night when genie was going on her latest complaint about how I was ignoring her and her needs. I finally had enough, "Listen, you may have a problem, but I don't; not unless you count a nattering genie that won't let me work. If you have a problem, it's your problem, and it's up to" poking her in the chest, "you to fix it. So quit bothering me and go fix you problem. I don't care what you do, but fix it and don't bother talking to me about it again."

"Am I understood?"

She glared at me, "Understood master. I am to fix this problem myself."

With that she flounced out of the room.

I was relieved to see her leave. I had work to do, important work. Finally, around one AM, I called it a night. Setting my alarm to five AM so I could get to the office and get a full day of work done. I swear, everybody else at work is a bunch of slackers with no drive or motivation There's always work, so what's with wanting weekends and vacations.

The next morning when I woke up I realized something was wrong. It was light outside. At five AM it would have still been dark. I must have slept through the alarm, and needed to get moving right now. That was when I realized I was on top of my bed, naked, and tied in a spread eagle with some sort of whiffle ball gag in my mouth.

"Mmmpphh." I tried screaming through the gag.

The door opened and genie entered. She was about five nine, with long raven hair pulled to one side, flowing over her left shoulder. A crisp, white blouse accentuated her high, generous breasts, and had a tan calf length skirt meeting tan boots.

"Good morning master," she said, "Or should I say good afternoon? It's just about noon. I hope you had a good nights sleep."

"Mmrrmmph." I tried telling her to stop this and let me go.

Walking into the room, "Bad master." 

Sitting on the bed next to me, "You have been a bad master." 

Running a hand lightly across me chest, "A very bad master." 

Gripping my cock, and slowly pumping, "Master has been ignoring his genie."

Letting go, and starting to stroke by ribs, "Bad master must be punished."

Seeing my look of alarm, "I may not hurt master, but master can and will be punished." At which she bent over and took my cock in her mouth, giving several long, slow bobs; swirling her tongue around me, bringing me fully erect.

As I tried thrusting she sat up, "Oh, I left the stove on. Don't go anywhere master." at which she got up and walked out of the room; leaving me hard, and starting to drip.

She returned in a few minutes. This time, dressed as a sexy secretary. She was about five four, with deep auburn hair pulled in to a bun, glasses, and a business suit of a moderately frilly blouse, open at the top; a light jacket that accented her small bust, a slim a-line skirt, and four inch heels.

"Does master know why he has been called in for this performance evaluation?"

I shook my head no.

"You pride yourself on your, efficiency."

Reaching out to stroke my cock, "But for the last quarter your performance metrics have been completely unacceptable."

Moving so she was between my legs, gripping my cock with both hands, holding it against her blouse, and slowly jerking my cock, "Your client satisfaction score could not possibly get any lower."

Slowly running her tongue the length of my cock, "But with remedial training and" moving down to gently suckle my balls, "performance incentives we, hmm, could get you, hmm, back on track, ooh, in no time."

Getting back up, "Oh, excuse me. I have a call I absolutely have to take. I'll be right back." And genie left the room.

She left me as hard as can ever remember being, and moaning in needful desire.

When she returned, think of your fantasy of 'the girl next door' as a blond. About five six, nothing that stood out individually, but the whole package just screamed sexy.

She snapped her fingers, and my gag changed to a ring gag. As she bounced up to me, "Is master enjoying himself?" Flicking my cock, "It looks like master is enjoying himself. Master should not be enjoying himself." Pausing to mouth my cock, she continued, "Master is supposed to be paying attention to genie's needs, not his desire."

She then moved to place one of her tits in my mouth, saying, "Lick master." As she was idly toying with my cock, she kept switching tits, so both were getting a lot of attention. She was soon starting to emit small moans of pleasure, "Ooh, yes, that's a good master."

She then morphed into the secretary, straddled my face, and sat down. "It is time for master to continue his remedial training." Slowly grinding in to my face, "Yes, there master. A little to your left. Higher, Slow down a little, Faster." until she came in a screaming orgasm.

After that I lost track. She was continually morphing back and forth between the secretary, the girl next door, the original temptress, and several other bodies. Constantly playing with, and sucking my cock and balls. I lost track of the time, and was moaning in a delirium of frustrated pleasure and agony.

At long last, in the body of the temptress, she sheathed me within her, leaned forward, and taking my head in her hands, "Master is supposed to name genie. Master has to name genie. Genie likes Jeanette. Is Jeanette a good name for genie?" She used her hands to make my head nod, leaned back, and smiled. "Thank you master. Jeanette likes her new name."

"Master has decision to make." she said, as she squirmed with me inside her. "If master wishes, Jeanette will stop and let master go. Master will not come, and Jeanette will never bother master again. Or," squirming and squeezing, making me try to thrust into her, "Jeanette will make master come, but then Jeanette gets to punish master again later." starting to slide up and down, she watched me desperately trying to fuck into her.

"Good master." she cooed as she started riding me harder. "Master has made a wise choice. Master will enjoy his punishment."

As I started to come she leaned forward, grinding her tits into my chest, and giving me a deep desperate kiss of desire. When I was done coming she got between my legs and proceeded to clean me with her tongue. 

After all I had been through, I wasn't completely spent, and started to respond. She sat back with a smile, morphing into the secretary, "Master has done well on his remedial training. Master will receive incentive to do well next time."

She took me in her mouth, using her hands to play with my balls. As I lie there, moaning in pleasure, she proceeded to deep throat me. Taking me all the way in, and then back out, until I came again.

As I lay there, utterly spent, she kissed me on the forehead. As the shackles and gag disappeared, she whispered "Good Night Master."

As she left my room I fell into an exhausted slumber.