 Author's note: This story consists of multiple chapters. Some chapters will contain subjects that some may find objectionable, such as incest. While this chapter doesn't contain this, you are here forewarned not to get into this series if this subject bothers/offends you. All characters are over eighteen, as I can't abide kiddy-porn. If all this is suitable to your tastes, please enjoy my series, Bait and Switch.

==============================

Blue lights flashing across my closed eyes woke me immediately.

"He's awake," a harsh whisper sounded in my room, "quick, silence him!"

A thick hand covered my mouth, and it was only then that I decided to try making noises. More hands grabbed me, and held me down, as the one with the flashlight came closer to me, and turned the light so I could see his face.

It was Robbie.

"Looks like it's payback time, nerd," His eyes were cold in the beam coming off of his flashlight, and in a panic I reached for his switches. His fist was faster, as it connected with my jaw, and I saw stars.

*  *  *

My jaw was the first thing I felt as I woke up. An odd moan sounded from somewhere, and it took me a few moments to realize it was me. My mouth didn't feel right, and I soon realized there was a gag between my teeth. Keeping my eyes closed, I hoped to fool them into thinking I was still out, but my muffled moan had already given away the ruse.

"Looks like our little nerd has come back to us," I heard Robbie's taunting voice come closer to me at the same time I felt his switches approaching. "Looks like he needs a little encouragement to WAKE UP!" Robbie punctuated his words with a fist to my gut, a split second before I could move his switches. My eyes bulged, as all the air in me was forcefully expelled, and my stomach writhed in pain. With my eyes now open, I could see that I was in someone's unfinished basement, tied to a support beam, my arms behind me. "Good. I'm glad to see you're back with us," Robbie's voice had become menacingly cold. "We want to have a little talk with you."

My eyes were still watering, and I was trying to gather enough wits together so I could start to weaken him, when his next blow hit the side of my ribs.

"Enough Robbie," I heard a sweet familiar voice, but it only sent a chill down my spine. What was Gina doing here?

"Enough? Enough!?" Robbie blustered. "It will be 'enough' when he has paid for what he did to you."

I used the distraction to focus my thoughts, and flipped his 'bladder' switch, and started pushing on his 'weak' switch. I had to get out of here.

Robbie turned his attention back to me, and there was no mistaking the malice in his eyes. "That won't work this time, freak." His punch this time struck the other side of my ribcage. Thankfully it was weaker, though it still hurt, and even brought an embarrassing sob out of me.

Had my switches failed me? I wondered through the pain that was wracking my body. No, I saw, I could still feel the switches, and they HAD moved. Looking through my pain filled eyes, I could see that his pants were still dry, but something seemed odd about them.

"Hit 'im again, Robbie. Make the lil freak pay." For the first time I realized that there were others around. John Malcom, Brent Ratner, Philip Carson, Tony Hansen, and Derek Peterson (the one who had just spoken), were also witnessing my humiliation; all of them on the football team, and all friends of Robbie.

"I want to hear him confess," one of them said, and the others agreed.

Robbie yanked the gag out of my mouth, and I worked my mouth painfully, my jaw throbbing. "Tell everyone what you did to my girlfriend. Tell them how you raped her, and MAYBE I'll go easy on you."

Rape? I hadn't RAPED her! I thought. Looking to Gina, I saw that she was looking at the floor, refusing to look at me. What had she told them? "I didn't--"

Robbie's right hook caught my jaw, but it was too weak to do my than move my head, though it still hurt where he'd struck me originally.

"Don't lie to us, freak. Gina, come tell him what you told us." Robbie looked to his girlfriend, but she just continued to look at the floor. "Gina?"

"Gina, tell them I didn't do it!" I pleaded, and I felt a switch move as I spoke, but I couldn't tell what or where. I remembered her switches and I started moving the 'guilt' and 'concern' switches I'd made that first night, and was relieved to feel them move in the opposite direction I'd done then.

"Come on, Gina. Confront your rapist. Spit in his face, and show him you're not afraid of him." Gina looked up at me then, but dropped her gaze back down again.

"I-I..." Gina trailed off.

Two hands grabbed my head from behind, and turned my face towards her. Their fingers dug into my cheeks and temples as the hands held my head firmly. For a moment I debated on using my switches to stop this whole farce, but stopped myself. I had to clear my name first. I was no rapist, not now, not ever!

"Look, Gina, the nerd is helpless. He can't hurt you," Derek's voice said right behind me, as I pushed harder on Gina's 'guilt' switch.

"I can't," she finally blurted.

"Man, you must've done a number on her, nerd," Derek said. "That's okay... We'll do you even worse, I promise."

"No!" Gina yelled, and every eye in the room turned to her. Robbie went over to console her, but she shook him off. "I lied," she confessed, tears streaming down her face. "He didn't rape me." Her voice had gone tremulous, and she buried her face in her hands as she sobbed.

"What are you saying?" Robbie asked; confusion painted across his face.

Gina looked at him then, and I could see anger in her red rimmed, tear stained eyes. "I'm saying I fucked him, and enjoyed every minute of it." Everybody's jaws dropped but mine and Gina's. Robbie just had a pained look on his face. "I seduced him, but felt guilty about it, so I lied to you. But I can't... I can't let you do this to him, when he's innocent."

"Like hell he's innocent!" Surprisingly it was Derek who made the exclamation, and not Robbie. "He still screwed with your girlfriend, Robbie. I say we teach him a lesson, and make sure he never touches another man's girl again." I felt the man's fist hit my right kidney hard a moment after he released my head, wracking my body with pain all over again. I'd like to say I took it like a man, but it HURT!

"No, Derek." Robbie's voice was barely a whisper, and I wasn't sure if I'd heard him right, through my agony fogged brain. "Untie him." He turned his back on Gina, and faced the rest of the room. "It's one thing to beat up a rapist, but I won't hurt a man whose only crime is being seduced by this slut."

"Robbie, I..." Gina reached for Robbie's shoulder, but he yanked it away from her.

The large man walked up to me, and stared me in the face. I could see that he hated me still, but I had to give him some respect for his actions. He helped untie me, and I turned to face the room. I knew it was wrong, but I felt like I needed to get revenge. I quickly made two new switches in each man, and Gina.

I flipped the first, and watched as their eyes grew large, and their bodies became completely paralyzed. I walked up to Derek first, and had to look up at him, as Gina was the only one in the room shorter than me. I reached up with my right hand, and pinched the base of his neck where it met with his should. Simultaneously, I flipped the second switch, and smiled as he fell asleep. To everyone else, it would look like I'd given him the Vulcan Nerve Pinch. A truly geeky revenge.

I looked to Robbie's other four friends, and couldn't bring myself to do anything to them. Sure they had helped kidnap me, but none of them had struck me, only watched. I released their 'paralyze' switch, and told them to go. To a man, they fled that small basement, beating each other out of their way, in their haste to get away from me.

Turning back to Robbie, I felt my anger flare up again, until I saw his eyes. They say the eyes are the windows to the soul, and if that were true, Robbie was in hell. There was no fear in his eyes, only pain, and hurt, and betrayal. "Go," I said quietly (I felt that phantom switch move again), before I could change my mind, and released him too. As he ran up the stairs after his friends, I noticed that his pants seemed a little bulky around the waist, and thought he must be wearing a diaper. No wonder his pants had stayed dry.

Finally it was just me, Gina, and a softly snoring Derek in the dim basement. I debated on giving Derek a few kicks, to pay him back for the kidney punch, but realized that the fight was out of me, after seeing how broken Robbie had become.

Turning to Gina, I released her, and watched as she crumpled to the floor, crying. "I'm so sorry," she sobbed, her face once again buried in her hands. "I didn't know they would take it this far."

"Get up," I demanded, my voice as cold as the storm had been earlier today. She looked up at me, and I felt my anger rising again. This woman had told them that I'd raped her. Sure I had used my switches to turn her on, and make her horny, but I couldn't control her mind! I didn't force her to do anything. And for that, I had been kidnapped, tied up, and beaten. Thankfully my name was clear now, though I wondered what the others would say of the aftermath. "I said, get up!" As I spoke, I finally found the phantom switch that kept moving without any effort from me. It was a switch in Gina; the one I had used to make her wet every time I spoke, but now it was working on its own, without my control.

Slowly Gina stood, and I tried to be patient, but I was still seething inside.

"Nick, I'm so sorry--"

"I don't want to hear it," I cut her off. "Right now, I am in a lot of pain, and have no idea where I'm at. I need you to take me home." Oh, how it galled to tell her that, but I really had no clue where I was, and didn't feel like trying to walk through the snow, till I found out. I was just glad that I'd fallen asleep in my work clothes, shoes and all.

"O-Okay..." Gina stammered, and followed me up the stairs. "I'll take you home. It's the least I can do."

Damn straight, it's the least you can do, I thought, but didn't say.

The night air was frigid as I stepped outside, and followed her to her car. Every step hurt, and every breath was a chore, but none of it compared to the pain I'd suffered from overusing my ability.

The drive home was short, and Gina continued to prattle on about how sorry she was, and how she would make it up to me. I just closed my eyes, and let her talk, wishing I could use switches on myself, so that I could block the pain.

When she pulled up to my apartment, I got out, and was surprised when she did too.

"What are you doing?" I demanded.

"You're hurt. I want to make sure you make it alright." I was in too much pain, and too tired to argue, and truth be told, it helped to lean on her a little bit, as we walked up to my apartment.

I dug the keys out of my pocket, expecting that she would leave then, but she followed me in.

"Oh," I heard an exclamation as I walked into the lit dining room to find Dennis awake, "what happened?"

"A little misunderstanding," I said, sarcasm dripping from my tone.

"I tried to stop them," Dennis said earnestly, "but Derek held me down as they carried you out. He told me not to call the police, or they'd come for me next."

"And where were you?" I turned and asked Gina.

"I was brought into the basement after..." She replied quietly. "Robbie said he had a surprise for me, and had me blindfolded. When he removed the blindfold, they had you tied up."

I just nodded, too exhausted to care anymore. Gina followed me to my room, and I wondered if she was going to help me do everything from now on.

"Go home, Gina. Your mom is probably worried about you. I can take care of myself." I could still feel that switch moving every time I spoke, making her pussy wetter, and then turn back off when I stopped. I wondered briefly if I had accidently trained her like one of Pavlov's dogs.

"My mom will be fine. Let me help you, and then I'll go." Once again, all I could do was nod, as Gina helped me out of my shirt and pants. Part of me wondered what tale she might spin from this night, but I hoped she had learned her lesson. She gasped as my shirt came off, and lightly touched the two forming bruises that were already dark on my ribs. Her touch was light, but still made me flinch. My pants were next, and they hit the floor, revealing my 'Armitage' (one of my favorite anime's) boxers. For a second I wondered if she was going to follow me to the bathroom as well, but thankfully she let me do that in peace.

When I returned to my room, she had me lie on my stomach.

"Just relax," she told me. "Let me give you a massage. It will help you sleep."

Help with sleeping was the last thing I needed, I was so weary, but a free massage wasn't something to pass up either. A small part of me still didn't trust her, but I could feel her 'guilt' and 'concern' switches still fully on. Also, knowing that Dennis was in the apartment helped.

Her fingers worked wonders on my back and shoulders, and thankfully she avoided my right kidney, and the sides of my ribs. As her fingers dug deeper, I could feel my muscles (such as they were), start to relax. Just as I was about to fall asleep, she moved off me, and told me to roll over. Obligingly, I did as I was told, and gave a low moan, as she started to rub my feet. Her thumbs dug into the underside, tops, and even between my toes, as she worked my feet, and a small feeling of euphoria spread across my body.

"I've been told I give the best massages," she whispered, as she worked up to my calves.

If she did this every night for a month, I thought, she might actually begin to make it up to me.

Her hands began to work my thighs, and the feeling of contentment continued through my body. It wasn't until she was working on the tops of my thighs, near my groin, that I realized I had gotten hard at some point, and was now poking out of the top of my boxers. Gina just ignored it, though I knew she couldn't miss it.

As she finished with my thighs, she straddled my legs, and started working on my stomach and sides. The middle of my stomach was still tender from Robbie's first blow in the basement, but Gina's fingers seemed to work magic. As her hands slowly worked up to my chest, I noticed that her body slid up too, till she was sitting right on top of my rock-hard rod, while she was working my shoulders. Her whole body was moving on top of me, and it was only making me horny, instead of relaxing me.

"What are you doing?" I asked, feeling that switch inside her move again as I spoke. Her hips were now moving with their own rhythm, sliding up and down my partially covered penis, as her hands worked my neck. I could sense that her 'horny' switch was fully tilted now.

"Making recompense," she whispered.

Horny as I now was, I was even more wary. "Uh-huh... And have it end like last time?"

Gina sat fully upright, and ground her denim covered crotch down on me. "Dennis, are you still listening at the door?" She asked, turning her head towards the closed door. I could see his shadow underneath it, and almost had to laugh to myself. The big jock who could usually get any girl, was listening outside MY door. Thinking about the fact that he was a jock, I thought about how happy I was that he played basketball, and not football, else he would have likely been in that basement too. Dennis didn't respond to Gina's question, but she continued as if he had. "I want to make it clear that everything I do in here tonight, I do of my own free will." She turned back to look at me, and I could see hunger in her hazel eyes now. "There, now you have a witness." Her hand snaked down, and started gently rubbing the head of my cock. "You don't really want me to stop, do you? Goodness knows, THIS big fellah doesn't want me to stop." Her fingers wrapped as far as they could around my manhood, and gave it a squeeze.

Deciding quickly, I yelled towards Dennis's shadow, "I hope you heard her, 'cause I'm gonna make her moan!" Hey, I might still be mad at her, but I wasn't about to pass up a free screw.

Gina giggled, as she grabbed the hem of her shirt, and lifted it up over her head. Underneath, she was wearing a white frilly bra that brought her ample bosom together to emphasize her cleavage.

"You just lie there and relax," she told me, "I don't want you hurting yourself. Let me do all the work." She bent over, and lightly pecked my lips, before moving her mouth gently across my left cheek, to just behind my ear. I reached behind her, and easily unsnapped her bra, as I felt her breath tickle the hairs at the nape of my neck. Gina softly nibbled her way down my neck, along my pecks, till she could bring my right nipple into her mouth. I rather enjoyed the sensation, as her tongue swirled around the areola, making it stand up tall and proud.

I let out a small moan, and noted that even that made the switch move that controlled the wetness of her pussy. I let out a louder moan, as a test, and felt the switch move even more. Gina also gave a slight shudder as I did, and I wondered just how much she was enjoying this. Part of me didn't want her to get any pleasure from it, but I have never been a selfish man.

As her lips travelled down my abdomen, I noticed that my door had opened slightly, and Dennis was peeking through the small crack. That's right, I thought, watch as I get a piece of action from one of the hottest babes on campus. I really was going to have a witness to her willingness.

I forgot all about Dennis watching when Gina's lips stretched around the head of my rod, and her tongue started to swirl around the ever sensitive rim. Another moan escaped me, and Gina began to bob up and down, slowly taking more and more of me into her mouth. I was too big to fit down her throat, but she gave it a valiant effort, often gagging in her attempt. Soon my moans were nonstop, until she started to really shudder, and I knew she was cumming.

Her head lifted, and she looked me in the eyes with a piercing look. "What is it about your cock that makes me cum so easily?" I could only shrug; glad she thought it was my cock, and not me manipulating her through my switches. Gina rolled onto her back, unsnapped her pants, and almost ripped them off, before rolling back onto me. Licking my shaft from balls to tip, she kept going until her tongue was in my mouth.

I could feel her vagina start to press against the tip of my penis, and moaned into her mouth as her pussy swallowed the first couple inches inside of her. "Oh, Gawd! I forgot how big that thing is," she told me, flipping her head back. At the same time, I notice Dennis slip quietly into the room. He already has his cock out, and is gently stroking it, as he watched this hot blonde woman slip further and further down my rod. Despite myself, I couldn't help but notice that he was well endowed, if not quite so well as I am.

My mind is taken from Dennis's presence as I hit bottom in her. Gina looked down between us, then back up to me, with a slightly pouting expression. "One day, I am going to get all of you in me," she promised, before sliding back up, and then slamming back down till I hit bottom again. I moan as she does this, and can feel her inner muscles tighten as I do so. 

I decided to give Dennis a bit of a show, and grabbed an ass cheek in each hand, spreading them, and giving my roommate a great view of my cock sliding in and out of her cunt. Gina's tits were bouncing just inches above my face, and I lifted my head up a bit, grunting at the slight pain in my abs as I did so, and suckled one of them between my lips. I let out a really loud moan as I did so, and suddenly Gina was cumming hard on top of me. I started to thrust my hips, pounding in and out of her, when an idea occurred to me.
