 The pain was excruciating. I was only dimly aware of the light going from white to yellow before I lost consciousness.

When I woke up, my muddled brain didn't seem to want to work. I vaguely remembered being with Lela, making the switch that I thought would work on her (or trying to), and then waking up in my bed. Had I over used my ability at the party?

A quick test on the lights confirmed it, as pain shot between my eyes. I rolled over and went back to sleep.

I was tempted to sleep all day, till something reminded me that this next week was finals week, before the Christmas break. I'd meant to do some studying today, but I didn't really feel like staying in my room. Especially when I saw I had two missed calls from Gina, and one from Shanna. I didn't feel up to seeing either one right then, so I got dressed, and drove to the campus library, leaving my phone behind.

Studying never was my strong suit, however, and I began thinking about the demons. Lela had told me that there were other humans that had had their dormant genes activated, and I remembered Dennis mentioning seeing YouTube videos of people doing extraordinary things. Using the library's Wi-Fi, I loaded the site, and started browsing. It looked like there were a lot of different videos to choose from, so I started choosing some at random. I watched one where a guy could supposedly talk to dogs and another where a girl could turn her skin blue. Neither of those seemed particularly helpful, so I kept looking. I found the one of the guy in Japan that could spontaneously combust, and then watched as the flames went out, and he was unharmed, even his clothes. I wondered if it was some type of illusion, but I was able to find a version with subtitles, and the cameraman claimed to be able to feel the heat from the flames. Now THAT could come in handy, if he could start other things on fire. Unfortunately, he went on to say that he can only do it to himself.

I searched for a few more hours, with no better results. Some were super strong, or just as useless as blue skin, but I couldn't see how any of them could stop an alien race from destroying the human race. I couldn't even see how I was going to do it. And if Lela, with her advanced technology, couldn't do it, what chance did I have?

Bored and frustrated, I decided to give my ability a small test, and mentally flipped off my laptop. It went off, and the following pain was minimal. In a slightly better mood, I went back to the apartment.

Dennis was there, and I realized he hadn't been home when I'd arrived last night, nor there when I'd gotten up this afternoon.

"Where've you been?" I asked him.

"Out with Robin. Man, can she give a mean blowjob!"I laughed as I dropped my stuff in my room, and then returned to talk to Dennis.

"Wasn't she with Brent?"

"Not anymore. Can you believe what he was doing to his sister?"

I shook my head, but I could believe, and thought that I'd caused it with my switches. I felt guilty again. It was just like with Gina; I was manipulating people into doing things they would otherwise never do. Did I have the right to do that? I had a feeling that the answer was 'no'.

"Oh, by the way, Gina stopped by again. How many girls are you going to string along? First Gina, now Shanna?"

"That was actually her twin, Shannon, last night," I said before I could think better of it.

Dennis gave a long whistle, and punched me in the arm. The punch didn't hurt as much as it usually did, and I wondered if Lela's white light was finally showing its effects.

"Three women now? Yeah, I don't think you can call yourself a geek anymore."

I only shook my head, as I got up and went back to my room. How many women I was with didn't make a difference whether I was a geek or not. Talk of Gina had given me an idea, though.

Opening my phone, I noticed I had missed another call from her, and called her back. She answered on the second ring.

"I'm so glad you called me back. I was afraid you were avoiding me again."

I hated to ruin her mood, but I had to do this. "Gina, we need to talk." I had a plan, and I was fairly certain I could deal with the pain my switches were going to cause me. I was just glad that I was recovering quicker than I had the first time.

"Oh, okay. Is everything alright?" The quaver in her voice told me of her fears.

"I'll be by to pick you up in an hour, is that alright?"

"An hour? Yeah. Hey, is anything wrong?"

"Great, I'll see you then," and hung up. I didn't want to lie to her, but I didn't know what else to say.

I showered, and got dressed. I tried not to dress too nice, but also didn't want to look like a slob. I ended up wearing Jeans, and a 'Geeks Are Sexy' t-shirt from one of my favorite websites.

Gina's mom answered the door, and she invited me in. "Dinner will be ready in a few minutes; I'll let Gina know you're here."

"I really shouldn't stay for dinner," I protested, but Gina walked in then.

"But we cooked enough for three. Eat with us, and then you can tell me what you wanted to say." Gina had such hopeful eyes, that I couldn't say no. I had wanted to talk to her in a public place, but as I thought about it, it may be better for her emotional balance if she were home when I was done. 

Besides, have you ever heard of a single college student turning down a free meal?

Dinner was delicious, a Sunday pot roast, with carrots and potatoes. The table was mostly quiet. I didn't want to talk too much around Gina, but Nancy occasionally asked me questions about school and my plans for the future. For half a heartbeat, I thought about telling them that I had no plans if I couldn't defeat the demons, but knew how crazy that would sound.

Despite keeping my talking to a minimum, I felt Gina's foot start to crawl up my leg. Her toes caressing my shin for a few minutes, before going up to my crotch. I nearly choked on my food when she did that. A quick glance at her mom showed she hadn't noticed anything, and Gina had a wicked gleam in her eyes.

As soon as I was done with my plate, I asked if I could be excused, and went to their front room. Gina joined me shortly after.

"So, what did you want to talk about?" She asked as she sat and took my hands in hers.

I prepared a 'memory' switch, feeling only a little pain. It might mean that I would have to do this twice, but if she completely flipped out, I didn't want her remembering.

"Gina, everything you have been feeling lately is my fault, and I don't think we should be around each other anymore."

"What do you mean? Why not?" The quaver was back in her voice, but she gripped my hands tighter.

Time for the truth. "I have a special ability. I can make switches with my mind, and do almost anything I want with them." I watched as my words sank in, and then as her face went to incredulity, so I rushed on, "That night I came over to help you with your math, I made a switch that made you wet every time I spoke, and a switch that made your nipples hard too." Even as I spoke, I felt the first switch move, and knew that my voice was affecting her. This was part of the reason I'd wanted to do this in a public place, but her mother should be protection enough, as long as I don't mess with her switches too.

She looked at me for a second her cheeks going red, probably wondering if I was crazy.

"Well, that might explain a few things," she didn't seem angry, which was a good thing, "but I don't believe you."

I was ready for this. I made a switch to make her back itch, then before she could scratch it, I said, "I just made your back itch. I can move that switch anywhere I want to: your foot, or your arm, even the palm of your hand." As I named each place, I moved the switch, feeling my headache grow with each change. When it reached her hands, she yanked them out of mine, and stared at me. This was the part I was most worried about.

She stared at me in wonder, idly scratching her hand. "So you can control minds?"

"Not really. I can't control what you think, and only a small bit what you feel. Mostly it is a physical reaction I get from my switches."

"So you didn't make me screw you that night. You didn't force me to do it, but you DID manipulate my body?"

I dropped my head in shame, and nodded.

"And you kept on doing it afterwards?" 

She was really scratching her hand now, and I realized I hadn't flipped off that switch. She looked grateful as I did, with a mumbled, "Sorry."

"No. I didn't do it again, but after that first night, it was as though your body was conditioned to it. Every time I talk, I feel that switch move. That is why I have been avoiding you, so that I wasn't manipulating you again."

She grabbed my hands again, which surprised me. "Is that what you've been worried about? That I'd hate you after you told me?"

I shook my head. "No, I didn't want to make you do anything you didn't want to do."

She gave a small tremulous laugh, and I looked back up to her hazel eyes. "'Want' is the key word." She took a deep breath. "Honesty deserves honesty. No I didn't plan on screwing you when you came over that night. I planned on trying to seduce you into doing my work for me. Instead I got so turned on by you, I decided to go even further. If you can't control what I think, then you didn't make me screw you. I CHOSE to do it." I tried to protest, but she cut me off. "Yes, yes, you manipulated my body, but you know what? I've always thought you were kind of cute, if a little scrawny... Though it looks like that might be changing too. Are you making yourself stronger?"

I almost... ALMOST, told her about Lela, but I was afraid that the conversation would turn to the demons, and I didn't want to frighten her.

"No, I can't affect myself, only other people and objects." I went on to explain how the switches worked, and how they failed.

"That explains Robbie, and the night they kidnapped you. I think it is like hypnosis in a way," she told me at one point, and I shook my head. This was nothing like hypnosis. "Hear me out. You can affect me, by making my feet hot, creating an itch, and various other things, but you can't make me do anything I don't really want to do, like—" She leaned forward, and before I could stop her, kissed me. I could feel myself getting hard, but this was NOT the reason I'd come here. I pushed her away, and looked up to see her mom watching us.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. I just wanted to know if you would be staying the night?" I almost choked as she asked that.

"I wasn't planning to." Gina's mom nodded, and went up the stairs.

"You know, it is the weirdest thing. Ever since that night, my mom has been oblivious to so many things that used to bother her."

Oblivious? Or accepting and no longer concerned? I remembered the switches I'd made in Gina's mom, and could feel them upstairs. They were both stuck in the position I'd moved them to that first night. I remembered how I had mashed down on them, and wondered if I'd broken her somehow.

I looked back to Gina, and she had a shrewd look on her face. "You did that, didn't you? When she walked in on us, you made sure she didn't care... Oh my... You did it to me too!" If it weren't for the fact that she was smiling from ear to ear, I would have been worried. "Oh, don't give me that look. Listen, you didn't make me do anything against my will, and I certainly don't regret it." She pursed her lips, as she thought about something. "You can tell me no, but I have a favor to ask. You're right about your voice still making me wet. You wanna go upstairs and fuck? As long as you know that I want it, and not because you made me want it?"

I was about to argue that I HAD made her want it, because I'd made the switch in the first place, but her lips against mine cut off that argument. Truth be told, she handled everything better than I'd thought. In fact, now that I think on it more, I'd made the same switch in Professor Frankens, and she hadn't jumped my bones. Maybe Gina was right, and it was something like hypnosis. I couldn't MAKE someone do something they didn't want to.

How then, do I explain Brent and his sister, Lindsey?

I was halfway up the stairs by the time I realized I was no longer on the couch. Gina had me by the hand, and was pulling me along, and despite my earlier reservations, I decided to go with it. She knew what I was capable of, and still wanted to do it. Who was I to argue?

She stopped before we reached her bedroom, however, and I saw her purse her lips again. "I want to test out this ability of yours."

"My headaches—" I tried to stop her, but she just opened the door, and pulled me in after her. It only took me a second to see we were in her mother's room. Nancy was sitting on her bed, watching TV, but she looked up at us as we entered.

"Oh, hi guys. Did you need something?"

"No, we—" Gina covered my mouth, and talked over me, a smile splitting her face.

"We thought we'd come spend some time with you." I glared at Gina.

"That's sweet of you kids," she patted the bed next to her, and scooted over to give us room.

I groaned, as Gina pulled me over to the bed, and shoved me down on it. She didn't waste any time, before jumping on top of me, and kissing me with a passion. Her hunger was really starting to affect me, and despite the oddity of having her mom right next to us, I started to moan, and wrapped my arms around this wild woman.

"Do you want me to leave you kids alone?" The voice broke through the fog in my head, and I broke the kiss, but once again, Gina beat me to it.

"No, stay mom. This is your room. We'll try not to bother you." As she talked, Gina sat up, pulled off her shirt and bra, and then looked to her mom. The older woman glanced at her wanton daughter, and then looked back to the TV, unconcerned.

I think it was about this point I figured, what the hell, and went with it. I pulled Gina back down, liking the way she squealed as I did so, and returned the kiss she'd given me a bit ago. As our tongues swirled in each other's mouths, I allowed my hands to roam her back, and dipped them inside her pants, gripping her small ass.

She lifted her middle, and I felt her hands at my waist, undoing my pants. I kicked off my shoes, and slipped my hands around her waist, doing the same for her pants. As soon as our pants were off, Gina helped remove my shirt, and then we were both naked, lying next to her mom.

Gina kissed her way down my chest, and a sigh next to me made me look over. Gina's mom was now watching us exclusively, but didn't interfere, or say anything else. I wondered what was going through her mind, when Gina's tongue touched my cock.

I moaned loudly, as she slipped her lips around the bulbous head, and I could feel her tongue going to work. I remembered the orgy last night, and couldn't believe my luck lately. Gina started to go crazy, sucking, slurping, and licking, and my hands shot out to grip the sheets at the pleasure she was giving me. At least my left hand did. My right hand gripped Nancy's thigh, and I swear I heard her moan.

Looking up, I saw that her eyes were locked on my crotch and her daughter's mouth. She licked her lips, and mouthed something, but I couldn't hear it over the TV and Gina's noises.

Gina's head was really bobbing up and down, and I was trying to concentrate on holding back my own orgasm. I wasn't close, but I was enjoying this too much and wanted it to last. I knew one way to distract myself.

I got Gina's attention, and indicated what I wanted to do. She happily flipped her body around, so that I could taste her. I kept my right hand on Nancy's leg, but used my other hand to play with one of Gina's large breasts, while I started to lick her pussy.

Gina came almost as soon as my lips touched her, and I felt the leg under my hand pull away. I figured Nancy had probably had enough of watching us, and left.

With my hand now free, I brought them both up to Gina's ass, and held her tight as I attacked her clit. I threw all of my concentration into what I was doing, until Gina came again. She sat up as she did so, moaning in ecstasy at what I was doing. It took me a second to realize I still felt lips around my cock.

"That's it mom. Show me how to suck his fat cock," I heard Gina say, and almost blew my load right then.

I threw Gina off of me, and looked down to see that the older woman did indeed have my thick rod between her thin lips, and she was completely naked. Her breasts were smaller than her daughter's tits, and were topped by dark red nipples.

"Nancy!" I exclaimed in shock.

She pulled away, and smiled up at me, "I hope you don't mind. Gina looked like she was having so much fun, I wanted to try some of this," she told me matter-of-factly, giving my member a few quick yanks.

Gina leaned down and whispered in my ear. "I was surprised when she asked if she could suck on you, too." She kissed my cheek. "Go with it. She has been so lonely since dad left; I think she could use it."

"But she's your mom!" I protested, as Nancy started to suck on my balls.

"And you're hard as a rock, and enjoying what she's doing." She gave me a quick peck on the lips, and then said, "Consider this retribution for your evil ways in manipulating us." I knew she wasn't being serious with her tone, and the kiss that followed made my toes curl. "Mom, if you think that is fun; you should let him eat you out."

I was about to protest, but the look of hope I saw in Nancy's eyes changed my mind. The same hazel eyes Gina had. "Come here," I told her instead.

Nancy squealed, just like her daughter, as she climbed up my body, and planted her crotch on my face. She was practically dripping before I even shoved my tongue in her, and came when I sucked on her clit.

"Oh, I haven't had anyone do that to me in years!" The older woman exclaimed. I reached my hands up to her smaller breasts, and started running her nipples through my fingers, as I continued tasting her.

I felt Gina straddle my hips, and a moment later I entered her small crevice. She seemed to be on fire, and sank onto my length in record time.

"That's it, Nick. Lick my mom's pussy while you fuck me. You made me a horny slut for you, and now you've got my mom, too. Fuck me, Nick. And after that, you're going to fuck her!"

At this point, I was so horny, I didn't care how odd the situation was. It didn't even bother me when I felt Gina's hands replace mine on her mother's tits, or when I looked up Nancy's body to see the two women kissing. The sight of their tongues wrapping around each other did set me off, and I unloaded my seed into Gina's grasping cunt.

The second I was done, Nancy pushed her daughter off of me, and to my surprise, and I think Gina's too, the older women started to suck my cum from her daughter's wet hole.

Nancy's ass was in the air, and I had only softened a little bit, so I decided to go for it. I got on my knees behind her, gripped her ass in both hands, and slid my cum soaked cock into her cunny. She was even tighter than her daughter was, and if my tool weren't already so slick, and slightly softened, it would have taken more effort. I tried to be careful, however, as I slid more and more of my pecker into her. Tight though she was, I didn't hit her bottom till I was fully inside her velvety hot folds.

Nancy was moaning deeply into her daughter's cunny, as I started moving my hips, already feeling myself grow harder with every stroke.

"Oh my Gawd, mom. I can't believe you're sucking his cum from my pussy. Ahh, that feels so good. Keep going, mom. Suck my clit. Make me cum again!" I decided to moan loudly right then to help her out, and smiled as I watched her whole body tense from a powerful orgasm. The look Gina gave me, said she knew what I'd done for her.

I looked back down to where I was sawing in and out of Nancy's tight pussy, and still couldn't believe I was fully buried in her, and without that tight grasping feeling at the head, like I'd felt from Shanna. I picked up my pace, and soon Nancy was grunting with each stroke as I pounded into her soft flesh. Nancy came a few seconds later, and pulled off my cock, moaning, "No more, I need a break." She licked her way up her daughter's body, and they started kissing when their faces met.
