 A pleasant sensation spread through my body, slowly waking me up. I felt really good and thought maybe Lela's green/yellow light was on me, but an odd noise filled my ears. It took a few seconds for my sleep bleary eyes to focus, and I moaned loudly as I saw what was happening.

Gina was busily and noisily sucking on my dick. Her lips were stretched taut around my girth, and at the sound of my moan, she looked up at me.

Gina lifted her head from my lap; her soft blonde hair tickling my thighs, "I was wondering how long it would take you to wake up," she smiled.

"Good morning to you too," I said, returning the grin. "Why don't you swing around here, and I'll do the same for you?"

"Uh-uh, no thanks. I'm a little tender this morning. You just lay back and enjoy. You've already done more than you know for me. You were moaning in your sleep. I rather like how your switches affect." She dropped her head back down, and I felt her lips brush the underside of my cock, while her hand held the other side. She ran her mouth up and down me a few times, then slipped my head back between her lips, and slurped noisily. Her tongue worked around the rim, flicking it, and driving me crazy with sensation. It didn't take long, before I was hunching my hips, and blowing down her throat, as my alarm went off.

She hungrily swallowed all I gave her, and then milked me for the last few drops before pulling away, and coming up to kiss my chest and lay her head on it.

Gina heard my alarm still going off. Curious, she asked, "That sounds like a sad song. What is it?"

"My alarm. It's from one of my all-time favorite video games. From a sad scene where a character dies," I told her, wondering what she would think of that.

"Hmm, sometimes I forget you're a geek. You are such a wonderful lover... Are all geeks as good as you?" She propped her chin on my chest as she looked up at me.

I laughed lightly, before answering. "I've heard it said that geeks make better lovers, because they rarely get any, and they study how to please their partner for when they get the chance."

"Mmm," she purred, giving my chin a quick peck, and then laying flat on my chest again, "You do indeed please me." She patted my limp member, and I laughed again. "Why do you wake up to that song though, if the memory is sad?"

"Good question. I'll have to change it again." I didn't want to explain to her why I had changed it from the Dalek's 'Exterminate' one I'd had before, and was glad she didn't ask. I flipped off my alarm with my mind, and untangled myself from her arms and legs. "I'd better get ready for class. I have my last two finals today."

Gina smoothly got out of my bed, and if she hadn't just given me a great blowjob, the mere sight of her body would have had me ready to go. I recalled all of the events from yesterday, and really hoped that she would be okay. If last night was any indicator, she was a tough woman.

Robin had some coffee going when we left my room, and the two women chatted amiably, while I ate my cereal. Dennis came out of the bathroom, and walked over to me.

"Hey, I've been meaning to talk to you." I looked up at him, curious as to what he wanted. "Remember all those people I was telling you about? The ones with special abilities?" Gina started to choke on her coffee, and Robin had to pat her on the back. Dennis, thankfully, didn't notice. "Well, it looks like there are getting to be more and more of them. And get this, the girl in India who could fly volunteered to have her DNA checked. I guess people were starting to call her a demon, or an alien or something. I dunno. But anyway, she is definitely human. No one can figure out why or how she can fly. The weirdest thing is that these freaks are popping up all over the world. What do you think it means?" I didn't like the term 'freak,' but decided not to mention it to him.

"I dunno. Maybe it's some vast alien conspiracy to take over the world with super-mutants," I tried to laugh as I said it, though I was afraid it sounded forced. Maybe if I made a joke of it, he would think of something else. Thinking of the flying girl, I was glad that the human race hadn't yet fully mapped out the human genome.

My ruse worked. "I thought you would be interested in something like this, not make a joke out of it."

"Sorry," I told him sincerely, "I actually looked up some of them the other day. I believe something is going on, but how would I know what it was?" Because I am part of it, I thought, but didn't supply the answer to him.

Gina offered to drive me to class, and I accepted. "Does anybody else know about you?" She asked as she turned the corner.

"You're the only human I've told," I said, hoping she wouldn't pick up on the distinction.

"Really? Not even Shanna?" I shook my head. "Wow. Thank you. So..." she trailed off, and I wondered what she was going to say next. "You're going to hang out with Shanna tonight, right? I heard you on the phone last night."

I felt foolish and guilty, but I had made plans with the brunette, to celebrate the start of the holiday break.

"Umm, yeah..." I replied sheepishly.

Gina laughed and patted my leg, though the laugh sounded slightly forced. "Relax. I don't have a claim on you and I don't own you. Maybe one day... But for right now, I'm just glad I have you as I do. You've trusted me with a secret no one else knows, and you've been there for me when I've really needed you." But I hadn't been there when she'd been kidnapped, I berated myself. "How could I be jealous of her?" I wondered if she was trying to convince me or herself. "What are you doing for the holidays?" Gina asked as she changed the subject.

"I'm headed down south to spend it with my family."

"Oh... Okay. Will you be back soon?" I could hear the disappointment in her voice. While I felt bad for letting her down, there wasn't much I could do about it.

"I'll be gone for about a week, coming back just after New Year's." Part of me hated to leave her for that long, worried about her well-being, but I hadn't seen my family since the summer.

Gina sucked in her bottom lip as she pulled into the parking lot. "I don't want to be a pain...but...um... Do think your parents would mind... if..." I knew what she was asking, and was fairly certain they wouldn't mind, but wanted to be sure first.

"I'll see what they say, but what about your mom? Won't she be lonely?" I didn't want Nancy to go without seeing her family.

"I'm sure she won't mind, if you're there to ask her. She really likes you. I'm just afraid of being away from you for that long." Her voice had gained a tremulous quality to it. "What if Derek comes back?"

"He can't hurt you anymore. I promise." But I promised to see what I could do. I guess she was still healing after all.

Robbie saw me getting out of Gina's car, and while he frowned at her for a moment, when he walked over, he greeted her cordially enough.

"I don't know how or what you did, but thank you, Nick." He grabbed my hand, and shook it in a tight grip that last week would have crushed my hand, but this week, mine seemed just as firm. "Friends?"

"Friends," I replied, glad to turn this long-term enemy into an ally. And to think, all I had to do was get special abilities, steal his girlfriend, shame him, and then set him up with the head cheerleading snob. Easy!

We went our separate ways, and I went to my first class. Shannon saw me after I was done with my final, and came up to me.

"So, are we still on for tonight?" She asked, and despite how identical she looked to her sister, Shanna, it took me a second to realize what she meant.

"I have plans with Shanna tonight. Why, what's up, Shannon?" I smiled at the shocked look on her face. I was glad I'd put that switch in Shanna so that I could tell the two apart.

"How can you do that? Even our parents have a hard time telling us apart...unless we're naked." I couldn't help but grin at her consternation.

"Naked, huh? That might be fun. What's different then?" I had to admit I was curious.

Her confusion turned to a sly grin before she answered. "I guess you'll just have to find out. See you tonight Nick." She gave my ass a squeeze as she walked by. I turned around and watched that nice ass of her own as she left. Was it just me or did it seem like her hips had a little extra sway in them?

I wondered what I'd set myself up for tonight.

My last final was after lunch, so I went back to the library, to see if I could come up with any ideas for defeating the demons. I started doing Google searches for ways that aliens were defeated in popular sci-fi. I didn't think I could create a virus that would kill them, computer or biological, and I didn't have some genius pre-teen boy to lead a fleet against them. Somehow I doubted that nukes would be strong enough, and in the end, I walked to lunch and then my last class with no better ideas, than I'd walked in with.

I was going to have to talk it over with Lela, but she'd left me alone last night, and I didn't know why. Was she jealous over Shanna and Gina? She hadn't talked to me yesterday either when she helped me save Gina from Derek. I was worried that my mistake might have something to do with it as well. What must she think of me? Probably, that I'm a brutish human, barely better than the demons.

But, I hoped she thought we were better than the demons.

I actually had to struggle through my last final, but was glad when it was done.

Lindsey, Brent's sister, followed me out.

"That was a tough one, huh?" I hadn't noticed her since the night at her brother's party, and the image of her brother crawling on top of her filled my mind for a moment, before I could dispel it.

"Yeah, I think it was my hardest one." I turned to start walking home, but she followed after me.

"Hey, I, um, wanted to talk to you. About last Saturday?" I knew what she was going to say, so wanted to alleviate her concerns.

"Don't worry. I haven't told anyone, and quite honestly I don't mind." Especially not after what had happened with Gina, Nancy, and me. I didn't tell her that it had actually turned me on, also.

She gave me a funny stare for a moment. "Oh, that. Yeah, I was surprised it happened, too. I never thought of him that way until that night. Thanks for not telling anyone. But what I meant was, about Shanna. That was really her sister Shannon. I've seen them both in gym, and you can tell the difference if you know where to look."

This was twice now I'd heard that, and my curiosity was piqued. Just as I got ready to ask her though, she turned away from me, and took off, yelling, "Thanks again!"

I shook my head as I walked home. That was an odd and very random encounter. But I didn't think about it too much and turned my thoughts once again to Shanna and Shannon. Was there a mole or a birthmark one had, that the other didn't? If the opportunity arose, I was going to find out.

As soon as I walked into the apartment, I went to shower. Thoughts of being in there with Gina last night floated through my head, but I tried to douse them as I washed. Once I was all dried out and dressed again, I went through my game collection, pulling my favorites out, before realizing that we hadn't decided on where we would have our gaming marathon.

I called Shanna up, to ask her.

"Well, last time we played at your place, so why don't we do it here?" She asked me. "Besides, I have the bigger TV." I couldn't argue with that logic. "By the way, I just have one question."

"Yeah?" I asked, wondering what she wanted to know.

"Why aren't you over here yet?" she asked. I laughed as I hung up the phone, grabbed my games, and since I didn't know how long I'd be staying, a bag of clothes and toiletries.

Shanna didn't live too far away, but the drive seemed to drag on, I was in such a rush to get there. Just as I was parking, I got a text from Gina, "Have fun tonight, and don't forget me. XOXOXO"

I smiled, and was thankful that she wasn't trying to control me. I'd thought of her as clingy and needy only a few days ago, but that opinion was starting to change. She seemed like a sweet and caring girl, but at the same time, just wanted someone to be with her and protective of her.

I felt one of my switches approach the door a moment before it opened. Shanna looked at me, and she was wearing the same clothes Shannon had worn earlier today.

"If you know who I am, you get a kiss." She smiled widely at me.

I decided to play along. "Hmm, let's see. I talked with Shannon earlier today, and she was wearing that outfit, so I'm going to go with Shanna."

"Nope! You—Hey! How did you know?" She had thought she had me, but her disgruntled look only made me laugh.

"I believe you owe me a kiss," I told her, instead of answering her question.

One side of her mouth quirked up in a half smile, as she batted her long lashes at me. She stepped up to me quickly, and gave me a quick peck on the lips. I tried to catch her, but she spun away too quickly, and ran inside.

I smiled ruefully as I followed. She hadn't told me what KIND of a kiss...

Shannon was setting out Doritos and handed me a Mountain Dew when I walked into the main room.

"I saw you and Lindsey talking today. Are you two a thing now?" She asked curiously. I wondered what she was driving at.

"No, she just wanted to make sure I knew it had been you at Brent's party, is all." I replied while I cracked open the soda.

"One of these days, Nick, you're going to tell me how you can tell us apart," Shanna said, coming out of her room, and pulling down a different shirt. I had to laugh when I read it. It said: "These are not the boobs you're looking for," with arrows pointing to each breast. "So, which game am I going to humiliate you in, first?"

I laughed again, "You pick. That way it will be more humiliating when I stomp you."

Both twins laughed, and I realized that even their laughter was the same. With either one, I thought it sounded almost musical.

We spent the next few hours playing various games, and while I held my own well enough, sometimes the girls would team up on me, and then I stood no chance. Both of them were excellent gamers. I briefly wondered how rare it was to find girls as beautiful as them who were also gamers.

As the sun went down, one of them put a beer in front of me (I wasn't paying attention to which one, being too absorbed in defeating her sister), and I didn't realize what it was until I took my first swallow. I choked as the unexpected flavor hit my throat, and my game character was defeated.

"That was a cheap trick," I complained, as I tried to clean the beer off of my chin.

"Oh, I'm sorry. We thought you were old enough to handle alcohol," Shanna teased, and I realized it had been her that'd given me the beer.

"We can make some Kool-Aid, if you prefer," her sister taunted right after.

Shanna was just within arm's reach, and this time I succeeded in snatching her wrist before she could get away. Growling, I pulled her down into my lap, and started tickling her sides.

"I'll show you what I can handle!" I exclaimed, as Shanna went into hysterics at my tickling touch.

A pillow hit me in the face, a moment before Shannon tackled me, giving Shanna the opportunity to slip away. The attack had been too sudden, and Shannon pulled away as well, before I could get a hold of her.

Shanna was breathing heavily, as she looked at me. She was trying to look cross, but the smile behind her long lashes gave away her true feelings. So did her 'happy' switch.

"I want to play a different game," she said finally, as her breathing came under control. By her tone, I knew she didn't mean a different video game.

"What did you have in mind?" I asked, my curiosity piqued.

"We go into my room," she said, indicating her sister and her, "and come out wearing something different, and you have to guess who we are, as we come out, one at a time. If you get it right, we have to remove one article of clothing, keep it off, and take a drink. If you're wrong, you have to."

I knew I couldn't lose that game. "That's not fair. I'll never lose, and you'll just cheat," I exclaimed.

"We never cheat!" argued Shannon, but I looked at the beer that had distracted me, and watched her cheeks flush red. "We'll mark the inside of one of our hands, so that you can't see it when we come out, but that way we'll have proof when you're wrong."

"You don't understand," I tried to say. "I always know who I'm talking with now. You'll never win." They must have thought I was just bragging, like I'd been doing all night, because they still insisted on doing it.

I put a circle on the inside of Shanna's hand, and an X on Shannon's. The two brunettes walked into Shanna's room, and one of them walked out a few minutes later.

"Shanna," I said without hesitation, feeling the happiness switch in her drop as she lost the round. She took off one of her shoes and took a sip of beer, before walking back into the bedroom.

Shannon came out next, without wearing any shoes, but she ended up losing as well. She claimed that her shoe was already off, so that counted, and I didn't argue. I felt guilty, because I truly couldn't lose this game.

Soon enough, both women were completely naked, and slightly tipsy.

"That really is no fair," Shanna complained, stamping her foot. "How do you know?"

My eyes were roaming both of their bodies, trying to see the one difference in the two, which had been hinted at more than once today, but couldn't see anything. The two were as identical as my eyes could make out.

"Maybe I can read minds," I joked, realizing that I should have thrown a few of the guesses. They had tried every trick they could think of to fool me, but they couldn't change that one switch.

"We've never lost," Shannon complained, and I wondered how many times they'd done this.

"I tried to warn you. I KNOW." Then I had an idea. "How about all or nothing?" I asked.

The twins looked at one another, then back to me, with identical stares. "Go on," Shanna said.

I took a deep breath before I spoke. I wasn't near as tipsy as they were, and didn't know how they would react. "I understand that there is a difference between you two, that can only be seen when naked. Since you are already naked, if I can figure out what it is, I get a REAL kiss from each of you. If I fail, I have to down a whole beer, and completely strip."

Shannon's eyes grew large as she smiled widely, and she said, "Done!"

I was afraid she had accepted that too easy. How small of a difference was it? I stood up and approached them, but they backed off. "What are you doing?" Shanna demanded.

"I have to examine you," I told her.

Shanna succumbed to my argument, and this time they stood still as I walked up to them.

I ran my hands along their stomachs first, but both felt the same: smooth and flat. I walked behind them, and checked out their backs, but still no discernible difference.

I copped a feel of each ass cheek, making them both jump as I did it. Walking back to the front, they were both clean-shaven. I hefted each of their breasts, and still I couldn't figure out what was different. Their legs looked the same, their toes, everything. The only difference I could find in either one was the switch I'd made in Shanna, and that didn't count.

I examined them once more, but with the same result. Finally, defeated, I gave up.

"I can't tell. You win." I said. I wondered if they noticed the incongruity of what I said. Here I was, easily able to tell the two of them apart thanks to the switch I made. But I just told them that I couldn't find any physical differences between them. How can I tell them apart then? It may have been the alcohol affecting them, but I wasn't about to complain.

Shannon handed me my beer, and I downed it, before removing my clothes.
