 I stepped out of the shower, only to find Gina waiting for me in my room.

"Remember to open the door for her, and do everything you can to treat her like a lady," she told me, as though I didn't already know. I was getting ready for my date with mom, and for some reason, Gina had gotten it into her head that I didn't know how to treat a woman, properly. "You may be tempted to use your switches on her, but avoid it if you can." There was only one switch in my mother right then, and I couldn't move it, unless I was in physical contact with my sister, as that was when I'd made the switch.

"I know, I know," I protested. "Now are you going to get out so I can get dressed, or do you plan on watching me?" I should have known the answer before I asked.

"I'm staying, of course. Look, I just want to make sure every goes good for her tonight. She is a strong woman, but I can see she is still hurting inside." How could she tell that? I had tried to keep an eye on her myself, but she seemed to be handling my dad's leaving better than I would have thought. Was it some kind of feminine intuition?

"I promise I will do everything in my power to make tonight a good night for her," I realized what I said a moment after her eyes went wide. "I meant I would do what I could, WITHOUT using my powers." Gina then spent the next twenty minutes critiquing everything I tried to wear, until she was finally satisfied with my raiment.

When I finally made it out of my room, mom was nowhere to be found, and an idea occurred to me, to try to make this more like a date. I slipped outside; catching my breath in the frigid cold. I went to my car, and grabbed a small bouquet I had purchased earlier, and then rang the doorbell.

Gina and Summer both answered the door, and grinned widely when they saw it was me.

"Hello young ladies," I told them, unable to hide my own grin, "I believe I have a date with the lady of the house. Is Mrs. Xavier here?"

"Mom, your date is here," Summer called over her shoulder loudly, and then turned back to me. "You'd better treat her right, tonight, Mister." We all laughed, but the laughing stopped when mom walked out. 

Mom looked absolutely stunning, in a black shimmery dress, that hugged her curves all the way down to her ankles. She was wearing matching high heels, but I couldn't seem to pull my eyes away from the low V-cut of her dress that showed her cleavage nicely. She did a little spin when she saw us looking, spreading her arms out and smiling. It was also a backless dress.

"You like?" she asked, with a small sparkle in her eyes. "Summer helped me pick it out."

My throat was dry, and I couldn't get any words out. Summer had helped her pick that out? She looked like an mature sex goddess, ready to ravage the town! She looked ten years younger. She looked... She looked... Dammit, she looked delicious!

I had to clear my throat a couple of times, to get it working again which set the two younger women giggling, and mom to blushing. "Shall we, milady?" I asked as I held my arm out to her.

She took it in her hand, a huge grin splitting her beautiful face, and we went out to my car.

"We really don't need to go there tonight if you don't want to," she told me as I pulled out of the driveway. "I know how expensive it is, and it was the girls' idea, more than mine."

I knew it had been the two other women, helped some by Nancy, who had come up with the idea of going to the fanciest restaurant in town, and while it meant I would have to dip into my savings, I didn't mind at all. I knew she really needed this right now. 

As promised, when we arrived at the restaurant, I made sure to open the doors for her, and the reservation was under Mr. Xavier. My dad's name was rather well known, so it had been no problem getting us a table.

When I opened the menu, however, I had to stifle a groan; it was more expensive than I'd thought.

"We really don't have to eat here, son," mom told me as she looked over her menu.

"I promised you a date to anywhere you wanted, so this is fine," I told her, meaning it. My savings could handle it. "Besides, when was the last time you went out, and had a good time?"

She thought about it for a bit, before looking me in the eyes, and telling me, "Last Christmas, when we had our date then."

I smiled, remembering the simple date at a local fast food joint, and then ice-skating afterwards. "I remember. You skated circles around me, and laughed every time I fell down."

Mom smiled again and we both laughed, until she looked back down at the menu. "Everything looks so expensive, son. I don't dare order anything."

I reached out, and pulled the menu from her hands, which unfortunately revealed her cleavage, and I had to look away before I got caught staring. "Then I will order for my beautiful date, tonight." She tried to protest, but I wasn't going to have it. 

When the waiter came and took our order (and stare at my mom), she complained again. "I saw that on the menu. That is too expensive, son. And the champagne? Son, I know you can't afford this." She looked around at those close to us, before leaning over and whispering, "We should go, now, before he comes back with our food." Unfortunately her leaning over only brought my attention back to her open cleavage.

To say I was shocked to hear my own mother recommend ditching after ordering would be an understatement. To see her bending over in that dress set my heart to racing.

"Relax, and enjoy the night, mom. I've got this." But she didn't seem to want to listen.

"At least let me pay for some of it," she insisted.

"Mom, if this were a date with dad, would you be so worried?" She shook her head. "Then enjoy the food, and hopefully my company, and let me take care of the woman that has meant the most to me, throughout my life."

She sat back then, and looked at me wide-eyed for a few seconds, before saying, "The most... What about Gina?"

I heaved a sigh before answering. "I won't deny we fool around," it felt odd talking to my mother so openly about it, but she had to know by now that we were doing it, "but other than that we are just friends." The waiter arrived and poured us the champagne, and then left the bottle with us on ice. That bottle was as much as half a paycheck for me. I took a sip of mine, and smiled, before continuing. "You have loved and cared for me my entire life. Even when I was a kid and screwed up, you were there for me. When I was hurt, or alone, I could always count on you." I looked her hard in the eyes, and smiled, "So just sit there, and let me take care of you for once."

She met my gaze for a few seconds, taking a sip of her drink. "And what about Nancy?"

I choked, trying to take a swallow. "Nancy?" I spluttered.

"I'm sorry," her cheeks were turning red. "I shouldn't have said anything. It's just, well, she told me about what you all did. Oh, don't give me that look. I'm not so innocent, myself." I looked at her curiously, still trying to clear my throat, but to no avail, "I know who tucked me in that first night and I remember what I did, also."

Thankfully I didn't have anything in my mouth at that moment, because I would have likely spewed it all over the table. She remembered kissing me? And by the sound of it, it had been no accident.

I was saved from having to say anything immediately, by the waiter bringing our food. He gave mom a little more attention than was necessary. I started to get a bit annoyed by him, but he finally left us to eat. It smelled great, but I was a bit disappointed by how little there was on the plate.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have told you that," mom said, after a few seconds of uncomfortable silence. "You probably think less of me now, and I've ruined our date." She looked down at her plate, and suddenly I felt terrible for her.

I reached across the table, and gripped one of her hands in mine, but she continued to look down at her cleavage. "Mom, you are a beautiful woman. I would have to be a fool to be upset by a kiss from someone as hot as you." She finally looked back up at me, and I could still see some worry in her eyes.

"I'm not that, son. You don't have to lie to me. I'm old, and used. That's why your dad did...why he did what he did." Her voice was soft as she spoke, but I had no problem hearing her.

"No!" I exclaimed indignantly. "Haven't you noticed how the waiter looks at you? He can't stop staring. Look, he's even staring now," I waved to where our waiter stood, looking at our table, before turning back to mom. I couldn't claim she was young, not with the crow's feet at the corners of her eyes, but I couldn't stand to hear her get down on herself for what dad did, either.

I knew I'd promised not to use my abilities on her, but I figured this would be forgivable. I made two quick switches, one for the elasticity of her skin, and one for her aging. I turned up the former, and slowed down the later. I couldn't touch her 'happy' switch.

"Dad was an idiot for what he did to you," I went on. "You look absolutely stunning tonight. Any man would be lucky to sit in my seat right now, across from you. But it just so happens to be that I'm the lucky one and I WILL NOT complain." I tried to sound forceful, willing her to understand what I was telling her.

She smiled tremulously at me, before dropping her gaze down to her plate. "Let's eat," she said then, and I figured she just wanted to change the subject.

The food tasted as good as it smelled, and thankfully it was a little more filling than it looked. Mom filled up her glass of champagne one more time, but otherwise refrained from drinking more. Since I was driving, I only drank the one glass.

"Did you really mean what you said," mom asked as she finished up her plate, "about you being the lucky one?"

I looked at her across from me, at the way the dress hugged her curves, her beautiful cleavage, the shape of her lovely face that I have known my entire life, and answered honestly.

"Do you want to know what my first thought was when I saw you come to the door? I thought you looked like a sex goddess. You are smart, beautiful, and sexy. I absolutely meant what I said about me being lucky enough to be here with you tonight."

As I spoke, I watched her face for signs of anger, but only noticed her cheeks reddening slightly.

The waiter returned, asking if we wanted anything for desert.

"No," mom said, keeping eye contact with me and her tone level, "I think we are fine, if we could have the bill please?" The waiter nodded and left. "Son, hand me the keys, please. I will go wait in the car."

I had over done it, I feared. I nodded as I reached into my pocket to draw out my keys, and handed them to her. She stood, walked over to me, and leaned over to give the top of my head a kiss. I had a great view of her cleavage, but right then, I couldn't think of anything but that I had somehow hurt her.

Her next words only served to confuse me. "Thank you, son."

I paid as soon as the waiter brought the bill, and he gave me a dirty look when he saw that mom was gone. The meal wasn't cheap, but then again, I'd known it wouldn't be. I probably left a worse tip than he'd deserved, but he HAD annoyed me. I grabbed the bottle of champagne as I left.

When I walked out, I was surprised to see mom in the driver's seat, and waiting for me with the engine running. I got into the passenger seat, and mom put the car in drive. I didn't know what to say to her, and she didn't try talking to me either. It took me a bit to notice that she wasn't driving home. When she finally did stop, my heart was racing, and even my hands felt sweaty.

We were in a motel parking lot. The same motel I had found dad cheating on mom in, and later that night fooled around with Summer.

The silence dragged on for a while, but I didn't know what to say, or even think. Mom was finally the one to break it.

She was alternating between looking from the steering wheel, and to the motel office, as her voice came out, cracked and hesitant. "This was a...a mistake... We should go."

I don't know what made me do it, but I reached over, and before she could put my car in reverse, I pulled out the keys.

"I'm going to go pay for a room," I told her, wondering what she might say or do. "I'll leave you the keys to my car, and you can either come in, or go home. I won't think any less of you, no matter what you decide."

Without looking back, I walked to the office, and paid for a room for the night. When I walked back out, mom was still waiting in the car, and I could feel her eyes on me as I walked to the room and unlocked the door. I looked back at her one last time, before I walked in and turned on the lights.

I sat on the stiff queen-sized bed, as I waited. After a few minutes passed, I turned on the TV. Had I made another mistake? Did I misunderstand what she'd had in mind? As the minutes wore on, I wondered if mine and mom's relationship was forever damaged. 

When the knock finally sounded on the door, it scared me half out of my wits. On shaky legs, I stood and walked to the door, half-afraid that it was room service, or the manager telling me my date had left me here.

Opening the door, I was almost tackled as mom threw her arms around my neck, and pressed her lips firmly to mine. The cold air followed us in, until the door closed, but I barely noticed it, as her tongue slipped between my lips to be met by mine. I could taste the champagne on her mouth, and wondered if there was any left in the bottle. For a second I worried that she was only doing this because she was drunk, but I remembered that she had brought us here while still sober.

Her hands weren't idle while we kissed, and she soon had my shirt up over my head, and then off. The bed hit the backs of my legs, and I fell backwards. Without saying a word, the older woman's hands started fussing at my belt, and she nearly ripped my pants off of me.

She stood there, staring at my manhood, her mouth slightly askew. "Forgive me, Nick, but I want this. I really want this. You can hate me tomorrow, but please love me tonight."

I stood back up, and hugged her body to mine. "There is nothing to forgive. I want this, too."

Her eyes looked wonderingly into mine, and I saw tears starting to form. I kissed each of her eyes, as I let my hands pull the zipper in the back of her dress down. It soon puddled on the floor with a soft sigh, as our lips met again. Our tongues fought desperately against each other, both vying for dominance; neither willing to submit.

I grabbed the back of her head, and fell back, pulling her down on top of me. She grunted at the impact, but it turned to a moan, as my hands roamed her back, and dropped to her rear. At first I thought she wasn't wearing any panties, but then I felt the thin bit of thread, and realized she was wearing a G-string.

For some reason, the thought of my mother in that type of sexy underwear turned me on even more.

"Love me tonight, Nick," she repeated breathlessly. "Love me like I haven't been loved in years."

Mentally cursing my father for mistreating this wonderful woman, I rolled us over, and started kissing down her bare chest. Her nipples were already hard, as they topped her tits, and I took one between my teeth, while I let my left hand drop down to her covered mons.

She started to moan softly, but as I continued to lick and nibble her bosom, and rub her pussy, her volume increased. I broke away from her nipples, and kissed my way down her smooth stomach, to the tops of her panties, and then further. I could easily smell her arousal, and see where her panties had a wet spot already growing. I gave her knickers a quick kiss, before pulling the cloth aside, and diving in. She tasted so sweet and warm, that I started to moan as I drove my tongue in as far as it would go.

"Oh, Nick, thank you! Oh, Nick, oh Nick, OH NICK!" Her hips were lifting up and down against my mouth, and I pulled my tongue out, and sucked hard on her clit, bringing her over the edge. I slipped two fingers into her, and felt how tightly her muscles squeezed the invading digits. I crooked my fingers, trying to find her G-spot, as I started to pop her clit between my teeth. Her words were unintelligible, as she moaned, and soaked my fingers in her juices. "Oh, son. I never knew. I never knew it could feel like this," she told me as I started kissing my way back up her body.

I brought my wet lips to hers, and we started kissing again. I started to rub my cock against her panties, but she broke the kiss, and pushed my chest away a bit. "We don't have to do this," her voice was uncertain and tremulous. "You have already done enough for me tonight. Maybe we'd better stop before we do something we'll regret."

I looked deep into her eyes, and could easily see the desire there, screaming to get out, warring with her fear and trepidation, and knew that she had a loose grip on her control.

"Do you want this?" I asked, bumping my cock against her vulva.

"Mmm, yes I do. Gawd help me, but I want this. Ahh... But it's wrong. It's incest... Hmm... Please, Nick...ahh" As she talked, I continued to rub myself against her. "You feel so good. I... No we shouldn't. Ungh. But...Nick," she grew quiet for a second, and I barely heard her next words, "make love to me, son."

Hearing her give into her desires, I pulled the thin cloth of her G-string aside, and slipped a couple inches into her before she could change her mind. Her insides felt like they were on fire as they wrapped around my member. Her head rolled back, and her fingernails dug into my ass, as she tried to pull me deeper. I pulled out a little, and then slid a bit further in, loving how mom moaned with every movement.

I looked down to where the two of us were joined, and couldn't believe that I was actually in the hole that I'd been born from. I was making love to my mother, and she loved it at least as much as I did.

"I can't believe I have my son in me," she cried out, as I slid most of my length back into her. "I can't believe I am going to cum with his penis in me."

I dropped my head to her neck, and nibbled lightly on her sensitive flesh. I felt the last of my cock slip fully into my mothers' tight, burning hot, pussy, and moaned at how wonderful it felt. I held still there for a few seconds, reveling in the completeness I felt with her.

I felt her teeth on my neck for a second, before her lips brushed my ear. "No regrets, tonight, son. Just, please love me. As long as you love me, there can be no regrets."

I lifted my head, and looked down at her. "I will always love you, mom. Always." I dropped my mouth back down to hers, and started to move my hips again. I move with fast, powerful strokes, and soon mom had to break away from the kiss in order to breath and moan.

I rolled us back over, not breaking our connection, and then pulled her chest to my mouth. I latched onto her nipple, sucking hard on her soft breasts, while I gripped her hips, and forced her to rock back and forth on top of me.

"So deep... My son is so deep inside of me," she cried out.

I reached between us, and started to play with her clit. The sudden stimuli against her already sensitive organ triggered another orgasm, and she collapsed onto my chest, panting heavily. I was close, and I knew there was no slowing down, so I grabbed her cheeks, and started to thrust upwards as fast and hard as I could. I began to jerk and thrash under her, as I emptied my balls into her hot, wet, demanding womb.

Out of breath, we just lay there, cuddling with one another, and enjoying each other's warmth. Mom was the first to talk, breaking the blissful silence.

"You shouldn't have cum in me," she said placing a kiss on my chest. "Next time we will need to use protection."

Horror struck, I began to worry. Had I just gotten my mom pregnant? Why hadn't I pulled out? I had just acted without thinking, and...
