 Nightmares filled my dreams. Explosions, death, and cries for help haunted me, as I tossed and turned, trying to escape from the horrors filling my sleep.

The worst part was that it was the demons dying that I was dreaming about. I had killed for the first time in my life, and no matter the fact that it had been them or me; my conscience wouldn't let me rest. I watched again and again as one of the short muscled red creatures got sucked out of their airlock and floated through space. When it had actually happened, it had been completely quiet, but my mind added sounds now, as the creature screamed its last. It saw me looking at it, and somehow swam through the nothingness of space towards me, its dead eyes locked on where I floated. My body was frozen, unable to move or try to get away. Cold, lifeless hands gripped me, and started shaking me violently, trying to take from me the life I'd stolen from it.

"Wake up!" The creature cried at me, the voice oddly familiar and higher pitched than I would have expected from a creature like this. "He won't wake up."

Only I was awake... Wasn't I? I opened my eyes to see everyone standing over me, worry creasing their brows, and fear filling three sets of eyes. Summer had me by the shoulders, and was still shaking me.

"I'm awake," I grumbled, my head throbbing.

"We've been trying to wake you for a bit," mom looked at me worriedly. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah," I tried to reassure her, but I had to stay quiet, as my head was throbbing too much to speak too loudly, "I was just having nightmares, and my head hurts."

"Nightmares?" Mom's worry seemed to increase markedly. "About last—" she cut herself off, looking around at everybody else, and I realized what she'd been about to ask. She was worried I was having nightmares about making love to her last night.

"No, just monsters, and stuff," I mumbled, wanting to roll over, but not daring to go back to sleep, no matter how tired I felt. The monster I'd dreamt about was me, and I didn't want to face that again.

"Oh, okay," mom said, sounding somewhat relieved.

"I got a call from the hospital," Nancy said, talking for the first time, "I have to go back," she replaced my sister on the bed, and felt my head and cheeks. "You don't feel like you have a fever, but I don't trust you're well enough to drive, especially not in this weather."

I turned and looked out the window, but all I could see was white. It took me a moment to realize that that was ALL there was to see.

"I can drive," I told her, knowing that if her job had called her in, then the hospital must be in need of her. I tried to sit up, and throw off my covers, but she placed her hand on my chest, and shoved me back down. I was so weak, that I couldn't even fight her.

"You're staying in bed," mom said. "I can drive them up, and come back down. Your sister can stay and take care of you until I get back."

I nodded, knowing that I didn't have the strength to argue. They left me to get some more rest, but sleep was the last thing I wanted right then.

Gina came in to give me a kiss, and tell me she was going to go with her mom. Nancy and mom came in at the same time to say goodbye, and I could tell that mom wanted to talk to me, probably about last night, but didn't dare say anything with Nancy there, so kissed my brow, and told me to get feeling better soon.

I barely heard them leave through the falling snow, before Summer walked in, with what I thought was hot cocoa. It was, but it was also spiked with coffee.

"You probably don't want to go to sleep right now. I know how I get after I've had bad dreams, and I figured this would help keep you warm, also," she told me when I looked at her questioningly after my first sip.

"Thanks," I told her, feeling grateful.

"Hey, I know you're into some geeky stuff, so this might interest you, but apparently some sort of satellite fell out of orbit, and blew up in the sky last night. The government hasn't said which one yet. Isn't that cool?" I knew she was just trying to cheer me up, but I also knew that that was no satellite that'd exploded. It had been full of little alien creatures that I had killed.

I groaned, and rolled over, setting my drink on the nightstand. I felt the bed shift, as Summer laid down next to me, and put her arms around my waist.

"I know you're not feeling good, but we haven't talked about what happened the other night. In fact, we haven't talked much at all, since then. Are you okay?" I could hear the concern in her voice, and despite my miserable mood, I hated to hear her down.

Rolling over, I looked her in the eyes, and tried to smile. "Sorry, I guess it has kind of been a bit hectic around here lately." I gave her a quick peck on the lips, to let her know I had no issues with what'd happened on Christmas Eve between us. As our lips touched, I was able to sense most of my switches, and knew that mom was driving slowly through the snow. "I will always look back on that night fondly." It wasn't until the words were out of my mouth, that I realized how final they sounded.

"So...so you don't want to do it again?" Her brow wrinkled, and I could hear the fear in her voice.

"I do," I promised. "I'm just not up to it right now." Her lips spread in a wide smile that was infectious.

I rolled back over, and when she tucked her hand under me, I could sense all of the switches again, and was thankful that this part of my ability wasn't hurting me. Despite my desire not to go back to sleep and the caffeine in the coffee/cocoa, I was soon snoring away in a dreamless sleep.

When I woke up, I found that Summer had stripped off all but her bra and panties, and crawled under the covers with me. In a panic I looked at the clock, and could see that mom had been gone for almost four hours. She would be back anytime now. I didn't know what she would think if she found us like this, but I didn't want to find out the hard way, either.

As soon as I touched her to wake her up, however, my fears vanished. She was stuck in the snow by the feel of her switches and still with Gina and Nancy. She wouldn't likely be home today. My touch was enough to wake Summer, and she gazed at me with a sleepy smile.

"Mom called and said the weather was too bad to drive back down, so she is staying with Gina and Nancy tonight." When I didn't look surprised, she said, "Oh, I guess you probably figured that out already with your switches." Her brow wrinkled again, and she looked deep into my eyes. "How are you feeling?"

I realized that my headache was gone, and I no longer felt so tired. That nap had done me a world of good. The guilt was still there, but the wound wasn't quite so fresh. Looking off to the side, as if considering my answer, I said, "Well..." and wrapped her in my arms, pulled her tightly to me, and started to tickle her sides.

She squealed as she tried to break away from me, and a couple weeks ago she might have succeeded, but with my current strength, she didn't stand a chance. She kicked her legs, trying to force them between us, but her chest and torso were pressed tightly to me, and she was helpless to my tickling onslaught.

"Stop!" She cried out, when she realized she couldn't break free. "I can't breathe," she squealed louder as I moved my right hand around to her front, and started tickling under her left bra cup, using the strength in my left arm to keep her pressed to me. The new spot was even more ticklish than her sides, and she wailed even more.

Unexpectedly, I felt her lips pressed to mine, and it startled me enough, that I froze. She used the distraction, to pull away, but she kept a grip on my hands.

"You really are feeling better, aren't you?" After the torture I'd just put her through, she was breathing heavily, and smiling widely. "And unless I'm mistaken, that's not the only thing feeling better." Her hand let go of mine and dodged under the covers, gripping my cock through my boxers. I hadn't even realized I'd gotten hard, till her fingers wrapped around it, and squeezed. With that one action, all thoughts of demons, death, and worry fled as I groaned at her touch.

Her smile grew larger, as her hand started to stroke up and down my rod through my boxers. She leaned over, and brought her lips back to mine, causing the awareness of my switches to explode in my head, as her tongue parted my lips. I moaned again, louder this time, as her mouth muscle slid along my teeth, and then darted in, only to find mine coming out to meet her.

Unexpectedly she pulled away from me, and had a worried look on her face. "I'm sorry!" she quailed. "I should have asked. I shouldn't be throwing myself at you like this. You must think I'm a slut..."

"Don't stop now," I pleaded, in answer to her statements. "You're not a slut. You're just my perverted sexy sister, who is just as perverted as I am!"

"You're sure?" Her question was hesitant, but I could hear the hope in it. She placed her hand on my chest, and then yanked it back as if burned when she sensed most of my switches. Her eyes got a suspicious glare in them, before she asked, "How do I know you're not manipulating me with your switches?"

"Take my hand, and tell me if you sense yourself," I told her simply. As soon as she placed her hand in mine, I didn't wait, but pulled her to me, wrapping my arms around her as I kissed her deeply. She melted under my kiss, and I knew she was no longer worried about me manipulating her.

Summer rolled on top of me, without breaking the kiss, and started grinding her panty-covered crotch against my bulging boxers. We both moaned in unison at the connection, before I unsnapped her bra, releasing her nicely tanned tits. 

She broke the kiss then, sitting up, and pressing down hard against my groin. "So, little brother, what do you think of your older sister's tits?"

I openly ogled her, seeing her topless for the first time, and liking what I was seeing. Her breasts weren't as big as Gina's or the twins, but they had a beauty that was all their own. With no tan lines, and her soft curves, Summer was gorgeous.

"I'm wondering why they are up there, and not in my mouth, right now," I answered, pulling her back down to me, so that I could suckle from her teats.

Her hand snaked to the back of my head, and pulled me tighter to her chest, as my hands roamed down her back, to the tops of her panties. Slipping my hands under the hem, I got a good handful of her ass, and started to rock her back and forth.

"Mmm, you really know how to suck tit, Nick. Damn, you're getting me so wet." She moaned loudly as I bit her nipple, before she pressed her hands against my shoulders, and shoved me back down on the bed. She looked me seriously in the eyes, and I could tell she was trying to figure something out. "I still don't think we should go all the way. We are still siblings," she told me, and I felt disappointed, "but that doesn't mean we can't have any fun." Her serious demeanor turned to one of wanton mischief as she ground herself against me.

Before I could give her an answer, she mashed her lips to mine, and started humping me through our underwear. I would have happily entered her, but I wasn't going to go against her will.

I placed my hands against the sides of her chest, and lifted her body, moving it further up the bed. She knew what I was after, and got off me long enough to remove her panties, before sitting on my face. She tasted just as she had on Christmas Eve, and I looked up her body to see that she was rolling a nipple in each hand, as I sucked on her labia. She saw me looking up at her, and smiled, before throwing her head back and moaning, as she pressed her pelvis against my invading tongue.

I threw all of my concentration into pleasing my sister, and sucked hard on her clit, before nibbling lightly on it. She rewarded my efforts with a mouthful of her cum, as she thrashed wildly on top of me.

She got up, and for a second I feared we were done, but she turned around, and then bent over, pulling the top of my boxers down, as she sat back on my hungry mouth. Now in a sixty-nine position, I was soon moaning into her twat, as she sucked me as deeply into her mouth as she could. Considering this was only her second ever blowjob, I had to say she was doing really great. She knew how to use her tongue, but she still used a little too much teeth.

Meanwhile I hadn't been idle, as I'd slipped a couple fingers into her wet snatch, while I continued to flick her clit with my tongue. Her head bobbed up and down my shaft, eliciting moans from me, as I did all I knew how to with my mouth to please her.

Despite how much she'd improved on her technique, I knew it wouldn't be enough to get me off, so I just enjoyed it, while getting her off. After her fourth orgasm on my lips, she got up, and looked at me accusingly.

"You're not enjoying this, are you?" she demanded of me.

"I am!" I told her honestly. "I just want to please you. If I weren't enjoying it, I wouldn't be hard."

She softened somewhat, as I was most obviously hard, before giving me a tender kiss on my lips. She trailed kisses over to my ear, before whispering, "Do you want to do what we did the other night, then?"

I nodded, and she lay down next to me. I crawled on top of her, between her legs, and started rubbing the head of my penis between her soft, wet, petals. She moaned throatily, and started to hunch her hips against me, and it took all of my will not to just shove it in. Her eyes were closed, and she was sucking in her bottom lip, with her light brown hair fanned out along my pillow. She looked so sexy, that I just wanted to dive right in and fuck her brains out. My love for her, as well as her request not to go all the way, is all that stopped me.

I could see her juices leaking out of her, helped by my slippery member.

"Nick?" Her voice was breathy and barely audible.

"Yes, Summer?" I asked, wondering if she was ready to stop. I could always just finish myself off in the bathroom if I needed to, but I'd rather not.

"Fuck me, Nick," her eyes were still closed as she made her demand, and I froze. Had I really just heard her, or was that wishful thinking?

"But you said—" I started, but was cut off as she opened her eyes, and looked directly into mine.

"I said, fuck me!" She emphasized her words by wrapping her legs around my torso, and forcing my hips forward. My cock slipped a couple inches into her tight wetness, before she threw her head back against my pillow and cried out in ecstasy. I waited for her to get used to my girth, before starting to move my hips in slow movements. She was so TIGHT I didn't know how long I would last. "I know I said I didn't want to, but you got me so horny, I couldn't stop myself. Hate me all you want later, but right now, gimme my first fuck from a man!"

I'd forgotten that she had never been with a man before. That would explain why she was so damned tight. She felt like a fiery vise, gripping the few inches that had so far breached into her. She was so warm and wet, I was in paradise.

I dropped my torso down, until we were chest to chest, her ear just a bit from my lips. "I will never hate my sister. How could I, when I was doing everything I could, not to dive right in. Thank you, Summer. Thank you for this gift."

I started to move my hips faster, diving deeper into her, bit by bit with each thrust. It was still slow going, despite how wet she was. She was just too tight.

"I feel so full," she told me, moaning between each thrust. "I love how complete I feel with you in me."

Her mention of feeling complete brought my attention to the sense of my switches. For the first time I could easily sense and even see Lela up in her ship. I truly hoped Summer didn't notice it, and to try to distract her, I started to suck on one of her breasts, while simultaneously twisting her other nipple.

I rolled us over, and sank a little deeper into her, before finally hitting her deepest parts. She shuddered in orgasmic bliss on top of me, and it felt like her pussy had just shrunk, it milked me so forcefully.

For a moment I wondered about her hymen, but assumed she had broken that some time ago.

I still had her nipple between my teeth, but I moved my other hand down to where we were complete, and found her clit. I pressed hard against it, while I dropped my hips, then thrust upwards, striking her womb, before doing it again.

"You're going to make me cum," I told her, not sure if she was on any protection, where she was a self-avowed lesbian.

She didn't say anything but a moan, as she started to cum again, and it was too late anyway. I shot deep into her, increasing her orgasm, and moaning loudly in my own.

As soon as she came down from her high, her look of bliss changed to one of horror. "Nick, why did you do that? I'm not on anything!"

"I tried to warn you," I protested, suddenly feeling like shit.

Her expression changed again, "I'm kidding. Well, kinda. I'm NOT on anything, but it is the wrong part of my cycle, so we should be safe. When you told me you were going to cum, I got so turned on by the thought of my little brother cumming in me, I started to cum harder." I glared at her for her deception, but she kissed me lightly, and then all was forgiven. "I'd better go get cleaned up, just to be safe though. Care to join me in the shower?"

I was in the bathroom, warming up the water, before she had a chance to react. She came in, laughing, and stepped under the nozzle.

I stepped in after her, and grabbed the soap in my hands. Lathering up, I treated my lovely sister by washing her from head to toe, making sure to get into every nook and cranny. I also made sure to get inside her pussy, trying to scoop out all of my cum. She seemed to enjoy it, so I brought her to one more orgasm, before I pulled my fingers out.

We screwed on more time in the shower, and again in the bedroom later on before going to sleep for the night.

As we lay there, trying to fall asleep, the question I feared about Lela, finally came up.

"Is that an alien that has some of your switches in her?" Summer's hand was tracing circles on my hairless chest as she asked me that.

"A-alien?" I spluttered.

"Don't try to fool me," she said, tweaking one of my nipples almost painfully. "I know what I see when we have sex. How did you get a switch in an alien? And I'm assuming it is a female by the breasts. What is she doing, sitting like that? Is she sleeping?" I was surprised at how calmly she was asking me this.

I knew I had to be honest with her. I couldn't deny it now. "She is the reason I have this ability, and why contact with you magnifies it." I explained to her about the dormant gene, and she took it better than I would have expected.

"Why are the aliens activating this gene?" She sounded genuinely curious.

"Little aliens that I call demons, are on their way to Earth, and should be here in less than six months. They will likely kill us and eat us, unless I can come up with an idea on how to stop them." After most of a blissful day of forgetting about my problems, they were all crashing back down on me.

I pictured again the demon getting flung from the airlock with a silent scream, and their ship breaking into a million pieces in a magnificent explosion, that was all my fault.

"Is that why you were having nightmares? You're worried about these demons?" I could hear the concern in her voice, and I truly appreciated it. I hugged her to me for a second, before answering her.

"Kind of... A scout ship arrived yesterday, and I was able to stop them, but it almost killed me."

"You're getting stronger though. I'm sure by the time they get here, you'll be strong enough to take them on." I only wished I could have her confidence, but she couldn't be more wrong.

"You don't understand. I KILLED them last night. They are a sentient race, and I destroyed them," I was nearly yelling now.
