 All I wanted to do was walk into my familiar room, play a few video games, read a comic or two, or maybe even re-watch an episode of Battlestar Galactica. Was that too much to hope for? I could do more research on defeating the demons after a little rest. 

Unfortunately, I'm afraid it was too much to ask, for there was a sock on the doorknob. I was a bit surprised by that, as Dennis and Robin hadn't been too shy in the past, and hadn't cared when Gina and I'd watched them. For a minute or two I stood there, debating on just walking in anyway, but decided that valor was the better part of discretion, and walked back down to my car.

It was New Year's Eve, and my usual tradition was to stay up late playing video games, before going to bed the next morning. Since I didn't know how long my roommate would be, and since gaming was on my mind, I decided to call up Shanna.

"Nick? I'm so glad you called! When are you getting back?" She sounded breathless on the other end of the phone as she excitedly talked to me.

"Well, I'm actually at my apartment now, but Dennis and Robin are currently using it. What are you doing?" I asked her, hoping she would get the hint that I wanted to come over.

"Getting ready for a party tonight. Are you going?" Since there were literally hundreds of parties going on, I had no idea which one she meant, and told her so. "The cosplay New Year's one, silly. What other party would I want to go to?"

What party indeed? I wondered.

"But I don't have a costume out here, and I can't get to the ones in my apartment," I said disheartened. I also couldn't afford one, after all the money I'd spent down south, and didn't think I could find one that would be up to my standards on such short notice.

"Oh, well, if you get the chance to get one, I'd love to go with you," the disappointment in her voice decided me. One way or another, I was going. I only had to get a costume. Well, Dennis will understand if I break this one small convenience. Maybe if I'm quiet, he won't even know I was in there.

I trudged back up the stairs, pulled off the sock, and unlocked the door. Putting the sock back on the knob for good measure, before I quietly slipped into my apartment. I could hear the sounds of my roommate's lovemaking drifting down the short hallway, and was fairly sure they wouldn't be able to hear me.

Confident that I was going to get away with this, I started tiptoeing towards my room. By the sounds they were making, I guessed that he'd left his door open. Just as I walked into the main room, I realized my mistake.

Robin looked up at me, and smiled, as she rode on top of Dennis. They were on the couch, and my roommate had one of her fake tits in his mouth, while she rocked her hips back and forth, moaning loudly. Her red hair was bouncing atop her head, as Dennis thrust into her from below.

"Nick!" Robin exclaimed with a lascivious smile.

"What the..." Dennis started to yell, as he stopped moving, craning his neck around to look at me, as I stood frozen in the entryway. "Dude... Sock!" 

"Sorry," I told them embarrassed. "I just need to get something from my room, and I'll be gone." 

I started to walk past, but the pathway was short, and I had no choice but to walk close to them. I had noticed that despite Dennis stopping his movements, Robin hadn't stopped grinding against my roommate, and she grinned as I tried to slip by. Her hand shot out and grabbed my wrist, halting me.

"Do you have to go so quick?" the redhead asked, and I didn't know what to think. Dennis started to say something, but Robin pulled his head back up to her tit, shutting him up; after a coupe seconds, he started moving inside her again. "Why don't you join us?" Her hand left my wrist, and went to my pants.

"Uh... Dennis," I said, not sure what he would think of this.

Letting go of her nipple just long enough to say, "Whatever, dude," before gripping Robin's hips, and increasing her movements.

Robin moaned loudly at this, and I capitulated. She quickly had my pants down to my ankles, and I kicked off my shoes and then pants. She had a firm grip on my already hard cock, and used it to pull me over to her waiting mouth.

Her lips stretched tight around my head, before I felt her tongue bathe the underside of my penis. Robin was great at giving head, and she elicited moan after moan from me. Her own moans were sending delightful vibrations through my saliva coated rod. If I hadn't had to stop on the drive up here to masturbate, she probably would have had me spewing down her throat. This was the first time I'd ever been with a woman at the same time as another man, but Robin's mouth didn't let me care.

Robin must have been enjoying this a lot as well, because she had three consecutive orgasms, before finally pulling away from my shiny knob, and looking me lustfully in the eyes. "I want to feel this beast in me," she said as she got off of Dennis. I expected her to have me lay down, but instead, she merely turned around, and after a few seconds of fidgeting, had Dennis well seated in her ass.

"Oh, fuck!" Dennis exclaimed. "I love how tight your ass is, dear."

She turned to look at her boyfriend, smiling, "Mmm, and I love how well you fit back there." She turned back to me, still with that hungry grin on her lips. "But right now, I want to see if I can get that thing in my pussy, too. I've never had two men at once. This should be fun."

With her back against my roommate and him buried to the hilt in her ass, I could clearly see her freshly fucked pussy open and waiting for me. I was so turned on by the redhead's brazen nature that I truly didn't care about Dennis being there anymore.

I got onto the couch, between the two sets of legs, and started to rub my saliva slickened penis against her swollen, wet, lips. Robin moaned and closed her eyes as Dennis started to buck beneath her. I timed my own thrust with his, slipping a couple inches into her at once.

Her eyes flew back open, and her arms wrapped around my neck, as she screamed, "Oh gawd, that feels good. I feel so stuffed with both of my holes filled. Fuck me Dennis, fuck me Nick. Use your cocks to make me cream! OH GAWD!"

She mashed her lips to mine in an all-devouring kiss, as I felt her inner muscles contract violently around my rod. I could feel the other man pumping in and out of her colon while she came, but tried to ignore it, as I started to go deeper into this fiery redhead. A small part of me felt bad for kissing another man's girlfriend, but the part of my brain that was doing the most thinking demanded I kiss her back.

Our tongues swirled around each other, as she continued to cum, and I brought one of my hands up to her fake left tit, giving it a good squeeze. Despite the fact that I could see her chest was fake, they felt real enough. I was sawing my hips back and forth, in time with Dennis's movements, and had soon sunk into her as far as I could go, hitting the opening to her womb.

Robin broke off the kiss, when I struck bottom, and reached down to where we were connected. She split her fingers on either side of my cock, and then looked at me in surprise at how much still remained outside of her. At least two inches stood pointing to the strip of red hair above her pussy.

"Oh, fuck, that thing is big," she moaned. I knew Dennis wasn't a small guy himself, and hoped he didn't get jealous of me.

Dennis's hands came around his girlfriend's torso, and started playing with her big tits, replacing mine, so I grabbed her hips, and started driving into her as hard and fast as I could.

"That's it, baby. Fill my ass with your cum," Robin cried out suddenly as Dennis began to grunt. "Oh, it feels so hot in there. You're going to make me cum again!"

This time as her pussy started massaging my phallus, I was too close, and pulled out a second too late. One shot made it off inside her pussy, before I could pull and shoot the rest across her stomach.

Robin was still in the throes of her climax, and I watched as she spread my cum across her stomach, and even fingered herself for a few seconds with her cum covered hands.

Not sure of the etiquette of these things, I quickly got up, gathered my clothes, and went to my room. I got cleaned up as best I could, and was fully dressed again, when a knock sounded on my door.

"Hey, Nick," Dennis said, "we need to talk."

Uh-oh, I thought, here it comes.

I opened the door, half expecting my roommate's fist to come flying at me. His hand did enter, but only because he was holding it out to me. I shook it, and he walked into my room. I could hear the shower going, and knew where Robin was.

"Sorry if that bothered you, man. She's been asking me for that for a bit now. At first I wasn't sure how I would handle it. She tells me she loves me, and I believe her. It was actually kind of kinkier than I thought it would be. Dude, when you went in her, her asshole tightened so much I thought she was going to pinch my cock in two!" I let him ramble on for a bit, glad he wasn't mad at me. "So, how are you handling it?" He finally asked me as he wound down.

"I dunno," I told him honestly. "It was different, and I can't deny I enjoyed it. You have quite the catch on your hands, Dennis."

"Don't I, though?" he said with a foolish grin on his face.

He shook my hand again, smiling, before turning to leave. He stopped in the doorway, looking back at me with a serious look in his eyes. "Thanks for pulling out of her. She doesn't believe in birth control, and we have been lucky so far." I remembered that one shot had made it in her, and remembered how she had fingered herself with my cum, and couldn't speak. I nodded though; glad he couldn't read my thoughts. Thanks to Lela, I knew I was fertile. "One last thing," his face was now stern, "despite what happened in there, if I ever find you alone with her, I'll kick your ass."

He didn't wait for a response, before turning, and walking away. I wasn't worried about him being able to beat me up; between my switches and current strength, he wouldn't stand a chance. I didn't plan on trying to steal Robin from him, though. I already had enough women in my life, and no matter how real her tits felt, I preferred the genuine article.

I looked around my room, and sighed a breath of relief. My vacation had been an eventful one, but not relaxing. It was good to be surrounded by my geek paraphernalia again. Remembering the entire reason I had come into the apartment, despite the dangling sock, I went to my closet to look through my costumes. All of them tied into geek culture in one form or another. My first thought had been to go as Gambit, but with my current muscles, I wasn't quite as lanky and thin as I used to me. I continued to go through my costumes, some were bad for cold weather, though I knew I would be indoors most of the time, some were just too obscure, and other's too worn out. I ended up going as Gambit anyway, trench coat, bow-staff, gloves and all. I even had some contacts, which turned my eyes black, but waited to put those in, as they tended to annoy my eyes if I wore them for too long.

Robin slipped into my room at one point as I was getting ready, and gave me a critical look.

"Who are you supposed to be? A pirate?" she asked solicitously.

"No, mon chere," I said in my best bayou accent, "I be da Gambit." When she continued to look at me I informed her without the accent, "From a comic book series."

"Oh, yeah, the geek thing." She dropped her gaze to my covered crotch, before adding, "Sometimes I forget about that. Especially when it comes to your other attributes." She smiled at me, and I grew nervous, remembering Dennis's warning. Again, I wasn't worried about him, but I didn't care to cross any lines. "Anyway, the reason I came in here, is that I want to clarify something. Despite what happened in there, I love Dennis, and have no intention of trying to get with you on a permanent basis. I'm sorry if we gave you the wrong idea..."

"No," I told her, relieved. "I'm happy for you two. I have plenty to deal with on my own."

"Well don't sound too heartbroken," she complained, and I realized that I'd hurt her ego. She must have expected me to be disappointed, and when I wasn't...

"Not that I would turn you away, if you and Dennis didn't work out," I quickly piped up, trying to sooth her.

"Hmm, well, with a cock as big as yours, you're welcome to join us whenever you like, just don't expect it too often." She winked at me as she turned and walked out, and I thought Dennis was in for on helluva ride with this fiery redhead.

I called up Shanna, to ask if she wanted me to pick her up, or meet her at the party. There was only ever one cosplay party this time of year, and while I'd always known about it, I was never comfortable going alone.

"Come get me, and we can go together," she said, and I could tell that she was excited about me going. "Who are you going as? I want to see if we will match."

"Uh-uh," I told her, smiling though I knew she couldn't see me. "You get ready, and we'll see how well we match when I get there." She protested, but in the end, I won out.

I drove to her place and knocked on her door, and Shannon answered.

"Gambit, huh? Now I know what to dress as!" she told me, grinning triumphantly.

"You're going too, Shannon?" I asked, and laughed when she pouted that I knew who she was.

"How do you DO that?" she demanded, but I just gave her an enigmatic smile in response. "Well, no. I got invited to another party, but I was looking forward to it. Good choice of costume, though, you're a little too well built for it. Gambit is tall, but with your current build, you're a little wider than he is."

"Is that a fat joke?" I asked, poking her in the sides, playfully.

She laughed, and then yelled up the stairs, "Shanna, Nick is here. You're safe to come out." I wondered at the last part, but when I saw Shanna, I understood.

She had dressed up as Rogue, up to and including dying her hair red, except for a white spot in front. Her blue eyes sparkled as she smiled widely, seeing me in my matching outfit. 

"I guess we match after all," I told her, returning the smile. She ran to me, and flung her arms around my neck, before kissing me.

"I've missed you," she said breathlessly.

I wrapped my arms around her thin waist, and loved how her outfit hugged her curves. "Mon, chere, your touch truly does entice da life right outta da Gambit." She laughed at my accent, and I realized just how much I'd missed the sound of her musical laugh. "I've missed you, too. And your cute laugh, and long lashes. Shall we go?" I asked her.

Her mouth moved to a pouty position, and in her Rogue outfit, I thought it was pretty cute. "You don't want to fool around, first?" she asked me.

"Is it always sex with you?" I asked her, remembering when she'd used a similar line on me a while ago.

She laughed at the turnaround, and dragged me out the door.

The party was at a large house, bordering on a mansion, and there was music blaring everywhere, lights flashing, and costumes galore. Considering how cold it was outside, I was surprised at how skimpy some of the outfits were; some of them barely legal in public.

I immediately excused myself to the bathroom, and went to put in my contacts. When I returned, Shanna had moved away from the spot I'd left her at, but I only had to sense for her 'happy' switch to find her.

To my surprise, she was chatting with another Rogue. I grabbed us a couple drinks, and went to go join them. The other Rogue was pretty cute, I couldn't deny, but I could tell she was wearing blue contacts, and a wig. Shanna's costume was better.

Shanna didn't notice I was there, till I handed her a drink.

"Oh, you're back," she said barely glancing at me. "Nick, this is Julia, we have a few classes together." By her tone, it didn't sound like she enjoyed those classes.

"Nick, huh? Cool contacts." Julia said, turning the full effect of her bright blue eyes on me. She placed her hand on my chest, and got a little uncomfortably close, as she gazed into my black eyes. "They could just draw you in, couldn't they?" Her lips parted, and I knew she was giving me the go ahead to kiss her by the way she was looking at me, and the shape she had made of her red lips.

I stepped back, and turned my back on her. I was here with Shanna, and no matter what I may do when I'm not with her, I wasn't going to kiss another woman in front of her.

Shanna looked at me for the first time since I got back, and I saw she was startled by my eyes. She quickly got over it though, as she gave me a quick peck on the cheek and a, "Thank you."

She took my arm, and pulled me away. When we were far enough away, which wasn't too far considering the music, I leaned over and asked what that had been about.

Shanna studied my face for a bit, before answering. "That's just Julia. We've been rivals since elementary school. She has always been jealous of me, and wants whatever I have, including boyfriends." She glared over to where Julia was smiling at us. Apparently the rival knew we were talking about her. I didn't doubt that Julia had been successful in the past at stealing men. Dressed as she was, she looked absolutely stunning. I still found Shanna more attractive, dressed up as a better Rogue, but couldn't deny that the wonton way Julia had acted, had had an effect on me.

One of Shanna's words caught in my mind. "Boyfriend? Is that what I am?"

She studied my face for a bit, before answering with a shy smile. "Maybe... After the way you just turned away from her, it is definitely points in your favor." I looked back over to the other woman, and noticed that her smile had turned a little sour.

I took my date out onto the dance floor, and she laughed at my clumsy attempts at dancing, but I didn't mind, just enjoying the way she sounded, and how her long lashes batted at me.

Julia didn't seem to be done with us though, and at one point, I found myself sandwiched between the two women. They glared daggers at each other, around me, and I really started to get uncomfortable. It didn't help that Julia kept running her hands all over my body.

"Let's go," I told Shanna after Julia had grabbed my crotch for the second time. I'd thought the first time was a fluke, but when she got a firm hold on my cock the second time, I knew it was intentional.

"And let her win?" She shook her head. "I won't let her drive us away. Just ignore her." That was easier said than done.

I pulled Julia's hand off my ass, and gave Shanna a kiss, hoping the other woman would get the hint. When I didn't feel her behind me, I thought she did, until I realized that she had only moved to the other side of Shanna, and was now running her hands all over HER body.

I was utterly confused at this point. What game was Julia playing? And why wasn't Shanna stopping her? When I saw Julia start to kiss Shanna's neck from behind, I grew even more confused, and pulled my Rogue over to me.

"What's going on?" I asked again. "I thought you hated her."

She looked at me a bit dazedly, before looking around, and seeing Julia smiling at us again. "What? Ahh, I mean, yeah, I do. I don't know what she is thinking." She looked at Julia again, a puzzled expression on her face. "Maybe you're right. Let's go. We can see the countdown at my place, and I really want to be alone with you."

I nodded, still uncertain about her answer, but figured if it got us out of this situation, all the better.

We walked out to my car, but Julia was yelling after us. I didn't want to see a cat fight break out, so I tried to hurry us along, but Shanna stopped instead.

Groaning, I decided to try and put an end to this, before it could go on.

"Look, Julia, you're cute and all, but I'm with Shanna. Go bother some other guy." I tried to be nice, but I knew my voice sounded a little harsh in my annoyance.
