 I knew what Ruk would expect once we returned to the tent. Even though I was very tired, I still had a desire. We teased off each other's clothes. Our kisses were the very best yet. I felt a dampness in my loins and my heart beat faster. Ruk worked his tongue over my salty intimacy and made me feel very good indeed. While he worked, I recalled the captain's masculine mouth and lovely teeth. After Ruk sent me to that very happy place, I was atop him suckling his manhood and trying very hard to stop thinking about Ruk's captain. Even so, I knew that my first sharing moon would be quite memorable. I was so focused on that thought that I applied myself to the task of oral love as I never had before. Ruk moaned and his seed filled my mouth, reminding me of the wafer I had eaten earlier in the day at Lara's. His seed went down nearly as well.

"By the goddess, Luz! You are a wonderful wife. I can deny you nothing."

In the soft light of the lamps I smiled at Ruk and gently stroked his hair and softly repeated his name, all the while, my mind wondered what that ever so handsome captain looked like under all of his clothes!

I felt very good indeed that night. Despite the lateness of the hour, we made love three more. When Ruk was not his captain in my mind, he was another man who had paid attention to me. By early morning, however, he was simply handsome Ruk, and that was just fine also. After so many couplings I fell into the deepest sleep of my young life.

I woke up a very long time later. Judging by the shadows in the tent it was well past mid-day when sleep left me. I awoke to an empty tent but I heard Ruk calling to me.

"Wake up beautiful, Luz. I have a present for you!"

I found my brief attire and got dressed. Lara had given me a lovely comb and brush set. I straightened, combed, and brushed my hair and went out to meet Ruk.

He stood outside the tent empty-handed, save a bit of fabric in his left hand.

"It's a surprise." he said as he blindfolded me with the dark cloth, took my hand and took me on a long walk. He shushed me every time I tried to ask questions. I, of course, had no idea where I was, but my nose was filled with the aroma of the stables. All at once my blindfold was pulled away and I found myself facing a very handsome chestnut stallion with a white blaze.

"For you, Luz! Ordinarily, a new bride has to be trained to handle horses and has to wait a year to receive hers, but you, Luz are NOT an ordinary bride. You know as much about horses as I do."

I was rendered speechless. My mind filled with memories of Fig and other horses I had owned, this animal was just as majestic. I gazed at Ruk with tears in my eyes. He slid a horse treat into my palm and I offered it to the beautiful horse. He was gentle as he licked my palm and took the treat. Only then did I notice the woman's riding saddle on his back.

Ruk smiled broadly at me, winked and said, "The horse is a gift. You are going to have to earn the saddle."

I took Ruk in my arms and buried him under kisses.

"That's not bad, Luz, but I will have some suggestions for you later. Will you ride with me now?"

Still too overcome with emotion to talk, I nodded in the affirmative. Ruk helped me mount up. Not far away stood the horse I recognized as his. In less than a moment, he was by my side. I urged the horse I could scarcely believe was mine to follow his out of the enclosure. Riding him felt wonderful. Ruk rode just ahead of me and we engaged in conversation as he led me around the barbarian camp. My appreciation of Ruk swelled enormously. Now, I was SURE I would fall in love with him - probably not too far distant in the future. After circling the encampment, we rode onto the plain. The plains beasts were grazing on some rolling hills not far away. It seemed to me that they were enjoying the barbarian day of rest as much as I was, I noted a post some distance away.

"Race you to the pole!" I yelled at Ruk and took off like a shot.

My husband, like just about every barbarian warrior, was a much better rider than myself. Despite my impressive lead, he soon passed me. Make no mistake, I was a very good rider, probably one of the best female riders my age in the city but barbarians are practically born in the saddle. I thought back to the solo rides I had taken outside the city. For the first time, I realized that not even Fig could have outrun a truly determined barbarian. It pained me to see how foolish and immature I had been tempered by the delight in how much I had grown in just the last few days.

As I reached Ruk at the post, I realized that he was not even winded while I was breathing heavily.

"Since I won the race. I get to decide the prize. I'm taking your ass tonight Luz."

"That seems fair." I replied "Had I won. I would have made you dine on my cunny until I was panting your name several times Then, I would have sent you to bed."

"We still might do that, Luz." replied Ruk with a laugh.

Twilight was settling in so we rode back to the enclosure.

"What are you going to name him?" asked my husband as we rode.

I thought for a moment. "I can't call him Fig, much as I want to. There is only one Fig in my world. He seems gentle and sweet. Blaze is the obvious choice. I will call him that for now. I stroked the side of his neck and he whinnied.

"He seems to like that name." stated Ruk

Back at the enclosure, Ruk introduced me to the chief farrier. This man and his crew were responsible for all of the horses. He eyed me warily. Newlywed brides are an unusual sight for barbarian farriers. I realized anew just how revealing my clothing was. There was little I could do about it. For the privilege and joy of riding again, I'd mount up naked in a blizzard!. After Ruk extolled my virtues and my riding ability, the farrier showed me more respect and promised to take good care of Blaze.

As we strode the long walk back to Ruk's tent (and my tent, I now realized) I snuggled under his arm, he said,

"Now on every barbarian day of rest, we can ride together during the day and make love at night."

I graced Ruk with a succulent kiss and replied, "I would like that husband. I would like that very much."

Since it was time for dinner, we headed directly to the mess tent. Even the cooks had the day off on the barbarian's day of rest. Food cooked the previous day warmed in special trays on a long table and folks came in at various times of the day to eat their meals. I found some of the spicy foul I adored. Ruk informed me that it was prairie chicken that dwelt on the outer edge of the plains beasts' range. Every few weeks, a provisioning party would ride out with empty sacks and return a day later with the sacks overflowing. Every once in a while, Ruk would have to mount up with one of those provisioning parties. He, like the rest of the warriors, hated the duty.

"The birds are so numerous and easy to kill that it is scarcely a challenge to take one. They breed so quickly and are so common and meek that a small child could fill his sack in a few hours. But the ride to reach their breeding ground is arduous and the people must eat," 

Back in the tent, we washed after our ride and meal. I realized that I really liked being naked in front of Ruk. There was such a delightful fire in his eyes as he gazed at me. I never got tired of that look. Ruk noted that my feminine fur was just beginning to sprout. He asked very solicitously if he could shave me. I'd seen Ruk deftly shave his face in the morning. Only barbarian generals were permitted beards. Male barbarian gods apparently were also bearded. Ruk told me that in the after world he would grow a beard so long it would warm his ankles.

I was a bit nervous as I laid upon the sleeping furs. I seriously doubted that Ruk, as skilled with a razor upon his own face as he was, had the dexterity and gentility of the old priestess who had taken my pelt. I bit my lower lip as Ruk coated my privates with foam and stropped the razor.

My fears were groundless. Ruk was more than up to the challenge of shaving my kitty. He rinsed away the last of the foam and the cool water was replaced by the warmth of his mouth and tongue. Ruk parted my lower lips and set to work on my sensitive bead of flesh. In short order, I was panting "Ruk" like one of the pipes from an organ in the house of worship in the city. "A woman could get very used to this!" I thought blissfully,

Ruk's smiling face appeared above mine. He seemed as delighted by my pleasure as I was myself. I decided to begin earning my saddle now. Ruk's manhood was fully erect. I made a move to encircle his shaft with my mouth but Ruk took charge and positioned me face down on the pillows my pert little ass in the air. Speaking gently to me he gathered up a vial of oil and began to coat his manhood. He also applied generous amounts of oil to my posterior. I was nervous but I trusted Ruk. I knew implicitly that he would never intentionally do anything to harm me.

Gently, millimeter by millimeter he entered my asshole. At first, I was amazed that my tiny orifice could accommodate his massive tool, but as I willed myself to relax, more and more of my husband's rod entered me until I felt the front of his thighs against the backs of mine. Using a gentle rhythm, Ruk began pumping away. The sensation was like nothing I had ever experienced. He was inside me in a novel way. It felt very good indeed. As Ruk pumped away my right hand found its way into my cunny. I began stroking my sensitive bead of flesh to the same pace as Ruk's pumping.

For many pleasant moments, I was in a magical place. Without leaving the tent I was in an enchanted fairyland of bliss. I cried Ruk's name at first but soon became aware that the sounds issuing from my throat were of no language I had ever heard. For the longest time (Though it could not have been more than a few moments) it was just Ruk's maleness and my femaleness in a white hot dance of satisfaction and contentment. My mind went somewhere and I was actually startled to discover myself in Ruk's tent beneath the sleeping furs. My husband glanced down at me in the soft lighting a look of complete rapture on his face.

"You are a wonder Luz and I am the luckiest warrior in the world!"

With that, my mind and body shut down completely and I was fast asleep.

The next several months wound together in a soft blur of contentment. Ruk became everything to me. Lara and I became phenomenally close as well. I became a diligent student, learning about the barbarian gods and after world. For reasons I could not fathom, it appealed to me far more than worship and study had back in the city. Part of it was simply being out on the plains away from the confining walls of the city. I decided that since the great mediator had delivered me into barbarian hands, he really could not object if I adopted the religion of the people he had (apparently) entrusted me to.

On days off, Ruk and I raced over the plains. Once in a while, he would even let me win. Funny thing about that saddle, it never seemed to get paid off! Not that I minded paying for it, Ruk and I were very happy. I doubted that even Dar could have made me this joyful. From time to time, I still missed my family. I wished I could tell them how happy I was, that Tye had won by losing. Upon occasion, priests from the city roamed the plains seeking converts to the great mediator and tending to the few beyond the city walls who followed him. If I ever encountered one, I could, in theory, send a letter to my parents. Suddenly I wondered exactly what I would say, Having a new sister like Lara, a niece like Jula and a brother-in-law like Tac took some of the sting away but it never completely left. 

The sex with Ruk just kept getting better and better. Beneath that warrior physique was a sensitive, caring man who was hopelessly devoted to me. I probably could have wrapped him around my finger but that hardly seemed fair. Barbarian wives were supposed to be equals and not greedy. Besides, I had to save something for my first sharing moon.

Ruk's captain had maintained his interest in me on nights when I served as wine steward. His gaze, as it met mine, was quite intoxicating. More than would have occurred by accident, his hand met mine as I poured the wine. It seemed to me that I could feel every bit of his energy and absolute maleness in those brief moments of contact. I'm positive that my skin became flushed in his presence. He seemed to increase in color when I was near him as well. Sleeping with this man would do wonders for my husband's career. It would also, I realized, do wonders for me!

It was not hard to steer Ruk in the direction of his captain. It made the most sense for him professionally and personally. Several men had expressed their interest in me to Ruk but scaling the ranks in the army became much easier when favored by your commanding officer. In exchange for a night with me, Ruk could look forward to rank advancement, less onerous duty and a very nice under the table payoff. As a good wife, I naturally wanted what was best for my husband. Yes, allow me to believe that.

The moon had been full the night I became a bride. The sixth full moon since my betrothal was only a few days away. Lara, whose assignation would be with one of her husband's fellow officers, drilled me on how to behave when my hour came.

"Appear eager but not too eager. Be submissive but inventive. All men enjoy having their manhood suckled." That was just the beginning of her instruction. It turned out there was quite a lot of ritual involved. The barbarians had to placate the gods and strive hard to be respectful. It was more than a simple roll in the hay. My reputation was a stake as was Ruk's. If I was too eager, men who shared me would conclude that I did not love Ruk. Few things in the barbarian world are as shameful as not possessing their bride's affections. If I was too cold, men would believe that my husband had cooled my passions, again reflecting poorly upon my husband. The proper approach was to be warm with slowly building intensity. "Warm when the night begins, red hot when the day ends." Lara instructed me.

Ruk had not earned enough rank to participate in the sharing moon himself. That could change if I performed well with the captain. I considered Ruk in another bride's sleeping furs. I can't say the thought did not raise a bit of jealousy on my part but I knew that no other woman could give Ruk what I gave him. Nor would she get from him what I received His captain was going to see just how much I loved Ruk! That was the moment I first realized that I had been in love with Ruck for some time. I had said the words previously, but finally, on the eve of the night I would lie with another man, I realized that I was truly in love with my husband!

That night, I gave everything I had to Ruk. Our lovemaking was so piquant. Part of me wanted to lie in his arms forever. But dawn arrived and with the new day, a thousand things for me to do. Lara retrieved me early in the morning. She presented me with brand new clothes. It was still the very short skirt and brief top but these were new and had been tailored to my frame. We visited the beauty tent which only operated the week before sharing moons. Skilled priestesses and older women removed every hair upon our bodies below the neck, painted our fingernails and toenails, Lara had her hair curled and chose a flattering style for me. With just a touch a makeup, both of us looked spectacular. I was amazed as I looked at my reflection in the mirror. Ruk's captain would be even more impressed!

As dusk was falling, Lara and I returned to our husbands. Ruk seemed astounded by my beauty. I felt a passing sadness that all my primping had not been for his benefit."By the gods, Luz you are even more beautiful and you were already the most beautiful woman I have ever seen!"

"Flattery will get you everywhere," I replied, "but not tonight."

Ruk laughed and took my arm.

Tac led Lara off in a different direction. Our husband's presentation of us was part of the ritual Ruk clad in his dress uniform was damn sexy! A tight navy tunic over a chain mail shirt was not especially practical for the kind of fighting barbarians performed today but it certainly had an effect on my libido! Together, we walked the considerable distance to the officers' encampment. Before gaining entry, Ruk had to present his pass to the guard. The guard gave me an appreciative stare and waved us on. The officer's tents were larger and on higher ground. Above one flew a flag which bore the totem of Ruk's captain.

Ruk kissed me once quickly and wished me luck before we strode to the closed front flap of the tent.

"Captain Trent, private Ruk requests the honor of your presence."

Captain Trent waited an acceptable amount of time before he opened the tent flap. If anything, in his dress uniform, Captain Trent was even more handsome. At first, his face wore a neutral expression but then he spied me and his handsome mouth became a sly grin.

"Captain Trent. Private Ruk would be honored to present the beautiful Luz with my compliments, SIR!"

Ruk saluted smartly and received an enthusiastic one in return

"Thank you, private, the gift is most appreciated." I bent my head to my chin as the captain's eyes toured my body. After a moment, he turned to Ruk and stated,

"Outstanding private. DISMISSED!"

.With an exchange of salutes, Ruk squeezed my hand, turned smartly on his heels and strode away. The next moment was the longest of my life before I heard Captain Trent state very sweetly,

"Won't you step inside, Luz?"

The tent flap closed behind me and I glanced about the interior. Captain Trent had fine furnishings and an elevated bed that appeared incredibly soft. On a beautiful writing desk sat a bottle of bubbling wine and two crystal goblets.

"Can I offer you a drink?"

"Yes, Captain."

"You can call me Trent." he said as he handed me the goblet. The wine was delicious, even better than the heady stuff served at communal dinners.

"I understand you are a city girl." he said.

"No, sir, I am the wife of a barbarian. I am a bride of the plains."

"It's Trent. Relax, your soldier has told me much about you. Ruk is a very lucky man."

"Thank you, Trent. I'm quite fond of him myself." 

"As well you should be. But we are not here to discuss your husband. Shall we sit and chat a bit? I have a bit to eat."

We sat at a table and he removed the cover from a plate of succulent food. I helped myself to a tiny morsel and gazed up at Trent. The combination of his attractiveness and the wine made me feel warm inside. I don't remember crossing the short distance to him but, the next thing I knew, I was sitting on his lap enjoying his most wonderful kisses. I tried to hold back but I felt so pretty and so desired that I soon forgot myself.

He unlaced my boots and, shortly after I was naked and reveling in his adoring gaze. Under his uniform, he was every inch the man I expected. Where Ruk was a bit beefier, he was leaner. His broad chest tapered to a heavily muscled stomach and an impressive piece of manhood. I fell to my knees and began suckling him. Trent had me cease my ministrations and steered me towards the huge bed which was just the right softness.

That mouth I found so irresistible set to work on my salty intimacy. He was clearly more practiced than Ruk, even so, he could not drive my husband from my mind. I cried out Trent's name and felt myself floating away.

He entered me. The feel of a mature, older man secure in his manhood and his lovemaking abilities are really quite stimulating. He took me forcefully yet sweetly. I'm positive for the longest time I was little more than a puddle in his bed. Trent's recuperative powers were remarkable. I offered him my posterior and he accepted. If anything, this session of back door love was even more intense than with Ruk. I think that eventually I did fall asleep but in all honesty, it seems like I dreamed the entire evening. Any trepidation I had when the day began vanished in a haze of delight. I was already looking forward to my next sharing moon. Yet, I also was looking forward to the next six months with Ruk. Trent was very nice, a wonder in bed, but he could never be my man. Ruk was my man and I was his and not just because of our matching tattoos!
