 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Anita

I regained consciousness slowly. The first thing I became aware of was a heavy weight in my mind. My magic. Why couldn't I reach my magic? 

I opened my eyes. Two men leered down at me. "She's awake," said one. He grabbed my arm and pulled me to my feet. Still trying to remember how I had come here, I didn't resist. 

"Grab her other arm," the man instructed his companion. "He said he wanted to see her as soon as she awoke, and, between the tranq spells and the magic blockers, it'll be awhile before she can walk on her own." 

I tried to pull away as the other man grabbed my other arm, but my body wouldn't respond. He? Who were they talking about? Where was I? I blinked stupidly at the ground, unable to raise my head. 

The two men began to walk, and, propped between them, I stumbled forward. My memory began to return. 

I had been visiting my parents when the village had been attacked. Cendanian soldiers and priests came pouring from the woods, armed with tranq sticks and spells. They'd quickly quelled all resistance, including me. Stomach churning, I wondered what had happened to my family. 

Head drooping, I was dragged over stone tiles. I fought weakly, attempting to jerk free of my captors, but, still dizzy and slow, was unable to even slow us down. The tiles grew fancier and fancier as we went along, eventually giving way to detailed mosaics of demons and Cendanian priests. So. I was in Cendan, probably in a temple. Maybe even the temple, the one in the capital that held the portal to the demon realm. With no idea how long I'd been out, I couldn't know how far I'd been taken. 

The people of Cendan worshipped demon lords. Their most powerful mages were trained to be priests, and kept watch over the portal for messages from their demon lord master. Technically, this demon lord, known as Lord Aio, was the ruler of Cendan, but, as far as I knew, he'd been pretty quiet for the last hundred years or so. Criminals were still routinely sacrificed to him, but he hadn't sent a demonic subject, or even a message, through the portal for a long time. 

Cendan and my home kingdom, Kerath, weren't on friendly terms, but we hadn't been actively at war for awhile. The raid on my village, and my kidnapping, indicated that was about to change. 

I felt cold metal on my neck. A collar? That was likely the artifact blocking my magic. Well, I knew how to deal with that. Except, now that I examined the weight in my mind, I noticed three magic blocking spells, not one. Were the other two tied to the metal cuffs on my wrists? I'd call it overkill, except I'd managed to break a magic blocking collar once. Breaking three would be a lot harder, and I would only be able to break one at a time. What would keep them from replacing the magic blockers as fast as I broke them? Breaking a magic blocker took time. 

One of the men opened a door, and I was dragged through into a dim room. This mosaic was the finest of all, depicting Lord Aio in battle. I swallowed. I'd heard of this particular mosaic. I was in the main temple, and I'd just been taken into the throne room. 

The two men bowed, and then dumped me unceremoniously on the floor. "Leave us," I heard a familiar voice say, and they made a hasty retreat. 

I struggled to stand, and managed to get onto my hands and knees. A pair of boots entered my vision, as familiar as the voice. I swallowed. It couldn't be- 

A black tentacle slid under my chin, forcing me to look up. I met a familiar dark gaze, and began to shake. 

"Hello, Anita," Saban said. 

*

Saban

Anita stared up at me, terrified. Good. She should be frightened after what she'd done to me. I smiled, taking a sip of her fear laced magic. I'd loved her, once. She hadn't loved me in return, but I'd been fine with that. I'd been content merely to be by her side, her servant and protector. But she'd rejected me. I'd given her my heart, and she'd stomped it flat, severing our magical bond and sending me back to hell. 

Unfortunately for her, I'd know about the portal to the demon realm in Cendan. I'd tracked down Aio, the demon lord who controlled it. He and his subjects had grown fat and lazy on criminals tossed into the portal by the Cendanian priests. Defeating him had been easy. 

The trip through the portal, though, that had been hard. Every bit of that process had been agony, as if I was forcing myself through eye of a needle. There'd been moments when I'd considered giving up, and just allowing myself to fall back into the demon realm, but my rage at Anita had spurred me on. 

I'd come through into Cendan in the middle of an important religious service. As the crowd roared in approval, the priests had, one by one, knelt before me, sworn their obedience, and allowed me to feed on their magic. That had been a very good thing, as my agonizing trip through the portal had weakened me. I'd badly needed the magic they had given me, and their recognition of my right to rule had felt good. 

And now... Now I had Anita in my grasp. Revenge would be sweet. I cocked my head, considering what to do. Ah, yes. Of course. 

*

Anita

Saban looked down at me, smiling, or at least showing his teeth. "It really is a pleasure to see you again." My eyes widened as a tentacle coiled around my waist, lifting me into the air. Even had my magic not been blocked, fighting back would be nearly impossible. Demons resisted most magic, and Saban, as a demon lord, was more resistant than most. Even banishing him would have been hard, and banishing spells were specially crafted to work on most demons. 

"Saban-" I began, though I was unsure of what to say. Saban gagged me with a tentacle. I shivered at the cold, possessive look in his eyes. "Shh, dear one. Don't spoil the moment." 

One of the tentacles extending from his back grew a blade. I began to shake. Saban wouldn't kill me, I knew. Not immediately. He'd likely want to feed first. 

Demonic feeding required the victim to be feeling some strong emotion. Most demons liked to use pain. Saban, I knew, had different preferences, but today, in his rage, he might make an exception. Something in his eyes told me he wanted to see me suffer.  

Tentacles wrapped my wrists and ankles, holding me still. I didn't struggle. What would be the point? Demons were exceptionally strong. 

The blade drew gently down my arm, not quite breaking the skin. Saban smiled, his eyes bright with anticipation. Then he scowled. Hissing, he pulled the blade away. 

*

Saban

I had thought I wanted to see Anita suffer. See her writhe in agony for what she had done. But, I realized, all the fantasies I'd had of this moment, of my revenge, stopped once I had her shaking in my grasp. I'd never gone further. 

And I couldn't. I couldn't go any further down this road. Even after everything, after what she'd done to me, I couldn't bring myself to hurt her. Hissing, I pulled the blade away. 

What to do now? I considered my options. Hunger grew inside of me. I wanted to feed. But pain wouldn't please me, and fear wasn't enough. I wanted to see her writhe. I wanted... I wanted to taste Anita's lust. 

It had been over a year since I had tasted lust at all. My priests used their pain to make their magic accessible to me. In the demon realm, I'd not fed on other demons, and I currently held no captive humans there. The idea of tasting lust, that ambrosial flavor, made me wild with desire. 

*

Anita

The blade flashed forward, slicing a neat line down the center of my shirt. Cold hardened my nipples as they peeked out of the ruined garment. Not once did the blade even graze my skin. 

I closed my eyes, trying not to sigh in relief. So. No torture, then. Just sex. I should have known that would be Saban's preference. I opened my eyes, and then froze as Saban's eyes flashed red. What- I looked down, following Saban's gaze. My locket. 

*

Saban

I lifted the golden, heart shaped locket, my tentacle shaking with rage. So. She hadn't wasted any time in replacing me. I ripped the necklace from her neck and flung it away. 

Rage filled me. Who was it? Whose picture was in the locket? I would gut him like a fish. But first... 

*

Anita

I moaned as Saban's tentacles toyed with my nipples. He was so dexterous... He would make me cum and cum and cum, whether I wanted to or not. I knew that from experience. Lots and lots of experience. He- 

A tentacle slid into my pants. Millions of hair fine tendrils brushed my clit. I screamed, writhing, attempting to get away from the source of the overwhelming sensation. Saban held me fast, so I could do nothing but squirm. He smiled, and I felt hair thin strands playing over my nipples. Oh gods... I could feel an orgasm building. He was going to- 

The sensation stopped, leaving an empty ache in my abdomen. I moaned. Saban, grinning, sliced off my pants, revealing my moist panties. I gasped as his fingers reached out to feel the dampness, his eyes dancing in delight. 

"Before we're done," he murmured, "You'll be begging, pleading with me to let you cum. And then you'll be pleading for me to stop." His wicked grin widened. "If I let you talk. I might not." 

I moaned, imagining what was ahead of me. I knew from experience Saban would not be satisfied until I was exhausted, possibly to the point of unconsciousness. And that would take hours. I whimpered. 

Saban slowly pulled my panties down to my ankles, and then, one leg at a time, removed them. He took a deep sniff, inhaling my scent, and then pocketed them, grinning. "How delightful. Let's continue, shall we?" 

I moaned as Saban's tentacles closed in around me, titillating me, feeling up every sensitive spot on my body. Every spot but one. My pussy ached from the inattention. 

Small mouths at the end of tentacles engulfed each of my nipples. Another one nibbled on my ear. Still more stimulated me in a variety of other creative ways. I could feel my clit throbbing, feel the emptiness inside me. Oh, gods, please... But it wasn't going to be over anytime soon. 

I'm not sure how long Saban toyed with me like this, rubbing me and nibbling me with his moist, shapeshifting tentacles. Eventually, though, an orgasm began to build, despite the lack of any pussy stimulation. I moaned, knowing Saban could feel me approaching the tipping point as he fed. Closer... Closer... And then... 

Saban stopped. Of course he stopped, I thought as I whimpered in protest. He said he would. I was already to the point that, if he would just ungag me, I'd beg for him to let me cum. I doubted he'd be satisfied anytime soon, though. 

Saban waited patiently while my breathing slowed. Tears filled my eyes as my pleasure receded until it was only a whisper. Then he started the process all over again. 

*

Saban

I didn't keep track of the number of times I brought Anita to the edge of orgasm only to deny her the release. I was having too much fun to count. I grinned wickedly as tears filled her eyes. She looked at me imploringly, whimpering with need.

Only when she had nearly cooled down once more did I start my stimulation again. Should I touch her clit this time? I knew she desperately wanted me to, just as she wanted me to fill the aching emptiness inside her. 

I decided against it. I was having way to much fun doing it like this. 

*

Anita

I whimpered in frustration as, once again, my orgasm faded away. Oh gods... I closed my eyes. 

Then I felt something that sent my heart fluttering, and gave me hope that, soon, this nightmare would end. Once of Saban's tentacles was gently probing the outside of my pussy. I felt it brush my clit, and moaned with longing. Then slowly, ever so slowly, it entered me, stretching me almost to my limit. I wanted to beg Saban to hurry, to just shove his tentacle into my needy cunt, but he seemed determined to make me suffer as he took it slow. 

Finally I was full, oh so full. I moaned in relief. As always, it was a perfect fit. The benefit of fucking a shapeshifter. 

I felt Saban grip my clit with a dexterous tentacle, and I almost went limp with relief. Was he about to let me cum? I felt the thick tentacle within me start to move, and whimpered. He was, oh gods, he was! I could feel myself getting closer... Closer... 

And then he pulled out. I screamed into the tentacle gagging me, filled with helpless desire. The tentacle gripping my clit was gone as well. Apparently, this was just the second stage of my punishment.

*

Saban

I frowned in frustration. Every time I started to stimulate Anita, her lust grew faster. Every time I stopped, it ebbed slower. Now I was spending more time waiting for Anita to calm down than I was actually fucking her. 

I cocked my head thoughtfully, and then smiled. It was time to end this... 

*

Anita

At long last I was cumming and Saban was pounding me oh gods his tentacle was pounding me and vibration so much vibration on my clit and oh gods oh gods oh gods would it ever end would it ever end would it ever ever ever- 

*

Saban

Anita had been cumming for an impressively long period of time. Eyes rolling, muscles spasming, she writhed in my grip, too overcome to scream. 

I finished draining the last of her magic. I felt a little drunk on her pleasure. It had been a long time since I had been this satisfied after a meal. 

I wondered if, now that I was done feeding, I should let Anita come out of her continuous orgasm. Perhaps I could be a little bit merciful... 

*

Anita

I cried out in relief as the overwhelming stimulation ended. The only tentacles touching me now were the ones restraining me. 

It still took a little bit for my orgasm to end. Finally it was done. I went limp in Saban's hold, moaning in relief. 

"You didn't want to be my mistress," Saban told me. "You didn't want to be my lover. So now you'll be my toy. My own personal treat. And I'll play with you, and feed from you, whenever I please. Guards!" On the last word, his voice rose. 

The two men who'd dragged me into the throne room re-entered. They came up to Saban and bowed respectfully. 

"Take her to her cell," Saban told the men. "See to it that she is given food and water." He looked thoughtfully down at the puddle I'd left on the floor. "Lots of water. Tell the high priest that he is to assign one of his subordinates watch her. If there is any sign she is trying to break the anti magic collar or cuffs, I am to be told immediately. Then send the council in. There are matters we must discuss." 

*

Saban

I looked the council over, sighing. "So, to sum up what you are telling me, the drought has lasted 3 years?" 

One of my advisors nodded respectfully. "Yes, my lord. Every year the harvest has gotten smaller. Our emergency granaries are almost empty, as is the treasury. The people are on the edge of starvation." 

I scowled. I really should have had this meeting before indulging myself, I chided. "What are our options?" 

My high priest, Andorin, bowed his head respectfully. "There is only one real option, my lord. We must raid one of our neighbors for supplies. The only question is, which neighbor should we attack?" 

The general of my human army snorted. "You've already angered Kerath my kidnapping one of their most powerful wizards. I say we start there." 

Another advisor shook his head. "Kerath has a number of powerful wizards currently, and a sizable army. We should try D'nota. Their diamonds-"

"We'll never make it over the mountains!" protested the general. "We should-" 

The discussion swiftly devolved into an argument. I looked around at the red, angry faces. All the council members were all shouting and interrupting each other, trying to make themselves heard. 

All but one. My high priest was quietly sipping a glass of water, watching his fellows with amusement. So Andorin wasn't easy to get riled up. Good. Anger issues and powerful magic didn't mix well. 

I listened to the argument for a bit longer, sorting out the different opinions and weighing their merits. Finally I slammed my palm down on the table. "Silence!" 

Everyone stopped yelling, and looked at me expectantly. Good. 

"We will attack Kerath," I told them, my pronouncement ringing with finality. I turned to the general. "Prepare to mobilize your troops. We will leave in a weeks time." 

One of the advisors frowned. "We? You're going?" 

I chuckled. "Of course." I smiled in anticipation. "If I join the fight, they won't stand a chance." 

*

Anita

I stared up at the ceiling of my cell. There was a blotch of mold up there. It looked a bit like the outline of a horse. 

I sighed and sat up on the cot. I wasn't sure how much time had passed since I'd gotten thrown in the cell. After eating, I'd slept for a time. Then I'd meditated. Now I was bored. I wished I had a book to read. I wondered if they'd bring me one if I asked. 

I stood up and walked across the cell to rap smartly on the door. "Hey! Is anyone out there?" 

There was a brief silence. Then someone answered. "Yes." 

"Any possibility of you going to get me a book?" I asked. 

"No." The male voice paused, and then continued. "But I'll talk to you if you like. 

I shrugged. "I supposed that works. What's your name?" 

"I'm Egear. I'm a junior priest," the young man told me. 

I raised an eyebrow. "They set a priest to guarding me?" 

"Yes. High Lord Saban is worried you'll break the magic blockers." A pause. Before I could speak, he asked, "Is it true that you broke one before?" 

"Sort of. The one I broke was flawed, though," I lied. "I just never told Saban." 

"Why not?" asked Egear. 

"I had a lot on my mind at the time," I told the junior priest. "I was kind of carrying Saban's offspring." 

"You were host to an imp?" Shock filled the man's voice. "And you survived?" 

His reaction was warranted. Demons reproduced by implanting their offspring into a host. The host's magic and life force were consumed by the imp, allowing it to grow. If the feeding didn't kill the host outright, the emergence of the demon, which was usually quite violent, did. 

I sighed. "It's a long story." I wondered what had happened to the imp, who had named himself Estries. Had he found the wizard mistress he'd wanted? "How long has Saban been here?" 

"High Lord Saban arrived three days ago," the priest told me. Awe filled his voice. "His natural form... It's huge!" 

"I know," I said wryly. I hadn't gotten many good looks at Saban's natural form. When he'd been merely my familiar, bound by a set of magical constraints, he'd been locked in human form. After he'd broken the binding and fallen in love with me, he hadn't wanted to show me his natural form very often. He'd worried that it would frighten me, and with good reason. Demons in their natural form weren't even remotely humanoid. Instead, they were huge masses of tentacles, eyes, and sharp toothed mouths. 

As shapeshifters, though, demons could look like pretty much anything they wanted. Saban's prefered human form was incredibly handsome, with hard muscles, long black hair, and the kind of face that naturally caught the eye. Plus he had a great ass. 

"Is it true that you bound him as your familiar?" Egear asked. "Him? A demon lord?" 

"Yeah." I sighed. "Not that I realized he was a demon lord. If I had, I might have ended the summons without binding him." Attempts to bind demon lords tended to end in nasty ways. My binding of Saban was the only exception. Had been the only exception. 

"Why did you dismiss him?" asked Egear. 

I winced. "I'd rather not talk about that." I cast about for a subject change. "So junior priest... Is that the lowest priest level?" 

"Yeah, pretty much." Egear sighed. "You start off as a junior priest. Then you're a full priest. Then, if you're really good, you become a senior priest." He sighed again. "I should be a full priest by now," he confessed. "Most make full priest between 16 and 18. I'm 23." He snorted. "That's why I'm the one watching your cell. I'm not good for much else."
