 Harriet Kono sat in her lab frantically twisting the ends of her long dark hair. For the second time this year she had lost control of her cerebral enhancer project. She blamed unknown variables in the new software and the unfamiliar and strangely alien hardware that was thrust on her by Imperial Corporation. But mostly she blamed Kent Orlando. 

"You and your lolo sexual fantasies," she mumbled looking at him laid out on the adjustable hospital bed with the 2.0 version of her cerebral enhancer on his head. 

"Not Cerebral Enhancer, Brain Tube," she said in a mocking male voice. Kent had dubbed the device the Brain Tube because he had trouble remembering Cerebral Enhancer. "Idiot jock," she said to his inert form. But she had to admit that Brain Tube WAS catchier.

As much as she wanted to yank the Brain Tube off Kent's head to end this nightmare, she didn't dare. Last time she did that the subject went literally crazy. She had no choice but to ride this out and wait for Kent to remove the helmet on his own. She had rushed to get to the second trial and was now paying the price for her impatience. But she knew how Imperial Corporation worked. They undoubtedly had others working on similar projects. She wasn't about to let someone else beat her to the finish line. She made a note on her I-pad in the folder unimaginably named 1:23 the time in the afternoon when she had started her experiment with Kent. That was barely three hours ago yet it felt like she has been dealing with this for weeks.

Her tired eyes went to her ex boyfriend Donny Stevens stretched out on a Lay-z-boy wearing the advanced auxiliary helmet connected to Kent's helmet by several slim wires and a coaxial cable. Donny had popped in on her in the middle of her disaster with Kent. Kent and Donny were best friends going way back so Harriet came up with the brilliant idea to send Donny in to talk Kent into removing his helmet.

"What was I thinking sending this idiot in?" she said.

Her hope of staying in contact with Donny had failed from the start. Panic set in and she itched to pull the auxiliary helmet off his head. She was pretty sure she could yank the thing off Donny's head without dire consequences. She didn't do it though, she had to allow him time to succeed. TIME itself was a problem in the Brain Tube world. Her last trip in with the auxiliary helmet took her nearly twenty four hours Brain Tube time to hook up with Kent. In the real world only eleven minutes had lapsed. She made a note that Donny had been under for ten minutes and that it added up to about a day in the helmet. 

The time problem was insignificant compared to the hyper sexual experiences the Brain Tube created with a user. For reasons outside Harriet's control, her device focused in on the part of the brain that dealt with sexual arousal. She had hoped that the auxiliary helmet would be different.

Wrong, wrong, wrong. 

Like the Brain Tube, the auxiliary helmet had triggered her darkest sexual desires. In combination with Kent Orlando's sexual visions, it was impossible for her to function in the world of the helmet. She hoped that Donny was fairing better.

"Gotta be a way to preempt the sex stuff," she said aloud as she sat at her work table to solder contacts on the newest version of the Brain Tube. It was two thirds smaller than the one currently on Kent's head and totally wireless. Her laptop beeped. It was the KHT program reporting in with updates.

*One percent of the Alice Mihara problem still remained.

*Twenty percent of the Kent Orlando constructs deleted. 

*Do you want to Purge/fold/Harriet/Kono?

That last part made her frown. She clicked show details. The file was created before her first test with Alice Mihara. She couldn't recall creating this fold thing or why her name was attached to it? She hated loose ends so clicked YES to purge. 

Her cell phone vibrated on her work table making her yelp. She looked at the incoming call. It was Imperial Corp headquarters. 

"Not now," she moaned but knew she couldn't ignore a call from the people signing her fat paychecks. She picked up the phone and said in her best professional voice, "This is Harriet Kono, how may I help you?"

"Hello Harriet, this is Lee Imperial. How are you doing?"

"Mr. Imperial?" Harriet asked aghast nearly choking on her words. 

Lee Imperial was her boss. Hell he was EVERYBODY'S boss. Lee Imperial was Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Mark Zukerberg all rolled into one. Mr. Imperial's ambition to be the first successful private space faring company was nearly realized. His man to Mars mission was just a year away from launch. She had never met him face to face. He called her only once on the phone six months ago after the fiasco with Alice Mihara. He had asked a couple of questions but didn't seem overly upset at her failure. Still, she had sensed his disappointment with her. Paranoia set in. Somehow he KNOWS I'm screwing up again! 

"I've been hearing some interesting things about you and your Cerebral Enhancer," Imperil said in his deep baritone. He sounded like the actor George Takei.

"We call it the Brain Tube now," she said and cringed for correcting the smartest and riches man on the planet with such an insipid detail.

"Catchy, I like it," Imperial said. "How is your cousin Alice Mihara doing?"

"Um ... fine," she said automatically even though she hadn't seen or spoken to Alice since the first test run of the Brain Tube months ago.

"I hear you are starting with a new subject?" he asked casually.

"Yes, I'm in the middle of that right now," Harriet said doing her best to sound calm.

"I won't take up your precious time," he said. "I'm looking forward to your report, Harriet. The team heads say you are an exceptional technician."

"Thank you Mr. Imperial."

"Please call me Lee. I will look forward to your report." He hung up.

Harriet put down the phone and looked at Kent Orlando and Donny Stevens laid out with the Brain Tube head gear. Her heart sank knowing that her future depended on a dumb jock and his stoner best friend both from the same stupid hick town named Byle. 

******** 

"This is Harriet's fold?" Kent Orlando of Byle Ohio, asked giving the innocuous revolving door a dubious look. He had entered a similar door at the start of his adventures in the world of the Brain Tube. At the time he didn't realize that he had entered into Harriet Kono's fold. The door was fixed into a gray rock wall that seem to go on forever to the right and left and more than a hundred feet up above their heads. The last time Kent had entered into Harriet's fold he was nearly killed by Alice Mihara. That same Alice now stood along side him. According to River Tam, Alice was a left over echo of the REAL Alice Mihara, the first Brain Tube test subject. Also with him were three women conjured up by the Brain Tube from his base sexual fantasies. First Nefertiti Ulmat, the cute Filipino teacher's assistant from his anthropology class, next was the sexy Natasha Romanoff of Avengers fame and finally, the beautiful mysterious Yukio from the X-men movies.

"We have to find Donny Stevens," Yukio said. 

"Donny was eaten by a giant evil clown," Kent said to the slim Asian girl armed with samurai swords, her hair was a bright candy apple red. She wore khaki tights, black boots and a snug black sweater. 

"THAT was the Donny of this world, I'm referring to the Donny from your world," Yukio said. 

"No way, the dude is in Ohio not here in Honolulu," Kent insisted.

"I assure you that he is here and is using the auxiliary helmet," Yukio said. "He is our best path to Harriet."

"We are at the back entrance to Harriet's fold. Donny is waiting at the other end," Natasha Romanoff said. "We're gonna have to cross the fold to get to him." 

"Can't I just call up another magic door?" Kent asked.

"They're unpredictable," Alice said. "We could find ourselves in the middle of Kate's horde next time."

"Kate's a smart monster," Natasha said. "She's probably figured out the summoned door thing already. She'll be watching out for them from here on out." Natasha drew her two side arms and gave them a serious once over. Her hair was a more natural red than Yukio's cartoon shade. She wore her classic leather form fitting top, puffy green camouflage pants and old army boots. Everything below the waist was borrowed from the crew of the Serenity. Natasha and Yukio had showed up on the scene bottomless. 

"Why the guns?" Kent asked. "You made it sound like this is a safe place to be?"

"Safe from Kate and her murdering legions," Natasha said as she took stock of her ammo. "In general, Harriet's fold is a dangerous place." 

"Harriet isn't here to keep the place under relative peace," Neffie said. "Her base emotions in the form of the killer clowns have taken control and her sexual fantasies are running unchecked."

"That accounts for the weird bottomless crap I had to deal with," Yukio said.

"Be glad that's the worst that happened to you," Natasha said. "Everyone take stock of your weapons. We may have to fight our way to the other end to get to Donny."

Alice had an energy rifle from the Serenity with one full charge. Neffie was armed with her Dirty Harry handgun. Kent's only weapon was a crowbar he named Russel. Yukio of course had her swords.

"Kent's fold is under attack," Neffie said. "We need him to keep it standing."

"Yukio and I will go get Donny," Natasha said. "Kent, protect your fold. Take Alice and Neffie. We'll come find you when we find Donny."

Yukio and Natasha went to the revolving door. 

"Lose the bottom first," Natasha said as she kicked off her army boots. 

Yukio rolled her eyes. "Can't we just shoot and hack our way through those creepy clowns?"

"There are thousands of them," Natasha said as she dropped her pants. 

Kent did his best not to ogle their naked asses and dark pubes. The bottomless sirens pushed through the revolving door leading to Harriet Kono's dark inner mind. 

"Um now what?" Kent asked.

"We find the part of your fold still holding strong against Kate and her fucked up legion," Alice said.

"I'll call in some of my feelers," Neffie said. She holstered her big gun and pulled out her cell phone.

Kent eyed the cute Filipino girl in her jeans as she walked away to make her calls. "She is one handy chick to have around," Kent said.

"She's a great friend," Alice agreed.

After a long silence, Kent asked Alice, "What did River Tam mean when she called you a Batu?"

"I have no idea," Alice said.

"She said that you need to discover what you are," Kent went on.

"I REALLY don't wanna have this conversation right now," Alice said with her hackles up. 

"Sorry," Kent said quickly backing off. The chick was on the cute petite side but Kent had seen her turn into a killing giant once before. She claimed she couldn't do that anymore since her so called fold had been destroyed by Kate and her legion. 

Neffie walked back. "I got us a ride to the center of the resistance," Neffie said. "It's an old friend of yours, Alice."

"A Kent version of someone I know?" Alice asked.

"No, she's from your fold," Neffie said. "She's a crossover like me. She was in Kent's fold when Kate attacked." 

The distinct clopping of horse hooves on hard stone came their way. A woman riding a horse and leading several other riderless horses came their way from down the long stoney path. 

"Who do I know rides a horse?" Alice asked Nefertiti.

"Ya know nothing, Alice Mihara," shouted the rider from a distance. 

Alice whooped and broke into a run to meet the rider.

"One of my fantasies?" Kent asked.

"Ygritte from Game of Thrones," Neffie said. "Lucky for her You've had a lot of dirty fantasies about her lately. My favorite is when she had you tied up in a snow cave and she peed all over your—"

"Got it," Kent said. "Does she ... um ... know that she's a ..."

"A sexual fantasy?" Neffie finished for him. "Yes she does."

"She'd kind of a tough chick," Kent said worried. "Will she resent that?"

"She'll probably cut your throat first chance she gets," Neffie said offhandedly.

Kent swallowed hard and rubbed at his tender neck.

Neffie laughed. "We all know what we are. Remember Theodora and the crew of the serenity? They took it in stride."

"Yeah," he said. His dick responded predictably recalling resent events. 

Neffie giggled and said, " I know where you went. Better put Mr. Happy away for I'm sure that horseback riding and erections are a bad mix."

******** 

"Harriet is curious about your progress," the new messenger avatar in the form of the controversial porn star Sasha Grey said in a pleasing sexy voice.

"Okay ..." Donny Stevens, self proclaimed stoner from Byle, Ohio said. He stood a few feet away from Sasha. When she took a step toward him he jumped back. 

"You seem suspicious?" Sasha asked.

"I was warned that this place can fuck with your head," Donny said.

"No head fucking, I promise," Sasha said crossing her heart giving him a cute sexy smile.

"How do I know that you aren't part of Kate's horde?" Donny asked. Just a couple of hours ago, Donny was nearly given the kiss of death by Kate the killer program impersonating Storm from the X-men. 

"If I were one of Kate's horde you would already be dead," Sasha said pleasantly.

"Good point," Donny said. "So ... what does Harriet wanna know?"

"First of all," Sasha said, "are you keeping to the mission of finding Kent? And due to the highly sexual nature of the Brain Tube, she also wants to know if you are literally fucking around?"

He thought of the outrageous scene with Phoebe, Rachel and Monica from the old 'Friends' TV series just a little while ago. That was certainly fucking around but it DID get him a LITTLE closer to finding Kent.

"Staying on mission," he said. "I have um ... helpers out looking for Kent as we speak. I'm waiting for them to get back to me." 

"I shall relay that to Harriet," Sasha said. She closed her eyes and stood still. Donny took the moment to eye her up. Like the real Sasha Grey, she was slim and gorgeous. She wore a tight red top and skinny jeans. All the porn movies he had seen with Sasha Grey filed through his head. Sasha blinked opened her exotic eyes. He always wondered if she had some Asian in her. 

"Odd," she said. "I can't get through to Harriet." She frowned and looked off in the distance. Donny followed her gaze but saw nothing but the long rocky path. "Kate has gotten audacious. She is coming here looking for you."

"What?" Donny asked in a panic. "But I thought I was safe here in Harriet's fold?"

"You are just outside her fold so not privy to her full protection. But still, getting this close is very daring. I suggest that you go inside."

"But the Avengers chick Natasha told me to stay out here?" Donny said. Mostly, he was afraid to face the killer clowns that ran the show in Harriet's fold. 

Lighting flashed way down the stone path, seconds later, thunder rumbled.

"She is coming," Sasha said. Red fiery bursts lit up the distance. "Odd ... she is in the form of a character from Tolkien," Sasha said. "A belrog I think?"

"No way!" Donny yelled. He had joked about a belrog with Yukio not long ago. A vague human shape raced at them fast. And it was big ... REAL big! The thing let out a deafening roar. A sudden rush of hot wind stirred Donny's hair. The wind smelled of charred hair with a background of burnt animal guts. "Fuck me!" Donny yelled and rushed through the revolving doors and stumbled into an office setting with cold florescent lighting overhead. His heart slammed hard in his chest as he looked around. This wasn't the same spot he had exited only minutes ago although it was the same door he had passed through. Close by was a desk manned by a security guard in black. Beyond the desk was a ubiquitous metal detector that lead to more office space beyond. A cheesy Muzak version of The Miracles' Tears of a Clown' filled the air. It was all so ordinary. The only flaw was the hideous rubber clown mask the guard wore. No ... not a mask he corrected. It was the dude's actual face. Sasha stood at Donny's side but he didn't recall her entering the revolving door with him. 

"My he's an ugly one," Sasha said looking at the clown.

"Hello Ms. Grey," the clown said blandly. 

Donny squirmed. Insulting the clowns seemed like a bad idea.

"Welcome back Mr. Stevens," the clown guard said with a pointy tooth grin just for him. He reached into his desk and handed Donny a plastic identification tag with his name written in jittery black, Sharpie marker. Smiley face stickers flanked his name. Donny clipped it on with no question.

"Hello Lovecraft," Sasha said to the clown.

"Escorting or dropping off?" Lovecraft the nightmare clown asked Sasha. 

"I'm Virgil today," she said giving the clown a warm smile.

Lovecraft handed her a identification tag too. "This is a bottomless area Ms. Grey." The clown said in a tone like he expected trouble from her.

"As Harriet's new number one avatar I am exempt from floor rules," Sasha said as she pinned her name tag over her left breast. Daisy stickers flanked her name.

"Ms. Grey," Lovecraft said sounding like a cop about to lose his patients. "The rules have been set up by—" 

"No one," Sasha said cutting him off.

Stop fucking with the clown Donny wanted to say.

Sasha continued. "This place is running on impulse. The rules are arbitrary and you know it." 

"Oh my god," Donny whispered as literal steam poured out of the ears and nostrils of Lovecraft the clown.

"Besides," Sasha said undaunted, "you have one of Kate's legion in the form of a Tolkien monster right out side the door."

"You are mistaken," Lovecraft said. "KHT wouldn't dare come near here." Seated in his groaning office chair, Lovecraft wheeled himself over to a bank of security monitor screens.

On one of the monitors a fiery monster, mouth agape, eyes burning filled the screen.

"How dare she!" Lovecraft bellowed. The clown picked up a phone and put it to his ear. "Barker! Get Straub and King and come to entry CC37! Code nine-o-nine, stat!" he slammed down the phone. Lovecraft lifted his considerable bulk from his seat, he was near seven feet tall standing. He went to a nearby cabinet, pulled out a gun belt, put it around his big waist then pulled out an ugly gnarly sword that would make an orc chieftain proud. Three other ugly clown guards stepped through a door that Donny was sure wasn't there a couple of seconds ago. The guards carried big shotguns along with swords strapped to their backs.

"We will continue this conversation another time, Ms. Grey," Lovecraft said as he lead his cronies to the revolving door.

"I'll look forward to it," Sasha called after him with her winning warm smile.

Donny looked at the security monitor showing the four clowns facing the belrog from several different angles. The clowns were the size of puppies compared to Tolkien's monster. "Those guys are toast," Donny said.

"Never underestimate Harriet's clowns," Sasha said. "Come, I'll give you a tour of the facilities." She took his arm and lead him down the ordinary looking office hallway lined with doors.

"This place is what you guys call a fold right?" Donny asked eying up the doors.

"Yes, it is a mental reflection of Harriet Kono's desires," Sasha said. "But don't think that this is just a dream or fantasy. This place is real and very deadly."

"But not for me," Donny said confidant that it was game over and back to his life the moment he took off the helmet.

"I wouldn't be so sure," Sasha said. "Something bad happened to the first person to use the Brain Tube."

"What you mean?" Donny asked startled. 

"Alice Mihara's behavior was altered according to Harriet's notes."

"The Alice chick went mental after using the Brain Tube?" Donny asked shocked.
