 Valda gazed out the window as the sun battered the sprawling orc city below. Shutting the window, she turned and walked to a large bed with linen sheets and little else, easily the most prominent feature of the room. Orcs preferred practicality to decoration, Valda realized, rubbing a tooth-shaped bruise on her shoulder as she sat down. She leaned over the side of the bed to sit her bag of belongings on a crude, but sturdy looking table before boredly resting her head against the pillows. A moment later she stood up and walked over to a body length mirror, the only seemingly expensive part of the large bedroom besides the windows overlooking the city. Her long, dark brown hair flowed down her back as she ran her fingers through it, her smouldering dark eyes scanning her image in the mirror with warm self-regard.

A barbarian wanderer from a land too far away to describe, Valda was tall and fit, although she still had curves any woman would be proud of. She rarely wore any armor, her sharp reflexes and terrifying strength being her preferred defense. Strange symbols covered her body, painted there herself this morning, the only sign she wore of her own culture. There were quite lot of them, but still more exposed skin-the largest articles of clothing the barbarian had were the bandages she wore to bind her breasts and a skimpy loincloth hanging between her thighs. The tan of her desert-like home country was sustained by her recent travels through this hot climate, although her skin was smooth, soft, and clean, it's alluring maintenance perhaps a sign of vanity.

Having come to the city by chance as a temporary guard for a cautious merchant, her current situation came to her as a surprise. Orcs viewed themselves as more powerful fighters than the other races. While as a group this was true, individually things were sometimes different. This had been revealed to a large crowd of them when Valda had decided to spend an afternoon watching fights in their arena, and wound up accepting the challenge of a trash-talking orc warrior. While the fight-a semi-nude, bare-knuckled brawl-went as Valda planned, at least outside of the she-orc biting her arm, it turned out she had not been entirely aware of her situation.

The rules of the fight had been quite simple. Last one standing was the winner. What Valda didn't know at the time was that after the loser recuperated, it was their duty to service the other. Sexually. It was a tradition steeped in orc history. When the men would be off at war for long periods of time, the women would stay home, teaching the children the brutal orc way of life. Crucial to this was competition in organized sports, almost entirely combat. The women had no sexual release save for each other, but it was taboo to take another into their beds when they were promised to their husbands. So they incorporated their unfortunate position with their passion for sports and made sex the prize, something the men learned to appreciate rather quickly. And it even ended up protecting their society in the long haul as orc women became accepted as fierce warriors in their own right.

Sharn, as her name was, had challenged Valda to this violent and (unbeknownst to her) erotic ritual. They met in the arena of sand in front of a surprisingly large crowd, although most of them were there just to watch the gullible human be demolished by another fine orc. However, while Sharn was strong, even for her kind, Valda was stronger. In the end, she put up a respectable fight but lost to the powerful blows and honed technique of the barbarian.

Now, Valda waited. Sharn had been recovering from the fight for a few days now. Tradition demanded that Valda stay and resolve the ritual, and while Valda could fight one orc with success, it would be foolish to try to defy the city itself. At the very least she had brought herself rare honor, opening the city's wealth of experiences and pleasures to her in a way few outsiders were allowed to enjoy. She'd always liked orc culture, although in some ways, like now, they were a little too steeped in tradition for her tastes. But now enough time had finally passed and Valda had been informed that Sharn had finished recovering and would soon be of service.

A knock came at the door. "Enter," Valda called out, turning from her reflection. A couple of burly guards ushered Sharn in, the orc covered by only a thin robe, sheer enough that nothing of importance was left to the imagination. She said nothing as the doors closed behind her, avoiding Valda's eyes as the human appraised her. For a while, it was quiet.

Sharn was the first to break the silence, "Well?" She asked, "What are you going to do with me?"

Valda crossed her arms across her chest, a hand on her face as she examined Sharn thoughtfully. She had been told that tradition demanded Sharn do whatever was asked of her, no matter how humiliating, but only within the confines of the room and only for twenty four hours or until Valda's thirst had been quenched. Sharn would be examined to make sure Valda did not simply wait out the time. The barbarian looked over the orc, her dark green skin giving way to messily cropped shoulder-length black hair, her only accessories golden hooped earrings adorning her long ears. Her breasts were large and her body obviously muscular. Valda remembered from the fight that Sharn had two identical tattoos marking her as a warrior, one on the shoulder, and a larger version stretching across one side of her rear. She was tall by normal standards, but shorter than Valda, and her mouth sported the orcs' peculiar, quite prominent fangs coming from the canines of her lower jaw, poking out of her mouth and into her upper lip. It made her look pouty, Valda thought.

"Disrobe." The barbarian said. Just one word said firmly and nothing more.

Sharn complied, taking off the robe and presenting her nude body to Valda. She was entirely clean of body hair, a common custom among orcs, although she still sported a fair few marks and bruises from their fight. On top of that she had a score of older scars from a lifetime as a warrior, slashing scars across her toned lower legs and arms, and even one across her otherwise womanly right breast. Her breasts and buttocks were noticeably large and pleasingly round, the former dotted with small, dark green nipples that immediately went hard in the chill of the open air.

Valda's eyes finished scanning Sharn's body, pleased with what she found. She approached Sharn with her hands on her hips, the orc's muscles tensing reflexively. The barbarian wasn't concerned, she'd seen how the woman fought, learned her tells and knew that it was instinctual, a fear response. She came up to the orc woman, raising a hand and brushing it up against her skin, gingerly touching a bruise Valda had left on her ribs, making Sharn wince as it climbed its way to her breast, cupping it, gently squeezing and feeling the hard nipple under her fingers.

Valda was impressed so far. She pinched the orc's nipple between her pointer and middle finger as she continued to grope her breast. Sharn's cheeks went a darker green color as she looked away, trying to deny the pleasure she was getting from this, she couldn't conceal the wetness forming between her legs, her trimmed pussy glistening in the light.

Valda took Sharn's muscular arm and pulled her over to the bed. "Get on," she commanded.

Sharn cautiously climbed onto the bed and, guided by Valda's firm hand, positioned herself on all fours facing the headboard. Valda stood at the foot of the bed inspecting her quarry. She laid a hand on Sharn's ass, squeezing the firm, muscular cheek and spreading it to view her sex. So far, Sharn had yet to disappoint-Valda licked her lips at the sight of the dark green folds between her thick, defined thighs. Valda's hand fell and her fingers lightly teased the orc's womanhood, eliciting a whimper from her as the orc struggled not to outright moan.

Valda smirked and gently inserted a finger into the wet green lips, crooking it as she slowly withdrew and inserted the finger again several times, studying Sharn's face to find her sweet spots. The orc did her best to hide her responses, but her more sensitive spots broke through the facade and gave Valda what she wanted. Now, she moved another finger up and into Sharn's wet pussy, eliciting long, deep moans that only grew louder as she began to use her thumb to tease the orc's clit.

"Why don't you just fuck me already?" Sharn blurted out angrily, her face turning another shade darker as she realized what she just said.

Valda knelt onto the bed, grasping Sharn's short hair in her fist and jerking the woman's head back. Valda looked at her silently for a moment before leaning in and crushing the orc's lips beneath her own, her tongue invading the resistant woman's mouth as hers tried to escape, but again, Valda was more experienced and caught her, forcing her into a wrestling match that the orc began to melt into.

Valda came away and the orc let out a disappointed gasp, her composure briefly broken. "Fine." Valda said, stepping back and disrobing. Sharn looked back and began to turn around, "Don't move." Valda commanded as her large, round pale breasts bounced out into the air, her trimmed pussy slightly damp, already in the mood from inspecting Sharn's body. She hopped onto the bed, slapping a hand down hard on the orc's tattooed rear, and although Sharn grit her teeth to keep from yelping, Valda still got plenty of pleasure at the sight of her round, jiggling ass. That same hand came to rest between her cheeks as Valda knelt on the bed beside her, roughly feeling their way across her flesh until she reached her wet sex again, three fingers coming down and inserting themselves into Sharn's trembling hole as Valda stared at her face from over a strong green shoulder.

The other hand came down and slapped Sharn's breasts, squeezing them and pinching her nipples between her strong fingers. Leaning down further, Valda pressed the side of her face against Sharn's as she whispered, "Are you ready to serve me?"

"F-fine!"

"Fine?" Valda repeated, her hot breath on the orc's neck.

"Y-y-yes... please," Sharn stuttered.

"Good." She said, withdrawing her fingers and slapping her ass even harder than before. Valda got up, leaving a temporarily bewildered Sharn on the bed while she dipped into her belongings. What she held appeared relatively mundane: a ring attached to a long, stretchy silk strap. She jangled the strange device in front of Sharn's face, showing it off to the confused orc. "Do you know what this is?" Valda asked.

"No." Sharn answered simply, a hand reaching between her legs as she squirmed, angry at Valda for making her wait.

"I got this from some friends up north, dark elves," She said as she walked up next to Sharn, "It's an enchanted device that works like so." Valda said, sliding her legs inside the strap and touching the ring, bringing her hand away to create a large, fat dildo, sighing as it's mirror image was created within her, causing a tiny clear string to drip slowly down her thigh. All as Sharn looked on, mystified.

The barbarian continued, "You just have to touch it and then you can create any size or shape cock you want. It makes the same size inside the wearer, and as you fuck someone, it vibrates inside you with the same amount of force." She leaned in close to whisper in Sharn's ear. "You wouldn't believe what I had to do to get it."

She slid behind Sharn, quickly kneeling behind her ass and grabbing the orc by her hair, jerking her head to make her look at her as she pressed the head of her cock against Sharn's wet hole. "So, the best way for you to service me," She said, putting pressure on the orc's entrance, "Is by taking it, hard." The orc whimpered in preparation for what was to come. Valda paused for dramatic effect before she thrust the cock into Sharn's wet pussy, eliciting an long, satisfied moan from the orcs lips.

Valda felt no need to pace herself. Wet slaps echoed through the room in no time at all as Valda fucked Sharn's tender slit, keeping a hand tangled in the woman's hair as she rode her deeply from behind. Picking up speed as the dildo vibrated intensely within her, Valda leaned forward, pressing her breasts against the orc's slender back, slapping her breasts again and then roughly squeezing them, licking and then biting down on the tip of Sharn's pointed ear as the orc moaned like an animal in heat. Valda's lips curled in a devilish smile, the barbarian's own libido stoked higher by the orc's horny, uncontrolled response.

Sharn moaned louder and louder, until finally she felt the urge to cum travelling throughout her entire body like a wave. But just as she was about to clench down around Valda's cock and release, the barbarian withdrew, stepping away from her temporary servant. The orc turned around, disappointed and bewildered, her ass left hanging in the air, wanting.

"I haven't cum yet, so you don't get to either." Valda answered, plain and simple. She stood in the middle of the floor and gestured to the cock as she touched it again, making it just a little bigger. "Suck it," she commanded, her lips curling ever so slightly as it grew inside her as well.

Sharn nodded and crawled over to Valda reluctantly. Her hand grasped the shaft, slippery with the orc's own juices as she pulled herself up and faced the human's wide hips. The barbarian moaned lightly as she felt the orc tug on the dildo, grabbing Sharn's hair again and prodding her face with the tip. Sharn parted her lips tentatively before she slid the thing into her mouth, going halfway down and then slowly backing her head away from it.

Valda shook her head and shoved Sharn onto it, sending her deeper until her nose pressed against Valda's skin and she began to choke a little. Like that, Valda bucked her hips back and forth as she fucked Sharn's face, the orc gagging slightly as she came down until her lips touched silk, her tongue coming out of her mouth, spittle dripping from it and onto Valda's thighs. Valda kept this up, moaning softly as she forced Sharn to deepthroat the thing until the orc began to finger herself. Once Valda noticed Sharn pleasuring herself, she pulled the cock out and pulled the orc onto her feet, throwing her on her back against the sheets.

"What's the biggest you've ever taken?" She asked.

The girl's face went a darker green again as she looked away, "I don't know, maybe ten?"

Valda touched her cock, elongating it to a full foot and adding maybe an inch to its impressive girth. Sharn looked at it with worry as Valda closed in. She braced the head of it against the orc girl's pussy, Sharn clenching the sheets in preparation before Valda's hips slammed against her with irresistible force. Sharn moaned loudly as it entered her, spreading her apart, spared only by how wet she was and how lubricated the dildo was from her mouth and pussy. Valda set to work, thrusting hard and fast, pumping her like clockwork until Sharn's lascivious body bounced back and forth in a sinful rhythm.

She moaned loudly again and again, practically screaming as she clutched her own madly bouncing breast, groping it tightly. Valda leaned in and pressed her lips against Sharn's once more, pressing her own large chest against the orc's, their sweaty bodies rubbing together as she continued to pound her. This time, Sharn was more than receptive to the kiss, drool making her dark lips glisten against Valda's. Their tongues met in the middle for an intricate dance as the green girl moaned from the pleasure of Valda ravishing her. The barbarian traced her muscle along the inside of Sharn's teeth before parting, the orc panting in response. "You like it?"

Sharn nodded.

"Good, because I'm not done." She reached down and increased the length of the cock again, and now every time she brought her hips in, she slammed it against the entrance of Sharn's womb. The shock made the orc jump and shudder, even as her now soaked thighs quivered and her legs threatened to give up from the thing's massive girth spreading her further than she'd ever been taken. Valda rolled her head back and moaned, getting serious pleasure from it now, but realizing that Sharn was once again on the edge.

Valda withdrew, making the orc whimper for more. Quickly, she rolled Sharn onto her stomach and spread her cheeks, pressing the cock to her rear entrance.

"Wait, not there, I've never taken anything nearly that big!" Sharn pleaded, her eyes wide open and holding one hand out as she panicked.

Valda thrust in, accompanied by an agonized squeal followed by whimpering gasps from Sharn. She leaned down and whispered, "Now you have." Then she began slowly pumping the orc's ass as the orcs eyes began to water, her lips curling sadistically at the sound of moans escaping Sharn's lips in ever-increasing volume. 

This was more satisfying, but Valda still needed more as she reached down and yet again increased the size, albeit slightly, Valda's own tight lips stretched out far to accommodate her weapon of choice. Sharn gasped and moaned louder in response, her tender muscles constricting heavily around the cock as if they were trying to milk it. Valda laughed-she was getting close, but it was kind of fun making the orc squirm. Slowing her pace, she reached out and played with the orc's breasts, flicking one of the hard, small nipples with her fingernail before grabbing Sharn's hand and pulling it between her own legs. "Rub this," Valda said, making Sharn stimulate her by fingering the barbarian's clitoris, getting off a little bit at the orc's frustration at coming down from another near-orgasm. "Nope," she said as the orc tried to rub her own green breasts. "The only body you can please is mine." Sharn glared back up at her for a second, but then embarrassed herself by reaching out to feel one of Valda's breasts, her upper lip disappearing beneath her big lower teeth as she bit it and turned her head to avoid meeting the human's mocking eyes. 

Valda chuckled, then bit her own lip as she felt Sharn's fingers brush her nipples and clitoris just so. "Alright!" she announced, suddenly dragging out of Sharn's tight back door and pushing into her glittering wet sex one last time, stretching it out even further than before and falling on top of Sharn with the weight of her entire body. Valda raised her hips and began to ruthlessly pound the orc over and over again, one hand holding down by her shoulders while the other first squeezed her neck, then ran up and shut her mouth with the flat of her palm, Valda enjoying the sound of her labored breathing and muffled screams of pleasure.

"C-c-c-cum d-d-damn you!!" Sharn screamed in torture and ecstasy as Valda withdrew her hand and hammered her more and more, both of their bodies shaking out of her control. As if on cue, Valda finally came with her, letting the juices from both women shoot out from Valda's thighs to Sharn's heaving chest. Valda groaned as her muscles contracted over the dildo inside her, vibrating furiously against her own soft walls. As the orgasm passed, she withdrew from Sharn, spanking her yet again and harder than before, the orc yelping in response as Valda sat on the edge of the bed, throwing her messed up hair behind her and taking a moment to regain her composure.

Turning with interest to the orc still twitching on the bed, Valda slid two fingers between her shaking thighs and into the orc's quivering green pussy. Oohing at the amount of cum sticking to her as she slid it out, she leaned forward and pushed her wet fingers into Sharn's mouth to make her taste it, the orc readily lapping up the juices like a hungry dog.

"That was alright," Valda said. "For round one." 

Sharn whimpered.