 The sky was clear and sapphire blue, the fresh air loaded with the scent of seawater and tropical fruit. The sun's warm light sparkled off the crystal blue water of the bay, a perfect reflection of the sky save for the few white clouds lazily roaming the beautiful expanse. Waves lapped against the sandy beach at a soothing pace as the sound of the island's villagers carried happily through the air over the well-maintained, if primitive dock. But for the beautiful woman sitting naked on the edge, there was no village, only the peaceful, almost yearning calm of the ocean.

This was the island of the Maratou, unknown to most foreigners because of geographic isolation and native trickery. But, somewhere in the dark haired amazon's brash personality and lascivious figure, the volcanic-island dwellers had seen a little bit of themselves. And so she was now present via special invitation for the Grand Festival, her talents desired for one of the its annual rituals. A particularly popular event as far as island rituals go, it was meant to foster the younger generation's sexuality and a healthy amount of their hot-blooded nature. Another ritual celebrated more domestic virtues afterwards, but Valda held no interest in that and the villagers had no use for her in it.

The sweet fruits of this island were an incredible aphrodisiac, critical to the ritual and improving the islanders' stamina, both sexual and otherwise. The smell of all the recently harvested fruit was enough to make the inhabitants of the island a little friskier than normal, and that had an even greater effect on Valda, which was why the well-endowed amazon currently sat on the docks to refresh herself, with a slight breeze coming in from the ocean and with it, fresher air. Still, it was hard to wait for the festival to come as it was nearly a week away and promised a long night and part of a day, perhaps longer, of passion with some of the world's most well-endowed people.

Her feet dipped into the water, a brightly colored fish appearing every now and again to inspect her toes before darting away again. The barbarian woman, laying there with her tan, smooth skin exposed beautifully to the sun and warm breeze, was beginning to feel like taking a dip. Her gear and clothes (if you could really call them that) were left in the hut designated for her, one she shared with two young men and a young woman, all having just come of age and eager for their first festival. Valda's present task (although she was currently relieved of it, due to the timely help of a friend) was, ironically, to keep their virtues intact for now with the promise of something greater-her own body-in the future. It was a boring chore that she only endured because she too was promised a future gift. Besides enjoying herself thoroughly in the festival, she was allowed to freely stock up on local goods, from jewelry to helpful concoctions made from the alluring fruit. It was her price for returning to the island every year, so in the end she didn't mind babysitting.

Something caught Valda's eye as it approached her feet. Leaning over the water to get a better look, she almost slid off the pier as her hands grabbed the wood and her eyes went wide with shock. She thought she saw a woman, and more than that, one that didn't appear to be holding her breath. She slid her legs out from under her as she prepared to dive in to the girl's rescue. 

That was when she saw the blue tail that stretched from the woman's hips down past where her feet should be. This mermaid had fair skin and long, literally flowing, blonde hair. Her eyes were a deep blue and her full lips were ruby red. Her breasts were considerable, perhaps even larger than Valda's (although it was hard to tell through the water), and she looked up to the barbarian with a hopeful smile. Still, Valda's eyes were glued to her tail, with its iridescent blue scales, shining green when the light hit it just so, ending in a wide, gently flowing fin, waving slowly back and forth to keep her in a single position beneath the waves.

She reached her hand out and beckoned to Valda, but the barbarian was still shocked by the fantastic creature's sudden appearance. Yet as she glanced back at the village, Valda realized she still had an entire week's worth of temptations to deal with. Plus she'd been feeling like a swim anyways. She looked back, still hesitating. Her smoldering dark eyes met the mermaid's shimmering blues. Valda shrugged, stood up to take one last look at the clear blue sky, and dove in with a foamy white splash.

The water was just a little cold on her skin, but quite refreshing, and Valda adjusted fairly quickly. Now all was silent but for the sound of the ocean. Valda expected to hear the mermaid talk, but she simply looked at Valda with joy. She was obviously happy the woman had joined her in the water, but she didn't appear to have the words to say so. Valda looked down at herself for a moment, looking past her toes to see the depth of the water, about fifteen feet but clear enough that she had been able to see the bottom from the pier. She looked back up to find the mermaid's face nearly blocking her field of vision, then felt her smooth skin gently pressing against her as the mermaid grabbed her head and brought their lips together. Against her efforts, the surprise kiss forced water into Valda's mouth and she began coughing soundlessly. However, she was not drowning, to her amazement the water gently filled her lungs as she felt the mermaid's arms gently cradling her hips. The remaining air came out in bubbles as she began to inhale and exhale normally.

It slowly dawned on her the mermaid's kiss had granted her the ability to breathe underwater. Her lungs heavy with liquid instead of air, she began to slowly sink, but the mermaid caught her hand and gently kept her afloat, waving her tail to compensate for the both of them. She giggled silently, turning around to place the warrior's hands around her neck before beginning to swim.

Valda realized with some alarm that the mermaid was quite intent on taking her out to sea, whatever that entailed. She also realized that they were fast approaching the coral reef around the island. Would they stop there? Valda took a deep breath in through her nose and was overcome with the smell of salt. It didn't smell bad, necessarily, but it was strong and because the smell of the sea had been masked by the fruit harvest, it hit her hard. It took her a while to adjust, and by then the mermaid was slowing down. They had reached the outskirts of the reef. The mermaid found a clean patch of sand and gently allowed Valda to dismount, simply letting go and allowing the amazon to drift down until her feet hit the sand, the impact making a small white cloud around her toes.

It was marvelous. Valda's technically drowned but quite healthy state let her walk along the ocean floor, her long dark locks flowing behind her as she looked around. More than just the circumstances were surreal, her ears picked up no sound but the gentle rhythm of the ocean itself. It had plenty of color, though, as bright coral stood out against gray rock and brightly colored fish swam close enough to see every detail, but darting away as she reached out to touch them. Valda could feel the water flow around her, sometimes feeling nothing, but other times acting like a slight, but somehow filling breeze as the waves of the ocean rolled a good thirty feet overhead. The sand felt wet, of course, but it was a unique feeling, the wet sand against the water as she wiggled her toes. Everything felt clean, but naturally so. It felt like standing on the far end of a rainbow.

The mermaid swam down, circling Valda, her fingers tracing the woman's skin as it became apparent what she was after. Fortunately, this mermaid was no virgin Maratou, so Valda-who was more than willing-was happy to oblige. She smiled as she took the mermaid's face between her hands and pulled her in for another kiss, a real one this time, deep and aggressively sexual. When they parted, the mermaid blushed and Valda could clearly see that somewhere along the way, the scales between her hips had parted, exposing her comfortingly human-looking sex. It was cute and inviting, Valda thought, and entirely bald except a few tiny scales that thinly peppered the area above like the stubble of a recently (but not freshly) shaved human.

She swam in for another kiss, which Valda accepted, but her mind was elsewhere. She'd spent so much time already with the Maratou helping the younger ones keep it in their pants, she could hardly contain herself at the chance of getting her own release. Her hands danced down the mermaid's skin and came quietly to her womanhood, quickly but gently spreading the lips with her pointer and ring finger while the middle one began massaging her. The sea girl parted from the kiss in surprise, silently gasping as her cheeks turned beet red, biting her lip as she let it happen.

Valda's eyes strayed to the pale orbs hanging delicately from the mermaid's chest, her free hand sliding up and squeezing one within her between her fingers. The pale skin was so soft, so pliant in her hands as the sea girl squirmed in her grasp. The mermaid's lips parted as if in a moan, and she wrapped her arms around Valda's neck as the barbarian had her way with the sensitive flesh. Suddenly she swam higher, pulling Valda's groping hand off her breast but leaving her sex at eye level. She looked down nervously, a hint of desperation in her eyes before Valda gave her what she wanted, leaning in and pressing her lips against the beckoning sheath.

Valda's fingers kept the lips parted as her tongue danced over the mermaid's clit, then moved down over her soft flesh to circle her entrance, then went back and battered the button again. So far, the mermaid had been pleasantly forward, but Valda wasn't ready to give her the pleasure of penetration just yet. She ravaged the woman's clit, but kept her tongue from entering her spread hole, just teasing it and nothing more. The mermaid's hand came up and pressed on the back of Valda's head, trying to pull her in, her mouth open in silent moans, her tail flicking every so often from the pleasure.

Valda may not have been able to hear her, but she could tell that the mermaid was close to orgasm-she was sensitive, and seemed to have gone without pleasure for a long while. Valda stopped, her mouth parting from the sea maid's lower lips, depriving that bundle of nerves from her sensual tongue as she slowly, very slowly, took a step back and away from the mermaid. The mermaid looked confused and hurt, she didn't understand why Valda cut her off and her deep blue eyes searched for answers in Valda's own. 

Valda returned the look, but then answered by glancing down to her own body. The mermaid nodded and swam around Valda in a circle, coming in lower until she floated on her back between her legs. She rested her tail on the sand, lifting Valda's legs up, a thigh in each hand as she slowly brought her face to the warrior's womanhood. To help, the barbarian brought one of her own hands down, spreading her tender pink lips and blushing slightly in anticipation. The mermaid looked a little nervous, eyes glancing up to meet Valda's before looking at the task at hand.

Finally, she leaned in and pressed her lips around Valda' button, sucking on it with a force greater than Valda could have ever expected from such a gentle looking creature. That suction just seemed so much greater underwater than it had in air-Valda instantly arched her back and bucked her hips, although no sound came as she moaned with mouth wide open. The mermaid worked her hard with her ruby lips but while it was driving the barbarian crazy, it wasn't enough to bring an experienced lover like Valda to orgasm by itself, although it was clearly better than most could do based on her wild response.

Valda tried to nudge the mermaid's head lower, but the aquatic girl's timidity had vanished and she merely looked up at the land-dweller with a raised eyebrow, her lips still pressed to the barbarian's spread pussy. She refused to go down to Valda's own hole and the barbarian let out a soundless sigh, shrugging her muscled shoulders. She'd done the same to her, it was only fair. She placed her hands on the mermaid's arms and took her off of her womanhood, standing in front of her again and leaning in for a kiss.

Valda knew the way to compromise, and when she parted from that kiss, tried to swim a little bit, finding that she was still as fast as ever, but that she had a tendency to sink rather than float. Still she managed to swim up, then back around, sliding upside down under her lover as she brought her face to the mermaid's lower lips and wrapped herself in place with her arms and legs, her own hungry sex now right where the mermaid needed it. The sea-dweller immediately did her part, catching Valda's thighs with her arms, although their weight made them begin to drift down until Valda's back gently hit the sand, the mermaid floating easily above her.

Now, Valda's tongue flitted over the mermaid's clit one last time, stopping just short of pressing inside her eager hole while she felt the mermaid do the same. Starting slowly and surely, but then in a sudden surge of energy, they plunged their tongues into one another, mirroring each other like synchronized swimmers. Then it really began. Valda's hot tongue penetrated deeply, wiggling around with abandon, defying the mermaid's surprisingly tight walls before retreating and coming back up to suck on her little bundle of nerves. She went deeper and deeper, tonguing her like there was no tomorrow, pushing the back of the mermaid's tail where her ass would be to pull the mermaid's body tighter while she did the best she could to emulate Valda and keep up with the barbarian's sheer intensity.

Their pleasure began mounting as their tongues ravaged one another. The mermaid, although shy at first, seemed to be learning, no longer following Valda's lead, instead reacting to the barbarian's sensitive spots and targeting those areas. Soon, Valda was right on the edge of orgasm, just a little more and she could finally purge herself of all her built up needs. She felt the mermaid's body and walls clench around her tongue, she was cumming, and not just a little. Valda felt a flood of warmer juices hit her face, the sweet taste and smell bringing her even closer. Just a little more! But suddenly she felt the mermaid's weight shoot out of her grip, in an instant she was gone, and Valda's legs fell down and hit the sand in soft white explosions. Rolling to her knees and looking around in confusion, she saw that a merman was floating not ten feet away, his face looking just as shocked as hers after being robbed of her hard-earned climax.

The mermaid had rushed over to him, communicating via body language, frantically trying to apologize, or to explain herself. Valda couldn't quite understand them, but it seemed as though Valda had unintentionally made herself a homewrecker-this was definitely the mermaid's mate, or betrothed, or something along those lines. Was he not able to satisfy her? Perhaps, but it didn't look like it was from a lack of the equipment-some spread scales and a very prominent, blue-tipped erection made Valda wonder how long he had been floating there. That was when she put two and two together. The woman had obviously been inexperienced, judging by how nervous she had been at first, and how she had copied Valda's movements in the beginning. Valda figured that maybe these water-dwellers were conservative about their sex lives, and that, unable to turn to this man for whatever reason, the mermaid had come to Valda with an itch she needed scratched.

That in of itself was fine, Valda didn't mind being "used." But, damn it, she hadn't cum yet and that was unacceptable. Still, the sudden arrival of the male was intriguing- if somehow she could get him to join them, it would be even better than having her orgasm when she had wanted it. The two were embroiled in what appeared to be an argument, both flushed faces and both seemingly aroused despite themselves. Valda wasn't the most subtle person, what with it suiting neither her personality nor her profession, so she confidently made her way over to the couple. They noticed her fairly quickly, but continued arguing, knowing that Valda wouldn't understand or even hear their language. That's when she took a firm grasp of the merman's member and began stroking, her hand running up and down his firm, thick shaft, her finger rubbing against the tip as she smiled then looked down as she started stroking back and forth faster and faster.

That stopped their bickering. They looked shocked, this time the mermaid more than the merman. Clearly, he was enjoying himself despite his reservations, but that wasn't the problem. He still looked stunned and whatever society he was from just didn't have an answer to this. Valda didn't stop stroking until his cock was rock hard, then she stilled, gently pressing her thumb against the precum-leaking tip before releasing him. Looking them both in the eyes, one at a time, she kicked off with one foot, gently floating back to where her and the mermaid had been earlier, beckoning to them.

The merman gave the mermaid a look, his shoulder length black hair flowing behind him as his green eyes met her blues and he smirked mischieviously. If what she wanted was to bring a third person into their bedroom, then he supposed he'd give it a try. He swam to Valda, who embraced him eagerly, kissing him and caressing his manly cheek as her hand went back down to his member, stroking it once again.

The mermaid looked on with an hanging jaw as Valda slowly laid down in the sand, legs and womanhood spread for the merman, biting her lip and urging him on with a simple look and bat of her eyes. He eagerly came down and guided his huge cock to the entrance of Valda's wet hole, his blue shield spreading her swollen pink lips. With a single, somewhat rough thrust he entered her, and both let out a silent moan, Valda wrapping her arms around his thick biceps and arching her back, her long hair flowing in a wide arc behind her as she rolled back her head. The mermaid swam over, worry covering her face. This was not what she had intended, her plan had backfired horribly. What was she to do?

The merman began thrusting more, settling into a steady rhythm, showing impressive stamina and skill for someone who very likely did not get regular release. Valda's dark eyes met the mermaid's as her body rocked underneath his, an expression of pleasure meeting one of worry. She beckoned to the woman with one hand-Valda wanted both at the same time. But the mere thought was too much for the mermaid, whose horrified gaze went back and forth between her man and her mistress. She shook her head. Valda shrugged and wrapped her hands around the merman's neck, kissing him deeply as his deep thrusts bounced her floating breasts up against his wide chest and buried her back deeper in the sand. Now, they were going to put on a show for the mermaid until she decided to quit being a spectator.

He kept thrusting and she bucked her hips against him, until the ocean was alive with the dull sound of her flesh slapping against his smooth scales. Valda ran her hands along the muscular flesh of the merman, entranced by his beautiful pale white and blue body, finding one hand tangled in his dark locks as he continued pounding her. She urged him faster, finding that merpeople were talented at intuiting body language. Soon, the slaps echoed loudly and white sand was floating in every direction around them as Valda's body shook from the pressure. She clung tightly to him, getting thrust deep and hard, filled up and, as his pace reached its peak, closing in on satisfaction. She could forget the other girl now-she was finally going to have her release and she didn't need the stuffy, cockless mermaid to do it. She was almost there, she could feel her walls constricting over his hard rod in advance, she was ready, she was so close, then he was gone.
