 It started with a scream.

Valda was traveling through the Endless Canyons, an appropriately named expanse of nearly uninhabited sandrock beds, carved by ancient rivers only a few of which remained. She was resting under a gnarly tree by one such stream, cursing the hot sun as she tried to figure out if she was lost in this dry maze of stone and brush.

She sprung up immediately, grabbing her sword from where it had been leaning against the tree. Another cry pierced the calm air, and Valda realized that it came from just over the nearest orange slope. She flew up the dusty side of the scarp, coming down to her hands as she peeked over the top, and for good reason-she thought she heard a roar. 

Unfortunately, she was right.

Valda could just make out the screamer: a tall, thin-looking woman, who had found temporary refuge in a jumble of immense stones. But she barely took note of her-she was far too busy taking in her monstrous attacker. A gigantic, bipedal saurian with a face full of spikes and teeth was gnashing at the gaps in the rocks, slowly crushing them or rolling them out of the way as it tore its way towards the terrified woman. 

Valda took a few quiet steps closer, eyeing the monster from above for some clue on how to bring it down. Her sword would be nearly useless, judging by the thickness of its scales. That left only the two hand axes at her side. Fortunately, she had a temporary advantage in height. Valda ran across the cliffside until she was almost directly above the beast, putting away her sword and taking one of her wicked looking axes in each hand. 

The girl below was just seconds from death, the hot breath of the giant lizard filling her nostrils with the smell of blood and rotten meat. She closed her eyes and tried to accept her fate-when suddenly Valda sprang off the side of the cliff and landed on the monster's back, locking her legs across its neck as if riding on horseback. Valda knew that her strength on its own couldn't pierce through its armor, but she saw that its scales were laid in a particular direction-meaning that with the right angle she could strike between them. With an enormous heave, she sent one of her axes between the scales under the base of its monstrous skull. The beast reared back with a mighty roar, enraged by the pain and the distraction from its quarry. The wound was not deep, but the ax was planted firmly in it's neck.

Now, it bounded furiously around the clearing, trying to buck Valda off, ignoring the woman still cowering in the rocks. Valda aimed her next ax carefully, doing her best to overcome her body thrashing around as the creature jerked like a wild bull. It came down just next to the first, forcing the scales even further apart. A thick red spray of blood splashed onto Valda as she pulled out the first axe and did the same thing yet again, the third blow leaving a clear gash in its hard armor, the axes holding it open like surgical pliers.

Now was her chance to try something decisive before she was thrown off and stomped like a rat. Decisive-and absolutely insane. But it was the only chance she had. Keeping one hand on an axe handle for balance, she reached for her sword and wrapped it under her arm, her hand holding the dull bottom portion of her long blade with the guard stuck between the muscles of her arm and shoulder like a crutch. Swinging her hips to get as much momentum as she could, she thrust the point into the center of the gash, gaining a few inches as the beast started bucking even more wildly, its eyes filled with rage. Valda's rear was lifted completely off the thing's back for a terrifying second-she was running out of time. She released the axe as her chest slammed into the back of the beast's thick neck, nearly knocking the wind out of her and making her bite her lip as she leaned over, punching the sword deeper by slamming the hilt with the flat of her palm before grabbing the guard from both sides and using her arms to saw it in deeper. Second by second, it went a little further in, all while she felt her grip on the beast slipping, her time running out. 

Finally the beast's angry bucking turned into wild, uncontrolled spasms, which grew weaker and weaker as the blood-soaked barbarian pressed the tip of her blade into its spinal cord. It ceased roaring, and Valda leapt off as it buckled and fell on its side, paralyzed and dying. Valda watched it, almost moved to pity by its last moments as she stood up, legs still shaking and laid a hand against the canyon wall, somewhat amazed that she survived.

The other woman crawled out of the rocks and stumbled over to greet her saviour. Her dark brown dreadlocks hung down to her wiry shoulders, and her thin body was tall, but not exactly built like an athlete, more like a gangly bookworm or scribe that had somehow gotten lost out here in the wilderness. The woman looked at the blood-splattered Valda with astonished, admiring green eyes as she approached the bloodied and panting barbarian, "I-I have to thank you. You saved my life, that was incredible!"

Valda acknowledged her with a wave of the hand before stumbling over to the fresh carcass to retrieve her weapons. Wrapping her hands across the handles one at a time, she strained her arms and pulled the axes out one at a time before gingerly starting to pull on her sword, taking care to keep pull absolutely straight. Her efforts were for naught, however, and with a quick, anticlimactic crack, her sword broke, and half of it slid out with a gross schlick. Valda held it up, staring at for a moment before tossing it aside with revulsion. 

Valda let out a string of curses that would curdle milk as she sat down on the dead beast's limp leg. Now all she had was her axes-it was hard to even fashion spears with the dry, twisted wood of these heat-blasted canyons. How long would it be before she could replace her sword? And what if she came across another monster? She was proud of her skill with the axe, but she was still a swordswoman at heart.

Her cursing had evidently spooked her rescuee. When Valda finally turned to the nervously staring stranger, she fell backwards, landing on her back.

Valda raised an eyebrow at the woman. All things considered, the woman was relatively attractive, only she obviously didn't have it together. While she was young and had a striking face, her clothes were tatters and she had a generally shifty, slightly unfed look. It reminded Valda of the small urchins she sometimes saw in larger cities, although the woman didn't appear to be starving or anything. "I don't suppose you're from a nearby village?"

The woman awkwardly stood up and brushed herself off. "I-I'm sorry, but afraid not." She muttered.

Valda went back to ignoring her, now examining the large amounts of blood drying across her body with disgust.

"Um, it's a cabin, not a village, but I don't live far from here, why don't we go and get that blood off of you? I can at least offer you a bath and a meal," offered the dusky stranger.

Valda examined herself through the reflection of one of her axes. Even her face was partially covered in dinosaur blood. She sighed.

"Yeah, alright. That sounds good," Valda said with a resigned tone. It had been a long day.

She smiled nervously, "G-good. My name's Grendy, I'll show you the way."

Valda's eyebrow raised again.

Grendy sighed. "Yeah, like the monster. I'm just a human, though. A sorceress, but still, there's no reason to worry."

Now Valda was interested. A spellcaster... maybe she could come in handy after all.

The sorceress lived in cleverly hidden cabin built inside a twisting ravine. The facade, such as it was, looked like a delapitaded shack, with just a wooden front and roof, the walls on both side just being the cavern walls. Indoors, however, it was surprisingly roomy, and comfortably cool compared to the heat outside. Grendy's home was built next to and partially above an underground river, the hot water of which the witch had somehow channeled into running indoors through fissures in her rock walls. Conveniently shaped stones formed a "sink" in the main area, although Valda could hear much more running in the next room, which she correctly guessed was where Grendy bathed. Grendy led her into this bathroom, which was quite decadent as far as cabins in monster-infested wastelands were concerned-several founts of hot water emptied into a large recess in the floor, which flowed back into the wall through cracks on the bottom. Valda merely had to walk down a roughly hewn staircase in the water and she could enjoy a nicely heated bath. 

While the barbarian was bathing, Grendy prepared herself to properly host her guest, starting by cleaning herself off with the sink. Valda was definitely upset about her broken sword, and on the way back, the enchantress realized she might be able to do something about that. It almost slipped her mind, but now Grendy was almost certain she was going to remedy that problem for the barbarian-she just needed to check her rescuer for certain qualities first, lest she waste a valuable gift.

Valda came out in one of Grendy's robes, her formerly blood-stained laundry hanging outside to dry (which probably wouldn't take terribly long, considering Valda hardly wore anything). She found Grendy in a fresh white robe, sitting cross-legged in a meditative pose next to a pentagram she had just drawn onto the floor.

"What's going on?" Valda asked with a cautious tone, giving the arcane symbol a wide berth.

"I-I wanted to thank you for what you did." 

"How's that?" Valda asked, still wary, more than aware that strange magic sometimes had dire consequences. Maybe there was a reason this woman lived like an outcast... maybe she was dangerous.

"Well," Grendy blushed, "My magic. I can use it on you-I mean, you can use it for... release, if you're interested."

"Oh?" Valda asked, intrigued. She had been traveling alone for a while at this point. While there were few people more independent that weren't outright hermits, going this long without stopping at any kind of settlement... she was getting tired of fingering herself before bed as her only outlet. And now that she had a good look at her, this spindly hostess of hers was more than acceptable-not the loveliest creature Valda had been with, but quite fetching, especially now that she had cleaned herself up.

"Yeah. Well. If you don't me to do it, I won't-I mean obviously I wont! B-but I wanted to offer." She looked down and scratched her messy head, blushing.

"No, I want to try it." Valda said immediately. "It'll be a good way to repay me, I think."

That made Grendy smile, although her cheeks were still red. Valda had to smile, this girl was just so awkward. "Alright, step into the center of the pentagram, please. Oh... but first, take your clothes off."

Valda nodded, sliding off the robe as she took a few steps forward. "Ready when you are," she said huskily, running one hand through her freshly cleaned hair, her still-damp body immediately covering with goosebumps, nipples hardening as they were exposed to the cool air.

"W-wow. I mean, alright." Grendy slid off her own robes and put them behind her before resuming her meditative pose. She wasn't wearing any underwear-Valda got to take a nice, close look at her completely in the nude before began muttering a strange incantation.

Grendy was pale, her breasts small but perky, ending in dusky nipples that went hard almost immediately. She didn't have much fat on her body, but not much muscle either, leaving her quite thin overall, with prominent hip and collar bones. Beneath her belly button, Valda could see her she had nearly shaved off her dark bush, her freshly trimmed state leaving her small slit exposed to the air as well.

"Dia ruoy em dnel, dliw dna tsul fo stirips! Nodnaba dna evol fo uoy ot etubirt sreffo hctiw elbmuh siht," Grendy began, closing her eyes and speaking deliberately, apparently having to concentrate quite hard on saying the right words. Valda felt her hair standing up on the back of her head, the air in the room suddenly felt thick with electricity. 

Suddenly Grendy stuck two fingers between her legs, dipping them into her sex with a light gasp before slowly pulling them back out. She reached forward and touched the pentagram with her damp fingers...

The dark room suddenly filled with light as the pentagram flashed and erupted in a burst of fire. But while Valda felt the wind and heat flash across her face, it didn't burn. She looked back and saw Grendy stand up, eyes fluttering open and meeting hers before continuing the incantation, the design underneath Valda's feet continuing to glow.

"Stirips ho! Ecneserp ruoy fo wonk tuls siht tel!" Valda peered at the sorceress as her hair was flung around as it caught in a strong, warm wind. She could not understand the words, but, somehow, they felt familiar. 

Suddenly, Valda felt something brushing against her smooth skin. Then a lot of somethings. She looked down, gasping in amazement as she saw small glimpses of light dashing across her skin like fireflies. They looked like transparent, golden fingers, winking in and out of existence, but Valda could feel them rubbing up and down her body. The touch of strong hands hovering for a few seconds over her shoulders, massaging her firmly but gently. A fingertip brushing the tip of her nipple. A palm stroking her thighs. All ephemeral... but so real, so comforting. She closed her eyes, her lips parting slightly as she found herself relaxing, letting herself just be touched, feeling warm and wanted.

Grendy's eyes flashed open again, and she smiled in excitement at seeing the chant work as intended. Clapping her hands together, she happily-and much less carefully-continued.

"Stirips thgirla! Wolf seciuj esoht ekam s'tel!" She practically shouted, arms held up dramatically, then opened her eyes again and leaned forward, hands on her knees, staring between Valda's legs to watch the results.

But nothing happened. At least, not where Grendy was looking. Valda, meanwhile, started to moan as her chest began to feel heavier and heavier. Then they started to move as the flickering hands began groping them and playing with them almost to the exclusion of the rest of her as they slowly swelled in size, Valda's nipples stretching tenderly as she blushed and bit her lip at the strange sensation. Finally, just as Grendy looked up and noticed what was going on, a glowing finger and thumb appeared around Valda's hard, swollen nipple and pinched it roughly-squeezing white milk into the air and dripping it at Valda's feet. 

"What did you do that for?" Valda moaned through flushed cheeks as she felt both of her swollen breasts being used, squirting milk into the air one at a time, then together while she wiggled in place, panting, stomach heaving as she breathed heavily, having never experienced anything like it before. 

"I'm sorry-I must have been too vague!" Grendy bit her lip-the strange sight turning her on, making her own sex drip with excitement. But she wasn't lying when she continued. "I just meant to make you really wet!"

"Don't cast spells on me if you don't know what you're doing!" Valda said angrily before gasping and closing her eyes, feeling two fingers from nowhere slide into her now wet pussy just as more milk was drawn from her now incredibly sensitive breasts. 

"I'm so sorry!" Grendy fretted as Valda's angry words echoed through her ears. "Wait a second: Don't-of course! That'll work!" Grendy nearly jumped for joy, having figured out the perfect way to please Valda without using the barbarian as a guinea pig. She jumped onto the glowing symbol, grabbing Valda's shoulders and gently pushing her out before pressing her palms together and lowering her head as if in prayer, still smiling in excitement.

"Stirips ho! Emit tsal eno pleh ruoy em tnarg! Revol tcefrep a otni epahs ym egnahc!"

Valda stood there in confusion, hands holding her leaky breasts, as the witch chanted the strange words. The light from the floor glew brighter and brighter, as if it was building up to an explosion of magical energy. She felt herself starting to panic as Grendy's thin body started floating up into the air, and the witch's green eyes disappeared into glowing orbs of light. Her dreadlocks whipped about wildly, writhing like snakes-and starting to grow, to change into something else. Some of them came all the way down to the floor, growing thicker and thicker until they looked like the roots of a great tree, their size keeping the witch suspended as she stopped levitating. Her body itself kept its generally shape, but everything seemed heightened-her wiry arms seemed to have more muscle, her hips seemed wider, and Valda could swear she was even a few inches taller. The slight imperfections of her face and body symmetry had disappeared, and her jawline became angular, her chin coming out almost to a point. 

But none of that compared to the hair. With the roots of the new creature firmly in place, the rest of her.. tendrils took other shapes, each unique, but some quite similar. A few grew into sharp tips, tentacles to be used for grasping, holding, and even spanking. Some ended with dark mouths with strangely colored lips, others were simply suckers, Valda even saw a few tongues whittling about. But the biggest, the thickest, had solidified into the familiar, thick-shielded shape of cocks-although they were much bigger and more imposing than any man's.

Valda backed away in fear, leaning flat against the wall as several tentacles floated through the air at her. A fat dick floated towards her at eye level, seemingly staring her down as it leaked grey pre into the air, distracting her while a wide, mouth-like tendril came beside her head extended its long, fork-tipped tongue to run a single long, wet lick up the side of her cheek. Valda gulped and looked at Grendy's face one more time; Grendy looked back at her, eyes glowing bright as her mouth opened, revealing long white fangs as her tongue rolled out, wiggling all the way down to her the monster's collar bone.

Time to leave. Valda sprang from the wall, the distraction of her heavy, dripping chest suddenly forgotten as her survival instincts kicked and she bounded across the room straight for the door. 

Too late. A long, thick rope wrapped whipped around her legs like a lasso, the flat edge beating against her round tush with a loud thwap as it locked her knees together, letting her fall face-forward to the ground before dragging her unceremoniously back across the floor.

"Shit!" Valda shouted as her fingernails left long scratches in the floor, her smushed breasts leaking two uneven white trails between the grooves as she was roughly pulled back and tossed into a corner like a doll. By the time she recovered it was too late to avoid being surrounded by tentacles. Two shot around her legs, wrapping her up from the ankles to the knees and lifting her upside down into the air. They turned her to face what used to be Grendy as she tried to kick free, banging her fists uselessly against the thick, vine-like tendrils. 

The creature wouldn't have any of it. Valda yelped at the sharp stings as two ropes of monster flesh cracked like whips on either cheek of her round bottom, leaving tender pink stripes across her backside. Valda's howls at the spanking distracted her enough for yet more tentacles to wrap themselves around her wrists, pinning her arms behind her back as she was slowly hoisted toward her erstwhile host's mostly human body, still squirming as whip after whip tanned her ass and back while more tentacles squeezed milk out of her front. Suspended only a foot or two from Grendy's now unnaturally smooth skin, Valda found her field of vision slowly rising from her noticeably wet sex, over her suddenly toned and firm stomach, past her pert and glistening breasts, and finally to her intimidating, sadistically lustful face. 
