 Grey's eyes seemed heavy... her whole body seemed heavy. With a confused groan, she lifted her shoulders off the ground, balancing herself on her hands and knees while she struggled to catch her bearings.

Where was she? Slowly she remembered... the island of the Maratou. The same place they had the orgy last night. Only now, it was dark, and she was alone.

Why was she alone? She looked around. Considering what happened last night, the room was remarkably clean, at least in the dark. It didn't even smell, although she supposed if it did she might not be able to tell over the pervasive scent of tropical fruit that filled the island even here. 

Her mind struggled to recall the details. She remembered Kel... and Deanna... but had she gotten to Valda? If she didn't make the barbarian hers, the whole trip was for nothing. She searched in the darkness for answers, finding nothing to buoy her spirits.

Her heart sank. For the first time since she was a little girl, the drow choked back a tear. "Goddess, why me?" She thought to herself. A year ago, she would have been able to truly enjoy the orgy. The pleasures of the island would have delighted her, and she would have pursued them with reckless abandon. Now they were empty, and had only prevented her from getting what she truly wanted. "Goddess..." she said softly, burying her head in her sticky hands.

Suddenly the doors crashed open, the floor shaking under Grey's feet. Light shone in, blinding the drow and exposing her dark skin, still unwashed from the night's revels. After a moment, the drow was able to make out a familiar silhouette. Her mouth gaped.

"You didn't think I forgot about you?" Valda asked as she took a step towards the drow, her beautiful, confident face stepping into view while the rest remained obscured. 

Grey couldn't find the words to respond. Valda laughed, stepping closer. "Get up and come over here," she ordered, her voice both tender and commanding. Grey struggled to comply, but didn't have the strength to get off her knees. 

Valda tutted. "Still so defiant. Well, don't worry, I have ways to make you follow orders," she now came fully into view. Naked and just as perfect as the drow remembered, but for one thing--she was sporting the biggest strap-on Grey had seen, a giant phallus that would make even Kel blush. 

"Y-yes," was all she could say. Valda's eyebrow rose as the barbarian smirked, running a hand through Grey's short hair.

*** The sound of Grey moaning Valda's name in her sleep made the barbarian's hair stand on her neck as it echoed from one side of the primitive, yet practical Maratou ship to the other. The barbarian reached to take another sip of grog, scratching her head and fidgeting awkwardly while Kel stared from across the small table they were playing cards on. It was still several hours before they would be in sight of the mainland.

"Still she cries for you," Kel said. "I am worried, I had thought she would wake by now. I feel partly responsible. I should have been more easy on her."

"You're fine," Valda responded, spilling a little of her drink on her lower lip as the vessel rocked ever so lightly on the gentle waves. "She's been messed up since I've known her," she said, wiping the spill off on the back of her hand and then licking it off her skin.

"And only since," the orc mused thoughtfully. 

Valda grimaced, not liking the thought of Grey obsessing over her. "You know, it's enough to just beat my ass in cards, you don't have to try to make me feel bad."

"You lose because you do not plan ahead," the orc responded, flatly ignoring the rest of her statement.

Valda glared at him, then sighed, turning her gaze across the ship, where Deanna could be seen tanning herself in the nude while Maratou sailors sat idle, the soothing breeze doing most of their work for them. 

"I'll try to keep my distance from her from now on," Valda said finally just as she lost another round.

"That would probably be best for both of you," Kel said, emotionless as he dealt another hand.

"You don't seem too excited about winning."

"You're not very good," he said flatly.

Valda straightened up, her bottom lip poking out as she took offense before shrugging it off and leaning forward, crossing her arms to puff out her now sun-spotted cleavage as she smiled suggestively. "Why don't we try something I am good at?" she asked.

"Oh?" The orc raised an eyebrow, then growled softly as he felt her slide a bare foot under the table and use it to gently stroke his inner thigh. She smiled more mischieviously, sliding the foot more and more until the orc jerked straight and then hopped out of his seat. "I'll get Deanna to join us."

"Sounds good," Valda grinned, clearing the table so it could be put to a much better, messier use.