 The old crone sat with her back turned, cackling softly to herself over gods-knew-what and slowly stirring a cauldron full of mysterious meat and other foul-smelling things. Valda glared at her from behind the last patch of brush in the ravine, trying to determine if she was the lich the barbarian was looking for.

Valda's tan skin was decorated today with golden arabesques that let her blend in with the sandstone of the ravine during this ruthless dry season. The camouflage was more than a fashion statement- the barbarian was on a dangerous, if far-fetched, mission. Four townspeople had gone out to the rocky hills on the edge of the savanna and never returned. Two merchants whose regular trips were crucial to the local economy had never arrived. All signs pointed to the people disappearing in this area. The townspeople blamed an ancient legend, a lich of tremendous power. Normally Valda would have been skeptical, but their sincerity, the certainty of their beliefs had her believing them, so she took the job of ridding them of this menace. 

She slowly crawled behind her quarry, stalking along like a cat on all fours until she was almost in striking distance. Finally she was right behind the old crone. She slowly, silently rose up on her feet.

Her blade touched the woman's throat. "Don't move a muscle, hag."

The old woman, all bones underneath a great black cloak, chuckled softly. "You really fell for it, didn't you?" she croaked. 

Valda's skin crawled as the hag's laughter was joined by one voice after another. She stiffened up and looked around to find the top of the ravine-and the exits-covered by an entirely too large group of bandits. So much for the lich theory.

The thieves on the ground quickly encircled her. Valda thought of taking the crone-clearly the brains of the operation-hostage, but the hag held up a tiny crossbow towards the barbarian's bare navel. "Don't think about it," her voice cracked. "Just stand still. That's right, it'll all be over soon... at least after my boys have their fun with AAAGHH-!"

Valda had kicked over the boiling cauldron, scalding the bandit leader mid-sentence, the foul soup covering her head to toe. The barbarian dove aside as a crossbow bolt flew from behind and above the hag, barely saving enough time to raise her guard and block a vicious lunge by the closest bandit. 

She struck back, landing an awesome blow that separated his neck, but before she could rejoice three more were on her. They weren't ready for the barbarian's skill, but then she wasn't ready for their numbers. A chaotic melee ensued, Valda using her physical talents to the utmost to dodge attacks from every direction and strike whenever she had the opportunity. 

Moments later, Valda stood panting in a puddle of blood. The floor of the ravine was strewn with scattered bodies of her foes, but the barbarian was still trapped, the majority of the bandits still alive and grinning at each other as her obvious fatigue spurred their confidence. The barbarian scowled back at them, confident she could take down a few more, but slowly resigning herself to the fact that this time, there would be no escape.

Or so she thought. 

Suddenly there was a flash of green fire all across the ravine, forcing the barbarian to cover her eyes as the heat singed her eyebrows and the air was filled with the sounds of her attackers screaming. Her hair whipped around wildly and she grit her teeth, bracing for the end. But death didn't come for her. She opened her eyes and found herself surrounded by charred bodies, some of them still covered in green flames.

The fires never burned out. Instead they began slithering off their victims and towards a point some twenty paces in front of her, turning into one small but bright pile, churning out black smoke. The barbarian looked on wild-eyed as the smoke began taking shape in three points, a head and wide, pointed shoulders, then falling down like a cape as the fire died and a figure the size of a tall man appeared in its place.

A foul looking husk stood in front of her, green dotted eyes and an elaborate but ratty cloak all that covered a nearly skeletonized body. The lich. Valda raised her sword as its mouth swung open like a door hanging off its hinges. The skin on her back crawled as she could see several foggy green shapes flow out from the bodies of the dead and into the lich's mouth, a sucking noise filling the air of the ravine and making even the bold amazon struggle to not cry out in fear.

The last of the fog went inside the lich's mouth, and the sucking noise stopped as its mouth swung shut. Valda tensed-but the lich held out its hand. The barbarian watched uneasily as the dried skin over the skeleton form started to turn from a rotten black to a smooth, pale white, the muscles and fat underneath the skin apparently regenerating as well. The skull and beady eyes began filling out into a gaunt, almost elvish face, pale lips growing out to cover its ivory teeth and gray, cobweb-like strands of hair turning light blonde. In a manner of seconds the lich actually became a lithe, pale skinned, and rather handsome man, albeit still intimidating in his menacing but ragged wardrobe.

"Lich Velan!" Valda sputtered.

The lich ignored her tone, reaching up to pull off his hood, his long hair blowing in the wind. "Yes. I take it these witless savages had been committing foul deeds and I was blamed? That's usually the case whenever lone adventurers start wandering these lands looking for a lich to slay."

Valda blinked back at him, confused.

"Well, there are your culprits. Either go back and tell them the truth or find my lair and face me, depending on if you value the gold they promised you, or your life. I don't kill for no reason, but your life can serve me as well as theirs has." As soon as he finished speaking, the lich disappeared into smoke once more, a cloud of it whisping further into the ravine and leaving Valda alone.

The barbarian was stunned, standing in the ravine, looking around at the charred remains of those that had assaulted her. Absent mindedly, she began walking in the direction of where the lich had been, her thoughts still swirling in her head. If he hadn't showed up when he had, she would probably be dead. Perhaps worse.

She felt gratitude, yes. Velan had saved her life, definitely, but liches were always evil, right? Valda knew next to nothing about what a lich was aside from the fact that they were undead and that they lived by stealing the lives of others. She'd had some of the horrible details of how they became liches described to her when it was pertinent, but she never really cared how something or someone had gotten the way it was, just the way it was now. 

Still, he had saved her and that was what mattered. Who was she to judge him, anyway? One could say that she'd done much good in her life, but she'd almost always done it for a price, when she could, anyways. It ended up balancing out and if you looked at it like that, wasn't the lich a good guy for saving her and taking the lives of all these evil people?

Valda had made it to the edge of the ravine where the lich had appeared. Its black skin and that terrible noise it made stuck with her, but so did his soft, pale flesh and the fact that she was still alive. In the distance, she could just barely see wisps of Velan's smoke. If she hurried now, she could follow him. She sat off, her mind made.

Lucky for her, he didn't just teleport and he didn't seem to make it hard on her to follow him. Still, she had to run just about as fast as she could, which made it hard to be stealthy. Hard, but hopefully not impossible, she thought to herself as her legs began to feel the burn and she began breathing heavily from the long exercise.

The lich had led her to a cave in a series of sparsely forested hills. She began to slow, catching her breath, aware she was going to need to save her energy. Valda hoped that the cave wasn't just some sort of tunnel because if so, it was going to make her lose him. Valda could run for miles under normal circumstances, but that had been a long ways to sprint-it was good that they had finally made it to his lair.

Slowly, tentatively, she made her way into the cave. The inside was dark and it took a little while for her eyes to adjust, but soon she was cautiously picking her way through its narrow passages. Oddly, it went from natural cave to ruins once nearly all of the light from the entrance was gone. She was still moving carefully to keep her footing, but the ground went into an even path and led to walls that she could place her hands on. She began looking for some sort of torch and found one almost immediately.

Now she could see the ruins. They were made out of dark stone, almost reminiscent of the material drow used in their buildings, but the architecture was significantly different. On the outside, the bricks were smooth, but once Valda entered through an archway, she began to see letters, runes, inscribed here and there. She wondered what they were for, stepping carefully for fear of magical traps.

Finally, she came upon some sort of combination of a anteroom and a laboratory with tomes of lore in dusty old bookshelves and components, surely magical, scattered about large tables. In the center of the room was a stone throne. It looked somewhat different from the rest of the room, as if it had been brought here from another place. Everything was dusty and old and in the center of the room sat Velan, the lich.

He looked bored and quite clearly disappointed, "So, you choose to challenge me. Pity."

Valda reached up, grabbing her sword... and then threw it aside. She shook her head. "You saved my life. I came here because I owe you thanks."

The lich arched an eyebrow as she threw away her weapon, but did not appear amused. "Your thanks are worthless, mortal, and you have nothing else to offer me. Begone."

"Is that so?" Valda asked, taking a step forward and popping her breasts out with a smirk.

"... Perhaps not."

"I thought so," Valda bit her bottom lip as she approached, tossing her scanty rags aside. She reached a finger out to stroke his cheek, tracing it down his slightly gaunt but handsome face as she straddled the cloaked lich's lap. "Why don't you whip it out-Velan, was it?" she asked as she began bluntly undressing him, unfastening his cloak and letting it fall to the floor before getting started on his strange robes, taking the opportunity to run her hands along his flat chest.

"At least the locals still remember my name," Velan scoffed. "You have me at a disadvantage," he said, running his fingers along her side, feeling her toned muscles, squeezing her firm body with quiet admiration. Valda liked that-too many clumsy lovers just went straight to fondling her abundant breasts, he seemed to have enough experience to appreciate the more particular aspects of her physique. 

Valda worked Velan's robes apart, exposing the long, thick rod as pale as the rest of his body, already hardening as the nude barbarian straddled his lap. For someone like Velan, who had just prior appeared as a husk, then a whisp of smoke, it made sense that he wasn't a paragon of modesty, he seemed beyond that. Valda liked it, it made it easier to get down to business.

She was also glad that her saviour was well-endowed. She supposed that if he was not, she'd still thank him, maybe cut to the chase though, cut out the bells and whistles so she could be on her way. However, seeing that Velan was packing impressive tinder, the amazon knew she could stoke her own fire as well.

She gave it a few exploratory strokes with her long, nimble fingers as Velan's own hands roamed further over her body. They were curious, ravenously so, as they massaged and prodded Valda's body in what almost seemed like an endeavor to memorize her features. She reached up and wrapped her arms around his neck, she didn't mind his roaming hands, appreciated the care they took in exploring her body, but she wasn't quite so patient.

Valda scooted towards Velan in his lap, pressing her soft folds against his thick rod. Smirking, she looked down into Velan's eyes from her vantage point, "Well, this is where I usually get paid compliments," she teased, moving her hips almost imperceptibly as she ground against him, grinding the underside of his rod between her nether lips, working up from the base, but stopping well short of his tip.

"No words." Velan said, leaning forward himself and planting his lips to Valda's. No words, indeed, as his tongue invaded the barbarian's mouth. She hummed softly as the kiss went deep and the lich showed his obvious skill. Not one to be topped, Valda invaded right back, moving her tongue alongside his, not forcing it out of her mouth, but not allowing it free reign either as she began to slide around in his mouth too.

Valda's hips moved faster of their own accord, her lips getting wetter as his unyielding cock stimulated her womanhood and her tense little button as well. She moaned softly, but her concentration did not waver as a war was waged in their mouths. Valda was strong and aggressive, but Velan was clever and direct, their little competition causing them as much pleasure as the kiss. 

Valda's hips moved yet swifter as their battle raged on, each tongue wrapped around the other as her lips began leaking her glistening juices onto his now throbbingly-hard cock. She was forced to disengage, not from defeat, but with a truce as they moved on to more pleasing things. "It's time I showed you more thanks," she said, her face drifting farther away from Velan's as she got out of his lap.

The lich raised an eyebrow, his curiosity piqued at the barbarian's plan, "What do you have in mind?" he asked, eager to learn.

Valda stepped lightly on the stone at the foot of Velan's throne, then kept going down until her knees touched the throne as well. As leggy as she was, despite the size of the throne, Valda was now staring into the lich's lap. Wordlessly, she coyly stared up into his eyes, her chestnut orbs radiating lust and desire into his own pale blues as she reached out with a single finger and touched the tip of his long rod.

Valda looked between Velan and his manhood, admiring it for a moment before moving in. She leaned down and gently pressed her full lips to the head of his cock, the soft warmth of her body playing off of the hard coolness of his. Slowly, the barbarian fluttered her eyes shut as her head descended, taking his wide tip into her mouth with a hum, like she was savoring the taste.

Soft sucking sounds emanated throughout the room as Valda sucked on the tip, her ministrations making even the mighty lich tense his muscles and groan as her strong face dimpled on either side of his warm rod. Her tongue worked over it in circles, the soft, wet, bumpy texture dragging along the smoothness of his manhood, once around, twice and then one stroke along the underside. Once she was satisfied with his arousal, she began moving farther down, slowly and working him over with her tongue the entire way.

It wasn't too terribly long before the mighty barbarian had gotten his entire member into her mouth. His length penetrated her throat as she continued sucking, her tongue sticking out of her mouth and playing along what was left of the underside of her cock. Her hands gripping the throne, she looked up to Velan, staring at him with that same lustful look as before as she started coming off of it. It was slow, but she left her mouth open and once she had finished and it was out of her mouth, his cock was left dripping with her saliva.

With one last lick on the tip and the lich watching with rapt attention, Valda moved her body forward, puffing out her chest and placing two rather massive breasts to either side of Velan's glorious meat. With her long, nimble fingers, she pressed on either side of her breasts, pushing the splendidly soft flesh against his solid length.

Both knew what was happening now, so no words had to be exchanged, but looks certainly were. Valda began pumping his shaft with her her breasts, moving them up and down. The lich had enough length so that even buried in her cleavage, it came out far enough for Valda to lean down and lick the tip, occasionally sucking on it or spitting as more spit rubbed off on her breasts. She went on like this for a while, the skin of her breasts growing warm the more it rubbed against his member, so much so that there was almost a feeling of numbness as the friction turned her pink, but the sensation was throughout.

She moaned softly into it, although she wasn't getting any stimulation. It was a habit, but men preferred it when people in Valda's position made noise into their length, it added to what was already a symphony of sensation, insurmountably pleasurable.

Velan leaned his head back, the sight of this amazong goddess pleasing him was one to behold, one that, in all his years to come, he would never forget. But he grew greedy, as any man in his position would and Valda, having been in this position many times, knew exactly what he wanted.

The barbarian slowed, the skin on her breasts red from the friction, the saliva almost gone and his flesh hot from her bosom. She looked up with another glint in her eye, releasing his cock from the bondage of her breasts, as paradisical as it was, to lean down and give it another kiss, then another, much deeper one. She went on like that until his rod was once again glistening, well lubricated for their next act.

Valda stood, locking eyes with Velan as she slowly turned around. The lich kept far more eye contact than she would've anticipated, but as she was turning, his gaze broke and darted down to see the curves of her rear, generous, but firm and muscular underneath a pleasant cushion . The barbarian stretched out, having been kneeling on the floor, which accentuated her curves even more, drawing Velan's attention and lust to her body. He wanted what she had to give him, but she wasn't going to keep it from him.

Almost unceremoniously, she sat down on his lap. Velan gave a surprised grunt before those nimble fingers once again danced along the underside of his cock, "Where do you want it?" She asked, looking down at his burgeoning length trapped between her thighs.

"I wouldn't ask of the one giving the gift." Velan said. He'd have what she offered, but wouldn't ask for more. When he saw her walk through the archway and into this room, he had expected a fight. A short one, but a fight, nonetheless. Instead, he was getting this and as old as he was, as wise as he was, he knew not to demand, not to complain, he just enjoyed it as it happened.

Valda appreciated that, in a way, but she would have liked him to be somewhat more assertive. She knew she could bring it out of him, given time, but she had underestimated his willpower, she thought that he would've given in to his passions by now and her wild side made her wish that he had. However, she was nowhere near done. If he was going to hold his resolve and play coy with her, she would do what it took to break him.

"Alright," she said, propping herself up with one hand. She lifted her body up, her toes on the ground and a hand on the arm of the throne. The other was wrapped around his wet cock and as she rose high enough, aimed it at right at her ass. Valda then slowly lowered herself until the head of his member pressed against her rear entrance, the tight hole relaxing as she pursed her lips and sighed. She moaned softly as she lowered herself more, the pressure increasing until, finally, it gave and the head of his length entered her body.

Valda let a smooth, louder moan out at that, halting her progress momentarily. It didn't last long, though, as she began lowering herself down again, faster this time until she was sitting on his lap, his big prick thoroughly buried within her. Valda liked the feeling of being filled up this way and looking back to the lich, she knew he like filling her.
