 LadyD note: Hi guys! I barely worked on this one (just some editing for the first part in particular and maybe one page of writing), so it only seems right for the partner to make the note this time (partner in writing stories not... yeah!).

Author's Note: Hello, Op3999 here. Valda is an original creation of LadyDefiant who I co-author these stories with, but Corella is an original creation of my own (with much input from LadyD). I plan on including her a lot more in the future and even begin writing some Corella-centric stories to put on my own pages, still part of the Barbarian Legends universe. If you liked Corella and this is something you'd like to see, let me know. I'd appreciate the support.




It was late in the day in the forest of Kelburn, named for the town that laid in the center of the vast sea of oaks. It was mid-summer and the air was hot and arid, it having not yet rained since spring. Things were finally cooling down, but for a horny couple slightly off the beaten path of the forest, they had only begun to heat up.

Moans of pleasure and the sound of flesh slapping against flesh emanated through the woods. They came from two lovely women, the smaller one pinned to an old oak tree and the other holding her up by the waist. Both were nude except for the latter's drow-enchanted strap-on which she was using to drive the former against the bark.

Valda the barbarian, stuck once again in the throes of passion, but this time, the circumstances of her coital bliss were nowhere near as complicated as seemed to be normal for her. Instead, her traveling companion, the one held aloft with her demonic tail wrapping slightly around the tree, her legs wrapping around Valda's waist, had asked for her quite normally.

"Hey Valda?" asked Corella, a tiefling sorceress.

"Yes, Corella?" Valda asked, experience letting her guess where this was going.

"Wanna fuck?" asked Corella.

Valda was almost always up to a roll in the hay with Corella, not just for her cute looks, but because the tiefling's energy gave her a stamina that nearly matched Valda's own. Beyond that, she rebounded quickly with seemingly more energy than before. A few short minutes later, their clothes and belongings were discarded next to a tree, abandoned with any remains of their inhibitions.

They'd been there for about half an hour, going through different positions. The amazon goddess bent the petite tiefling over and rode her unreasonably delicious rump for a while, grasping her long, demonic tail for leverage. Then, she had Corella go to her knees, stroking the black strap-on with her delicate hands and sucking it with her plump, purple lips, all the while Valda took a hold of her short, black hair, feathers of the same color growing naturally alongside it, pulling on her scalp in order to pick up the pace. She'd even used the tiefling's small, purple horns like handles when that proved to not be enough for her barbarian libido.

Now the petite woman's shapely legs wrapped around Valda's sumptuous thighs, her tail trying for all it was worth to wrap around the old oak as Corella let out yelps of pleasure, her unnaturally pink skin flushed as her small breasts bounced as much as they could by virtue of Valda's almost violent force. Every once in a while the pruble nubs found themselves under the barbarian's attention, sucked on, bit, and pinched to the pleasure of them both.

The strap-on spread Corella's purple sex, the fluids of her passion flowing out of her, a deep glowing blue. Corella was an oddity on many accounts: her looks, her attitude, her energy and her aptitude for magic, but she was very fond of Valda, a mutual feeling returned in earnest by the buxom barbarian. They often traveled together, for both practical and lust-based reasons.

Valda continued holding Corella aloft, the sounds of their passion piercing the air. Corella gave yelps of ecstasy with every thrust while Valda gave lower groans of primal pleasure. The tiefling's grasp tightened and Valda sped up, knowing what was coming, or rather who. The sounds of flesh slapping against flesh, of Valda's hips against Corella's demonically round ass, doubled in frequency as the sorceress began crying out louder and louder, deep blue liquids spluttering everywhere around her plugged hole.

Suddenly, Valda stopped, continuing to hold Corella against the tree as she looked around. They were no longer alone. Around the tree, between the two women and their equipment, stood a group of men. They all wore leather armor and had crude but nasty-looking weapons.

When Valda stopped, Corella took a moment to get over her disappointment enough to gather her composure and look around. Seeing the bandits around them, she stifled her panting to ask them, "Do you want to join us?"

Valda shot Corella a look of disappointment and frustration more than anger. The horny tiefling rarely cared who her partners were and often had trouble reading a situation. At any rate, the intrusion was not welcome as far as Valda was concerned and her expression quickly shushed her half-demon lover.

One of the bandits in particular stepped forward, the leader, judging by his gear. "Well, as enticing as that is, you're a bit dangerous looking for us to do that while you're still alive." He drew his sword, "It won't be an elegant end for you, but you demonic scum don't deserve one, anyways. We'll find a good home for all your belongings, though." He said with some chuckling from the others.

Valda turned to look at Corella, giving the tiefling a serious look, "Corella..." Valda said.

Finally, the tiefling began to understand the situation as well as what Valda wanted from her. She was a little disappointed as she didn't like violence, especially compared to sex, but she concentrated and held out her hand. Valda shut her eyes just as a bright flash of light emanated from the sorceress's hand, blinding all the bandits if but for a moment.

Valda moved as quickly as she could. Still holding Corella with one arm wrapped around her back, she began running, pushing a blind bandit aside and grabbing for their belongings as she booked it out into the forest. As the bandits recovered, they pursued, preparing crossbows as Valda ducked and weaved through the brush. Bolts and arrows whizzed passed the duo, Corella bouncing on Valda's front, limbs wrapped around her as moans of pleasure erupted from her mouth, the tiefling still speared on the sex toy as Valda tore her way through the uneven brush.

"Do something! Use your magic!" Valda panted.

"I caaan't~" Corella sputtered as stray branches swatted against her back and she came yet again against the bucking force, preventing her from concentrating enough to cast a spell.

After about fifteen minutes of running, Valda and Corella could not longer hear the bandits shouting amongst one another. They had long left them in the dust.

Corella had came three more times in the intervening time and Valda's legs were soaked with her blue fluid as well as covered in scratches from the thick brush (although not nearly as much as Corella's back and bare bottom).

"We lost them." Corella spoke between pants as Valda put her down. "Th-they were really quick, though, and gaining on us, why do you think they quit chasing us?" she asked as she sat down on the ground, tail flitting about playfully behind her as her body went rather limp from exhaustion.

Valda was about to answer when she looked down at what she'd grabbed, "Damnit!" She exclaimed.

"What?" Corella asked, tilting her head in confusion and sucking on a finger she had just rubbed against her drenched thighs.

"Well, I got your bag, but I missed mine," the barbarian replied, tossing the smaller bag in Corella's direction. "Got my sword, though," she said, holding up the weapon with a sigh of relief.

"Your bag had all your gold, right?" Corella asked.

"Yeah," Valda answered, noticeably defeated.

"Well, we still have my gold!" the tiefling responded hopefully.

Valda gave Corella a slight smile, walking over and ruffling the tiefling's hair/feathers and sitting down next to her, reducing the drow strap-on down to the ring and straps with a gasp. "Corella, you don't have any gold."

"You sure?" The tiefling's tail jerked sideways and she tilted her head like a begging cat.

"Yup. Remember that last night in the brothel? The lube your gnome friend insisted was a rare elf aphrodisiac?" the barbarian asked with a sigh.

"Well, if I find some, you can have it," Corella offered.

Valda chuckled, putting an arm around the slightly younger woman and pulling her close. "Thanks."

They took stock of what they had. Aside from all the strange things that Corella had in her bag (mostly magical tools and marital aids) and Valda's sword, there was nothing. True to Corella's nature, she had very few clothes and those that she had were highly revealing and impossible for Valda to wear. Aside from that, Corella owned no underwear.

In the end, Corella put on a pair of suspiciously short black shorts that did almost nothing to cover her rear as well as a bikini-style leather top of the same color which was, by far, the most conservative thing she owned. At first, Valda was at a loss, but then, with a shrug of her shoulders, she began tying Corella's clothes together and, before long, had a working loincloth and wrap for her breasts. Somehow, despite the fact that Valda was just tying them together, Corella's clothes on her seemed inexplicably more revealing than her usual fare of plain straps of cloth.

"Hey, what's that?" Corella asked, looking off into the distance.

Valda looked in the same direction and was surprised to see a cabin hidden in the trees. From this far away, it was hard to tell if anyone was occupying it, but it was a start. "Let's go check it out," the barbarian decided.

The building was small, a hunting cabin at one time or another, but by the look of all the plant growth over it, it didn't seem to be in use. Despite that, it didn't look too out of shape. Cobblestone made up the base of the cabin, but the rest was made out of wood, like most buildings in this area. It had a few windows, but the two women couldn't see anything inside but darkness.

"Doesn't look like anybody's here. It's getting late, though, so we might as well make some use of it," Valda said once they'd come back around to the front of the cabin.

Corella scrunched her brow. "Hmm, you sure? What if there's, like, some sorta witch that lives here or something?"

Valda gave the tiefling an amused look. "What, like you? Not terribly scary." She reached over and ruffled Corella's hair again, yanking playfully on one of her horns. "Come on, it's getting a little cold out here, let's get inside and start a fire."

Corella followed her barbarian stallion inside and cocked her head with slight confusion at what they found. It was very clean, oddly enough, and didn't have much hunting gear like it seemed there would be. It was all neat and tidy, but nothing terribly delicate seemed to be within reach. Almost no belongings, no decorations, it was very simple, almost spartan until you looked up and saw that most of these items were in fact present, just up higher and out of reach, even for Valda. One would need a step ladder to pull them down, but once you did you'd have a cozy little setup.

"Damnit." Valda spat. "You're right, there's someone here."

The barbarian found a locked door, grimaced and and with a solid bang from her shoulder, quickly burst into the only other room in the cabin aside from the bathroom, the bedroom. There she found a young woman sitting stark naked on the bed, staring up at Valda with green eyes full of shock and apprehension. She had long, dark raven hair and somewhat fair skin with obvious tan-lines. She shrieked and attempted to cover herself.

"What the?" Valda started.

"You've got to get out of here!" the woman exclaimed.

"See," Corella said, coming in after Valda, "I told you it was a witch. She's imprisoned this girl as some sort of sex slave." She turned to the girl, "Where is this witch, we'll handle her!" Corella said, popping her knuckles in a distinctly unintimidating fashion.

"No, there's no witch, it's a werewolf!" the woman said frantically.

"A sexy werewolf?" Corella asked, tilting her head again.

"No!" The woman said. 

Corella just gave a blank stare, momentarily thrown off.

"Wait," Valda said, "If it's a werewolf, going out would be suicide. This thing ain't made of silver," She said, gesturing to her sword, "It'd be way safer to hole up here."

"No, the werewolf is here!" She said.

"Is the werewolf talking to you right now?" Corella asked, an eyebrow raised in suspicion as she tried to deduce whether or not the woman was imagining things.

"No, you little dummy," Valda said, "She's the werewolf."

Corella gave a look of sudden understanding, "Oh..."

"Yes, so you need to get out of here!" The woman said.

"No, that's no good either." Valda said, "Your werewolf gets out of the house, right?" She asked. The woman nodded in response, "So it's still suicide because you'd still chase us down."

"We could kill her." Corella offered.

"No, we're not killing her. Way to show off the demon, Corella." Valda said. 

Corella shrugged, suggesting killing was definitely a last resort for her, "Then what do we do?"

"I dunno, I'm just the one who beats the shit outa stuff, but that's not going to work on a werewolf." Valda said, leaning on her sword. The woman looked at the sword point in the floor with some concern, "Don't you have some sort of spell or something?"

"No, there's no cure for werewolfism." Corella scrunched her brows, "But maybe..."

"What is it?" Valda and the woman asked at the same time.

"Well let me tell you, miss-interrupts-Corella-when-she's-about-to-explain-herself's." The tiefling said, puffing out her chest, "You can't cure it, but I might be able to change it. I'm kinda an expert in body modification, if I do say so myself."

"I don't think those kinds of changes would help, Corella." Valda said.

"It wouldn't be like that, I'd just change things around. She'd still go through a physical transformation, but I'd just be switching things around in her head and some of what changes in her body if we're lucky. Werewolfs get uncontrollable bloodlust, real primal, but I think I could change that into something else, it'd still be really strong, though." Corella explained.

"What would you change it to?" Valda asked, suspicious.

"Dunno. Bloodlust like that is super primal. I'd have to change it to something even more primal! But how..." The tiefling countered herself.

"Can you really do that?" The woman asked.

"More primal?" Valda asked, but was ignored.

"Sure, it beats you killing us or us trying to kill you." Corella said.

The woman nodded, "It's getting late, though, I'll change soon, do you have enough time?"

"Definitely, Valda'll keep you company until it's ready!" Corella said excitedly, "I'll be in the rest of the house making the spell, you two wait here!"

"Wait!" Valda said, not particularly wanting to be on werewolf duty, but it was too late. The overenthusiastic tiefling was already out of the room and her hums of contentment could be heard as she gathered components from her bag.

An uncomfortable silence pervaded over the room. Valda sat down in a wooden chair, unsure of what to do. The woman was nude and Valda might as well have been and if the woman were to turn into a werewolf, Valda was going to have to hold it back, at least long enough for Corella to get away, otherwise they'd both be dead.

"What're your names?" The woman asked, keeping her legs crossed and her arm covering her breasts.

"Oh, um I'm Valda and she's Corella." Valda said, gesturing to the other room, "What's, uh, yours?" She asked awkwardly.

"Lycea." She said.

A gasp came from the other room along with a loud pop. "I'm alright!" Corella called out.

"What are you two doing here?" Lycea asked.

Valda gave a soft chuckle, "Well, we were caught by bandits and had to run."

The woman gasped, "Oh my! Did they try and rape you?"

Valda scrunched her brow, "No, not exactly. Why would you-" Valda began before realizing why Lycea would come to that conclusion. "Wait," She said, something occurring to her as she remembered how the bandits had stopped chasing them shortly before they found the cabin, "Is this your wolf's territory?"

"Yeah, probably. They aren't always afraid to come closer, but tonights the full moon, so that's probably why you got away. Of course, that doesn't mean you're safe he-" Lycea cut off, doubling over.

"Are you okay?" Valda asked, "Is it starting?"

Lycea nodded before getting hit with another wave of pain. Her back arched and she moaned pitifully as the sound of popping bones echoed through the room. She began to grow in size, grunting and snarling, reaching the barbarian's size, and then growing even more. 

She looked back up at Valda with lupine eyes, growled, and lunged for the barbarian's throat.

Valda caught her mid-air, grabbing her bulging neck and shoulder, but the force of the leap threw the barbarian backwards, crashing her back into a dresser and almost making her release the monster in the painful impact. That was enough for Valda to give up on curing her and try to slay the werewolf to protect herself, but there was no hope of reaching her sword now. Valda would have to stall until Corella came back, or be ripped apart by this monster.

They tumbled to the floor, the werewolf still snapping at Valda's throat while the amazon held her away by her neck, foamy spit and hot air landing on the barbarian's flushed cheek. Quickly being overpowered, Valda used her experience to her advantage, wrapping both legs around one of the werewolf's and maneuvering herself back on top. Her knowledge as a fighter allowed her to twist around and wrap the monster up, Valda's legs around its waist, an arm under each armpit and her hand held together behind its neck. But as the beast rolled around and scratched at her arms, she found that outsmarting it was easy enough, but holding it was another matter entirely--her unmatched strength couldn't even compare to the monster's.

Lycea yelped as she suffered another abrupt change, sprouting claws and a tail, yowling madly in pain and rage as more bones popped, and her body and muscles grew yet again. She now had at least a foot on the barbarian and showed no signs of stopping.

With sheer strength, the werewolf threw Valda off of her back and over her shoulders onto the bed like a ragdoll. She turned and snarled, baring her claws and nasty, growing canines as Valda rolled onto all fours and braced for the next attack. Valda could have sworn she had seen a few cuts on the werewolf's face, but they were all gone now, just about all she'd need was fur and there'd be no Lycea left.

When Lycea came in for her next lunge, Valda was prepared, rolling with it and coming out on the werewolf's back again, the barbarian flat on the bed with her arms and knees pressing up on her foe. The werewolf was writhing in the air, the barbarian desperately trying to deny it anywhere to grab a foothold from to prevent it from using its strength. The werewolf squirmed and shook, trying to get free of Valda, but the barbarian had a good hold of her and had no intention of letting go.

Suddenly, Corella burst into the room. The tiefling stood proud and naked with a pearlescent strap-on, made entirely of magic fastened tight and standing at attention.

"You're serious." Valda said out loud, concerned at how unsurprised she was by this.

"Get her ready for me!" Corella said, striding forward.

Valda did her best to move Lycea around, her skill just barely winning out over the brute force of the werewolf. She held her positioned with her ass in the air, her claws clutching at the bed. She took one look at Corella with her lupine eyes, golden orbs falling down to her crotch as the werewolf whimpered.
