 Valda looked out over the still waters of the lake, squinting for a sign of the opposite shore through the thick fog, finding none. Behind her, Corella picked through the mossy rocks beside the cliff-face, looking for something, although the barbarian was not quite sure what that something was. Wolves howled somewhere off in the distance, but while the two women were anxious to find the shelter the tiefling sorceress had scryed for, neither seemed at all concerned by the sound.

"You sure there's an inn here?" Valda asked skeptically.

"That spell's always worked before. I'm tellin ya, it's just hidden somehow," Corella trilled out, stumbling through damp rocks and mossy cliffside.

Valda shrugged and sat down on a rock to rest her feet in the cool water. "If you say so," she said, tracing smooth arcs with her toe and watching the ripples move out slowly, displacing and distorting the dark surface of the pool.

"Here it is!" Corella clapped. The tiefling snapped her fingers and a small, green spark fell from her hand onto the wide, flat rock she was standing on. Suddenly there was a flash of light and a glowing circle covered with runes appeared on the rock, along with a tall archway on the side of the cliff.

"I haven't seen one of these in forever!" Corella smiled, walking around the natural dias, the glowing runes shifting like rays of light through clear ocean water. 

"What is it?" Valda asked, looking back over her shoulder, too relaxed with her feet in the water to get up just yet. She cracked a smile as she felt a fish nibbling at her big toe and absently kicked at the water to scare it away.

"Well, most people call it a clearance circle. Basically, you follow the instructions on those runes above the door while standing inside the circle and the magic will open the door for you."

"What do they say?" Valda didn't want to remind Corella that she couldn't read, even when it came to non-runes.

"Right! The first row, those big ones on the top, that's just the name. 'The Fisherman's Wives.'"

"... That's a really weird name for an inn."

"Isn't it?" Corella shrugged her slim shoulders, a tight, but thin black, sleeveless top covering what needed to be covered with a short grey skirt flowing halfway down her thighs. "Anyway, I don't really get the instructions either. It just says 'Come inside and be our guest.' Usually there's a password or a riddle or something..."

"Shit!" Valda suddenly cursed as she felt her legs shoot out from underneath her and she was dragged waist deep into the water, her chest slamming into the rock she was sitting on as she hung on for dear life. It was no fish that had been poking at her toes-the two women turned to find the barbarian's legs wrapped among a mass of long, thick grey tentacles. 

Valda clung tightly to the rock, her muscled arms bulging as the tentacles tugged at her more and more, jerking her off the rock one finger at a time as they crept further up her legs until they came past her waist. She looked up and made eye contact with the frightened Corella one last time before her strength failed and she shot into the water with an anticlimactic bloop. 

"Valda!" the tiefling cried out, voice cracking as she covered her mouth pitifully with both hands, her tail straight out like a frightened cat, but the lake was going still until even the ripples that marked Valda's departure were gone.

Then, suddenly Valda flew up above the lake, one leg and arm still bound as she kicked and held one of the tentacles to her mouth, biting it violently and causing the whole group to release her, tossing her several yards until she hit the water again face-first.

"Corella!" the barbarian's head and shoulders appeared above the water, jerking back and forth in a life or death struggle with an unseen opponent. "My sword!" It lay right next to the rock on the shore, long and gleaming.

"Right!" the tiefling shouted out, hopped down and seizing it, standing on the rock and holding the blade nervously as Valda was tossed around over the lake like a ragdoll. 

"Just throw it!" Valda barked, her legs again wrapped together and only one arm free as she swung across the water once again.

Corella closed her eyes and did as Valda asked, sending the blade whirling out as hard as she could, which wasn't very hard at all. Valda caught it by the handle, but backwards, her face half submerged and just her free arm above the water as both she and her assailant disappeared once more into the depths.

Corella bobbed on her toes nervously as she stared out at the water at a trail of bubbles marking her best friend's struggle for survival. Finally there was a big surge of them popping on the surface at once, followed by a sound like the yelp of a big dog getting kicked on the rump. A second later and the barbarian was spat back out on shore like a misaimed cannonball. 

Valda coughed up a bit of slimy water and pulled herself upright, quickly adjusting her rags (which were torn half off) and shaking her long hair out of her face. "Let's get out of here!" she shouted as the water began stirring behind her again, the barbarian following the fleet-footed tiefling with water dripping everywhere she went, leaving a trail of small puddles stained teal from her body paint.

It didn't take them long to realize that they were not being pursued. "It doesn't seem," Corella said, leaning over and panting with her hands on her knees, "Very interested in following us." 

Valda shrugged, leaning over with her hand on a tree. "Maybe I kicked its ass harder than I thought."

"Yeah? What'd you do?" 

"I thought I just hit it with my pommell. I don't know, maybe I managed to cut something, but as soon as I landed the blow it threw me."

Corella giggled, sitting down on the ground and briefly exposing her simple, striped underwear beneath the skirt, "Maybe you hit it in the baby-maker." 

Valda grinned back. "Probably." 

"So... I just realized something." Corella went on, quickly regaining her breath, "Monsters like that don't just hang out in lakes, or at least I've never heard of there being giant squids in fresh water. It was probably the doorman...door-monster? Guard... thing for the inn I scryed." Corella's tail swished around behind her over her skirt and she poked her cheek with her finger as she spoke.

"People do that?"

"Apparently!" the tiefling shrugged.

"So, it's an inn, but hidden, with a magic door with instructions that don't mean anything, and a crazy monster in the lake beside it." Valda had taken a seat on a tree stump, leaning against her sword with one hand and gesturing with the other as she laid out their bizarre situation. 

Suddenly, Corella gasped. "Oh, I know! Maybe~!"

Valda stared quizzically at the tiefling, whose mind was obviously still racing faster than she could articulate herself. But then the thought that had struck Corella hit the barbarian too, and Valda ran a palm frustratedly through her hair.

"Cum Inside and Be Our Guest," they said in unison, Valda groaning, Corella trilling melodically like a teacher's pet giving a clever answer to a hard question.

When they returned there was no sign of either monster or magic door. With a nod, Valda finished stripping, putting her clothes and gear by the cliff face where the door would appear as Corella did the same. Once they were nude, Valda held the tiefling's hand and helped her back where the magic circle would appear. 

The two stood nude in the chilly moonlight. Corella's pink skin puckered into goosebumps, her purple nipples hardening as Valda shifted from foot to foot, already adjusted to the cold. The barbarian patted Corella's bum to signal that she was ready, and the tiefling reactivated the clearance circle, the two women facing the lake and shuffling in place a little hesitantly.

The lake was still for a moment, but before long a gentle but constant stream of bubbles surfaced in the middle before heading ashore. Corella's heart quickened and Valda couldn't help but shift into a more defensive stance as it approached. Finally at least a dozen soft grey tentacles emerged from the water, dripping and covered with a sheen of lubricant that smelled like nice perfume. They separated on the way into groups meant for either woman, the platoon meant for Valda advancing almost tentatively while the others immediately started stroking up and down Corella's legs.

Corella giggled. "Looks like they're still afraid of you!" she said, poking Valda's stomach with her tail as a soft, supple organ wrapped around her waist.

"Aw," Valda said, crouching down on her toes and reaching out and gently petting a big, fat one as she puckered her lips and cooed out to it like a puppy, "I'm scho shorry," The tentacles responded positively, reaching out and touching her on their own for the first time, one raising up and softly poking her cheek. Valda smiled, tilting her head slightly and kissing it softly. 

That was enough to take whatever lingering doubts the lake-thing had away. The tentacles advanced on both women quickly and in abundance, wrapping around then, sliding across their skin, feeling them, caressing their curves and squeezing the most plush, sensitive parts of their young bodies. The tendrils had a smooth, almost slimy but still comforting texture that left an odd, warm sensation as it slid over their skins, leaving their bodies glistening wherever it touched.

"Ooh, so gentle," Corella sighed as the tips of two tentacles gently flicked her purple nubs, hard from the cold and now, arousal. 

"Too gentle," Valda corrected, reaching out to grab a thick one as the same was done to her. Tasting it first with one long, drawn-out lick. It actually tasted rather pleasant, silky and sweet like a fruity dessert. She held it still so that she could nearly swallow with a happy gulp, immediately taking it to the the beginning of her throat and, slowly, a little farther, happily wrapping her tongue around it all the way.

A shudder traveled throughout the whole mass of tentacles. "Mmm," Valda moaned low and heavy, wrapping her lips tight around the pliant grey skin, letting it prod deeper inside to the tighter flesh of her throat and sucking around the sweet-tasting mass. The forest of tentacles shuddered again as her moan vibrated through it, and then started grabbing her wrists and ankles as a group of several thick organs wrapped tight around the barbarian's bombastic hips, beginning to lift her up into the air.

"Go Valda, go!" Corella cheered on as she gently stroked a tentacle in either hand, her tail whipping out and spanking the barbarian's exposed ass even as Valda was slowly lifted off her feet. "Come here, baby," Corella purred, reaching out and grabbing a rather big tentacle and holding it in front of her mouth, running the edge of her long, thin tongue around its own fat tip before attempting to put it in her mouth with little success as she tried to copy what Valda did with hers.

She shrugged off the disappointment, sighed happily and rolled back onto her ankles, falling backwards without fear onto a mass of tentacles that both cradled protectively and groped lustily. One tentacle slid between the gracious cheeks of Corella's rear, another wrapping in a spiral pattern around one of her legs, gently teasing the lips of her womanhood as it continued upwards over her side and to her shoulder. Lastly, several more tentacles tried to wrap around the tiefling's breasts, only partially succeeding due to both their size and their slickness. 

Giggling, she began stroking the big one as it slowly slid in her mouth, holding and squeezing the slick grey member as her hands jerked up and down, gaining speed as time went on. Lower, around a thicker point of the tentacle, her legs wrapped around and she did the same with her thighs. Soon even her tail wrapped around it and got in on the action, the tiefling using every limb plus her mouth to stroke the giant member.

Meanwhile, Valda hung happily in the air directly above her. The barbarian smiled at the corners of her stuffed mouth as she saw several tentacles sneaking their way behind her. "Hmmm~" the barbarian sighed through a full mouth as she felt the soft tips gingerly slide between the flesh of her legs and ass, spreading apart her toned rear and pussy lips. The monster poked at her clit, an especially small tentacle sliding against it and even briefly wrapping around just to slide off from all the lubricant. Slowly, gently it prodded both of her holes open before finally sliding a soft, thick, and pulsating member inside each, their slick surface naturally lubing her up as they circled in, teasingly at first.

However, the tentacles were learning her limits quickly, and although they'd been teasing and, with Corella, they were as gentle as the tiefling liked, they quickly slid into Valda's entrances, circling all the way inside until they both had to stop, one with a more obvious barrier than the other. Valda's flesh was spread wide around the tentacles which seemed to expand after they pressed inside, and although they no longer held her wide from the outside, she and the tentacles were more than wet enough to give them free reign. They stayed buried deep within her for a few moments before moving and despite a slow start, soon got up to speed and began pumping the horny barbarian at a pace that she found more suitable. That is, breakneck.

Her moaning was deep as it vibrated through the tentacle in her mouth, no slapping from her tight pussy but a wet sliding sound instead as the tentacles went back and forth, the only other noise the passive bounce of Valda's round ass against the swarm of organs at her back.. The tentacles picked up pace more and more as Valda's moans grew louder, squirming and writhing to spread her even more as they did it, bunching up to add more and more girth.

Corella, meanwhile, suckled happily on the plump grey mass pumping itself inside her mouth, spreading her lips quite wide as well as her eyes locked on the display directly above her. From down below, she could see Valda perfectly, her beautiful pussy spread by a big fat tentacle on one end while her throat bulged from the tentacle she was deepthroating on the other. Corella felt herself getting wetter and wetter as the tentacles starting pumping inside the barbarian, making her bounce to a quickening beat, the tentacles providing not just a deep, three-hole fucking, but an impromptu sex swing as they held her arms, legs, and waist far better than such slick appendages should've. 

Before long, the barbarian's hanging breasts were swinging wildly as she was pounded with a fierceness, the grey members seemingly growing bigger and more aggressive as Valda showed not just that she could take it, but that she loved it as drops of lady juice mixed with the monster's lubricant and sprinkled down on the pink spectator, moaning softly just from that the whole while.

That was too much for the tiefling to bear without joining in. "Let's go, I want some!" she said after pulling out the tentacle, and somewhat surprisingly, it seemed to understand. In no time at all, Corella was lifted up to eye level with the barbarian, who winked at her through a full mouth as the tiefling's legs were spread behind her, her ankles pulled to each side until she was doing the splits. Her ass was held high by a tentacle wrapped around her tail, giving Valda a good view of it despite their positions in the air. 

Corella bit her lip and kept eye contact with the lust-filled barbarian until she finally felt something big drive inside her, and her entire body arched as she squealed in delight. "So good~" she moaned as it immediately began went deep within her.

The tiefling's pussy spread tight around the incredibly thick tentacle worming its way into her depths. Once it found her limits, it didn't thrust back and forth like the group plowing into Valda. With the tip pressed against her firm, inner barrier it started to spiral in a quasi drill formation, working as if to draw all the juices she had to produce out of her and causing the light, faintly glowing liquid to drip down in no time . She cried out loudly, her muscles twitching and spasming already as she tried somehow to writhe her body around the tentacles that literally screwed her in such a primally sexual, but dutifully intimate way.

"Mwahh-" Valda groaned, mouth wide as the sloppy wet tentacle pulled out of her mouth, slathering her saliva on Corella's cheeks in a strange caress before pushing inside her purple lips. "Agreed," The barbarian finally said. She reached forward, the cooperative tentacles loosing up to allow the movement as she grabbed Corella's horns, pulling the tiefling closer so she could press her lips to the tiefling's, holding the tentacle tightly between them as it slid out and away, instead wrapping around both of their shoulders and reaching down to squeeze one of the barbarian's plump breasts. 

The two embraced as more tentacles pushed inside, each girl being filled and filled deep, their bodies entwined between the forest of tentacles penetrating both their holes and their tongues' animalistic domination of each other's mouth, bouncing up against each other as they took it hard, their flushed, shining and soft skin rubbing together with one thigh around the other's waist, the remaining legs dangling as tentacles caressed their skin, gentle, passionate, hard, and frenzied all at once.

"V-Valda, I'm going to cum soon~" Corella finally said, her tongue hanging out as she was fucked faster and faster, her wet pussy clinging tightly to grey flesh and her head jerking a little back and forth every time the tentacles inside moved and pushed her light body around again. Her firm, flat, slick chest pressed tightly against Valda's generous, soft and equally slick bosom as she was brought closer and closer to the inevitable climax.

"Yeah, me too!" Valda's back was arched as she was plowed as deep and as hard as possible, tentacles squeezing her tits, rubbing between the two girls, but taking the most advantage of the durable and cock-hungry Valda while another rubbed her clit, her arms holding the tiefling's face tight against her slick chest. 

"I want to taste it!" Corella yelped with demonic, sexual hunger and a deeper, almost raspy voice that only came out in these animal moments. And just like that, the monster granted her wish, immediately flipping Valda on her back and bouncing her ass against a stack of grey members as it pulled out and spread her lips, the sudden shock making her cum fantastically, spraying Corella's face just as tentacles pushed deep inside the tiefling and held her up there against Valda's pussy, the tiefling's tongue lashing out and her mouth sucking thirstily. The petite girl's own cum slowly oozed out over the tentacles as she plunged her tongue in Valda's pussy and drank deep, Valda's thighs twitching around her shoulders as the barbarian moaned lustfully.

"Again, do it again!" Valda shouted, and before she could reconsider they were being fucked once more, manipulated into different positions, each according to their whims and pleasure.

After what felt like hours and probably was, Valda finally succumbed to exhaustion. As she hung limply in the air, the tentacles brought her to one last orgasm, this time with a twist. Swelling up to their biggest size yet, a tiny slit opened at the tip of each tentacle and, as Valda was rocked into one more climax, they began spraying gallons of goo over, inside, and around her. Too worn out to even express her shock at being coated in monster jizz, Valda simply hung with her mouth open as the tentacles gingerly lowered her to the ground on top of a cum-splattered and barely moving Corella, the tiefling having been exhausted already and left to cuddle with the thickest tentacle on a bed of its grey brothers, the half-demon only just now stirred back to consciousness by the sudden eruption of her bed and the swarm holding Valda above her. Valda allowed herself to be draped over the crumbled tiefling, panting and licking cum off herself in a daze while her friend nuzzled against her, exhausted. 
