 Codes: MF, oral

Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

If you would like to provide constructive feedback, or any questions, please send an e-mail via the CONTACT tab on my profile.

----------

Girn gazed across the village as the sun disappeared behind the horizon. He shut the window of the tavern room he was staying in and walked towards the large bed. Sitting down in the linen sheets, Girn rubbed his aching shoulder and readjusted the bandages across his chest. He leaned back, resting his head against the pillows and released a heavy sigh. 

The barbarian warrior from distant lands was tall and fit, with a physical shape that made every man jealous. He did not wear any armor, his muscles and tattooed torso always on display. Although not from a warm region or travelling through one currently, his tan and clothing suggested otherwise; skin desert-like as a result of his travels far and wide, and his clothing only a loin cloth and a strap of leather across chest and back to bind his greataxe. Girn wasn't the most handsome of men but his appearance always elicited curiosity and interest amongst women.

Having come to the village as a hired caravan guard, his afternoon wasn't spent guarding the caravan, or the merchant he was responsible to guard. Upon nearing the first rows of buildings, turbulent phrasing of an argument reached his perceptive ears. He wouldn't have interfered if that hairy man hadn't slapped the woman across the face. The man didn't like some barbarian asshole meddling in his affairs and one thing lead to another. The hairy man was strong, but no match for Girn's brutish strength. The man was easily fended off until he pulled his sword and slashed Girn across the chest, adding to his numerous battle scars. Ducking to dodge a swing over his head, Girn unwound like a spring and, with unbelievable force, crashed with his shoulder straight against the hairy man's sternum. Hearing a loud crack, the man crumpled to the ground, motionless.

The fight ended with a cheering crowd of villagers congratulating him. Apparently the man was wealthy and abusive of his power. No one ever had the courage to stand up against a weaponed and dangerous individual who was terrorizing the town. Not until Girn.

The woman was alright, only a small bruise visible on the lower jaw. She introduced herself as Kaylie and offered to bandage the slashed chest of her saviour. While Kaylie smeared a mixture of herbs on the wound and wrapped bandages around his muscled chest, Girn observed the room of her small house but his attention always went back to Kaylie as she worked.

Kaylie was beautiful with shoulder-length blond hair flanking a kind face with pretty features. Girn found her green eyes captivating and was caught staring into them a couple of times. Kaylie's figure was slim but the way she moved showed hidden strength in her body. Every time she leaned closer, he could often feel her large breasts press against him from under her long blue robe. But Girn kept his head cool and his member from stirring under his modest loin cloth.

Girn offered his thanks and left after receiving a pleasant smile and wink from Kaylie. After payment from the merchant for his services, Girn entered the tavern and was welcomed with open arms. The tavern keeper even offered him a free room for however long he wanted to stay. And here he lay, thinking over the incident that promoted him from barbaric savage to village hero.

A knock came at the door. "Enter," Girn called out, both confused and curious at who it was. Sitting up straight again, Girn watched the door open and the figure of Kaylie entering. She was covered only by a thin robe, sheer enough that little was left to the imagination. Both said nothing as Kaylie slowly stepped inside the room and locked the door behind her.

Kaylie finally broke the silence, "I wanted to thank you again for rescuing me from that filthy bastard." 

Girn was about to respond when Kaylie continued.

"That man was threatening my family for some time," she said, edging slightly closer. "Using his influence and wealth, he would've put my father out of business if I did not agree to marrying him. He was so forceful and determined to take me as his wife. I can't even imagine what he would've done if I had still resisted him without you there . . ." 

Girn rose from the bed and took a step forward, uncertain about what he was meant to say in response and trying his hardest to not simply stare at her poorly hidden body.

"That jerk deserved to die," Kaylie continued, determination in her voice, "and for rescuing me, you deserve what I denied him." That said, Kaylie unbuttoned on each shoulder one button and her see-through gown tumbled to the floor.

Kaylie presented her naked body to Girn. She was completely clean of body hair, common amongst humans and elves. Her curves in general were generous but her breasts and ass were noticeably large and round for her fit frame. 

Girn's eyes scanned the beautiful woman's body and smiled, pleased with what he found. She approached while swaying her hips and placed a hand on his athletic stomach, just below his bandages. Kaylie brushed his abdominal muscles as her hand traced downward, reaching the knot holding his loin cloth up and untying it with one simple tug. 

Her eyes widened and Girn thought he saw a smile play around the corners of her mouth. Kaylie looked up and their gazes locked. 

"It's . . . so big," Kaylie whispered as she looked down again and reached out. Her soft hands slowly stroked his tool as it grew in size. 

Girn let out a deep but quiet groan as pleasure filled his loins from the tender touches of the blonde beauty. Especially when she reached one hand down and gently massaged his balls.

Kaylie released his cock and lowered herself onto her knees. Girn politely gathered her hair and held it back before Kaylie pushed her lips over the tip of his cock, taking about half his length into her mouth. She sucked him slowly but expertly, running her velvety lips up and down his shaft. 

"You honor me with your beauty, Kaylie, and humble me with this act of intimacy," Girn spoke for the first time since she had entered his room, "Very fortunate to . . ."

His voice evolved into a low moan as Kaylie circled her tongue skillfully around his cockhead and took more than half of his erect member into her warm mouth. She momentarily released him from the confines of her mouth. 

"No need for words," she said quickly and dove back onto Girn's hard cock.

Kaylie worked his cock and he started thrusting at a slow pace, gently meeting her motions with his. Looking down at the marvellous woman doing fantastic work, Girn feasted his eyes on every inch of her gorgeous body. 

She continued to work her head back and forth along his shaft. Alternating hands between two activities. One was cradling his balls, applying a slight tightness, tenderly squeezing and releasing in rhythm with her sucking. The other hand was stroking the remainder of Girn's cock she could not fit in her mouth. 

His breathing intensified, and his orgasm got closer. Kaylie released both hands and cupped one cheek of his ass in each, pulling herself harder onto his long tool and driving his cock to the back of her throat. Picking up pace, Kaylie managed to take almost his entire length down her throat without showing any signs of gagging, bringing Girn to the edge. 

"By the Hammer," Girn whispered, and groaned as he came hard into her mouth. Kaylie greedily sucked down his seed. Small drops of cum traced down her chin but she swiftly wiped them with her fingers and licked them clean. 

Standing up, she smiled and pushed Girn back. He let himself fall onto his bed, the wood creaking on impact under the heavy weight of his muscular body. Kaylie joyfully jumped on top of Girn, straddling his groin and leaned forward to kiss him, her large breasts brushing his chest and her stiff nipples poking against his own.

Kaylie moaned as his hands travelled down her back and kneaded her ass. She began grinding her wet slit over Girn's crotch, where his cock was hardening once more. Tugging and dragging her fingers through his short dark hair, Kaylie whispered for more and received immediate response as their tongues danced with each other in their mouths.

Reaching full mast, Grin grabbed the base of his cock and guided it towards Kaylie's pussy. Kaylie pulled back from their passionate kiss and arched her back whilst Girn slid his erection deep inside her. Her eyes and mouth widened as he pushed further until every inch of him filled her soaking pussy. 

Girn moved his hands to her hips and grabbed them tight as he pressed deeper and harder inside Kaylie. Her grinding evolved into an up-and-down motion until her breasts were bouncing wildly. Her face was contorted with pure bliss, mouth and eyes clamped shut in pleasure. 

Keeping the strong pace, every inch of Girn's cock slipped back and forth, reaching every delicate spot inside her. Kaylie started to bounce on her own accord and Girn had the opportunity to move his hands to her magnificent breasts. His barbarian hands were large and only just big enough to cup each breast in one hand. He massaged them gently as Kaylie was throwing herself more vigorously down onto Girn's giant cock. Twisting her nipples between thumb and forefinger elicited soft moans. 

"I'm going to cum, Girn -- by the gods I'm so close," she said as she bit her lower lip.

Girn clasped his arms around Kaylie and rolled them both around, his cock never leaving the moist confines of her pleasant pussy. He continued to buck his hips and thrust deep inside her. Girn made sure every thrust counted and was certain they did as Kaylie moaned louder every time his cock buried itself deep, rubbing against her inner walls.

Kaylie arched her back again, pushing her breast up high. Girn immediately dove down and took one of her cute nipples in his mouth, flicking it with his tongue. She was hungry to reach that climax and relocated her hand to play with her clitoris. 

Girn noticed her head lolling back as relief and pleasure flooded her body, her pussy tightening around his cock which brought himself over the edge. They reached their climax at the same time and Girn coated Kaylie's insides with his load as the walls of her pussy contracted around his cock and milked him to the last drop of seed.

He rolled of her while her body was still writhing out of pleasure. Her orgasm subsiding, she got out of the bed and pulled her thin gown over her shoulders. Without a word she left the room, only giving a playful smile and wink as the door closed behind her. 

Girn let his head fall back on the pillow and smiled at the ceiling.