 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

If you would like to provide constructive feedback, or have any questions, please send an e-mail via the contact tab on my profile.

*****

Girn was trudging back to his shelter after a fruitless hunt when it began to snow heavily again, the wind howling and pulling the snowflakes into a blizzard. The snow became thick quickly but this was no hindrance for his strength. The seven and a half feet barbarian easily pulled his feet from the deep snow and walked on. 

He made it back to his small camp where he had constructed a temporary shelter from fallen branches, covered with leaves, moss and other foliage. He couldn't light a fire in this increasing snowstorm thus walked past his fire pit. Stepping into his shelter, he wedged his door of bark firmly into the entrance. Pulling a wolf pelt over his bare torso, Girn rubbed his hands together to stop the numbness setting in. 

With the ability to see only ten feet ahead in the heavy snowfall, there was nothing else he could do but to sit it out. The cold drained his energy and the fatigue from travelling and hunting made Girn drowsy. Not soon after he had pulled an extra bear pelt closer, he fell asleep in his cocoon of growing warmth.

His thoughts travelled back to the village he left three weeks ago, to the beautiful woman Kaylie with whom he had spent many nights before venturing further north. He dreamed about her large bust heaving as she bounced on top of him, her charming smile as she fucked him and her delicate moans as they climaxed simultaneously. One night in particular played in his head, the night he had positioned himself behind Kaylie to take her on all fours. He had slid his slick cock between her ass cheeks to tease her before penetration. The head of his large tool rested against her puckered asshole and before Girn could even think about changing plans and pushing into her tightest hole, Kaylie had reached back and guided his cock to her pussy. 

"I'm not ready for that, yet," she had said. "Certainly not for your size."

Girn had taken that comment as a compliment, especially the mentioning of 'yet' had made him enthusiastic about what future visits to that village, and Kaylie in particular, could bring. 

The wind was howling louder than ever and often pulled Girn from his brief hibernation and satisfying thoughts. The pitch of shrieking air hurling through the forest continuously changed and . . . What was that? 

Girn strained his ears. A howl on the wind or the howling wind itself? He waited and listened. Nothing . . . Shaking his head, he closed his eyes again.

". . . stay away . . ."

Girn jolted up, shedding his warm and comfortable covering, instantly alert. There was a voice on the wind, no mistaking it now, but only a few words reached him. 

". . . leave me . . . not wronged you . . . stay away . . ."

The voice was faint. Girn knew no fear but he could recognize it in the voices of others. Someone was out there in the storm, afraid and helpless. Many considered him a savage, a brute from a barbaric tribe, but that's what they saw from the outside. Under his hard exterior, Girn had a sense of honor and morality, an instinctive duty to protect those in need of help. 

He pushed the door outwards, creating a small avalanche of snow rolling from the roof into his shelter. Greataxe in hands, Girn crawled out into the fury of the snowstorm, the freezing wind like a knife cutting against his chest and back. He grunted and took some steps forward, scanning the surrounding forest, now covered in a thick blanket of snow.

"Who's there?" Girn's deep voice rumbled but his words were quickly scattered by the strong wind.

Something shifted in the blizzard. Right there, in front of him. A vague shape momentarily visible but disappearing in a canvas of white. He pushed against the strong, icy wind towards where he thought the shape had been. He almost stumbled over her before noticing her, huddled in a ball against the cold, seemingly unconscious. The figure was small and naked, skin very pale. A young human or maybe an Elven girl, it was hard to tell with snowflakes aggressively whipping around him and attacking his eyes. 

He crouched down to pick her up and only then noticed the other shapes moving just beyond his vision. The leather handle of the greataxe creaked in his tight grip as he rose and stood over the unconscious body of the young female.

Into his vision stepped four wolves, large grey beasts with clear yellow eyes, staring at him intently. They slowly encircled him as their growling grew louder.

The first wolf jumped, toothy maw aimed at his throat. Girn had been waiting and swung his greataxe upwards, connecting with the neck and using the wolf's momentum to throw the beast overhead against a nearby tree. The bestial whine was loud, the crack of vertebrae even louder and silence followed.

Two other wolves attacked at the same time. One clawing towards Girn's neck, but easily knocked back with a well-aimed punch. The other trying to dig its canines into his thigh but also knocked back with a knee to the skull. Both wolves were dazed and unable to dodge the overhead swing that slashed both their sides open, intestines spilling on the ground and melting the snow in a red puddle.

The last wolf had cunningly waited and attacked now that Girn's back was turned towards the beast. As the wolf leaped, Girn let go of his greataxe and turned around, just in time to grab the wolf's head firmly in his strong hands and with one solid twist broke the wolf's neck and back. He threw the limp cadaver away and overlooked the scene. The spilled blood and warm intestines strewn about were melting the snow, but the wind cooled their remains quickly and as Girn walked back with the young woman over his shoulder, the wolves were buried beneath a white cover, the forest serene again in its whiteness.

*

"My name is Aryana," she answered. The young girl wasn't young or a girl, and neither human nor Elf. Aryana was a Forest Nymph and had been on this world for many years already. She had been naked when Girn had found her but now she had wrapped herself in pelts and sat close to the fire. The snowstorm had died down and they were sitting comfortably around the fireplace. Some color had returned to her skin and Girn noticed the green hue on her face and hands. 

"What is a Forest Nymph doing in the middle of a snowstorm?"

"The Elders tell many tales and in an urge of curiosity I ventured outside the safety of our grove. I was set upon by wolves and got lost in the snowstorm when attempting to flee the beasts." Her voice sounded calm, even when a shiver travelled through her body.

"You're still cold," Girn observed and threw another log into the fire pit.

"We Forest Nymphs are not used to the cold of winter, magic ensures that eternal summer reigns our grove."

"That must be powerful magic to keep nature at bay," Girn commented. Aryana averted her gaze and Girn thought he saw a slight blush on her cheeks.

"Yes, it is a . . . special kind of magic," Aryana said quietly as she shivered again.

A silence followed as Girn tried not to stare at Aryana's beautiful facial features. Her face resembled that of an Elf, thin with high cheek bones and large green eyes. But her lips were full and of a darker green color in contrast to the Elves' narrow and pale ones. Their gazes met, Girn averting his eyes and pulling his wolf pelt tighter around his shoulders. 

"I could show you," Aryana broke the silence and elicited a confused look from Girn as she stood up, the pelts falling from her lithe body. Girn watched her moving closer, she seemed unembarrassed about her nudity. Though a small frame, she had curves at her hips and petite but firm breasts with dark green nipples. Her long hair had a leafy color and brushed the sides of her attractive face as it flowed past her shoulders. She leaned towards Girn and inched her face closer to his, her verdant lips glistening in the twilight that had descended on the winter forest. 

"I could show how we fuel the magic," Aryana whispered, her words brushing Girn's mouth, "and we both can use the warmth."

She pressed her soft lips against Girn's, and when he slightly pulled back at first, she pressed forward and forced their mouths together in a vigorous kiss. Girn allowed his hands to reach out and grip her soft thighs as he felt his erection growing. A tug on his lion cloth made him look down to see her delicate fingers pull it down. Girn watched Aryana grab hold of his growing rod and looked up again, into her large green eyes. 

"It's so thick," she said, her calm voice sounding pleased. Her firm grip began slowly moving up and down his shaft.

Girn's attention moved from her capturing eyes to her chest, his rough hands touching her tender breasts. They were small but had a certain appeal of their own. Aryana lowered her hips to straddle his cock, the soft outer lips of her bare pussy gently pressing against his hardening cock. 

Positioning herself, Aryana pushed Girn's shaft into her wet groove between her smooth lips and trailed her juices down his entire length. She grinded back and forth until his cock was all lubed up and as hard as a rock. 

"Magic is most powerful when charged with pure pleasure," she whispered as she held the base of his cock and aimed up. 

Girn felt her pushing down, the pressure against her tight opening increasing as it slowly stretched open and accepted the entrance of his thick member. 

"Ugh, so big," she moaned, her face contorted in expression between discomfort and delight as she lowered herself and took more inside her.

Eventually, Aryana's warm folds released pressure and allowed Girn's hard cock to thrust further. Aryana panted and moaned, mumbling words he did not understand. She dug her nails in his shoulders as she steadied her shaking body from the invasion. As they both worked to get his cock deeper, Girn felt her increasing wetness that facilitated his penetration in this beautiful Nymph.

Girn looked down as Aryana forced herself down onto the last inch of his large shaft, burying it from the head to the base inside her warm confines. As it went in, Girn watched as her light green juices oozed past his thick member and coated his cock and balls. He was curious what they would taste like. 

Aryana leaned forward, panting, and rested her head on Girn's broad shoulder. He reached past her smooth thighs and grasped each ass cheek firmly in one hand. Aryana whimpered under his touch as he lifted her up, depriving her of the fullness of his generous size for only a moment before easing her down and letting his cock slowly slide back inside her. She cried softly in his ear when his full breadth filled her back up. At the same time of moving her up and down his shaft, Girn shifted her back and forth, creating a gyrating motion as he fucked her at a slow pace.

"By the Lady of The Forest!" she called out, overwhelmed by the pleasure she received with each deep and affectionate penetration of her pussy. Aryana pulled back from his shoulder, arching her spine and threw her head back, which allowed Girn to bring his head down and take a cute dark green nipple between his lips, eliciting soft moans as he traced his tongue around the hard stub. 

They savoured the feeling of each tender thrust, the wet slapping sound of each time Girn pushed his cock into the green-skinned beauty. Aryana leaned forward again and brought Girn's face up to kiss him passionately. Moans filled the spaces in their mouths as their tongues danced with each other. Large hands kneading the soft flesh of the Nymph's ass cheeks, Aryana tracing hers across the muscled stomach and chest of Girn, all while he pumped his cock furiously into her and her moans becoming louder with each thrust. Their breathing got heavier as they neared the summit of pleasure. 

Girn watched Aryana's face flourish in an expression of pure bliss as her body tensed. She clutched his shoulders and the back of his head as she took control, starting to bounce wildly on his lap, the loud smacking sound reverberating through the camp as she impaled herself on Girn's hard cock. Her mouth gaped open in a second but silent crying out to the gods. Girn felt her passage throbbing around his cock, beginning to contract, following his thrusts in rhythm. The added tightness to the continuous thrusting brought both to their climax.

"I'm cumming . . ." she cooed, barely able to speak as her body began to glow, emitting a faint green light. "Yeeesss!!" Aryana screamed and the fire behind them roared into the air, flames dancing more than five feet high, the snow in and around the encampment melting in moments. 

The sensation in his cock grew to a thunderous roar and with a surge of semen Girn sprayed Aryana's depths. Both were overwhelmed by a cascade of pleasure travelling through their bodies. His hands dug into her ass and thighs as he pulled himself as deep as possible with every spurt of cum that erupted from his cock. Aryana's pussy was overflowing with Girn's semen by the time her own orgasm had passed and her channel released its tight grip on Girn's shaft. 

"Yes . . ." Aryana moaned, arms falling around Girn's neck and slumping on his shoulder. She shivered, but not from the cold, her body was radiating heat. She shivered because the throbbing cock deep inside her still send surges of pleasure throughout her entire body. With a final twitch and a lively cry, Aryana felt the last drops of cum flow from Girn's cock and the satisfaction of her orgasm faded into the background.

Girn stared into her gorgeous green eyes and watched her mouth curve into a smile. She looked satisfied, pleased in a way she had never felt before. Despite the fact Girn was spent, he stayed hard deep inside of her and surprised Aryana by leaning forward and kissing her verdant lips. He felt so intimate and loving, probably a side effect of the magic summoned by her orgasm, he thought. She grasped the back of his head and breathed deeply, kissing him while sitting in his lap with his erect member still embedded in her. Girn felt her heart thumping as her perky breasts pressed against his chest. 

"Thank you," Aryana said peacefully, leaning back and wrapping her arms lovingly around his neck. "For showing me how it feels to be with a man." 

As she sat there, resting herself in the strong arms of the barbarian, Girn raised an eyebrow in surprise. "This was your first time?" he asked inquisitively, gently caressing her legs clutched around his abdomen.

"There are no male Nymphs, we need to pleasure each other to feed our protective magic. I've only been with other females but none have ever made the magic of my orgasm so powerful." 

Though losing its firmness, Girn's cock twitched at the thought of Aryana pleasuring other beautiful Nymphs like herself to guide each other to climax. All for some weird magic that protected them. 

Aryana sighed and both laid down on their sides. They said nothing for a while and time passed as they embraced each other. Aryana slowly fell asleep in the strong arms of Girn while his cock slowly went limp inside of her warm confines. His cum mixed with green juices trickled out of Aryana's still moist pussy down her inner thighs. Their sleep was deep and their shared warmth heated their thoughts and dreams through the night.