 There Jim sat in the waiting room. Thumbing through magazines and waiting for the nurse to come get him. It had been at least 10 years since his last physical and he was due. This was an unusual looking clinic he thought to himself. Very modern looking with yellow spongy textured walls and bluish latex couches. The magazine selection contained older FHM's and Maxim's; kind of odd for a waiting room but Jim wasn't about to complain. It was an early Saturday morning and the room was empty except for Jim.

Finally, the receptionist, a young brunette, came to the front counter. She looked directly at him and said with a smile "Jim, we have been expecting you". As he stood up he noticed her extremely striking figure. She was definitely an attractive girl with chin length hair, a pale complexion with freckles across her cheeks and nose and deep red lipstick. But she had the top three buttons of her white collared shirt undone and her enormous freckled bust was heaving up and down as she breathed. "We need you to go through that door and follow the hallway down to the last room on your left" she said pointing to the yellow door. "Thank you" Jim said quickly drawing his gaze away from her swelling chest and over to the door.

Jim opened the door to a narrow yellow hallway and entered. There were five doors on his left and on his right was a mirrored glass window that stretched the entire length of the hallway. The floor squeaked under Jim's shoes as if it were made of hard rubber. All the doors were shut except for the last one on the left.

Jim stepped into the square room that resembled a small classroom, not exactly what he was expecting. There was a large desk at the far end and one small chair with an attached desk in the center of the room. The walls were made of the same spongy material as the waiting room and there was a glass door behind the desk at the far end.

Not knowing what to do now, Jim squeezed into the chair in the center of the room. Then the glass door slid to one side and in stepped a tall blonde girl. She was wearing a blue lab coat that covered her body completely. She must have been almost six feet tall but what stood out the most was her massive chest jutting out from her tone figure. Her blonde hair was pulled back into a ponytail and was wearing narrow rectangular glasses. 

"Hello James, welcome to the Institute. My name is Dr. Jennifer Cox. We will begin with a basic examination and then move on to more advanced tests." She said coldly.

"Advanced tests? My new employers at AHG are only requiring a standard physical." Jim hated going to the doctor ever since he was little, even if the doctor was a hot blond with big tits.

"Listen Jim, it just so happens that THIS is an AHG facility. Therefore, YOU will not begin working until you pass OUR examination." At that she walked right up to the little chair, slapped down a pen and packet of papers and left the room.

Jim, puzzled, picked up the pen and began reading the documents she had laid before him. The first page had questions all inquiring to Jims sexual experience of the "how many?" and "how often?" sort. The second page got weird, it inquired as to size of Jim's penis, the amount of semen he could ejaculate, and numerous other sexual abilities he could perform. 

The last page was a consent form. It basically stated AHG is not responsible for any long term side effects of the testing. Jim knew that he needed this job; and he had done a lot worse things for money. So he signed it.

Into the room walked an olive skinned nurse. She walked up from behind Jim and took the documents. Then she smiled as she set down three paper cups in front of Jim. 

To Jim's amazement, the nurse also had a pair of huge balloon sized breasts. Her white nurse's uniform stretched like latex around her curves. "Please take these. I will be right back for you" she purred. She turned and walked out leaving Jim with the cups. 

One cup contained a small white pill; one contained a large green pill, and the last contained water. Jim swallowed each of the pills and finished off the cup of water nervously. The small chair he was sitting in was becoming increasingly uncomfortable but now was almost unbearable. After a few minutes of waiting, Jim impatiently began shifting in his chair. His head felt cloudy and his arms and legs began tingling. 

Finally the nurse came walking back in. She walked right up to the chair and got down on her knees. "My arms feel weak! I think I'm having a reaction to the pills you gave me! "

"Of course you are, silly, you're going to have a BIG reaction" she said then giggled. She then bound Jims ankles to the chair with two elastic bands. "Don't worry, you're arms and legs will come back around in a few minutes. That's why I need to tie them down" and at that she bound Jims wrists to the sides of the seat. She then stood up, her huge breasts whooshing by Jims face, and removed the desktop on the chair. "Almost ready" she said patting Jim's crotch and then she left the room again.

Jim's mind was a mess, "What are those pills doing to me? What are these tests? And why was I still uncomfortable in the chair?" After all she removed the desktop. Then Jim realized what was happening. His cock was inflating inside his pants. He did not have an erection, but there was a enormous bulge in the front of his jeans and the zipper was straining to stay together.

The glass door on the far wall swished open, then in strutted Dr. Cox followed by two young girls carrying clipboards. The two new girls were dressed the same as the doctor but these girls were only of average bust size. They looked like interns or students taking notes on everything the doctor said.

"Ladies, here is our test subject, an average male of 26 years of age. He has been given a substantial dose of PE4 nearly twenty minutes ago. Are you both ready to see the results?" Both nodded their heads and eyeballed Jim's crotch excitedly. 

The doctor then pulled out a small remote and clicked it twice. The floor around Jims chair began to slowly sink. It kept lowering until his head was at knee level with the girls and then stopped. The walls were covered in a bright white tile and several small nubs. 

Jim started to squirm in his chair then he heard another click of the remote. From every nub was a jet of foam spraying on him from all directions. The foam covered him from the waist down in a thick white blanket that tingled on contact with the skin. The tingling was intense and began to soak through his clothes everywhere. Then Jim realized that the foam wasn't just soaking his clothes, it was dissolving his clothes!

His chair began to rise back up to the smiling faces of the young girls. Now Jim began to get embarrassed realizing that he was going to be totally nude in front of the three women.

"Ok, I'm sorry but there has been some kind of mistake" he stammered.

"Quiet please!" shot back Dr Cox with a completely serious look on her face.

"Now ladies, I want him cleaned, measured and moved to the holding room." She said before turning around and leaving Jim at the hands of the interns. 

As soon as the doctor had left Jim turned to the two girls.

"Please let me go now, there has been a mistake, what have you-" "This one looks kinda cute Debra" said the girl with short brown hair cutting Jim off. "How much time do we have?" "Oh, let me measure him Kori" 

The girls began to wipe off the foam from Jims chest then his legs but left the pile around his crotch. 

"I get to check first" said Kori, then she reached into the foam. Her eyes got real big and her other hand tried to cover her shocked smile. 

"He's HUGE! This stuff really does work!" from the foam she pulled out his huge limp member.

"And slippery" his cock slipped around in her hand as she tried to get her fingers around his bulk. She then plopped his cock down on top of her ruler and Debra jotted down the results. 

"Yup, nine and a half inches and he's still limp. Betcha' can't deepthroat that one" said Kori.

"I told you, I could deepthroat any size and I meant it" 

"Oh yeah then prove it, right here, right now. I wanna see you deepthroat this fat limp cock to the base" she challenged.

Before Jim could let out another protest the petite dirty blonde intern knelt down in front of him and took his cock with both hands. She looked up at Jim and blew him a kiss. Then she sucked his enlarged dick down her throat, inch by inch she worked it in. Her mouth opened as far as she could, then she finished the last inch off. 

Slowly pulling the meat from her throat, there was a thin coat of saliva covering Jims cock. "There! I did it! Told you I could! Now its your turn!" At that the Kori dove to her knees and began working on the monster cock. She obviously lacked the talent of the previous nurse because she couldn't even get half the cock into her mouth. 

Next thing Jim knew there were two nurses sucking on his cock as Debra tried to show Kori how it was done. His giant rubbery cock began to become more rigid with every suck. The pleasure was overwhelming and Jim became light headed as he neared climax. He closed his eyes but he still could hear the slurping and popping sounds of the lips on his cock. He still could feel those petite fingers trying to wrap around his swelling dick. 

Then it happened, he felt his whole body tense up and his cock began to stream cum across the girls faces. Jim opened his eyes to see jet after jet of cum splash across the girls faces. Their eyes wide and mouths open with amazement as the organ still spewed forth streams of cum, now hitting their uniforms in the chest. 

The girls were now moaning, running their fingers up and down their slippery blue latex uniforms. Both of them collapse in ecstasy on the floor in front of Jim, who is still strapped into his chair. Their bodies begin to writhe in pleasure.

The world around Jim began to get dark now. He felt his monstrous cock shudder one last time and Jim passed out as his body shut down...

End of Ch. 1