 Bast, Goddess of Vice, Greed, and Lust. She is a goddess of Greed and overwhelming desire. Her favorite pastime... playing with those who are lesser than her (which would be humans). Bringing out their deepest, darkest desires and showing them there is more to the conventional idea of "love-making". 

=========

Not even 7 AM yet and someone rang Bree Mitchell's doorbell. 

"Who the hell could that be?" she reluctantly dragged herself up and out of bed. Bree had spent the previous night up streaming Netflix, and wallowing in self pity that it was the third Friday in a row she'd spent alone. Most of her friends had moved out of the city after college. But Bree was still stuck in the same boring tempt job, living in the same tiny house. 

Bree peered out the kitchen window to see who was at the front door. Oddly enough, no one was. But there was something on her doorstep. She opened the door enough to grab the small box, and then locked the door behind her. She turned the package over in her hands, looking for some clue as to what it was or who might have left it. But it was just a plain cardboard box. Suspiciously light, when Bree shook it it didn't sound like anything was inside. 

"Weird." she muttered, placing the box on her kitchen table before returning to her bedroom to catch up on lost sleep. The package would remain there until the morning when Bree woke up again. Unknown to Bree, someone was watching her with particular interest. Honestly, Bast felt kind of sorry for the girl. She lead such a boring life. The goddess spent months searching for someone new to play with, and was glad she'd chosen Bree. Because whether she wanted Bast's gift or not, she was going to have the time of her life. 

When Bree woke for a second time with sunlight pouring into her bedroom, and feeling much more refreshed. It wasn't until she went downstairs for something to eat that she remembered the box sitting on the table. 

She considered just throwing it away, but her curiosity got the better of her. After fetching a knife from the kitchen, Bree proceeded to slice the tape in two, and pry the package open. Inside, there were some packing peanuts, and a tablet. Had someone seriously given her a free tablet? Or was this some kind of bomb that would blow her to pieces the second she tried to turn it on. Bree set the box down, and tried to decide what to do with it. Something about it made her feel uneasy. 

Bree tried to take her mind off things, going about her daily routine like nothing was out of the ordinary. She used her time off from work to do some house cleaning, and numbing her brain on the internet. But her mind kept getting drawn back to that box, and its mysterious contents. By the afternoon she couldn't stand it anymore and she almost flew downstairs. 

"What the hell." she thought. As she picked the tablet up, and turned it on. It took a while for the thing to warm up, but once it did, Bree saw there was only one icon on the screen. A photo album. She touched the icon, and waited...

Bast, invisible to Bree's eyes, was sitting on the kitchen counter smiling as her "plaything" fell into her trap. The goddess grinned like a fox when she saw the girl's expression change from curious to shock. And as soon as Bree laid her eyes on the image, the spell began to work its magic. The breath is knocked out of Bree's when she saw the image. Bree was staring at an image of an insanely beautiful woman. One of those anime, manga type characters. Completely naked, showing off how large her assets were. 

Bree guessed the artist drew the woman's breasts at least G cups, flaming red hair, bright green eyes, with short horns poking through her hair, and a sinewy tail wrapped around her leg. But that's not what was drawing Bree's attention. The woman has her legs spread-eagle showing off her genitals. Not a pussy, a large black and pink horsecock. It was semi-hard, almost bent over at 90 degree angle. The tip was leaking thick white liquid onto the ground. 

After a while, that image fizzled out, and a new one came into view. It was just as obscene as the previous. But this one featured the horsecock woman being orally pleasured by another shemale. The other woman's cock was erect between her breasts, and cum flowed from her mouth as the horsecock expelled its load. 

Bree suddenly felt heat flood her body. Her panties grew moist, and her nipples stiffened soon after. She chastised herself for getting aroused at such an image. Unfortunately for Bree, once the lust started to fill her body, Bree could do nothing to stop it. 

Bast, who was pleasuring herself on Bree's counter, slowly made herself visible to the girl. But Bree's mind was so consumed by the overwhelming feelings, she could see much of anything except that horsecock woman. Bast removed her hand from her snatch, and approached Bree. Bast went up behind her, wrapping the hand she had inside herself around Bree's chest. Bree shuddered, at the touch, not realizing that it meant someone else was in the kitchen with her. 

Bast began whispering things into her victim's ear. Words that made Bree shake and long for someone to take her. Someone like that horsecock woman. To be filled more than she'd ever been filled before. Bast's hand moved from Bree's chest down to her wet pants. At her touch, Bree's pants disappeared, and revealed a slight tent in her underwear. 

"Go on, you got turned on by it. You know you want it. So go ahead." Bast purred. Bree was hypnotized by the goddess' words, and did as she was told. Her hands reached into her panties, and began to rub her growing clit. Bree moaned as pleasure was sent straight to the ends of every nerve in her body. 

Bast laughed and poked Bree's clit. Her magic this time brought the girl's clit further out of Bree's pussy. Walking around to Bree's front, Bast then crouched down to kiss her vulva. Her tongue slide into Bree's folds, which were swollen and slick with fluid. Bree was in ecstasy as Bast continued to lick Bree's vaginal folds, urging her ovaries developing into testes to come forth. She reached down to finger herself and Bast reluctantly backed away. Bast sat back on the counter and watched her magic do its work. Bree continued to masturbate, unable to get the picture of the beautiful woman with the horsecock out of her mind. She massaged her clit, surprised at how sensitive it was. And how large! It felt like it was a couple of inches long. 

That was about when Bree snapped out of her trance and opened her eyes. Looking down at her surprisingly nude body, she was shocked to see her clit was large enough that it was sticking out of her vulva. Scared, Bree's hand extended shaking to touch it. She wanted it to be a horrible dream, some sort of weird fever dream. But when she touched it pleasure rushed into her body. The sensitive tissue made her legs shake, and her body feel like it was alight. It felt so good she wanted to touch it again, but when she opened her eyes she saw a strange woman sitting on her counter watching her.

The woman had a strange but alluring appearance. She was tall with long thin arms and legs. She was adorned in a long green gown that accentuated her thin, flat waist. Her exposed skin was a gorgeous Her breasts were of moderate size, but firm and pert. Her black hair was cut in a short bob. Bree thought she could have been a model, if it weren't for a few odd features. Namely, the two large cat ears adorning her head and her large cat eyes.

"Oh, don't mind me. Continue." said the woman with a smile. 

Bree stopped staring and quickly tried to cover herself. She looked around for her clothing to no avail, so Bree was forced to stand there awkwardly covering her breasts and crotch with her hands. Bast watched with some amusement as the girl continued to look for her pants. This one was going to resist. 

"Oh, well", thought Bast with a sigh, "Sometimes that can be just as much fun."

"I am afraid that you won't find them. They are gone. But I don't know why you would want to hide such a beautiful body," Bast said.

"What the fuck? Did you do this to me? Make it stop! Change me back!" said Bree angrily.

"Why? You are becoming so sexy. This is what you wanted. I am making your dreams come true," said Bast.

"What the hell are you talking about? I never asked for this!" said Bree.

Bast picked up the tablet. "But it was what you choose, " said Bast.

"What? No! That was just the first picture I saw, " said Bree.

Bast clicked her tongue. "No, it is more than that. This is a powerful magical device. It shows what you truly desire. It is a mirror's reflection of how you would like to be. And I merely helped you fulfill your wish."

Bree suddenly remembered the picture of the woman with the huge horsecock. She looked down at her large clit, and finally realized what the full implications of what Bast had said. Her transformation was far from over. Bree looked down at her vagina, finally examining the full extent of her changes. Her clit was two to three inches long, sticking out of her vagina. It was throbbing and pulsing, still sensitive and excited. It was mostly pink, but she could see some strange black spots across it. Her vaginal lips were swollen and bulging, dripping with fluid. But her slit seemed smaller, like it was closing up. Bree was horrified.

"Oh no, " The realization hitting Bree like an oncoming truck.

"Oh yes, "said Bast with a wicked smile. She flipped through the images on the tablet. "And what a dirty little mind you have. You will be quite impressive when we are finished. Shall we continue?"

Bast licked her lips in anticipation, but Bree on the other hand had enough of the strange woman and whatever kind of drugs she'd slipped her. That had to be it, Bree had was drugged and hallucinating everything. 

"Listen you bitch. I don't want this. So either you tell me what's really going on or else" Bree tried to sound confident in the face of this mess. But as Bree spoke, Bast's eyes suddenly flared bright yellow. Bast stood up and glared down at Bree. Bree could feel waves of power and anger radiating from Bast, and she backed away a little. 

"Listen, human. I have given you a gift, and not only do you reject it but you insult me. In the old days you would have been severely punished for such insolence. But I am feeling generous today, so I will let you off with a warning. I am no mere magician or witch. I am a goddess, and I demand the proper respect," said Bast with barely restrained anger. Bast recognized Bree's fear and acknowledgement that the gorgeous woman before her wasn't joking, and Bast began to relax. Her expression softened to that of a disappointed child. 

"Ah, look. I am no longer in the mood to play. I guess I'll just go." Bast sighed, then started to walk away.

"Wait! Are you serious? This is all real? What... What about me? What about this!?" said Bree pointing to her large clit. Bast turned on her heels and smiled. Her feline tail flicking playfully behind her as she spoke. 

"Oh, that will take care of itself. Call it a blessing or curse, but every time you have an orgasm your body will change further until the transformation is complete. You can try to resist, but I doubt you will have much success. Of course, if you would like to get it over with I might be persuaded to stay and help."

Bree said nothing and stared at the ground. 

"Have it your way. Have fun today," Bast shrugged her shoulders and then slowly vanished in a cloud of mist. 

Bree looked down at her strange new equipment. It was odd, but she could live with it like that. She just had to make sure the changes didn't progress any further. She was determined to resist temptation until the day was over. Surely the magic or curse or whatever would be over by then. She looked up at the clock and saw that she was going to be late for work. She ran upstairs to get ready.

Bast watched the girl rush around, unseen by Bree. She had not left but simply made herself invisible to the girl. As the girl reached down to pull some clothes out of a drawer, her hand accidently brushed her large clit. Bree moaned and sat down, on the verge of releasing the orgasm that was still building in her. Bast waited eagerly for her to cum and transform. But the girl stood up with a look of grim determination and slapped herself in the face. Her feelings of excitement waned, but did not recede. Bast was impressed by the girl's resistance. She was truly special. This was going to more interesting than she thought. 

Bree quickly got undressed and turned on the shower. She needed to calm down, and more importantly, needed to kill her arousal. An ice cold shower would surely do the trick. Bree stepped into the shower and was instantly chilled by the temperature of the water. Goosebumps crept over her skin and an electric feeling washed over her along with the water. And to Bree's dismay, stepping into the shower effected her body in the exact opposite way she had wanted. Her clit was erect and throbbing, though Bree didn't feel as overwhelmed as before. Trying to ignore her arousal, Bree started vigorously scrubbing her hair with shampoo. 

As she massaged her scalp Bree started to replay the conversation she's had with that strange woman. This was her fantasy? To have a cock? And not just a cock, but a massive horse cock? She thought back to the picture she had seen on the tablet. A tall beautiful woman with G cups, flaming red hair, bright green eyes, with short horns poking through her hair, and a sinewy tail wrapped around her leg. And of course, not a pussy, but a large black and pink horsecock. Was that what really excited her? Did she really want to look like that? 

Well she had to admit, it was an impressive cock. She had always had a strange fascination with cocks. As the saying goes, the bigger the better. And on more than one occasion Bree had fantasized about what it would be like to have a cock. To be able to cum like a man with a big beautiful cock, and inside a girl. Like the girl in the picture. Remembering it and what she was doing with it got Bree excited again. She began to massage her breast with one soapy hand, teasing the erect nipple gently. It felt so good, but she wanted more. She reached down and stroked her throbbing clit. The touch once again sent electric shivers across her body.

Bree opened her eyes, and saw what she was doing. She had to stop, she wanted to stop, but it just felt so good. One little orgasm wouldn't hurt. Then she could have some relief and concentrate. She began to stroke her clit, feeling it expand and stretch in her hand. The feeling sent her over the edge, and she finally felt release as she reached her climax. She could feel her vaginal muscles contract wildly as she finished her orgasm. 

Now with her desire temporarily sated, she finally realized the implications of what she had done. She jumped out of the shower to asses the damage. Her vagina was now gone, replaced by a small scrotum with two equally small testes. Her clit was now definitely a penis, although a small one, maybe three or four inches. She saw an open urethra at the tip. 

"Probably will ejaculate sperm next time. Wait, next time? No, no freaking way. This has to stop," she thought. But she was strangely excited by the thought of releasing her seed. Part of her, a part deep down inside that she didn't want to acknowledge, was eager to try it. But she quickly brushed her desire aside and tried to be practical.

"Alright, this isn't so bad. It's still small enough to hide. And the rest of me still looks female." Bree said to herself as she examined her reflection in the mirror. She was about to turn away and dry off when something in her hair caused her to stop. She leaned close to the mirror and ran her hands through her hair. At first she thought it was just a trick of the light, but as she held the strand of hair in her hand it was now unmistakable. She had streaks of bright red hair in her scalp. The same color hair as the picture of the girl in the tablet. It was just a few strands, which could easily be explained away at work as just some hair dye. But the implications were more disturbing. It wasn't just her genitals that were changing.

As she ran her hands through her hair she felt a small lump. She brushed the hair aside and saw a smooth hard bone. The beginnings of a horn. Thankfully, her long hair covered it up completely. But if she had the horns, did she also have... Bree turned around and saw a small lump at the base of her spine in the mirror. It was small, about the size of her thumb, and did not appear to move. But she knew if she had a few more "accidents" it would develop into the long tail she had seen on the girl on the tablet.

Bree silently cursed as she felt around for a towel. Bast, sitting on the toilet and still invisible, handed her one. Bree was too preoccupied with the changes to notice how she got the towel, and began to dry off. Bast smiled, pleased with the progress of her new pet. She was a little disappointed Bree had given in so quickly, but her continued defiance was a source of amusement for Bast. She looked forward to the excitement that the rest of Bree's day would bring. Bast followed Bree into her room as she got dressed. Bree quickly tried to get dressed and hide her new additions. Her bra was surprisingly tight. She had just bought it, so it should not have shrunk. Then she remembered the large breasts the girl on the tablet had.

"Of course she would have big tits", thought Bree, "As if this weren't hard enough." Bree found that all of her clothes were now tighter and more snug. Then remembered that the girl on the tablet seemed tall.

"Well, at least that is something", thought Bree, "I have always wanted to be a little taller."

Now dressed, uncomfortably and with poorly fitted clothes, Bree started to leave her home. But as she walked past the kitchen she spotted the tablet. The woman had left it here!

"Maybe I can use it to change back", thought Bree, "Then again, maybe it will make things worse. This is all just so crazy, and it is hard for me to think straight. Maybe I should call someone over to help."

Bree sat down at the kitchen counter with a sigh, placing her head in her hands. She looked up at the clock. If she was going to work, she needed to leave soon. 

Bast sat beside her, still invisible, enjoying Bree's frustration. She was eager to see her decision. Whatever she chose, Bast knew it would bring her some drama, excitement, and fun. It was going to be a good day.