 "Are you alright Bree? You seem kinda distracted today." 

Bree looked up from her computer and saw her coworker Alan looking at her from over their shared cubical wall. She tried to downplay her nervous expression and said she was probably just coming down with a cold. But the entire time she could only think of the dull throb that reminded her of the developments in her pants. 

As much as she wanted to stay home and deal with her new assets, Bree needed to work. What good would being homeless and some kind of sideshow freak do her? So she dressed in the loosest fitting clothing she had, that was also work appropriate and left. It wasn't until she'd started driving that she realized this was going to be a lot more difficult than she'd anticipated. 

Just shifting her legs caused pangs of pleasure to radiate from her crotch. No accustomed to the sensitive member she now sported between her legs, Fitting it into her panties had been enough of a challenge. The satin fabric felt far too good on her cock. Her balls, though small, kept popping out of the crotch of her panties, making odd bulges in the seat of her pants. And if someone didn't notice that, they'd notice the bump above her belt, at the base of her spine. A two inch tail that, like her balls, would wiggle free and pop out as if to remind Bree she wasn't entirely human anymore. 

"Are you sure it's nothing? You could probably take off if you wanted. Place is dead, who calls customer service for a printing company on the weekend, at midnight?" Alan remarked. 

"Ya, but I need the hours and I'd rather be here when it's dead than when it's busy." Bree sighed. 

"Is it ever busy?" Alan joked. The office was always dead, even more so on the weekends. Few people ever called in, but company policy, 24/7 customer service, meant someone had to be here to man the phones. 

Normally Bree would laugh back, but she wasn't in the mood today. In fact if this was any other day, she would have been happy Alan was paying her so much attention. They'd been working together for the better part of a year, and she'd always thought he was nice. Certainly no Zac Efron, but he had that sort of boy next door cute look. And unlike some of the other guys in the office, he wasn't a total idiot jock. 

"Well, you need anything you know where to find me." Alan said, before sliding back into his seat. 

Bree sighed as his blonde hair disappeared from view. She really did want to continue the conversation, but she had a new problem to deal with. Getting up, Bree found herself wandering back and forth trying to make up her mind. She'd been sweating bullets on the drive to work. She'd had at least four cups of coffee since coming into work. It was the night shift, she didn't want to risk falling asleep on the job, though again it was dead quiet so there was little point in staying awake. 

Still, Bree had done her best to stay awake, drinking half a pot of coffee. And that meant she had to go to the bathroom like crazy. Which lead to her most recent dilemma. Coworkers began to give her odd stares as they passed Bree, who was still pacing in front of the bathroom. Bree tried to pretend she thought it had been occupied, and eventually went in. She locked the bathroom door and lowered her pants. Angrily glaring at the bulge in her panties, Bree wrestled with her choices. Try to pee sitting down, or use this thing like a fucking hose and spray it in like any other guy would. 

"Ugh, here goes nothing." Bree grumbled to herself. Her penis too small to just pull free, Bree lowered her panties and stood an inch from the bowl. Pointing her shaft down, she patiently waited until her bladder finally let go. A healthy stream shot into the bowl, and Bree sighed. This wasn't as bad as she'd thought. It made her wonder why guys always missed when they could literally aim into the toilet. 

"Maybe some good did come of this mess." Bree thought as she took a bit of tissue to wipe off her cock. A mistake, as the second she touched the sensitive head her legs quivered. She quickly removed her hand, but the damage was done. Bast's magic started working its way through her once more, enticing Bree to touch herself again. 

"No, not here. Not now. For fuck's sake Alan is out there. I'm not about to play with myself in the bathroom like some pervert." Bree angrily muttered. She grabbed her cock and tried to stuff it back into her panties. But the strong grip around the semi-hard shaft just made matters worse. It felt so good, a tight embrace on her growth, like someone was hugging it. Tightly wrapped around its length, it felt so much better than Bree would care to admit. 

Before she knew it, her hand was slowly moving up and down her shaft, which was slowly growing as she did. What started at three inches doubled in size. By the time Bree felt her orgasm crest, her cock was at least six inches long, and her balls now swollen to the size of golf balls. With her hand wrapped around it, Bree couldn't see that her cock was slowly changing color, indicating its shift from a normal human dick to a much more animalistic thing. More black splotches appeared, and the once soft skin became thicker, almost harder. Only a few patches of pink were left. 

One hand still stroking her cock, another hand had traveled under her blouse and bra to her again growing breasts. The clasp on her bra was nearly at its limit, and her breasts didn't seem like they would stop growing any time soon. 

Still standing in front of the toilet, Bree was fortunately enough that her load was shot into the bowl as well. Biting her lip to keep from moaning out loud, Bree drew blood as she came. Her entire body clenched and them released in harmony as cum shot out of her cock for the first time. Bree revealed in the sensation of her first male orgasm, pinching her nipples and biting her lip harder and harder as she fought the urge to release a whorish moan. 

When she was done, Bree took a few steps back and leaned against the wall. She knew what she did was wrong, but at the time it felt so good. What harm could one more little orgasm do...?

"Oh fuck me." Bree hissed, realizing that her orgasm had done a LOT of damage. It was hard enough trying to fit her junk into her feminine underwear. Now she had to stuff her six inch, almost completely black, wang and two golf balls in. In fact she could hardly see the growth they'd gone through, as her breasts seemed to have gained at least two cup sizes. They were spilling out of her bra, which was completely useless at this point. Undoing the clasp, Bree breathed in relief as she hadn't realized it was cutting into her back as much as it had been. Her breasts bounced free, exemplifying just how big they'd gotten. 

"Anything else I should know about?" Bree thought, approaching the mirror to look at her reflection. Thankfully, it didn't look like her horns had gotten any bigger, nor had the stub that would be her tail if she kept transforming. Her hair did look a shade redder, and her eyes looked more green than hazel. 

"Hey Bree you ok? You've been in there a while." Alan's voice came from the other side of the door and Bree jumped in surprise. Gravity playing cruel tricks on her body, the jostling reignited pleasure as her cock and balls and breasts bounced. 

"Uh ya, I think so. Um, can you do me a favor and grab my jacket and bag from my desk. I think I am going to head out after all." Bree said, trying to calm herself before she started changing again. 

"Ya sure. Hang on." 

Bree waited until she was sure Alan was gone to try and deal with her new problems. Her nipples were hard and her cock kept twitching as if an incessant child begging for attention. 

"No, no, no! I'm in control of my body and I'm giving you any more attention." Bree said. This time gently pulling her panties back up over her junk to avoid arousing herself any more than she already was. Flushing the toilet, and washing her hands, Bree then tried to fit her breasts into her blouse better. But given the rapid growth they'd gone through, it was pointless. The shirt was now two sizes too small to contain her ample cleavage. Her discarded bra wouldn't serve any purpose, but Bree couldn't leave it here. So she refastened it under her massive jugs. Slightly uncomfortable, but she didn't want anyone to see her walk out of the bathroom carrying her bra. 

"Hey Bree, you're, uh, gonna have to open the door if you want me to give you your jacket." Alan said. 

Bree swallowed and went to the door, robotically thinking placed thoughts about old grannies knitting, and rush hour traffic. She opened the door just enough to let Alan stick his hand through with her jacket. Which, no surprise, didn't fit right anymore either. 

"Are you sure you're okay? I could drive you home if you want?" Alan offered. He tried to peer into the bathroom to see if Bree was alright, but she seemed to be making a point to hide behind the door. 

"No, thank you, but that's no necessary. Besides how'd you get back to the office then?" Bree said. 

"Call an Uber or something, it's no trouble. Like I said before, this place is dead. At least let me walk you to your car." 

"Alright..." Bree conceded that Alan wasn't going to give up, and she'd rather have him walk her to the garage than drive her home. The less time she spent with him the better. She just wanted to go home, get out of these constricting clothing, and see if that "goddess" was still lurking around her house. Maybe try to convince her to take this "gift" back. 

Bree opened the door and Alan's jaw just about dropped. He'd thought Bree looked different earlier when she first came in. Something about her hair and, as much as he didn't want to admit to staring at her breasts, her chest had seemed bigger. Now it was hard to miss. Bree's boobs were practically bursting out of her tight bitting blue shirt. The once subtle red highlights looked more like a full dye job, with only a few brown locks remaining. And her eyes... didn't Bree have hazel eyes.

But that wasn't made his jaw drop. No the obvious THING in the crotch of Bree's tight pants is what made his jaw drop. That... that hadn't always been there had it? Bree came to work wearing skirts before, surely he'd have noticed... 

"Uh, Bree are you hiding a plastic surgeon in there?" Alan half joked. Bree's cheeks flushed and she felt like crying. Or running, or jumping into the deepest hole. 

"Hey, it was a joke, forget it. Let's get going." Alan said quickly when he saw he'd upset Bree. That was the last thing he wanted to do. She was nice, albeit a tad innocent, but he liked her. Whether he like, liked her or not remained to be seen. But he certainly didn't want to be remembered around the office as the guy who made a girl cry in the bathroom on a Friday night. 

"If she is a she." Alan thought, wondering if that's why Bree's breasts had suddenly gone through puberty. Though that didn't explain the sudden change in hair color. Contacts might explain her eyes, but still. 

Bree didn't argue, she just let Alan usher her out of the office. They ignored the stares from their coworkers and sped towards the elevator. Bree was thankful Alan's broad body shielded her from view. The two walked in relative silence towards the office parking garage. Bree was glad the gloomy atmosphere had killed what little arousal she'd been fighting. For now her body was calm. 

From afar, atop another car, Bast was perched watching her toy and her toy's male companion walk together. 

"Such a shame, they make a nice couple. If only they'd just give in to their feelings." Bast mused, her tail twitching in a rather predatory way behind her. Her sharp cat eyes locked on the mortals before her, Bast wondered whether she might snag another toy. She rarely picked males because they were notoriously crude and crash. Females were much more interesting, and more often than not had far more vivid fantasies to exploit. 

Perhaps this male would be the diamond in the rough. There were some that weren't total wastes of a human life. Maybe Bree had found herself one of them. Bast smiled as she thought about the implication of this man following Bree home. With any luck he'd come across the tablet, and ensnare himself just as Bree had. That would make the game easier on Bast, who was an impatient sort of god. Or maybe it was just that humans were too slow. 

"Listen, Alan... I don't really how to explain this..." Bree said once they'd reached her car. The topic of Bree's changes had gone untouched until now, when Bree felt she had to say something. She didn't want Alan to start thinking she was a... she wasn't even sure what he was thinking.

"You don't have to explain anything. But, uh, I would have been cool knowing, if you felt wanted to tell me. I'm not homophobic." Alan said, his cheeks now turning red. 

"What? Oh no, that's... I'm not... I don't even know what I am anymore." Bree muttered, as she truly didn't know what she was. Bree climbed into her car without another word, and Alan stepped back t let her go. His mind was full of sp many questions, and so many confusing feelings. Here was this girl he'd really liked. But, was she even a girl? Bree clearly had something down there. 

"Maybe it'd not real? Or maybe it's one of those packing things. Which would mean Bree is the other sort of trans, but why would she want bigger boobs? God, what the fuck?" Alan thought, his head starting to ache from all the questions he had. 

"Stop over-thinking, you like her don't you? Don't let her go." Bast whispered in his ear. Her arms wrapped around his unknowing chest, she kissed him on the lips before slipping away once more. Her touch sent a chill through Alan's body, and for a moment he was frozen. Then, snapped out of his trance, he jumped into action. Bree had started to pull out of her parking space when she heard Alan call her name. 

She looked forward and saw him at her window, looking a bit flushed. Bree quickly rolled the window down. 

"Alan, what's...?"

He reached through the window and kissed her. Both their bodies set alit by the sudden and passionate action, Bree felt the magic start to work again. However this time, she fought it. Though she would have liked to continue the kiss, she broke away from Alan and pushing him back. He fell on his ass, and Bree didn't hesitate to drive away. Glancing in the rearview mirror, Bree saw Alan get to his feet looking obviously hurt. 

Tears welled up in her eyes, as Bree knew she'd just ruined her one chance with him. But it was either enjoy the kiss, or let him see the raging hard on she now had. 

"She certainly is something isn't she boy? Well, we won't let her get away that easy." Bast chuckled, her arms once again wrapped around Alan's chest. His body filled with an unnatural lust, his own being was slowly being warped by the goddess. Not acting of his own accord, he walked to his own car and drove after Bree. He didn't even have the key, but he did have the goddess on his side. She rode in the passenger seat whispering things to Alan. Things that made his own cock spring to life. 

"Let's make that a bit bigger huh? You men all want bigger packages anyway, don't you?" Bast said, unzipping his pants. She tugged his cock free of his briefs and stroked it to full mast. As she did it grew in length and girth to match Bree's fantasy. Alan moaned as he drove, his cock becoming so much more sensitive, especially the head. It was now flared and ribbed, fit for a proud stallion with a mottled shaft. His balls strained the seat of his pants, and Bast snapped her fingers and they disappeared. His softball sized balls now free to dangle between his legs and off the edge of the seat. A large glob of pre dripped down the length of Alan's two foot shaft. 

"Much better. Now, we can't have you cumming too soon. Where's the fun in that? Let's reward our little horseback girl with a big explosion." Bast said, releasing Alan's cock. He continued to drive, still in his zombie-like state, with his erect pounding against the steering wheel and his chest. Bast smiled, eager to see how the rest of the evening would pan out.