 Bree stormed into her apartment, tears dried to her face. Her chest heaved as she tried to catch her breathe from running up the stairs, and from crying in the car. She wiped her eyes, and tried to calm herself. It wasn't easy. What a day she'd had. Moral of the story, don't open mysterious packages that appear on your doorstep if you haven't ordered them. 

Throwing her belongings to the side, Bree walked in the huff to her bedroom, tearing off different parts of her clothing as she did. She breathed a sigh of relief as her chest was freed on her constricting shirt. Bree's breasts were just shy of the size of the woman's in the picture's. She ran a hand through her now red hair, pausing when her fingers brushed against her stubby horns. They were just long enough to poke through her hair. 

As she entered her bedroom Bree undid the button on her pants. She breathed an even deeper sigh of relief as her cock flopped out of her underwear. Though it wasn't hard, it was still about 4 inches long, and her feminine underwear weren't designed to hold, well, anything. Briskly yanking her underwear down, Bree felt them run over her tail. She could feel it twitch, and would swear it was long enough to actually bend around and touch her back. Though she was terrified to, Bree steeled her nerve and stepped in front of her body length mirror to fully assess the damage. 

"How the hell is this a gift? I can't let anyone see me like this." she thought. 

She hated to admit it, but Bree did look hot. Her once slight and unspectacular body had filled out. Her lips were fuller, her body was more of an hourglass shape, and her skin almost had a literal glow to it. She could see her two new ivory horns just above her forehead, and her now brilliant green eyes. And of course there were her massive breasts and that damn horsecock. Aside from that horsecock, the tail and horns, Bree would have been very happy with her changes. She could write off the eyes with contacts, and maybe the physical changes to a vigorous gym routine and some plastic surgery. No one would ever believe the truth, some weird cat-like goddess showed up in her kitchen and "gifted" her with a body most teenager boys dreamed of. 

"Maybe I can get this thing removed. Guys have sex change operations, I suppose this would be the same thing." Bree said, frowning at her crotch. Of course the longer she looked at it, the more she accepted the massive horse dong was a part of her, and now hers. Some part of her might have even started liking it. Bree would never admit that to herself, but Bast's magic was eating away at her willpower. 

Bree was about to concede to her exhaustion when she heard someone making quite a ruckus outside her apartment. Initially she chalked it up to some drunk idiot coming home from a night out. But then she distinctly heard her name being called. Bree hesitated, not only because it was suspicious to have uninvited house guests at one in the morning, but because she was stark naked. And it wasn't as if she could just throw a robe on. Chances were it wouldn't fit, given the recent growth spurt she'd gone through. 

"Oh for the love of... looks like we'll have to let ourselves in." Bast sighed. Impatient as ever, she opened the door for Alan. Who, thanks to Bast's presence, was able to walk into the apartment building without anyone gawking at him or calling the police because he too was naked now and sporting several "gifts" from Bast. 

Alan walked inside after some "encouragement" from Bast. Loudly closing the door behind him, Bree felt her heart skip several beats. Her immediate thought was that someone was breaking in. And she was terrified for her life, but more to the point didn't want anyone to see her in her current inhuman form. She sped into the bathroom, shutting the lights off and hiding in her shower. She sat on the floor, pulling her knees to her chest. Which wasn't a good idea on her part. Her breasts were mashed against her cock, and her heart was now skipping a beat for a new reason. 

"Hmmm, interesting." Bast smirked when she saw Bree's discarded clothing in the apartment, obviously leading to the bedroom. Alan stood a ways away, still caught in a trance and completely unaware of where he was, what he was doing, and the transformation he'd undergone. Bast walked into the bedroom, Alan following close behind. The bedroom was empty, but it didn't take her long to figure out where Bree had gone. 

"Come out come out and play..." Bast giggled, tugging Alan along. 

Bree was too preoccupied to hear. After squirming and shifting, at first because she was trying to not be in such a "comfortable" position, Bree had inadvertently rubbed her cock against her legs so much that she'd popped a full blown erection. Her fear of getting murdered in her shower quickly dissipated and Bree found herself doing the only thing she could in her state. 

Both hands wrapped around her growing shaft, Bree was vigorously pumping up and down. So fast she was a little worried she might get a rub burn. Her balls swelled larger and larger, doubling in size at least. Her horsecock stretched from six inches to eight, then ten, and then a full twelve inches. The head flared proudly, small nubs around the crown forming. A completely animal shaft between her legs, behind her Bree's tail was twitching madly and growing. 

Bast pressed one of her cat ears to the door and smiled. She could hear Bree moaning, and the sound of her hands squishing against the wet flesh of her cock. And based just how "wet" things sounded, Bast thought it was a safe to assume Bree's cock was overflowing with pre. 

"Why don't you go help her?" Bast purred into Alan's ear. He absently nodded and strode to the door. 

Bree stopped mid-stroke when she heard the door open. Her fear was subdued but still there. so she immediately stopped playing with herself. Her shock and surprise only ramped up when the shower door was thrust open and Bree saw who her "intruder" was. A very, very changed Alan. 

It was Alan, that much was obvious. But it was almost as if he was a male version of whatever the hell you might call what Bree is. A black cat tail was waved behind him, almost like it had a mind of its own. His eyes were a dark, frost green, with reptilian slits for pupils. Bree had no idea what his body looked like before, but he was ripped now. His body also appeared to have an unnatural glow. Atop his head were a set of ebony horns, probably four or five inches long. But most impressive of all was the two foot stallion shaft between his legs and the grapefruit sized balls in a leathery sack. 

"He's perfect now isn't he? Don't worry, you can thank me later." Bast said. Bree's mind hardly even registered Bast's presence. The only thing she could think of was Alan. She wasn't exactly sure how to proceed, given she'd lost her lady parts to make room for the, in comparison to Alan's cock, moderately sized shaft and balls. 

"Well don't stand there, go on." Bast pushed the transformed Alan forward. His tail twitched as he slowly moved closer and closer to Bree. She was still paralyzed with shock, but her body was reacting without her consent. Her own horsecock slowly slid from its sheath and slapped underneath her breasts. 

"Ah, I love it when a plan comes together. Don't you two?" Bast purred with glee as the two humans met. Bree was snapped out of her trance, but didn't fight the lust. Alan's hands tightened around Bree's throbbing shaft. His hand slowly stroked out a thick dollop pre. It lubricated the length so he could stroke faster. Bree moaned in ecstasy, fingers pinching her nipples and squeezing as much of her breasts as she could. 

Her nipples swelled as Bree neared an orgasm. Alan suddenly pulled away, and knelt down. He brought Bree's cock to his lips, blowing air over the tip. Bree's legs buckled, the head flaring and then a massive load shooting all over Alan's face. A serpentine tongue flicks out to lick up as much of the cum as possible. Bree's balls squirmed in their sack as their load was unleashed. 

"That wasn't enough was it? You're still hot aren't you. You need more? Tell me you want more." Bast crept up to Bree and whispered in her ear. Bree nodded, but Bast pressed her. The goddess' firm and erect nipples pressed against Bree's back. Bast rubbed herself up and down, raking her nips along Bree's skin, goosebumps appearing as Bree's body filled with lust again. Bast's delicate hands wrapped around Bree's shaft now, and her touch was so much more intense than Alan's. Who was smiling in a drunk haze, happily watching goddess toy with Bree.

He began to pump his own shaft, which was being sorely unserviced. Bast silently called him to her. He stood behind the cat-like goddess and lined up his horsecock with the goddess' golden snatch. Slowly sliding it inside, Bast's influence over the two tripled with her own arousal. Bree and Alan were lost in a high as they received pleasure beyond anything they'd ever felt before. Bast's touch sending Bree into a series of quick micro orgasms. Small spurts of cum shooting out of her cock, rapid fire almost like a machine gun. Bast's cunt massaged Alan's soda can sized cock as it pumped in and out. It wasn't long until Alan's balls yanked up and cum poured out of the flared head of his cock. 

"Ahh, wonderful. I think that's enough for me, for now. I'll let you two get on with it. But don't have too much fun without me kiddies." Bast giggled in a very childish way. Alan was surprised when suddenly his cock was embraced by a warm, wet tube. Bree was surprised when her cock was let go and left to hang just under her breasts. 

The two only stood there in shock for a moment. The lingering magic pushed them together, and soon the two were wrapped up together in their arms. Their horse dongs pressed together, pre dribbling down and lubricating both shafts. Bree, though she didn't have a pussy, turned around and bent over to present herself to Alan. The only hole available her ass, Alan wiped a health amount of precum on Bree's slightly puckered hole. 

Bree, on her hands and knees now, eagerly shook her ass in preparation for Alan's cock. She gasped as she felt Alan slowly begin to push inside. His cock's head felt so large, almost impossibly large for her tight hole. But the further Alan went in, the clearer it became that Bree could take it all. The medial ring was swallowed inside Bree's ass when Alan couldn't wait any longer. He slammed forward, the remaining foot of his cock disappearing. 

Bree's mouth opened, silently screaming as she was overwhelmed. She might have blacked out from the sheer pleasure if Bast's magic wasn't keeping her coherent. Her ass throbbed and clenched around the massive shaft. Her own dick was erect between her breasts. Bree moaned as Alan began the process of pulling in and out. His motions started out slow, and became increasingly fast as they neared their climax. Bree tilted her head down, and came face to face with her pre spitting cock. 

For the first time, she found her tongue was longer, thinner, and somewhat prehensile, like Alan's. She started licking her cock, bending over more and more until she was able to pop the entire head of her cock into her mouth. She was sucking her cock as she was getting railed in the ass by a horsecock. 

Alan couldn't hold on much longer. A rush of cum sent Bree over the edge, and her own cock exploded in her mouth. She greedily sucked down as much cum as she could, like a calf suckling from its mother's udder. Her world exploded into colors and she lost all sense. The only thing she could feel was pleasure. Alan's cock continued to dump thick cum into Bree's ass, until she was filled to the brim. His cock was forced out, and cum spilled out all over her ass and the back of her thighs. 

The two collapsed to the ground, the magic finally dissipating and allowing the two to rest. Bast watched from a corner of the room. Her work wasn't done just yet. Once the two woke up, there was one final change she had to instill in the two humans.