 A/N: This chapter has been edited by my editor, 'SleeperyJim'. Chapters 1 and 2 are also being edited and will replace the old chapters when they are done. Big thanks to my editor once again for doing this for me, and another big thanks to everyone who has taken an interest In this young story.

Chapter 0/ Prologue

The earth has always been filled with tales of monsters and creatures that prowled different regions of the world and human civilizations, during various times in history. Sometimes these creatures and monsters bore a striking resemblance to humans. Others were more monstrous in appearance, while yet others were non-corporeal: ghosts, phantoms and spirits. 

These tales were meant to describe the unknown—what hid in plain sight or what hid far from the gazes of men and women alike. Sometimes these monsters were used to steer man in the right direction. Or they were used to frighten unruly children so they would listen to their parents. Many of these monstrous interactions with humanity were either beneficial, symbiotic or at worst, deadly. Mostly they were deadly.

The Americas had their monsters; their spirits, their creatures. Europe, well known as the cradle of many of the world's tales of monsters, had its own. No place on earth was free from tales of creatures and monsters, save Antarctica. Whether they were real or not, did not matter. What mattered was the effect they had on their regions of the world. But as the world moved out of the dark ages and into the modern world and the future, humanity paid no more attention to tales of creatures of the night; beautiful flying women of the air, bloodsucking vampires living among men and flesh-hungry men and women who turned into werewolves to prowl the nights. 

Humanity, however, killed more humans than any vampire or monster could. Used and abused more humans than any demon could. 

And yet, humanity was also at the front repressing the worst of their own kind: defeating world conquest, genocide and slavery. The earth, with humanity as the dominant species, was split between good and evil; the selfish and selfless, the right-minded and corrupt. For more than two hundred years, humanity reigned without contention and without any real rival. 

Then one day, in the year 2218 99.9% of the human population disappeared off the face of the earth. It did not matter if one was awake or asleep, hiding underground, working beneath the sea in underwater domed cities or working out in space on the lunar colony and mars colony. Nearly all of humanity simply disappeared. Only 26 humans remained in the entire world. 15 men and 11 women. These last humans were not together in one city, country or continent, but were in fact separated into regions of the world such as northern America, southern Europe or western Africa. Waking up to a new day they discovered that their families and friends, employees and employers were gone. Waking to learn that the city or town they lived in was deserted save for them alone, was terrifying. 

The "rapture" was a working possibility for one of the humans. A silent accidental self-inflicted extinction event was another possibility. Other possible explanations included an overnight global die off, or a dimensional ripple that killed nearly all of humanity. But an answer of sorts was perhaps to be found when different creatures and monsters of myths and legends appeared to each of the last of the remaining humans. 

The last man in Northern America, which comprised the former United States, Canada and Greenland, was a man by the name of Benjamin Hatfield; a 6ft tall, thirty two year old white man, who had been a coast guard in his former life. He was approached by a 5'8" grey-skinned elven woman, who explained to him that the same mysterious event had also wiped out her species, save for her. She had then been pulled out of her realm and dropped here on the planet Earth, or the human realm. Being the last of her elven race, Thyia, as she was called, proposed something astonishing to Benjamin: she would become his lover, and help him repopulate his region of the world

When asked why, Thyia revealed to him that this revelation came from an unknown source that shared with her the knowledge that different non-human races were going to approach the other 25 remaining humans, and make the same offer she offered him. Without much to go on but the fact that he was the last man in the whole of northern America, and given that he was standing in front of a curvy, grey-skinned buxom elf who was barely clothed in a white flowing tunic, and armed with axes, Benjamin took her hand and accepted her offer. The race to repopulate the nearly empty earth with hybrids of human-non-human couplings had begun. In order to rule and keep their regions of the world to themselves, re-population was needed.

In time, the last human survivors, at the incessant suggestions from their non-human partners, would elevate themselves to 'lords' and 'ladies' of their regions of the world and spread the message via a worldwide app to all the remaining survivors.