 Day 13

13, October 2218

**Mexico City, Mexico**

Mexico, Region 2

Inside of the former Mexican president's office. Oscar Mariano was in the middle of talking to both Roxane and Benjamin via a live feed face-time conference. The main topic of discussion with these two regional leaders centered on his marriage to Menja, his infernal imp wife-to-be, that was happening today. 

"So you're really going to go through with this, Oscar? You're really going to get married to that little...woman?" Benjamin asked, sounding more worried than excited for him.

"Leave him alone, Benjamin. He's doing it because he loves her. I only wish my partner had the same desire as he did. I have to force him to show me some form of affection." Roxane chimed in.

"It's not like I don't love Menja. I do love her. It's taken some time for me to come to accept this. She can be funny and exciting when she wants to. At other times she can be a little scary and downright controlling. But she doesn't really do anything to physically hurt me. I don't think that's what she wants to do or even thinks about doing to me at all. Plus it wasn't my idea to get married. It was hers. She says its needed before we can start a family."

Roxane furrowed her brows. "What is that supposed to mean, Oscar?" 

"She hasn't told me specifically what it means. But if she says its important, then I'm going to believe her and will wait for her to tell me what she meant by that after consummating the marriage. So the plan is to have you two attend our wedding via live feed face-time. Since we can't leave our regions, this is the only way this going to work for the time being."

"If you're going to get married today, where's your tuxedo brother?" Benjamin wondered.

"Menja said she would send for someone to help me with that. I still don't know what she meant by that. I'll just have to wait and see." There was a knock on his door when he finished saying that. He looked over toward the door and responded, "Give me a moment!" 

"Listen, guys, I think that might be my tuxedo waiting for me. So far you two are the only ones who accepted this live feed face-time wedding invite. I'll contact you two again when the ceremony starts. Also, can you two please try to get the other humans to accept my invites? I don't know why they rejected them."

"I don't get it either, Oscar" Benjamin spoke. "But I have a feeling it may be their nonhuman partners who told them not to accept your invitations."

"What makes you say that?" 

"Some of them may not like you anymore. Maybe after what your partner said in your introductory video about her plans, made enemies out of them." 

Benjamin's words rang with truth inside of Oscar's head. "I knew what she said would cause problems. But I didn't think it would make enemies."

"Well she sounded serious to me, Oscar," Roxane said to him. 

The knocking on the door got even louder, turning into banging. Oscar bid his two friends goodbye and turned off his Light-Based phone. He stood up from his seat and went over to answer the door. 

Standing on the other side of the door was a creature similar to a zombie in appearance. Its flesh was rotted with muscles and tissue hanging off of its limbs. Parts of its skeleton were showing on its body. The zombie which could not speak held Oscar's clothes on its raised forearm. It was a pair of black trousers. Red stand-up collar dress shirt. A black brushed cotton vest with a silver pocket watch chain accessory. A black tie. A silky sash with black and red bands. There was a red sigil in the middle of the sash. It was most likely Menja's sigil. A black Cahill hat. Black gloves. A black frock coat and an ethereal red ember flame decoration that, only after putting on all pieces of his wedding clothes on with the help from his zombie butler—appeared on the left breast of his coat.

Oscar took several times looking over at himself in a mirror inside of the office. He couldn't believe how handsome and dapper he looked right now. But this was not a tuxedo. Then again, this wasn't a normal wedding either. And his bride was not a normal woman. Nor was she human either. The ethereal ember flame was a nice touch though. It radiated light but no heat which was amazing. The zombie who had been standing beside him tapped him on his shoulder and gestured him to follow him. 

Oscar took one more look at himself to see how he looked and asked the zombie. "Where is the wedding taking place? Is it going to be inside of the palace?"

The zombie nodded his head. He couldn't speak but he could still communicate through gestures such as that. "Okay hombre, lead the way." Oscar followed the zombie to the location inside of the national palace. 

For as long as he was living inside of the national palace. There were some rooms in the national palace that even he was not aware of their existence. For one thing, there was an old throne room that, once he walked inside, took his breath away when he saw how opulently dark it was decorated by Menja. When one thought about a royal room like a throne room. One thought of those photos on the internet of rooms of white or red walls with embroidered carpets on the floor. Arched ceiling with a mural on it too. Hanging chandeliers. Glossy marble tiled floors and the all too important thrones themselves, probably placed on an elevated platform with stairs leading up to them.

This throne room's walls were obsidian black. The floor was maroon tiled with black rugs and golden trimmings on its sides laying on top of the floor. The ceiling had an infernal mural depicting Menja as the sole infernal creature remaining, with Oscar by her side and her belly looking very swollen with future heirs. It was a hellish image but one that oddly, did not terrify him as it should have. The last monarchs Mexico ever knew were Maximilian I and Charlotte of Mexico, who reigned during the second Mexican Empire before being dethroned and the monarchy abolished. It appeared Menja had a desire to raised the dead empire back under new monarchs. 

Oscar walked over to the base of the steps leading to the thrones sitting atop a raised platform. There were two crowns made of shiny black steel, encrusted with rubies and diamonds around its base. The crowns upper sections were shaped like horns. Sending the message that this was not a regular human wedding or a wedding sanctioned ever to be approved by God himself. He turned on the phones he was going to use contact Benjamin and Roxane. He video called them and placed the phones down on some chairs Menja placed in front of the spot where they were to be married. The American's face appeared on the screen of the phone, and so did the Frenchwoman's shortly after his. Even though they could not be there to attend his wedding in person. Both of the other human guests felt the need to dress up out of respect for the wedding and marriage.

The man of the hour waited by his spot and watched the zombie butler walk away and crumble into dirt and ashes that disappeared into nothingness. The aisle where Menja would be walking down was laid out with a black rug with golden trimmings on its sides. Burning braziers were lined vertically outside of the black rug, leading up to the base of the raised platform. The lights from the hanging chandeliers above dimmed on their own. The only lights beaming brightly were from the phones facing Oscar, the bridegroom's burning ethereal ember and from the braziers.

The woman of the hour came walking inside. She was wearing a veil made of fire and something that looked like a black dress, only this 'dress' was made entirely of solid black fire that let off flickering flames. Although the dress wasn't made up of the normal color of fire, it still brightened up the dimly lit throne room. All of this was still so odd to Oscar. Menja was a three-foot-tall imp from hell. When he met her for the first time, her hair was frizzy and unkempt. Half of her hair hung down one side of her face, covering one eye and leaving only the other one exposed. She smelled of sulfur, a really god awful smell. But after getting dolled up. The former marine couldn't believe he was seeing the same imp he met thirteen days ago.

Her hair was styled in a fishtail hairstyle. Her two big doe-eyes were on full show for him to stare at. 

In her hands, she held not a traditional bouquet of flowers. Instead, she held onto a large bouquet of dead flowers whose petals were on fire and smoking. They seemed to burn and smoke indefinitely without the flowers turning to ashes. There was no piano or organ to play her in as she walked down the aisle over to him. Only silence rung between them. But he looked happy and satisfied with her. Benjamin and Roxane watched the infernal imp make her way to her betrothed. They stared back at one another, held hands and turned to face the thrones. With a wave of her hand, Menja raised a skeleton dressed as an archbishop only with darker clothing and no crucifix on its mitre or clothing.

The infernal archbishop raised its lowered face, summoned an infernal bible in its bony hands out of flames in the space between its raised hands. It coughed into its closed bony hand first, then spoke in a baritone voice.

"Dearly beloved sinners and children of fallen grace, we are gathered here today in the presence of these two witnesses, to join Menja, imp, and queen of hell and Oscar Mariano, human and future king of hell in dark infernal matrimony commended to honorable between the both of them. It was my queen's wish to marry her to this human for the sole purpose of his continued safety and existence after their children are born. Cambions can be very violent to their human parent if they do not, one, see that they are spiritually united to their infernal parent via marriage or blood contract. And two, not corrupted with enough sin to guarantee they are not a

target of their own children's violence and temptations. If there is any soul here now that feels these two should not be joined together - let them speak now or else they can go straight to hell with their opinion."

"Nyahahahaha!" Menja laughed, high-fiving her summoned archbishop. Oscar rolled his eyes and just kept staring back at her.

"And now for your wedding vows. Who would like to go first?" 

"I think you should go first Menja," Oscar said to her. 

"No, no. You go first" Menja replied. 

"Okay. I Oscar Mariano take you, Menja, the last imp from hell, to be my wife, my friend, my faithful partner, my love and my goddess from this point forward. In the presence of these two witnesses, I offer you my solemn vow to be your faithful partner and follower in sickness and in health-"

"...I'm immortal though, deathless actually. Nyahaha" Menja muttered and giggled to herself. 

"-in good times and in bad, and in joy as well as in sorrow. I promise to love you unconditionally, to support you in all of your goals, to honor and respect you, to laugh with you and cry with you, and to cherish you for as long we both shall live." 

Although the vow was standard. Menja felt the sincerity of each word in Oscar's voice. She blushed deeply. She watched a small blue-white light emanating from his chest. It sparkled like a diamond ring in the sun. At first, the light came out of him like a glob of Elmer's glue. 

Then it condensed into a ball of light that floated towards the tiny imp's right hand, where it encircled her ring finger before transforming into a silver wedding ring. She seemed pleased and satisfied with this result. 

Oscar had no clue what that light was just now that left his body that transformed into a silver wedding ring for his wife. He just waited for Menja to say her vows. 

"I Menja, take you Oscar, a human man, to be my husband, my partner in life, my devotee and my one true love. I will cherish our union and love you more each day than I did the day before. I will trust you and respect you, laugh with you and cry with you, loving you faithfully through good times and bad, regardless of the obstacles we may face together, and we will be facing many together. I give you my hand, my heart and my love from this day forward for as long as we both shall live." 

Coming out from between Menja's breast, a small black sphere came forth exuding heat and pressure. It floated towards Oscar's left hand and encircled his ringer finger, before changing into an obsidian black wedding ring. The ring felt unimaginably hot around his finger. So much that he felt it might melt through the thin skin, muscle and bone of his ring finger. But thankfully it didn't. The feeling was only momentary. It was gone just as quickly as it came.

"By the power vested in me by the kingdom of Hell, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may now feel free to shove your tongues down each other throats. It's not like I care really."

Menja smirked at Oscar, then lunged herself at him. He held her up by her hamstrings, pulled her fiery veil over her face and did battle with her tongue. Hers was naturally a little longer and a little colder than his, odd since she was an imp from hell. But despite differences of anatomy, it didn't stop either of them from sucking face. The tiny imp brushed her fingers through his hair, sucking his tongue into her mouth and brushing her tongue all over the walls of his mouth and teeth. 

"I present to you all Mr. and Mrs. Mariano!" The archbishop said loudly, raising both of his hands up over his head. 

Menja refused to remove her lips off of Oscar's when he started to signal to her that he needed to breathe. He was left to carry her down the aisle they both walked on and left the throne room. Benjamin and Thyia, including Roxane and Elred, applauded the couple's union. 

Thyia kissed Benjamin, mirroring the same passion Menja and Oscar were showing each other. Elred kissed Roxane on her cheeks. It wasn't a kiss on the lips, but it would have to do for now. With the married couple out of sight, the guests hung up and returned back to their own affairs. The archbishop disappeared in a flash of light and fire before turning to a pile of ashes. 

Menja pulled her lips away from her husband's giving him the much-needed chance to get some fresh air into his lungs. 

"You know Oscar, that archbishop is the first created being from my power. He now resides somewhere in Hell."

"Doing what?" he asked her.

"I don't know. But right now let's get to making some beautiful babies of darkness."

"Menja, aren't we forgetting something? What's up with the thrones and the crowns?"

"That's for a much later time my love. Right now let's focus on getting me fat with lots of babies."

"All right, but first I need to clear something up with you. What the archbishop said in the beginning, is that the reason why you wanted to get married to me?"

Menja looked guilty and lowered her gaze along with her foot long ears. Oscar shook her and made her look back at him. 

"I ask because that lets me knows that you really do love me. That you value me just like I love and value you too. You love me don't you, don't you?!"

"Yes Oscar, I do. I'm a demon, and demons lie ninety percent of the time. But when we tell the truth, it is nothing but the truth. I don't want to lose you to other humans or their nonhuman partners, especially to our children. No one has made me feel as special as you have before or ever. I'm an imp, my rank puts me below foot soldiers in the hierarchy of hell. At best I serve as a baggage handler for them. I'm not special. All demons aim to rise in the ranks. And with this event, I now have reached the top of that hierarchy. And I want you with me in it."

Oscar smiled tenderly at his wife, wiping away the few tears that escaped from his eyes. He hugged her tightly and kissed the side of her head. Menja blushed a deep red and kissed him on his ear, including nibbling tenderly on it.

"You've made it my love. I will be with you every step of the way from this point on. With just us in all of Mexico for the time being. Let's start repopulating right now!"

"Nyahahaha! Prepare yourself husband, for I won't hold back!"

"Just don't kill me okay."

"Death can't touch you, my love. That wedding ring on your finger is made from my soul. Just like your soul has been turned into a wedding ring for me."

"Uh, does it come with some sort of manual?"

"Enough talk, husband! We will save all your questions for tomorrow or the next day! Now come and let's make The Lord angry at us!"

Wasting no pretense. Oscar and Menja did away with their clothes once inside of their bedroom. For the diminutive demoness, taking off her dress was as easy as snapping her fingers, which it was. It was the former marine who was having a little bit of a problem with his clothes. His tiny wife helped him with that problem by shredding his clothes at a speed that reminded him of the Tasmanian devil from the looney tunes when he was a child. 

Naked and semi-erect. Menja didn't have to kneel in front of him. Standing at only three feet tall, her face stopped just short of passing over his waistline. Taking a hold of his balls with one hand. She took him into her mouth, wrapping her lips around the head and shaft and slowly sliding down till she reached the base of his cock. Groaning passionately. She bobbed her head up and down, letting her tongue massage the underside of his shaft as she fellated him. 

"Oh my little Goddess, Menja!" Oscar moaned and panted. 

Menja moaned delightfully in response to his words. She bobbed her head up and down faster while massaging his heavy balls in her small hand. She was careful not to hurt and scratch her husband's sensitive skin with her sharp claws on the ends of her fingertips. She felt the building tension in his hands that pressed down on top of her head of black hair. He took a hold of her head firmly and thrust his hips back and forward. 

Oscar looked down at her taking his fat cock down her throat. Her big eyes looked right up at him with love and lust in them. He continued thrusting his hips, stopping just short of coming inside of her mouth. He pulled out of her mouth. His cock was slathered heavily with saliva from top to bottom. Menja growled angrily at him. 

"Oscar what's wrong?!"

"Sorry, but I didn't want to finish inside of your mouth. I'm saving it all for that tight, burning fucking cauldron of a pussy!" 

"Ohh" Menja cooed.

He grabbed her by her hamstrings and lifted her up, then thoughtlessly threw her down on top of their bed. Spreading her thick thighs apart. Oscar stared back at her pussy, covered with a patch of fuzzy black pubes around it. He planted his face down on top of her burning inferno, pressed his lips down on her pussy and pushed his tongue inside her. Cooing and moaning at feeling his warm wet lips pushing aside the outer lips of her pussy delighted her. Menja, like him before, pressed her hands down on top of his head and brushed her fingers through his hair. 

"Mmmm, yes, lick that pussy just like that! Ahh, fack!" 

He swirled his tongue around inside her wet tight inferno, shaking his head back and forth and absolutely ravishing her with great fervor to deliver those little bits of extra pleasure which she relished.

"Haugh, haugh, haugh...HAAHHHH!!" Menja howled monstrously. Her deafening roar shook the walls and floor and every last furniture inside of their bedroom with great power. For such a little body that she had, she roared with the vocal might of ten lions.  

Strangely enough to him, Oscar did not register her orgasmic shout as monstrous in the slightest. To his ears, she sounded like a normal woman hollering during orgasm. His marriage to her must have changed some deeply hidden biases he held about her, for the better it seems. With

shaking legs and feet. Menja squirted in his face, drenching it and the bed below them. But the bed, unlike her husband's face and neck, sizzled and steamed from coming in contact with her juices. Tiny holes formed on the bed sheets and covers as if droplets of acid were dropped on them. 
