 These characters and this setting have been in my mind for a while, just begging to come out. It may be a series, or maybe just a hot one-time thing. We'll see.

Also, please look for the attached picture/drawing I made for it. If it's not in the story text, it's in with my submitted pictures. Hope you like it as well. Enjoy.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

BattleBikes

BattleBikes were a mix of technology from all cultures and races, fitted with weaponry, or modified for speed and agility. Courses were set to allow smarter riders to use tactics and strategy to outwit their opponents, or simply load their vehicles down with enough high-end weaponry to blast them to atoms. Some bikes were purely defensive or designed with shield systems to withstand punishment. Some were fitted with ablative armor, or stealth tech. The limitations on size, weight, and lethality were governed by a commission formed of several races, but the only real rule that existed was kill, or be killed. It was the ultimate test of skill.

 -----

Kaylen awoke with a jolt, startled out of her slumber by a crash in the garage adjacent to her module. After a close loss in her most recent race only a day before, she had spent hours in the hangar tinkering with her bike, trying to work out how she'd lost her position on the last lap and very nearly her life as well. As she sat up in bed, alerted by the disturbance, she reached for the heavy metal spanner on her night stand, throwing off her covers and making her way to the source of the noise that had woken her.

Kaylen was human, a third generation futanari; born and bred for combat in the outer rim conflicts. She had served in three campaigns in her life and knew how to fight. Futas were exceptional at that. With heightened reflexes, stronger muscle fiber, and much more stamina than a typical earth human, futanari were highly considered to be the next step in the evolution of the species. In appearance, Kaylen was a young human female, with short cut strawberry blonde hair, freckles, and the budding body of a teenager. Her perfectly rounded ass, firm perky breasts, and girlish face and smile left her beauty without question, but her bad girl attitude, wicked nature, and the heavy cock and balls between her thighs defined her most. She loved to fight, drink, and fuck, and whoever had been stupid enough to invade the sanctity of her hangar was about to learn she was far from the adorable pixie she appeared to be.

Storming into the garage, Kaylen snapped on the lights, powering up the impact spanner in her hand and causing an arc of blue light to snap back and forth between its prongs. She was clad only in a pair of white cotton panties that hugged her perfect rear, the retro Hello Kitty design on the back stretched across her world class ass, and the front straining to contain her fat dick and grapefruit sized balls.

"Who's there?!" Kaylen roared. "What do you want written on your tombstone!?"

Slowly, from behind Kaylen's half disassembled bike, a pair of green hands rose into the air, a figure behind them in a pose of surrender. Kaylen at once recognized the large almond eyes and smooth bald head of her intruder, two expressive antennae protruding from her forehead drooping forward in a show of submission. She knew that long lovely neck, those small shoulders, and those large beautiful tits barely confined to a black mylar vest. The embarrassed look on her visitor's face was one she had seen many times before as well.

"Ori!" Kaylen spoke with confused frustration. "I could have bashed in your skull. What the hell are you doing sneaking around in the middle of the night? We broke up. You told me you were leaving on the next shuttle."

Ori stepped out from behind Kaylen's bike, lowering her hands and tucking them behind her back as she looked down at her feet abashedly. She was wearing Earther jeans that conformed to her attractive hips and thighs, and a pair of grav boots that served little function rather than fashion.

"I didn't want you racing the Dapvarian." Ori spoke, her voice barely above a whisper. "I was sure you were going to get yourself killed. He won his last four races by annihilating the other riders, and you were bound and determined to beat him. I thought if I threatened to leave, you might back out. I didn't want to lose you."

Kaylen laid her spanner aside on a workbench as she approached her ex-lover. She stopped before the pretty green skinned Orion and reached out, bringing her eyes up to meet her own with a finger at her chin. The look in Kaylen's eyes was one of concern and hurt, but she couldn't keep the ghost of a smile from showing as well.

"The money was too good to pass up." Kaylen spoke, stepping in closer to Ori and sliding a hand around her bare midriff into the small of her back. "Just surviving paid enough to cover the mods I have in mind for the bike and our next five races. I bought a shuttle ticket as well. I was going to find you on the station tomorrow before any flights left. You don't really think I would let you get away from me that easily."

"You were? You wouldn't?" Ori asked, searching her lover's eyes with hope.

"You think I would ever let that gorgeous green ass out of my bed?" Kaylen asked, grinning as she moved in closer, brushing her nose against the featureless bump in the middle of Ori's face where she lacked a nose of her own. Kaylen slid her hand down over the curve of Ori's incredible ass, tracing her cheek and pulling her in closer, pressing their crotches together. They groaned with familiar pleasure as their endowments touched. Even separated by Ori's jeans and Kaylen's panties, their cocks knew one another and began to bulge and grow as they held each other close.

Ori couldn't keep her desire in check. Orions were legendary for their inability to ignore their strongest emotions. They were hedonistic creatures, who acted on instinct. For Ori, nothing she had ever experienced had been as intense as her love for Kaylen. From the first time her human lover had bullied her big futa cock into her ass, Ori had been obsessed. She was addicted to Kaylen's flavor, intoxicated by her attitude, and dominated by her will. She could no more leave than breath in the dead of space, which was likely why Kaylen had not taken her lover's threat seriously in the first place.

Ori groaned, bringing her hand up alongside Kaylen's face and guiding their lips together. Her wet Orion mouth searched out her human lovers own, and their tongues found one another in a sensual coupling within. Ori's tongue was much longer than Kaylen's, with a tapered tip that secreted a thick fluid that acted as a mild narcotic to humans. It tasted like cum, and Kaylen began to nurse at it as she wrapped her lips around her lovers offered treat and gulped down what she was given. Small trails of milky love trickled down her chin from the corners of her mouth as she drank deeply.

Together they worked their way out of their bottoms. Kaylen reached out to unbutton and unzip Ori's jeans as she eased them down over her hips, exposing soft lime green skin that felt like satin to the touch. Ori wriggled her hips, allowing her lower half to be set free, and slid her own hands down over Kaylen's body, removing her lover's panties to unleash the pleasure giving cock within.

Ori's vest came away with a flourish, and for a moment the two girls stood staring in awe of one another. Ori's breasts were quite a bit larger than Kaylen's, with thick midnight black nipples and fat puffy areolas. Kaylen's own tits were smaller, with tiny pink gumdrops and a dusting of freckles in the valley between them. Ori often counted the freckles on her lover's chest, comparing them to the stars. She would drag her long seeping tongue from nipple to nipple as she painted Kaylen with her oral milk.

By now both their cocks were fat and bulging with desire. Kaylen's heavy weapon was as thick as her wrist, and easily 16 inches long with a delicious banana curve. Her body at the root of her beautiful weapon was dusted with the same sweet and sexy freckles that she had across the bridge of her nose, upon her shoulders, and in all her other most adorable locations, but the length of her cock was a perfect peaches and cream color with a thick sleeve of flesh covering half her shaft. The knob and several inches of Kaylen's dick were a light pink and always wet and glistening when exposed. She had a piercing in the cum-hole of her fat apple sized bulb; a ring of shiny chrome that glinted in the dim light of the hangar.

Ori's own dick flesh was even larger than her lovers. Orions only had two sexes, and females all had sizeable endowments, but Ori's was a thing of perfection that Kaylen had grown to lust after like no other. Like Kaylen's dick, Ori's cock rose up with a gentle curve, but at the base of her shaft her green skin faded within a fingers width to a dark ebony black. Along the length of her thick flesh there were multiple ridges that drove Kaylen insane with pleasure when Ori took her ass. Her dick ended finally at a gorgeous 20 inches, the fat knob at the end of her weapon wet and dripping with pre-cum. Kaylen often just stared at the beauty of her lovers big cock, stroking it slowly with both her fists and allowing the thick sap that seeped nonstop from it's cum hole to drool down over her fingers before diving in and gobbling it up greedily with her mouth. Like the cum that Ori's mouth produced, the delicious milk that drooled from her Orion cock was intoxicating, but rather than have the effect of dulling a lover's mind, it only fueled Kaylen's lust even more. It was a drug she could never go without.

Eager to assert her dominance, Kaylen broke their kiss and pressed down gently on her lovers shoulders as she leaned back against a handy workbench. Ori's large black almond eyes had no pupils or color, but they seemed to soften as she stared up at her lover, squatting down and reaching out to take Kaylen's heated weapon into her hands. The antenna on her head curled backwards, trembling as Kaylen reached out and ran her fingers between them. The heat in Ori's hands as she took hold of Kaylen's cock-shaft was intense, and she could feel her lover's sex throbbing between her fingers as she opened her mouth around the pierced knob and closed her lips around it. Legs spread wide apart and squatting before her lover, Ori's own long black cock hung out from her body in a gentle arch, a long drooling stream of her arousal dangling from its bulbous tip and pooling on the hangar floor as she suckled.

Kaylen threw her head back, jaw open wide as she felt her lover tongue her hole and play at her piercing. Ori's skilled alien tongue knew every spot to tease and please, and as she began to take more of Kaylen's length inside her, Kaylen's entire body begin to quiver. Ori's mouth felt as sopping wet and tight as any human pussy, and even at Kaylen's size, her alien lover had no trouble accepting the fattened shaft deep inside, swallowing her full length in one slow sensual motion.

Groaning out loud, Kaylen was forced to give up the caress of her fingers along the satin smoothness of her lover's head, reaching down to her sides instead to grip the edge of the work bench and hold on. With her ass seated against the cold metal, and her fingers gripping its edge, she brought one foot up from the cool floor and found the length of Ori's drooling cock with it.

Ori purred as she felt she soft inner blade of her lover's foot begin to ease up and down the length of her own rock-hard prick. Having her dick touched in such a way only encouraged her to double her pleasure on Kaylen's cock, and so she swallowed it whole once more, holding Kaylen deep in her throat as she looked up at her and running her long green fingers over Kaylen's belly and breasts as she savored the flavor of her lover's dick in her throat.

The tender caress of Kaylen's foot combined with the flavor of sweet precum pooling in Ori's belly sent a flow of warmth and pleasure all throughout her body. Down below, between her perfectly rounded bubble buns, Ori felt her puckered hole begin to purse and twitch. The sensation in her cock hungry asshole seemed to reach right up along the length of her spine. She ached to be fucked, and only Kaylen's incredible dick could please her.

Slowly, Ori slid her mouth up along the length of Kaylen's meat, taking the wet glistening shaft back in her hands as she withdrew her lips from the knob. She rolled the heavy meat across her face, painting her cheeks and chin with spit and pre-cum, all the while looking up at her lover with hungry desire.

"Is she hungry?" Kaylen asked her lover, once more reaching out and running her fingers between Ori's antenna, teasing them as she smiled down at her from above. "Is you're little fuck hole thirsty for my cock? Does she need her feeding?"

Ori nodded, whimpering as she looked up into her lovers eyes. The instinct to be fucked had fully taken hold, and though the power of speech had not fully left her, there were simply no words to convey to her human how desperately she needed to be filled. She looked as though it physically hurt to go on not having Kaylen's cock in her ass and guided the length of her human lover's spit dripping dick between her eyes, rubbing her face against the only object in the universe that could sate her desire.

Kaylen brought Ori to her feet, pulling her in close and kissing her deeply once more. The warmth and softness of Kaylen's belly pressed against Ori's cock as they kissed, and it was too much for her alien lover to handle. Just then a juicy spurt of Orion cum erupted between them. Kaylen's own beautiful cock was nestled alongside Ori's, and as the thick milk drooled across both their shafts, they devoured one another's mouths in a fit of intense passion.

Ori would no longer be denied, and broke away from Kaylen, whining with need as she leaned forward over the work bench and arched her back. She brought one knee up onto the bench and looked back over her shoulder, stirring her gorgeous green ass and ensuring Kaylen had an unobstructed view of her fleshy black fuck opening.

Kaylen moved in behind her lover, taking her hard cock in hand and pressing the swollen knob against the doughnut of chocolate pucker-meat. She bit her lower lip as she laid one hand on Ori's lower back and steered her cock with the other. As she positioned herself, Ori mewled like a wounded animal, and finally Kaylen pushed into her, watching with awe as her swollen tip disappeared and her lover's vice-like ass grabbed hold.

"Oh Baby! Fuuuucckkk!" Kaylen pushed her dick in deep, knowing Ori's hole was designed to take all that she had to give, and for a moment as their heavy balls pressed together between them Kaylen collapsed against her lover's back, shivering at the intense pleasure of being buried in her hot insides. "You're sooooooo tight."

Tender, slow, sensual strokes soon turned into a steady ball swinging fuck as Kaylen took charge of their love making, reaching around Ori and groping her big green tits as she rode her from behind. Each fat ebony nipple grew as large as a doorknob and seeped with the same delicious cream that Ori excreted from all her sexual centers. They were both in another world of pleasure as Ori craned her neck to look back at her lover, encouraging her. Kaylen leaned forward as well, once again finding Ori's mouth with hers as she continued to thrust, drinking her sweet cum flavored spit, and digging her fingers into her alien lover's hips as she fucked.

Below, the rhythmic thump thump of Ori's big black cock flopping heavily against the polished steel of the work bench only added to the symphony of their moans and the sputtering noises of Orion ass being invaded by fat human cock. Outside, it had begun to rain, and there was a crack of thunder that shook the garage as they made love. On this planet, storms could last for weeks on end, and the rain was toxic. Neither of them would be going anywhere any time soon, and Kaylen smiled as she imagined spending the entire time with her cock stuffed deep in her lover's perfect ass.

"I love you." Ori purred, twisting her upper half so she could look back at her lover as she took her pounding. Kaylen could see her own reflection in the mirrors of Ori's big black eyes, and she felt her body grow warm under her lover's stare.

"I love you back, you pretty green bitch!" Kaylen answered, sinking her dick into her lover as deep as she could and sliding her arms around her to coddle Ori's heavy breasts. They kissed again, and Kaylen moaned out loud as she felt her mouth instantly overflowing with Ori's spit, her tongue responding with a powerful oral orgasm that flooded both their mouths with sweet cream, overflowing and cascading down their chins, necks, and Ori's large green tits.

Kaylen was overcome with lust and gathered as much of her lover's mouth cum as she could with her own, finally breaking their kiss and once more beginning to pound Ori deeply. As she leaned back, looking down between them at her meat sliding in and out of Ori's hole, she parted her lips and allowed a river of Orion mouth-cum to flow down over her naked freckle dusted chest, across her belly, and between them, coating the root of her dick on each outward stroke and spattering against Ori's gorgeous cheeks.

Kaylen felt her own orgasm rising inside her, and held nothing back as she ran her hands all over her lover's soaking wet ass and lower back, groaning with urgency as she hammered her cock in and out of the spasming hole with such force that their balls beat together like punching bags.

The first glob of hot seed that spilled into Ori's ass was so thick and heavy that it threatened to push them apart, but Ori was quick to reach back, and grab hold of Kaylen's hips, digging in her fingers so they wouldn't be separated. They were held flush together as Kaylen grunted and groaned, eyes shut tight as her cock unloaded inside her lover's anal womb.

Ori's belly expanded slightly as her Orion womb gathered as much of Kaylen's steaming seed as it could. Their races were not capable of producing a child, but Ori's body would hold as much of her lover's sperm inside her as it could, allowing the nutrients to soak into her and nourish her. Where Orion cum had a narcotic effect on human physiology, to an Orion there was nothing in the universe that provided more sustenance than human futa cum. They were a sexual species, and Kaylen's cream was far and beyond Ori's favorite meal.

When Ori was full to her limit, the rest of Kaylen's cum began to pour out of her, bubbling and spurting out from between them as Kaylen's heavy load slowly began to subside. As it did, Kaylen reached out, running her hands over her lover's ass and lower back, painting her cum all over her body and groaning as the last of her orgasm began to ebb.

Finally, Kaylen felt her legs grow weak and her cock growing soft inside her lover's ass. She stepped back, whimpering as her dick fell free of Ori's puckered hole, and stared in fascination as Ori's ebony ring closed tight, refusing to allow even a drop of the sweet seed inside her go to waste. As worn out as she was, there was still one task that Kaylen had to fulfill.

Ori began to get up from the bench, to turn and hold her lover close after their intense love making, but a determined hand on her lower back held her in place, and as she felt Kaylen kneel behind her, her entire body went soft. She knew what was coming, and happily laid forward, pushing several of Kaylen's tools aside and relaxing her upper body for the pleasure she was about to receive.

Kaylen knelt behind her lover in a pool of warm cum that soaked her knees and toes, reaching out and taking hold of Ori's low hanging Orion cock. Even breathless as she was from her orgasm, there was no way she was going to leave her lover's beautiful dick untouched and unpleased. It was a thing of beauty that deserved to be worshipped, and she intended to pay homage.
