 I lay in bed for the 9th night in a row, not being able to sleep. I was so very lonely. It's hard to believe that on a world populated by millions of people, one person could feel as lonely as I do. Once again I closed my eyes, reaching out with my mind to anyone who could hear me. 

I had wished for someone, anyone to hear my cries. My mind crossing over mountains, clouds and continents before stopping and listening to someone else crying out in the night sky. Veril was standing on the side of a very large mountain, the cave he was in looked as if went back into the mountain a long way. He stood there looking out over the cliff, his mind reaching for someone, something. I stood there in my mind watching him, listening to his thoughts, thinking he didn't sense my presence at all I thought I could get closer. That was my first mistake. My second being getting close enough to be caught looking straight into his coal black eyes as he looked right at me. I wasn't sure how or if he saw me but it was enough to scare me right back to my body. 

I got up out of bed, my body covered in sweat, and I was shaking all over just thinking about that man. He was powerful in a physical sense as well as intimidating in stature. He must have stood 6'7 and had a thick mane of straight black hair that went all the way to his waist. His muscles bunching and flexing as he stood there on that cliff. My body reacted just thinking about how powerful he looked standing there. 

Who was he, I wondered? 

Once again another night had come and gone. Where would it end for him? . . . He had given up wondering centuries ago . . . It was just a day, like any other day, melding into so many damned years. "Damned" being the operative word. Veril had been stuck in a deep blue funk for the past one hundred years, ever since -. He viciously clamped down on the painful memories, but not quickly enough to prevent the tears from pooling in his eyes. He was one of the oldest of his kind, but all that meant was that he had lost more than most -too many friends, so many wives, and a string of lovers as long as the old testament, the list was never ending, and the idea of adding another name to that list was utterly abhorrent to think about doing.

He hadn't cared about his appearance in decades. He hardly ever left his mountain side cave. He rarely left to eat, but the occasional drunk did nothing for his appetite. He knew he had grown soft, weak and utterly smelly. But he didn't care, not until last night that is. Last night he felt her presence. He had no idea who she was or how she became to be standing beside him on his mountain, but here she had been, that is until he scared her away. But, he would find her again. Of that he had no doubt. For the first time in a very long time, he felt hungry. He felt the stirring of pleasure and he smiled. He would find her, but first he had to clean himself up. 

I tried to sleep but it just wasn't going to happen. As morning rolled around, I thought I might as well get up and do something. I got up, got dressed and went for a walk. I ended up at the coffee shop around the corner from my place. Of course the coffee shop would be open for insomniacs like me, more coffee, more caffeine, less sleep. It was a vicious cycle, but as I tasted my frothy drink I knew it was worth it. I looked up as the bell from the door dinged, someone walked in. I was sitting near the back, but the hairs on the back of my neck rose and a shiver went down my spine. I watched as the jean clad legs made their way to the back, where I was. When I had the presence of mind to finally look up, there he was. The man from the mountain.

He smiled and my mouth went dry. My eyes must have been very large as I stared at him. I must have stared at him for a few minutes and I blushed fire engine red and laughed nervously as he put out his hand and introduced himself. 

"My name is Veril, and I am very pleased to meet you, My Lady." His hand was still out and I put my small hand in his to shake, but to my surprise he took my hand brought it to his lips and kissed it. When Veril looked up at me and smiled I knew he had felt the shiver that had gone through my body at his touch.

When he straightened, meeting my eyes again, I barely articulated, "Mary, my name is Mary."

It took me a long moment to realize that he was standing there looking at me. Good God, did I not have any manners anymore? I shifted my position in the comfortable leather chair, then cleared my throat nervously. What was with me tonight? 

"Would you like to join me?" I waved at the empty chair across from me. 

"Yes, thank you. I very much would like to join you." He slid into the leather chair effortlessly, now sitting across from me he could see my hands shaking nervously, no doubt wondering how I had come to be on his mountaintop with him the night before. 

"Yes I am wondering how you came to be there." He said, after reading my mind.

The little gasp was all the sound I could make, my throat closed up, no other sounds came. "How did you..." was all I got out before he placed his hand over mine, stroking it with his own.

"I can hear your thoughts, just as you heard mine that night. But you are human and I am not." He told me.

"What do you mean you're not human?" I asked, not truly understanding. 

"Can we go somewhere else to talk more privately?" He asked me as his fingers stroked mine.

"Yes, we can go back to my place." I said as I stood up, his hand still in mine. 

When we got back to my place and as I went inside, he was still standing outside my door. I looked at him, he said, "You have to invite me in, but before you do I should tell you what you are inviting into your home." He sighed slightly then in a low voice said to me, "I am a Vampire."

"What do you mean, Vampire?" 

"Maybe this will make you understand." His face changed as he looked at me. 

"No, you can't possibly be a Vam...." I started to say as his face changed back too human.

"Now do you believe me?" He asked.

"I invite you into my home. You are welcome here." I simply said as I stepped back so he could enter. 

His quizzical look told me he didn't understand why I had just invited him into my home when I just found out what he was, why wasn't I screaming or scared? All I knew was that I wasn't. 

"I figured if you had wanted to hurt me, you've had plenty of chances, you didn't have to tell me what you were before I let you into my home, but you did and that says something for your character." I told him. 

He nodded as if he understood. In one swift motion he had me in his arms and was kissing me in a way I had never been kissed before. I was being kissed by a Vampire and I never wanted it to end. I must have known things would go this way when I asked him back to my place. 

"Yes, you know you did. I could hear your thoughts, your yearnings and they made me much too aroused to stop now." He said as he bent down to kiss me again. He picked me up and carried me to the bedroom, laying me down on my bed.

"Tell me to stop now if you have any doubts at all." He looked at me with his soulless eyes and I lost myself to his touch.

This is the place where I would make love to my vampire. A pale blue light flickered from outside, making his features seem all the more Eerie, his face alight with lust. He came to lie on top of me, I wrapped my legs around him and gave myself to him in a way I had never given myself to anyone before, nor would I ever again. I'd set him on fire. There was no place left on me left untouched by him. He couldn't stop if he'd had wanted to, which he didn't. I was going to be his for tonight and always. He nuzzled my neck, all the while I kept expecting to feel pain, but it never came. He would lick and nibble at my neck for what seemed like hours, I once felt a small stab of pain and tensed up, but he told me it was not more than a scratch. He lifted his head from my neck. His hands threading through my long dark hair as he looked into my eyes. 

"Are you all right?" He asked me. "I'm not scaring you am I?" His look of concern for me was overwhelming.

No, I'm not scared of you. I love you. I want to be with you for always. Don't stop what your doing, don't ever stop." I whispered to him.

He flipped me over effortlessly, driving his cock into me from behind. I cried out from the pain/pleasure of it, he was so large and hard that every thrust was shocking. His arms trembled on either side of my shoulders as he pushed me into the mattress, laying face down beneath him. I smiled and relaxed beneath him, totally understanding why he was shaking, he was about to make me his...totally. From the first time I had seen him on that mountain, I knew he was the one. His pupils were dilated, his fangs grew in length, his cock got even longer if that's possible. He caressed the side of my neck, I turned so he would have better access. His hands trailed down my shoulders and caressed my trembling body. He had tasted and licked every part of me, the heat of his mouth searing me, and now he would taste my essence. My very being, my life force. 

His thrusts got more and more savage, I heard him growling in my ear, his warm breath sending shivers to every part of me. His incisors lengthened even more, he was ready to take me, he ran his tongue over the razor sharp fangs, cutting his tongue in the process. That was it, he sank his fangs into my neck, feeding from me. Warm, salty blood filling his mouth, I screamed as an orgasm over took me. My body jerking wildly as the spasms unlike anything I had ever know over took my body.

Rising to meet his thrusts, all the while feeling the heat slipping slowly from my body as I changed from this life to the next. I knew the promise he made to me was real, and would last for all eternity. 

As I woke up the next night, things looked different to me. Brighter, fuller, better. I looked around and he was right there next to me.

"Good evening my love." He bent down and kissed me. 

"I could get used to waking up next to you forever." I laughed. Cause forever was what we had.

Veril smiled down at me, just as the pain hit me. I curled up into a ball and cried out. My insides feeling like they were tearing apart. Pain like no other I had ever felt tearing through me.

"Here." He said as he ripped his wrist open and shoved it toward my mouth. "Drink, baby you have to drink, it will make the pain go away, you're hungry." 

"Noooo." I pushed his hand away from me in disgust. Curling up tighter to try and make the pain in my lower body subside. 

"You will drink. I won't see you in pain!" Veril grabbed the back of my head, and mashed his bleeding wrist to my mouth, thick salty blood passed my lips. I tried to get away, I felt like I was being smothered. But all I could do was swallow the foul liquid as it filled my mouth. When he finally stopped and pulled his wrist away from me, I was enraged. I was in a bit of a temper. No, make that a full-fledged temper tantrum. I felt the anger build up inside of me, felt my incisors lengthen and grow. I felt more powerful than I ever had. My eyes filled with angry tears as I walked to where Veril was standing, licking his wound shut. 

"Don't you ever do that again! I refuse to feed from you or anyone else, get me blood from the blood banks, but I will never do that again. Do I make myself clear?" I stood there thinking he would say he was sorry, instead he grabbed me around my shoulders and shook me. 

"What do you know of being a Vampire? You think it is all a romantic fairy tale, that you wouldn't ever have to drink real blood? Blood bank blood? Are you serious? Do you think I would let my mate drink from anyone but myself? You will do as I say, Mary. For I will not allow anything else!" 

I shook myself free from his grasp, "What the hell do you mean you won't allow anything else?" I was in a temper and I knew I should back off but who did this bull of a man think he was anyway...my father?

"I have been a Vampire for a very long time, I know what's best and for now until you learn the ways of our people, you will do as I say. For your own good. Are we clear?" He was coming closer to me, I could see his fangs and knew he wanted me again, but I wasn't giving in that easily.

I backed up, ready to run but he stopped me before I could even make it to the door. "Where do you think you are going to go?" He said through clenched teeth.

"Away from you, I'll not be dominated this way, by you or anyone!" I yelled at him, my breasts heaving with every breath.

"You think this is being domineering? My dear, you haven't seen anything yet, I'll not have a spoiled brat for a mate, It's time you learn a few things." He said as he grabbed me and threw me face down on the bed. He went and sat on the small sofa. 

"Mary, come over here and stand in front of me." I looked toward the door and was ready to make a run for it. "You're already in enough trouble, my sweet, without adding 'running-away-from-me' to the list. Come here!" he said a bit more forcefully.

I slowly got up from the bed and went to put the sheet around me, "Don't cover yourself from me." I threw the sheet back on the bed and walked across the room and stood in front of him, crossing my hands over my chest mutinously.

"My dear, you are my mate, you are also a Vampire now. You need to act accordingly. That means respect me at all times, I am doing only what is in your best interest. You have to learn some respect for your mate. You yelled at me when I tried to show you what you needed to do. You were going to run away from me when things didn't go your way and that is nothing short of disrespectful, and I'm not going to let you get away with it...now or in the future. You need to learn that you will be punished if you do not do as you are told. You need a good spanking, and you are going to get a good spanking. Right here, and right now." 

"Veril... No!! I'm sorry!" I said immediately. Thinking that he wasn't serious, he wouldn't really spank me. Would he?

Veril grinned at me. "Gee, it's amazing what just the threat of a spanking will do. Wonder how much more sincere you will be when your pretty little ass is all red?" Veril asked rhetorically as he suddenly rose and grabbed my arm as I prepared to flee. "You aren't going anywhere, Mary, until I say so."

"No! Oh, no!! Veril, I'm not a child... You can't do this!" I pleaded and argued, but within seconds my strong Vampire had me over his lap, his hand resting on my bare ass cheeks. "Noooooooo!" I wailed when his hand landed a sharp smack to my left cheek.

Veril methodically spanked, making sure each and every swat left a stinging hand print on my wiggling bottom. He ignored my cries of pain, cussing, and finally my pleas that I wouldn't be disrespectful ever again. Only when I was sobbing, and lying quietly over his lap, did he decide I'd had enough. He turned me over, and held me, and let me cry. He said there wasn't going to be another episode like this one, he hoped having had to spank me this time would be enough. He rubbed my shoulders as he talked quietly to me, soothing me with his words. Veril kissed my neck, licking my earlobe. 

"You smell so sweet." He whispered to me. 

My heart was racing, my pussy was wet from the spanking I just got. I couldn't believe how aroused I got from him spanking me. I knew he smelled my arousal with his Vampire senses, for I could smell it myself. Veril picked me up in his arms and laid me face down on the bed. 

"Let me make your ass feel better." He said as he began to kiss my rosy ass cheeks. 

His hands were everywhere at once, kneading my globes in his hands, licking and sometimes nipping at my ass. He was breathing hard as he positioned himself behind me, rubbing his throbbing cock head all over my ass cheeks. His fingers gathering the juices from my oh so wet pussy and smearing it on my tiny rose bud. He slipped his cock over my ass, over and over again gently moving his cock head over my ass. The feelings he was arousing in me were driving me totally nuts. After a few minutes of this, his fingers found their way into my tight little ass. I was writhing on the bed trying to get more.

"Please now, fuck my ass Veril." I begged.

He didn't need any more encouragement. I felt the engorged tip of his cock sliding into my ass. It was a bit painful at first. He stopped so I could get used to the feeling of his cock in my ass then he would move in a little further. Soon my ass was filled with his hard cock. His fat cock plunged in and out of me so fast and hard that my tits slapped back and forth with each thrust. Veril grunted loudly as his cock began to pump his load into me. When I felt his heat filling me so deeply inside, it triggered another climax for me. 

As the sun came up over the mountains, we lay in each others arms and quietly fell asleep for the day.