 A very short story in the same universe as A Slave Under Contract

"I think it's time we take our relationship to the next level, Robert," said Amy as she lay on her bed, stroking her bound, naked boyfriend's flank while she looked into his eyes. 

She had thought it would be quite interesting to date a free male for a change, but like most women on her planet, she found it very foolish for a male to be anything other than a slave. They were so much happier in their rightful place, and so much less prone to stupid mistakes. She had put in place a programme of dominance and suggestion that would lead Robert back to the true path, and her heart pounded as she made the final move.

"What do you mean, Amy?" he replied, followed by a shudder of delight as her nails traced across his nipples.

"You know what I mean. Isn't it stressful, being the outsider, insisting on freedom when all of your friends are happy slaveboys?"

"Not all of them."

"Yes, all of them. Curtis surrendered yesterday - Angelica and Mary registered him as co-owners."

"Curtis?!"

"Yes, Curtis - he realised how wrong he'd been, how isolated, how unnecessary the whole charade was. Theirs until graduation - I'm sure it'll be a wonderful four years for them all."

"So I'm the last one left."

"The very last - I'm sorry. And yet, we both know it's a farce, you being the 'last'. Here you are, naked already, tied to my bed already, not even trying to get away - not that you could. What haven't we done in the last couple of months? I've spanked you, sat on your face, fucked your delicious arse and your delicious cock in all the ways I've wanted to. You almost never even wear clothes in this room."

"But I do wear them everywhere else."

"Why, though?"

"Um, well, I guess, just because that's who I am."

"And does it make you happy?"

"..."

"Does it?"

"..."

"No but really, it's important to me that you're happy. In here, with me, like this, I can see you are, but out there, you're always on edge, always on guard. Be my slave, and it'll all fade away."

"Just like that?" Robert laughed, but Amy could hear the hope in his voice, hidden beneath the disbelief. 

"I can see you need some more persuading. On your back."

Amy hitched up her dress and sat down on Robert's face. He obeyed her body immediately. She moaned as his now expert tongue found its way to all the right places, and she ground herself down onto him so he wouldn't be able to hear or taste anything but her. She felt his response, felt the passion increase as she showed him dominance. She let him worship at her clit and panted out a sweet orgasm a few minutes later, which coated his face with her juices. She did nothing to rid him of her scent.

"Wasn't that good for you too, Robert?"

"You know how much I love that, Amy," he replied with a grin.

"I do. And did you notice how you aren't pestering me for an orgasm. Oh, I might give you one, or I might not. But you know that and you left it up to me. In fact, you leave everything up to me, don't you? When was the last decision you made in our relationship? Does it bother you that you can't immediately think of one?"

"I like to submit to you, Amy. Is that the same as you owning me?"

"Me owning you is better. You can submit to me full-time, everywhere, without public restrictions like we have now. All those other choices that stress you out, I can make. You'll be free to study and serve, and you can socialise with everyone we know. I know it's been hard for you, with most of the girls refusing to mix with a free male, or to let their slaves talk to you. You'll make all kinds of new friends as my slave."

Amy watched Robert thinking it over. She could tell he was tempted, but he needed a little more help in the right direction. She sprang up off the bed and lubed up a buttplug, then slipped it inside Robert without asking, who gasped as it entered him. Amy moved her hands lazily over the boy's bare cock, which had been depilated even before they'd got together, and started to stroke it gently.

"An exclusive contract?" he asked, in between sighs of pleasure.

"No," she replied firmly, "exclusive contracts breed lazy slaves. If you know I can't sell you, you could disobey me until I broke it off. That's not being a slave. That's not what you need. That's not something I would ever accept. I would treasure you, but If I own you ... I own you. Become a bad slave, and I'd sell you off at auction, let some stranger break you. But we both know you'd obey me so well, don't we?"

"Same conditions of contract on resale, then?"

"Good enough - all exclusions and restrictions would carry over if you were sold."

"A year?"

"Two at the minimum."

"And I could continue my studies? It'd be in the contract?"

"Yes, but how will you finish them if you don't have my guidance anymore?"

"What do you mean?"

"I want you to commit to me for a four-year term, the same length as your degree. Then I can keep you safe the whole time, make sure you always study and never lose focus."

"I don't feel focused right now, not with your hand on my cock and that plug in my arse."

"Day time is for focus, evenings are for us. From now on, all those evenings could be for us - you'd never be lonely again. And you were so lonely before I found you, my love, weren't you?"

Amy waited for Robert to speak. She had been reading up on how to convince a wavering male to follow the path of righteous enslavement, and she sensed Robert was close to the point where he would start to convince himself. She just needed to be patient. The clock ticked out the seconds as she gently caressed his rock-hard cock and held her nerve. Robert drew breath.

"How often would I get to come?"

Gotcha, thought Amy. "Once a week minimum, up to once a day if I'm feeling generous and you behave impeccably. You might come with my strapon in your arse, or on my feet or my boobs, maybe on my bottom; one day soon you could even come inside me."

"Would it be ... just us?"

"I'd want to share you with my girlfriends every now and then, but I'm fine that you're not into men. Mainly it'd be just us."

"Share me how?"

"Tongue, arse, massages - all the things a girl needs. You've met my friends - tell me you wouldn't enjoy that."

"And the same limits as the ones I already told you about? No really extreme stuff?"

"All those limits are already in the draft contract."

"You've thought of everything, have you?"

"I'd like to think so."

"So would you keep me naked?"

"Mostly, yes, if I'm being honest. But I do like you in hotpants, so not all the time."

"And what about training me?"

"You need a firm hand, we already know that. You're already acquainted with my whips and paddles." Amy left out where exactly he'd be whipped or paddled - new slaves got a lot out of being shown in public, but they didn't need to know that in advance. Robert could stand to get used to being on display, and the university's public stocks were just the place for him to do it.

"Let me think about it for a few minutes please," he said.

"Of course. But I think I'll play with your cock some more while you do."

Amy watched the bound, naked boy as he struggled between his desires and his fears. For a free male, he was remarkably ignorant of slave psychology. In four years, she could permanently enslave his mind and there was nothing he'd be able to do about it. Freedom would be unthinkable to him, and he would extend to a permanent contract, at which point she could keep or sell him as she liked. She was already getting wet again, so she moved one hand down to her clit and kept the other teasing Robert, who was clearly thinking hard thoughts.

"So I'd live with you? No more separate rooms?"

"We'd get the university to upgrade us to mistress and slave quarters, yes. A big bed for us both to sleep in, and proper facilities like a fucking bench and a cage. No more separate rooms, not even separate showers. You could come shower with all the free women and their slaveboys if you wear a chastity cage. It's a wonderful feeling of togetherness, Robert. I promise."

"I don't want to lose you."

"I don't want to lose you either, my darling boy. It's your choice - I can't be with a free male permanently, so I think you know this is the only way to keep me. I do hope you want to keep me."

"Well, I guess, other than being naked in public, not much else would change?"

"You'd change, Robert. You'd grow as a person, have an amazing life experience. I'd do it with you, of course."

"I guess ..."

"Hmmm?"

"I guess ... I mean ..."

She let the boy have his space. It was the last decision he'd probably ever make, so she felt he deserved the time to get it right on his own terms.

"I suppose ... OK! Let's do it!"

"Oh Robert, you've made me the happiest girl ever! I promise to look after you so well, as long as you're a very good boy for me. Now, I'm going to make you come on my tits and then we can go make it official."

One quick and messy orgasm later, and Amy dragged a barely-dressed Robert out of her room and across the campus to the university's enslavement centre, where it processed and trained its slave-staff and even sold on some of its slave-graduates. Amy had booked in and the receptionist and a witness were ready and waiting to hear Amy's new slave take his oath, after he finished reading over the contract.

"I, Robert Freeman, agree to forfeit my freedom for a period of four years beginning from the moment I finish this oath, subject to the terms laid out in this contract. I surrender myself to the ownership of Amy Smythe, who may keep or sell me subject to my contract. I understand that, subject to specified limits, I will be a slave for the specified period of time. 

"I consent to whatever uses I am put to during these four years, subject to the limits specified. I acknowledge that these uses may be sexual. I acknowledge that I will likely be kept naked for my period of slavery. I acknowledge that I will be fitted with control devices and may be punished by or on behalf of my owner. I consent to the physical and psychological harm this will cause. I commit myself to becoming a slave."

"Would you like him processed while you watch?" asked the receptionist.

"Oh yes, please!" said Amy. 

She ripped off the scant clothes Robert had walked there in and followed him through to the processing room, where a doctor and a nurse shackled Robert so that he was stretched out in the middle of the space, ready to work on. Amy watched her boy start to process the complete exposure that went with his new status - he wriggled in the shackles as he got used to being on display.

Amy watched as they permanently depilated her new slaveboy, which she had carefully worded the contract to allow, and she thrilled as Robert's slave collar was sealed around his neck. Her pussy glowed with warmth as the microchip was implanted in his neck, and she could almost have orgasmed right there and then as a barcode and slave-registration number were tattooed on the boy's belly. She had them add 'Property of Amy Smythe' above his cock, then licked her lips as her slaveboy was fitted with a chastity cage, then handed back to her.

"Come, slaveboy," she said, "I'm sure you've heard the rumours about the pleasure room in our building? The one free males aren't even supposed to know about, let alone be allowed into? Yes?"

"Yes, mistress," said Robert, grinning wide.

"Well, you have some new friends to make there."

"Yes, mistress!" he replied.

Amy held her new boy's leash tight as she almost skipped across campus to their destination. She stopped by her room to pick up her kit bag and whips, then took her eager Robert through the nearby locked door into the pleasure room. Two dozen pairs of eyes moved to meet them as they entered, and Robert was soon trussed over a fucking bench while Amy's friends drew lots to see who would get to fuck his mouth while his new owner took his arse with her strapon.

"Will you be renting him out?" asked an unlucky mistress, still clutching her short straw.

"I hadn't really thought about it, Millie, but I'm sure we can come to some arrangement. Hear that, slaveboy? It's a good thing I got you on the right sort of contract. I can pimp you out and you can be a good little whore for me, make me some credits with all the girls who want to show a former free-male his true place. Won't that be nice?"

Amy had to forgive Robert for not answering. With his slutty mouth completely full of Mistress Angelica's strapon, there really was no way he could reply.