 Fear strangled me, even before the vampire's magic paralyzed me. As I tried to rise from my bed, I felt the cold numbness wash over me. I heard his leathery wings flap as he floated across the room to stand over me. I waited for his poisoned claws to slash into me; for his jagged teeth to tear at my throat. I sobbed silently within myself as I awaited the end.

He just stood there. His black eyes gazed down at me. There was no emotion in them. No compassion. Just hunger. I felt winter breeze blow through the tiny cavern hide out my friends and I had come to call home. I had heard the screams and knew they had all fallen victim to this monster already. I wanted to scream, to fight, and to avenge them, but I knew it was the end even for me.

I simply stared. And he stared back. After a moment of apparent contemplation, he was enveloped in a black cloud. His wings, claws, and teeth retracted and his skin warmed. The thing standing before me looked like a man. Dressed in full armor, his glowing eyes were the only indication left that he was something from another world. He backed away a step and paced once or twice, still gazing at me.

He was handsome. I will not deny that much. Even being a bandit, I am a woman and I recognize a well-designed male specimen when I see one. This one had broad shoulders to be admired even under all his armor. Same with his strong legs. His face was pretty obscured by his helmet, save those terrifying eyes. It was not until he removed it that I got a good look look at him. He was jawdroppingly gorgeous. Some wild and insane part of my mind wondered if the rest of him was just as enticing. Against my will, and much to his surprise by the look on his face, I felt a rush of heat to my womanhood. I then felt it split and while I felt as though I were slowly smoldering, my cheeks flushed as well from embarrassment.

I saw his smirk as he approached me again. He slid a hand down my cheek and I knew he knew. I was even more convinced when his hand continued its path down to the clasp of my breast plate and unhitched it. He did the same with the other side and soon I felt the winter breeze upon my breast linen as the iron armor was pulled away. I felt his gaze upon my hardening nipples as he let his hand roam over my belt buckle, loosening the bottom of my armor. I could tell where this was all going and even as the paralysis wore off, I lay still, hoping he would not stop.

I closed my eyes and relished the feeling of his strong, battle-worn hands along my skin. I was no innocent by any means, but I had been told the passion of a vampire was unlike any other. Some said it was because they absorbed the souls of those whose blood they drank. Those that said this believed the vampire not only absorbed that person's knowledge and memories, but their emotions as well, causing them to be excellent, sometimes violent, lovers. My skin tingled with anticipation for what this monster may have in store for me.

I watched as well as I could as he maticulously removed his armor, piece by piece, laying it on my table. It was a grueling process that seemed to take an eternity and even as one piece was removed, I silently begged for him to take off another until he stood before me in nothing more than his leather leggings.

I couldn't help but to glance over his form, my eyes lingering a little longer than they should have on his crotch where a prominent bulge had formed and was straining against the form-fitting trousers. His glowing eyes turned back on me and he smirked. I knew he'd caught me. I also knew he'd figured out I probably wasn't under his power any longer. There was a silent moment of contemplation before I sat up a bit stiffly. He kept a wary eye on me but I rolled my own and scooted back against the pillow.

"If I was going to run, I would have by now," I assured him, breaking the silence as I pulled my bare legs up against my torso, laying my chin on my knees. I chewed my bottom lip for a moment before scooting over just a bit to give him room to sit. Without a word, he joined me, still staring darkly, an all too familiar hunger in his eyes that flew beyond his bloodlust.

"Why didn't you drain me like you did my friends?" The question was painful but still nagged at me, pulling at the base of my skull and tickling my curiosity. He said not a word and simply leaned closer to me, I resisted the urge to shrink back, instead leaning forward to look him in the eyes. There was moment of uncertain shock on his face, before he grabbed my ponytail tightly and forced his lips onto my own. I wasn't sure why, but I melted into the kiss, meeting his every move, our lips sensuous waves of desire, his tongue darting out every so often to meet my own.

I felt the chill of his flesh as his hand gripped my breast and massaged it roughly. My back arched, pressing my body closer to his. He quickly slipped out of his leggings and made swift work of my tunic as well. A thrill raced through me as our skin met in a blast of heat and ice, my heart beating loud and hard enough for both of us. His manhood pressed against my thighs even as they parted slowly, welcoming him to my burning core.

I heard his desire in the growl that rumbled through his chest, but he paused and pulled away, much to my dismay. Looking into my eyes the whole time, he leaned down and planted a kiss between my breasts, then on each nipple. His tongue flicked out and snapped at each one and each time, I jolted, a shock of pleasure shooting through my whole body. That magical tongue worked its way down my torso, pausing at my navel and swirling around it slowly. I moaned softly and my eyes fluttered shut as I felt myself melting. My breath quickened and I felt my heart thundering. He looked up at me and our eyes met as he slid his hands up my thighs, slowly spreading them and inhaling my scent. I saw the lust in his eyes flare up to an almost uncontrolled level.

The rush of heat that fled to my core must have excited him even more ecause he was instantly between my folds, lapping at my womanhood as if the nectar of life flowed from them. I squirmed and squealed with delight as his tongue ravished my most intimate parts. His lips found my clit and suckled it eagerly, enticing a load shriek from me as I arched my back and gripped the furs on my bed. My climax was so close, but just as I began to feel it at the edges of my concious thought, he would back off and let me come down before viciously attacking me again.

I heard myself whimper with dismay as he pulled away completely. I heard the bed creak as he climbed up and hovered over me. I felt the bulge of his cock pressing against my swollen cunt. I reached up and dug my nails into his shoulders, begging him without words to take me and ravaged me. I felt my hips rocking against him as I opened myself more to welcome him into me.

With a quiet grunt, he shoved in all the way. There was no teasing now; just animalistic need and fulfillment. Before I could register fully the pleasure of him being completely engulfed within me, he was pumping in and out. Faster and faster he drove, my sex milking his thick cock. I heard the slap, slap, slap as he took me without mercy. There was no longer any hesitation in his face. Just desire and proud ownership as he continued drilling into me.I fought the orgasm already creeping into me. I wanted to make this last as long as possible.

I didn't realize how hard he was also fighting until he leaned in to nuzzle my neck. I buried my face in his shoulder and clawed at his back, dragging a roar from him as he bit into the soft flesh of my throat. I screamed as I could no longer fight the ecstasy that overtook me. I felt the blood rush through me and into him, fueling him. I knew in that moment that this would be the last time I lay with a man, but somehow, the thought thrilled me, rather than scared me, and I rocked my hips against him, harder and harder, demanding more.

He began to slow, also trying to drag it out, but I was not willing to come down from my euphoria. I gripped his shoulders tightly and, catching him off guard, I rolled us over so I was on top of him. His latch on my neck was broken and he tore away, falling back into my pillows. I saw my blood, glistening crimson on his lips as he licked them clean, and cascading down my shoulder, over my collar bone, and dripping down my breast and off my nipple. He sat up enough to lap up the trail as I began rocking my hips again, driving him deeper and deeper into me.

I kept a hold on his shoulders as I began to lift myself up slowly, dragging my core against his throbbing cock. He hissed with pleasure and barely concealed annoyance at my teasing. Without warning, I dropped back down on him, swallowing him up suddenly. He growled loudly. I repeated the process, until I felt him swell slowly within me. I lifted myself one more time, only this time, as I dropped down, I felt him jolt up to meet me. He grabbed my hips and began thrusting from beneath me, his cock stabbing me over and over. I flexed my fingers, my nails leaving deep imprints in his skin.

I screamed as yet another climax slammed into me in powerful waves. At the same time, I heard and felt his own finish as thick jets of hot juice were shot into me. I tightened around him, throwing my head back and absorbing every delicious bit of him. I could barely hold myself up as I tried to focus enough to look into his eyes. He brushed a stray lock of hair out of my face before I lay my head on his shoulder. I felt his mouth at my throat again and eagerly welcomed the darkness he offered. I knew there was nothing left for me after being the lover to a vampire.