 I woke to the feeling of warm, thick liquid dripping onto my tongue. I lapped out, tasting something both coppery and sweet at the same time. A realization flitted through my mind, but didn't come to full comprehension. I groaned and tried to open my eyes. The fuzzy glow of a burning torch flared to my right, and I felt the familiar prickle of a straw-stuffed mattress, though the straw smelled sweet and fresh, unlike my own bed. The furs covering me were soft and well treated; not matted with dirt and gods only knew what else. It was beginning to register that I was no longer in my own home, but in fact, a noble's home. I woke fully with a start, sitting upright quickly, and suddenly feeling dizzy.

"You must take it easy," a silky, masculine voice reprimanded me. "You've lost blood and must regain your strength."

"Where am I?" I questioned, my voice rough and hoarse. I winced at my own weakness. My throat was dry and my head pounded mercilessly.

"I have brought you to my home. That is all you must know for now. Here, drink." 

A water-skin was pressed to my cracked lips, and I realized the taste I'd woken to was the flavor of blood from my parched lips. I drank with vigor until it was pulled from me with yet another warning to take things slow so I did not make my illness worse. What illness? If I'd lost a lot of blood, wasn't it an injury? Maybe it was a joined injury and infection. Panic seized me momentarily as a thought occurred to me. Infections almost never ended with survivors. When they did, those survivors suffered dire consequences. For a moment, death seemed an escape and a welcome one. i felt a cold darkness creeping to the back of my skull and felt as though my throat was closing. Unconsciousness overcame me and I collapse into my pillows.

When I woke again, there was daylight streaming in from a nearby window and I heard birds chirping even as a cool breeze fluttered over my skin. I blinked a few times and was grateful to notice my throat and lips were no longer dry and cracked. The healing made me suddenly aware that more time must have passed. I threw the blanket aside and turned, my feet hitting a cool, wood floor. I saw a fur-lined robe hanging from a peg on the wall and snatched it, throwing it on as I ran out the nearest door.

I found myself on a deck, staring out at a beautiful, crystal-clear lake. A horse whinnied nearby and chickens cackled below me. I saw a young girl tossing out bread scraps and as the birds gobbled it up, I was stunned at how hungry I was. Strange, as all my experiences had proven that appetite was the first thing to go when an infection had drained a person.

Suddenly, as if hit by a bolt from a sorcerer's palm, a thought struck me. More of a memory, as the events of that night in the bandits cave came spiraling back into my mind. I looked around frantically, wondering where I really was and how I'd come to be here. My breath came in short, panicked gasps and I sank to my knees as dizziness overtook me again. My fingers flew to my throat and I felt two tiny bumps, almost unnoticeable, but there no doubt. The evidence pf a vampire's bite. Then, how was I alive? I thought I'd been drained. When I'd woken alive, I'd chocked it all up to delirium from the infection. Now, I was terrified as I realized I'd been bitten and survived. This meant only one thing.

I scanned the perimeter of my vision like a caged animal and with the second sweep of my gaze, I saw him standing in the frame of the door I'd exited. I scrabbled against the railing of the deck, ready to jump rather than be bitten again. He took a step towards me, his glowing eyes bearing down with intense heat and longing.

"You did not shy this way when we first met, though your death seemed imminent." That voice. It was the same I'd heard while recovering.

"What sort of torture is this?" I demanded, my voice that of a madwoman.

"Why the sudden change of heart now that I've spared you?" He asked the question as if I hadn't even spoken. My apparent terror did not seem to faze him either. I clung desperately to the railing, splinters digging into my flesh, pin-pricking a few sensitive areas and drawing blood.

I saw the recognition on his face but he simply took me by the arm and hoisted me to my feet. My attempts to break free were in vain and eventually, annoyed I assume, he simply lifted me into his arms and carried me inside. I fought, kicking and screaming, but nothing seemed to help. He was impossibly strong and easily hauled me into the bed, tossing me down amidst the furs and sweet straw.

"You are not strong enough to be up and about," he scolded. He sat down beside me and took my hands in his, looking down at my palms which were speckled with blood from the splinters. He leaned in and licked it up. The gesture was so precious, so adoring, a little sliver of me began to wonder if a monster could yet be turned to man. I did not retract my hands, instead waiting for him to release them, which he did after a moment of contemplation.

"What is this," I asked. Instead of answering, he simply rose and walked out.

After a few more days of rest, I was well enough to rise and explore. I'd been clothed in a more modest dress and gifted plenty of furs and a fine pair of boots to keep myself warm. It was much appreciated as the manor was cool, being right on the lake, despite the fact Winter had passed.

The young girl who'd been feeding chickens had introduced herself as the daughter of the master. A vampire with children? Strange. I did not question further. She was a bright eyed young one and lively in conversation. Many times, I saw the vampire glare at her when their eyes met, but the moment she looked away, shamed, he gazed at her affectionately.

I began to feel my way into their every day lives. I took on my own list of chores, relieving the master, his daughter, and his house-carl of tedious things such as cooking and cleaning. The only things I did not do were tend the animals and his armory.

Weeks passed in this fashion, and even as my strength fully returned, I found myself making excuses to stay on.

As I lay sprawled out on my bed one night, reading by the last shred of light through my window, and a very weak, dying candle, I heard his footsteps climbing the stairs to my loft bedroom. My heart quickened, despite my efforts to control it. I glanced up, trying to look as calm and unaffected as I could. I saw the glitter of amusement in his eyes as his head appeared behind the railing and my heart skipped a beat.

He was just as gorgeous as the first day we met all that time ago in my hole in the mountain. I lay my book down and swallowed, trying to calm down.

"Does the Master require anything?" I asked as calmly as I could muster.

"Just some company on this cool, lonely night." His response sent a thrill of heat shooting through me. He had not made any advances since bringing me here, and yet, I still, somehow, secretly wished he would. I wanted to experience the heaven that had introduced us, and relive that beautiful dance of passion.

"Are you happy here?" His voice shook me and I felt myself blush as my thoughts recoiled back to their dark depths of fantasy.

"Of course, Master. Why wouldn't I be?"

"How long do you plan to stay?" As always, as if I hadn't spoken more than what he expected, he threw the next question at me.

"Am I no longer welcome?" My heart felt suddenly near breaking, but I swallowed again and waited.

"You are always welcome here. You've been a great asset, and a joy to have. I was hoping to..." He trailed off. I had never seen this man nervous. I'd watch him battle dragons and drive giants off his land. Never had he even flinched, and sometimes, you could hear his laughter ringing off the mountains as he felled a foe. Now, he jammed his hand through his long hair, sighing heavily. "I want you to stay. I do not want you to move on. However," he rushed out, "if you have family, friends, obligations, I will not keep you here against your will. I leave the decision up to you."

He rose to leave, and as the shock of his declaration wore off, I reached out and snatched his wrist, halting him. "I have nowhere else to go. This is the closest to a home I've ever had. If you will have me, I will stay."

His silence stretched out so long, I feared I'd crossed a line, despite his invitation. He turned to me and I gasped as I saw the same hunger there that I'd been exposed to the night he'd first taken me. I retracted as he advanced, crawling onto the bed and backing me into a corner. The candle sputtered under the sheer tension as his predator's smile crept into his eyes and across his delicious mouth. I gulped as an image of this lips pressed against me flashed through my mind and I heated all over.

"I'd hoped that would be your answer." His words were dark and husky as he brushed a strand of hair from my face. Then his lips were on mine, hard and violent. I pushed back, already feeling them swell from the pressure. His hands reached behind me and deftly untied my blouse, pulling it away from my full breasts. My thin breast wrap suddenly felt like a heavy weight on my chest and before he had a chance, I had it off and was naked from the waist up. The glow of the candle flickered over my skin, and I beamed at him, the flush of our kiss hot on my cheeks.

He smiled approvingly and stood from his place on the bed. For a moment, my stomach fell as I thought he would leave, but then, he began undressing and I followed suit, slipping my dress to the floor, along with the last of my undergarments. Before I had a chance to fully admire his figure in the low light, he was looming over me, kissing me, his hand caressing my breast, occasionally flicking over the nipple. The hot little point budded eagerly at his touch and, feeling this, his lips left mine and leaned in to suckle eagerly. I moaned loudly and tangled my hands in his hair.

His mouth moved over my flesh, expertly teasing it. His fingers found the warmth of my core and stroked it gently, coaxing it to a full and blazing flame of need and desire. I groaned, my nails finding the flesh of his broad shoulders and digging in mercilessly. My legs were spread wide to receive him and I heard his growl of need as he lifted his mouth to mine again. Without warning or hesitation, he was prodding me with his thick member, opening me wide as he fed inch after delicious inch into my dripping womanhood.

Just when I thought he would split me in two, and that I would love every second of it, he hesitated. I opened my eyes, just realizing I'd closed them, and looked at the burning need in his own. I saw something else there too. I saw tenderness and care; maybe even... love? I gasped at the realization of this last one.

"I need you," he whispered huskily. "I'll always need you. I don't want you to leave me. I will take care of you, and you shall want for nothing. Just give me the simple joy of always having your company."

I inhaled deeply, the scent of our joining enthralling me, even as I tried to think clearly to give him an honest answer. He pressed a finger to my lips and started rocking his hips. I moaned loudly and rocked along with him.

"Don't answer me now. Just know that the offer is there."

With that, he let go and began pounding into me, hard and fast, with a need never before equaled. I felt a twinge of pride as I knew that I was the only one now to fill that need. I was even more determined to do so now that I understand the depth of the responsibility. I shoved against him, pulling him deeper and deeper into me, begging for more.

Without warning, he pulled out. As I whimpered, he tapped my thigh, signalling for me to roll over. I was just getting adjusted when he grabbed hold of my thighs and lifted me into position, lining up with my core. Before I could say anything, he was inside me again, sliding in and out with ease. He leaned over and nibbled on my shoulder. Despite my previous reaction to being bitten, I shivered with excitement.

His constant barrage built me quickly until I was teetering right on the edge, begging for release. Just then, he withdrew again. I whimpered loudly in protest, but he simply flipped me over again. He stared deeply into my eyes and the breath left me so quickly I gasped to regain it. At that very moment, he was inside me again, slowly torturing me with a slow, rhythmic pumping. I groaned with the agony of holding back my orgasm.

He began growling, low and deep. I felt his rhythm increase as he began climbing to his own peak. I bit my lip, fighting back my excitement as I wanted to finish with him. He grabbed hold of my hips and my nails dug into his shoulders. He quickened his pace, pounding harder and faster until he let out a shout, releasing hot stream into me even as I screamed in the throes of my own orgasm, milking his cock as he drug it in and out of me.

As he lay beside me, a few minutes later, I turned my head and smiled at him as he brushed stray locks of hair out of my sweat soaked face. Planting a kiss on his nose, I whispered, "I'm staying."