 [pre-story]Disclaimer: All character are 18 or older

Content Warnings: Chubby, BBW, unrealistic anatomy, huge breasts, big cock[/pre-story]

*****

Beach Body, Part One

There was something strange up ahead, a dark, formless lump lying on the sand. Joseph's pace slowed as he drew closer, until he dropped out of his jogging stride entirely, peering curiously at the shape as he walked slowly closer. Mist hung in the cool morning air, especially here, right on the shores of the loch, making it hard to figure out exactly what he was looking at. He tugged the earbuds out of his ears as he drew closer, too focused on the mystery thing to enjoy Queen properly. His mind generated possibilities, only to reject them almost as quickly as they formed, it definitely wasn't a dead body, or a piece of driftwood, or an old tire... 

As he approached it, his confusion only grew. "What the..." He muttered. It was a dark brown, and long, nearly as long as he was tall, and flat, like a deflated miniature blimp, but with little flaps attached at one end. He bent his knees, crouching down to get a closer look. It had a long slit running all the way down it, lying open on the sand. It looked almost like wetsuit material on the inside but the outside seemed... fuzzy? Curiosity got the best of him. He reached out, curiously touching the thing. Wet leather?

"Oh no!" Came a female voice from behind him, and Joseph startled, fingers closing on the edge of the mystery thing as he spun around to see who was talking. His eyes widened at what awaited them. He noticed three things about her immediately, that she was completely naked, that she was soaking wet, and that she was... large. Her glistening skin was a deep, soft, even tan, and she had shortish, jet-black hair, swept back and dripping onto her back. Her face was round, with almond-shaped eyes, a button nose and large, plump lips, pressed into an 'o' shape as she spoke. She made no attempt at modesty, though in fairness it likely would have been futile, her breasts were the size of her head, heavy and gently swaying on her chest, capped with dark brown nipples as broad as her palms. Her waist narrowed only slightly, plush, pillowy flesh all around, thick and soft, but smooth and evenly spread, no rolls or cellulite or anything. Then there were her hips, wide and round, tapering slightly into creamy-soft thighs. He couldn't help his eyes wandering between them, to the perfectly-smooth lips of her sex, slightly darker than the rest of her skin. 

"Oh no!" She repeated, hands going up to her cheeks in an expression of shock. "A human! And you've stolen my skin! You... you plan to hold it and force me to do all sorts of filthy, perverse acts to get it back!" She exclaimed, biting her lower lip.

"I- What!? This?!" Joseph stammered, blushing furiously, looking back and forth between the woman and the thing in his hand, eyes wide with panic. "I'm sorry! I didn't- Here!" He finally managed, thrusting the leathery hide out toward the strange, naked woman, turning his head hard to the side, forcing himself not to look at her body.

The woman seemed surprised for a moment, blinking, before clearing her throat. "You, uh... You must be pulling some kind of trick on me! When I try to take it, you're going to pull it away, and then you'll grab me and use my body as your plaything!" She spoke, looking warily at him.

"No! I would never!" He objected.

"...Why not? Is it because I'm fat?"

"What? No! I mean, you're, uh... wow. But, like, I wouldn't, uh, force you... really!" He tried to explained, his ears turning red as he tried to explain, eyes flicking back to her body repeatedly. "Here, just, take it!" He insisted, thrusting the thing out a little further, trying to put it directly in her hands.

The woman pulled away, slightly, then sighed, defeated. "Listen. I need that skin. Until I get it back, I'm stuck here. That means I'd be willing to do all sorts of things to get it... you understand? When I get it back, I'm going to disappear, and you're not going to get this chance again... probably ever. But as long as you have it, you've got all the power. You can do anything you want to me, and I can't object. I have no choice to do what you tell me to, no matter how perverted or nasty it is... Get it?" She explained, slowly, eyebrows raised, hand gesturing in little circles.

Joseph blinked, staring at the woman before him with a stunned expression. He wasn't stupid, he knew what she was implying, but his brain struggled to accept that this was a real thing that was actually happening to him. Plus, he still had no idea what she was talking about with all the 'skin' talk... Slowly, he pulled the leathery thing closer, until he was holding it against his chest, his eyes locked with hers the whole time. "There ya go, now yer gettin' it." She commented, grinning. "So... what do I have to do to get it back?" she asked, a seductive purr in her voice.

---

"I can't tell if this means you're a gentleman or a huge pervert." She smirked as she threw her leg out wide, creamy thighs parting to reveal the glistening folds of her womanhood, planting one knee on either side of him as he lay on his back on the sand. He was naked, his jogging outfit lying discarded on the sands nearby, revealing a tight, toned body, as befitting a runner, not an ounce of fat to be found on his slightly skinny build, nothing to hide his sharply-defined six pack or the firm muscle in his chest, shoulders, and arms. His cock thrust up from his hips, bobbing in midair in time with his pulse, a steely spear, nearly a foot long, its swollen head threatening to push completely out of its foreskin. 

The view was incredible from here, her thick, tanned thighs leading up into what had to be one of- if not the- most spectacular asses he'd ever seen. Incredibly thick and juicy, soft and jiggly without a trace of cellulite, twin flawless hemispheres of perfectly-formed ass, like half-basketballs. He didn't have long to marvel at the callipygean wonder before him, before she began to lower it, those twin moons looming closer and closer until they eclipsed the rest of the world entirely, burying his head between those juicy cheeks. He groaned, the sound muffled by the thick flesh covering his face, and as he opened his mouth, he could taste her pussy on his lips, her folds drooling with arousal.

His hands came up, long arms wrapping around her thighs to grab twin handfuls of her perfect ass, fingers sinking into the soft, pillowy ass-meat, kneading and squeezing at it, pulling it down onto his face. "I take it back. You're definitely a huge pervert." She laughed as she shifted back to grind her ass on his face a little harder, putting enough of her weight on it that his head sank a fraction of an inch into the sand. "I can't believe yooOOOh~!" She began, only to suddenly moan out as he thrust his tongue into her pussy without warning, tasting the sweet nectar of her arousal as his lips went to work on her outer folds. She could see his chin wiggling between her thighs as he kissed and licked and sucked at each sensitive fold and crease, eagerly thanking her for this once-in a lifetime experience. "You're- you're pretty gooOOOoohd!" She moaned again as he closed his lips on her clit and sucked it hard, the tender little bud sending waves of electric pleasure shooting through her, so intense they made her double over, her ample body flattening against him, burying him beneath her curves and unintentionally pressing her face against his hard, throbbing shaft as she moaned.

"Oh fuck, oh fu-mmmf!" She panted, body writhing as he devoured her pussy like a beast, only to be cut off as her squirming managed to plant the tip of his swollen cock between her full, soft lips. The taste of his precum hit her tongue and she closed her eyes and hummed with satisfaction. The waves of pleasure didn't stop, though, if anything, they only became more intense as he redoubled his oral efforts, tongue twisting and swirling inside her. She rolled her hips unconsciously, trying to pull away from the almost-too-intense sensations, but he held her thighs tight, and her efforts only made the cock planted in her lips throb harder. Well, two could play at that game. She pushed her head forward, her full, soft lips peeling the last bit of his foreskin back as she engulfed the head entirely, her tongue swirling over the gleaming crown, savoring the salty, masculine flavor of his precum with each sweep.

She shuddered on top of him and moaned around his head as his lips closed on her tender clit again, it had been way, way too long, she couldn't take this kind of sensation for long, but she wasn't about to let him get one up on her without a fight. She grabbed his hips and pushed her head forward, engulfing inch after inch of his pulsing cock between her soft, pillowy lips as he continued to lick and suck and nibble at her tender folds. She moaned yet again, pushing herself down on the throbbing length, only to feel the blunt tip slam against the back of her throat, forcing her to gag and cutting off her cry of pleasure. She pulled her head back, suddenly, squeezing her eyes shut to resist both the reflex to retch and the knot of pleasure rapidly building in her core. How the fuck did this scrawny little guy get so good with his tongue?

She fought a losing battle. Her hips rolled uncontrollably as her body writhed on top of him, unable to pull away, unable to get even a moment's respite from his hungry mouth and shockingly talented tongue. She couldn't take it for long, and her lips pulled off his member with a pop as her spine arched, eyes going wide, her hips grinding down onto his face instinctively, a wordless wail of pleasure pouring out from her lips as she began to shudder. She came, and she came hard, lights bursting behind her eyes like fireworks as pleasure exploded from her core, ripping through her, consuming her like a fireball. "OhhhmygaaAAA~AAHN!" she cried out, eyes rolling up as she gritted her teeth, trying to hold on through the surge of ecstasy, but it just didn't end, his lips and tongue just kept going, her folds hyper-sensitive during her climax, every tiny motion of the wet pink muscle almost unbearably intense...

"Nnnnno, stopstopSTOP!" She pleaded as she regained control of her mouth, but she couldn't wait for him to respond, she grabbed his inner thigh and pinched, hard, drawing a sharp yipe from the boy underneath her and startling him into letting go of her hips. She took the opportunity to pull away, her thighs still quivering in the aftershocks of her massive orgasm, both her slit and his face totally soaking wet with womanly nectar and saliva. "F-fuck, dude." She muttered, a quiver in her voice as she climbed off him.

Joseph blinked, his eyes readjusting to the light, his mind lifting out of the haze of lust as he pushed himself up onto his elbows. "Uh... Oh! Sorry!" He managed.

"Don't be sorry." She replied, simply, as she turned around to face him once again, her playful smirk returning. "I've never cum on a guy's tongue before... Just gotta know when to ease up." She added as she sank down to her knees, straddling his legs. "I just need a second... and I know just how to pass the time." She smirked, licking her lips as she flicked her eyes down toward the steel-hard shaft sticking straight up from his hips. Her hands rose to her soft belly, fingers splayed, caressing the smooth flesh as they slid up, tracing the contours of her body, climbing up to her massive, swaying jugs, fingers sinking into the pillowy-soft flesh of her enormous tits, hefting their weight, bouncing them in her hands as she gently kneaded the flesh from below, fingertips slowly closing in on the dark, suckable nipples... "I think you're gonna like it." She purred, grinning playfully.