 Disclaimer: all characters are 18 or older

Content Warnings: Chubby, BBW, unrealistic anatomy, huge breasts, big cock

*****

Beach Body, Part Two

As the mysterious beauty kneeled on the sands, straddling his knees, Joseph couldn't help but take a moment to appreciate her beauty all over again. Her smooth, tan, almost flawless skin, short, dark hair, still swept back with the waters of the loch, though it was starting to dry just enough to spike itself up instead of laying back obediently. Her rounded face with a button nose, full, soft lips that seemed perpetually turned up at the corners into a playful smirk, and deep, warm brown eyes that glimmered with mischievous intent. Soft curves, a gentle hourglass silhouette, ripe, healthy, fertile... His eyes traced from her thick, smooth thighs and wide, rounded hips to her padded waistline, just noticing a handful of faint, jagged pale marks on her sides, before moving on to those TITS! Those massive, glorious mammaries, pillow-soft mounds of flesh crowned with wide, dark brown, suckable nipples, each hefty, jiggling melon the size of her head, her hands currently pawing and kneading at the spheres hypnotically, fingers sinking deep into gloriously soft titflesh...

Slowly, she sank down, leaning forward, letting those enormous, pillowy tits sway underneath her chest as she lowered them down, down, down... She laid her hands on his tight abs, fingers splaying, letting them slide up toward his toned chest as those ludicrously soft melons drew closer and closer to his throbbing, foot-long dick... The pulsing crown of his cock disappeared between those globes, and he let out a soft groan. It was just so soft, so wonderfully soft and smooth and warm...

She giggled, watching his expression twist with pleasure as she continued to lower herself. She rolled her shoulders, moving her upper arms down to squeeze those titanic tits together tighter around him as inch after inch of long, slender cock disappeared between her monstrous melons, drawing another groan from his lips as he squeezed his eyes shut. He felt, rather than saw, the moment her chest swallowed his entire length, he felt warm, soft weight settle upon his hips, his cock harder than ever, the crown throbbing angrily as it peeked out from the deep valley of her perfect tits, barely escaping the suffocating embrace of her melons. He groaned again, opening his eyes and craning his neck to stare down in awe at the view.

"I knew you'd like them." She purred, playfully. "Impressive... Most guys just disappear between these puppies." She added, looking down at the swollen, reddened crown peeking out of her cleavage. She shifted, setting her elbows into the sand beside his hips and raising her hands up to the sides of her breasts, squeezing them together. Joseph groaned again, feeling the pressure on his member increase, her pillowy tits squeezing together, engulfing the swollen, gleaming tip between them. "There he goes! Buh-bye!" She purred, before releasing the pressure once again to let the swollen tip peek out once again, the cool morning air caressing his glistening crown. "And he's back! Aww, lil' cutie came back to see me..." She giggled, smiling playfully. "I think he deserves a kiss..." She added, looking up at his as she craned her neck forward, pressing her lips to the swollen, sensitive head and giving it a gentle kiss, her head half-buried in her own spectacular cleavage. She pulled her lips away with a soft smack, and squeezed her tits together again, smothering the gleaming crown once more, a wicked smile on her lips.

She toyed with his cock, squeezing it between her marvelous melons for a moment, then letting off the pressure to let the tip peek out and planting a kiss upon the gleaming, throbbing head. Sometimes, it was just a soft peck, other times a sensual, tongue-swirling french kiss that lingered for ages. She used her tits to play with him too, sliding them up and down a few inches at a time, bouncing them rapidly up and down, sometimes together, sometimes in opposite directions... It felt amazing... but it just wasn't enough. He still hadn't come yet, and with each delicious second of teasing titfuck playtime the ache in his balls grew more and more pronounced. His cock throbbed hard in the silky-soft embrace of her supple titflesh, his body writhing with pleasure as he groaned and clawed at the sand beneath him, release almost painfully close...

She leaned her head down to teasingly kiss his cockhead once again, and he just couldn't take it anymore. He groaned again, and his hands shot out, reaching for her, his fingers running through her hair as they sought out handholds, forcefully gripping her head with both hands, holding her firmly in place. Her eyes widened with surprise, then widened further as his hips bucked, uncontrollably, thrusting his shaft through the silken valley of her soft tits into the hot, wet embrace of her lips. He groaned, back arching, grinding the back of his head into the sand as he began to thrust his hips, pistoning the first few inches of his throbbing shaft into her warm mouth, his flared head sliding over her soft tongue, almost reaching the entrance to her throat.

It didn't take long for the sensations to drive him over the edge, he'd been so close for so long, it was all but inevitable. His abs spasmed, his sack tightened around his balls, his grip tightened on the back of her head, and he let out a ragged groan from deep in his core. His shaft throbbed on her tongue, once, twice, then fired, a blast of hot cum suddenly coating the wet pink muscle, soaking her taste buds in his sticky, salty, musky spunk. He shook, his body trembling with uncontrollable pleasure as his balls tightened rhythmically, filling her mouth with his thick, creamy seed for what seemed like an eternity.

When the pleasure finally abated, he fell limp on the sand, eyes closed as he savored the afterglow, his hands falling away from her head, slender, toned chest rising and falling as he panted softly for breath. There was a wet smack from down below, and he felt the sensation of cool air caress his crown once again. He opened his eyes and lifted his head to look down, catching sight of her mid-swallow, eyes closed. When she opened them again, she met his gaze and shot him a look of annoyance. "A little warning would have been nice." She chided, before smirking again. "But then again... I don't mind a little snack before the main course." She purred, pushing herself upright, her breasts lifting away from his shaft as she crawled forward on her knees until her hips hovered over his, her perfectly-smooth slit glistening with arousal, just inches from his slightly-softened member. 

In the morning fog, it seemed like the world was just the two of them, the sand beneath him, and the sound of waves lapping at the beach. He stared up at her as she loomed over him like some sort of pagan fertility goddess, the rising sun behind her, its light diffused through the fog into a halo that illuminated her gloriously curvaceous silhouette as she smiled down at him with a predatory, playful look smoldering in her eyes. 

"I- I just came, I can't... " He stammered, momentarily.

"Oh come on, a healthy guy like you, I'm sure you can manage..." She purred, playfully trailing a finger down the valley of his toned abs as she slowly lowered her hips, rolling them side-to-side, until her glistening, perfectly smooth slit ground against the underside of his half-hard shaft. He could feel her weight upon his hips, her thick, juicy thighs straddling his waist...

"I can't just..." He began to object, only to realize he was wrong. Already, blood rushed to his member, the vein-marbled pillar of flesh rising to the occasion, growing longer and harder by the second until it realized its full foot-long glory once again.

"I knew you had it in you." She grinned, sliding her hips forward, grinding her juicy slit all along the length of his shaft, giving it a glistening coating of nectar. "Now... I wanna get it into me." She purred, licking her lips hungrily as she smirked at her own joke. She slowly lifted her hips, her hand sliding down to grip the shaft around the base, fingers barely able to close around it, angling it upward until it was aimed directly at her eager nether lips. Slowly, she began to lower herself down, sinking until that blunt tip pushed against her mound, grinding into her for a moment before her outer lips parted, slowly spreading around it, engulfing it as it stretched her entrance wider and wider. 

There was a sudden slip as her tightly-gripping walls finally swallowed the head entirely, and it pushed past her entrance and into her pussy, followed immediately by the first inch or two of his cock. "OoOoOh~..." She breathed, voice and body shuddering at the sensation. It felt incredible for the both of them, her inner walls gripped him like a vice, but they were soft and smooth as silk soaked in heated oils. "Mmm... I always love the moment it slips in..." She purred, eyes closed and head rolled back for a moment, before she opened them again and looked down at the man she straddled, locking eyes with him as she smiled, playfully. She leaned forward, her hands going forward to rest upon his sculpted abs, caressing their way up to his toned chest before she shifted her weight onto them, taking the opportunity to reposition her knees, her hips wiggling side-to-side as she did, her silken walls caressing his crown. Her elbows bent, lowering her torso until her face was just inches from his, her heavy, swaying breasts hanging underneath her, her fat, dark nipples grazing his abs. Her fingers curled, her fingernails raking over the smooth, pale skin of his chest as she looked him in the eyes from just inches away. "But I love what comes next even more..." She breathed, hotly.

Without warning, she bucked her wide, rounded hips, slamming that juicy ass down onto his steel-hard cock until it hit his fat balls, her thick, creamy thighs smacking audibly on his hips, spread as wide as they could possibly go. Joseph groaned with uncontrollable pleasure, every last inch of his cock swallowed up by her hot, juicy, silky depths, his swollen crown probing at her inner barrier. She held herself there for a long moment, eyes closed, teeth sinking into her plump lower lip as she savored the sensation, but even with her body still, her walls rippled and squeezed around him like they were a wholly different creature, gripping, sucking, clinging to every vein-marbled inch...

She opened her eyes again and grinned, teasingly, before she straightened her arms, pushing herself upright properly, and rolled her hips in a little circle, his length angling this way and that inside her. Slowly, she raised her hips, lifting herself up his length inch by inch, her walls clinging hungrily to his shaft as it slid out of her bit by bit, until only the first few inches remained inside her. She grinned down at him playfully as she held herself there for a moment, then suddenly dropped down again, impaling herself upon his cock once more. The two groaned in tandem at the sensation, but she didn't stop. Already, she pushed herself up again, faster this time, her tightly-gripping walls milking at his shaft, only to drop down again, hard and fast, her silken depths swallowing him up.

The sound of her thighs and ass smacking rhythmically against his hips soon filled the misty morning air, punctuated with Joseph's groans and her own sweet moans. She rode his cock hard and fast, the curvy goddess writhing with pleasure atop him, her massive breasts bouncing up and down, the force of the rhythmic impacts rippling through the soft flesh of her thighs and stomach, her eyes closed, lips parted as she moaned out... The sight was almost as incredible as the sensations of her silky-soft walls caressing every inch of his shaft, of her innermost depths squeezing and gripping and spasming wildly around him each time she dropped down.

He couldn't just do nothing. His hands shot up to her round hips as she bounced up off his hips fingers sinking into soft, pillowy flesh and he gripped them tight. He heard her gasp with surprise, them moan out loudly as he arched his back, his tight butt flexing as he thrust his hips up to meet hers as they descended once again. Their bodies met in the middle with a loud smack, her thighs quivering, her body shuddering at the unexpected sensation, her inner walls squeezing extra hard as her weight bore the two of them down to the sand once again. She was still, for a moment, before she pushed herself up again, rising off his length again, but he refused let go of her hips. As she reached the peak of her bounce his hands gripped tight and his arms flexed, pulling her down as he bucked his hips again, slamming up into her as she dropped once more. Another moan forced itself past her lips, and he joined in with a matching groan.

Wordlessly, the two found a rhythm, their bodies slamming together over and over, waves of soft, jiggling flesh crashing against his rugged, toned body like waves against a rock. Their moans, groans, grunts, gasps, and cries mingled together as they fucked on the sandy beach, their voices muted by the thick morning fog, the two lost in their own little world together. She let herself lean forward as the waves of sensation grew too intense, her hands resting on his tight, toned chest, fingers splayed wide, her head thrown back as she cried out with ecstacy. His eyes were squeezed shut as he grit his teeth against the growing knot of sensation building in his core, trying to resist the sensations of her inner walls squeezing around his length like the softest, hottest vice in the world. Her fingers curled on his chest, nails raking over his pale skin and leaving little red lines in their wake as she rode up and down, up and down, over and over again, her gloriously thick ass bouncing and clapping, a shockwave rippling through the soft flesh each time he bucked his hips up into hers. 

When Joseph opened his eyes again, they met with hers. She was looking down at him, but her expression was... different. Her playful, teasing smirk, which had seemed to be almost permanent, was now gone. Her eyes, deep, chestnut-brown pools that he could have easily lost himself in, were open wide, and in them he saw fear and longing in equal measure. Her full, soft lips were parted, breathy moans of pleasure passing through them with each thrust of his hips. He couldn't resist them. His hand pulled off her hip and reached toward her face. Their bodies continued to slam together over and over, working on autopilot as the two held each other's gaze, unable to look away. His hand grazed over her soft cheek, and without thinking, she nuzzled against his palm as his fingers curled around the back of her neck. He pulled, gently, and she didn't resist, her arms folding as she let herself be pulled down, down, down, until her breasts flattened against his chest, until his abs smacked against her stomach each time he thrust up to meet her. His other hand left her hip and slid up her back, embracing her, holding her close. She was so close now, he could feel her breath on his face each time she moaned, her full lips pursed slightly...

Joseph craned his neck up and pressed his lips to hers in a kiss. She moaned into his lips and immediately returned the gesture, pressing her lips back against his with equal passion. He could feel her weight on top of him, soft curves smothering his slender, toned build, and he groaned into her mouth, his already strained-self control finally giving way. His hips bucked up suddenly as she rose off him, slamming into her to the hilt unexpectedly, breaking the rhythm they'd set and making her moan into his lips once more. He held her tight, clinging to her as he pounded into her like a jackhammer, thrusting his hips wildly until they were almost a blur, throwing his whole body into his relentless thrusts.

He couldn't hold back any longer, a single, final thrust signaled the end of his frenzied pounding, planting every last inch of his shaft inside her gripping, silken depths. His spine arched, every muscle in his toned body straining, pushing his hips up until her knees left the sand, his body trembling as it supported her entire weight. He groaned into their kiss as his balls pulled up tight against the base of his shaft, his length throbbing violently, bucking deep inside her silken walls... She moaned into his lips in reply, he could feel her body begin to tremble, her innermost walls quivering around his shaft, feel her depths begin to spasm, squeezing tighter than ever.

He came, hard. A bast of white-hot cream surged up his shaft and blasted into her deepest depths like a firehose, instantly coating her silken walls with a thick layer of thick, creamy spunk. She shook violently atop him, moaning uncontrollably into their kiss as she came in turn, pleasure overwhelming her mind and body, her pussy spasming wildly, squeezing his length hard, milking his cock for his hot cream. His load didn't stop, again and again his balls tightened rhythmically, squeezing another spurt of cum from his inner reservoirs, his shaft firing it into her depths like a cannon, filling her more and more with each passing second.

With each blast of cum he fired, the tension in his body lessened, his back slowly relaxing, his hips lowering bit by bit, easing the two of them down until he was laying on the sand again, his load spent, his shaft lurching rhythmically inside her as it forced the last few drops of pearly seed from the tip. She shuddered one last time atop him, and the kiss finally broke, the two pulling their lips apart to pant for breath. As their mutual afterglow faded, she raised her trembling hips one more time, slowly easing herself off his slowly-softening shaft until it slipped from her quivering depths with a soft pop. She pushed off him, rolling to the side to lay next to him on the sandy beach, the two panting, wordlessly, for a moment. 

Joseph broke the silence. "That was... incredible." He managed to pant, turning his head to look at her as she lay beside him, rolled onto her side, massive breasts squeezed together under their own weight, his eyes tracing the lines of her generous curves, from her spectacular chest to her curvy waist to her glorious hips to her thick thighs... "Fuck, you're beautiful." He breathed, marvelling at the view.

Her playful, teasing smirk returned in an instant, as though it had never left. "You like the view, big boy?" She asked, propping her head up on an elbow, striking a lounging pose. "Well, close your eyes for a second and I'll show you something really nice." She purred, still grinning wickedly

Joseph blinked, then shrugged. Why not? He closed his eyes and let his head lay back on the sands, letting the calming sound of the waves cresting against the shore just a few feet away fill his mind. He could hear her shifting, moving around on the sand, coupled with the occasional grunt of effort. His brow furrowed as he puzzled over what she could possibly be doing, but despite his curiosity, he didn't peek. He felt something heavy land on the beach next to him, the sand shifting and he felt something slap him on the shoulder, something blunt and fuzzy. What the hell? He opened his eyes.

A seal lay on the sands before him where she'd been just moments ago, its blubbery body lying on its side, one flipper on his shoulder, it's head raised off the sands, big brown eyes staring into his. He barely had time to grasp what he was seeing before the beast opened its sharp-toothed snout and let out a deafening "GEEEEEEEEEEH~!" directly into his face. Joseph's eyes widened, and he scrambled backward on the sands to get away from the thing. The creature closed its mouth again, looked at him, and huffed out a short "Pffff!" through the nose. For a moment, he thought he saw something in those deep brown eyes, a sort of... sadness... but the creature rolled over and galumphed its way down the sandy beach. Joseph could only stare, dumbfounded, as an oncoming wave swallowed it up, and the creature disappeared into the loch with the flick of a flipper, leaving him alone, naked on the beach, the morning fog slowly starting to lift as he struggled to comprehend what just happened.