 **All characters are age 18 or older.**

The Desperians were creatures that, in their natural form, strongly resembled octopuses. Terran octopuses had one eye and eight arms. Desperians had one eye also, but they could vary their number of arms (or tentacles), as needed. And not only the number, but also the form and function could be varied to suit the job at hand. The tentacles could be hollow or solid, flexible or rigid, uniform or tapered, long or short, thin or fat. If they needed to change location, they created two or more legs. If they needed arms and hands, they simply created them with as many fingers as needed. The variety available was virtually unlimited. Much of the time, however, when they didn't need tentacles, they were just roundish blobs with one eye.

They had large brains through which they communicated telepathically and they were very intelligent and technologically advanced.

They were explorers of the galaxy, moving rapidly from planet to planet in huge starships that could travel much faster than light. But their exploring was not only to gain knowledge; they were also looking for a species that was suitable to aid them in reproducing. A virus plague had destroyed their ability to reproduce. So now, as they explored, they examined every creature they discovered to see if it had DNA that was sufficiently complex to be adapted to Desperian DNA. They would die out as a species if they didn't find a compatible species soon.

Desperians had excelled in their technological advances. One discovery which was very useful to their exploration was the "dyna-stasis field," commonly called the D-S field. When alien specimens were collected for study-especially for reproductive study-they would be put into a D-S field where their reproductive act could be carefully observed. It worked much like the controls on a video device, where a scene could be fast-forwarded, played in reverse or slow-motion, paused, or re-wound and replayed any number of times. It was not video that was being thus manipulated, but the actual action itself. Any creature in the field was at the mercy of the experimenters who found it to be a very useful tool to discover the nuances and small details that are sometimes critical in totally understanding the reproductive act of a new species under study.

And so it was that, one day, Professor Persed brought a group of students to the xenobiology lab to instruct them in the use of the D-S field.

"We have entered orbit around a planet which the inhabitants call Earth. The dominant creatures are called Terrans, or humans. We have collected some floral specimens and will soon be ready to begin observing the fauna. We expect that the fauna will be more suitable to aid us in our own reproduction, especially the humans, but this floral specimen will be quite adequate to demonstrate the use of the D-S field." These words had been telepathically communicated to the group of 12 students who had entered the lab with Professor Persed, who then turned his eye to the other Desperian in the lab and thought, "Dr. Skoti, would you please demonstrate and explain the D-S field to these students?"

"Yes, happy to do so," thought Dr. Skoti. "Welcome to the xenobiology lab. Xenobiology is one of the most fascinating subjects in the galaxy. It is my great joy to travel the galaxy examining alien species and learning all about them. Their reproductive habits are as varied as the species themselves. They never cease to amaze me in the ways they can find to multiply their numbers. Consider this floral specimen which you see on this table. We have learned that the Terrans call it a lily. This lily has just reproduced, but I have reversed the process to a point just before the reproduction so that you can watch it again in slow motion. First, let me describe what you are about to see so that you will understand it as it happens."

Dr. Skoti extended two tentacles to act as legs and walked over to the table. Then extending another tentacle with a sharp point on the tip, he pointed to each part of the lily as he named and described it.

"This portion is called an anther. It's job is to produce pollen. Pollen is one of the substances needed for this plant to reproduce. The pollen needs to travel from the anther to the stigma on the same or a different flower, where it will pass through a pollen tube to an ovule. The ovule is the other substance needed to reproduce. When the pollen grain unites with the ovule, they develop into a fertile seed which will then grow and produce another lily plant."

Dr. Skoti stepped back and paused as he considered what he had just told the students.

"I guess that pretty much covers it. It is a very simple reproductive process, much simpler than many of the ones we have observed on some planets. It will help me to demonstrate the D-S field to you, but it is of no use to us Desperians for reproductive purposes. Our DNA is much more complex. But, as I said earlier, this lily has already reproduced, then I reversed the process using the D-S field so that you can watch it happen again. I will now set it to forward, slow motion, and pause it at each step so that you can observe closely. Some of the action takes place internally. The viewscreen on this scanner allows us to see what is happening inside. Any questions before we begin?"

Hearing none, Dr. Skoti thought, "Let's begin. Come closer and watch this anther as this reproduction proceeds slowly. . . . Notice the pollen as it flies off the anther. There are many more grains than needed. . . . Now, some of the pollen is sticking to the stigma. . . . The pollen has disappeared into the pollen tube and is descending to the ovule. The scanner allows us to see inside the stigma and pollen tube. . . . Here, at the bottom is the ovule, the goal of the pollen. In a few seconds it will reach and fertilize the ovule. . . . There, done. Now, I will speed up the process so that you can see the fertilized ovule become a seed. . . . There, done. Have you noticed that there is very little telepathic activity with this specimen? It is of a very low order of being."

"Now, another advantage of the D-S field is that you can observe this whole process in reverse. Let me demonstrate." He extended a newly created arm and hand, adjusted some dials and buttons and they saw the whole process begin to reverse. "The seed is un-developing and becoming just a grain of pollen and an ovule. . . . Now, notice that the grain of pollen has separated and is moving UP the pollen tube, away from the ovule. . . . Suppose you are especially interested in learning more about the motion of the pollen within the pollen tube. You could observe the action repeatedly like this." He again adjusted some dials and buttons, and the students watched the grain of pollen go up and down the pollen tube several times. "You can do that with any part of any reproductive process just by using this D-S field. It is the most useful tool we have in xenobiology."

"Now, why don't you students take over and familiarize yourselves with this process and with the controls. Discuss the action among yourselves while I converse with Professor Persed."

The students excitedly came forward. They gathered around the table and controls and began 

playing with fertilizing/unfertilizing the lily. They were careful to limit their telepathic communication to within the group, in order to allow Dr. Skoti and Prof. Persed to have a private telepathic conversation.

"Thanks for bringing your students," thought Dr. Skoti. "We need to keep young people interested in xenobiological reproduction if we expect to continue as a species ourselves. We are long overdue to find a compatible species to produce some young for us."

"Do you think you will find anything among the fauna of this planet?" asked Prof. Persed telepathically.

"My initial observations of the humans give me a lot of reason to have high hopes," thought Dr. Skoti. "I am now ready to bring some specimens aboard for analysis to confirm or deny my suspicions. I am glad your students will be here to observe this."

"I am happy to place them in your care. Call on me if you need anything."

"Class," thought Dr. Skoti, "Prof. Persed is leaving you with me to observe the next experiment. I am about to transport two human subjects here for experimentation in the D-S field. I have been observing two young specimens who are preparing to reproduce. We will transport them to this table in a D-S field and observe them reproducing in great detail and make a final determination about whether they will be suitable to reproduce our own species. And I think we will be able to make much better telepathic contact with them as they seem to be of a higher order than this lily. Any questions before we begin?"

+++++

William Robert Johnson (affectionately called Billy Bob, of course) was the heart throb of the graduating class of Marfa High School. Since graduating three years ago, he and his sweetheart, 

Sally Ann Dugan had become a serious couple. Though not technically engaged, yet everyone expected it because they were fucking like rabbits. Everyone knew it. In small Texas towns everyone knew who was fucking whom. They were just waiting for Billy Bob to get some more dependable employment. So far all he had was temporary seasonal work on area ranches.

"Hey, Sally Ann, what say we drive out to the rest area on the highway tonight and watch the Marfa Lights?" asked Billy Bob.

"What you mean is, 'Why don't we drive out to the rest area and fuck.'"

"Guilty as charged. How did you know?"

"Because that's all you ever want to do. That's all we ever do. You don't ever take me anywhere."

"Sally Ann, that isn't fair. You know that if I had the money I would take anywhere you want to go. Look at it this way, some say the Marfa Lights are caused by UFO's. Maybe we'll get lucky and get abducted. Then we could REALLY go places-'where no man has gone before.'"

That got a laugh out of Sally Ann. They were both Star Trek fans. It was one of the few things they had in common-that and fucking.

"I'll come by to pick you up around 6. We'll go get some quick supper at the Dairy Queen, then in ten minutes we can be at the Marfa Lights Viewing Center. Maybe this time we will actually see some lights." They both chuckled at the joke. For two centuries people have claimed to see strange lights rising from the ground south of Marfa. Some say it is reflections of headlights on cars. Others reply with the fact that there are no roads in the area where the lights are sometimes seen. And then there's the fact that there are reports from people who saw the lights decades before cars were even invented. Many people have never seen the lights. They are quite rare leading some to say they are imaginary. Billy Bob and Sally Ann choose to be in the small group that thinks they are UFO's, even though they have never seen the lights either.

Right at 6 o'clock, Billy Bob drove up to Sally's house in his Ford pickup. Of course it is, real Texans only drive Fords! And real men only drive pickups!

"Come on Sal, let's go! My bacon cheese grillburger is getting cold!" Billy Bob's menu never varied. He likes his beef. Of course he does. Real men eat beef!

"OK, Bill. Keep your boots on. I'm comin'. I brought a blanket. Let's get our food 'to go' and take it out to the rest area. We can lay out the blanket in our favorite spot and have a little picnic while it's still light, and then when it gets dark we can have our 'bigger picnic'."

Half an hour later, Bill and Sal were spreading their picnic blanket in a private area behind some yuccas and creosote bush-what Sal called her 'favorite spot.' It was a beautiful evening with a perfectly clear sky. Bill and Sal slowly ate their supper, enjoying each other's company. When they had finished, it was starting to get dusk, and Sal cuddled up to Bill. They didn't talk much; they didn't need to. In that way they were like an old married couple.

Almost absent-mindedly, Bill opened the front of Sal's blouse and began to cup her breast. They had done this hundreds of times, so he knew exactly what she liked, and she knew exactly what he liked. He leaned over and began to kiss the part of her breasts that was above her bra, while his hand slipped around back and unhooked her bra. With that out of the way, he admired her beautiful breasts for the thousandth time. "They are so beautiful. I just can't look at them enough," said Bill, also for the thousandth time. Sal didn't mind. She loved to hear it all the same. She was proud of her breasts, and with good reason. They were full and firm, not flabby and loose like some girls. They stood out from her chest with no droop or sag. Her areolas were the size of a quarter, and only slightly darker than her milky skin. Her nipples, as Bill said, were 'just right.' They were sized perfectly to her areolas. Everything about her breasts was in perfect proportion. "The only way your breasts could be any better is if you had more of them," said Bill with a chuckle. Sally chuckled, too, because Billy said the same thing every time. But Sally didn't complain; she loved to hear it.

"Bill, honey, I hate to interrupt what you're doing, but I have this strange feeling that someone is watching us. I know there was no one else in the rest area when we arrived, and I haven't heard any car pull in, so it's probably nothing, but would you be a dear and check?"

"Sure, Sal, no prob! Back in a flash."

It took Bill only a few seconds to walk from behind the yuccas to where he could look over the whole area. Seeing nothing, he quickly returned. "Nobody there, nothing to worry about."

Bill spent an extra ten minutes teasing her nipples, caressing her breasts, nibbling her neck and ear lobes to make up for the time lost in looking for the peeping tom who couldn't be found. If nothing else, Bill was attentive to Sally's needs, not like some men who just wanted to fuck and shoot their load as quickly as possible. Patiently, Bill took the time Sally needed for foreplay. And in the end, it was always worth the investment of time.

"Sal, if all you had were tits and no pussy, you'd be perfect just like that!"

"I love to hear you say that, but aren't you glad I have a pussy, too?"

"Sure am!" said Bill, as he began working his tongue and lips south. He was still in no hurry, taking time to cover her belly with little kisses and swirling licks of his tongue. Before long, he loosened the belt of her jeans and slid them down. Sally helped him and they soon had them kicked off to the side. More kissing as he worked his way from her waist to the top of her panties. Then he looked up at her as he stroked her pussy lips through the thin cotton cloth of her white panties. He could see her lips clearly outlined through the fabric in a perfect cameltoe. Sally had her eyes shut and her head was slowly rocking back and forth. She so much enjoyed the way Billy made love to her. Even though it was always the same, still there was something comforting in knowing exactly what to expect. He always spent a lot of time on foreplay, then he went down on her. Because of the careful attention to foreplay, she was always guaranteed a mind-blowing orgasm. Then she would give him a blowjob, and they would both rest for a while. Then finally, the grand finale, a good fuck where they would both cum simultaneously. They each got two great orgasms every time. They talked about trying different things, but in the end they decided that as long as this system was working so fucking good, why change it? It ain't broke so don't try to fix it.

Back to Sal's panties.

Bill was lightly stroking her pussy through the thin cotton fabric, watching her head slowly rock back and forth and listening to her quietly moan with pleasure. The musky scent of her pussy-so familiar to him-was rising up and stoking the hot fire in his loins. "Sal must be the queen of pheromones," he thought to himself. Then, her eyes half-opened. That was the sign Bill was waiting for. He took her panties by the waistband and quickly pulled them down her legs and threw them into the pile with her jeans.

As she spread her legs, Bill eagerly buried his face in her crotch. His tongue started at the bottom, on her taint, then slowly licked up her lips, stopping short of her clit. He didn't want to tackle that too soon, Sally didn't like that. The timing had to be right. Her pussy lips were still tightly closed as he licked over the surface, but with each upstroke of his tongue, he forced it farther in between her lips. After a short while, he had her lips widely spread apart and began licking the outer lips, the inner lips, and sliding his tongue deeply into her vagina-her love tunnel, she liked to call it-and circling around her clit without ever touching it. He knew this method never failed to bring her to orgasm, and her increasing moans confirmed that this time would be no different.

About a year earlier, Sally had begun shaving her pussy, and Bill liked the change, although he liked it covered with hair, too. She had done it as an experiment and asked, "How do you like my new pussy, Bill?"

"I like it just fine, hair or no hair. You can continue to shave it or let the hair grow back. Whichever way you like it is fine by me."

"I think for now I will continue to shave it." She had left a trimmed triangular patch of pubic hair right above her pussy, like an arrow pointing to her 'love tunnel.'

Bill loved eating Sally's pussy and she loved being eaten, at least the way Bill did it. Bill was not her first sexual partner, but he was the best. The others had just been horny boys looking to get laid or blown. They had no real concern for her needs. All they cared about was getting their rocks off. But Bill paid attention to important details. He carefully licked each one of her lips, sucking it into his mouth and giving it due attention. He licked up and down and all around her clit. He would tongue fuck her or finger fuck her-sometimes one finger, sometimes 2 or 3. Meanwhile, Sally communicated by her moans. Bill could tell by how loud and how long just how close she was to orgasm. "She's getting very close," he thought to himself as she let out one long moan. So he went up higher to her clit again and started circling it relentlessly-not touching it, just circling it. He knew this was keeping Sally just on the edge of orgasm. She had reached down and taken his head in her hands, trying to make him lick her clit and drive her over the edge, but he was stronger and resisted.

Sally moaned louder and longer. "Pleeeeeeaaaaassssssse," she begged. Finally, he knew she could take no more and let his lips close over her clit, gently sucking on it and flicking it up and down with his tongue. Sally screamed, "Oooohhhhhh, yessssssss! Do it, do it, do it! Aaaahhhhh, yesssssssss." Then all she could do was breathe heavy as her orgasm peaked and she slowly started to come back down.

When she had rested a minute, Billy said, "Wow! You were really loud this time. Must have been good."

"Well, you said no one was watching or listening so I thought I would express what I really felt."

"Oh, I'm not complaining, I'm just saying. It always makes me feel good when I know that you've had a good orgasm."

"You always do me soooooooooo good baby. Kiss me."

Bill didn't need a second invitation. As Sally sat up, they moved together and locked lips. Her tongue immediately pushed its way into his mouth and dueled with his tongue. Bill dueled back in a battle they both enjoyed and they both won. Bill knew that this was the prelude to his blowjob, so he not only enjoyed the kiss, but the knowledge made his cock (already half hard) grow rock hard. Sally knew what to expect, and knowing that his hardon would be uncomfortable in his jeans, she broke the kiss long enough to get him to move into a more comfortable position. Then she opened his belt and worked his jeans down and off.
