 Saban

My return to consciousness was gradual. Dim thoughts flickered through a mental fog. Where was I? Who was I? My thoughts were like fish swimming through thick syrup, obscured and slow. 

I became aware of my body. A human body. A naked human body. Chilled air brushed my bare skin. I was lying on my side, and beneath me I felt cold, rough stone. My eyes were closed. I tried to open them, but my eyelids wouldn't move. In fact, no part of me would move. I couldn't wiggle my fingers, or twitch my feet. My heart refused to beat, and my lungs would not respond. I was locked in the prison of my own flesh. 

I could see nothing but the underside of my eyelids. Sounds were distant and vague. I reached out with my other senses. Where I should have found life and magic, I felt nothing but a void. Utter nothingness. An absence of all but myself. In the distant corners of my mind, fear began to flicker. 

The heavy fog in my mind was ever so gradually retreating. I fought to clear it faster. This... This wasn't right. This wasn't the way things should be. I had vague memories of waking before, and it wasn't like this. Awareness should be like a cloud uncovering the sun, not the slow return of dawn. 

I reached deep within my mind, and found self. With my identity clear in my mind, I was able to fight through the thick murk into the light. My fingers twitched, and my heart began to beat. The blackness obscuring my senses fell away, revealing a very familiar life. Anita. I opened my eyes. 

I was in the middle of a pentagram designed to both contain and control me. Anita was inside the pentagram with me, naked, with her wrists, and upper arms chained to a thick post. A collar around her neck shone with spells in my magical sight. This was not good. In one quick movement, I stood and hurried to her side. Perhaps if I could break her manacles... Pain shot through me as my hands brushed them. Shit. "Are you alright?" I asked. 

"I'm fine," Anita answered. Her eyes flicked to something behind me. I turned. 

A wizard stood there, flanked by two demons. One of the demons was in the form of curvy woman with blond hair down to her knees. Very beautiful by human standards. Also very naked. There was something odd in my sense of her. Something like a brand. The other demon didn't have that odd marker on his soul, and was clearly the wizard's familiar, like I was Anita's. His form was male, hunched, and ugly, with scraggly grey hair. His eyes kept nervously darting to the wizard. 

The wizard sighed. "Finally. You know, when I removed the sleeping spell, I expected you to wake fairly quickly. But no, you had to take a full hour to come around." 

What had happened? The last thing I could remember was feeding from Anita. She had been cumming, and then... And then I woke up here. What was going on? 

"I'm Thorn," the wizard said. "I knocked you out with a little magic trick I know, tied Anita up, and brought you both here." He smiled. "I think that just about covers introductions, don't you?"

I pressed my hand against the edge of the pentagram, testing its strength. Too strong. I couldn't break it. I wondered apprehensively what this man wanted. 

Thorn absently ran his hand over the female demon's breast. She leaned into his touch. "Now, I promised Anita that, once you came around, I'd tell you both what I planned to do with you." 

He frowned, as if wondering where to start. "I believe you recently came from the Wizard Lino's tower. Did you see any examples of his work? I believe there was a tree that I couldn't take with me."

I decided to play along. The more I knew, the easier it would be to plan my escape. "Yes, we saw the demon tree."

Thorn nodded. His eyes gleamed. "My father, Wizard Lino, bred that tree. He was one of the greatest demonologists the world has ever seen. His research in that field delved deep into the past, and made great leaps of understanding into the future. His advances in the study of demonic reproduction were revolutionary. He-"

I growled. "Get to the point." 

Thorn frowned. His hand tightened into a fist. I fell to my knees as agony shot through my body. I'd forgotten that a wizard who controlled me could cause me pain. Anita had agreed not to do it anymore when we made our deal, and she was very careful to keep up her end of the bargain. She didn't know that, even if she broke her word, I would not harm her. Not even if she did this, I thought, teeth clenched against the torment. 

Finally, Thorn released me. "Is there anything else you would like to say?"

I rose slowly, not daring to speak. Fuck, that had hurt.

Thorn continued. "As I was saying, Wizard Lino created a rite to control newborn demons. Before he died, he taught it to me. I used it on Vice." He gestured to the demon in the female form. She smiled back at him. "She is mine in body, mind, heart, and soul. Aren't you, Vice?" 

She batted her eyelashes at him, and leaned over to press a kiss against Thorn's cheek. 

Thorn pushed her away. "Not now. I'm busy." He turned back to us. "I have plans to remake the Kerath Order of Wizardry, as well as the kingdom itself. However, breeding enough demons to make this a reality will take quite some time. Not to mention a great many sacrifices. Fortunately, there is a shortcut." He smiled. "You know what I'm talking about, Saban." 

I did. As a demon lord, I could control a large number of demons. Any children I had would be able to do the same. He meant to breed me. I felt sick. 

Thorn smiled. "I'm certain Saban, at least, knows where new demons come from. Creating a demonic life requires a great deal of power in the form of either magic or life force. Greater demons, like Saban, get this power by implanting their offspring into a mortal. The mortal's torment and terror as the new demon grows allows it to feed from them. Eventually the imp is finished growing. It emerges by clawing its way out of the mortal's dying body. The demon child grows, and eventually the cycle continues." Thorn smiled. "Ah, the miracle of life. This is why I need you, Anita." 

I stiffened. "No. You can't-"

"Can't? You dare to tell me I can't?," Thorn interrupted. "I can. You will implant Anita with your offspring, and I will use this demon to take my rightful place as king."

I pressed against the barrier, straining to break it. "Please. Don't use her. I'll do whatever you want. Please, just let her go." 

Thorn shook his head. "You'll do what I wish whether you want to or not. Your instincts will see to that. And getting another wizard would be an unnecessary delay."

I was crying now. "Please. Anything but this." 

Thorn frowned. "What are you fussing about? What is so important about this particular girl?" He leaned forward. "Tell me." 

I fought his control, but was forced to answer. "I love her." I heard Anita gasp, but I couldn't bring myself to look at her. I had planned to tell Anita eventually. When the time was right. To have it revealed like this hurt worse than Thorn's pain spell. 

Thorn blinked. "You love her?" 

"Yes." I bowed my head. My heart ached. 

Thorn straightened. "Interesting. I had not realized a demon could feel real love. What Vice feels for me is artificial, caused by a spell. I feels quite real to her, however, despite her knowledge of its artificiality." He went over to a throne-like chair in the corner and sat. "Your reaction to Anita's death will be fascinating." 

I shuddered. "Please. Don't do this." 

"Vice, you know what to do," Thorn said. The voluptuous demon eagerly stepped forward. 

I stepped back until I was pressed against the other side of the pentagram. Rage blossomed, somewhat eclipsing the pain. Tears still streaming down my face, I growled, "You'll pay for this." 

"I sincerely doubt that." Thorn told me. "Don't fight Vice," he added as the demoness slipped into the pentagram. "Just let her do her job." He leaned back in the chair, and his face split in a voyeuristic grin. 

And that was why Vice was naked. Thorn was getting off on her mating with me. I growled, but I was unable to resist as Vice pulled me close for a kiss. I clenched my teeth together. In the end, I knew, I wouldn't be able to stop Thorn, but I wasn't going down without a fight. 

Thorn sighed. "Open your mouth. And try to have fun." 

Against my will, my mouth opened to Vice's probing tongue. For a moment she just kissed me, her lips working against mine. Though I tried not to, I began to enjoy the intimate touch of another demon, even though I wasn't in my true form. Her arms slid around my waist, and she pressed me up against her body. Her tentacles began to coil around my arms and legs. I fought the urge to relax into her grip. 

As she rubbed up against me, my resistance began to fade. I struggled to remember why this wasn't a good thing, why I shouldn't just let nature take its course. As her tongue coiled around mine, snakelike, I shuddered, caught between denial and desire. I had never been on the receiving end of this before. Now I knew why my previous mates had lost their will to resist the minute I had them in my grasp. 

I had an erection, an instinctive reaction of my adopted form, but pointless in this encounter. I wasn't taking her; she was taking me. It was still sensitive, however. I moaned as one of Vice's tentacles gripped it. All thought of resistance was lost in my need. My mind opened to hers, and she caressed it with her will. I would be unable to fight her now, even if I could remember why I wanted to. 

Vice's tentacles coiled around both of us, cocooning me from my neck to my knees. In her grip, with her mind inside mine, I was so very, very vulnerable. She could do whatever she wanted to me, and I would be unable to stop her. Her power over me was arousing. I was ready. I was willing. She just needed to do her part. 

Her tongue altered in shape, growing larger and rounder until it filled my mouth. It slid past my tongue, down my throat. I was unable to breathe. Good thing I didn't need to. Ever so slowly, the tentacle slid deeper and deeper into me. Finally it stopped, roughly level with my heart. Vice shuddered. I braced myself. This was it. 

Vice's climax swept from her mind into mine, overwhelming me. As I quivered with pleasure, her essence flowed into me, filling me. She reached deep into my mind, forcing me to accept it and triggering the beginning of new life. 

As Vice finished and the pleasure began to fade, I came back to myself. I fought to eject Vice's will from my mind. Without arousal clouding my thoughts, it was easy. I shoved her out of my being, and surged after her so that I was the one in control. I forced her to release me and withdraw from my throat. I was not gentle. Vice whimpered in pain. 

I wanted to kill her for what she had just done to me, but the binding of the pentagram stopped me. "Release her," Thorn ordered, and I was forced to obey. Vice slipped out of the pentagram, which had been designed to trap only me, and returned to Thorn's side. 

I looked over at Anita, who had seen the entire humiliating ordeal. Who was now going to die. My insides quivered as the new demon began to form, and my instincts began to take control. I met Anita's gaze. "I'm sorry." 

*

Anita

Saban whispered, "I'm sorry," and his eyes flared red. He closed them, growling, and clenched his teeth as he fought for control. Tentacles rippled under his skin as instinct tried to force him into his true form, and then flattened out as he reasserted control. 

I shuddered at the gruesome sight. "Saban, please. Fight this. I know you can do it." He had said he loved me. The words still echoed in my head. It explained so much. It also terrified me. If I managed to make it through this alive, what then? What would he expect of me now that I knew the truth? Would he want me to love him in return? Because I didn't. I didn't love him. I wasn't certain I could. 

Saban was still fighting his instincts, but I could tell he was loosing. His true form, a nightmare of black tentacles, sharp teeth, and glowing red eyes, was beginning to assert itself. He no longer looked even remotely human. 

Suddenly Saban's shuddering battle ceased. His last remnants of humanity faded away. What stood before me now was a monster. Two tentacles reached out to caress my inner thighs. 

I had read a bit about demonic reproduction; I knew what was about to happen. As he implanted the demonic embryo, he was going to torture me. It was a part of the implantation process, the tiny demon's first meal. I looked into glowing red eyes. "Please, Saban. Please." 

I shuddered as a tentacle slipped into my pussy, caught between horror and unwanted lust. This was going to kill me. It shouldn't be arousing. But it was. 

Saban made a pleased noise as he caressed my insides. Two spiked tentacles reached for my upper body. I braced myself for pain. 

Instead I saw the spikes shrink away. The tentacles gently caressed my breasts before tightening around my nipples. Thorn frowned. "What the fuck?" 

I gasped as the tentacle in my pussy grew some ridges and began to work itself in and out. Each thrust brushed those ridges against my clit and worked them against my g-spot. I moaned. 

Thorn chuckled. "It appears his instinct is not to torture, but to titillate. At least where you are concerned." He unfastened his pants and slid them down around his ankles, revealing an erection. "Vice. Attend to me." 

Vice nodded, expression eager. "Yes, master." She knelt and took his cock into her mouth. He moaned softly. 

I moaned, too. Saban pressed the bulk of his body against me. Two eager mouths worked on my nipples. Thorn was watching, a pleased expression on his face. His gaze made me feel dirty. 

I felt Saban's tentacles reach down my legs. Two of them tightened around my thighs, lifting my lower body so that Saban could get a better angle with his thrusts. My breath came in short, rough gasps. 

Something began to happen in my pussy. I felt something warm and moist leaving the tentacle inside of me. It slithered to the back of my tunnel and began to slip past my cervix into my womb, one slender strand at a time. The feeling was more erotic than implantation had any right to be. 

Saban was still pressed up against me, with a multitude of tentacles and lips and tongues working against my body. His thrusts came faster and faster. I didn't want to cum with Thorn watching. I fought the building pressure in my abdomen. "Saban, please-"

Before I could finish speaking, I came. Hard. Saban had never slowed while I came before, and he didn't now. I jerked in his grasp as another orgasm hit me, and then another. The slithering sensation in my pussy ceased as the new demon finished sliding its way past my cervix. I could feel it shifting inside of me, settling into its new home. 

Saban didn't stop moving. In a brief moment of clarity, I realized he was planning on fucking me unconcious. Again. Cumming so much I passed out was starting to get a bit old, I thought woozily as darkness began to gather in the edges of my vision. 

*

Saban

When Anita passed out, I abruptly regained control of myself. My many eyes fixed on her limp form. I closed them. I couldn't bear to look at her. 

I remembered every moment of the implantation process. Every shudder, every sigh. Every time she begged me to stop. I contracted into a little quivering ball. 

I heard Thorn stand. "Well, that was certainly entertaining. Vice, could you be a dear and get the wizard?" 

I wanted to stop Vice from taking Anita away from me, but I couldn't. Thorn's will still held me fast. A pentagram overrode the familiar bond, so, even if Anita was conscious, she couldn't have ordered me to help her. 

Anita was taken to a small cage. Vice slid her onto the bed and then left, locking the door behind her. Thorn told Vice and the male demon to follow, and then he left the room. 

*

The rest of the night was rough. I wanted to sleep. Sleeping would make it all go away, if only for a little while. However, relaxing enough to slip into oblivion proved impossible. I was too tense. I paced, first in my natural shape, and then in human form. 

Saving Anita might be possible, if we escaped. If we made it to Rowan before the imp began to feed on Anita's life force, someone there might be able to do something. There had to be some old scroll, or a wizened expert in demonology, or a cutting edge new spell. First, though, we had to escape. I didn't have any ideas. Hopefully, come morning, Anita would. 

There were no windows, so the first indication I had that morning had arrived was the hunched male demon entering the room with a tray of food. He was alone. I had an idea. 

"Hey," I called to the other demon. 

The hunched figure twitched, looked around, and then turned toward the pentagram. "Me?" 

"Yes. You," I purred. "What's your name?" 

The hunched demon blinked stupidly. "Wretch."

"How would you like to be free, Wretch?" I asked, leaning forward. 

Wretch twitched again. "Free?" 

"Yes. Free," I told him. "I can free you. All you need to do is step into the pentagram. I will release your mind from its shackles, and then you can kill that upstart wizard who thinks he can control you. How does that sound?" 

Wretch took a step backwards. "Master Thorn wouldn't like that." 

I sighed. "It doesn't matter whether he likes it or not. He'll be dead. Don't you want to kill him?" 

Wretch shook his head. "Master Thorn wouldn't like that at all." He shuddered. "He'd punish me." 

"He wouldn't be able to punish you. He'd never be able to punish you again," I explained. "Doesn't that sound good?" 

Wretch jerked, almost dropping to the tray. "Don't talk to me anymore. You'll get me in trouble." He turned away. 

"Wretch. Come here," I pleaded. "Just come into the pentagram for a minute." I wished my mental powers could reach outside of the pentagram. 

Wretch was obviously trying to ignore me. Twitching madly, he went over to the cage that held Anita. He had to set down the tray and hold the key with both hands to get it into the lock, and even then it took him several tries. Finally he opened the door. He set the food tray on the floor of the cage and grabbed Anita by the shoulder. "Master Thorn wants you to eat." He shook her gently. 

She didn't respond. 

Wretch shook her again, this time less gently. "Master Thorn wants you to eat," he repeated. 

Anita didn't move. Wretch examined her more closely. Then he raced from the room. "Master! Master!" 

Wretch's shaking had left Anita in a very awkward position. It must have been uncomfortable, but she remained immobile. I called to her. "Anita! Anita, it's me! Saban! Are you alright?" 

No answer. I called again. "Can you hear me?" 

Still no answer. "Anita! Anita, damn it, say something! Do something! Please!" 

Thorn rushed into the room with Wretch and Vice trailing behind. He bent over my Anita. 

I closed my eyes. Please, Anita, I begged silently. Please be alright. Please don't be...

"Well, she's not dead," Thorn said, straightening. 

I sagged against the edge of the pentagram, relieved. 

"However, she's not responding, either," Thorn continued. "It must be some sort of reaction to the implantation." He sighed. "Damn. If she's not eating, she'll be drained of magic much too quickly. The demon she births will be weak."

He turned toward me. "I bet you were relieved when I said she was alive. Weren't you?" 

I was silent. 

"She may not be dead yet, but she's going to be," Thorn told me. "You won't be able to escape. You won't be able to help her. She'll die, and you'll be the one who killed her." His eyes gleamed, delighting in my pain. "Won't that be nice?" 

He was right. As Thorn left the room, I sank to the floor. I had no idea of how to escape. Perhaps, with Anita, I might have managed, but without her... She was as good as dead, and it was all my fault. 
