 Long time, no post, everybody. Big apology for that, turns out writers block is a real sonofabitch sometimes. Anyways, this little idea popped into my head the other night while trying to fall asleep and manifested itself to where I had to write it down. Hope you enjoy. 

**************************

My name is Eric, and for a majority of my life, I was perfectly normal. I worked, I had friends, I had hobbies and interests, and had a not very successful love life. Actually, being a virgin at 25 wasn't really what I would consider successful in any way, but on the plus side, I never worried about getting that call from a lover saying "We need to talk..." Aside from all of that, I was alone in life after the rest of my family was killed by a drunk driver five years ago. It took a long time to get over their deaths, and I miss them completely, but the silver lining was that I inherited a whole hell of a lot more than I thought my family was worth. Turns out owning stock was a better idea than I thought, but whatever. Today though, countless lawyers and attorneys are probably fighting tooth and nail to get their greasy hands on it after my disappearance.

I had gotten off of work late again the night it happened. One of the other guys left early because he had a date. I unlocked the back door, checked the mail, stripped and headed for the shower. I got out and took a look at myself in the mirror while drying off. I wasn't in the best shape in the world, but I wasn't a complete train wreck either. Suffice it to say that I was completely average. Being that it was almost midnight, and I had to open in the morning, I crawled into bed and slowly dozed off into a fitful sleep. Then the dream started.

I guess I should explain that. For about two weeks, every night I had been having the same dream. I would be in this opulent mansion walking around looking for an exit. Looking through the windows, the sky was a twisted pink and red swirl, and the landscape was open fields as far as I could see. As I explored, a feeling of being followed would start to creep up on me, and the most sensual woman's voice would be teasing me on with sweet nothings that seemed to come from the walls. Finally, I would reach the front double doors, which were meticulously etched to depict an amazing orgy, but as I reach out to grab the door handle, two hands would grab my shoulders and spin me around, and there would be the most beautiful woman ever looking at me. Except, something was off about her. 

She was too perfect, if that's possible. Black hair came down to the middle of her back, framing a pair of deep blue eyes and a pair of lips that were permanently curved up in the sexiest smile. I never got to see the rest of her, because at this point she would mold herself to me, drawing me in to a soul sucking kiss. As I tried to maintain the illusion, I would feel myself waking up to sweaty sheets and a painfully hard erection.

This night however, when I woke up panting and on the verge of cumming, I could just feel something was off. Before I could move though, countless slender hands wrapped around every part of me and pulled me down into my bed. This was immediately followed by the sensation of being pulled though my bed, and then falling. I was screaming though the hand covering my mouth when I landed softly in a room painted completely blood red. The hands retracted briefly, then came back and something was placed over my nose and mouth. Instantly, I thought chloroform, but as I reflexively drew a stunned and disorganized breath, I felt more energized than lethargic. The other hands returned to start massaging my arms and legs, and my cock started to rise. Without control, my hips began to squirm and my breathing got heavier, thereby drawing in more of whatever filled my lungs with a burning urge to mate. The door opened slowly, and as I looked up, there She stood there above me.

Her body was incredible, despite the light red tint to her skin. She didn't say a word, she just looked down at me with that perfect smile, then made a hand gesture in front of her. Effortlessly, I was lifted up until I was eye level with her, then she fixed me with her sultry gaze...and everything...got...foggy. Her lips were moving, but I couldn't hear anything she was saying. My eyes grew heavy, and before long, I was unconscious, floating on a sea of bliss.

SNAP!

"Huh, what happened!?" I exclaimed. How long had I been out? Where was I? And, more pressing, why did I feel so freaking good? I tried to lift my head, but it felt like my muscles had turned to jelly. I tried again, succeeding this time, looked down at myself, and instantly wished I hadn't. Something that vaguely resembled a red translucent squid had engulfed my cock and was squeezing and twisting around it feverishly. I looked straight up, and I saw Her looking down at me, her incredible breasts swaying slightly, when she said.

"You are now my pet, human, and you will obey all commands I give you. As you are now, you'll never be able to please me, so I'm making a few...modifications to you. You'll thank me later." I tried to speak, but all that came out was a gurgling moan. I was right on the edge of climax, but couldn't cross over. She squatted down next to me, reaching out with her delicate hands to cradle my balls. She muttered something under her breath and her hands began to glow dull pink, then she started stroking my dick, rubbing and twisting all over. I was delirious with the need to cum, but still I couldn't. My back was arching off the ground, and I looked at her pleading with my eyes.

"Oh, little pet, you are not worthy yet to spray your seed in the presence of a Grand Succubus, not with this measly little thing. No, no, only when you are ready to give yourself to me completely and I feel you're ready will that happen. Until then, well I guess you'll just have to suffer. Now," She leaned forward, slipping a hard nipple into my open mouth "drink from me." A short jet of liquid bliss filled my mouth, which I swallowed eagerly. Another followed, and another, and ten seconds later, I was unconscious again.

When I woke up, my entire body felt different. It felt as though all of my weight had been redistributed across my body. I slowly pushed myself up on my elbows and gasped when I looked at myself. I had ABS! I was TONED! And most noticeably, I was fucking HUNG! Before whatever this crazy bitch had done to me, I hadn't exactly been gifted in the size department (One of the reasons I was still a virgin), but now...shit, I was at least twice the size. I started to take in my surroundings, and was a little bit taken aback. I knew instantly that I was in the mansion that had haunted my dreams. Looking out the window was the same red sky, the same barren nothingness as far as the eye could see. I slowly swung my legs over the side of the massive bed I was in and gingerly stood up. I felt so light on my feet that it took a minute for me to keep my balance. I was walking towards the door when it opened and She walked in.

"Well, well, well, look who finally decided to get out of bed. How do you feel, Pet?" She pushed me back on to the bed with surprising ease and sauntered towards me. I had had it with this "Pet" thing and tried to put my foot down.

"Look, lady, I don't know who you are, but I'm not your freaking pet. I don't know what you did to me, I don't know where I am, but I'm going home. Back to normal land. Besides, this is all a dream anyways. Any minute now, I'm going to wake up in my bed back home, my same self, and this will all be over until tomorrow when you start this crap over again." I got back up with the intention of leaving, when she grabbed me by the arm, reached down and pinched the hell out of me. Wait...you can't feel pain in a dream... Suddenly, it clicked in to place.

"Finally get it? This isn't a dream anymore. Upon reaching the status of Grand Succubus, we are allowed to collect a human to keep as a pet for eternity. You're not asleep, you're not even alive anymore. You are mine to do with as I see fit, your body and mind mine to sculpt and rebuild how I see fit. You will serve me, or you will suffer."

"Fuck this, I'm leaving. Thanks to your stupid dreams, I know the layout of this place backwards and forwards. What's to stop me from walking out the front door, huh?" I got up and pushed past her, walking down the hallway, completely ignoring the fact that I was still naked. I wound down the stairs, across the main room, and reached the front door without any resistance or protest. But when I put my hand on the door knob, that changed instantly.

When I grasped the knob, my mind was blasted away by a massive wall of pure lust. I could physically feel my balls swelling with pent up semen, and I could hammer nails with my cock it felt so hard. A single urge and solitary thought entered my head: Serve my Mistress. I lurched back from the door, gasping for breath as every inch of me sought out the demon that had entrapped me so. In a trance, I ran back through the house, up the stairs, and there she was lying on the bed, waiting for me.

"Back so soon? What happened, did my mental triggers kick in when you touched the doorknob?" She spread her legs open invitingly, and I dove in with gusto, wrapping my arms around her tight thighs and diving face first into her bald pussy. My mind screamed for me to eat this incredible beast without thought to consequence, and I did. I licked and sucked and nibbled like I never had before, and I felt her hands press down on the back of my head, her legs clamping down on either side of me. Not long after, her back arched, her legs started shaking, and a blast of her sweet girlcum blasted me in the face, which I did everything I could to drink down. She tasted incredible! Over and over, I drove her to several screaming climaxes. Finally, She lifted my head up from her snatch, then pulled me up her body.

"You think you're ready, pet? You've been a virgin till now, are you sure you're ready to experience this?" I pleaded with my eyes as my rigid cock slid between us. With a little smirk, she rolled me over so that she was on top. She grabbed my throbbing member, which now had to measure eleven inches, and aimed it toward her dripping snatch. Ever so slowly, she slid down inch by inch, until she reached the hilt. Fireworks were going off behind my eyes, it felt so fucking good! I ran my hands up her body, tweaking her nipples as she thrust them into my hands as she started bucking against me. "Mmm, how is it, Pet? Is this what you were expecting all those years?" I couldn't reply, but the answer would have been a resounding "Fuck Yes!" if I had. It was incredible! She was so fucking tight! And the heat...I thought my cock would melt off! She would withdraw almost completely off, then slam back down over and over again. I was delirious with the need to cum, but once again, I just couldn't seem to cross over the edge. 

"Nah, ah, ah, little one. You were the one that wanted to escape this, remember? I'm going to make you pay for wanting to leave me." And with that, she took complete control over me. My eyes rolled back in my head as the pleasure became overwhelming, my balls swelling even more with pent up seed waiting to blast its way into this she devils heavenly cunt. My entire body was hers to control, hips thrusting up to meet hers, toes curling in newly discovered bliss.

For hours she rode me like that, through countless orgasms for herself, but none for me. Finally, she looked down into my pleading eyes and said: "Are you ready to give yourself fully to me? Are you prepared for an eternity of servitude to a Grand Succubus and all it entails?" I looked up, and with all of my remaining energy I whimpered "Yes." She bent over, pressing her body into mine, and fixed me with her hypnotic gaze again. "Then cum for me, Pet. I want to feel your virgin seed blasting into me, filling me completely." And with that, I was finally granted the release I had craved for so long. My hands reached around to grab her amazing ass and slammed it down onto my shaft as rope after hot rope of my cum blasted into her smoldering pussy. Her body pressed into mine, limbs wrapping me up tight as she shook and shuddered through an amazing orgasm.

"OOOOHHHHHHH FFFFFFUUUCCCCKKKK!!!!! I can actually feel your virginity leaving you! Incredible! Yes, baby, yes, yes, yes, YESSSSSSSAAAAAHHH!!" She thrashed against me as my massive load overflowed and leaked out of her to drip down between us. Her pussy spasmed over and over again as multiple orgasms wracked her incredible body, her legs shuddering around mine.

What felt like minutes later, we finally came back down to planet Earth (or wherever the fuck we were), and she locked lips with me in a very hot kiss. Her tongue wrapped around mine as she cupped my face with her delicate hands. She broke the kiss, looked me in the eyes, and said "I think I made the right decision choosing you, little Pet. Then again, I don't think 'little' applies to you anymore." She flexed her pussy around my semisoft cock to add to it. She lifted herself off of me and rolled over to the side, draping her arm over my chest possessively. She stroked my cheek affectionately, then held her hand over my eyes. "Sleep now, eternity is a long time, and you've got a lot of fun ahead of you." I noticed a faint glowing though my eyelids and then...zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...

**************************

Well, I'd like to think "Not bad" but what do you guys and girls think? As always, any and all feedback is greatly appreciated. As for my other story, Milk Farm, I have unfortunately run into a complete block as to where I am going to take the story from where it is now. Any suggestions for that would also be greatly appreciated and credited in the next chapter. Hopefully, the next thing I post won't take so damn long to write, and until then, Peace and Chicken Grease. 