 THE TRIAL

REVIVING LT. SAMUEL WALKER

CONTAINMENT POD 4

GALACTIC PRISON S8

(Gemesin arm of the Nannan Galaxy)

Lt. Samuel Walker had been suspended for two weeks. Thick, pink liquid emptied from a drain at the base of his containment pod. As soon as the goo was below his chest, he woke in a start, coughing up pink globs. Two rings of dim light illuminated above and below him in the chamber. After a long suspension, even this faint light was enough to be blinding, but his immediate reflex to cover his face was thwarted. Hovershackles. His hands were locked above his head, and his ankles were contained in a matching pair below. His eyes watered, responding to the cold air entering from above him. The salty drops cleared the containment goop from his eyes, which slowly adjusted after-what seemed to him to have been-an indeterminable amount of sleep.

"Commencing the trial of Lt. Samuel Walker captured on Su'en two weeks ago." 

The half of the round pod directly facing Sam illuminated. Sam squinted to make out a video feed, his vision dissolving from undulating streams of blurred rainbows and halos into a crisp vision of a vast candle-lit tent. Amidst ornately woven pillows and throws sat Cin. 

"Bastard."

"Sam, Sam. Be polite. I know you are hardly capable of it but have a little respect for the preceding." Cin wore a bemused look on his face. His horns were etched with an elaborate design, his manner relaxed, confident. He snorted-it shook the giant gold ring in his nostrils. 

The Coalition had been in a protracted war with the Nannan for eight annum and had recently taken the upper hand, decimating Nannan forces in the battle for Su'en. This is where Lt. Walker, a rising star of a military strategist with an ego to match, had been captured while engrossed in a premature moment of celebration in a Su'enese brothel. 

"Who double-crossed me?" Sam tried to remember his capture, but only recalled dim light, wine, and welcoming breasts (all purchased with the spoils of victory).

"It could have very well been the Nannan prostitutes you were laying with during our raid-but does it even matter? You are here now. I'm happy to see you well and so vivacious after your two week rest." Cin laughed. 

"I never sleep with Nannan dogs" This of course was a lie. He had slept with many Nannan women, their firm curves and soft features made them his favorite lay inside the Five Galaxies. He especially liked taking them from behind while grasping their horns like handlebars. They were much better looking than the hulking, "bull-in-a-loin-cloth" laying before him "So Cin, do you perform every trial from your bedchamber?"

"Enough of your prattle." The node installed in the center of Sam's forehead, just above his eyebrows, engaged, shooting pain between his temples. His teeth gritted closed. Bastard.

"Read the charges." Cin spoke to a presence off screen. 

"Lt. Samuel Walker is held for mass murder of tens-of-thousands of Nannan and innumerable crimes against the Galactic Order. The Court finds him guilty."

Some trial. 

Cin flicked an ear and nodded, turning to the feed. "We have a verdict! Let's move to sentencing." The embed disengaged.

Sam made circles with his lower jaw. "Fuck you." 

"Fuck me. Fuck. Me!" Cin laughed one of those over-long, false laughs one reserves for when their enemy is completely in their grasp. "I do love the irony of that statement, Sam. I appreciate your spirit. Fuck me, indeed!"

Sam pulled at the shackles. They held in place, unmoving. "Laugh it up." Sam wanted to get this over with so he could stop talking to this asshole. "So sentencing—what are you going to do, the usual? Feed me to a Xor in the fighting pits at Anthar?" 

"Now, Sam. I'm a bit more civilized than you give me credit for; I don't see why there needs to be any more killing, especially after all the Nannans you've murdered. No, on the contrary, I'm going to let you live. Your sentence will be to make a choice." 

What kind of trick is this? Sam held his tongue. He didn't want to seem pulled in to Cin's bullshit. 

"Your choice: Freedom or to join Nannan."

Sam wanted to present his own over-long laugh, the thought of ever joining Nannan being absolutely ridiculous to him. Still, he would prefer fighting a Xor to Cin granting him freedom. "Join Nannan?" He spit at the feed. The saliva rolled down the pod, leaving an indented trail through the video of Cin's chamber. Cin ignored the insult and continued. 

"If you pick freedom, you are free to go. We'll process you and give you your uniform back-nudity doesn't flatter you after all and I'm unsure how you ever pleased a Nannan female with such a body-then we'll send you home on a diplomatic vessel before evening." 

What was Cin up to? Sam felt it best to not ask questions. "Fine, then. I pick freedom. Unshackle me, let me be off."

"Hold on, Sam. At least let me explain the other option."

"Join Nannan? Should I spit again? I'd never stand with your army. Or aid you. Or abet you. I'd assume die wi-"

Cin scoffed. "Hold on there, Sam. No one said you would be in our ranks. You have been a scourge on us-which makes you unfit to ever stand next to Nannan soldiers. The brass would never allow it. The soldiers would kill you in your sleep. While we would, of course, welcome any Coalition secrets or strategies, we do not need the likes of you in our army. However, you can support us in a different way." 

Usually Sam wouldn't be offended at Nannan garbage, but he fancied himself a deft commander, worthy of generalship in any army. He seethed at his enemy's lack of respect. "Different way?"

"Sam, you have killed countless Nannan women and children. In my eyes, you have a responsibility to help us replenish our numbers. Which is why I am offering you concubinage-the profound honor of becoming a breeding heifer in my harem."

Sam went limp in his shackles and burst into unbridled laughter. Cin continued over the guffaws. 

"You will have all the privileges of Nannan court life, you will be well-clothed, well-fed, and have the honor of raising your young to fight against the Coalition. Your body is already teeming with the necessary genomites, all programmed to help you become what you desire."

Genomites? Sam had noticed a metallic taste in his mouth. "So there's a catch."

"There is no catch whatsoever. You will simply take on the fate you desire."

Sam rolled his eyes. "Well, thank you greatly for the opportunity, Cin! As much as I would be honored to be the mother of your children-you sick, sick Nannan freak-I'm afraid I desire freedom. Release me."

"Patience, Sam. Patience." Cin stood to his feet. "I'm not done presenting the offer. I think it would be best if you made an informed decision. Shasi! Enter!"

The long tapestry covering the back wall of Cin's chamber folded back and in walked a buxom Nannan female. Sam took in the familiar form. Nannan women were not much different from a human female, thicker where it counted and blanketed with invitingly soft fur. Shasi's was creamy white except for a brown spot rounding the base of her tail. She had shapely legs and a perfectly plump ass that giggled firmly as she navigated the blankets and pillows. The base of her tale was wrapped in gold ornamental jewelry, emblazoned with jewels. Sam had found Nannan breasts to be the most large and inviting in the Five Galaxies. Shasi's were no different. Even when captive in a chilly containment pod, Sam's mind broke away, imagining the fun of rolling her tits in his hands and playing with her nipples. They were enormous, larger than the melons of Hopir for sure-their diameter wrapped tightly in a red bra, cut with black lines which only helped to emphasize the roundness of the two billowing orbs. Sam could see the hints of her large nipples poking violently at the fabric from underneath. Her panties matched. He could make out the slightest hint of white fur poking from underneath; he bet it was in the shape of a diamond? Or a teardrop? At brothels he always loved to unwrap a Nani and find out. Each girl's fur pattern was distinct, their own. 

Shasi's face was arresting-large brown eyes with long eyelashes, a cute nose accentuated with a small golden ring, and plump lips which could...oh the dirty things they could do! Horns poked from each side of her forehead, much smaller than Cin's. Her hair rested around them, pulled up in a sultry bun, the characteristic hairstyle of Nannan women. Nannan women! Sultry, buxom, galactic librarians with slight cow-like features and a tail you could pull on. Sam bit his bottom lip. Shasi looked up demurely at the camera, a cute smile crossed her lips.

"Hi, Sam." she said. Such a lovely voice.

"Hey, sexy."

She rolled her eyes and giggled. 

"You're right, Cin. She looks well fed and definitely well attired. But I'm still afraid I'm going to have to pass on the concubinage. I'll stick to fucking your women instead."

Cin turned from the feed, ignoring Sam, and quietly embraced Shasi, putting his hand behind her head. "It's good to see you again, Shasi."

Sam kept it up. "Aw! What next, Cin? You're going to roll out your best sex moves? Can't wait! You honestly think that will sell your option? You're dumber than I imagined-and you probably finish quick." 

Cin quietly pulled something shiny from a small pocket on the top right corner of his loincloth. He positioned it between his fingers and pressed it into Shasi's forehead. She winced. He pulled his hand away. It stayed in place on her forehead, glimmering in the candlelight of Cin's bedchamber, as bright as a xino-crystal. Shasi's closed her eyes and breathed in. 

"Initiate sense-link." Cin whispered to the chip.

The crystal took on a faint glow. Sam noticed an odd heat in his forehead. He prepared for his jaw to be locked again.

LINK ESTABLISHED

An odd energy coursed through every part of Sam's body. He felt bigger-as if he occupied more space than he could visualize. His chest felt round, sore. Ass plump. A sense of exultation and excitement filled him. He felt ready. Expectant. 

"Shasi, let down your hair." Shasi's arms rose up behind her head. Her breasts, encased in her beautiful red bra, lifted with them. Sam watched her breasts extend with the action. But he didn't only watch it-he felt it. He felt their heaviness lifting in front of him, their pull on his back, and the hard nipples pressed into soft fabric before him. Though his hands were still shackled, his hands filled with the sensation of hair before the untangled tresses fell over his back. 

"Good Shasi, now take off your bra." 

Sam couldn't speak. He felt the clasp in his fingers, and the tightness on his back as Shasi pushed the straps. Then they were loose. Her breasts fell in a thud against her. "Oof." Sam winced at the new weight hanging from him. Shasi pulled the bra away from her breasts. Her nipples were met with the cool breeze of the bedchamber. They grew hard. Sam could feel them. She dropped her bra and took a breast in her hand, caressing her nipple. Sam's nipples hardened in response to the phantom nipples being toyed with in front of him. They rolled and grew as Shasi worked them. She smiled up demurely at Cin. Sam felt hopefulness. A desire to be beautiful.

"Is your milk still flowing, my love?" 

Shasi moved forward, "Yes! see?" She placed her breast under her mouth, lifted it upwards, wrapped her lips around her engorged nipple and sucked. Sam's mouth filled with the taste of milk. Warm. Delicious. It flowed generously over his tongue, his lips indented by the thick nipple between them. He let out a long mmm. 

"Mmmm." Shasi said, letting milk dribble from the sides of her mouth. 

"Excellent, my dear." Cin gazed into Shasi's eyes with pride. 

Sam's heart welled with joy at Cin's words. Shasi giggled and gave one more suck before dropping the breast and lifting the other. "This one gives the most milk though!" The right breast did feel fuller to Sam. It was sore, about to burst; yet at the same time he was happy at the abundance, pleased to be able to feed his young. Wait, what? Sam was taken aback. He closed his eyes and collected himself. 

"Thanks for the uplink, Cin. I will have to order one of these chips on the ride back to Taron. Pretty hot shit!" 

Cin and Shasi regarded nothing. Without any sense of interruption Shasi took the nipple into her lips and gave the slightest suck. Her mouth was immediately filled. Sam tasted. She swallowed. Pleasant warmth poured down his throat. Having already been primed, her other nipple continued to drip steadily like a faucet. 

"My dear, if you give attention to your other breast, its flow will become as rich as this one in short time." 

Cin bent to her neglected nipple, forming his tongue into a U. He cupped the nipple from underneath, and then flicked it several times with his long tongue before taking it into his lips. Sam felt pleasure pour from his breasts. Her massive mammaries were definitely overfull, he could feel it-each tease, each suck eased the pressure and he was grateful. He could make out the jutting form of Shasi's nipple as it played over the surface of his tongue, the milk gushing forth, Cin's mouth around the other, toying and teasing. And Sam noticed he was beginning to sense the sensations in other areas as well. Sam looked down at his dick. It hung between his legs, but around it he could feel delicate flesh, swollen wet folds, glazed in juices. Shasi's red panties would be drenched soon. Her lips were growing more swollen. Hotter. Sam felt her panties tight around her pussy, growing more constricting. Cin reached for the golden clasp at Shasi's hip and unhooked it. Her panties dropped. Sam looked up from his penis, relieved. A cool breeze flowed between her thick legs. Much better thought Sam. A long strand of fluid dripped slowly from beneath her. 

Something caught Sam's eye on the feed. It was not Cin as he continued to suck Shasi's tit-no, that was so pleasurable it barely registered as something that needed to stop. It was a stirring. A stirring under Cin's loin cloth. Sam watched, horrified, as the cloth began to rise, suspended in midair. Sam could make out Cin's thickness beneath. Shasi also looked down on the new development as she continued to suck her nipple. The head of Cin's dick snuck out from beneath the cloth, filling with blood. It was flushed and steadily becoming more engorged. Shasi's heart leapt at the sight. Her pussy would be wrapped around that cock soon. It would move inside of her. Own her. 

Sam's horror was gradually overtaken by Shasi's excitement. The cock grew longer, then lifted upward. The loincloth cascaded backwards, revealing a thick, Nannan cock, pointing skyward and pumping to the rhythm of Cin's heartbeat. The head was as big as Sam's fist, the shaft a thick shaft of veiny flesh. It was intimidating. 

Shasi did not have to be prompted. She released her nipple. Her boob bounced, shooting streams of milk in all directions. She dropped to her knees in front of Cin. He looked down on her proudly as she took the cock in her hands and stroked it, licking her lips. She had been craving this. A dribble of milk ran down from the corner of her mouth. Sam felt the topography of veins and flesh in the palms of his hands-sex organ braille. Her hands were small, they could barely wrap around its circumference. A drop of fluid formed at the tip of Cin's cock and Shasi quickly licked it before it could drop to the blankets. Another taste mingled with the sweet flavor of milk in Sam's mouth. Savory, salty. He relished in the combination, until he reminded himself it was the taste of Cin's cock. Still Shasi's joy quickly intermingled with his emotions, rendering him blissfully confused. 

He laughed nervously. "Thanks for the lovely demonstration. I am afraid I still must go."

"Sam," Shasi smiled, regarding the feed, while bringing Cin's cock threateningly close to her lips. "Don't you want to please Cin? A cock like this should be worshipped. If we're lucky..." she dropped a hand to her crotch, "he will repay us." She dipped a finger into the wet folds of her pussy. Sam's eyes bulged open.

Sam shook. His dick flooded with blood in an instant. Shasi closed her eyes; a moan crossed the threshold of her lips. He could feel Shasi's pussy pulse expectantly at the thought of it entering her and the vibration of her moan in his throat. He stuttered. "O-oh...oh fuck." 

"Don't you want to be repaid? Don't you want us to be filled by such a giant cock?" Shasi sure did and Sam could feel how much. She dipped a second finger into the shallows of her swollen lips. Sam writhed in his shackles, moaning. The sensations were alien. Electric. Unexpected. She pulled her finger from her lips. Sam's body dropped in the shackles. 

Shasi's hand came back to rest around Cin's cock. She looked up at Cin. He smiled at her and bent his head slightly to watch the feed from Sam's containment unit from the corner of his eye and smiled. Sam was catching his breath. He felt wet. Hot. The feeling of her hands on his pussy...NO, her pussy. He couldn't fathom what had just taken place. He needed to feel it again to understand. He wanted to understand. Desperately. Only in this state, his body half-possessed with the sensations of another, could such deep contradiction fill someone's eyes. They opened, watering in a state of simultaneous terror and longing, gazing downward on his erect cock, and feeling the electricity of Shasi's pussy lingering together with it.

"This has been payment enough." He tried to overcome it. "As convincing as your presentation has been." He breathed in. Swallowed. "I still choose...freedom."

Cin snorted at the word and looked down at Shasi. "I long to take you in my mouth, my dear," she said. 

"Have only a taste. Then I need you on your back."

Shasi held the cock tightly with both hands, and, spreading her lips as wide as she could, plunged the head of the cock into her mouth. Sam could feel its presence, filling his entire mouth and snaking into his throat. It carried with it an alluring savory taste that was not at all as unpleasant as he expected. Shasi sucked in and pulled the cock from her mouth with a pop. Cin let out a faint moan of approval. Shasi fell to her side, thighs together, into the soft pillows adorning Cin's bedchamber. Her breasts bounced. Two short lines of milk shot across the fabric around her. 

Cin pushed her thighs apart. Spread. Wet. Waiting. He lowered himself to her, taking in her scent with his large nostrils. Sam could feel the warm air of his breathing on his crotch. 

"You are in heat, my love."

She giggled, "Yes, it's my time. Shasi is ready to be filled by her master." She felt sexy. She would please her master tonight and he would repay her with his seed. There would be another strong Nanna to suckle at her nipples. Sam welled with her pride and desire, so deep, his own emotions had no chance to overtake them. "Take me, love," said Shasi. 

Take her?

"Soon enough." Cin whispered.

He took another long inhale of her sweet pussy. Then he rested his thick tongue over her wet lips gently. Sam pulled himself up by his wrists, his legs stretching long, locked firmly in the shackles below him. He screamed in terror. A flick of the tongue. "Oh GOD!" His body bucked at nothing. 

But it was there. 

Between his legs. 

Cin's tongue. 

Teasing. 

Another lick. "Oh!" Shasi bit her tongue and moaned. "Yes, love. Do I taste pleasing to you?" Cin grunted in approval. She did. A third. Each lick sent waves through Sam's body. His penis. His pussy. Shasi's pussy. The one they shared. The only one that mattered. Cin kissed its folds of flesh gingerly. Then a playful nibble of the lips. Another wave. Sam clenched his fists, riding the sensations. Shasi arched her back, her hair falling in her face over her wide-open mouth. Sam sensed the strands in the sides of his mouth. She moaned, louder. She was dripping. Cin pulled his snout back from her crotch. 
