 +++CH01+++

I had been fantasizing about it for years, although I had never been able to coax my wife either drunk or sober to show herself off to another man. I have purchased her revealing outfits and bathing suits and such, but she had never worn them in the presence of anyone else, not even on vacation.

My best friend Randy thought my wife was really hot and we had talked about many different schemes whereby he could get an eyeful. We had tried a couple times to set up situations where he could see her, but for one reason or another they had never worked out. 

About a year ago, Randy went to work in South America for 3 months. Shortly after his return he called me up and asked me to meet him. Apparently he had a proposal for me and wanted to discuss it over coffee. I thought perhaps he had a business opportunity for us, but when we sat down a few days later, I had a hard time believing my ears. While he was away, Randy had befriended a fellow who claimed to be descended from a long line of black magic practitioners. Randy was fascinated by some of the stories this fellow told him about magical spells and they spent many nights drinking and talking, but it was the night he heard about possession that was about to change our lives.

Randy explained that he couldn't help thinking about our fantasy as his new friend described his ability to inhabit another person's body. Over the ensuing 2 months Randy had studied the magic until he was able to connect with and take over the body of another acolyte. As we drank our second coffee, Randy told me that he thought he could possess my wife and make our dreams come true. I wasn't the least bit sure about that. It was one thing to fantasize about showing her off, but it was a completely different thing to let my friend inhabit her body. We made a date for the following Saturday so he could give me a demonstration. 

As planned, I went to Randy's place for the demo. Randy set up a video camera in the corner of his rec room and gave me a cup of herbal tea. Within minutes, I started to feel a bit woozy and Randy had me stretch out on the recliner. It only took about a minute for me to fall asleep. 

It was mid-afternoon when I woke up. I noticed immediately that I was lying on the couch not on the recliner where I had fallen asleep. Randy was sitting across the room smiling at me. 

"That was fun," he snickered, "Let me show you the video."

For the next hour, I watched myself moving about the rec room, drinking a beer and eating some nachos. That explained the full feeling and slight indigestion I had. It was unnerving to see myself doing these things while I knew I had been unconscious. When I asked him how he controlled both bodies, Randy explained that we actually swapped consciousness, and I was still out from the tea, but in his body. He then asked if I was convinced, and ready to try it on Pam. 

I thought about it and a chill ran through me as I imagined Randy in total possession of Pam's body. Showing her off was one thing, but this was far and away beyond that. I balked.

"This is too much. Way too much," I whispered, "I don't think I can let you do this to her."

"Aw COME ON," he growled, "I thought you would be all in. You have no idea how hard I worked on this."

All kinds of possibilities ran through my mind. Randy possessing Pam? No. I would have no control. Randy possessing me? No. I would be unconscious. Would it be possible for me to possess Pam? I would be there. I would be in control of her body. I could show as much or as little as I wanted.

"Randy, could you teach me?" The words were out of my mouth before I knew it. 

"It would be better for you because it would be like it was her showing off for you, and I could be right there."

When I saw Randy start grinning from ear to ear, I knew we would have a deal. 

Randy and I met several times a week and he took me through the training sessions. The first time I looked out through his eyes and saw my own body lying on the couch, I almost fainted. The grand finale came a month later when I spent the afternoon puttering around his place in his body. We were ready.

I had a half hard-on and a permanent knot in my stomach for two weeks trying to figure out how to make this thing happen when Pam had an emergency at the office and needed to work double shifts for most of a week. When she came home exhausted on Friday evening I turned on the charm. I let her relax while I made her a light dinner with a glass of wine. I then guided her into a big easy chair with a cup of herbal tea and returned to the kitchen to call Randy.

After the call, I quickly took over of Pam's body. It was a totally different experience than possessing Randy. My center of gravity was way off. My ass felt huge, and I was totally distracted by Pam's breasts bouncing on her chest as I walked towards our bedroom. It took me a few minutes to strip off her work clothes and drop them in the hamper. I rummaged around for some of the sexy clothes I had bought her and could never convince her to wear, and found a pair of thong panties and a push up bra that accented her cleavage. I slipped into her shortest skirt from the back of the closet. I left the top two buttons of the plain white blouse undone, something I had never been able to get her to do. When I looked in the mirror I saw that she looked hot. When I bent over, a generous amount of her cleavage was on display. This was going to be fun. I tried on a pair of high heels I thought would accentuate her legs, but I almost broke an ankle trying to walk, so I slipped them off and ran barefoot down the hall when the doorbell rang.

I thought Randy's eyes were going to pop out of his head when he got a look at my outfit, but it was clear he wasn't sure I had pulled off the swap. When he asked me if Brian was home. I laughed right out loud.

"He's right over there on the couch," I said, watching his eyes as he looked at the couch, then back at me as the realization dawned on him.

"Wow," he whispered. "How are you feeling? What's it like in a woman's body?"

"It's a lot different. I'm a bit off balance and I just can't get used to these," I said as I cupped Pam's firm tits with her hands. 

"Why don't you come on in and let's have a drink?" 

I spun around and walked down the hall and into the kitchen, knowing that Randy's eyes were probably glued to Pam's ass as it wiggled under the tight skirt. 

"Beer for you?" I asked as I opened the fridge door and bent over to pull one out.

The instant I bent over Randy was there with both hands cupping my ass and almost pushing me into the fridge. His attack knocked me a little off balance and it took me a few seconds to recover during which time Randy took full advantage of my position.

"Whoa, whoa, hands off there buddy" I scolded as I stood and spun to face him.

He just smiled and stayed right up close taking the beer from my hand and letting his eyes fall to my cleavage.

"Wish I had been in the fridge when you were bent over," he whispered, "I bet the view from in there was interesting."

I stepped around him and poured myself a glass of wine. It was such a weird situation, and I was so nervous that I drank my wine right down. Randy quickly refilled my glass. 

"How do you want to do this?" He asked as his eyes devoured me, anticipation clearly visible on his face.

"I don't know," I replied, "I was just trying on some heels when you rang the bell. Would you like to see her in heels? I don't think I can walk very far, but it might be fun to at least stand and pose her."

Randy went to the living room as I retrieved the heels from the bedroom. When I got back he was sitting in the easy chair sipping his beer. I dropped the shoes to the floor and steadied myself, one hand on the wall as I slipped them on. The right shoe was a bit snug and I needed to bend over and wiggle it over my heel with my hand. Just as my heel slipped in Randy called my name. Still bent at the waist, I quickly looked up at him and saw him snap a picture with his phone.

"Great shot" he said smiling broadly.

I realized immediately that he had captured a "downblouse" shot.

"Hey! No pictures. How the hell would I explain them if Pam ever saw them?"

"Awe come-on," Randy pleaded, "They're just for us to remember this by. Besides, I'll give them to you before I leave and you can delete them if you want. Now turn sideways and let me get one from that angle." 

It did seem like a reasonable argument. After all, we were doing this so I could show Pam off, and so I just turned and let him shoot. Randy said he had always loved Pam's legs and that the heels accentuated her calves. He also mentioned that he loved the way they made her butt stick out. For the next half hour or so Randy gave directions and compliments to me and captured me posing Pam in a variety of increasingly revealing positions. With each pose I became more excited. My dreams of exposing Pam were coming true, and I was going to have pictures to enjoy when it was all done. 

"Let's move this down the hall," he commanded, "we can get a few bedroom shots."

I thought my stomach was going to fall through the floor as he reached for my hand and led me back through the house. My whole lower abdomen felt like it was melting as we entered the bedroom and he guided me to a seat on the bed.

"Here, let me help you take these shoes off."

With that he knelt in front of me ran one hand up the back of my calf and lifted my foot pulling off the high heel. He then placed my bare foot on his thigh and lifted the other leg. It never dawned on me until I saw his eyes flit upwards that in this position, he could see up the skirt. When he was finished taking off my second shoe, he moved my foot to his other thigh. I was now sitting with my feet spread on my best friends thighs and his hands were rubbing up and down my calves. When I looked down, I could see a bulge in his pants. I nervously stood and moved away from the bed. 

"OK" I said moving carefully around the bed "This touching thing, and your hard-on have me feeling a little weirded out, and I think for now I'm just going to give you a quick look, then ask you to go. Promise to keep your hands to yourself?"

Randy nodded his head and as he sat on the edge of the bed, my hands moved nervously to the buttons on Pam's shirt. Randy's eyes went wide as I unbuttoned the remaining buttons on her blouse and pulled it off her shoulders. Randy was speechless, staring wide eyed at the breasts encased in thin lace in front of him. I have never been as turned on as I was when I raised my hands to the clasp on the bra.

"Wait. Wait" croaked Randy "Rub her nipples. Make them stand out before you go any further"

It was like I was in a trance as I complied with his request. Electricity was shooting from my nipples to my crotch as I rubbed them into hard points. I could feel pussy juices seeping out into my panties as I stood before him.

"I'm really getting wet" I admitted "I better get this skirt off before it gets soaked"

Randy's eyes never left my hands as I undid the button and zipper and slipped Pam's skirt over her hips and down her legs. I saw Randy's eyes move to the mirrored doors behind me to take in the view of her tight ass cheeks as I uncovered them.

"MMM, I love the thong." he moaned "Turn around" 

It was not a request and I felt strangely compelled. I closed my eyes, and slowly turned my back to him. I jumped when I felt his hand caress my right ass cheek. The first caress quickly turned into both hands kneading Pam's ass. This was more than I had bargained for, but as I tried to move away I tripped on the skirt and stumbled. Both my hands flew forward to the wall to catch myself. In that instant, Randy's hands slid up my back and unhooked the bra. Totally off balance, I was defenseless as the bra popped free and Randy's hands flew around to cup my tits. My knees almost buckled as he pinched and pulled my nipples.

"Enough!" I panted as I pulled free "This is too much. You promised not to touch." 

I had never been so turned on in my life. I really needed to catch my breath and get back in control. I kicked the skirt across the floor so I could walk as I told Randy that if he didn't sit down and keep his hands to himself, this would be over and I was going to throw him out.

Randy just sat there and watched my heaving chest as I stood before him in only a thong. Suddenly he seemed to snap out of his trance and quickly took several pictures.

"Brian. She's so fucking gorgeous. I can't believe we are doing this. Please. Please. I'll be good. Just take off the panties and let me see all of her."

Unable to resist, I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of the panties and pushed them to the floor. Randy's eyes were riveted to my pussy as I stepped out of the panties to stand totally naked before him. My nipples were rock hard points as he raised his phone for another shot. I had never intended to go this far, particularly the first time, but somehow, I couldn't stop myself. I had lost the ability to resist his commands, which now started to come in rapid succession

"Put your hands on your head. Turn around. Spread your legs a bit. A bit more. Rub your hands down over your tits, pull your nipples. Harder. Stand still."

He had taken several more pictures, and I was insanely turned on. My best friend was commanding me to display my wife's body while he photographed it and I was obeying. I couldn't breathe and I remained riveted to the spot as Randy stood and moved towards me. His hands slipped around my waist and cupped my ass, squeezing and kneading it as he pulled me close. 

"No" I whispered "It's too much" But he didn't move and neither did I. As his left hand moved up my side to cup my breast, his right slid around my hip and moved to my pussy.

"God you're wet" he whispered "I don't think I've ever felt a wetter pussy in my life. This is really turning you in isn't it?"

"It's unbelievable" I panted "I can hardly think straight"

He bent me back a bit and lowered his head, sucking my hard nipple into his mouth, as he pinched the other one between his thumb and finger. It felt like my head was going to explode. Then it hit me. It was one thing to show Pam's body off, but we couldn't do anything that would leave any evidence. I would be in big trouble if Pam woke up with sore nipples or, worse yet, a hickey! I struggled free. 

"No. Please. We can't do this she will feel tender when she wakes up. She will figure it out." I said, pulling away.

"Oh no you don't." Randy spoke harshly "There's something I've dreamed about doing for years"

With a strong hand grabbing my arm he spun me onto the bed. Before I could react, he grabbed both my arms, knelt between my legs and looked up at me.

"You just lie back and enjoy while I eat your wife's pussy" 

I started struggling to get free, but those thoughts vanished the instant I felt Randy's mouth close over my pussy.

Through a haze of arousal, I could hear a woman's throaty moans and cries, and was shocked to realize it was Pam's voice, my voice urging Randy to eat me to make me cum. And that's exactly what happened. My body went rigid. I couldn't breathe at all. Then stars exploded in my brain and my whole being was wracked with an orgasm of unimaginable intensity. Randy still had a firm grip on both my arms and held me down as he kept sucking and licking causing the orgasmic spasms to continue for several minutes.

As I lay there in post-orgasmic daze, it hardly registered that he was taking more pictures. I closed my eyes to bask in the afterglow, and when I opened them again, Randy was standing between my legs stroking his cock. 

"Don't move". Again, it was not a request. "I'm almost there" he grunted

The first jet of his cum, flew through the air and landed on my cheek and chest. The remainder of his load was deposited with less intensity and covered my belly. The last remnants dribbling into my pubic hair. Randy smiled, zipped himself up and picked up his phone, snapping a few pictures of me covered in his spunk, including a few close-ups of the large glob on my face. Through it all I lay there submissively, in shock over what had just happened.

"Well, that was a lot of fun buddy, but it looks like you have some cleaning up to do. Don't worry about me. I'll see myself out." With that he was gone.

Looking at the clock I realized that it had been two hours since Randy arrived. I was lying naked, covered in cum and time was running out. I needed to get Pam cleaned up, and fast. I quickly returned the skirt and blouse to their hangars, but had to hide the thong to deal with later. I took a quick shower, making sure to keep her hair dry. 

When I was sure I had covered my tracks, I pulled on her big flannel nightie, climbed into her side of the bed and swapped back.

When I woke in my own body, I was instantly hard. Yes. It had gone too far. I would have to be more careful if we ever did it again, but it had been amazing fun to show her off. As tired as she had been, I thought that perhaps Pam would sleep all night so I decided it would be fun to look at the pictures and masturbate. That's when I realized that Randy had left with them instead of giving them to me as he had promised. Oh oh. 

+++Ch02+++

I looked down at my wife's tiny manicured hand stroking the hard cock protruding from between Randy's thighs and felt his muscles tense as he neared his climax. 

"Get down in front of me." he commanded. "Let me come on your tits."

It had only been a week since I had swapped into my wife Pam's body to show it off to my best friend Randy. During that session he had taken a number of very revealing photos of her body and when the session ended with a load of his jizm spread from her cheek to her hip, he had slipped out without giving me the sim card as he had promised. 

I had called him the next day and he told me in no uncertain terms that the only way to get the pictures back was to have another "session" so he could spend some more "quality time" with Pam. I had argued and cursed and told him we were through as friends, but when he sent me the close-up of Pam's face clearly in a post-orgasmic haze, and with a big gob of his cum on her cheek, I realized I had no choice. If Pam was to ever see one of those pictures, she would leave me, taking half of my fencing business with her. Both my life and my business would be in ruins.

So I found myself, for the second time, in possession of my cute wife's body. Randy had given me a package containing the outfit he wanted me to wear and told me to put it on with nothing else but a coat and be at his door at 9. I struggled with the lace bustier until I realized that the bra cups had never been intended to cover my nipples. The sheer nylons were even more difficult but I finally got them clipped to the garter straps that hung from the bodice. After pulling up the tiniest thong I have ever seen, I grabbed a long coat from the closet, slipped into the heels and tottered across the street to ring his doorbell.

Randy answered with a huge shit-eating grin.

"Hi Pam. Come on in. Nice of you to drop by. Can I take your coat?" This last part with a bit of a leer

"Fuck off. Don't call me Pam." I replied with venom. "And I'll keep the coat on for a moment until I'm sure there's no camera in your hand."

"If you're not going to play nice, then I guess I'll just hit send on this invite for Pam to link to my Internet file sharing folder with all those cute photos from last time" he said lifting his phone and moving his thumb over the keyboard.

"No. NO. OK. I'll do it." I blurted, as my fingers reached for the buttons on the coat.

Slowly I undid the buttons each one revealing more of Pam dressed as a walking wet dream. As I did, Randy stood before me, eyes devouring each new bit of exposed flesh. When I had undone the last button, Randy commanded me to pull open the coat. Although it had gone too far last time I had maintained some semblance of control of the situation. That is, right up until the end when Randy had sucked my pussy until I had a mind blowing orgasm. This time, Randy was in control and that thought combined with the cold air of the room caused my nipples to spring into hard points the instant they were revealed. Randy stepped around behind me and slipped the coat off my shoulders, throwing it over the hall chair. 
