 The warning about the 'kitchen sink' at the beginning of the last chapter still stands.

**

I am just a worthless liar. I am just an imbecile.
I will only complicate you. Trust in me and fall as well.
I will find a center in you. I will chew it up and leave.
I will work to elevate you just enough to bring you down
—Sober by Tool, Undertow

********

Jackie looked down at the large puddle of cum that was beginning to soak into the satin sheets, and said, "Wow, we certainly made a mess. I don't think I've seen that much cum from one dick before."

Karen replied, "We really should clean it up before it stains. Slut!"

"Yes Domina?"

Pointing at the congealing mess at her knees, Karen commanded, "Clean that."

"Yes Domina. I'll get a towel."

"Don't bother with towels, Slut. Slurp it up!"

Looking distastefully at the coagulating pool of slimy, white glop, she hesitated.

"I said slurp it up, Slut." Karen repeated slowly, and in a tone of cool malice.

Hearing Karen's warning rattle, Slut busied herself licking up Connor's leavings.

Karen and Jackie came out from beneath the table to stand with Denise. All three of them stared seductively at me, and crooked a finger. Denise patted the table top, while saying, "Your turn Tiberius."

I was about to take them up on their offer when a blood-curdling scream echoed throughout the club.

"What the fuck was that?!" several members exclaimed at once.

Several others opined, "It sounded like it came from the specialty rooms."

I muttered to no one in particular, "What next, first fighting and now this. Maybe we pushed too hard." Then a thought came into my head, and I asked loudly, "Where are the twins?"

"We're right here," they answered in unison from somewhere behind me, and with an irritatingly snotty tone.

"Very well. I assume, then, you're not the architects of this latest fiasco."

They began protesting my accusations but I threw up a hand, stopping them in mid-whine.

I was about to send a slave to investigate when one of the club Dominants came running into the grotto.

The Dominants were also special club members. They totaled six, four males and two females, and alternated their schedules so that at least three would always be working each night. Calling themselves the Dungeon Masters, they were specialists in bondage, punishment and sadomasochism, and expertly plied their trade for any member who enjoyed the controlling arts of submission and discipline. Mostly, they kept to the Caligula Grotto.

Early on in the clubs history, Gabby had become an honorary Dungeon Master, and with one of the other female Dommes, spent much of the time tormenting the cuckold husbands, including her own. Phil was a Caligula regular.

The Dominant fast approaching me was decked out in his typical leather attire, minus the hood he wore when plying his trade. A panicked and horrified look was plastered across his face.

Slightly breathless, he said, "It...it's terrible Tiberius. I-I don't know how it could have happened. We're always so careful around her."

"De Vries, just slow down, take a breath, and explain."

"It's Gregor. He..." De Vries stopped in midsentence.

Two security guards approached us while supporting the other Dom between them. They essentially carried the Dom forward by his arms, while letting his feet drag along the floor. The injured Dom covered his groin with his hands.

Even though he still wore his hood, I could tell by the way he held his hands and by the rigidity of his body that he was in immense pain. I could also tell from the placement of his hands what had happened.

The two guards laid the Dominant at my feet.

"Show me Gregor."

When he removed his hands, some of the members gasped in horror at the sight, while most laughed cruelly at poor Gregor's misfortune. None laughed more wickedly than the twins, and between sadistic laughter they taunted him in unison with even more sadistic banter. "Look at the itsy bitsy, teeny tiny dick! It's such an itty bitty pee-pee, now. *snicker* Poor Gregor better find a woman with a little dick fetish, or it's no more fucky-fuck for him. Yeah, a woman with a major, teeny tiny dick fetish. You won't even get a Chihuahua off with that teeny dick, Gregor."

Gregor was one of the few belonging to the club whose cock rivaled mine in size. What I now saw between his legs was an abomination compared to his former virility. His cock, once thick and long, was no more the size of a corn nubbin. It was beet red in color as if it burned with an internal flame, while a thick, yellow fluid wept and crusted about the tip.

Gregor looked up at me and pleaded in a raspy tone of pain, "Fix me Tiberius. You have the power. Please! I beg you, fix me!"

"Haven't I made it perfectly clear to everyone that Domina Gloria's pussy is not to be violated? Didn't you learn anything from when the last member tried to fuck her?"

"Please Tiberius. It was an error...an accident. It won't happen again. Please! I'm begging you, fix me!"

"I'm sorry Gregor. A curse is a curse, and I won't lift it. You knew my proclamation going in, and have no one but yourself to blame." Turning to the rest of the members, I said loudly over their nervous chatter, "Let this be a lesson and a warning to you all. If any of you attempt to fuck Domina Gloria, with or without her permission, this will be the inevitable result."

Turning back to De Vries, I inquired quietly, "How is Domina?"

"She's quite shaken up, Master, but other than that, fine."

"Very well, see to her needs."

"She's still hanging in leather restraints. Should I take her down?"

"No. It will be better for her if you keep doing things the way you were. See to her needs, and tell her I'll be along shortly."

Suddenly, I heard laughter break out, along with the sound of trickling water. Turning around I saw the reason for the laughter and the sound. The twins were squatting over Gregor's prostrate form and urinating on him. His leather hood and hair were drenched, and a large puddle was already spreading out from him along the marble floor.

I exploded, "Enough of these fucking outrages to me house! Get the fuck out of my sight, the both of you!"

Even though a heavy stream still flowed from them, they cut it off in an instant and fled into the gathered crowd when they heard my anger.

I said to the two guards, "Pick him up and cover him in one of our spare togas. Call a cab and have him dropped off at the nearest hospital. Not that there's much they'll be able to do for him, except maybe ease his pain. Make sure you use the back ally. I don't want any of the protesting idiots out front seeing his condition."

Karen slid up next to me, and said as she looked at the large, warm, puddle of urine, "What a mess. Slut! More clean up for that devilish tongue of yours!"

Having seen what actually happens at Roman Wilderness when someone breaks rules or disobeys, Slut didn't hesitate and began slurping up the urine.

Turning to a male slave, I commanded, "You, Antonius, help her clean up that piss. When you get most of it up, find Mr. Portnoy and ask him for a mop and bucket. I want the marble spotless and dry before we begin again."

"Yes Dominus."

As Slut and Antonius slurped up what urine they could with their mouths, I kissed Karen's cheek, and said, "We're such a cruel masters, aren't we my love."

"And it always makes me wet."

Smiling at her, I squeezed her ass playfully, and commanded, "Make sure you have Slut clean herself and wash her mouth out before we have our fun with her."

"Of course, my sweet."

"Good. Now I should tend to Gloria."

"Wait. The table. We were going to give you a reward."

"The moment has past, my love. She'll need my attention after what happened."

"What am I supposed to do while you tend to the snot?"

"You have free reign, my love. Anything goes. Remember? You and Denise should have Connor fuck your faces, after he fucks your asses."

"But I want you," she continued to whine. Seeing my exasperated look, however, she relented. "Alright. Fine. See to the little brat. But promise me you'll get her out of the spiteful mood she's in."

"You're not helping the mood when you rub her nose into her problems. So stop it!" When she lowered her eyes, I added, "Why don't you join some of Jackie's games while I'm tending this other matter. It will be fun for you."

Jackie chimed in, excitedly, "Yeah Karen, join me. Sara put a hold on the tit job contest. Now everyone can watch us. Let's both enter. It'll be just like the old days, you and me, side by side. And then, the battle of tits will begin, and it doesn't end until one of them comes."

Karen donned an annoyed smile, making it look more like a grimace. "First Tiberius and his Kubrick references and now you with Princess Bride, will my torments ever stop?"

Jackie smiled and winked at me.

Slut asked from her knees, "Domina, the floor is nearly clean. What would you like from me? Should I go with Dominus?" 

"He'll be fine on his own. Come find me after everything is spotless. I may need you."

Slut beamed the cutest smile, full of deference but with just a pinch of mischievousness, and said slowly, "As. You. Wish. My Domina."

"Really? All of you now? Slaves and courtesans alike. My nightmares are just beginning. Just fuck me stupid until I forget this fresh hell. "Okay Jackie, lead the way. And tell me what you have planned after the tit job contest?"

Jackie's voice faded as the two walked away, "You're going to love it. International Women's Day done to the song Calendar..."

********

Making my way to the back of the club was always time consuming. It wasn't the long walk through the cavernous grotto as much as having to stop and greet the members I met along the way.

All those I passed wanted to introduce themselves and pay their respects to me. As host, I felt obligated to spend a few moments with each person or group, shaking their hands and asking if they were enjoying themselves.

I was making good progress through the grotto, when I ran into Kento Nanayama, the Japanese industrialist, accompanied by a small entourage of friends and geishas. Kento was a regular at our satellite club in Tokyo. Usually loath to leave his native lands, even on business, he had made it a point of honor to come to this special gathering of Roman Wilderness when he received our invitation.

I spent some time talking with him and thanking him for finally visiting us. He marveled at the opulence of our club, and wished we would do the same to the one in his home city. I told him that would be out of the question, for he would never again honor us with his presence in the States. Although always having a serious look, even during heights of sexual revelry, Kento's face lit up with great pride when I told him that. Before leaving him, he begged me if he could buy Jackie's services for the Tokyo club. I just laughed and told him to ask her himself.

I continued on my trek through the grotto, and as I neared the entrance to the back rooms, a married couple approached me. I recognized them, but couldn't remember their names. Their arms were wrapped around a young girl's waist as she walked between them.

"Tiberius, such an honor," the husband said as they stopped in front of me, "Claude Wintergarden. You may remember my wife, Vivian."

The light bulb finally went on over my head. "Of course. Now, if I remember correctly, the talented Mrs. Wintergarden won one of Domina Jackie's contests a few months ago. Tell me Vivian, just how many men did you suck off to completion in those fifteen minutes?"

Vivian blushed at my praise, and said, excitedly, "Oh Tiberius, such an honor you would still remember. It was twenty-one. I even beat Domina Denise by three."

"My word! To blow that many stiff cocks in so short a time is astounding to be sure, but to best Domina Denise in a game of oral skill... Well, that record is bound to hold up for a while. Beauty mixed with that kind of talent is a rare quality, indeed. Claude is a very lucky man."

"Oh thank you, Tiberius," she responded, blushing once again.

"Now tell me, who is this charming creature accompanying you? Do I see a family resemblance?"

"This is our daughter, Sasha," Claude answered proudly. "She just turned eighteen. Both her mother and I are so excited we could bring her to Wilderness for her first time, and on such an important night."

"Greetings Sasha. Such a beautiful name for a very beautiful young woman." Massaging her young, firm breasts and putting the young girl in sexual blush, I added, "And I can see why your parents are so proud. Welcome and happy birthday."

Sasha responded breathlessly, "Thank you, Sir."

"Tiberius," Vivian whispered quickly as a correction.

"Thank you, Tiberius," Sasha repeated.

Winking at Vivian, I asked, "Tell me Sasha, have you been attending night school with your mother, learning all of her special oral tricks? It's rare to be taught by a supreme mistress of cocksucking."

Vivian answered for her daughter, "Oh yes Tiberius, Claude and I have been developing her talents over the past six months or so. We think she's quite good, but tonight's her real test."

"Wonderful! It's important to teach your children correct bed artistry when they're young."

Just then, one of the male slaves came up to us with full goblets of wine. Taking an offered goblet from the tray, Vivian asked, excitedly, "Tiberius, you would do Claude and me a great honor if... I mean... Can we have Sasha suck your cock? Or maybe you'd like to fuck her in the ass. She's turning into quite a little anal angel. Claude is astonished how tight she is, even after taking two or three large ones though the sphincter. Though, I don't suppose you have to worry about loose assholes with your member. How silly of me to mention that. Anyway, we would love to hear your expert opinion on our training."

"Nothing would give me greater pleasure my dear lady, but I must attend to Domina Gloria, and I like to remain fresh until I do. However, may I watch her suck off my slave? Could she do me that honor?"

"Of course, Tiberius," both mother and father responded with pride.

Mother primped at Sasha's face and hair for a moment, making sure she put her best foot forward, and then said to her, "Don't be nervous. Remember what I taught you, slow and steady with just the right amount of suction, and don't forget to tongue the head. And when you have enough spit on his cock, what will you do?"

Sasha rolled her eyes while answering, "I'll use my hand with my mouth, but not too much because that would be cheating. Mom, I've done this a million times already."

Vivian smiled, "I'm just making sure. It's important this goes well. The Emperor is watching." She kissed her daughter on the lips for luck, and said, "Now suck slave cock for mother."

The dutiful daughter dropped to her knees in front of the slave, lifted his still flaccid cock, and pulled it fully into her mouth. She continued holding his cock by the base while slowly bobbing her head. The slave's cock quickly hardened from her skillful attentions. When she felt that his cock could stand out straight on its own, she let go of his member and gripped his buttocks while continuing to bob her mouth along his shaft.

Her rhythm was unvarying, just an easy glide along his cock pushing her lips to a little passed mid-shaft, and then back to the base of the glans. Along with the easy glide, she added a little head tilt, tipping her head to the left when she pulled him in, and then to the right on the withdrawal. She never once pulled him completely out, keeping her lips tightly wrapped around the shaft. Even when a small drop of saliva escaped from the corner of her mouth, suggesting her mouth was being flooded with drool, she never let go with her mouth, finding a way to swallow while sucking.

Mother touched daughter's slightly sunken cheek, and said, "See Tiberius, just the right amount of suction to press the cheeks and lips against his shaft and head at the right moments. That's the secret to good cocksucking. Too little suction doesn't provide enough stimulation for the man, and too much could deaden the glans."

"Yes. Wonderful technique. You've taught her well. And how is she at eating pussy?"

Vivian smiled wickedly, and answered, "Almost as good as sucking cock."

"I'll have to introduce her to Vipsania. Maybe both mother and daughter can give my wife a treat together."

"Oh thank you, Tiberius. That would be a great honor for us."

The slave groaned loudly as Sasha brought a hand into play. Using a light grip, she slid her hand along his slickened shaft in long, slow strokes in coordination with her mouth.

It wasn't long before her technique was too much for the slave. Feeling his orgasm was imminent, Sasha abruptly slowed her head bob. Moments later, a thick trickle of cum emerged at the corners of her mouth, ran down her chin, and fell lightly onto her young breasts. She didn't release his cock until it went completely soft in her mouth.

I praised the young woman and thanked her parents for the demonstration before moving on.

As I made my way out of the pleasure grotto and into the specialty area, Ray Vaughn's The House is Rockin' was abruptly stopped, and replaced with Calendar Girl by Neil Sedaka. I just shook my head at the selection, particularly after cutting Stevie off so rudely in mid-solo, but I guess Jackie's International Woman's Day had finally begun.

**

Unlike the pleasure grotto, the back rooms of the club had muted lighting. It was just bright enough to keep from stumbling into walls or other members, but nothing more. The irregular illumination surrounding the specialty grottos produced a wonderful macabre contrast and atmosphere. Shadows danced in various corners as one moved along, and what with the various specialty rooms lining either side of the meandering main corridor, one got the flavor of traversing a carnival funhouse.

Right at the partition between the back rooms and the pleasure grotto, I had Portnoy construct about eight opened stalls, arraigned back to back. These stalls were used for glory holes. I always liked to stop for a moment to see the women—and men—indulging, dining...luxuriating on anonymous cock.

It's usually at the glory holes that I find Darcy and Lisa, but no such luck this time. Instead, there were two women I didn't recognize. Each were in a stall of their own with their backs to me, and playing with two cocks each—sucking on one as they stroked the other, then alternating.

A muffled groan from the other side of the partition signaled an inevitable climax. A cock that one of the women was stroking sent thick, hot jets of cum forward. The attending woman quickly latched her mouth onto the exploding member, sucking the rest of the orgasm out of her anonymous and temporary suitor. The hole was quickly filled with another erection when the sated man withdrew.

I heard a familiar voice yell from down the corridor ahead of me, "Mr. Hen...I mean Tiberius!"

I turned to see Cecilia running toward me. When she was near enough, she leapt into my arms and gave me a long, passionate kiss.

Putting her down, I asked, "I haven't seen you in over two weeks, my lovely. Where have you been keeping yourself?"

"You know, silly, on my honeymoon."

I slapped my forehead in mock embarrassment, and said, "Oh that's right. I forgot. Running the club keeps me so busy that one thing pushes out another from my cluttered mind."

She turned toward a fit, young gentleman who walked up beside her. "This is my husband, Deshawn. Deshawn, this is Tiberius."

Deshawn extended a hand, while saying, "Tiberius, this is a great honor and a great pleasure."

I took his hand warmly into mine, and said, "The honor and pleasure are all mine. Please forgive me for not attending your wedding, but things at the club have been so busy."
