 Lost in a Roman...wilderness of pain, and all the children are insane.

—The End by The Doors

********

I woke to the murmur of voices. The devotees and pain aficionados were starting to filter back into the Caligula Grotto.

Stopping abruptly in her tracks, a pretty and voluptuous young blonde with shapely legs—and rump to match—caught sight of Gloria and me resting together against the wall, and exclaimed, "Oh Tiberius! I... Ah... We... Ah, didn't see you and Domina. Please forgive the intrusion. We'll leave."

At almost any other time at Wilderness I would have taken delight in making the blonde choke on my cock as Gloria or Karen fucked her blind with a strap-on, but not now. I had another blonde to attend to.

"Come in friends," I urged with a laugh, "All are welcome. Please. Enjoy. Domina and I were about to leave."

"We were?" Gloria said, sleepily, as she kissed my neck.

"Come on. Up. No rest for the weary."

"Or the wicked it seems." Then looking down, she noticed a large, milky stain soiling both her purple toga and tunic, "Oh fuck, I can't walk around wearing that."

"Let's leave the outerwear for now. Later, we can find you something clean to wear. However, before we go..." I picked up her purple braid and tied it around her waist. "...to keep you from any more accidents."

As she readjusted the wide cord so that it hung loosely about her hips, she asked, "Where are we going?"

"The Domitian Grotto, they have a loose end I need to tie off."

She winced ever so subtly upon hearing of our destination.

"Distaste? Really?" I paused for a moment before adding, "But now that I think on it, it puzzles me you never visit the other bondage grotto."

She dropped her voice to a whisper, "It's not distaste. I visited there sometimes when we first opened the club. It's just... Nefertiti scares me a little."

I chuckled. "Nefertiti scares a lot of members. Mostly husbands. Don't worry, I'll protect you...I hope."

The Domitian Grotto was on the other side of the club from where we were. With our arms wrapped around each other, Gloria and I slowly made our way through the twisting walkways and corridors. Members that we passed along the way would always step aside, allowing us unhampered passage, and then bow. Even those engaged in sexual frivolities on the corridor floors or on sporadically placed furniture would stop what they were doing and pay their respects.

One such couple caught my attention, so I stopped to watch.

He was sitting on a simple, straight-backed chair, and she was on her knees giving him the most exquisite blowjob. What gave me pause was that he was very well endowed, even by the Club's standards—shit, even by my standards—but she had little trouble sliding his cock all the way down her throat to where her nose would touched his stomach. Even Gloria was impressed.

When the man finally noticed Gloria and me watching, he almost jumped out of the chair to pay his respects—and getting his cock bitten off in the process.

I put a hand on his shoulder and pushed him back down onto the chair. "Please, stay seated," I implored, "It's not every day I get to watch a true artisan at work."

I playfully squeezed Gloria's ass, and said, "That's the one thing I've been missing this whole year. Look at how deep she takes that cock."

She chuckled. She knows this is a sore spot with me, and never misses a chance to razz me about it. "It isn't your length that's the problem...well, maybe a little... It's the fucking thickness."

I hate it we people state the fucking obvious, and Gloria was doing it on purpose to tweak me. "I know all that...," I started to say, irritably.

Cutting me off, Gloria continued in a comically bland tone mixed with sarcasm, "Now the thickness is great for us in two respects. I mean, Jesus fuck me Christ, is it ever. Once we're used to its size, just push that thick tool of yours deep into our cunts, and to a girl, without exception, it's, 'Yippee ki yay, motherfucker, I'm your devoted slut for life. And Yee-haw, next time let's see what it's like going through the back door.' But we'll pretty much shit ourselves and run for the hills if you even think about pushing it down our throats."

"All women are selfish cunts," I joked, laughingly.

"It isn't selfishness. It's self-preservation."

I heard the man utter a loud groan. Looking back, I saw his back was arched and he had lifted himself slightly off the chair.

Hearing his groan, the woman pulled his cock all the way out of mouth, but kept stoking his slick shaft. Moments later, thick jets of cum forcefully shot deep into her still open mouth, and then shot across her lips, chin, and cheeks when she closed her mouth to swallow. As she continued stroking, he continued shooting creamy ropes until they dripped from her face as heavy strands. Toward the end of his climax, she closed her lips around his cock, sucking the rest out of him. She let a lot of the excess semen dribble out of her mouth so that it ran down his shaft and across her fingers for maximum visual effect. Once he was fully sated and soft, she then licked her fingers clean.

It was a near-perfect facial with an excellent finish.

"A true artesian, indeed. I bet she'd give Denise a run for her money" Gloria commented, "Makes me wish I had a dick. Well, shall we continue on, Tiberius?"

"Half a moment, my love," I answered, and then to the man, I asked, "Mind if we switch places?"

He practically launch himself to the ceiling, "Of course, Tiberius! This would be such a great honor for my wife and I."

Gloria rolled her eyes at his response. Sometimes the members' overtly sycophantic reactions to even a small request were a little annoying to her.

I was already hard as a rock when I sat down in front of her. She couldn't hide her excitement as she hurriedly tried to clean her husband's leftovers from her face.

I stopped her, "None of that slut. Leave it. I like my dirty sluts to stay dirty." Touching my cockhead to her moistened lips, I added, "Now, I don't want just any blowjob. I can get that anywhere in the club from any cunt. What I want is what your husband just enjoyed. I want you to take me deep. I want to feel your chin on my balls. You think you can do that for me?"

All the poor girl could do was swallow hard and look nervously up at her husband. The husband looked back at her, nodding his head vigorously and with a, 'Don't fuck this up now, bitch, it's the Emperor,' look.

Gloria was already getting impatient, "Come on, Tiberius. I know that look. Even she doesn't think she can do it now that it's staring her in the face."

"It doesn't hurt to try. And you will try, won't you my sweet?"

She nodded her head vigorously in response—just like her husband—causing some of the cum that was still hanging from her chin to fall to the floor.

I let her try for a good five minutes, but no matter how much encouragement me or her husband gave her, she could only get me in a little over a third of the way. At one point, he even tried pushing on the back of her head while I grabbed a lock of her hair and pulled, but all that did was cause her to gag up about a liter of thick, milky phlegm and bile.

After it was all over, Gloria lovingly ran her fingers through my hair while saying, "Poor Tiberius. That elusive sloppy blowjob will have to stay elusive a while longer. Well, maybe Lydia will be the solution to your problems."

I sat dejected for a moment, and then answered, "I doubt it, but it will be fun trying. It's been far too long since I played with her."

As we continued on our way, Gloria kept glancing up at me thoughtfully. Finally, she said, "I'm glad you're doing something with her after all this time. Everyone's noticed, and wondering why you've been neglecting her. It's become obvious to her that you're keeping your distance, and she's inconsolable in her sadness sometimes because of it. She wonders why you don't like her."

"I've never treated her badly."

"No. You just treat her with indifference, which is worse in some ways, and I don't understand why. Nobody does. Everyone loves her, Tiberius. She's sweet and pretty and lov..."

"I love her too," I interrupted, "It hasn't been easy for me to stay away from her as I've done. God only knows how difficult it's been ignoring the best sucker of cock I've ever known or heard about. And don't get me started on what I've missed not fucking her magnificent tits."

She laughed before commenting, "Yeah, I bet they're the only thing around here that can completely hide that dick of yours."

"Yeah? Well, I can hide it up your sweet ass pretty well."

"And am I ever glad for that."

"Anyway, I've had good reasons in neglecting her, to use your words."

"Care to tell me what those are?"

"I don't think I can make you understand."

She misinterpreted my answer as a dodge, and said with exasperation, "More of Tiberius' secrets."

"They're not secrets. Vipsania knows, maybe ask her. She's better than me in explaining things."

As Gloria and I made our way deeper into the specialty areas, we felt the humidity jump up a couple of notches, and which was accompanied by the fresh scent of chlorine. We were closing in on the bathhouses and pool area, and Gloria was too enticed to just walk by.

"I need a shower, Tiberius, and so do you. Especially after that slut regurgitated that gallon of cum she swallowed tonight all over your dick."

"You just want to freshen up for Nefertiti."

She smirked, "Maybe."

"The place is sure to be packed with watersport devotees," I warned.

"I don't care. We really need a shower."

Both bathhouses were full up. Not a shower space or bench were free from members. I noticed very little 'cleaning' was being done, however, as most of the occupants were chiefly fucking and sucking under the warm spray.

To the left of us, a tiled corridor leading to the communal toilets was lined with about a dozen men and women, all kneeling and fondling themselves. These were the watersport devotees, waiting for those with the urge to use the bathroom to run their perverted gauntlet.

"What a zoo," Gloria commented, as she scanned the room.

A couple under one of the nearest showerheads to us recognized Gloria's voice, and abruptly turned to face us. "Tiberius. Domina Gloria...," the man sputtered.

"Would you mind if Domina and I took your spot? My ward feels the need for a shower. We'll only be a minute."

"Of course, Tiberius. It's such a great honor that we can do this favor for you."

Gloria got under the shower, careful not to get her hair wet. Grabbing a bottle of body wash off a utility shelf, she commented with slight irritation, "I wonder if you asked him to let you fuck him in the ass, would he still call that favor a great honor?"

Taking the body wash form her, I said, nonchalantly, "Why not? It would be a great honor to be fucked in the ass by the Emperor, don't you think?"

She laughed, and said, "Yes, I suppose it would be for some; although, honor isn't the first thing that enters my mind when you start greasing up my asshole."

The warm spray was invigorating as I got under the shower with Gloria. We spent some time soaking, and then lathering each other up. To give the members a show, Gloria loved lathering up my cock and stroking it to full hardness. Nothing would come of it. It was just a visual tease she liked to inflict on the others. Occasional one or more of the ladies—and even some of the men—would ask if they could just touch my cock, or even give it a little kiss. Gloria would agree as long as they provided her some oral service. She was becoming quite a fan of rimming, and rarely passed up a chance to have one of the other members press their tongue between her buttocks with exuberance.

She had one foot braced up on a bench as two women admirers were simultaneously working her over in the front and back, when a look of discomfort came over her face. Abruptly shooing the two women away, she took off for the bathroom, and saying with some urgency, "Oh fuck, I have to pee!"

"Ah yes, warm water and a full bladder makes for a very...fluid situation. I warned you."

She flipped me off as she hurried away.

No sooner had she started down the corridor toward the toilets, when most of the devotees caught sight of her and began pleading for her 'attentions.' They loudly begged her with outstretched arms, acting just like tattered vagrants in the streets of old, begging for a few tokens of silver from a passing aristocrat.

She met their pleas by waving her hands and arms as a 'shooing' gesture, and continued to march forward. However, Imperial urine being what it was and obviously at a premium, the beggars would not be deterred. They closed the gauntlet around her, stopping her progress.

Irritated by their selfish behavior, Gloria hauled off and slapped three or four of the vagrants closest to her across the face. They back off her a bit, but only momentarily as they crowded around her again. And again, Gloria slapped the closest kneelers across the face.

Still, they wouldn't move back. Finally Gloria threw up her arms in frustration. Then, pushing her hips forward, she opened up her labia with her hands, and let go with a heavy stream right into their waiting faces.

It was actually kind of erotic watching my sweet, once innocent, Gloria uncharacteristically pissing on their faces, and taking careful aim with each one so that her warm stream landed within their waiting mouths. And such a look of joy was plastered on their faces as one after the other accepted their Domina's heady gift.

I was drying off when she got back to me. Taking a towel from a slave, she began drying while commenting, "Fucking degenerates. Wouldn't let it go. I've never asked, but how come you let them get away with this shit? Harass people just trying to get to the bathroom."

"I don't think they would have put hands on you. They eventually would have let you pass if you'd been patient."

She laughed, sarcastically, "It's hard to be patient with a bursting bladder."

"I think that's the strategy, delay and exacerbate. Anyway, Portnoy and I tried stopping them early on when we first opened the club. There were even fewer of them then, so it should have been easy to put a stop to it, or so we thought. Unfortunately, the heart wants what it desires and does whatever it can to get it. They found other ways and in other areas of the club to get their deviate little hearts off. So, we eventually gave up and let them have a part of the bathhouses. It's better that they do it in here than in the pool."

"How do you know they're not?"

"I don't, really, but they're not obvious about it."

"How come they don't beg you to piss on them?"

"They know my feelings about it. Most have learned not to test my patience. Ready?"

"More than."

As we neared the final corner to the Domitian Grotto, I was hit with another scent, the strong odor of female arousal.

"Hmm, I think I smell Pris."

Gloria laughed. "Come on, you can't smell her. What are you some sort of bloodhou..." Then it hit her. "Holy shit! That's incredible!"

"Yeah, she's been stewing for quite some time. If I wasn't so pissed at her, I'd have a grand time sinking my cock into her now, sloppy, dank mess of a mish, while listening to her scream in pleasure."

"I would be disappointed if you did."

Her words gave me pause. "Do I sense animosity? You don't even know this woman."

"I know the type. That cunt should feel nothing but pain."

"Maybe I should let you mete out her punishment."

When we turned the corner, Gloria's foul mood quickly turned to laughter as she caught sight of Pris. The Sisterhood had neatly folded her over and secured her in the head, arm, and leg stock, and then positioned the table so that her ass humiliatingly jutted well out into the corridor, and exposing it to the wanton lust of any passerby.

I happily noted that Pris looked to be in even worse shape than Raven. Of course, her cunt had been stewing for a much longer time than Raven's. Her flesh, limbs, fingers and toes—her whole body really—was visibly quivering and shivering in abject sexual torment. A trickle of clear arousal dripped from her pussy, forming a large puddle on the floor below.

I also saw that Nefertiti took the necessary precautions of posting a guard; thus keeping passerby's from poking an errant finger or tongue into Pris' now, hair-triggered clit, and accidently triggering an orgasm against my orders.

The guard was one of the Sisterhood.

The Sisterhood were essentially six or seven member slaves that belonged exclusively to Nefertiti, of which she referred to as 'pets.' All of her pets went topless, sporting only a dog collar for dress above the waist. They also wore the white with black trim shendyt wrap as a skirt; although it was a traditionally Egyptian male form of dress. The Egyptian attire was capped by a wig of short, straight, jet black hair, along with heavy black eye liner and shadow.

Depending on her mood, Nefertiti herself, either wore a tight fitting kalasiris, the traditional dress of ancient Egyptian women, or the leather under-armor and short skirt of a Roman Tribune. Tonight it was the under-armor. She never wore lingerie, so the bottom of her enticingly firm buttocks seductively peeked out from beneath the skirt. Many a man made the mistake of patting that tempting ass without permission, and paid for their insolence by being strapped down to the stocks until they begged to be pegged by the Sisterhood.

She had her back to us, and was monitoring the remaining Sisterhood gathered in a circle around a well-built, middle-aged woman who was positioned on all fours. Each member of the Sisterhood was taking turns fucking the older woman with a strap-on, while another of Nefertiti's 'pets' was in front of her having her pussy eaten. Occasionally, Nefertiti would bark some order, and all the Sisterhood would shift over and take their turn either fucking or getting licked by the captive.

I said loudly, drawing their attention, "Trying to enlist another convert into the Sapphic, I see. Don't convert too many Nefertiti, we still need a goodly supply of women for my pleasure grotto."

Nefertiti didn't say anything at first, and just turned to face me with a sly smile.

Her beauty was mesmerizing in ways too numerous to list. The first thing one notices, however, was the unique way she wore her hair—or not wear it—as she trimmed it close to the scalp where only a short stubble was evident.

Her velvety skin, which was, as far as I could see, without flaw or blemish, was the color of coffee lightened with just a touch of cream.

Her most distinguishing feature, however, were her almond-shaped eyes. They were the color of sandalwood, and when she highlighted them with dark eyeliner, they appeared truly mystical—a venerable Egyptian queen resurrected from antiquity. Whenever she stared at you, those eyes hinted to a deep, inner fount of mischievousness intelligence and ancient wisdom.

Locking those beautiful eyes onto mine, she walked regally toward me, while saying, "My domain is honored by your presence, great Tiberius." She turned her eyes downward, to stare at my waist. "And sans tunic, no less. If we must speak of converts then your mere presence is enough to convert any woman to the other side and away from me."

We brushed cheeks, as was her usual greeting to me. Being the original hard-edge lesbian, she would never allow herself to be kissed or sexually touched by a man, including myself.

Turning to Gloria, she continued her greetings, "And here is the lovely Domina Gloria at your side. Tell me my precious, where have you been hiding? It's been too long since I last entertained you."

She punctuated her words by taking Gloria's face in her hands and kissing her sweetly, yet firmly. Gloria didn't embrace Nefertiti, keeping her arms at her side, but she did reciprocate the kiss as they romantically passed their tongues between them.
