 I was sitting in a small holding cell. I was alone. The bed was hard and the toilet stainless steel. I was dressed in a baggy orange jumpsuit. I had no memory of getting to the cell or of why I would be there.

On the wall at the far end of the larger room where the holding cells were located the clock read 10:18. Since sunlight was coming through the window I figured that meant it was 10:18 in the morning.

The door under the clock opened and a man dressed in a dark gray uniform came in. He had the look of authority. I couldn't remember why I was in the cell or where exactly I was. He walked to my cell and said, "Mr. Walters, please follow me." 

He opened the cell door and I followed him. We went out the same door he had entered and down a long hallway. At the end of the hallway he opened a door and bid me enter. As I stepped through the door I realized we were in court. Sitting up high behind the oaken bench was the judge, a woman who appeared to be in her fifties, wearing a navy blue robe. The two lawyer's tables each had a single person sitting at them and four people sitting behind them in the audience. The four women sitting in the audience were all familiar but I couldn't quite identify them. All of the people in the court were women. The man who had escorted me to the courtroom had not entered.

"Mr. Walters, please sit at the table to your left." The judge said. I did as she asked. When I sat the woman sitting with me at the table leaned to me and said, "I'm Marsha Kings, your lawyer. I'll do the best I can for you."

I didn't say anything. Hell, I didn't know what I had done or even how I got here.

The gavel hit the block on the judge's bench and we were officially in session. The lawyer at the other table called out the name of Carol Walters and one of the four women seated in the audience stood up. She walked to the witness' chair and after being sworn in to tell the truth, she sat down.

"Ms Walters, how long have you known Mr. Walters, the defendant?"

"We met January third, 1997."

"And married?"

"April 14th, 1999."

"Children?"

"Two. Carolyn and Sara. Carolyn is twenty-two, Sara is twenty."

"Have either of you ever been married before?"

"Objection. Calls for a conclusion about someone other than herself."

"Rephrase or move on." The judge said.

"Have you ever been married to anyone other than Mr. Walters?"

"No."

My head was swimming. The woman testified we were married. I didn't recognize her as my wife. She said we had two daughters and I couldn't remember anything about daughters or being married. What was going on?

My lawyer leaned to me and handed me a note. It read: "Your memory has been blocked. Everything testified to, is true. Relax."

Blocked? How? Why?

The witness supplied details of our marriage. I started wondering what I was charged with and what the penalty might be if I was guilty. The details were details.

She supplied a detailed diary of our sex life between 1997 and three months ago. How many times we had coitus, which positions, any and all unusual sexual activities and my requests for oral sex over the years. She even had notes about the three times our daughters had caught us having coitus and my reaction each time. I was surprised I wasn't careful enough to not get caught by the daughters I didn't remember having.

My lawyer asked MS Walters no questions.

The next witness called was Carolyn Walters. She looked a lot like the first witness except this one was younger. Both were trim and dressed nicely, blond and showing lots of leg. Neither had a big chest but I didn't think chests were my thing, anyway. 

The younger MS Walters testified that from the time she was sixteen she had made efforts to seduce me and to flaunt her body in front of me to that end. She testified that I had uniformly rebuffed her advances. 

"Exactly, what did you do to provoke a sexual response from your father?" The lawyer asked.

Carolyn opened a notebook and read: "In May 2018 our family went camping at Carpenteria State Beach in California. I made sure I was nude when Dad entered our tent. I made no move to cover myself. He backed out of the tent and went for a walk, alone. In June of the same year I entered the shower at home while he was showering. Instead of touching me or anything he got out of the shower. His penis did react favorably to my nudity but he did nothing other than become erect."

"Are those the only two incidents?"

"No. In 2020 I snuck into bed with Dad when Mom was visiting our grandparents for three days. He got angry when I touched his penis. He demanded that I not sleep with him. On the second day he awoke with me sucking him and became even more angry. He did not come to bed the third night. Just before Thanksgiving that year Mom took me shopping and we bought things that both Mom and I thought might help weaken his resolve."

She produced pictures of her wearing various outfits. Even from the distance I was from the photos I could see how sexy they were and how good Carolyn looked in them. A buzzer went off. The judge looked at me and said, "Mr Walters, are you becoming aroused?"

Before I could lie and say "No" my lawyer grasped my erection and said, "Yes, your honor, he is."

She dismissed Carolyn from the stand and called me to the stand. I went. I swore to tell the truth and all that. The judge motioned me into the chair.

"Mr. Walters, can you explain your strange behavior?"

"Your honor, I don't even know that it's my behavior. I have no memory of the things testified to here today."

"If I tell you that the woman who was sitting up here testifying was and is your daughter will you believe me?"

"Yes. Why would you lie?"

"I don't. Carolyn, stand here before your father."

She came from the audience and stood in front of the lawyers tables.

"Take off your dress, please."

Her hands went behind her back and I heard the zipper sliding down. She shrugged the dress off her shoulders and stepped out of it. A lawyer took it from her and put it over a chair. She faced the judge and me in a pale blue bra and thong, thigh high stockings and heels. The buzzer sounded at the first twitch of my cock. The judge had the buzzer shut off.

"Mr. Walters, it is obvious you find her attractive. Why won't you touch her?"

"She's my daughter."

"That is old thinking, Mr. Walters. The law now encourages parents to see to the full sexual education and training of their children. Did you, personally, see to the sexual education of Carolyn?"

"I do not remember. If my recollection of my beliefs and attitudes is accurate, I would believe that I did not."

"How do you feel about giving oral sex, cunnilingus, to your wife?"

"I believe what she told you is probably the truth. I have no memory of sex with her of any kind but thinking about licking her down there is not something that I like the thought of."

The judge spoke to the room when she said, "I love the new drugs that inhibit memories but not the truth. They are making my job much easier."

She turned to me. "In the thirty-one years you have been in an exclusive relationship with your wife you have had coitus with her 1333 times. That works out to just less often than once a week. In the same thirty-one years she has sucked you off, to completion, four times and you have tasted her juices directly... never. You have ignored your duty to your daughters. The judgment of the court is clear. You are guilty of neglect of your sexual responsibilities."

I sat there wondering what the punishment might be for that.

"I will hear from the two lawyers in chambers and when I return will give sentence." She stood and walked out. The lawyers followed her. I sat in the witness chair looking at my wife and daughters. They were crying. Carolyn had not redressed. She sat beside her mother in bra and thong. Every time I looked at her I was glad the judge shut off the buzzer.

"Carolyn, may I ask you a question?" I asked.

"Yes, Daddy."

"When the judge left, why didn't you put your dress back on?"

"Because I want you to see me. I want you to want me. Every daughter wants her father to love her. When she changes into a woman she wants him to desire her. I want you Daddy!"

"Oh. I didn't know."

"We know that Daddy. We didn't know how else to get you to take care of us."

"You too, Sara?"

"Yes, Daddy."

The other woman sitting with my wife and daughters was also crying. Suddenly it hit her that because of the drugs I didn't know who she was. She looked at me and said, "I've loved you longer than they have, I'm your younger sister, Pat. I've hungered for you to see me as a woman ever since I was eleven. Far as I know, you never even peeked at me when we were in high school. I want you to love me, too."

The door opened and the judge came back with the two lawyers. My lawyer was smiling. I hoped that was a good sign.

The judge had me go back to sit at the table. Then she had my lawyer and I stand.

"It is the judgment of this court that Mr. Walters must begin a restitution program. Beginning today he must have coitus at least once a day, and give cunnilingus five times a week. When fellatio is offered he needs to accept. I want a report from at least the four women here in court as to his sexual activities each week for the next two years. Their reports can be tendered in writing or by text or email to my clerk monthly at a minimum beginning at the first of next month."

She paused.

"Mr. Walters, have you ever given cunnilingus to someone?"

"No, your honor."

"Carolyn, since you are almost nude already, please come forward and put yourself on the lawyer's table in front of your Dad. MS Carter, would you please show Mr. Walters good technique for cunnilingus?"

"Yes, your honor." My lawyer stripped out of her suit coat and silk blouse. When Carolyn was on her back on the table in front of me MS Carter sat between her legs and showed me how to eat pussy.

I watched as what she did had a profound effect on Carolyn. She thrashed on the table. She pulled her bra off and pulled at her own nipples. She repeated the word, "Yes!" often. I watched as MS Carter's face became covered in juices from Carolyn. I heard the wet noises from both women and saw how Carolyn kept looking at me.

"Mr. Walters, take off the jump suit.' The judge said. I took it off. My cock sprang forth and Carolyn's eyes got big.

"Have coitus with your daughter, Mr. Walters."

MS Carter moved out of the way and used her hands to help my cock enter Carolyn. As I slid into her channel she looked at me and said, "I love you Daddy. That feels so good!"

I looked over and my wife, sister and younger daughter were crying. My eyes closed and I concentrated on the feelings of being inside Carolyn. Her legs wrapped around my middle and pulled me in deeper. "Fill me Daddy! Give me more of the seed that started me!"

It was enough! I unloaded into her. Holding her hips and thrusting as deeply as I could I bellowed! I froze and held very still as my cock pulsed inside her. When I felt my cock start to wither I sat in the chair and put my face into her pussy. My juices and her juices flowed out of her and I sucked them all in. As I ate her I bumped her clit often enough that she came twice more before she screamed, "Stop Daddy or I'll die!"

I looked up and my wife was nude on the other table, her legs wide and motioning to me. I walked to her and sat between her legs. She tasted differently than our daughter. Stronger. Her odor was stronger too. By the time she was having her first oral orgasm with me I was hard again. My sister was on her knees beside me sucking on my cock.

I stood and bent my sister over against the table. She pulled her dress up, baring her ass to me. Her hands guided my cock into her cunt. She pushed back against me and soon we were fucking like old familiar lovers. When she came she screamed my name. When I came I'm sure I sounded like a male lion. The judge banged the gavel down and said, "Case dismissed. Get the fuck out of my court."

That was a year ago today. Two days after court my memories came back. By then I had bedded my daughters, my sister and my wife. In the year I have eaten eighteen different pussies, filled eleven different pussies with my cream, loaded five asses at their request and have been sucked off by nine women. My wife and daughters have started me in a new business. I eat pussy for women who aren't getting enough at home. 

I don't know why I felt as I felt before the new laws concerning sexual responsibility were passed but now I understand where the need for them came from. Men who didn't understand how important they were to the mental and physical health of those around them. I didn't know either how enjoyable sex could be once I included the family in the fun.