 Saban

As I needed less sleep than Anita, I woke early. I had once again wrapped her in tentacles while I was sleeping. Slowly, carefully, I unraveled the tentacle cocoon, hoping she wouldn't wake before I was done. 

She didn't like it when I wrapped her up like this, but it was kind of a reflex. The demon in me wanted to be sure she wouldn't get away while I slept. Anita did not find that amusing. Nor did she like it when, out of habit, I tried to pin her down while I fed. Up until now, anyone I fed from was likely to try to get away, and I just couldn't get the more basic parts of my mind to grasp that this was no longer the case. 

It felt so right to hold her like this, so close to my heart, I reflected while I convinced a recalcitrant tentacle to retract. So near, so soft, so warm. The smell of her... I could never get enough of her scent. 

Anita stirred as I pulled the last tentacle away, making a soft noise. I froze, and did not move again until I was certain she was deeply asleep once more. The final tentacle gone, I sighed and pressed my face into her hair. Gods, I loved this woman. Another tentacle reached out of my back to wrap around her wrist. I glared at it until it went away. 

The morning bell rang. I tensed, expecting any minute to hear an imperious voice demanding that I let her up and find her clothes. Anita stirred, but did not wake. 

Last night must have really worn her out. I felt a bit guilty. Last night had been all about me enjoying the fact that Anita was still alive. I had been very demanding. I probably should have stopped when the orgasm counter reached half a dozen. Stimulating her further had been pure indulgence. 

I wondered what I should do now. Anita doubtlessly had plans for today, and she would be very annoyed if I let her sleep. How should I wake her up? An idea occurred to me, and I smiled. 

Gently, I slid my arm out from beneath her neck. That done, I slipped off the bed, careful not to make it move about to much. I rolled Anita slowly onto her side, and pulled the covers down off her slender form. 

Her pussy, revealed by the sliding covers, looked delicious. I held myself back, pulling open her flower gradually to reveal her moist pink center. I ran my tongue softly over her entrance and Anita, still sleeping, moaned. 

I decided to make a game out of how aroused I could get her before she woke up. I was slow and careful, with plenty of pauses while I waited for Anita to settle back into sleep. Soon she was dripping wet. I shifted to her nipples for a while, getting them nice and hard and moist before I returned to her dripping pussy. Gods, I wished I could slide my tongue into her and feel her muscles tense and flex against me. I wanted it so bad I could taste it, but I followed the healer's orders. 

I wanted lick her roughly, urgently, but that would wake her up. Holding myself carefully in check, I continued my slow stimulation. I could tell from the taste of her pussy and the feel of her magic that she was close to cumming. She was so very, very close, but she still slept. I wondered if I could make her cum without waking her. 

Apparently not. As I pushed Anita over the brink into orgasm, her eyes slid open. "Wha-" she began, looking down at me. 

Then she screamed. I held her hips as she writhed, keeping her pussy nice and close to my mouth as I continued to stimulate her. She came again. And again. Making her cum was easy now that I was no longer trying not to wake her. I just made my tongue vibrate. 

I only made her cum six times before I let her go. She went limp, gasping. "What the fuck, Saban?" 

I smiled and kissed her on the forehead with lips still wet from her pussy juices. "Good morning." 

*

Anita

Washed and dressed, with Saban's idea of a wake up call still fresh in my mind, I entered the great hall. A large number of wizards were already there. I saw all my classmates, a lot of older journeymen, some of the higher level apprentices, and, up on the stage, ten of the thirteen Master Wizards who ran the Kerath Order of Wizardry. I'd never seen so many Masters in the same place before. Or so many journeymen. Apparently they'd called in most of the wizards in the kingdom to deal with the rogue demon threat. 

And apparently all of these wizards had been waiting for me. Master Evona beckoned me to join her on the stage. "Now that Demon Lord Saban and Journeyman Wizard Anita Kirith are with us, we can begin. Now, we've banished two of the demons who got through the portal," Master Evona said while I lowered myself onto one of the two seats on stage that had apparently been left for Saban and I. "Two out of upwards of a dozen. I'm hoping that with Demon Lord Saban helping us now, we might have more luck. Any thoughts, Journeyman Anita?" 

Me? She was asking me? In front of all these wizards? I froze, and my mind went blank. And I'd thought the trials were bad. 

Saban came to my rescue. "What has been tried thus far? Any particular search pattern? What spells have you employed?" 

"We've done a standard grid search pattern around the castle. We've been using De'Traci's Demon Detector, but, unfortunately, the range of the spell is very limited," Master Evona told him. 

"How limited?" Saban asked. 

"Something like a 100 foot radius," one of the other Masters said. "Depending on the wizard casting it." 

Saban made a dismissive noise. "I can sense every demon near me within a quarter mile. I also have some ability to track a demon's residue." 

"Residue?" another Master Wizard asked, looking at Saban with interest. "What sort of residue?" 

Saban shrugged. "The kind of residue demons leave behind? I don't know the technical aspects." 

The Master looked like he had more questions, but Master Evona raised her hand. "I'm sure we'll have time to investigate Saban's unique abilities later, Master Tensu. Lord Saban, could you turn into a horse or a dog and search the area around the castle? Perhaps with Journeyman Anita?" 

"I could do that," Saban said. 

"Or he could fly," I added helpfully. 

Immediately I wished I hadn't said anything. Everyone was staring at me now, including all ten of the Master Wizards, and Saban looked annoyed. 

"Interesting," said Master Evona. "I had not known demons were capable of flight." 

Saban shrugged. "Most demons don't consider flying to be a pleasant activity." 

"I see. I would understand completely, Lord Saban, if you decide to keep both feet on the ground," Master Evona said. 

Saban shook his head. "No, I'll do it." He looked at me. "If Anita wants me to." 

And now everyone was looking at me again, and there was whispering among the crowd. I blushed. 

Estries raised his hand. "I can fly, too. I'm not sure what my sensing range is, though. And I doubt I could carry someone while flying like Father can." 

"Could you turn into a horse and carry someone?" asked Mistress Evona. 

Estries shook his head. "Horses are too big. I can't get any larger that this. Not yet." 

"Then you will be accompanied by a wizard on horseback," Mistress Evona said decisively. She pointed. "Journeyman Vira. Would you be willing to travel with Estries?" The woman nodded, and Mistress Evona continued. "You'll search together, then. Can you control other demons yet, Estries?" 

Estries shrugged. "I haven't tried." 

Saban spoke up. "He should be able to control one or two demons, if they're not too strong.."

"Good." Mistress Evona pointed out some more journeymen wizards to join the group. "That should be enough to flush any demons Estries senses, and, once he's close enough, he should be able to hold them long enough to allow dismissal." She turned to Saban. "I've had the other journeymen and apprentices searching the area in groups. Can you think of any more efficient way to track the demons down?" 

Saban nodded. "Yes, actually. Eventually the demons will have to eat. Go to all the local villages and see who's missing, or could be missing. Track them down with magic. Anyone who's still alive, who hasn't just wandered off, will lead you to a demon. If you find any dead bodies, call me. I might be able to learn something from the residue on the corpse." 

*

The meeting took over an hour as the day's search was planned and everyone was given their assigned tasks. Saban gave plenty of advice on demon behavior. Eventually, to my relief, I was alone with Saban once more. 

We stood on the lawn of the castle. "You ready?" Saban asked. 

I shrugged. "I guess. Can you hold me differently this time? I want to be able to see the landscape below us." 

Saban nodded. "I can do that. Stand there, and hold out your arms." He took a few steps backward, and began to run. As he picked up speed, his body shifted and changed. Wings grew, and, as they began to take the weight of his body, his legs retracted and his body folded back in on itself, leaving something that looked a lot like an octopus. An octopus with bat wings. Saban circled around behind me. I held out my arms, and he gripped me under the arms and around the waist, tightly securing me against his body and then lifting me skyward. 

Saban slid a tentacle between my legs, allowing him to support my weight that way. The tentacle shifted and slithered, rubbing against my pussy, until I smacked it. "Later. Right now, I need to be able to focus." Although the idea of having sex in the air was intriguing. 

We'd gotten pretty high, although not as high as the first time I'd flown. The goal was to scan the area, not cover the ground as swiftly as possible. I looked down at the village below me. I could see all the people, so small. Their houses looked like toys. We left the village behind, moving out over the fields. From up here, they looked like a patchwork quilt. I smiled. 

We were following the road that led to the capital. What once took me several days by horseback would now take less than eight hours via Saban. We'd be there with enough time to circle the city once before turning in for the night. 

After this, we planned to make a slow circle back to Rowan by way of another major city and several towns. Saban expected the demons to stay close to civilization. Humans were, after all, their major food source. He also didn't expect them to move too quickly once they were away from Rowan. They didn't really have anywhere to be, and demons tended to be lazy. 

We passed over the edge of the fields. Now, instead of fields of wheat and barley, there were trees beneath us. They looked like rough cotton, I thought with a grin. This was incredible. The whole world, spread out below me like a three dimensional map. I patted one of Saban's tentacles. "I love this. There's so much to see." 

Saban purred like a cat. The rumbling started to focus unger my crotch. I began to feel warm. I smacked Saban's main body, centered right behind my head. "Saban... Cut it out." Saban's purr decreased from a stimulating rumble to a soft hum. "Thank you," I said. 

A rather startled looking hawk passed by on our left. I laughed. "Saban, do you think you could dive? Like a hawk?" 

In answer, Saban's wings folded. I shrieked in delight as we plummeted toward the ground. Saban curled a wing, and we began to spin. I gasped. Just before we would have hit the trees, Saban's wings snapped out, and our downward motion arrested. I laughed. "Again!" 

*

Three hours later, flying still hadn't lost its charm. I could see so much! And, if I got bored with the view, I could poke Saban as ask him to do a trick. He could do things I'd never seen a bird do, like loops and swirling downward spirals. I had to be careful what I asked for, though. Eventually that sort of thing would to make me nauseous. 

Saban poked me with a tentacle. "What?" I asked. A stalk eye peered at me, and then fixed on the ground ahead of us. Saban poked me again. "Do you sense something?" I asked. Saban's stalk eye bobbed. "Ok, then. Take us down." 

This time as we dove I didn't yell. It would be better not to give any warning. Saban's wings snapped out, stopping us just above the treeline. Then, slowly, he took us down through the branches. 

My feet hit the ground first. I felt Saban shifting behind me, and then his hand rested on my shoulder. "Stay here," he said. "I'll bring it to you." I felt him shifting again, and then a pony sized dog trotted out from behind me. It looked back at me, and I could almost hear Saban saying, "Stay." Then he ran off. 

I decided to cast De'Traci's Demon Detector, just to make sure nothing snuck up on me. Then I sat down at the base of a tree to wait. 

*

Saban

I raced through the forest, panting slightly. I tried to blank my mind. Don't think, just react. That way, the other demon couldn't sense me coming. My thoughts quieted, and for a while I just ran, letting my sense of the other demon draw me like a magnet. 

I saw it, through the trees. It was in the form of a deer, and it was looking the other way. Good. I closed in on my prey. It heard me, and turned, but too late, too late. My mind snapped out, ensnaring its will. With a soft cry, the demon froze. 

With my prey caught, all the things that made me who I was came racing back into my mind, breaking the cold, clear blankness I had wrapped myself in. I shook my head, driving out the last of the empty space in my mind, and looked over my prize. 

If I had found this demon on a normal hunt in the demon realm, I would have considered it a good day. It was strong enough to be worth keeping, and flush with power if I wanted to drain it instead. I let my tongue hang out, and grinned. 

Then my brow furrowed. There was something... I brushed my mind against the demon's again, questing. There. It looked like another demon lord had tried to mark this demon, and failed. The flawed mark was in the process of fading, but it wasn't quite gone. And that meant... I growled. Anita was not going to like this. 

*

Anita

I was just starting to get bored when the demon detector pinged. Two demons, approaching quickly. I stood, shielding in case this wasn't Saban returning with the captured demon. 

Unless some other demon had decided to look like a black dog the size of a small horse, it was Saban. He was herding another demon, which was in the shape of a deer. They can to a halt in front of me. Saban nudged the other demon closer to me. His tongue was hanging out of the side of his mouth, and he had a big doggy grin plastered all over his big doggy face. "Good boy," I said, letting my shield drop. 

Saban chuckled, and began to shift, rising up onto his back legs to take the form I knew and loved. Change finished, he smiled. "Good boy? Seriously? If I didn't love you, I might be angry about that." 

"If you didn't love me," I countered, "I would be long dead. Did you have any problems?" 

Saban shook his head. "I didn't have any problems, but there is an issue." 

I frowned. "What?" 

He poked the other demon, which shifted uneasily. "This guy has about half a mark on him." 

"Half a mark?" I asked, puzzled. "You can have half a mark?" 

"Usually, no," Saban said. "Marks either are there or they're not. But, sometimes, a demon lord will start marking a demon, and, for whatever reason, not finish the job. Then there's only a partial mark, which fades away." 

"I'm not sure I get how that's an issue," I told him, brow furrowed. "The mark won't prevent me from dismissing the demon, will it?" 

"No, it won't," Saban said "The issue isn't the partial mark itself. It's what the partial mark means. You see, partial marks fade very quickly. For this to still be visible to me, it has to have been made within the past three days." 

I frowned. "But that means..." I gasped. "That means a demon lord has crossed over! Oh, that is not good." I pulled out my mirror. "I need to tell Mistress Evona, now."

Unfortunately, Mistress Evona's mirror was already occupied, and the link failed. She was coordinating the search, so she had a lot of people to talk to. I dismissed the demon, and then tried again a few minutes later. This time, she picked up. 

"Anita? I'm assuming this means you have been successful," Mistress Evona said as the fog cleared. 

"No. Well, yes, actually, I have been successful, but that's not why I called you," I stammered. "We've got a problem. Saban thinks a demon lord might have come through." I explained about the mark. 

Mistress Evona frowned. "The demon lord is likely still nearby, yes?" 

Saban leaned over my shoulder. "Possibly. As far as we know, it doesn't have a reason to leave the area." 

Mistress Evona nodded. "Then you and Anita need to circle the area. Move gradually further out, covering as much of the surrounding forest as you can before nightfall. If you find the demon lord, do not engage. Keep it within sensing range, and contact me. When the sun sets, make you way to the capital for the night. Mirror me in the morning. I'll give you further instructions then." 

*

Saban

Anita yawned. "Well, the sun has set. Time to turn in for the night." 

I turned toward the capital. We had spent the past hour or so looking for the demon lord, with no luck. Apparently he had left the area. Or she. It, maybe. Gender was not a physical thing for a demon. Many demons preferred one sex or another, but some did not. 

I'd heard some humans didn't have a preference, either, or changed preferences, or thought of themselves as a third gender. What really got me, though, was the fact that some humans thought of themselves as a different gender than their parts would indicate. I was a shapeshifter. The idea of being stuck in a form that didn't fit horrified me. 

I put that out of my mind. There wasn't any reason to dwell on unpleasant things. Instead, I focused on the rising moon. It looked very pretty. 

When we reached the capital, Anita gasped. "It's so beautiful! All the lights. Like stars. Look at the ones flowing through the streets, Saban! Like a river of tiny sparkles." She sighed. "So pretty." 

She was in a very good mood now, and our business for the day was done. Plus, Marian had lifted the no penetration rule. Perhaps... I slid a tentacle into her pants. 

She smiled. "Oh, all right. I suppose." 

*

Anita

Saban sighed happily, and the tentacle in my pants began to vibrate and stroke my clit. Another tentacle reached up under my shirt to grip a nipple. I gasped. A third tentacle reached down through my top's neck hole to grip the other one. I felt Saban shift to free my pants, and then slide them down around my ankles. I felt a bit nervous with Saban only gripping my shoulders, but he knew what he was doing. He would never drop me. Soon, my pants were out of the way, and his tentacles slid back to where they had been. 

It felt kind of like doing it in public, even though I knew there was no way anyone would see us up high in the dark. They might spot the glint of Saban's eyes, but nothing beyond that. I groaned as Saban's stimulation increased, and looked out over the city once more. It was just so beautiful. Like a scattering of fine gems on black velvet. And I was up so high, and I felt so good... It was amazing. 

Now I was wet, dripping wet. I wondered, with sudden concern, whether I might be dripping on someone. Then Saban thrust into me, and all concerns were lost in the feel of him inside of me, pumping in and out, rubbing my g-spot with relentless power. I moaned, caught in the moment, almost paralysed with pleasure. I was so full. And the city was so beautiful... 

As I came, Saban dove, hurdling us down toward the city below. The rush was amazing. Undescribable. He pulled up well before the rooftops, still out of sight, and we hovered as I finished cumming, rising and falling with every beat of Saban's great wings. Saban, as usual, insisted on multiple orgasms. 
