 Chapter 1: Overcloned

Streek shambled into mess room of the Star ship and yawned. The strong aroma of coffee hit him and he moved toward the coffee machine. Ben had already made a pot of coffee, which only involved pressing a button on the machine.

It was just past nine hundred hours, Standard Galactic Time. While traveling in through space you couldn't tell what the time was without reading clocks, it would even be hard to tell if it was supposed to be morning, afternoon or evening.

Streek poured himself a mug of hot coffee. Ben was nowhere to be seen again. They were into the third day of their five day trading mission, transporting Star ship parts to New Heidi and Streek had barely seen his Captain since they set off. 'He's in his workshop again, working on something.' 

When they had the Apollo Creed, Ben spent most of his time in the cockpit. Now they flew in the Clubber Lang, which had a room Ben had made his workshop, where he tinkered away on various projects.

Streek was glad to have the new ship, the Lang was twice the size of the Creed, which was only a small shuttle. It was faster, better defended and had a larger cargo hold, but they were still small time in the scheme of things.

Streek didn't think he would have been able to fly in the Apollo Creed anymore anyway, it carried horrible memories for him and Ben. It was two years ago when Ben had tried to take the shortcut through unprotected space and things ended pretty badly for them. 

Streek and Ben never talked about that day, and Streek had done his best to try and forget that it happened. The Apollo Creed was damaged beyond repair, and things got pretty hard for them for a while.

Ben didn't despair though, he got an idea and he got to work. He sold the Apollo Creed to a scrap yard and then managed to go into debt even further, buying a small mining craft. 

The mining craft was even more cramped and more crappy than the Creed, it didn't even have a name, other than the ID number NC-6964 painted on its hull. Streek called it "The Trashcan", because it smelt like one. 

Ben and Streek went out and joined the 'Bull-Ants', prospectors who flew small, often barely space worthy mining crafts, swarming around and fighting over the crumbs of valuable minerals that the large mining organizations left behind.

They would both work long hours and barely make any scratch though, the debtors were becoming more insistent, and the other Bull-Ants weren't too friendly either, they weren't welcoming of more competition.

It turns out Ben had an ace up his sleeve though, he had spent many long hours developing a computer program that gathered information and predicted where mineral rich comets and asteroids were going to be. Both of them were surprised when it actually worked and the buyers were surprised the first time they came back with a hull full of silver ore. 

Both men were overjoyed when the Trashcan started bringing in good money for them, pretty soon their debts were payed. Their success didn't go unnoticed however, soon there was a swarm of Bull-Ants following them whenever they went out and once again they were fighting over crumbs at their mineral hot spots. 

The exercise had started to become barely profitable again and they were getting quite sick of the tiny, smelly mining craft. So Ben and Streek decided it was time to give the Bull-Ant game away and become traders again. 

Ben shopped around for a while before he found a modified Namcorp Hauler he fell in love with and christened her 'Clubber Lang', another strong foe the legendary Rocky Balboa of pre-warp Earth defeated in combat. 

Ben got to work creating a new program which predicted trends in market prices and showed the best trade routes. So far it had proven moderately profitable. Now they were on their fourth trade mission since buying the Clubber Lang.

Streek got himself a bowl of cereal and went and sat down at the table. He got up the news on his TAB and skimmed over the headlines, "Pirate activity on border planets on the rise", "Power price blowout predicted", "Earthquakes in Junossi VI kill 128". He navigated to the comics. 

Ben came into the mess room "Coffee, coffee, coffee," he said to himself.

"Morning Ben," said Streek looking up from his comics. 

"Is it?" asked Ben, he looked at the time in the corner of the screen on the wall "Oh yeah." He had dark rings under his eyes.

"Were you up all night?" 

"Yeah, guess I was," said Ben as he poured himself a coffee, emptying the pot and getting the dregs.

"What are you working on anyway?"

"Uh, it's a surprise." 

Ben took a sip of coffee and screwed up his face "Ugh, needs sugar." He turned around and opened the storage compartment and fumbled around. Streek looked down at his comics.

"Coffee, coffee, coffee."

"Hey, what are you doing? I told you to stay in the workshop!" said Ben, annoyed.

'Who the hell is he talking to?' Streek wondered as he looked up, his eyes went wide and he let out a gasp. 

There was another Ben in the room. Ben was still standing at the counter with the coffee cup in his hand, and there was another identical Ben by the doorway. "I don't take orders from clones! Did you take the last of the coffee?" said the Ben by the door.

"You're the clone, you idiot."

"Hey, that's my coffee cup, give it here!"

"Fuck off! Go back to the workshop!"

"Ben?" said Streek puzzled. 

Both of them turned to Streek and simultaneously said, "What?"

"What the fuck...?" 

Streek couldn't tell them apart, both were stocky young men with short, messy, sandy blonde hair. They wore the same dark blue track pants and white shirt with the band name 'Quadrilogy' emblazoned on it, and both had dark rings under their eyes.

"I cloned myself, buddy," said the Ben by the door rather casually.

"I cloned myself, you're the damn clone!" said the Ben with the coffee cup.

"...and my clone doesn't seem to know that he's a clone."

"Cos' you're the damn clone."

"Ben...?" said Streek. Once again both answered simultaneously, it was a little unnerving the way they did that. Streek didn't know which one was the original Ben and it seemed neither did they. "How the hell did you clone yourself?"

The Ben by the door looked like he was about to say something but the one with the coffee spoke first. "I met a guy at that spacer bar in Brandona, he had a piece of Alien Tech for sale, asked me if I was interested. I got it for a steal. Turns out it was a cloning machine, took me a little while to figure it all out."

"I bought the Alien machine in Brandona! You were created last night!" said the other Ben.

Streek couldn't believe it, Alien Tech! Ben had bought Alien Tech on board, it was like the shortcut all over again. Ben had acted with foolish recklessness and he kept it secret from him because he knew he would have objected. The Federation was zealously hunting down every piece of Alien Tech out there and severely punishing those who have anything to do with it. 

"Ben, you fucking idiot!! What have you done!!?" Streek didn't know which Ben to be pissed off at.

"I got a great deal on it man, you have any idea how valuable this kind of tech is? I had to test it out!"

"He needed some sucker to dump it off on because he knew the Feds were closing in on him. Now they're going to catch us with it and send us to the prison planet Piranese for the rest of our lives, you Cockhead!"

"Whoa, Streek, you need to relax." said one of the Bens.

"That's exactly what you told me when you were taking the shortcut, and look how that turned out! We need to jettison that damn machine, the sooner the better!"

"Whoa there, let's not do anything..." Ben was interrupted by a pinging alarm that signaled thirty seconds until they reach a way-point and drop out of hyper-warp. 

The Ben with the coffee cup put it down on the bench. "If you're not a clone then you would know the name of the system we're coming up on now." 

The other Ben looked at him coolly. "It's the Moranda System, Dickhead!"

"You must have read that somewhere."

"Yeah when I set the flight plan!"

"I set the flight plan, you stupid clone!"

"I'm getting sick of this conversation." said Ben as he walked past his other self toward the cockpit.

"Hey you better not sit in my Captains chair." called out the other Ben, going after him.

Streek pushed his cereal and his TAB away, he wasn't in the mood for them anymore. He pushed his coffee away too, he didn't need to be even more jittery. He was still furious at Ben. He was also quite curious. 

Streek got up from the table and made his way to Ben's workshop. Ben was a messy worker, tools and parts and screws and bolts were strewn all over the several bench tops, a strange oily smell filled the air. 

Then Streek saw it in the far corner, it was unmistakably Alien design. It was a large pod that stood eight feet tall, it was a silvery color that was almost luminous and it had no straight edges at all, each curve seemed impossibly smooth.

"Wow!" Streek mouthed quietly. He slowly moved closer to it, admiring the machine, it seemed as much a piece of artwork. 

Streek saw that Ben had wired up a TAB to the bulky base of the machine in order to interface with it. He must have been spending all that time in here working out how to speak with the Alien computer so that he could use the machine. Ben was like a genius with that kind of stuff. Unfortunately, he could also be a stupid risk taker.

Streek waved his hand over the TAB and a holographic text screen appeared. "ENTER COMMAND", it read in bold green letters. "I don't think I want a clone," said Streek to himself, "I'd probably just fight with it like Ben." 

Then Streek spotted a book on the floor near the alien machine, it was an old fashioned hard copy book, with paper. He hadn't seen a paper book before, except in a museum he once visited. He knelt down and picked it up. "Alien Hardware unit X0064, Lab Report, by Doctor Lewis Gascoyn." It read on the cover. 

Streek flipped through the pages; Atomic Bio-scan, Deep Brain Atomic Bio-scan, DNA analyzer, Nanobotic Reconstruction, Creation of Life, Nano-Mechanical Bio-Regeneration, Civil Threat Level." 

'This is some kind of instruction manual.' Streek thought as he flipped through it further.

Streek read Doctor Gascoyn's descriptions of the Alien machine. Apparently it takes input from three sources; a Full Body Scan, a Brain Scan and a piece of DNA. Then it needs some mass equal to the weight of the clone, any matter will do, the scientists were using bars of iron. 

Billions of Nanobots then get to work inside the Pod, rearranging the atoms of the matter into a biological copy of the scanee. They even copy clothing and equipment, experience and memories. Streek saw the result in the mess room, no wonder the clone thought it was the original, it had all of Ben's memories. 

Most wondrous about the machine was how it was able to grant the clone life. It seemed the scientists had barely scratched the surface of finding out how it works.

A bold heading caught Streek's attention, "Making Modifications to the Clone." He read on, and discovered that there was a way to change chromosomes in the clone during the nano construction process. This could theoretically 'fix' genetic defects of the scanee and make the clone of superior genetic health. 

Streek's interest had peeked when he read that it would be a simple matter to switch the XY chromosomes of the clone. A smile crept over Streek's lips. 'My own female clone. I would create her, so she would belong to me. I'll keep her on the ship and I can fuck her whenever I want. At least until the Federation get us.'

Streek was getting excited about it now, he waved his hand over the TAB connected to the Alien machine. "ENTER COMMAND." Streek flipped though the book and then typed in, "INITIALIZE."

"BEGINNING BIO-SCAN." A small round globe popped out of the base of the machine and a light passed through Streek from head to toes. "That's pretty freaky," said Streek.

"BEGINNING BRAIN-SCAN" said the words on the screen. A bright light shone into Streek's eyes and then everything went black.

***

Streek slowly came around again. What had happened? What did the brain scan do to him? The first he noticed, was that he was in a small, enclosed space. Somehow he had gotten into the Pod. It was open at the front. Then he saw himself standing in front of him. 

He was still a little drowsy as he watched himself watching him, it was like a mirror, but much more surreal. 'My clone,' he thought, but wasn't his clone supposed to be female? "Damn, it didn't work." he murmured, his voice seemed different.

"No. it looks like it worked pretty well to me," said his clone. "You're not half bad."

"What?" Streek rubbed his head, he had a mild headache. The other Streek came closer and grabbed his chest, it immediately felt different. It felt strange. The other Streek had hold of the big breasts that were attached to his chest. 

"WHAT THE FUCK!!" said Streek reeling back in shock. He looked down at himself, there really were a pair of big round boobs sticking out in front of him under his vest and T-shirt.

"Easy girl, just calm down!" said the other Streek.

"GIRL?" Streek cried out in shock, he immediately moved his hands down to his crotch and was horrified to find that he couldn't feel his dick and balls. "NO!" he cried out. This can't be happening!"

"Hey just relax, it's all right."

"This machine was supposed to make a girl for me, not turn me into one!"

"You're just a little confused 'cause you got my memories. Come and have a seat, let me get you something." the other Streek smiled and offered his hand.

"No, get the fuck away from me!" Streek pushed past him as he got out of the Pod. His other self stood a little taller than him, had he shrunk? He looked down at himself again and shook his head. "I can't believe I'm the fucking girl clone!" 

The other Streek put his hand on his shoulder to comfort him. Streek immediately knocked it away, "No, get your hands off of me. I know exactly what you want, you think I'm going to be your sex slave."

"No, come on baby, it's not like that." said the other Streek smiling, "...Come on, just have a seat and calm down."

"No, Fuck you!" said Streek and he started running. He ran right out of the workshop. His new big breasts were bouncing in front of him as he went. Out in the mess room it seemed Ben's arguing with his clone had developed into a fist fight, but he didn't stop to watch. Streek ran down the corridor and into his quarters, he could hear his other self calling after him. 

Streek closed the door and put in the command on the console to lock it. He slumped down against the door and let out a groan. What had he done? 

He moved his hands up to his boobs, they were a proper handful, he lifted each one, feeling the weight of them. "What am I supposed to do with these?" he said softly to himself, surprised again by his different voice. 

There was a banging on the door behind him and his voice came from the other side, at least how he used to sound. "Hey, open up the door, come on Baby, don't freak out!"

"No, piss off! And don't call me Baby!"

"Come on, I just want to talk to you, I won't try anything, I promise."

Streek didn't believe it, 'I would create her, so she would belong to me. I'll keep her on the ship and I can fuck her whenever I want.' He had thought that himself. 'He will try and rape me, that's what I was going to do.' 

Streek shuddered, I'm not going to let that bastard touch me. Then he thought it weird that he was thinking that about himself. 'Perhaps I can reason with myself, explain what happened.' He thought about it for a bit, 'No, he would put his hand on my leg and say, "You're just confused because you got my memories, now let me stick my dick in you!"

"Come on open up, It's my room." called Streek from outside the door. 

Streek ignored him and got up off the floor. At the opposite end of the room there was a large rectangular view-screen. It could be used as a window displaying what was outside, but there would be nothing to see but black if they were in hyper-warp. Streek assumed that they had jumped out of the Moranda system by now, though he didn't feel it. 

Currently the view-screen was cycling through various 3D posters of hot, scantily-clad young women, as he had set it to do. Streek approached the view-screen, he had to see. 

"Command: Mirror," he said. The smiling blonde bimbo disappeared and a 3D image of another girl came up on the screen, she was wearing Streek's clothes, and was standing in his quarters, and had a surprised expression on her face.

"Fuck me!" said Streek, taking in his new appearance. His hair was the same, brown and straight, coming down to his shoulders, the long hair seemed to suit the feminine face he now had. His eyes were the same too, a deep dark brown. He rubbed his chin, It had been rough with stubble earlier, now it was smooth and hairless and smaller.

The image in the mirror looked like it could be his sister, if he had one. 'A female version of me.' he thought. 

He was still wearing the clothes he had put on this morning; the brown vest he always wore and the black DVDA T-shirt under that, but now his fat melon breasts were pushing out from underneath it. He also had his grey, pocketed spacer pants and comfortable white sneakers on, though they now seemed loose and the pants were too long.

"Command: Display height and weight." A bright light quickly flashed from the wall and then numbers appeared on the screen. "Height: 162cm, 5'02", Weight: 66kg." 

"Drakk! I have shrunk." He used to be Five foot four.

The big breasts kept drawing his attention as he looked at his reflection. He could feel the weight of them on his chest. He took off his vest and then slowly lifted his shirt until it was up over his boobs. He stared at them in the mirror for a while. They were perfect, big and perfectly round with cute pink nipples, if he were still male, the sight of them might have made him hard.

"Command: Uh...display boob...um...display bust size." Another flash came from the wall and then, "Bust: 34DD" was displayed on the screen. 'Did I modify the chromosomes to make the boobs bigger?' he wondered, 'That could be something I'd do, I like big tits! though I'd never had to wear them!' 

Streek wondered what other modifications he might have made to the clone, he couldn't remember anything after the brain scan. Then he suddenly remembered something, "My dick!" His pants were loose so they easily dropped down, so did his boxer shorts. 

He looked down at his crotch and then stared at it in the mirror in disbelief. His dick was really gone, there was only a patch of dark pubic hair where it used to be. His eyes followed the curves of the groin down underneath, and he could see an indent.

"Pussy," he said. He let his fingers wander down there, they brushed over the soft pubic hair where his dick should be, and then brushed along the slit underneath. This was what he wanted, this was what he did it for, to get some pussy. Now he had it, but not in the way he imagined. 

His fingers rubbed harder at the little slit, it felt quite nice. An exploratory finger pushed its way up inside his female body. He could feel the warm, sensitive flesh gripping around his finger. It was strange, feeling mild tingling sensations coming from his vagina for the first time. He wondered what it would be like to have sex as a woman. Then he slipped the finger out again. 

He regarded his whole body in the mirror again. He was definitely a 'She' now. 'I'm not bad looking,' she thought, 'a slender young brunette with big boobs, the type of girl I like.' 
