 Harriet Kono wrote notes in her I-pad journal under the file heading 1:23. 

*Donny Steven's recent vocalizations, Elsa, awesome, clowns. 

*Test subject Kent Orlando, under for three hours two minutes. 

*Test subject Donny Stevens under for fifty four minutes. 

Harriet checked her laptop to see if her messenger avatar had made contact with the test subjects. Negative. There was nothing to do but wait and she was never good at that. To occupy her mind, she went back to tinkering with the 3.0 version of the Brain Tube. The latest hardware Imperial Corporation had sent her was surprisingly versatile. It seemed made to interface with her old version of the Brain Tube yet allowing for upgrades with ease. 

As she hooked up the new Brain Tube to the main computer to run a diagnostic, she worried of what the effects her Brain Tube was having on her test subjects. She wrote more notes 

*Do psychological profiles on Kent and Donny. 

A few seconds later she added one more. 

*Do psychological profile on self. 

Her eyes followed the coaxial leading from the main helmet to the auxiliary version on Donny's head. She walked over and smoothed out a lock of loose hair on Donny's forehead. Harriet had dated Donny back in Ohio and she had to admit that it had been a happy time for her. The guy was a total stoner but he was smart and imaginative ... especially in bed. 

Donny had been awed by the fact that Harriet was pure Japanese. He confessed that she was his first Asian girlfriend. His racial interest in her thrilled her just as much as it did him. She tried to recall why they had broken up? Harriet was sure she was the one who had called it quits. Her eyes went back to Kent. Unlike Donny, he was a total jock with hardly a brain to speak of but boy was he easy to look at. Tall, dark with an athletes firm body. Harriet recalled a drunken outing where she was dared by Donny to go rock climbing topless. She did it and Kent had been there. The memory of Kent's eyes on her never failed to turn her on. With a half smile, she ran her hands over Kent's steely erection ... gripped it ... slowly stroked it. She bent her head to take him into her mouth ... her lips brushed the head, her tongue darted out and licked the tiny pee hole. She jerked her head back. 

To her dismay, she had Kent fully exposed. She didn't recall approaching him let alone` pulling out his thingy. 

A sudden knock at her lab door made her scream. With a racing heart, she stuffed Kent's stiff cock back in place, zipped him up then raced around the partition to answer the door. It was close to five so it had to be the janitor guy coming to clean up. She threw open the door ready to send the guy on his way only to find a slim well dressed woman with a dark complexion staring at her. Indian? Middle Eastern? 

"Did I hear a scream?" the woman asked. She had a mainland accent, northeast coast. 

"Um ... no ... may I help you?" Harriet asked. The area of her lab were Kent and Donny laid was block from view by the partitions. To play it safe, Harriet stepped out into the hall and shut the door behind her. 

"I'm Lidia Kenda sent by Corporate," The woman said extending her hand. 

As Harriet shook it, she rolled her eyes internally. She had just gotten off the phone with her boss Lee Imperial so no way was this a casual drop by. 

"I'm in the middle of a thing right now," Harriet said. 

"You're testing your 2.0 version of the cerebral enhancer helmet?" the woman asked with a spark of interest. 

"We call it the Brain Tube," Harriet said. "I REALLY have to get back. 

From a canvas shoulder bag the woman pulled out a device that looked a lot like the auxiliary helmet on Donny's head. "It won't working and we don't know why," the woman said. 

"I'll look at it and call you when I free up some time. Goodby Ms. Kendra," Harriet said as she closed the door. 

The woman stiff armed the door and said, "It's Kenda." She gave Harriet a cold stare and then said, "Lee has cutoff all parallel projects including the one I was on. You are the only one standing. All funding and support is now yours. I've been assigned to you." That last bit made Lidia's mouth tighten. 

"Come in," Harriet said repressing a smile. 

******** 

Kent Orlando, third string front guard for the Honolulu University basketball team rode his gray horse at a breakneck speed. Alice Mihara was way ahead on her black stallion followed by Ygritte from the Game of Thrones on her shiny brown horse then came Nefertiti Ulamat on her white pony. Lucky Kent held the rear. The riding party had left the stone gully at the crack of dawn and now raced through a field of blood red grass. 

"War of the Worlds! H.G Wells!" Kent yelled finally realizing were the red grass was from. Everything in this world was lifted from his imagination and experiences. War of the Worlds was one of the few books he had read and the ever present red grass was an image that had stuck with him. No one could hear him yelling of course let alone care. 

Up ahead, Alice had reached the rocky rise poking above the shoulder high red grass. The plan was to get to the crop of rocks and make a stand there. The word STAND made him think of General Custer and every one knows how THAT turned out. 

Kent looked behind him, the gang of orcs riding on the backs of giant wolves were closing. He kicked his heels to get his horse to go faster. "Wish I never saw the fucking Lord of the Ring movies," he said. Ahead, Ygritte made the rocks, dismounted and freed her bow. Kent looked back, the wolfs were closer. An orc rider, scarred, tattooed, ugly as sin, had his sword out close enough to strike. 

"Fuck me!" Kent yelled. 

A muffled bang sounded and the orc fell from his mount and hit the ground with a violent roll. Kent looked ahead, Neffie had picked off the rider with her Dirty Harry handgun but the riderless wolf kept coming snapping at the flanks of his horse.  

"Shit!" he yelled. Then the wolf went down, Neffie had scored again! "Thank you Nefertiti!" he said. Neffie and Kent reached the crop of rocks and dismounted. 

"How many are there?" Neffie yelled. 

"Don't know," Alice said calmly looking through the sight of her energy rifle. 

"Why are they attacking?" Kent asked as he got out his only weapon, a crowbar named Russel. "Thought we all have one common enemy in Kate!" 

"You want to set up a parley? Serve some spice wine?" Ygritte asked as she readied an arrow. 

The orcs split in two groups and encircled the rock cropping whooping and hollering. The three women let loose as one. Three riders and one wolf went down. It was Ygritte's arrow that had downed the wolf. "The mounts! Focus on the mounts! You get two with one shot!" Neffie and Alice took her cue and targeted the mounts on their next shots. Since he had no shooting weapon, Kent stood in the circle of women feeling useless and on top of that was heart numbing fear. Were the woman afraid? If they were they didn't show it. Alice was particularly deadly with her energy rifle letting off small concentrated bursts. Three dismounted orcs came at them from Neffie's side. Neffie put two down quickly with deadly head shots. Kent flinched at their violent dispatch. 

"Gotta reload!" Neffie yelled as she slipped behind Kent. 

She expects me to to keep her safe, he thought in a panic. He took a couple of steps to the side to keep the charging orc's attention on him. No problem since his six foot plus frame made a nice big target. The orc came right at him. Then insanely, the orc tripped and stumbled mid charge. Kent sidestepped and swung his crowbar at the orc's head, his hands stung from the sudden impact. To his amazement, the orc went down. Still in a panic mode, he brought the pry end of the crowbar sharply down on the back of the orc's neck. It twitched once but that was it. Neffie had reloaded and put two slugs into a wolf's head. Mounted and unmounted giant wolves circled them in the now trampled red grass. The shooting weapons made the attackers leery so they kept their distance. If they balled up and charge as one Kent and his party were doomed. 

"Out of arrows!" Ygritte said. 

"About out of charges," Alice said. 

"Me too," Neffie said. 

Ygritte dropped her bow. "It's hand to hand," she said as she pulled out her sword. 

Kent picked up the dead orc's sword from the ground and held it out to Neffie and Alice. 

"Too big for us," Alice said, "bet you can swing it though." The orc sword was heavy in his hand but it felt right. Kent handed Neffie the crowbar. The circling orc's sensed the shift in tactics and closed in. Most were on foot as the women had seriously culled the number of wolves. Neffie took aim at a wolf with a rider and both hit the dirt. 

"Out!" Neffie yelled holstering her gun and swung Russel up to bear. 

The head of a particularly large orc vaporized in a pink mist. Alice had fired her last shot reducing her her rifle to a futuristic club. 

The orcs came at them in a rough cautious circle. 

"Let them come to you Kent Orlando!" Ygritte yelled. "They're trained at this you're not! Don't attack, defend! You might get out alive." 

Defense, defense, defense," Kent chanted like this was a full court press only with swords, blood, broken bones, spilled guts and death. 

A screaming orc came right at him. The temptation to swing his sword loomed grand in his head. "Defense," he whispered and held his ground. Kent brought his sword up to absorb the attacking blow, sparks flew from where the blades met, the jolt stung Kent's arm. He's gonna fucking kill me on the next blow Kent thought for sure. Miraculously, he blocked the next blow too. Expecting an attack from Kent, the orc overcompensated and staggered forward a little. Kent slammed his scimitar like sword at shoulder blade and neck. The meaty thump that followed was satisfying and nauseating. The orc screamed and lurched back. They're gonna swamp us Kent thought almost blandly as two more orcs came his way. He wondered if he would wake up back at Harriet's lab after he was killed? Screams that sounded like angry birds seem came from every direction. The charging orcs stopped, fell back then scattered into the tall red grass. 

"What the hell?" Kent asked relived but confused. 

"Something scared them off," Alice said. She had found herself a nasty looking short sword. From the rock stand, Kent could just make out the heads of the orcs scurrying around in the tall red grass. Something ... a bunch of somethings, were running them down. 

"Did you call for help?" Neffie asked. 

"Not consciously," Kent said. 

"You fought well," Ygritte told him briefly pressing her cheek against his right bicep. 

"Um ... thanks," Kent said at the compliment although he had near shat his pants. Wisely, he kept that little tidbit to himself. Alice had a mean cut on her forehead. He laid a hand on the cut and made it go away. Healing another was the coolest thing ever. 

"Thanks," Alice said gripping his hand and delicately kissed the palm. Neffie hugged his briefly. 

Screams and shouts came from the tall grass all around them. Whatever was chasing the orcs was killing them. Kent felt sorry for them. ... almost. He looked down at the orc he had killed with his own hands. River Tam had said ... sometimes killing was fun. He crouched and removed the orc's helmet and put it on his own head. A few feet away he saw a fallen bow on the ground and went to check it out. 

"Kent!" Neffie yelled. 

Kent heard the roar and turned just in time to see a wolf leaping at him. He braced for the impacted and the bite that was sure to follow. Something came out of the red grass knocking the wolf aside. A pathetic dog whine followed then silence. Standing over the fallen wolf with its teeth sunk in the thing's throat was a lion as big as a horse. The lion opened its jaws and narrowed its eyes at Kent growling deep in its chest. 

"Gentle my Baby," came a female voice from the red grass. A tall blond woman dressed in buckskins hefting a spear stepped into view. 

"Who is this?" Ygritte asked. 

Six velociraptors with bloody jaws slunk out of the tall grass and formed a protective circle around the woman. 

"I am Ayla of the Clan," the blond woman said. 

"Clan of the Cave Bear?" Alice asked. 

"She looks nothing like Daryl Hannah?" Neffie said. 

"Never saw the movie," Kent said, "I read the second book because it had a lot of sex in it. I don't remember dinosaurs in the book though." 

"PLEASE tell me that this isn't some twisted Wilma Flintstones thing with you?" Neffie asked with a roll of her eyes. 

******** 

"How do I look?" Elsa the beautiful animated Disney queen asked. She wore a silver molded breast plate with matching helmet over a fine woven chainmail shirt and hood, below she wore a metal and leather pleated skirt and laced leather boots. Overall her outfit had a French Joan of Arc flair. 

"Like a warrior queen," Donny Steven's said. 

"Too bad you don't have a sword," Sasha Grey said. "It would be the perfect accessory." she stumbled a bit. Donny caught her arm to steady her. "Oops," she said still a little drunk from all the champagne she drank. 

Elsa extended her right hand. The air sparkled and just like that she held a shimmering sword made of ice. 

"Cool," Donny said, "but won't it melt?" 

"It's carbon ice. It will gas out not melt and that will take a while," Elsa said. 

"The others await you Queen Elsa," said the leader of the dozen killer clowns left behind to form her escort. 

The door that lead to Harriet Kono's fold outside Elsa's animated realm loomed before them. "I hate it out there," Elsa whispered. The queen shut her impossibly big blue eyes, took a deep breath and stepped through the door. Sasha and Donny followed, the clowns took up the rear. Out in the mundane hall, all transformed into non animated forms. 

"Wow," Donny said to the queen. For some reason she was the splitting image of the actress Reese Witherspoon. 

"My eyes are too small and my waist is monstrous," Elsa said jumpy with nerves. 

Sasha laughed. "As standard non animated human chicks go you are gorgeous." 

"And you are still drunk Lady Grey," Elsa said. 

"Perhaps, but I'm also right," Sasha said. 

"This way," the lead clown said. 

In Elsa's animated world, the clowns' features were considerably softened, almost funny in fact. But in the fold proper, they went back to the standard grotesque and nightmarish. One of them said to Donny, "Gonna eat your face stoner boy." 

"Stop threatening him you poop heads," Sasha said. 

Most the clowns laughed at Sasha's drunken defense of Donny. 

The walls and ceiling of the hall suddenly iced over as the temperature dropped considerably. "Leave him alone," Elsa said happy to vent her bad mood on the clowns. 

"Knock it off!" the lead clown bellowed to the his cohorts. 

In brooding silence, the mixed party marched down the long hall. They eventually entered into a large room dominated by a huge conference table. Seated at the end was Lovecraft, head clown in charge wearing camouflage fatigues in ridiculous colors of purple, light-blue and pink. Were was he gonna hide with those colors Donny wondered? Party City? Seated at the table were other clowns dressed in mock military costumes too. Particularly garish was the one dressed as Napoleon with his hand in his waistcoat, his hat and outfit an unholy mixture of lilac and teal. 

"Welcome Queen of cold," Lovecraft said standing and bowing. He pointed at the empty chair at the other end of the table opposite him. "Ms. Grey you can sit here." Lovecraft pointed at an open seat next to him. 

"I sit with the Queen," Sasha said "You out," Sasha pointed at a clown dressed like an old English navy admiral in bright prison orange. 

"Give up the seat, Barker," Lovecraft said. 

The vastly fat Barker, made disgruntled sounds as he got up and took the seat next to Lovecraft. 

"Um ... were do I sit?" Donny asked. 

"You don't," Lovecraft said. A clown dressed like a Russian Cossack leaned in and whispered into Lovecraft's ear. "This had better be important," Lovecraft said as he accepted a cell phone. "Talk to me Shelley ... when did they show up? Who are they looking for? Bring them up." he handed the phone off. "Barker, get up, give your seat to Mr. Stevens." 

"Why you picking on me?" Barker complained. 

"Because you fucked my sister," Lovecraft growled, "Give the dweeb your seat." 

"Fucked your mama too," Barker mumbled as he gave his seat to Donny. Donny was the only one who heard and even though the clown scared the shit out of him, the comment still made him laugh. 

"You say something?" Lovecraft asked Barker. 

"Not a thing," Barked said giving Donny a wink. 

"This idleness is vexing," Elsa complained. "Are we going to war or not?" 

"We ARE at war," Lovecraft said. "The only reason we are still standing is because KHT has a full plate. Kent Orlando's fold is putting up fierce resistance and somehow Nefertiti Ulumat's fold is surviving too. The longer they hold's out the better it is for us. I just got word that two entities, Natasha Romanoff, from Kono's fold and Yukio from Nefertiti Ulamat's fold left here hours ago and have encountered KHT directly. They have returned with interesting news." He looked at Donny. "According to them, Mr. Stevens might be important after all." 

"Of course he is you ignoramus!" Sasha yelled. "HE is from Harriet's world!" 

Elsa stifled a laugh at Sasha's drunken outburst. 

Lovecraft gave Sasha a look of death. 

The door opened and in marched Natasha Romanoff and Yukio accompanied by a tall really scary looking female clown. Both Natasha and Yukio were bottomless. 

"I thought you guys had called that shit off," Sasha asked pointing at the pair's nakedness. 

"They showed up this way," the female clown said with a shrug. "Not that I'm complaining." She gave Natasha a toothy yellow smile. 

"In your dreams, Shelley," Natasha said. "The bottomless crap is off?" she asked. 

"For the duration of the war," Lovecraft said. 

Yukio cussed in Japanese. 

"Lovecraft, could you PLEASE order up some pants for us," Natasha said. 

Lovecraft waved a hand and a dwarf size clown dressed exactly like him in rainbow fatigues slipped out of the room to do his bidding. 

"Tell us what you know," Lovecraft said to Natasha. 

"Yukio and I went to the aid of a mutual friend, Nefertiti Ulamat. As you all know, Nefertiti is one of the few in world entities that has her own fold. Yukio is from that fold. Neffie is in the company of Kent Orlando whose fold is at the center of KHT's cross hairs. Yukio and I helped them escape ... well actually Kent and his people pulled OUR fat out of the fire." 

Kent Orlando is in the company of Alice Mihara," Yukio said. 

That last bit sent a ripple through the room of clowns. 

"I thought Alice was dead?" One clown asked. 

"Her fold is gone but she is alive," Sasha said. "She has been in hiding from KHT for years. In fact it was her eluding all these years that kept KHT from attacking the rest of us." Sasha rubbed her head. 

"The poof dear has had too much wine," Elsa said. 

"Can somebody get me some coffee and Advil please?" Sasha said. 

"King, you're in charge of intelligence, how come you didn't know about Alice?" Lovecraft asked the clown seating next to him. King wore a baby shit colored uniform, a Fidel Castro military cap with loads of metals on his chest. 

"We haven't had a sighting of her in years," King said. "We assumed the bitch was dead." King looked at Sasha. "You're tight with Harriet, was it her that sent KHT after us?" 

"She wouldn't do that," a clown said. "She's our creator, right?" 

"Yeah," another said, "KHT's gone rouge is all. 

The dwarf clown, barely the height of the conference table, handed Sasha a steaming mug and a container of pills. He then hobbled over to Yukio and handed her a folded cloth and did the same for Natasha. 
