 Ben had the strangest sensation, like waking up from a dream about waking up from a dream—but he had woke up ten minutes ago. He felt a strange tingling pain at the back of his skull, but after a few moments it subsided.

"Are you sure you packed everything?" Vic asked before yawning mightily, closing the driver's side door with a heavy enough slam to shake the snow off the window, "Your laptop? Your wallet? Your toothbrush"

"Of course, babe. I got everything ready last night," Ben responded groggily, leaning over to kiss his girlfriend's cheek, "thanks again for waking up early to drive me."

"You know me," she groaned to herself, "I can't say no to your big mopey eyes—especially when they are looking up at me from between my legs."

Ben chuckled. He had been particularly diligent the night before.

Vic smiled and winked at him as she turned the key in the ignition and her car fired up, its old engine groaning to life. Cold air started blasting from the AC vents, and Ben threw up his arms to shield himself as Vic scrambled to turn off the fan.

"Sorry babe," Vic said as the air turned off, "I must have forgot to turn the fan off yesterday. It always takes so long for the Tammy here to heat up."

'Tammy' was the affectionate name that Vic had given her twenty-five-year-old beater. She had inherited Tammy from her older brother, and he had inherited the car from their uncle. She seemed to always be in a perpetual state of disrepair, but in the two and a half years he and Vic had been together, Ben had yet to see Tammy actually break down. Vic was very protective of Tammy, and not even Ben was allowed to drive her.

"Hardly a point in turning it on at all—it's such a short drive to the bus station."

Ben nodded. Vic squinted at the rear view and grabbed it to readjust it, taking a moment to look at her own reflection.

"Ugh I look like an ogre," she said, her hand patting the misshapen mass of her curly black hair, "I guess you'll have to settle with a goodbye kiss from an ogre."

Ben looked at his girlfriend. It was true, her thick black ringlets, usually cascading down her shoulders like some sort of inky waterfall, was a bit more like a chaotic cloud, but he didn't think it made her any less beautiful. Her always liked to tell her she looked like Wonder Woman, which she would always take jokingly as an insult—either that her shoulders were too broad or her boobs were too big—though she knew after two and a half years that he loved every inch of her.

"I'll risk it," he said with a grin, "if you're an ogre, I guess I'm an ogre-sexual now."

Vic rolled her eyes at that, fixed her side view mirrors, and put the car in reverse, pulling out of the driveway and out into the wintry streets of their small town.

"I just hope there aren't any pretty ogres that catch your eye while you're in the city. Remember: you're mine."

"I would never forget, babe. Besides, I'm going to a boring conference for work, not a nightclub. MORE stands for Marketing Opportunities in Renewable Energy, not Man...Ogling...Risky..."

"Man-eating Ogresses Ravenous for Ejaculate," she said without missing a beat, giving him a dirty grin.

The telltale chime of Vic's phone notification on maximum volume rang through the car, and when they came to a stop sign she briefly pulled it out from her purse to check it.

"Who's texting you at four in the morning?" Ben asked grumpily, "and why is your phone so loud?"

"It's just Juliet," Vic answered quickly, closing her phone and silencing it before tucking it back in her purse, "she's always texting me, I just usually have it on 'do not disturb' when I'm sleeping. I made it loud so you would wake up to the alarm, silly."

Vic smirked as she eased Tammy out into the intersection and turned a slow left, the crunch of snow under her tires and the rumble of Tammy's engine the only sounds on the wintry street.

"What does she have to say?" Ben asked rubbing his hands together to keep them warm.

"Oh. Uh...something about a date with her new boyfriend? I just glanced at it, babe, I'm driving."

Ben nodded.

"Want me to read it for you?"

"Don't worry about it—I'll read it later. This early in the morning, I'm officially asleep for everyone except for you, ogre-lover," she waggled her eyebrows at him.

It was only a few more minutes before they made it to the bus station—some other time of year Ben would have walked, but at this hour and in this weather it would have been excruciating. On the way, Tammy's heat finally came on, and Vic flicked on the fan, the inside of the car finally starting to approach a comfortable temperature. The parking lot of the bus station was quiet—five or six idling cars were parked, no doubt kept running so that their passengers could stay warm while waiting.

"Looks like the bus is late," Ben said, taking out his smartphone—he had downloaded an app to track the bus when he bought the ticket a few weeks ago, more out of curiosity than out of any expectation that he would use it.

"It says its stopping up by the University now—and after that I think it goes by Blackridge. Ten, Fifteen more minutes?"

Vic pressed her face into the top of the steering wheel.

"I want to sleeeeeeeep," she croaked.

"Sorry babe," Ben said, reaching over to pat Vic's puff of curly hair, "I could go inside the station—I don't think there's any heating in there but at least I won't be in the wind?"

"No," Vic said vehemently, "I'm not an asshole; I'm not going to strand you out here in the cold just because I'm sleepy."

After a moment of thoughtfulness, she leaned back and looked Ben up and down with a mischievous grin.

"So—where do you want your goodbye kiss?"

"What?" Ben responded dumbly.

"Well, you're going to be gone for a couple days...and you did all of that for me last night..." Vic put her hand on Ben's thigh, and he felt his heart start to pound in excitement.

"You mean—here? Now?"

"Well I mean, you told me the other day that you thought the idea of doing things in public was kinda...hot," her hand moved up his jeans to his groin, cupping his crotch and squeezing gently, "but both of us agreed that actually getting caught was a deal-breaker. This is kinda public, but I don't think anyone's gonna get out of their cars and walk over here any time soon..."

Ben's heart was pounding. He was getting hard under her gentle ministrations. Vic started to move her hand up to his belt. He remembered the conversation—they had talked about fantasies, what the other one thought was hot. Threesomes had come up, as had a few other things, including this...but he had never expected to have anything from that conversation sprung on him like this.

"Look, babe, believe me this is like, the hottest thing ever, but what if I...make a mess? I'm wearing these pants on the bus and to the conference, and the ride is like, seven hours—"

"—I'll swallow," she stated, her deep blue eyes intently staring into his, her lips twisted into a hungry smile; Ben felt his cock press hard against his pants, bulging up to brush against her wrist as she worked on his belt.

"Mmmm it feels like you like this idea?" she said with a sultry laugh as she brought her other hand over to unfasten his belt and unzip his fly.

"Oh shit! Yeah, I love it but—" he paused briefly as she snaked one hand into his jeans and grabbed onto his cock through his boxer-briefs, "Holy shit!"

"But what, babe?" Vic asked, undoing her own seatbelt so that she could move more freely. She took her hand out of his pants and then started to peel them down; without a word he lifted himself up so that she could slide them to his knees, his erection springing to attention under his boxer briefs, tenting them comically—prompting Vic to giggle, swatting at the bobbing tent like a playful kitten with a new toy.

"The bus is going to be here in like...ten minutes..."

"I like a challenge!" she said, before quickly yanking his underwear down to reveal his penis, which bounced into the chilly air, pulsing with lust.

He inhaled sharply at the chill.

"What's wrong, Ben?" Vic asked, resting her head on his thigh to look up into his eyes, his throbbing cock between their faces, "Is my eager friend here a little cold?"

As she said the word 'friend,' she took her left hand and perched all five of her fingers at the top of his cock, only touching it with her finger tips, and then spread her fingers slowly as she pushed them down, tickling and caressing it on every side.

"Yeah—yeah he's a little cold."

"Then I'll warm him up!" she chirped enthusiastically, before grabbing his cock at the base with one hand, aiming it towards her mouth, and then licking her lips, "here's your goodbye kiss, babe."

Vic pressed her lips against his cock, keeping them pursed, allowing the tip to stretch them only slightly as she slid her mouth down it agonizingly slowly. Ben put one hand on the side of her head, running his fingers through her curly hair, massaging her scalp, encouraging her.

"Holy shit Vic!" he hissed under his breath, barely controlling his instinct to buck his hips, to thrust hard into her warm, wet mouth; she chuckled, the laugh muffled by his dick. Something about that sound made his dick even harder.

She was about halfway down his cock when he felt her tongue start to swirl around it, prodding the tip and darting around the shaft so fast it felt like it had a life of its own. Still, she pressed her mouth further and further down his shaft. Ben had no idea how much time had passed, but it felt like it had been a long time. Vic's progress towards the base of his cock was so slow, contrasting starkly with the lightening quick movements of her tongue.

This was far from Ben's first blowjob from Vic—they had always both been very generous with each other when it came to this kind of thing—and her techniques were not unknown to him, but something about the situation was making her enjoy this almost as much as he was, and the thrill of having her mouth around his cock while they were surrounded by other parked cars was sending shivers down his whole body.

Vic finally pushed her way down as far as she could go without choking on him, engulfing about three quarters of his dick behind her puckered lips, before she suddenly began shaking her head slightly back and forth, loosening her lips so his cock was slapping around the inside of her mouth more freely as she moved back up, stretching her cheeks. She gasped for air as she released him, a long string of saliva and pre-cum hanging between her lips and the tip of his dick as she looked into his eyes with a giddy smile.

"Do you want me to—" Ben started, one hand reaching for her thigh.

She shook her head.

"There's not enough space or time for us to get me off, babe. You already did your time last night anyway."

Without another word, Vic plunged down onto Ben's cock again, this time attacking it quickly and voraciously, bobbing her head up and down, occasionally popping his cock out of her mouth to gasp for air before engulfing in again. One of her hands was still at the base, keeping his cock aimed carefully into her mouth, her other arm helping her keep her balance as she frantically gobbled him up, sucking up her own slobber as she went.

Ben looked out the window for the first time since Vic had started this—and had a moment of panic as he saw the bus was parked at the station. A line of passengers, all bundled up in their winter coats, was already boarding, and all of the other cars in the parking lot were driving away.

"Shit Vic! The bus is here!"

Vic surfaced to look out the window wildly, saw the bus, the line, everything, then looked at Ben; her hand was now stroking him at the same rhythm that she had been bobbing, and he could feel himself on the brink.

"Don't hold back, babe! I want to taste you!" She said, an animal lust flashing on her face before she shifted her weight, wrapping both hands around the shaft of his cock and then leaning down and sticking out her tongue to swirl it around the tip as she jacked him off with both hands.

"Oh my God!"

"You gonna come?"

Ben nodded

"Soon!"

Vic stopped swirling her tongue and locked her lips around the tip of his cock, bobbing slightly while speeding up the rhythm of her two hands, one on top of the other. Ben felt his orgasm building like huge wave, could feel it as it started to come crashing down, and lost control of his own bucking hips. Vic chuckled with her mouthful again, and adjusted her rhythm to compliment his.

"Oh Vic! Oh Vic holy shit I—aaah!" Ben's cock pulsed a long rope of come into Vic's mouth, and she made a loud slurping noise, pushing her head further down while still jacking him off with one hand.

Ben thrust into her mouth again, and another load jetted into her—and another, and another and another, until he was spent. Vic pushed herself down again as low as she could go and sucked at his cock as she pulled off of it, slurping up everything, before grinning a dazed grin, tilting her head up, and swallowing loudly.

"Vic—oh my god I—"

"Yes yes, 'holy shit, oh my god, holy shit, etcetera,'" she mimicked him as she pushed herself off of him, "I love you babe but you really need to think of some more things to say."

Ben looked out the window—the last passenger was boarding the bus.

"Shit!"

He quickly pulled up his boxer briefs and his pants, buckling his belt, unlatching and kicking open the door. Vic just leaned back in the driver's seat clearly still flushed and more than a little horny.

"Bye, Ben. Have a nice trip," she murmured, pulling out her phone.

"Thank you babe I love you gotta go!" Ben yelled, pulling his bag from the back seat and slamming the door as he ran for the bus.

He got there just in time—scrambling up the steps, showing his ticket and apologizing profusely. The bus driver, a heavyset woman with greying orange hair and more freckles than not, gave him a bit of an impatient shrug as she took his ticket, and he passed her into the aisle. There were more passengers than Ben had expected so early in the morning—about fifteen—still not so many that each person couldn't have two whole seats to themselves. He found a pair of empty seats about midway up the bus, and crumpled into them, dazed. The lights in the bus went out, and Ben did too, pulling himself out of his jacket to bundle it into a pillow under his head.

It was several hours later when Ben woke up to the sound of his own name in whispered conversation.

"Yeah, Ben's still with her—that's actually why Vic hasn't spoken to me in the last month."

Ben thought he recognized the woman's voice coming from the seats behind him. The lights in the bus were still out, but it was almost dawn, so some grey was filtering in through the windows. Ben shifted his weight so he could look between the seats, and to his surprise, saw Juliet sitting in the seat behind him. Juliet was a friend from college—she had been close with Vic since before Ben had started dating her, and Ben had even had a crush on her back when they had taken a few classes together sophomore year, almost three years ago now. Juliet was tiny—less than five feet tall, but with curves in all the right places—and had always seemed to Ben like a font of energy and enthusiasm, if a little bit on the repressed side after being brought up by a strict Chinese mother and an Italian-American father who was a hardcore Roman-Catholic. Juliet had always been one of Vic's closest friends as far as Ben knew—they had known each other longer than Ben and Vic had been dating—but apparently something had happened. Next to Juliet was a friend of hers that Ben had only met once or twice before—Sam—a slim woman with wavy red hair and dimples that showed when she smiled.

"Wait, Juliet, Victoria's not talking to you? Because of Ben?"

The rumble and buzz of the bus shaking as it coasted down the highway was so loud that Ben had to turn and put his ear to the crack between seats to hear anything.

"Yeah—I got drunk one night at Vic's and told her that I had a thing for Ben..."

"Why would you tell her something like that?"

"She was talking about some conversation she had had with him about...I don't know, fantasies I guess? She mentioned that he fantasizes about having two girls at one time...and I kinda offered to help out," Juliet finished with an embarrassed giggle.

"And I take it Victoria was not happy?"

"No—I guess she was complaining about his fantasies rather than recruiting. Anyway I haven't talked to her after that, I guess she's worried I'm going to steal her perfect man away from her or whatever."

The mental image of a threesome with both Juliet and Vic was suddenly vivid in Ben's mind—Juliet's curvy little body wrapped around his head, squirming and pressing herself into his mouth as Vic bounced on his cock—he almost reached into his pants right there. Ben shook his head; what was he thinking? Vic was the love of his life—and after this morning especially, he couldn't claim that she left him wanting in the sex department, and it sounded like he had made Vic uncomfortable just telling her about his interest in a threesome. Somehow, this was his fault—he had made Vic worried that he wasn't satisfied or something.

"Well, I don't know why you bother with Victoria anyway," Sam said, "she's always been a bitch to me—ever since Darren."

"Darren?"

"Yeah, you remember Darren? Big sweet boy freshman year who all the girls were fawning over? I think he played lacrosse or something. He was roommates with Robby, Victoria's boyfriend at the time."

"Yeah, I think I remember him. I definitely remember Robby, Vic dated him for two years—we became friends and she roomed with me sophomore year, and he spent more than a little time in our room. What happened with Darren?"

"I've never really told anyone this before, but...while Victoria was dating Robby freshman year, Darren asked me out. After a few dates we went back to his room one night and started...getting to know each other if you follow my meaning, but it turned out that Robby was asleep on the other side of the room after some big test, all covered in blankets. Robby woke up, and apparently liked what he was seeing. He told Victoria about it I guess, thinking he was telling her some hot story—but all she heard was that her boyfriend had seen me naked and he liked it."

"Oh wow that's terrible, Sam!" Juliet said.

"It gets worse. A few nights later, Victoria stole Darren's phone and texted me with his phone to come over—when I got there, Robby wasn't there, and she was naked, bouncing on top of Darren, watching the door so she could see me when I showed up—and when I did she whispered 'stay the fuck away from my man' and then kept fucking Darren. I don't think he even saw me."

"Oh my god! No! Vic did that?"

"Yeah. I mean, Darren did it too. Guess he wasn't a sweet a boy as I had thought. I didn't talk to Darren again after that—and I kept my distance from Victoria. She's a piece of work."

"I guess I'm lucky I was single when I told Vic I like Ben," Juliet said, the shock apparent in her voice, "I had no idea she might do something like that. Do you think I should be worried about Harry?"

"I dunno, do you trust him? It was a long time ago—maybe she's cooled off a bit—but then again, she clearly still has a pretty jealous streak if she hasn't spoken to you for a month."

Ben was stunned—the Vic in Sam's story didn't sound like his Vic at all. Sure she had always been a bit possessive, but in a nice way, a way that made him feel wanted. Did she really think that Juliet was a threat? Ben was attracted to her, sure, but he would never cheat on Vic!

"I mean, I've only been on two dates with Harry—I don't think she even knows about him...I just hope she's good to Ben—he's a good guy," Juliet said a bit wistfully, "you don't think she'd cheat on him, do you?"
