 Anita

Morning. I awoke wrapped in tentacles, which was what always happened when I slept with Saban. In the literal sense, at least. He didn't always use his tentacles when we had sex. I sighed. I couldn't decide if Saban's habit of cocooning me was annoying or cute. I could move one of my arms, so I elbowed Saban in the side. 

"Ok, sleeping beauty, rise and shine!" I elbowed him again. "Wake up and get your tentacles off of me. I need to pee." 

Saban yawned, and his tentacles retracted. Mostly. I pried one off of my ankle and trotted off to the bathroom. 

We'd arrived back at Rowan yesterday evening. Things had been tense between me and Saban since I'd saved the village the day before yesterday. I didn't know if he was still angry because I put myself in danger, or if he was considering my mortality. Probably the latter. 

I wasn't sure how to ease the tension. Dealing with people had never been my strong suit, and, anyways, I was too close to this to look at it rationally. Normally I'd ask Marian for advice, but she wasn't at Rowan. She was off traveling the kingdom and healing people no one else could heal. 

Saban and I hadn't had sex since before things had gotten so tense. Saban was the one who always initiated, and he apparently hadn't felt up to it yesterday. I wasn't sure how to ask him myself. What if he said no? 

When I re-entered the bedroom, I saw Saban was still in bed. He'd shifted into the space still warm from my body and had then dozed off. I decided not to bother him. When I'd woken up around midnight last night, he had been awake. I wasn't sure when he'd gotten to sleep. Demons didn't need much sleep, but they did need some. 

I penned a short note for Saban saying I'd be in the library, and left my quarters, shutting the door quietly behind me. When I arrived in the library, though, Saban was already there. 

"I left you asleep," I said, wondering what had woken him. 

He shook his head. "When you got out of earshot, I woke up. I can't sleep if I don't know where you are." 

"Oh," I said. Man, he had it bad for me. I felt sorry for him. "You can doze off here, in the library." 

Saban shook his head. "It's too large, and it's got too many exits. My demon instincts won't let me sleep somewhere this unprotected." He smiled. "And, anyways, I'm up now. What's the plan for today?" 

I pulled a book off the shelf behind me and dropped it onto the table. It made a satisfying thud. "Research for my book on demonology." 

He frowned. "I can tell you anything you need to know." 

"Not everything," I said. "You can't tell me the results of magical experiments on demons, and you've only got your own experiences to work from. There's things you don't know, and I want my book to cover everything." 

Saban sighed. "There's still the problem with the escaped demons. Can't we work on that?" 

"No. My mind still needs time to recover." I looked at Saban, wondering if he would say anything about that. "Besides, you like the library. You like reading the fiction section." 

Saban sighed again. "Ok, fine. You do your research. I'll go get a book." 

I researched for the rest of the morning. After a short lunch break, I went back to the library and researched some more. Saban read his way through one of the fantasy books. It had a dragon on the cover. I chuckled a bit at that. Everyone knew dragons weren't real. 

Saban finished his book and wandered off, I assumed to get another book. When he came back, though, he shoved my book aside. 

I looked up at him in annoyance. "Saban! What are you doing?" 

He had a gleam in his eyes, one that made me a little nervous and a little excited. "I'm bored," he informed me. 

"So, find something else to do," I said. 

He grinned. "I have. You." 

His tentacles slid around my wrists, ankles, and waist, and I was lifted into the air. 

"Saban! Put me down!" I hissed, trying to express my anger while at the same time remaining quiet. "What if someone sees?" 

Saban's eyes gleamed. "The library is empty right now. We're right in the center, and I'll hear if anyone comes through one of the doors, so we'll have plenty of time to put your clothes back on if someone comes in." 

I shook my head. "I still say this is a bad idea!" 

Saban leaned in to give me a peck on the cheek. "I don't recall asking for your opinion, dear one." 

"Saban-" I began, and then my mouth was full of tentacle. "Mmmph!" 

I kicked and fought, but Saban's tentacles were strong. I didn't have much movement. I glared at Saban, silently promising retribution if he went through with this. 

Saban, apparently, didn't care. I was wearing a my wizard's robes today, since I wasn't doing anything that required pants, and Saban lifted them up to reveal my underwear. 

*

Saban

It was tricky to get Anita's underwear off without freeing her legs, but I managed. Not that free legs would have done her much good. I was so much stronger than she was. 

I pulled her underwear out of my tentacle's grasp and took a deep sniff. Gods, how I loved that scent. I took another deep sniff. So good... 

*

Anita

And Saban was sniffing my underwear. I sighed around the tentacle in my mouth. Gods, this was embarrassing. I imagined Master Evona finding me like this. Or Tom. Or Marian. Or, well, anyone. My cheeks flushed red. 

Saban lowered my underwear. "Let's move on, shall we?" 

He slid two tentacles up my robes to get to my nipples. The sensitive buds grew hard under his touch. Saban's clothing vanished. My eyes, without me willing it, locked on his erection. Another tentacle gently brushed my clit. I moaned. My cheeks flushed even redder as I realized I was becoming aroused in a public place. 

I glared at Saban as he slowly began to stroke my clit. Either stop or hurry it up, I wanted to say, but, of course, I couldn't. Saban had me gagged. 

Saban's slow foreplay continued. He squeezed my nipples, and stroked a steady rhythm on my clit. He rubbed my taint, and brushed his tentacles against my inner thighs. 

My desperation for Saban to just get on with it grew with my arousal, until, if I'd been able to speak, I would have been begging him to fuck me. 

Abruptly, Saban set me down. His tentacles retracted, after two pulled my robe down into place. "Someone's here," he hissed. 

I held my hand out as his clothes re-materialized. "Give me back my underwear," I whispered. 

Saban smiled and shook his head. He tucked my underwear carefully into his pocket. 

I heard footsteps coming and hurriedly tried to school my expression. I sat down at the table and pretended to read, heart pounding. 

A wizard I barely knew walked into my line of sight. I tried frantically to remember her name, but it just wouldn't come. She headed to a bookshelf. I tried not to stare at her guiltily like a child caught with her hand in the cookie jar. She touched the bookshelf, frowned, and then turned to me. My heart began to pound faster. 

"Have you seen 'A History of Demon Summoning,' Anita?" she asked. 

I spoke, trying to sound natural. "It's right here." I gestured to one of the books on the table. "I'm- I'm done with it. I just haven't bothered to put it back yet." I prayed she couldn't hear how nervous I was. Or how aroused. 

"Mind if I take it?" she asked. 

"Not- not at all! Go right ahead!" I smiled in what I hoped was a friendly, normal way. My crotch felt cold and bare. 

She frowned. "Why are you all red?" 

"It's- it's kind of hot in here. I think I'm overheating," I said. 

"You're right, it is kind of hot. I'm glad I can just take this one book and go," she said. "You should take a break, get some water." 

I nodded. "I'll do that!" 

She frowned again, but didn't say anything else as she left my little book nook. I knew exactly when she left the library because Saban scooped me up again. 

"Now, where were we?" he asked, grinning. "Oh, yes." A slender tentacle slid slowly up my leg, past my opening, into my pussy. It gradually thickened until I moaned in delight. 

Another tentacle began to rub my clit again, and two more slid up to my nipples. I sighed, and closed my eyes. This felt so good. 

My eyes snapped open again as something began to slide up my ass. "MMMPH!" I protested. 

"Careful on the volume," Saban said. "We don't want anyone to hear." 

I squirmed as the tentacle slid deeper and deeper into my ass. My cheeks flamed. I was getting taken in the ass in the library. I would never forgive Saban for this. 

The tentacles began to pump in and out in counterpoint to each other, the one in my pussy pounding my g-spot. This felt so good. I moaned. 

I felt myself climbing. Saban's slow foreplay was over, and now he was fucking me fast and hard. The tentacle on my clit was vibrating, and the ones on my nipples were sucking. The ones in my pussy and ass were pumping. I was about to cum. I was about to cum in a public place. What if someone saw? I tried to hold it in. 

It was like trying to hold a tidal wave. My orgasm crashed over me, overwhelming me, making me scream into my gagging tentacle. Then I came again. And again. And again... 

When Saban finally put me down, I was woozy with exhaustion. 

"I was going to keep going until someone else arrived," Saban said, "But no one came, and I didn't want to make you pass out." 

I sighed. "That's probably because it's dinner time. Come on, if we hurry I might be able to get something to eat."

I hurried toward the door. Then a coldness in the crotch area reminded me of something. I turned to Saban. "My underwear?" I asked. 

Saban smiled "These are mine. Get your own." 

*

Saban

Anita ate dinner. I sat and watched, remembering the noises she had made when I fucked her in the library, and how red she had been. She was so cute! I smiled. 

"What are you grinning about?" Anita grouched. 

My smile widened. "Oh, come on, you're not still mad about-" 

Anita made a shushing noise. "We are not talking about it here." 

"There's no one anywhere near us," I pointed out. "Nearly everyone is done eating." 

"And that's your fault!" Anita hissed. "You're the one who made us late." 

I shrugged. "At least we made it before things closed down."

Anita glared at me. "What if we hadn't? I'd be stuck eating something cold!" 

"I was keeping an eye on the time," I said. 

"How?" Anita asked. "There wasn't a clock around." 

"No clocks in the demon realm at all. Most demons develop a good sense of time," I said. 

"I'm still mad at you," Anita informed me. 

I grinned. "That won't last. I'm just too lovable. By the time you get the ability to command me back, you'll have completely forgiven me." 

Despite herself, Anita smiled. "Ok, yeah, you're probably right." Then she punched me in the shoulder. "But right now I'm still mad at you!" 

I smiled at her. "You're cute when you're angry." 

When Anita finished eating, we headed up to her room. I carried a stack of books from the library for her to study before bed. I figured she was reading in her room in case I decided to repeat this afternoon's adventure. She needn't have worried. I was satisfied. For now. 

When we reached her room, we found Estries waiting outside of it. He was crying. 

Anita rushed over to him. "What's wrong?" 

Estries had been spending most of his time either being studied or helping with the demon hunt. Neither of us had seen him for a few days. 

Estries sniffed. "I... I asked Betania if I could be her familiar. And she-" Estries sniffed again. "She said no!" 

Man, my son was soft. Some time in the demon realm would likely toughen him up. Or, well, he might get tougher as he grew more powerful. And aggressive but weak demon wasn't likely to survive, so young demon tended to be gentle and timid. 

"It'll be ok," Anita told Estries. "There's plenty of other female wizards out there if you want to be someone's familiar. There's even more people if you like men." 

Estries sighed. "A male wizard would work, but... I don't want to hang around and wait for someone here to want to be my wizard. I want to do what you and Saban did, where you summoned him and he fell in love with you." 

Anita nodded thoughtfully. "I could probably make a spell that made summoning spells more likely to pick you, but at the same time increased your resistance so that you could ignore the summons if you wanted to. Demons can sense the person who is summoning them, right?" 

I nodded. "We can sense a lot about the summons, actually. For instance, when you first summoned me I got a basic idea of your personality, and I could sense that there weren't any weaknesses in the pentagram. These things, together, indicated that I likely wouldn't be able to turn the tables on you, so I resisted. If I'd thought you were weak, or I'd seen a break in the pentagram, I would have allowed the summons so I could get free." 

Anita nodded thoughtfully. "So Estries will be able to select his summoner based on how compatible he thinks they'd be. And if I made it so that he was a beacon for summoning spells, he'd have a large pool for selection. That sounds good. Estries, would you like me to work on this?" 

Estries nodded. "I'd like that, yes." 

Anita smiled. "I'll do that then." 

*

Anita

I was studying in my room when I heard a knock at the door. "Saban, could you get that?" I asked, looking up from my book and stretching. 

Saban had been sitting beside me on the floor, dozing with his head on my knee. He stood, shook the sleep away, and headed for the door. 

I stared in surprise at my visitor, and then respectfully stood. "Mistress Evona!" I said. "What are you doing here so late?" 

Mistress Evona looked a bit upset. "I'm sorry to bother you so late, but this is an emergency. A demon has taken a child hostage in the village of Mistvale, and-" 

"Mistvale?" I interrupted. "My family's in Mistvale! Do you know who the child is?" 

Mistress Evona frowned. "The wizards trying to deal with the situation didn't say when they mirrored me. You can ask when you get there. I need you and Saban to go to Mistvale now, as quickly as possible. Saban can sneak up to the demon and take control of it, allowing one of the other wizards to banish the demon and rescue the hostage. The demon doesn't know we have a demon lord on our side, so it shouldn't expect this." 

I stood, and began to throw things in my overnight bag. "I'll leave as soon as possible. We'll fly. Is that ok, Saban?" 

Saban nodded. "I'll do it." He tossed me my hairbrush, and opened my underwear drawer. "I'll help you pack." 

Mistress Evona nodded. "Good. I'll leave you to it. Mirror me when the job is done, or if there are any complications." With that, she left. 

I searched for my shoes as Saban began to pack fresh underwear. Please, I thought, please, don't let it be Ian.