 Kiaria breathed in the alluring scent, the fragrance so heavy she could taste it. It drew her deep into the woods, father than she had ever dared to venture before. No one went into the woods at night. Not if they wanted to leave with their mind and body intact.

Her father had warned her countless times, but she had forgotten to close the windows. The night sky was aglow from the full moon. The epithymia flowers were blooming. As she drew closer, her blood heated and surged beneath her skin. It was an uncomfortable sensation, like an invisible ache all over her body that made her feel hollow and brittle. It was near impossible to fight the scent of epithymia flowers in full bloom.

She could see the blooms now. Silvery white beneath the moonlight with blood red centers that glistened with nectar. Epithymias were parasitic, wrapping around host trees like a jealous lover, slowly squeezing and draining away at the tree's life force. But they were beautiful and alluring. The nectar was poisonous, but gave the most intense pleasurable experience before killing you. The forbidden lovers poison.

Kiaria had enough sense left to not touch the tempting blooms or the blood red nectar that dripped temptingly onto the milky petals. The taste would be heavenly, the effects doubly so, but she had no wish to die no matter how pleasurably. This side of the forest seemed to be entirely infected with the blooming flowers. She was surrounded by walls of white and red.

When the sun rose, the blooms would wither away. Kiaria drank in the intoxicating scent, feeling a slow burn crawling into her body. She opened her eyes and saw a figure move out of the shadows. He appeared abruptly, dark against the bloody wall of white. Their eyes met across the short distance, his gleamed with an inner fire brighter than the moonlight.

Kiaria found herself walking forward, as drawn to him as she had been to the epithymia scent. He remained motionless, watching her approach. She stopped directly in front of him, close enough to feel the unnatural heat radiating from his body. He towered over her by a full head and a half, but he was slim and toned. He was naked as well, his skin the color of dark honey. His black hair hung freely about his waist, sweeping over his lean chest and arms.

His skin was crisscrossed with tracts of red where he had brushed against the epithymias, but beneath were intricate patterns of white. With a gasp, she realized he was a forest walker. She'd never seen one, but her father had told her stories. They lived deep in the forest, secretive and brimming with unknown power. Kiaria wondered if the poison worked on them.

He lifted a hand towards her, slowly he touched her lips with the tip of his fingers. Kiaria shivered as the heat of his body seeped into her skin, flaming her blood hotter. The ache in her body intensified until she could do nothing but moan her discomfort. She saw his eyes blaze brighter. They were clear and colorless, and burned with power.

"Speak your name."

Kiaria shivered again, his voice smooth and deep. She held his gaze, amazed she didn't burst into flames.

"Kiaria," she whispered.

His finger traced slowly over her bottom lip before he tipped her chin up.

"Kiaria," he purred. "I shall take you with the full moon as witness."

He pressed his lips to hers, stealing her breath. The heat from his body burned against hers like a living flame. She wanted to draw back, afraid she would catch fire, but the feel of his mouth over hers was infinitely more dangerous than the epithymia blooms around them.

He drew her body tightly to his, the sinewy strength in his muscles deceptively strong. Kiaria descended into a plane of conflicting sensations as she felt his tongue explore her mouth. He even tasted of fire. She ran her hands through the silk of his hair. It ran like ink through her fingers, cool despite the heat from his body.

Kiaria felt him throb against her belly, the proof of his manhood laying an imprint of heat against her skin. How would it feel to be impaled on his burning shaft. He ripped her sheer shift from her body, the thin material giving way with no more resistance than a spider's web. She couldn't even feel the coolness of the night as if his body was heating the air around them.

His callused palms massaged her breasts, arousing the aching flesh. Her nipples swelled and hardened, painfully sensitive at his touch. She moaned into his mouth as the pleasure caused her knees to buckle. He easily supported her weight before he laid her down, moss cushioning her body.

Kiaria dared to lift her eyes and found him watching her again. His hands traced lightly over her pale skin, his touch feather light, but it felt as if he were brushing a live coal over her skin. His mouth followed the path his fingers had traced. His tongue soothed the burn and left it cool. He took the tip of her breast into his mouth and lapped at her nipple before sucking strongly.

Kiaria arched into his mouth, as his other hand caressed her other breast. She bit back a cry when she felt his teeth tease her swollen flesh. Her stomach fluttered in pleasure. With a soft, wet popping noise, he released her breast and traveled lower. He used his tongue to circle her navel before plunging into the small well.

She felt as if he had reached into her and was stroking her insides. Gasping between moans, Kiaria squirmed beneath him, wanting more of his torturous attention. Her blood seemed to pulse thickly in her veins, every beat sending pleasure to her limbs. She could see smears of red on her body where it had rubbed against his. For a brief moment, she wondered if she would die and all this pleasure was from the epithymia venom. The thought vanished as his mouth descended lower, hovering between her splayed thighs. His breath was almost unbearably hot against her already heated flesh.

His eyes caught hers, feverish, bright, and feral before he dropped his head deliberately slow to her aching slit. Her eyes nearly rolled out of her head as his tongue delved into her. She felt more than heard him groan. She could focus on little else besides his skillful tongue and fingers as they stretched and stroked her.

The ache in her body intensified, coiling tighter until his tongue flicked rapidly against a concentrated bundle of nerves. She gasped as her body convulsed in indescribable pleasure, lightning hot in intensity. Her hips bucked against his face of their own violation, her back bowing to accommodate the way her muscles were clenching.

She trembled as the pleasure slowly eased, the gentle swipes of his tongue making her jerk slightly with each pass against the sensitive bud. Finally, he relented and rose to take her mouth again. He tasted different, but not unpleasantly so. She realized that she was tasting herself on him. Curious, she ran her tongue over his lips and at the corners of his mouth. It was slightly salty and sweet with a light tartness.

His erection glistened as if twitched against his stomach. Kiaria bit into her lip, wanting to taste him as he had tasted her.

"May I taste you?" she asked, her voice no more than a whisper.

His brows rose in surprise before he rolled to his back and looked at her expectantly. Kiaria gathered her courage, bolstered by her curiosity and dropped her mouth to his smooth skin where his throat met his chest. The cords beneath her lips tensed. She ran her tongue over his hot flesh. He tasted of salt and pure sin. A woman could drown in his taste. Abruptly, he pulled her to straddle him, her legs spread over his lean hips.

She gave in to the urge to bite into the hard muscle on his chest. He flinched before he chuckled beneath her. She looked up into his eyes taking pleasure from the hunger she saw. Chills of excitement brushed against her spine. Kiaria lowered her mouth to flick her tongue against his flat, dark nipple as he had done to her. He groaned, the sound vibrating deep in his chest.

Kiaria pressed light kisses to his chest, she could taste the sweetness of the epithyimia nectar on his skin. His hand delved into her hair, combing his fingers slowly through the thick strands as she moved lower. She used her tongue to trace over the ridges over his stomach before delving into his navel. His muscles contracted and his hips surged upwards. She felt his erection press against her breasts, sliding like a brand across her skin.

She moved lower and finally pressed her lips against the head of his shaft. He groaned again, louder and deeper. Kiaria swiped her tongue over the little slit on the tip, tasting the drop of fluid that had appeared. It was sweet and slightly salty, surprising her.

She was startled when he surged up and pinned her to the ground, his knees pushing her thighs apart. He crushed his mouth over hers, hungry and demanding. His dark hands roamed over her pale body, clutching her close. Kiaria ran her hands over his arms and shoulders, marveling at how the muscles felt beneath his smooth skin.

His hand dipped between her legs. His fingers stroked over her, teasing her swollen and wet flesh. He nipped into her bottom lip as his fingers slipped into her. Kiaria moaned into his mouth as he stretched her and rubbed against a particularly sensitive spot. Pleasure crashed through her again. Her body bowed beneath his, drawn tight as she sob out her release.

He withdrew his fingers and sucked them into his mouth. He locked gazes with her before thrusting his shaft deep into her. It burned and stretched her. He was so incredibly hot and full between her legs. Kiaria dug her nails into the hard planes of his back as he rocked his hips against her. He released eyes to look where their bodies were connected. A sheen of sweat made his skin glisten in the moonlight, the muscles in his body flexing as he pumped into her.

His eyes slowly traveled back up her body until he was staring into her eyes again. Kiaria slipped her hands down to either side of his waist where she could feel his hips flex as he thrust into her, unable to break eye contact. The brightness of his eyes penetrated her through the dark, holding her transfixed, reading into her soul.

Then he smiled, his inky hair clinging to his damp skin like a living thing. His smile was almost as compelling as his eyes. It was startling, beautiful, and fascinating.

"Cum for me, sweet one," he said.

Her body burst into flames, peaking higher than before. The pleasure so sharp and intense it felt almost like pain. Her muscles clenched and stole her breath, trapping her in a vortex of pleasure, unable to do anything besides tremble at its force.

Then just as she was able to gasp for breath, she felt him thrust once more before he was pulsing inside of her, liquid heat bathing her insides. She shivered as tiny waves of pleasure caressed over her sensitive nerves. Kiaria could feel him trembling now, his body rigid as he found his own release.

A long moment passed before he dropped his head to her breast, keeping most of his weight off of her. Kiaria ran her hands over his silky hair, running her fingers gently over his scalp as he panted hotly over her breasts. Another moment passed before he raised his head, his eyes boring into hers. Kiaria, dazed and lethargic, smiled tentatively.

His mouth twitched before he kissed her, gently, tenderly. He was slowly softening inside of her, but his warmth remained. It wasn't a burning heat, but comforting, as gentle as his kiss. He withdrew from her body. A gush of liquid followed his retreat. Kiaria flushed in embarrassment, but he smiled softly and stroked his fingers along her cheek.

"I have been blessed by the moon to receive such a gift tonight," he whispered.

Kiaria flushed again. Abruptly, his eyes narrowed and his face went rigid. He tipped up her head as he stared into her eyes. 

"You're mortal," he said.

Kiaria nodded, alarmed by the shift in his mood, but his eyes softened.

"Will you come with me? I can cleanse the epithymia from your blood."

Kiaria's mind flashed to her father. Who would care for him if she was not there.

"I cannot leave my father. He has no one else. We are each others only family."

"If I leave you now, the epithymia will kill you before the sun breaks over the land."

She stared into his colorless eyes, frightened but reluctant. He sighed and dropped his head down to hers.

"Come with me," he breathed against her lips.

Kiaria could do nothing but agree as he kissed her again. When he released her this time, he fluidly gained his feet. He extended a hand and helped her up. Her knees wobbled, threatening to send her back to the ground. Then he was drawing her to his side, the warmth of his body dulling to a pleasant temperature that kept the night chill at bay.

"What is your name?" Kiaria asked.

"Atainel," he said.

Kiaria shivered, she repeated his name. It felt ancient, as if the name itself held its own awareness.

"It means 'one who must suffer'."

"Why were you given such a name?" Kiaria asked.

"I was not given the name, I was born into it name."

His colorless eyes flickered to her face.

"If one person may take upon themselves a suffering that benefits others, would that not be a good thing?"

"But why must you suffer? Why were you born to bear such a name?"

He smiled as if he was indulging a child's question.

"Because I am strong and can bear such suffering and live. Others would break or lose themselves. It is the purpose that drives my life. Let me lift your suffering. Perhaps you will understand if you see."

He placed the heel of his warm palm against her forehead. He began to sing, his voice deep, clear, and hypnotizing. His eyes closed and his face went taunt. As he continued to sing, his hand drifted down her face, his middle finger brushing lightly down the bridge of her nose until he slowly closed his hand directly in front of her mouth.

When his hand was clenched into a fist, Atainel stopped singing and opened his eyes. His lips twitched before he relaxed and opened his hand. A small pool of red liquid was cupped in his palm. Immediately, Kiaria felt as if someone had removed a weight from everyone of her limbs. She stared at the contents of his hand for a long moment before she realized it was the epithymia poison he had drawn out of her body.

Atainel wiped his hand clean on a few leaves he plucked from a tree before burying them.

"But, what about the poison in you?" Kiaria asked.

His mouth twitched again.

"I am strong and can live through the poison," he said.

Though the words were said lightly, Kiaria thought she heard an underlying bitterness. He distracted her by sighing heavily.

"I have extracted the poison from you body. You are free to leave if you wish," he said, a hint of guilt tinging his voice.

Kiaria felt herself shaking her head before thinking.

"I promised to go with you," she blurted.

He hesitated as if waiting for her to change her mind. Atainel drove his fingers into her hair, cupping the back of her head. He tipped her head back and made her hold his gaze.

"Shall I make you forget? I could make you think I was nothing more than a pleasant dream."

"Please. . ." Kiaria whispered, staring into the colorless shadows that swirled in his bright eyes.

"Its painless enough," he breathed.

"No. . .please."

They stayed locked that way for several heartbeats until Atainel's face softened once more, but his eyes were sad and bitter.

"Do not forget it was by your own choice to stay," his voice no more than a murmur.

Kiaria reached up on the tips of her toes and placed a promise kiss to his lips.

"I will not forget."

His eyes flared brightly and the corners of his mouth twitched before he drew her back into his body.

"So it is sealed."

His lips returned her promise.