 One didn't need to be an oracle like Erkos to know that hammocks were not an ideal thing for someone who stood over eight feet tall including antlers. FIrst, none of the hammocks here fit him, second he'd managed to cause the person sleeping above him great discomfort when he got up, knocking them from their slumber with an accidental headbutt. This was followed by Erkos' antlers getting wrapped in the hammock and destroying it in his attempt to free himself. 

Stumbling up on deck as he removed the last of the stupid thing from his antlers he looked around. He did not wish to be swabbing again today so slowly sauntered up to Plugg. The man's stench made him want to gag, he'd obviously never heard of bathing, or oral hygiene. Erkos addressed the officer, his tone businesslike. "The man who got sick, as well as the halfling who was sick last night has led me to believe that your water isn't fresh enough. Unless you want more sick people on this ship, I think it would be best if I use the magics that Lady Besmara has given me to fill with water."

Erkos' bicoloured eyes met Plugg's muddy ones and as the tiefling stared, he could almost feel a battle of wills before Plugg looked away and told Erkos to hurry up and get to it. The tiefling grinned and jogged into the kitchen. Upon entering, the first person he saw was a rather plump drunk human, who had a small fluffy chicken on his head. 

"Plugg sent me down to get the water." Erkos said. "Well change." he added, distracted by the adorable fluffy bird on the man's head. "Just have someone with more muscles than I empty the barrels over the side. Then I'll fill them." 

It didn't take long for the barrels to come back and Erkos moved his hands over them, creating water. "It will need to be replaced tomorrow." He said, pleased at an excuse to avoid swabbing. The pirate code said that everyone had to do their fair share of work. It didn't say that all had to be the same work. He would be better off helping in here. 

Then a whistle sounded and there was news, of a keelhauling to happen. Erkos slowly went up on deck. This wasn't something he was most comfortable with. However, it would help tell about what was going on on this ship. He found himself standing by Sandara, glancing down at the buxom redhead and giving her a friendly grin. His gaze became more serious as he turned back to the proceedings, the looks in the eyes of both Plugg and Scourge made Erkos feel sick to his belly. Slowly his tail swayed back and forth as he looked back to Sandara. 

The man who was accused was sickly looking, and Erkos had to hold himself in place, even though every instinct was screaming at him to go help. It would help no one and only end in a whipping for Erkos. Or worse. 

The man was intimidated into confessing, Erkos wasn't even sure if what was said was true or not. Stealing, from the quartermaster. Stealing from your fellow crewmates normally led to a whipping and being put ashore. Even if it was from the quartermaster, it still didn't warrant a keelhauling. Maybe a branding on top of that whipping, or losing the hand, or both. But not risking a man's life. This was needless torture. The oracle bore his elongated canines and snarled silently, his wings stirring up small air currents as he glared at what was happening. 

He felt a soft hand on his arm, bringing him back to reality and nodded to Sandara who had broken him out of his bubbling anger. He turned back to watching the proceedings with a somber gaze, even while others around him broke out into jeers. The poor unfortunate was tossed overboard, and his scream cut short. It didn't take long for his limp, obviously dead body to appear on the other side. Blood poured from the back, where all skin had been ripped off and Erkos could see sharks following the boat. 

"What a waste." He murmured, turning away to get back to work. "Just to show off how big and nasty they are." Rage simmered in his eyes and he headed back down to the kitchen to help some more. 

The day's work in the kitchen was simple, and today it seemed that dinner was not burned. Erkos noticed that it was his fellow captive who seemed to not know what he was doing when it came to cooking. Neither did Erkos of course, however he kept his head down and continued chopping vegetables, only stopping to tell Croop that he knew someone who could get the kitchen cleaner than it had ever been using any magic, not only that but keep any dishes clean without using water or soap. Croop jumped at the opportunity and sent Erkos up to get said person. Soon Qoyuvon was down in the kitchen, using her magic to clean everything. It was going to take a while, but anyone would agree that the tedium beat the physical demands of swabbing. 

Day's work over and a belly full of food, Erkos found himself joined once again by Tarn, who found the tiefling sitting on a nook he'd found, tail over his hooves and wings wrapped around his body. Erkos lifted his wing and looked up as he felt the weight of the Nagaji on his bed and quickly looked up. "It's not that I'm unfamiliar with violence, I've seen and participated in worse back on Father's ship. It's just that... that was wrong." He looked away. "The man was just a thief." 

"It wasn't justice." Erkos heard Tarn rumble as he felt a hand on his back. Erkos nodded sadly and leaned against the Nagaji, feeling his cool scaly skin. 

Erkos asked. "H-how often does something like that happen on this ship?" 

"Far too often." Tarn's voice held contempt and disgust at the proceedings of the day. "A tactic to keep the crew under control." He paused and looked at the tiefling. "However, it is not something I wish to dwell on. I came here to spend time with you, not think about the monsters that hold positions of power on this ship." Leaning in he kissed Erkos deeply, pulling the young tiefling into the embrace. 

Moving back slightly Tarn grinned and reached down, pulling off Erkos' breeches and eyeing the growing bulge in his loincloth. Pulling off the silk garment he leaned down and licked the head of the cock, running his hands up and down feeling the ridges and slight bumps and making Erkos shiver in pleasure. Then Tarn slowly lowered his head down, taking the large member deep in his mouth, his hands shifting to Erkos' hips and pulling the tiefling close while Tarn sucked, running his serpentine tongue over and around the cock. Then he reached down and began to fondle Erkos' balls, running his hands over the smooth skin. 

Erkos felt his hips buck and his eyes roll back in pleasure as he came deep into Tarn's mouth, while he was still writhing in pleasure he felt himself pushed onto the bed and Tarn moved over him, rubbing his twinned cocks before pushing both of them slowly into Erkos' ass, causing the tielfing to shudder in pleasure. Tarn began to pick up pace, thrusting and grunting in pleasure. "Oh gods... you are so tight... but mmm you can still take me. Come on, scream my name." 

Erkos felt Tarn bottom out in his ass, then pull nearly all the way out before thrusting in again, the two massive dicks stretching him further than he'd ever been in his life. He grasped at the sheets, unable to say anything comprehensible and lapsing into Undercommon when he was able to talk. Then the thrusting stopped and Tarn loomed over him, cocks all deep in Erkos' ass. Erkos moaned his body twitching as Tarn began to slowly gyrate his hips, eliciting sounds of extreme pleasure in Erkos. 

The thrusting began again, harder than before, and Erkos felt himself tensing up, orgasm brimming over in him. He wanted to cum more than anything, however Tarn slowed again, taking the thrusts deep and long grinning down at Erkos. "Not yet... I haven't heard you scream yet." he chucked, holding himself in place, nearly withdrawn from Erkos' tight little ass before pushing his cocks fast and hard into the tiefling, making him squirm. Then the thrusting slowed before picking up, bringing Erkos to the edge or orgasm again and again before denying it. Finally he felt Tarn's cocks explode in him, coating his insides with sticky white serpentine semen, at the same time Erkos felt his own orgasm, the buildup making it even more intense as his whole body was wracked with spasms, back arched he let out a primitive scream of pleasure as his own spunk sprayed all over his chest and face. 

Riding the pleasure of his climax Erkos leaned in and kissed Tarn, pulling him close and spreading cum all over his chest in the embrace. He felt Tarn withdraw, and felt the cum from two massive cocks spill out of his ass as Tarn grinned down at him. "Well you didn't scream my name... but you did scream. I'm not sure if I should fuck you again until you get it right. But...you look tired. I'll make you scream more tomorrow. Maybe you can suck me like you sucked that Jack Tar." 

Erkos felt himself unable to move from the massive oragsm he'd had and mutely watched as Tarn turned and left.