 Beth was ruthless. She had already downed two of the guards, and the third one was soon to follow. She was a mage, specialized in ice magic, and despite her young age of 18, she was already experienced in fighting. It caused her next to no problems to entomb the remaining guy in a solid tomb of ice, then she shattered it around him, using the shock of the impact and the sudden temperature-change to knock him out cold.

She was careful not to kill them, or to cause permanent harm, but she had no remorse about knocking a few grunts out for a while, or about stealing the chest of goods they guarded. They were traveling from Stretchington to Multipedete, two gross, lascivious cities without any morals, so Beth did not feel bad at all about taking their loot. Even tough the whole land around her was infested with lewdness, it was condensed even more densely in the most populated cities, or so has Beth figured.

She opened the lock with a flick of her wrist, but before opening the chest, she examined the surface, looking for any possible traps that might be hidden. She did not find anything of the sort, only images of men and women carved in a suggestive manner into the lid, so with some reluctance, she opened the treasure. After checking the insides, she found a handful of gold coins of considerable value, and some kind of jewelry that was wrapped in multiple layers of silk, indicating that it was either valuable or fragile. After removing the clothing, she decided it was the former case - the jewel in question was a clear cut ruby in a golden setting, shining beautifully when Beth held it up in the light. However, she could not make out the true use of the jewel - when she turned the ruby around, the gold just extended into a narrow stem, then into a wider notch, and finally into a thin tip. She figured that it was probably had something to do with sex, given the location she found it, but she was not sure. It was also tiny, the ruby about 2,5 cm (1 inch) wide, the golden extension only a bit longer.

Well, it doesn't matter that much what it was made for, Beth figured; the ruby in itself worth much more than the money she found - such gems were excellent for storing mana, or even complete spells for later usage, so she just gathered her freshly looted stuff (including the money, of course!) and left.

Time to go home.

It was not Beth's first robbery on the caravans of Stretchington, and probably not the last either - she made her living out of those ambushes. It was not always like this, she remembered while walking back to her hideout.

Her parents were exiles from the land of the Saints, but since Beth was born on the chaotic land of the Judgement, she did not really associated herself with the saints - in her mind, they were just normal humanoids anyway. Both of her parents were mages, or at least that's what her father told about her mom anyway - her mother unfortunately died during her birth. She inherited her mom's looks - piercing green eyes, jet black wavy hair (she wore it in a ponytail usually), thin, fragile body. Her hips were wide, especially when compared to her short body, but she seriously lacked in the boob department, only sporting a pair of A cup breasts - not that she minded though, she preferred her somewhat tomboyish figure (if you discounted her hips) - having large udders would have made fighting, her job, more difficult.

Her home was at the edge of the jungle, close to the road where she just robbed 3 people. That might seem reckless to some people, but she was always careful to wipe the short term memory of her victims, either with a quick specific spell, or just by hitting them hard. Her shelter was a small tower her father had built, where he run a small magic shop for a living. Her dad was an excellent teacher when it came to magic, he taught her everything about spellcasting, but all in all, he was a single father, exiled to an alien land, and bringing up a daughter was not an easy task, especially alone - Beth turned out to be much more adventurous and wild than he could really handle. At least he managed to teach her some morals, he would have hated himself if her daughter turned out to be a slut. Being a bandit was much more preferable in his book.

"Hi Dad," she greeted him on arrival. "I bet I made more money today than you did all month." With that, she threw the freshly looted moneybag on his desk. He shrugged.

"You might get caught some day. I know you are really good, I taught you myself, but accidents happen. I also taught you a decent way of living instead of being a vagabond."

"Dad, we talked about this multiple times, let's skip it for now, okay? Anyway, any idea what this might be used for?" She showed him her freshly acquired jewel. His eyes narrowed.

"I think this is called a "butt plug". It was all the rage in that cesspool Stretchington when I was there last time. They were much bigger than that, I recall."

"A butt plug?" Beth giggled. "You mean they actually put something like this in their behinds? Whatever for?"

Again, Robert (Beth's father) had to shrug. "They are kinky like that. Hell, they are much more kinkier than that." He examined the plug briefly. "That ruby is really clean. You can sell this for good money."

Beth packed the golden jewel-thing back into its silk package. "I will do just that. Tomorrow we will leave with the gang, news are that there is a small lamia village in the desert close to us that recently became very rich. They are probably slave traders, and they are defenseless. I will convince the others to pass by Stretchington on our way home, so I can sell this butt thingy."

Robert rolled his eyes. "I really don't like you robbing people, even if they deserve it, more or less. I also dislike your so called "gang". They are just a bunch of criminals."

"They are no more criminals than me, dad. Anyway, I am tired, and I will need to be rested tomorrow. G'night". With that, she left for her room, on the very top level of the tower.

Half an hour later, she considered herself clean enough for bed. Sleep did not came easily, however - she was excited about the prospect of her raid-to-come, and... she was really curious about this butt plug thingy. Do people really enjoy using stuff like this on their bodies? IN their bodies? Beth was not a virgin (it was really hard to find an 18 year old virgin in the sexed up land of the Judgement), but her knowledge of sex was really limited. Her father really sheltered her.

After an hour of not being able to sleep, she resigned - she should check this plug out, and possibly masturbate herself to sleep. She always felt guilty and filthy when she resorted doing such things, but she needed SOMETHING, she was just too excited to sleep right now. 

The plug felt warm to her touch when she unwrapped it the second time today, much warmer than it should have been. She might have been more suspicious about this given a cool head, but she was so aroused that she did not care.

She quickly removed her nightie from her slim body, her nipples already erect in the cool night air. She laid back down on her bed, boobs up, only a pair of white panties covering her thin body. Her breasts were small but sensitive, and really perky - and she wasted no time, using both hands to cup and massage them. Her juices were already soaking through her underwear when she decided her pussy needed some closer attention, her right hand sneaking under her panties, first pinching her love button, then pushing one, then two fingers into her wet love channel.

It was not enough. Surprised and frustrated, she tore her own undergarments away, then continued fingering herself with her right, while her left massaged her clit with reckless abandon. But it was still not enough. She was more aroused than ever, her body much more sensitive to the touch, her love gash itching much more than usual - but she could not go over the edge. Maybe she needed a little help?

Her thighs clenched tight, her arms waving back and forth in frustration, she bumped into something warm and hard with her elbow. Oh, the butt plug, she almost forgot. Maybe that is what she needed.

She knew from experience that lubrication helped a lot, especially when penetrating a virgin hole, so she quickly licked her fingers, then transitioned her natural lube to her butthole. Massaging her anus with her fingers was a foreign, yet enjoyable feeling. Following the thought, she licked her newly found golden friend a few times to make sure it will go in easily. It felt small in her hand, but she knew that her butt measured things on a different scale. She brought the warm object to her back passage, then started pushing. 

It went in easier than she thought it would, maybe she used more force than usual, while her extremely aroused state blocked out the negative feeling associated with the usual first time penetration. It did not matter - it was in, it felt snug, it felt kinky. It felt awesome. With newfound energy, she continued fingering herself, her plug making things more tight than usual. After a few minutes, finally her orgasm came. She passed out.

When she awoke, it was already midnight. Down from her orgasmic high, she felt a bit cold, so she grabbed another pair of panties - she actually tore her original one in half, she thought back embarrassed. While pulling her underwear up on her legs, she realized she still had the butt plug in her arse. She thought about removing it, but it still felt so comfortable, so... right inside her, that she decided she should just leave it in for the night. She could clean up in the morning. Not bothering with her nightie, she fall asleep.

She had the strangest dream. In her dream, there were two creatures arguing - a genie and an ifrit. First Beth had a hard time making out what were they talking about, but after a few moments she had a vague idea it was about her. The genie had the idea about beautifying someone (her?), even in their absence, making her more womanly, increasing her charm. The ifrit had the opinion of just strait up opening her up, both physically and mentally, whatever it meant, using their proximity as power. When Beth went closer to ask them what this was about, they merged together into something half-genie, half-ifrit, but before they could answer, she woke up.