 Saban

"You're sure it's the demon lord you've found?" asked Anita. 

Evona's image in the mirror nodded. "He's got several other demons with him." 

"You're probably right, then," I agreed. "Demons generally only spend time in groups when there is a lord to keep them from killing each other." I thought of my own subjects, and for the first time in a while, I wondered how they were doing. Odds were they hadn't been killed by outsiders. I had a reputation for brutal retribution against those who dared to harm what was mine, so most demons would recognize my mark and leave my subjects alone. Starvation was a definite possibility, though, if they didn't maintain the mushroom farms properly, as was internal conflict. 

I did worry about them sometimes, especially the weak ones, like Runt. I also worried about Estries, newly sent to the demon realm. However, going home to check on them would mean leaving Anita, and she had no way to summon me back. If she tried, odds were good she'd get another demon instead. 

I focused back on the conversation at hand. Evona was speaking. "...and then we can send Saban to-" 

I blinked. "What?" 

Anita sighed. "Pay attention. Evona was laying out the plan for the ambush. We'll need to completely circle the hollow, or we'll risk some getting away." 

"Can't Saban just control them all?" asked the blond wizard who'd helped last night. I'd forgotten his name. 

I gave him a look. "Controlling other demon lords is hard. I wouldn't be able to do it at all if this one wasn't so much weaker than me. Taking control of him will require several seconds of concentration. During that time, the other demons will likely scatter." 

"Won't he order the others to attack you?" asked the other wizard from last night. His name started with an L, I recalled. Lino? Litrin? Licey? 

I snorted. "I'm sure he'll do that at first, but as soon as I start to get into his head, his control over them will break. Then they'll scatter. Actually, he'll try to run, too. I'll need to have him pinned so I can concentrate without him getting away." 

Evona nodded. "So, first we encircle the hollow, ideally without alerting the demons to our presence. Then, Saban goes in." 

I chuckled. "All the flying I've been doing lately has given me an idea. What if I drop in from above?" 

Evona shrugged. "If you think that's a good idea. Once Saban and the other demon lord are fighting, as he says, the other demons will scatter. We'll catch or banish them as they pass the circle." 

I blinked. "We?" 

Evona sighed. "Frankly, I've gotten a bit bored sitting in Rowan Castle coordinating things. Master Wizard Theno will take over for me, and I'll be joining the hunt." She smiled, a sudden feral look in her eyes. "It's been quite some time since I've gone up against a demon." She looked at each of us in turn. "You each understand your parts?" 

The wizards nodded. I rolled my eyes. "Of course." 

Evona nodded decisively. "Good." And with that, she cut the connection. 

It didn't take Anita long to pack. After all, she'd only brought her overnight bag. Saying goodbye to the family took longer.

Anita's mother held her close. "It has been so good to see you. You don't come home enough." 

Anita hugged her back. "I come home whenever I can. I've just been busy lately." 

To my shock, I got a hug from Ian, or, rather, my leg did. A second later, Clara and Bell wrapped their arms around my waist. 

"You're going to come back, right?" Ian asked. 

I awkwardly patted his head. "Next time Anita's here, I'll be with her." 

I caught an odd look in Anita's eyes. Before I could ask her if she was alright, she smiled, and then bent down to grab Ian. "You be good, squirt," she told him, giving him a quick squeeze. 

Clara and Bell got hugs of their own, and then it was time to go. I walked into the stable in my human form, and trotted back out as a horse. Anita mounted, and we were off. 

*

Anita

Several hours after I said goodbye to my family, the ambush was set. I held Saban close. "Be careful, ok?" I asked him. 

Saban snorted. "I'll be fine. You're the one who needs to be careful. If you break something, it takes longer than a few seconds to heal." 

I nodded. "I'll be fine. Don't worry." 

I stepped back and watched Saban go off into the underbrush. A few seconds later, a falcon took off, circled me once, and flew away. I watched Saban as he flew off, until his bird form was just another tiny dot in the sky. Only then, with a sigh, did I look away. 

*

Saban

I'd circled as low over the hollow as I could without giving myself away. Evona was right; it was the demon lord and his minions. If falcons could grin, I would have. Now came the fun part. I absorbed my falcon wings, and began to plummet. 

I shifted rapidly into my natural form as the ground approached. A hundred feet up. Feathers gone. Ninety. Tentacles popped out. At eighty feet, I began to grow. Seventy feet, and my beak and claws were gone. Sixty feet, I was human sized. Fifty, the size of a horse. Forty. The size of an elephant. Thirty. Twenty. Ten- Nine- Eight- Seven- Six- Five- Four- Three- Two- One- 

Impact. The ground trembled beneath me. I was in my battle form, covered in spikes and claws. I was also the size of a small house. I stretched, relishing the feeling of being my normal size. Then I roared. 

The demons in the hollow were all in their true forms. Just as I had hoped, the shock of my entry had stunned them. It hadn't occurred to any of them to run. Not yet. I could feel their terror. My many toothed mouth curled into smiles. 

As my barbed tentacles snapped out to grip the young lord, the other demons turned tail and ran. -Come back!- bellowed the young lord in mind speech, but he could not command them. I was already in his head. 

As the other demon thrashed and squirmed and wailed, rapidly shifting in an attempt to escape my grip. Swiftly, I wormed my way past his defenses, avoiding some and shattering others. I was not gentle. Both physical and psychic pain made the demon scream in agony. 

And them it was over. The other demon lord lay beside me, unable to do much more than whimper. I wondered how Anita was doing. 

*

Anita

The ground beneath me shook, ever so slightly. I heard a distant roar. Saban. 

Master Evona nodded. "That's the signal. Move out!" 

I heard her signal being repeated to both sides of us as the rest of the circle was told. Then, Master Evona kicked her horse into a trot. I followed. 

A trot was the fastest thing a horse could manage in this mangle of undergrowth, so we trotted. I could see the wizards to either side of us getting closer as the circle tightened. I wondered if any of the running demons would come in this direction. 

And then I was no longer wondering. A squealing blue thing came racing to us through the undergrowth, headless of both the thorns and the uncertain footing. 

Master Evona snapped her fingers, and the demon was engulfed in a bright light which lifted it off of the ground. Then Mistress Evona chanted the banishing incantation, and it was gone. She yawned. "I seem to remember demons being tougher to deal with."  

I shrugged. "That one looked pretty weak." 

Most of the wizards halted once the circle was tight enough, but Master Evona and I continued to the clearing. Saban stood there, lounging against a large sapling. He nodded to me, expression smug. "I got him." Beside him, a large, booger green mound moaned softly. 

"Fascinating," Master Evona murmured. "Can you hold him for a bit longer? I'd like to run some tests." 

Saban nodded. "I can hold him for as long as I like." He poked the other demon lord. "Need him to do anything? 

*

Saban

Evona took her time studying the demon I'd caught. By the time she finished, the sky was being to darken. Some of the wizards, Master Evona included, headed for Rowan, intending to ride through the night. Others camped out here. Anita made sure our campsite was well away from the rest. 

"So, mistress," I purred at Anita, already knowing the answer to my question. "I've been a very, very good boy. Do I get to feed?" 

Anita smiled at me. There was an odd look in her eyes. Before I could say anything, or even figure out what to say, her smile widened, and the look was gone. "Tonight," she said, "You get to do anything you want to me." 

I grinned ferally. "Anything." 

Anita nodded. The odd look was back, but I didn't care. "Anything." She pulled out a small bag. "I even brought some toys." 

The toys in question consisted of rope and cloth for a gag. I grinned. "Strip," I ordered Anita. 

"Yes, sir!" Anita said, grinning. 

I watched as she removed her clothing. "More slowly," I told her. "And try to imagine what I'm about to do to you." I fished some tent stakes from one of the bags. 

Anita frowned. "What are those for?" 

I chuckled. "You'll see. You'll see."

Anita's underwear fell to the forest floor. "Ok, now wha- mphh!" 

I grabbed Anita, stuffing her mouth with a tentacle. Her hands I swiftly bound behind her back. Then I shoved her to the ground. 

She was fighting, but only, I knew, for my amusement. Her only emotions were happy anticipation. But even if she fought for real, I knew, at this point she could do nothing to stop me. She was mine. 

With Anita pinned gently to the ground, I bound her ankles to the tent stakes, which I then shoved deep into the earth. Another rope when around her chest, threading beneath her bound arms. I staked that rope to the ground on either side. Then I released her. "Try to get loose." 

She squirmed. "You know I can't," she told me. "I can't even close my legs. I am completely, and utterly, at your mercy." 

I grinned. "That you are, dear one." I looked her up and down, committing the sight to memory. A single tentacle toyed with one of her nipples. "Maybe I should just leave you here for a bit. Go have a chat with your fellow wizards, or something." 

She snorted. "What would be the fun in that?" 

I smiled. "You're not the only one who brought toys." Out of my pocket, I pulled a small harness and a vibration stone. "Recognize this? You were drooling over it at that shop, but you didn't get it. So I did." I tapped the rune to activate it. The stone began to buzz. "I've been saving it for a special occasion." 

Anita blinked, surprised. "I thought you didn't like vibration stones." 

I grinned. "I don't like it when you use them without me. Me using them on you is an entirely different story." Without another word, I knelt, and fixed the harness into place. 

Anita squirmed. "Saban-" 

I swiftly gagged her with the cloth. "I think what I'm going to do is set this stone to tease, and then go do something else. When I come back," I said with an evil grin, "You'll be all ready for me!" 

"Mmph!" protested Anita. 

"Anything I want," I reminded her. 

*

Anita

Normally, I'd be thrilled that Saban was spending time socializing without me making him. Right now... 

I squirmed, trying desperately, hopelessly, to work my clit free of the vibration. "Mmph!" There was a crashing in the bushes nearby. I froze. A bear, or even a squirrel, would be unable to get through the wards. Another wizard, however... And even if it was just some local woodsman, he would still be able to see me! I stifled a whimper and froze. 

The crashing moved away. I breathed a sigh of relief. Then I yelped into my gag as the vibration stone, tuned to my emotions, decided I wasn't paying enough attention to it and turned up the vibration. 

I squirmed, whimpering, and my arousal grew, and then- And then the damned stone just turned off. It was set to tease, I remembered. No matter how long Saban left me here, it would never, ever, let me cum. I moaned in helpless frustration. 

Saban, I knew, could feel it when I felt strongly about something. I'd had some luck lately keeping certain emotions from him, but there was no way I could block his sense of my growing lust. He could feel me, lying here, struggling, almost but not quite cumming. He was probably getting quite a kick out of it. Demons, I remembered, tended toward the sadistic. Apparently even when they were in love. 

I neared climax once more. I began to try to rub myself against the stone. Stupid, the harness kept it firmly in place, but I couldn't help myself. I needed to cum! Oh... The vibration stopped. 

Several minutes later, it started up again. I moaned. How long was Saban going to leave me like this?

*

Saban

I felt Anita nearing climax a sixth time, and said my goodbyes. I'd startled most of them by appearing without Anita, and made more than a few of them nervous. As I headed back into the darkness, I chuckled. Scaring wizards was kind of fun. Maybe I should do this more often... 

Anita's desperation grew as the stone wound down again. I heard her whimper. Stopping just outside the circle of light left by the glowstone, I watched her for a moment. Her power was flaring out from her in wild, lustful spikes. Delicious. I got rid of my clothing. 

I stepped into the light, smiling wickedly. "Miss me?" 

"Mmph!" Anita pleaded. 

I shook my head. "Not yet. I feel like testing my self control." After all, the longer I waited, the better her power would taste. 

I paced around Anita, looking down at her, as she squirmed and whimpered. Mine... I felt a tentacle reaching for her, and stopped it. I wanted to watch her squirm a bit more.

And squirm she did as she almost, but not quite, came to climax. I laughed. "You look a bit frustrated, my dear." I savored the power I held over her. I could leave her like this all night, and she couldn't do a thing about it. My grin widened. 

Anita glared at me. 

The next time I felt her approaching climax, I couldn't wait any longer. I reached out with a tentacle, ramming it into her juicy pussy. Anita jerked in surprise. Then she jerked again as she began to cum. 

I stood over her, watching, as she came and came. I siphoned power up the tentacle in her pussy, and spasmed briefly as the taste of it hit me. Normally, we'd have worked up to this point together, with me taking small sips of her power as she came closer to her peak. I hadn't realized it, but the small sips had been acclimating me to the overwhelming flavor of arousal and lust. This time, I'd taken a straight hit of climax without any preparation. I sank to my knees. Gods... 

By the time Anita's climax ended, I was a bit dizzy. "We need to do that again sometime," I told Anita, ungagging her. 

She gave me a startled look. "You sound stoned." 

I laughed. "Maybe I am!" Tentacles reached out to undo the ropes as I stood. "Your power... If I take it that strong, without preparation..." I shivered. 

Anita laughed. "So, what ne- Oof!" 

The oof was me lifting her up and sliding her down onto my cock. I began to work her up and down mercilessly, one hand under each butt cheek and a tentacle on her clit. Another tentacle looped around her waist, and two more began to play with her nipples. 

Anita laughed nervously. "Saban, I think I've ha- mmph!" Once again, I cut her off with a tentacle in her mouth. 

"You haven't had enough until I say you've had enough," I purred in her ear. "So stow the complaints, and just focus on cumming." 

Anita nodded, eyelids fluttering, "Mmmmmmmm..." 

And cum she did. I felt her pussy tighten on my cock. If she was another demon, that might have made me cum. As it was, it was just another sensation almost lost in the flow of power. Delicious, delicious power... I sighed in satisfaction as, just after exiting her previous orgasm, she entered the next. 

*

Anita

We fucked almost until dawn. I was pretty sure Saban stopped taking my power after about 3 am or so, but he still kept going until I was almost too tired to keep my eyes open. I didn't go to sleep, however. Fishing some magic inks out of my bag, I painted a rune on my palm. 

Saban leaned over to watch. "What are you-" He started as I whipped my hand around, planting the rune on his forehead. "Anita-" 

"Sleep," I told him, and he slept. With a sigh, I slid into my bedroll beside him. I needed to recover power before what came next. 

"It has to be done," I murmured to myself. I tried to savor the feeling of Saban's warm body against mine. After all, it would be the last time. I planned... I planned to banish him. 

Saban was immortal. I was not. Eventually, I would die, and he would be left to mourn for the rest of eternity. The only way to avoid that- The only way- Was to banish him. Banish him, before grew any more attached. Banish him in such a way that he would hate me. I winced. It was the best thing for him, but still felt like betrayal. Heart aching, I drifted into an uneasy sleep.

* 

Saban

I awoke in the center of a pentagram. I traced the lines of blood on the stone with a finger. What had happened? Had we been captured again? Where was Anita? Was she ok? 

Anita was fine, I realized as I stood up. Anita was the one who cast the pentagram. I blinked at her. "What's going on?" 

Anita tossed her hair, eyes hard. "Isn't it obvious? I'm getting rid of you." 

I stared at her, shocked. "Why?" 

Her eyes hardened further. "I don't love you. I never will. Eventually, I'll fall for a human man, and then what?" Her eyes narrowed. "You don't share well." 

I pounded frantically against the pentagram walls. "We'll work it out! Don't do this!" I slammed my shoulder into the pentagram hard enough to break bones. It had no effect. 

Anita began the chant. 

I slammed my entire body into the pentagram. "Anita! Please!" 

The chant continued. 

"I'm begging you!" I pleaded as I pummeled the barrier with tentacles. "Anita!" 

Anita stopped. Looked me in the eyes. 

"Goodbye," she said, emotionless, and I felt myself being pushed away. My eyes locked with hers. "You'll pay for this," I promised my hold on this reality broke. Oh, yes, she would pay. 

*

Anita

As Saban vanished, my self control snapped and I burst into tears. Sinking down on a rock, I reminded myself, "It had to be done. It- it had to be done." 

Saban was gone now. He was gone, I thought as I sobbed, and I would never get him back. 

To be continued in A Demon Scorned...