 Beth woke up in the middle of the night, feeling cold. Sleeping naked and without any covers was a bit too chilly even in the desert night. She lit her lamp (it was magical, only required minimal maintenance and mana), covered herself with a sheet of cloth, then gathered her thoughts.

Even though her dreams were cloudy and mysterious, she was fairly sure now that her current condition was caused her freshly found butt plug. It was common that top-tier weapons or armor got enchanted, their embedded gems working as a storage for the manasource they required, but to enchant a sex toy? And apparently curse it instead of enhancing it?! Why would anyone do that?

At least the itching sensation in her boobs were gone, and they stopped growing (for now, she thought bitterly), staying as a C cup. She examined them more carefully, finally having a tranquil environment and a clear enough mind to do that. They were unreasonably perky, much perkier than breasts this size had any right to be - probably because they were... freshly grown, gravity not having any time yet to work on them.

And they were heavy. Not heavy enough to be uncomfortable, and she was sure her back could handle their weight, but heavy enough that their presence were constantly felt. And, if yesterday's gallop was anything to go by, jiggly, despite their firmness. Beth cupped them with her hands.

She realized she was not entirely unhappy with them. Sure, they were unwanted, and she never even given a thought about expanding her chest, but as she examined them in her handheld mirror, her magical lamp providing enough light even in the middle of the night, she decided they looked really good on her small frame. Sure, they will get some time to get used to (hopefully they won't jiggle too much during fighting), and she would have to alter her clothing to fit her new figure, but it was no big deal. And, as she squeezed them a few times, they provided additional benefit besides looking good. She can come to terms with them.

She was worried, however, if they really stopped growing for good. Any bigger and they would become too big to handle. They stopped itching for now, and they did not grow further during her sleep. If this growth spurt was caused by the butt plug (and she was more and more suspicious by the moment), then this change of pace in growing was probably caused by her... actually sleeping with the butt plug in...? Do they stop growing when she is actually wearing the plug? She could not think of any other explanation for now.

Oh, the plug. She was only thinking about it as the source of her changes, but now she realized she was still wearing it. It felt so comfy in her behind that it was hard to notice, a gentle, satisfying fullness. She decided she should test her theory, and on top of it, she had her biological... duties. She will examine the plug more carefully while it is out of her.

Removing the plug was harder than last time, she remembered, bit still no biggie. And it was as whistle clean as last time, not even having any odors to it. What surprised her, however, was its size. Last time she merely suspected that it has grown bigger, now it was a fact. The narrow stem part was about 2cm (0,8 in) wide, half a cm wider than last time, and the top and bottom parts were about 4 cm (1,6 in) large, including the ruby at the outer end. It was no longer small, and it scared her that she slept so easily with it in, and not even realizing it was inside her when she woke up. On top of that, she actually felt the emptiness in her behind now that she removed it. Whose cruel joke is this?! Why was it getting bigger?

She cleaned herself up, being reserved with the amount of water she used (she was still in the desert, after all), but her enchanted goatskin flask would refill itself from the environment anyway, so she was not concerned. What was concerning, however, was the fact that her index finger was able to penetrate her butt without any real pressure when she washed herself. Spending multiple hours with a plug in certainly makes you looser, she thought.

She dressed herself in her usual clothes, placed the newly cleaned plug on a small pillow in front of herself, then submerged in a meditative trance that was needed for the closer examination of the magical properties of the sex toy. Maybe she would be able to undo, or at least cancel the effects of the plug. She was angry at herself for not paying more attention to the teachings of her father about enchanting; she was much more interested in quick spells that were strong and practical in a battle. Even after a long time of examination, the only thing she figured was a magical signature, similar to how craftsmen and the like signed their work after they were done with it. The name was "Satrin of the Coast".

After about an hour, Beth's trance ended, because her breasts have started itching again. It was not an overwhelming sensation, far from it, but she was so fixated on this "boobs-expand-when-not-plugged" theory that her concentration was easily broken. She was frustrated, but now she at least had a clue, a name that suggested that Stretchington was indeed the right direction to go (the city being coastal). Also, her theory seemed to be correct, sadly.

She considered her options. Being plugged while masturbating, and probably fall asleep with it in was one thing; wearing it during her active day as another. She would have not even considered it in the past, but... it did not seem that bad of an option. After all, no one will know. Even if it grows somewhat, she still should be able to handle it.

Her other option was to go unplugged, and have her breasts expand again. She would reach Stretchington in about two days, and three days of unpluggedness caused her minisclue A cup boobs to reach a C up. She really did not want to get any bigger than this. With a sigh, she pulled her pants, than her panties down, and plugged herself in. It went in easily, and even though she did not really wanted to admit it, it felt good, felt right.

While packing up, she savored her new sensations. Bending over or kneeling put a lively pressure on her new friend, and moving in general jiggled her unsupported breasts ever-so-slightly. I will definitely need some time to get used to this, she thought. 

And riding was much more intense than that. Seating herself in the saddle caused multiple "Oh!"s and "Ah!"s. She was not sure she could handle the stimulation all day, but she had no other option. On top of it, even though she did not force her horse into a gallop, her breast were noticeably bouncing.

She broke camp before sunrise, and using the stars as her compass, she rode north-west. She wanted to reach the coastline as soon as possible, even though it was a slight detour; she wanted to get away from the desert, leaving the nagas, the sand, and the hot weather behind. She had munitions for weeks, so she was not worried about that.

She had to take multiple breaks that day, more than she usually required. She compensated the presence of the plug by sitting in the saddle in a peculiar way, but that caused her lower body to ache all over, and the jeweled sextoy till made her anus sore. And on top of that, she was slightly horny, her whole predicament constantly reminding her how fucked up, and sexed up her whole position was. 

Around sunset, the vegetation around Beth started to change, and she rode further with renewed motivation. She finally felt cold winds across her face. She was getting closer to the ocean. When she found the coastline road, she made camp, sure that she would reach the city the next day. She spent her resting period similar to yesterday - by masturbating. Riding a whole day in the hot desert while plugged made her orgasm record-breakingly fast, her fingers only needing to rub her clit a few times. She fall asleep right after. 

In her dream, she found the usual genie and ifrit. 

"She is going to my master," the ifrit said. "She has figured out where to go.

"I would not worry about it," told him the genie. "She would not be able to do anything about it - anything about us."

This time, she was able to reach them before her dream ended. "Hey, who are you guys? And why are you doing this to me? What is your endgame?" she asked them angrily. 

The ifrit chuckled. "We are nothing but imprints from our masters. You have to ask them personally. And if you thought about leaving us behind, don't bother - our magic knows no bounds when it comes to distance," he told her while pointing to the genie.

She woke angrily, and with a clear had. It was already morning. She hadn't even thought about leaving the plug behind, but it apparently was a good decision to keep it with her, to keep it IN her. Her boobs would be much too big already if she had done that. And reaching orgasm would be impossible. While doing her necessities, she sourly realized that the plug have grown even longer and fatter. The difference was small, but small differences meant a lot for her anus. At least it was not hurting, the rest from riding during the night made it recover, if you discounted the fact that she was able to finger herself with her index finger without encountering any resistance whatsoever. She really needed to get this sorted ASAP - she did not want to have a gaping butthole as a result of all this, or huge breasts as an alternative for that matter.

Riding along the coast, on a paved road, in acceptable temperature and humility brightened her mood. She had also gotten the hang of riding plugged, and her bouncy tits were not really bothering her either. She caught glimpse of the city somewhere afternoon, and arrived to its gates not much later.

The gate of the city was defended by two guardsman, or, as Beth gotten closer and realized, guardswoman. They were armored from head to toe, and armed with a bardiche, but as she rode closer, she realized something was strange. The women had awfully small waists, and their armor was made to highlight that fact, shaped like an extremely tight corset. Their armor seemed fairly impractical anyway, boob plate and all. 

They did not react to her approach at all, so she went closer to the one in the right, and asked, "I have business with Satrin of the Coast, where can I find him?"

That at least forced a response from the hourglass-shaped guardswoman. "Satrin is one of the richest lords of this City. What business do you have with him?" Her tone was rude, and she inhaled quite frequently. That corset-armor-thingy is tight on you, isn't it? Beth thought.

"I have an appointment with him. Where does he reside?" Beth lied. She sounded more confident than she felt.

"On the main road, three blocks, villa on your left. You cant miss it. And don't cause any trouble."

Beth sincerely hoped she would not cause any trouble, but the chances of meeting one of the lords of a city without causing a fuss seemed small. She would have to improvise. 

After thanking the guard, Beth followed her directions, and as the guard said, she found a mansion. Getting in, however, was not that simple - she was stopped by guards who looked awfully similar to the ones at the city gate, and promptly turned away.

Beth made a choice - there was no real chance to meet this Satrin in the traditional way, and even if there was, she really did not have the time to do that. She would just have to cause a bit of a ruckus to get the attention of the landlord.

Flash-freezing the first guard caused no problems, and after dodging the incoming strike from the other sentry, Beth iced that one as well. She entered the building and shouted, "I have important business with Satrin of the Coast. I demand that he speaks with me!"

The hall was spacious, and quite fancy; and also, filled to the brim with people. When Beth saw the wave of the incoming guards, numbering more than 10, she held up her hands, surrendering. Her entry hopefully caused enough attention.

The horde of hourglass-shaped guardians quickly pushed her to the ground, then handcuffed her. As she was being led away, she questioned the sanity of her plan. What if they just throw her in a dungeon? She was starting to lose hope when her escorts were stopped by a slim, tall person, wearing a robe inscribed with runes.

He looked into Beth's eye. "Why do you have my butt plug? And why is it inside you?" came his soft, but demanding voice. Damn, am I lucky or what, Beth thought, her plan apparently working out in the end. Also, how could he tell...?