 "Lead her to my small training chamber. Keep her handcuffed, and gag her - she is some sort of magician, and I don't want any kind of funny business. I will interrogate her personally." The authority that Satrin displayed was scary, Beth thought. At least she found the maker of her hellish device without meddling too much into other wicked business in this wretched city. 

Getting gagged was not really fun, however. The main reason behind muting her was that some magicians were able to spellcast without drawing the runes in the air, simply by uttering the spells. There were rumors about wizards who were even able to cast without the usage of their voice OR hands, but that was probably just that, a rumor. And being handcuffed and gagged was obviously very kinky.

The hourglass-guards led Beth to decently sized chamber, tied her to a chair, then left. Beth felt fairly uncomfortable, her well-being obviously not that much of a concern for her captors, and she also felt positively creeped out when she looked around. The room liked like a dungeon, with unknown devices along the shelves, the light only provided by torches - no windows here. She was left there for a short while. She did not have to wait for long - Satrin's quiet voice interrupted the silence. It came from behind her.

"I have no idea who you are, and where you came from. However, you are in quite a bit of trouble. You wasted some of my finest piece of craftsmanship yet, and I don't like to waste any of my time." He slowly walked into her line of sight. He was thin, tall, and obviously a wizard - his robe was full of rune-patterns, like tiny cobwebs. His face was exactly the same as the ifrit in her dream, if you discounted the different skin color. Despite what he just told her, he looked very calm.

"You probably figured it out, but that plug was not meant for you. I probably should not tell you this, but you are just a small fry, so I don't care - the plug was a carefully crafted trap to one of my relatives. She abandoned the family, and left with a big chunk of our crafting secrets for Multipedete. I cannot do anything about it, I have no authority there, but at least I can remind her where she came from. That is, if my gift actually got to her."

He stopped in front of her, and looked straight into her eyes. "On top of it, this plug was a prototype of joint craftsmanship. It contained enchantments from me, and one of my colleges from Multipedete, who repaid a favor for me. And you have wasted it. The plug links to the person who has an orgasm with it inside, and it cannot be unlinked. And I feel it linked to you, a trashy little bandit."

He walked a full circle around her, then continued. "However, you are lucky. I am in a good mood, and I am interested if the toy actually works the way we intended it to do so. I also saw your performance at the gates, and you impressed me. You froze those two guards without breaking a sweat. So I am going to ungag you now, and will ask a couple of questions. Make sure you don't anger me." With that, he swiftly removed the mouth-piece from Beth's oral cavity. Beth moved her mandible around to get rid of the slight soreness caused by the gag, but otherwise she stayed silent. It was probably the smart thing not to anger this man.

"First, how did the plug end up with you? I sent it with three experienced guards, if I remember correctly. Do not lie, I can tell if you do."

"I robbed the caravan," Beth replied simply. "Your 'experienced' guards caused me no trouble at all." She felt a small amount of pride.

"I can imagine that. However, don't get so full of yourself - you are still just a ruffian. Second, how did you know you have to come here?"

"I made an educated guess. I heard that these... plugs are popular in Stretchington. And your magical signature was easy to read when I examined it more closely."

The last sentence seemed to surprise Satrin. After a brief pause, he simply said, "it was supposed to be hidden. Maybe you are a bit more than just a simple highwayman. Third question, tell me what you have figured out regarding the plug. Be detailed."

Beth blushed. Here she was, in an alien city, talking about a sex toy that was currently residing in her anus. She squirmed a bit, trying to move into a more comfortable position, but it was not really possible. "First, I... I just wanted to try it out. It was really small and kinda... cute. After I used it, I was not able to... reach the summit without it."

Satrin nodded. "Working as intended. Continue."

With some reluctance, Beth did. "I had a dream while I slept with it. There was a genie and an ifrit talking about me." His facial expression told her that it was not meant to happen, but he did not interrupt. "After a while, I figured out that if it was not inside me, my... bust... grew. Really fast, I might say. And when it WAS inside me, it was the plug itself that grew." She felt awfully embarrassed about the whole situation, telling those details to a stranger.

Satrin, again, nodded. "According to the plan. My college from Multipedete is an expert in breast expansion, while I have my tools to deny orgasm, and to stretch an orifice. By the way, the plug is not growing - I shrunk it, and the shrinking magic is slowly fading, hopefully according to schedule. How big is it currently?"

Beth reddened even more than before. "I don't know. How big was it originally? Hopefully not too huge...

Satrin, for the first time, smiled. "It's a trade secret, but it was really big, even by my standards, and my standards are quite generous. And the way things look, you will find out anyway."

Beth turned pale. "You mean... you won't undo it?! You cannot do this to me! I don't want to wear this thing forever! And I don't want to have a... broken butthole!"

Satrin's eyes narrowed threateningly. "Hush, girl. I don't have to do anything. You stole something that was mine, and you attacked my men and women. I have no obligation to help you. And on top of that, even if I wanted to help you, I could not. As I said, this toy is a prototype, I have no means to undo its magic. I just want to see how things progress as time goes by. It will be a valuable experience."

Beth was getting desperate at this point. Will she really have to live her whole life plugged? With a plug that is constantly expanding inside her?! "Please! I will do anything if you undo this!" I will even..." Her cries where cut short by the gag - Satrin had quite an experience handling that device.

"Let's make a deal," he started his monologue. "Again, you are lucky. I have an important and urgent letter to send. The recipient is Gothar, he is a master in Multipedete, and coincidentally, he is my partner in crime in the making of this butt plug. You will bring my letter to him, you seem suited for the task, or at least more suited than my own men. And your haste is guaranteed, unless you want to have a permanently gaping asshole for the rest of your life." He flashed an evil smile to her. This man was scary.

"If you deliver my letter, and bring back his answer, I will undo my enchantment on the toy. And I will instruct Gothar to remove his own enchantment-part as well. Hell, if you do a good job, I will even let you keep it, I have no shortage of money, and I won't be able to enchant it again anyway." Ye, totally going to happen, Beth thought sarcastically.

"Don't even think about running away. Until I undo my part, you will be unable to orgasm without it, and until Gothar removes his part, your boobs will grow and grow if it's not inside you." He squeezed her breasts, as if measuring her. Beth groaned besides the gag. "You would look really exotic with breasts the size of your head. It's mostly a Multipedete thing, but I'm a connoisseur. And judging by your shape, you started out flat as a board." This man knows his breasts, Beth thought.

"I will examine the plug tonight, and write my letter. You will stay in my mansion for tonight. My terms are nonnegotiable. Am I clear?"

Beth had no idea how to respond, but apparently Satrin did not require any responses. He signaled to the guards, and Beth was shorty untied and ungagged, then he then unceremoniously pulled her pants and panties down. Beth thought she would die of shame. 

"It is getting bigger alright," Satrin told her while he extracted the plug from Beth's firm behind. "You are starting to develop a decently sized gape. I like the view. By the way, don't worry about cleaning the toy, it is enchanted to be always pure."

Things were not going as planned, Beth decided. Besides going on an unwanted mission, she has to endure this embarrassing sex-toy for quite a while. The fact that her private parts were just examined by a complete stranger, or that she has to spend the night without the plug, causing breast growth, seemed to pale in comparison. She quickly fixed her clothes.

"You will be given sufficient food and accommodation for tonight. I hope you will not cause any trouble, you look like a smart girl. I quite literally hold your future in my hands." He held up the plug. Goddamn, it was not small anymore. "I have another matter to attend to. Be gone."

As she was led away, she realized she felt empty. She felt so used to the plug that her body actually missed it now. She also felt an itch developing in her boobs. Damn, already?!

On her way out of the dungeon, she met two females who were escorted to the room she just left. They were handcuffed, and barely wore any clothing, but their most eye-catching equipment were their gags. They were not like her small ball-shaped one, but looked like gigantic rods (well, probably penises, she corrected herself) fixed in their mouths. Their throats visibly bulged outwards, but they seemingly had no trouble breathing. Are they stretching their throats...? Holy hell, these people are crazy, Beth thought.

Her room turned out to be not much more than a small prison cell, although it contained a decently sized and comfortable looking bed, equipped with four stable-looking bedpost - probably to make spread-eagle chaining convenient. It also had its own bathroom, but not much else.

After her guards left her, Beth stripped down and took a shower. She felt dirty, being measured and felt up by this Satrin guy. Things are not so hot right now, she thought. Multipedete is pretty damn far away, she would need a week at least to make it there, and she had to come back here again. And that is if there were no troubles on the road.

Despite all that has happened to her today, taking the warm shower was nice. She felt calm and collected, and no one will be bothering her today. Maybe things will turn out to be alright after all. With her combat experience, delivering a letter should be a piece of cake, and she would explore a much bigger part of the world, even if it's not by her choice. Multipedete was said to be a much lovelier place then Stretchington - equally lewd, but a much more friendly place. She might even get a chance to sightsee a bit, and she would be out of Stretchington come tomorrow. 

With nothing to do today, she just let herself soak for a while. The slight itch in her boobs was definitely there now, reminding her of her predicament. She carefully felt around her anus, and she was able to penetrate herself with her index finger without even touching the edge of her hole. The feeling was strange, and try as she might, she could not deny that it was arousing. She would have no trouble taking a dick in her ass in the future. She joined two more fingers to her index, then a third, but not even four fingers felt that tight anymore. She was horrified and excited at the same time. She quickly dried herself, then went to bed.

She just started rubbing her clit with one hand, while straight-up inserting four fingers in one go into her anus with the other, when Beth realized that she would not be able to orgasm. That damned Satrin. 

She was so horny by the time her supper came that she did not even bother dressing herself, just held her hand in front of her crotch while opening the door. She did not need to bother, the female guard did not even raised her eyebrow when she pushed the food-tray in her hand, then left. The food was tasteless, and did nothing to quench her orgasm thirst. Tomorrow could not come soon enough she thought, as the lay in her bed trying to fall asleep.