 Beth awoke tired and horny. She usually had no trouble waking up, but she had an opposite of a good night, her body twisted in the bed sheets, only able to fall asleep when her exhaustion overpowered her sexual frustration. Her room had no windows, but the figured it should be morning already, the mansion noisy around her. It was time to get up.

When she climbed out of the bed, she immediately realized the change in her chest. Obviously spending half a day without the plug would cause her boobs to get somewhat bigger, but it was the first time that she had the opportunity to examine them in a somewhat comfortable environment, and with a cool head - and oh boy, they felt big. They will take some time to get used to. They even might get in the way of her arms as she will be casting spells, and that Beth definitely did not want. 

She could not deny, however, that they felt good. Even small movements caused a tiny jiggle in them, made their presence felt. Her nipples only grew slightly, but she did not need any real help in that department, they were still appropriately sized on her expanded chest.

Beth shook her head. "Enough daydreaming, I got stuff to do." Dressing caused no problems, until she got to her blouse. Try as she might, she was simply not able to button it up over her expanded bust. That did not really surprise her, it was pretty damn tight yesterday, and her recent upsize just caused her to go over the edge. "I have to ask Satrin for some upper clothing," she thought as she put on her jacket to cover herself. Luckily, it still fit, but it was also getting a bit small. When finished, she opened her door and peeked out.

There was a guard just outside her door, probably stationed there to keep her under surveillance. Beth was finally able to examine her more closely. She wore the standard uniform plate armor that was apparently common in the city. The first thing that caught her eye was that she wore about 7 cm (3 inch) wedge heels, also made from metal. The second was that she was corseted - she obviously noticed it earlier, the hourglass shape impossible to ignore, even accentuated by a different, gold-like color of the waist armor-part. Her breasts were large (or at least her boobplate cups were), although Beth sourly realized that she was probably bigger than her now. The guard also wore a helm, covering most of her head, except her stern eyes. All in all, these armors were a decent compromise between aesthetics and functionality.

After a brief chat with the sentry, Beth was led to Satrin's own living quarters, into his meeting room to be exact. The place looked much lovelier than the training chambers, with a huge ornate table and fancy tapestries around, but she had no time to wander around - Satrin was already there, with her familiar plug in his hand.

"Be quiet and listen. I have instructions for you." He was wearing a robe similar to yesterdays, she noted. He continued. "I have examined the plug, and made my notes. It is working mostly as intended, and you will get it back, but this is not why I sent for you. As you will be carrying my official letter, you will be required to wear my clan's, the Coast's, formal attire. I suppose your chest has outgrown your current clothing anyway. Bearing my name is a great honor, and you should feel lucky. I don't doubt your loyalty, I have a very good reason to think you will not deviate from my order, but I still need to emphasize that you will be representing me to some extent, so act accordingly. Follow me."

She followed him into the room next door that looked like a huge dressing room, filled to the brim with wardrobes. "You are allowed to select any underwear from those dressers for yourself to wear. I suggest bras that are a bit larger than your current size, in case your breasts grow some more. And you should chose thongs, they are much better for keeping butt plugs inside for an active woman such as yourself." He flashed her an evil smile. "I would like my messenger to be as comfortable as possible." Damn you, all you had to do was to undo the enchantment, Beth thought, but she didn't say anything.

She ended up picking a royal blue satin bra and thong set. "Try them on. Don't be embarrassed, you don't have anything I haven't seen before. The mirror is on the far left wall," Satrin instructed her. With some reluctance, she stripped down, blushing, then checked herself out in the mirror.

Damn, she was stacked. There is no hiding those breasts. As she turned around to insert the plug, she noticed a definite gape in her behind. Hell, even sleeping plugless did not really change the shape of her anus, it was still open a bit. After closer examination, she measured the narrow part to be approx. 4cm (1.6 in), and the wide part and the gemmed base to be 6 cm (2,4 in) wide. Dang, and she was wearing this yesterday like no problem. And it is going to be even bigger. Much bigger. She really need to speed up this delivery.

The toy went in easily, Beth was getting really used to its constant presence, and the thong seemed to fix it in better than her old undies. Putting on a bra for the first time was a bit difficult, but she managed, and she welcomed the support, even if she probably not needed any with her perky tits. At least they would reduce the jiggling somewhat, and they felt comfy. Her new blouse (picked out by Satrin) was embroidered by his sigil, and also showed major cleavage. 

Satrin eyed her up and down, then nodded, "you look presentable. Here is my letter, defend it with your life. Avoid the desert, fights were happening there recently. Go along the jungle road. Your horse has been fed and readied for you, my guards will lead you there. I have matters to attend to, be gone."

And with that, Beth was on the road again. Satrin was right in many things - she should definitely avoid the desert road, she experienced the fights herself. Going through the jungle was more dangerous in normal circumstances, however. It was filled to the brim with beegirls, she heard.

Satrin was also right in his underwear recommendations. With her tight thong, the plug was no longer moving around inside her, so her ride was much more comfortable. Her breast were still bouncing around, but with the bra, it was not too bad. Her ride was uneventful, Beth was happy she did not encounter any of the slime-creatures that resided in the coastal region. She was really in a hurry, riding from sunrise to sunset, putting a heavy burden on her body. She exhausted herself so much that she even lacked the energy to masturbate at night, putting her long-term problems before her short-term ones. The next day she entered the jungle. 

The jungle was a place for many different species, some of them sentient. Beegirls were the most common of the intelligent ones, but they usually avoided the roads, or so she heard. Beth was not an expert on the subject, but she tried to remember as much info as she could, it might come in handy. 

Her self-inflicted orgasm denial influenced her thinking, however. The only thing she was able to recall clearly was about the procreation of the beegirls. When in heat, the beegirl emitted extremely strong pheromones that attracted the extremely rare beeboys and other humanoids alike. The beeboys's only job was to fertilize the girl's eggs, probably through vanilla sex.

The next part was more interesting. Even after the coupling, the beegirl continued to emit the pheromones, its effects working as an extremely strong aphrodisiac on humans, luring them to the beegirl. After sex, the beegirl filled the orifices of the human with her eggs, then sent them on their way, leaving the victims sober up with an assfull (and sometimes pussyfull) of her offspring's.

Beth was so caught up imagining the process that she did not realize she was already under the aforementioned effect of said aphrodisiac. Her sexed up state made resisting absolutely impossible, she did not even realize that she had already dismounted from her horse and left the main road. The byway was narrow and well hidden, but once found, she had no trouble following it. Her trance only broke when she met face to face with the monster.

Beth could only gape at her. She had no idea how did she get here, or where she left her horse and equipment, but it did not matter, her attention focused only on the beegirl in front of her. The illustrations in her books could not do justice - the girl was curvy, lewd, and beautiful.

The monster did not feel the need to cover herself, her feminine body proudly on display. She had wide hips and large, tear-shaped breasts with pink nipples and areola, and waist length strawberry blond hair. Her bee features were also prominent - the most dominant probably the large beelike abdomen that was visible even from the front, with a visible stinger. Her waist was adorned by a corset-like black and yellow striped chitin exoskeleton, and similarly her legs and arms were covered with similar attachments. She also sported a pair of bee-like antennae on her head, and her large membranous wings were fluttering excitedly.

"Oh my, what have we here?" the beegirl hummed. "It seems I have gotten hold of a female here. Good for me, I am so full of eggs, I need every orifice I can get. Oh, and on top of that, you were able to resist my charm, even if only slightly... that might complicate things. Now then, what should we do with each other?"

Beth had no idea how to answer that question, or how she should react. The thing that she was the most afraid of happened, she got lured by a beegirl. However, now that she was in the middle of it, things weren't looking exactly grim, quite the opposite in fact. It took all of her willpower to resist the urge to just rush the beegirl down and start kissing and fondling her all over. "Maybe I should just... leave," she said finally.

The beegirl's smile was enticing. "Or maybe you should not. Tell you what, I will give you two options. One is to make love, consensually, like two adult females traditionally do in your custom, then I will fill you with my eggs, as is in MY custom. Your other choice is to run, but I will probably catch and paralyze you, and fill you up all the same."

"Not much of a choice, is it?" Beth asked back. She had a really clear idea where this was going.

The beegirl pouted her lips in a sullen look. "Of course there is. You will enjoy the first option, I will guarantee it."

Beth could not resist any longer, the beegirl's suggestive way of talking pushed her over the edge. She started stripping, her wild motions almost tearing her newly acquired clothing.

"Oh my, it seems I have my answer. My name is Ginny, by the way. What's yours?" asked the beegirl while she walked closer. Her breasts and bee-abdomen bounced alluringly in unison. 

"Beth." She was free of her clothing now, except her ever-present butt plug. As Ginny came closer, Beth could not help herself and tackled the beegirl to the ground, then started fondling her large boobs. She noticed a sticky feeling on her hand, and when she examined it, she realized it was honey. Was Ginny lactating honey?

"I am so full of eggs I almost forgot I need a good milking there as well. Can you help me?" the beegirl winked under her.

Well, that answered her question, Beth thought. She started suckling the monsters boobs all over, frequently switching between nipples to keep things even. She liked symmetry, and she certainly liked freshly milked honey right from the breasts of this exotic creature. Ginny was squirming under her, obviously enjoying the sensations.

When the flow of honey ceased, Beth went higher on the beegirls body, licking all the way until her mouth met with Ginny's in a kiss. Beth squashed her firm boobs into Ginny's softer ones as she lay on her partner's body, the feeling new and exquisite. While their tongues danced with each other, their hands were busy feeling up each other's private parts. Beth found everything in the beegirls body in working order as far as her human parts were concerned, or at least her sense of touch told her that as she groped everything her hands could reach. She was really curious about Ginnys unique anatomy.

"That feels amazing, girl," Ginny broke the kiss for a second, "but it would be even more amazing if you turned around. I would like to thoroughly examine what you have down there, and I'm sure you would like to do the same." Beth couldn't agree more, so she complied.

Ginny's lower body held a few small surprises. When Beth licked between her slightly open and plump labia lips, she tasted honey yet again. The liquid was not ordinary honey, it was much more like the standard pussy juice, but it was really sweet nonetheless. She flicked the bee's clit playfully then dug in, determined that she should replace the girl's vaginal nectar with her saliva. She was careful to avoid the stinger nearby.

"Oh my, you are displaying serious skills down there. And... oh you naughty girl, what is this in your butt?"

Beth blushed - party because her oral skills were complimented, and party because her secret has been found out. "You can remove it if you want, but please, keep it safe. I need that in my life." She blushed even redder after hearing her own words, it was such a lewd thing to say. This world is getting to me, she thought.

"Your wish is my command," came the answer behind her. She felt her plug being slowly extracted from her body, but before it popped free, Ginny pushed back in. "Wow, it is big. Your rectum might be so stretched that it should be able to contain every single one of my eggs when we are done. And it might be even enjoyable for you, you are quite wide, but just to make sure, let's widen you even more." And with that, she started to thoroughly fuck Beth's ass with the toy.

Beth had mixed feelings about the situation. The assfucking was much more enjoyable than she thought - now that she was used to being penetrated down there, her body felt nothing but pleasure, her anus stretching then slightly contracting around the toy. On the other hand, she was... not supposed to enjoy this. She still had her morals, did she? And she sure as hell was not supposed to actively stretch her ass even more than necessary. 

Her doubts were shrinking fast, and completely disappeared when the pounding in her anus pushed her over the edge. Beth screamed right into Ginny's pussy, the sound muffled by the slightly gaping organ. The beegirl did not remain idle, she pulled the sextoy out of Beth's gaping behind, then started inserting fingers. 

Beth didn't even had time to properly calm down, the sensation of the smooth plug was already replaced by Ginny's dexterous fingers. "How many fingers do you have in me?" she asked.

"All five. Soon to be my whole hand." Oh god, Beth thought, will she really fist me? Her question was promptly answered when she felt additional pressure in her butt. She was about to protest, but before she could even open her mouth she felt the beegirls hand enter her behind. The feeling was exquisite, knowing that she has really entered forbidden territory, and on top of it, overwhelming. Nothing really mattered anymore, just her anus and Ginny's hand that stretched it open. 

Ginny's hand was certainly busy; first, she explored Beth's insides as far as she was able to while being careful. She only encountered resistance when the bigger part of her forearm was already engulfed by the greedy hole. Next, she pulled her hand out, almost all the way, her knuckles even leaving the orifice, then she started toying with the muscle ring itself, barely pushing in then pulling out again.

"Stop teasing me! Just fist me properly, damn you!" Beth's outcry surprised herself, then shrugged mentally. It's not her fault that it felt so good!

"As you wish." And with that, Ginny started to really work on the human girl's behind, pulling her whole hand out, then pushing in deep in rapid succession. Beth was starting to become frantic. Her whole rectum was being stimulated at the same time, and unlike with the plug, it was living, moving, unpredictable thing that was being inside of her. When Ginny touched her clit with her other hand, she came in a gut-wrenching orgasm.

The feelings were so intense that she barely registered the slight tingly feeling in her arm as her limbs flayed around in ecstasy. Ginny was much more level-headed, however.

"Uh, Beth... I have some slightly bad news for you. I'm pretty sure you just injured yourself on me by orgasming so hard. It's nothing serious, but it means that you will be probably out cold in about... ten minutes. My venom works like that. So let's speed thing up." And that she did, continuing to twist and pull her arm with greater and greater speed, not letting Beth breathe even for a moment, while her other hand continued playing with her partner's clit.

After a couple of orgasms, Beth was pretty out of it. She barely felt Ginny as she first dislodged her arm from the significantly enlarged asshole, then extracted herself from under her. 

"It's my turn to relieve myself now, I guess. Too bad you will fall asleep in the process. Be more careful next time."

Beth had trouble keeping up, barely able to resist the dizziness from the venom and her own exhaustion from multiple orgasms. She felt Ginny's soft bosom on her back, then something strange and sticky and big entering her behind, followed by a sensation that was closest to an enema. 

"You will be leaking my honey and eggs for a couple of days. How will you manage it is your problem, although your butt plug might come in handy." She continued talking, but Beth was no longer able to register the sounds. The last worlds she heard before falling asleep was, "I will pack you full."