 When Beth awoke, she felt all sticky and icky, and her stomach was cramping. Oh right, the beegirl. Her bowels should be filled with eggs right now, and the sensations confirmed that fact. She sat up and assessed the situation.

Between her legs was a decently sized pile of eggs, and buried underneath was her familiar butt plug. Hmm. Ginny, the beegirl probably corked her up with the toy after she was done, but the pressure inside her probably dislodged the golden plaything, and a big chunk of the eggs exited her. At least her clothes were still there where she left them.

Well, no biggie, Beth thought. Less eggs to... shit out now. She excavated her honey-covered plug from the pile of eggs, surprised that she did not felt any real disgust about her strange situation, then went to find some fresh water to wash herself. Dressing up was out of the question, she needed to clean herself first. A spring would be nice, she thought, as she definitely needed more water than her horse usually carried.

While she was not disgusted, she definitely felt uncomfortable. The simple act of walking caused a couple of eggs to escape her gaping anus, plopping down onto the lush jungle vegetation. It was awfully embarrassing as Beth could do nothing to stop the flow of eggs to just come out of her, her anus unable to contract properly. The plug might come in handy for real. Her thighs and backside was completely covered in honey, so she felt a real need to clean up.

Luckily, after a few minutes, she found a large rock with a suitably sized natural basin filled with reasonably clear water. Feeling lucky, Beth jumped straight into it - it had a pleasantly cool temperature, and was about waist high, perfect for her taste. 

As she started actively washing herself, bending over and washing her inner thighs, she felt her backside open up and water beginning to flow in. It felt scary and alien first, but maybe a second enema, this time with water, was what she needed to wash out most of the honey that the beegirl used for lubrication. It just felt so wrong that her behind gaped so open that she accidentally douched herself by simply bending over in waist high water.

Well, nothing she could do anything about it now, she decided, while continued washing and scrubbing the honey off of her thighs and behind. After she sufficiently cleaned her skin, she sat down in shallower water, and let herself soak for a while, relaxing. She might have fallen asleep if not for the occasional egg escaping from her ass, but the sensation was not uncomfortable, only stimulating. 

When she deemed herself and the plug sufficiently clean considering her predicament, she climbed out of her makeshift tub. She had to actually wait for the water to drain from her behind. It was so humiliating, she was really happy that no one was around to see her in her state. She plugged herself up to make sure there will be no unwanted accidents, but the plug, for the first time, did not feel snug and tight - it felt loose. She actually had to use a hand to keep it inside herself. Well, no matter - it will "rise" up to the challenge in time, Beth smirked.

She walked back to her equipment that was left there before... engaging the beegirl. The route was easy to find, she only had to follow the trail of eggs she left the way here. She dressed up and went to find her horse, feeling lucky for having a thong as it kept her toy in her behind without help. She still felt the plug move slightly in her hole, but it was manageable. Her boobs have grown only slightly, she was not uncorked for long.

The rest of the journey through the jungle went smoothly, Beth did not encounter any major problems. The vegetation slowly changed from dense jungle plants to a temperate forest. She was getting closer to Multipedete.

She mused a bit about her friends. Well, they are in for a surprise, she smirked. And she was not sure she will be able to face her dad anymore. At least he don't have to know about the plug, but her boobs would be impossible to hide. And Jalil, her ever observant teammate, will notice the change in her lower parts for sure.

Her daydreaming was interrupted by a noise. Now that she was out of the jungle, the vegetation was thinner, but there were no shortage of trees where it was possible for someone to hide. As she scanned the area around her, she noticed a white tail sticking out behind one of the trees. Or was it two... three tails? She also heard faint giggling.

"Who are you? And why are you hiding?" Beth shouted at the creature behind the tree while stopping her horse. She felt a faint trace of magic.

The giggling became louder as its owner left the hiding spot. It turned out to be a woman, or, as Beth examined her more closely, a fox-woman.

"Are you a... kitsune?" Beth asked her. Kitsune were told to be rare, seductive, and exceptionally dangerous. Beth only had gossip about them, but those stories told about lascivious foxgirls who seduced men and women alike, using their magic to make them appear as beautiful as possible, while hiding their racial fox-features. After the victims were charmed, hot sex followed, then, at the very point of their orgasmic high, the kitsune sucked out the victim's soul. Beth did not really believed in those gossips, but they probably had at least some basis to them, so she was careful.

"You are an educated one, young traveler," the kitsune cooed. "You also seem to see through my hiding illusion. Are you a mage, perhaps?" She did not wait for an answer. "Let me tell you something. I know our kind is kind of notorious amongst your kin. You probably heard gossips about soul-sucking and whatnot." Beth nodded. The kitsune continued, "Well, the whole... murdering stuff is a big nonsense. We don't kill anyone."

While talking, the kitsune slowly walked towards Beth, who became increasingly suspicious. She did not know if this foxwoman was telling the truth or not, but she certainly attempted to hide herself by using some kind of illusion, Beth was just able to see past it. And she continued to come closer to her despite not being invited.

Beth could examine the kitsune in detail now as she continued walking closer. The foxwoman was average height with long, wavy black hair, the flocks somewhat messed up, but in an attractive way. She wore something akin to a kimono, but much more revealing, the top part resembling a red bustier, leaving her shoulders and a large part of her cleavage bare, the bottom part a multi-layered short skirt that came up mid-thigh. She had a very soft, feminine charm.

She also had whisker-marks on her face, and two black fox-ears were present on the top of her head. She had a bunch of white foxtails, nine as Beth remembered, that she kept wagging in an almost hypnotic way. They just looked so... fluffy. 

All in all, the kitsune looked very attractive. However, Beth was not caught off-guard - if the tales were true, she was in mortal danger. She thought up a plan as she dismounted her horse. She will have more than enough time to examine the strange alluring creature if she just engulf her in a block of ice. Better be safe than sorry.

As the kitsune walked nonchalantly closer and closer, Beth murmured a freezing spell, then with a quick move of her hand let it loose. The results were surprising - without moving a finger or uttering a sound, a bunch of blue-looking flames materialized around the kitsune, then met mid-flight with her ice blast, resulting in a small, harmless explosion of steam. Even though Beth prided herself on being a really fast spellslinger, she realized she was much slower than this fox-woman, who was apparently able to cast without moving a finger or uttering a word.

As her shock faded she realized the kitsune was right in front of her. She thought about trying it once more, but it would probably be futile, she figured. 

"You are a crafty one. However, you are also rude. I was just talking, I did nothing to provoke you. Just let me finish what I am about to say, and don't try anything like that, it would defeat the whole purpose."

What purpose, Beth thought? She had no idea what this creature really wanted. At least she did not retaliate, even though she would have been more than capable.

The kitsune walked right up to her, then past her. Beth felt the kitsune's hands lightly touching her shoulder, then heard her whisper. "It is true we are sucking stuff out of you, tough. However, it will not be your soul, merely just a part of your energy, or mana as you might call it. Just enough for me for a decent deal, nothing more. And since you are some kind of a mage, you have much bigger energy resources than most people, so you don't have to worry about anything. Oh, and I can feel that you are possessing some kind of mana-storing device. You should use that to replenish yourself."

Beth had no idea what the kitsune meant, but apparently things were looking much less scary than before. She could spare some mana to feed this woman, and she can recuperate in the safe haven of Multipedete - if it is as safe as people told her. Either that, or risk fighting against this creature, who deflected her surprise attack without moving a finger.

And it would have been foolish to deny that this woman was really charming. Beth had no idea why this woman needed to use illusions to lure people to herself - her body looked exotic. Her boobs were about a C cup, and they sat firmly and proudly on her chest, her nipples forming cute little bumps under her silk. She sure knew how to emphasize them, cleavage and all. Her face was lovely and glamorous, her eyes the color of amber, her vertical pupils wild.

And she had puffy cheeks, further emphasized by the whisker marks on it. Are they tattoos or something else? Her fox-ears were cute, and her fluffy tails... she just looked so... huggable. Despite just experiencing the power this kitsune had, all Beth wanted to do was to hug her.

"Would this mana-sucking include some form of... cuddling? Or more?" Beth asked, resigned that some of her energy reserves will be drained. She was usually much more distant and self-preserving than this, but she just could not imagine herself firing (or, well, icing) another shot at this thing. 

"It includes sex. Since cuddling is borderline sex anyways, I can't see why not," the kitsune replied. "I am Irha. And you are...?"

"Beth. It might sound awkward, but...can I hug you?"

"Oh, you most certainly can."

So Beth did. The feeling was exquisite, the soft feeling of Irha's boobs against her own, the jasmine scent of her perfume, the warmth of her body merged together in a really sensual feeling. While hugging, Beth's hands traveled downwards, lightly squeezing the foxwoman's tails and soft behind. She was just so... fluffy and pliable. 

Irha was also active, her hands going south similarly. While squashing Beth's firm ass, she discovered something... hard between the butt cheeks. Meanwhile, Beth also felt something hard pressing against her crotch, and it was getting harder and harder.

"It seems like we have a few surprises for each other" Irha smiled while Beth blushed. "You probably don't know, but we, the kitsune, have to be desirable for both sexes. Having a penis surely helps with the females." She winked. "You also seem to have something big and hard in your behind. It also has magical properties. Mind if I examine it without your clothing in the way?"

Beth did not mind. This woman in front of her was so desirable that she would have allowed her many more things. Maybe she still got charmed after all?

However, when Irha removed her pants with practiced motions, Beth could not help but blush. Her sense of morality was fading as she got farther in her mission, but it was not fully gone yet. 

"Damn, this thing is bigger than I thought. Much bigger. And you wear a thong to keep it in, huh? Clever." The kitsune placed her hand on the toy, applying gentle pressure. "You probably already know this, but gems this big and clear can be used to store a lot of mana. Mages usually use rings or amulets for this purpose, but you seem to have taken another step in that direction. A gem this big cannot be worn anywhere else on your body, and it needs physical contact with your skin to function. Such a creative solution."

It was something that Beth did not knew, or at least not in practice - she knew about storing mana in gems, but she didn't apply that knowledge on her current predicament. Wearing this plug in the future maybe meant more than just keeping her own waste in. She has also gotten so used to it that she was rarely bothered by it anymore. 

But it was just not that important right now, Beth felt. Irha stripping her down to her thong and gently pushing the resident sextoy in a bit certainly stimulated her body, while the kitsune's penis piqued her interest. She shred her remaining clothing as fast as possible, then started stripping the sexy foxwoman.

Irha did not wear a bra, not that there was any way to realisticly wear it without it showing, and it certainly was not necessary. Her silk panties were red and frilly, the small piece of clothing bulging at interesting places. It was a long time since Beth had anything close to simple vanilla sex, and while the situation was pretty far from conservative lovemaking, Ihra at least had the necessary organ to make it similar.

Beth wasted no time removing the kitsune's last piece of clothing. Irha's crotch turned out to be similar to your everyday vagina (a really cute one at that), but instead of a clit, she sported a decently sized, feminine looking penis. Unlike Beth, who shaved herself bald down there, she left a small strip of pubic hair just above her dick.

"Do you like it? Does it meet your expectations?" Irha giggled. 

Beth answered by taking the organ in her mouth, then started sucking. She was not an expert at oral, she substituted her lack of knowledge with her enthusiasm. The kitsune certainly was not complaining. Beth also had the opportunity to explore the kitune's pussy with her fingers, pulling on the lips slightly, then inserting a finger into her already wet depths.

"Oh, that feels nice," Irha cooed, "but it doesn't do much for you, does it? I have a perfect solution to that." With that, she gently but forcefully pushed Beth on her back, then assumed position. "Here I come."

Irha's penis was only medium-sized, but Beth's vagina was not nearly as stretched as her anus - in fact, it was pretty tight, and it was made even tighter by the plug in her nearby hole. Irha had experience, however, and started out by gently massaging Beth's clit while probing the actual hole with her other hand. When she felt her partner's pussy loosen up slightly, she started inserting her finger, going deeper and deeper as Beth's vagina became more and more relaxed, then followed up with an other finger. 

The feelings were strangely nostalgic to Beth; in her recent journey, every... action seemed to focus on her butthole, her vagina becoming somewhat neglected. That will probably change now.

Irha felt it was time, her two fingers had an easy time maneuvering in Beth's juicy pussy, so her cock should pose no problems now. She entered her slowly, savoring the sensation as her partner's tight hole stretched even so slightly to accommodate her. She also felt something hard on the underside of her cock - the metal butt plug was easily felt through Beth's inner membrane. It was intense. She went deeper and deeper until she bottomed out.

The feelings were amazing for Beth. Finally some vaginal sex! It also helped that Irha was sufficiently careful and experienced, and every motion of her created more and more pleasure. When she opened her eyes, she was face to face with her partner, who decided to lay on top of her for a smooch. Their tongues entwined in a hot kiss, their boobs squashing against each other.

It was not a rushed romp of a frigid wife; it was not a quickie by a whore; it was slow, sensual lovemaking. The kitsune's hips moved ever so slightly, the lips never leaving each other. Beth's hands wandered towards the backside of the foxgirl, finding then squeezing one of the fluffy tails. As if on cue, Irha brought her remaining eight tails forward to caress as much skin as possible on Beth's naked body, embracing her partner's thighs and waist in a fluffly, slightly tickly embrace.

Beth could not hold out any longer, her body tightening in a deep orgasm, her vaginal contractions causing Irha to follow suit. The peak of their lovemaking was the point when the "energy-sucking" happened, causing Beth to fall into a deep, satisfied sleep.