 Beth awoke with a headache. She felt fine physically, but she felt like she just had an exhausting battle where she had to use even her last magic reserves to win. Didn't that kitsune told her that she will only take a "decent meal's worth" of mana and she, as a mage, should not worry about it?

When she looked around, she was surprised that Irha, the kitsune, was still around, sitting on a nearby rock watching her wake up. Unlike her, she was fully dressed.

"Good afternoon, beautiful," she told Beth. "I owe you an apology. I was supposed to only leech a handful of energy from you, but you have gotten me so excited that I took much more. To compensate, I guarded you until you wake up at least."

Beth had mixed feelings about the situation. It was certainly unexpected that a monstergirl would be so attentive; however, that did not change the fact that she needed to rest a couple of days to fully recover. 

"Uhm... thank you for that, I guess. I am heading to Multipedete, if it's not far, I should be fine." She started dressing.

The kitsune watched her dress, especially the part when Beth bent over to retrieve her clothes. "I have examined your toy's magical capabilities while you were out," she told her. "I have no idea why you shrunk it, but it's a nifty idea to train yourself down there. I have told you this once already, but you were kinda.. Occupied at the time, so let me repeat myself: if you can remove the existing enchantments from it, you should be able to use it as an energy storage - the bigger the gem, the bigger the capabilities. You are quite crafty."

Beth blushed, but did not say anything. She was mistaken for someone smarter and lewder, but she did not minded either of those assumptions at the moment. After she finished dressing, she asked the kitsune for precise directions, then, after a fluffy goodbye-hug, left for Multipedete, alone.

The city turned out to be a much friendlier place than Stretchington. Instead of empty streets, the place was like a beehive, constantly buzzing with people. Instead of mansions and castles, the houses were much smaller and more numerous. All in all, the place had a much lovelier feel, the residents friendly and carefree.

What was disturbing Beth was the amount of modified people. One in three people had something visibly modified - extra arms were the most common, but Beth saw quite a few people with extra eyes as well. And, even though Beth considered herself fairly busty now, she realized she was way below average around these parts - most women sported incredibly huge breasts (some even more than two, that disturbed Beth even more), and many of those were quite content showing it off with deep cleavages or even going topless. These people had no shame whatsoever.

When Beth asked around for directions, most people seemed to know where Gothar, the recipient of her mail resided, so she had no trouble finding his home. It was a decently sized house, but unlike Satrin's, it was not pretentious or extravagant. Above the entrance she spotted a sign, "Certified Modifier of Multipedete". 

Her knock on the door was answered by someone shouting a hearty "Come on in!" She entered the building and looked around. There were two people present in a room; one of them was probably Gothar, the owner of the place. He was a tall lanky guy in his late twenties or early thirties, his most obvious features were this four arms. Having more limbs probably helped him improve his work effectiveness, she figured, but it just looked wrong to Beth. His extra arms were right under his original ones, and he moved them quite naturally, he was obviously used to them. He was pretty handsome, despite his oddity.

He was working on a person, probably his client, buy running his hands over her. She was laying on her back, part of her body hidden by Gothar. She was almost entirely naked, only a tiny black thong gave her some form of modesty, but apparently she was not really bothered by it. When Gothar left her to wash his hands (it was covered by some form of white cream), her whole body became visible - and God, what a body it was! She was sporting a ridiculously huge pair of tits, and despite the fact that she was laying on her back, they stood absolutely firm on her chest, the nipples pointing upwards.

She was so mesmerizing that Beth barely noticed Gothar, who finished washing his arms (all four of them), and came over to shake hands. 

"Hello, I'm Gothar. How can I help you?" he asked in a cheerful voice. "You have a good timing, I just finished with my client."

"Hi, I'm Beth. I am a messenger of Satrin of the Coast, tasked to bring you a letter. And I will probably need your help in a... slight problem of mine." She handled him the letter. "But you should read the letter first. It is supposed to explain my situation as well."

Gothar raised his eyebrows, his expression darkening slightly. "What does that guy want from me again? Well, it's obviously not your fault, you just brought the letter. Still, that guy is getting demanding. Let me read it. If you don't mind, you can just wait here. My client, Suzanne, would not mind some form of company." With that, he left through one if the doors.

Beth did not mind waiting, especially since she could ogle this extremely busty blonde who lay on the bed, half-asleep. She probably came for some form of breast expansion treatment, or at least her size and perkiness suggested that. When Gothar left, she opened her eyes and looked at Beth.

"Hello. Gothar seems to have finished with me for today, but I still feel... unfinished. Can you help me with that?"

Beth had no real idea what this huge breasted woman was talking about, but she was curious. "Sure, how can I help?"

Suzanne smiled. "You are a foreigner, aren't you? My request was fairly obvious, but let me explain in detail. You probably figured it out already, I came for my regular breast expansion treatment. Since it includes a massage, it leaves me in an aroused state. Usually Gothar takes care of that as well, but since you interrupted him, maybe you can work as a substitute. Would you mind?"

Beth did not mind at all. The sight of this big-titted slut was so sexy that she had a hard time containing herself, and since she asked for "help", she would be glad to provide it. She stripped to her underwear to allow easier access for Susanne's hands, then went over for a closer examination.

Near at hand, those breasts looked even bigger if possible. They were easily the size of Suzanne's head, with saucer-sized areolas and big, pointy nipples. It was a long time ago since this woman has seen her toes, Beth realized, and it was not because she was fat - she was pretty slim otherwise, actually. When Suzanne lifted her hand to touch Beth's mammaries, her arms brushed against her own. 

"You are quite shy and small, you are definitely a foreigner," Suzanne smiled. "No matter, you look cute anyway. You can massage my boobs, dont be shy, I know you want to. I will take care of yours."

Beth did not consider shy or small at all. She just stripped to her underwear in a totally foreign environment in front of a stranger, and she would probably end up topless in a few minutes. And she definitely did not consider herself small, in fact she thought herself huge, considering she was almost totally flat before her journey begin. However, the people of Multipedete had different standards it seemed.

Well, in Multipedete do as the multipedetes do, she figured as she started kneading those huge, inviting pillows in front of her. How is it possible that they feel so soft under her hands yet they keep themselves so perky at the same time, she mused. It was definitely an arousing feeling, the sensation of those warm breasts nearly engulfing her hand, the pointy nipples poking into her palm. 

She felt her bra came undone (it was a front fastening design), then felt Suzanne's demanding hands cupping her own tits. She was less gentle than Beth, but she knew what she was doing, her demanding hands kneading every part of Beth's boobs. Beth pushed her hands away then lay on top of her, attempting a kiss. Their lips had a hard time meeting, Suzanne's soft pillows occupied quite a bit of space, but after a bit of squashing, they managed.

Suzanne broke their smooch after a while, her predicament probably getting a bit uncomfortable - Beth was pressuring her tits pretty heavily, after all. "We should look for a more comfortable arrangement. Can you turn around? I am getting quite wet down there, maybe you can help it."

Beth agreed, although she would miss the sight of those mountains. As she assumed the good old 69 position, she brought her thighs as close as possible, squeezing Suzanne's hefty mammaries. She was about to remove her partner's flimsy thong, when she heard Suzanne's surprised voice.

"What have you down there? Wow, this is huge." Oh right, the plug. Beth was so used to its presence now that she totally forgot, its pressure a comforting, ever present feeling in her backside. 

She was surprised when she heard Gothar's cheerful voice behind her. "It is one of my finest work, Suzanne dear." Right, Beth thought - my timing might be good, but yours is even better, you damn four handed bastard. Her whole pelvic area was totally visible to the man behind her, her slim thong panties having a hard time covering her pussy, and an impossible time covering her jeweled plug.

"Sorry for the interruption, I will only take a few moments of your time, then you can continue," Gothar said in a happy voice, eyeing Beth's expanded hole up and down. "I have read the letter you just delivered. Besides a few other things, Satrin explained your predicament. Quite unfortunate. He said to undo my part of the enchantment, and I can certainly do that, but it won't be free."

"I can pay you," Beth replied. She was hella embarrassed by showing her goods to this young man, who was also quite handsome. Having four hands might look a bit freaky, but they would be certainly a good addition during sex...

"It is not money that I want. I am certainly not as wealthy as those guys like Satrin in Stretchington, but I am well enough. However, my plan for tomorrow was to gather a specific herb from the plains that I require for my work. Undoing my enchantment will take quite a lot of preparation on my part. If you agree to get those herbs instead of me, I will undo my part on the butt plug."

Oh damn, not this again, Beth thought. Is this mission a never-ending one?

Gothar seemed to understand Beth's concern, even without seeing her face - he was still eyeing Beth's plugged behind. "Do not worry, it will only take a day. And I heard that you are quite capable of defending yourself. Just do me that favor, and I will do yours, even though your mosquito bites could certainly use a bit of an upgrade."

"Mosquito bites?" These people are crazy, Beth thought. Nevertheless, she answered, "Sure. I will take care of it." Hopefully she won't have to fight, because she was still exhausted by that damned kitsune. 

"We are agreed then. You can sleep here if you want, I don't have any more clients for today, just make sure you don't get in the way. Oh, and please continue." With that, he left the room.

"I have no idea what you guys agreed on, but... can you stop teasing me already?" Suzanne asked. Oh right, Beth thought, her mind switching back to the crotch in front of her. She already pulled the small underwear halfway down, the stretchy cloth just on the edge of her big titted partner's clit. She finished the process then dug in.

With newly found skill, her tongue circled around Suzanne's pleasure button, while her hands started toying with her partner's quite prominent outer labia. Without interrupting her tongue movement, she slowly went deeper and deeper with her hands, teasing and tickling first the outer, then the inner lips of Suzanne's sex. After she deemed her partner sufficiently teased, she gently bit down on her clit, while pushing two of her fingers inside the wet hole in front of her.

Suzanne came with a cry, her thrashing body stopped only by Beth's squeezing thighs on her expansive chest. When she gathered herself, she said, "that was amazing, my love. Let me repay your kindness."

Beth climbed off of her, then helped her sit up, because she seemed unable to do so. Damn, breasts that big certainly weighted a ton. It would certainly be an amazing experience having them - tits this big would jiggle a mile even while walking, they would get in the way of everything in a sexy troublesome way, their weight could never be forgotten even for a moment... But they certainly would mean she had a much harder time fighting against people, she would even need to relearn drawing magical runes in front of her, since tits this big project so damn far. They are better when attached to someone else, she decided.

Her daydreaming was interrupted by Suzanne gently pushing her down into a half-sitting, half laying-down position after removing Beth's thong. Her big breasted partner then positioned herself behind her, her soft boobs resting against her back.

"I have no experiences with toys that big, but am I right in assuming they cause you quite a bit of pleasure, yes?" Suzanne asked. Beth nodded. "Figures. Then you don't mind if I just fuck you with it, right?"

She did not wait for an answer, her fingers already finding the edge of the flared base. "It is so big I can barely grip it with one hand. It must be heavy, no wonder you wear a tight thong, it would probably just fall out of you otherwise. And it is quite fashionable, I might say, that ruby looks beautiful." 

Beth appreciated the strange compliment, and she more than welcomed the feelings that originated from her butt. Suzanne was careful at first, but after seeing Beth's reactions, she became more and more rough, pulling the plug faster and faster out of the gaping hole, then pushing it back in again. The feelings were extremely intense for Beth - the way the plug's wide part filled her insides before leaving again, the way her anus stretched out more than usual to let the metal leave, only allowed a moment's rest before stretched open again, the way she felt her partner's soft pillows against her back while Suzanne's other hand cupped her own hefty tits... it was overwhelming. She did not last long.

When she could think again, she realized she was empty - a strange and embarrassing feeling, especially since Suzanne was examining her butt. "Wow, you are quite stretched out down there. No wonder you wear this... device, you really needed to be plugged not to mess yourself. This gape is huge." 

Suddenly conscious of herself, Beth asked her plug back, blushing. When she got it, she examined it briefly. It was really heavy now. The wide part of it was about 9 cm (3,5 in), the narrower 6 cm (2,4 in) wide. Holy hell, she thought, "I am constantly held open this wide..." And rather sooner than later, it will be impossible to hide in pants. The taller part pushed her butt cheeks wide as she put it inside herself. As she stood up to dress, she felt the toy's weight pull on her anal ring, slowly exiting her body, only aided by gravity. 

Damn, Beth thought, holding the plug in herself with one hand while pulling her thong up with the other. She was so stretched that the plug needed something to hold it inside. After dressing up, she received a tight, matronly hug by Suzanne, her head engulfed between the huge mammaries. Apparently her big titted partner only required her thong and pants to dress. After saying goodbyes, Suzanne left, leaving a pondering Beth behind.