 Beth thought about visiting Gothar (she was imagining what he could do with his four hands... and he was handsome on top of that), but she was sexually satisfied for now. She did not even felt the motivation to explore other parts of the city, preferring to just sleep a bit, it was getting dark anyways. She lied down on the massage table in a comfy position, then felt asleep.

She was woken up by Gothar nudging her shoulders. It was already tomorrow. She did not feel like waking up - she was still exhausted by yesterday's mana-sucking, traveling and lovemaking. She yelped when she felt a slap on her ass, the plug pushed in deeper.

"Wake up! Gothar told her slightly annoyed. "I thought you were in a hurry, and even if you weren't, I got work to do."

Beth was about to ask if the pre-mentioned work has anything to do with her, but she remained silent. Her affection to Gothar seemed to be one-sided - she might be able to attract the young master later, but for now, she should focus on her mission, she decided.

"Sure, I will be out of your hair soon," she said, pouting, "just let me take a quick shower. Also, do you have something to eat?"

Gothar rolled his eyes. "You can find everything you need in the side rooms. Just don't get in the way, I got work to do. By the way, this is the flower you need to collect. Just follow the road to Conservatory, when you reach the edge of the forest, look around, it's fairly common."

The plant seemed fairly unremarkable. Beth took the sample, then went into the bathroom to take a shower. Despite experiencing the same yesterday, it still took her by surprise when the plug slipped out of her when she took off her underwear. Good thing it was durable. She washed herself inside and out (she almost fisted her anus by accident, she was so loose), then grabbed her things and left. 

She had no trouble leaving the city, and just after a few hours of riding, she was already at the edge of the forest. Maybe Gothar was right - this mission seemed much shorter than her other one. Beth left her horse to rest, and started exploring the perimeter of the woods on foot.

After a few minutes, she already gathered a couple of the mentioned flowers. She was about to look for her horse, but she heard hoofs clapping in the distance. "Good horsy," Beth smiled, "knows exactly what I need."

She gathered a few more plants, listening to the incoming hoofbeats, when she felt something cold and pointy touching her back. She froze mid-motion.

"Don't move. Who are you? What are you doing here?"

The voice was male and commanding; and the feeling on her back was probably a spear pointing right at her spine. As she did not answer, the voice continued talking.

"What you are doing is a violation of law. Your promises are as worthless as they say, two-legs."

Two-legs? Then surely those hoofbeats must belong to a centaur, instead of her good old horse. Since Beth's mana reserves were far from recovered, and she was in a fairly disadvantageous position anyway, she thought about a diplomatic solution.

Centaurs were a wild bunch, but they usually left humans alone. They lived on the plains - the very place this forest was bordering, she realized. They were the domineering force around these parts, and even though they were not aggressive, they were easy to provoke.

The problem was that Beth had no idea what law she just crossed - what did she even do? Picked up a couple of plants? That surely can't be it! The centaur continued talking:

"What you are hoarding so carelessly is the Grass of Growing, its flower used in our sacred rituals. You are not allowed to just take those." He stomped angrily, then continued. "And on top of that, I have also seen that... creature that brought you here. That animal that you, two-legs mount to travel is a disgusting disgrace, it stained my eyes when I saw it. As compensation, I will be taking your valuables."

Beth had other ideas, but she still did not say anything - nothing convincing came to her mind. She slowly turned around, careful not to make any threatening moves. She felt the tip of the spear scrape her clothing as she finished rotating.

It was a centaur, alright - a graceful, mighty creature. His bottom part was that of a horse, its coat a beautiful chestnut color, its tail carried high. Instead of a neck and head, however, an upper part of a human continued - and what a body he had! He wore no clothes whatsoever, his bronzed skin shining in the high noon sun, emphasizing every well-developed muscle he had. His human part was entirely hairless below the neck, and above the neck he wore his black hair in a stylish ponytail. His face was very handsome even though he sneered at her.

Beth considered her options. Normally she would just entomb a creature like that in a block of ice, handsome he may be, but she did not feel confident casting spells in her drained state. And his spear that was currently wedged in her cleavage certainly made peaceful options more tempting. Would he really just thrust his spear into her if she made any sudden moves?

Well, she would not mind if he thrust... something else inside her, she realized. This creature was radiating raw maleness, and she could not help but be attracted to it. She clenched and unclenched her anus around the huge plug as her gaze slowly mapped the lower parts of this creature. Unfortunately she did not have clear sight of the most interesting parts from her angle.

"I have a different proposition," Beth said finally. Leaving the plants behind was not an option, and she also wanted to keep her own stuff. "You seem like someone who can be reasoned with. If I can keep my things, I would be glad to... satisfy your needs. Any kind of needs."

Beth barely believed she just said that, but the past weeks has certainly loosened her morale up to the point where she would not mind having sex with this centaur in front of her. She kept glancing down towards the horseman's crotch, but sadly she could not even get a glimpse down there.

The centaur looked at her with a questioning expression, then cocked his head to the side, and... burst out in laughter. 

"Is this about what I think it is? You shameless girl, even if you are willing, I am too much of a man for you. You two-legged creature, you would not be able to handle my needs... or my size."

Beth could not help but smile at that. This cocky centaur is in for a surprise. Sure that he won't hurt her for now, she grabbed the spear with one hand, then used the tip to deepen the cleavage in her shirt, revealing most of her bra.

"We should try it nevertheless. You might find something unexpected."

Beth was right, the centaur seemed to lost interest hurting her. He even let his spear down, his curiosity winning over his fighting spirit.

"You know what, girl? I will give you a try. If you can satisfy me, you are free to go, and you can grab as many of those plants as you can. Hopefully you are an expert with your hands and mouth, otherwise I might seek my own satisfaction with you, and you don't want that."

As Beth circled around the centaur, she realized that that was exactly that she wanted - the centaur's dick was monstrous, it's width comparable to her plug while being longer and, most importantly, it was a living thing, connected to a hot, handsome male, not just an object. It looked almost exactly like a human penis, the only big difference was in size, but what a difference it would make!

Beth knelt down at the creature's hind legs, and started exploring with her hands. With a penis that big came a pair of balls that were just as big and heavy, as Beth lifted them carefully, amazed by their size and weight. She grabbed the base of the dick, having a hard time reaching around the hardening organ that seemed to go on forever, then started pulling the foreskin back and forth. The noises above her head indicated that her actions did not go unnoticed. 

The dick seemed to slowly reach its final form, and Beth could not help but wonder whether if she would really able to take it inside herself. It seemed colossal now, even wider than the bigger part of her plug, and unlike her toy, it did not have any narrower parts to make it easier on her poor anal ring. Its length would be impossible to fully take, Beth decided, but she should try her best. 

She still did not told him that she actually wanted to take the dick inside herself, wanting to surprise the centaur, but it was too high in this position. She would never reach it with her butt, unless she just asked him to lower himself a bit.

"Can you kneel down, uhm... what is your name?"

"It's Darko. Make sure you remember it. Why do you want me to kneel?"

"Just to make things more comfortable down there. Don't worry, its nothing... suspicious." 

Beth was busy undressing as the centaur slowly lowered himself, careful not to hurt the female underneath him. Beth took off her pants and thong, letting the plug to just fall out of her to the grass nearby, laying the shredded clothing under her knees to make things more comfortable. By the time the centaur was done lowering himself, she was naked herself.

"Here it comes," she thought, assuming position, kneeling just before the monumental dick behind her. She slowly lowered herself until she felt the tip of the penis touch the rim of her gaping anus, then lowered herself even more. She savored the feeling as the head of the dick slowly entered her, giving her a slightly painful, but mostly enjoyable stretch.

"Woah, girl," came a question from above her, "that is not your mouth or hands. What are you doing down there? I can't see you."

Beth, feeling triumphant, taunted him, "Oh, nothing much, just taking your tiny prick in my ass. I did not know you horse-people were so small down there."

Darko just snorted, enjoying the sensations too much to be provoked by this apparently wide-open whore. He continued sitting on his hind legs, letting the girl do the fucking herself.

And Beth was busy doing just that. Once the head of the dick was inside her, the diameter of it decreased slightly, making her more comfortable going deeper, craving more and more. She continued down on the pole, quickly reaching the depth her plug usually penetrated her, but her anal ring remained slightly painfully stretched as she descended even more. She looked down when she felt serious resistance in her bowels (probably at the turn of her intestines), and was surprised when she found a huge bulge right on her otherwise flat stomach, going as high as her belly button.

"Damn, I was able to take a dick this big without breaking a sweat, that plug surely stretched me out," thought Beth as she started rising up a bit for a change, watching the top of the bulge disappearing on her flat stomach, feeling the void replacing the hot meat inside her bowels a she rose. She slowly and carefully started to actually fuck the huge dick, placing her hands on her belly to feel the progress inside her, her anal ring remaining stretched all the way.

Her first orgasm was fast to arrive, triggered by a tiny flick by her hand on her clitoris. She felt herself sink even deeper than before as her legs no longer supported her, the huge hot column of a dick filling her even more than before. She blacked out briefly. 

She awoke to the feeling of motion, strong hands around her back and knees, hot breath against her neglected boobs. Oh, her shining centaur-knight is picking her up in a princess-carry! She closed her eyes as she focused on the huge void inside her ass - she was far from satisfied.

She yelped in surprise when the centaur unceremoniously dropped her down on a nearby tree trunk.

"On your hands and knees. I told you I will seek my own satisfaction if you cannot handle it, and even though you came, that did nothing to me except made me more excited and frustrated. So assume position, and let me fuck you with my so-called "tiny prick"."

This was certainly unexpected, Beth thought as she obediently moved into the ordered position. Maybe taunting him was too much? But there was no helping things now, kneeling on the tree trunk put her anus just the right position to receive a fucking from the now standing centaur.

Suddenly she felt her butt cheeks and anus widen as Darko thrust into her forcefully. He was much less careful than Beth was, obviously, only caring about his own sensations while letting Beth handle the stretch. Using his strong muscles, he started to really just churn inside her, going most of the way out before thrusting himself deep in again. The feelings were overwhelming for Beth - she realized she enjoyed this kind of fucking possibly even more, despite having no control whatsoever over the happenings. She came again.

Darko raised his eyebrows. "Your contracting muscles tell me that you peaked again, slut. But I'm not done with you yet - despite of your trash-talking, you are quite shallow. A big chunk of my dick still remains dry. I hope you are prepared, because I want to go balls deep."

Beth barely heard him, but she certainly felt the pace of the assault on her ass increasing even more. The centaur used more and more force, going deeper and deeper, really stretching the insides of his slut now. Beth felt her bowels straitening ever so slightly with every thrust she received, the void inside her growing even bigger when the centaur retreated to prepare for the next advance. She slowly entered into a near comatose state as she felt her anus and rectum stretch even wider than before. When Darko finally pushed in balls deep, ejaculating a huge amount of sperm inside her, she passed out in a last orgasm.