 When Beth awoke, she felt sore and itchy. Apparently Darko, the centaur left her on the tree trunk when he was finished with her, buttnaked and unconscious. It was already dusk, so she must have slept there for quite a while.

When she sat up, she realized she will still filled down there. It was not her usual plug, but something else, something much more uncomfortable. She gingerly felt up her butt, and after a bit of touching she realized she was filled with... plants. Darko, that damned centaur actually packed her ass full of the very plants that she was supposed to bring home. 

She started to unload the stuff from her butt, feeling extremely humiliated and degraded, using both her hands and inner muscles to speed up the process. This centaur was miles away from the attentive and nice kitsune. However, his dick was so much bigger...

She was fairly fast in voiding herself from the plants, when she stood up, half of it just fell out of her, thanks to her gaping and open anus. As she was finishing pulling the last stalks out from herself, her hand going as deep as possible, she realized she needed to look for her plug. 

Oh, the plug. No wonder she felt so itchy, the imbedded magic already working on enlarging her boobs. Fortunately she did not spent that much time without it, so the growth should be fairly tame, assuming she can find it as soon as possible. Luckily, it was right where she left it - it would have been catastrophic to leave it behind.

Realization hit her as she plugged herself back in, the huge toy feeling smaller than ever despite its huge size in her gaping behind. She actually came without being plugged! Even multiple times! Was it malfunctioning? Or, possibly nearing to its final size? Would it even stop working then?

Beth doubted it was either. Satrin, the main creator, was too good at his job for his toy to just malfunction like that, and she was fairly sure the plug will get even bigger. It probably wouldn't even stop working if it reached its final size. It must be something else. The growing part did not really bother her right now - it actually felt small in her, thanks to the stretching the centaur's huge dick gave her. It would feel more comfortable and snug if it grew slightly, Beth mused as she dressed up. 

She thought about making camp for the night, but after sleeping through the whole afternoon, she did not feel the need. She examined the plants that were occupying her ass a few minutes ago, and even though she felt slightly disgusted, she packed them up for delivery. She didn't want to waste time here any longer, neither by picking plants or sleeping. It was getting dark anyway. 

Luckily, she had no trouble finding her horse - unlike the other equine creature, this one was faithful and trustworthy. After gathering her stuff, she summoned a magical light source around her to illuminate her path, then headed back to Multipedete. 

She encountered no real problems during her ride, and arrived safely to the city around midnight. The streets were mostly empty, people already went to sleep, but luckily Gothar seemed to be a night owl, indicated by visible torchlight shining through his windows. 

"You work pretty fast, don't you?" Gothar greeted her when she entered his home. "Understandable, I guess. Did you bring the herbs?"

Beth gave him the plants, blushing - there was little chance that Gothar would not notice that something was... fishy with them. Luckily, he just set them aside.

"And I guess you want me to undo my enchantment as soon as possible, eh?" When Beth nodded, he nodded. "A pity. It is a masterpiece in craftsmanship. And you certainly could use some help... up here," he said as he nonchalantly poked her right breast with one of his many hands.

"Excuse me! I'm satisfied with the size of my boobs, thank you very much. And I don't know about Multipedete customs, but from where I came from, it is extremely rude to just poke a lady's breasts like that!"

Gothar just shrugged at that. "It's not a big deal around here. You should deal with small stuff like that, especially when you are asking for favors. At any rate, prepare for some further enlargement up there, because I can't work on it while it is inside you. And it will take my whole night just to undo my enchant."

Beth calmed down a little. Deep inside her she knew that the source of her agitation came from the fact that Gothar might not find her attractive, rather than the uninvited touch. "Fine, I guess I don't have a choice in this anyway."

"I'm afraid not. I have a guestroom, take a shower, rest, or do whatever you want, just let me finish what I'm doing. I need to earn a living, you know. Just give me the plug in like, half an hour. And wash it thoroughly before, please."

This guy was starting to get on Beth's nerves. It was even worse because he looked handsome, and his four hands were certainly capable of doing wonderful things. Feeling offended and angry, Beth rushed into the aforementioned guestroom. 

After cooling down a bit, she hopped into the shower, washing herself and the plug alike. Before dressing up, she examined herself in the mirror, especially her ass.

"Oh my gosh, I am truly huge..." Her anus was a ridiculously big sized crater, absolutely refusing to shrink in any shape or form, even though it was unplugged. Its edge was slightly red, thanks to the centaur's rough fucking she took earlier, but it did not hurt at all. It felt totally fine, it was just... huge and open. The only reason it closed slightly was because of its position, between her buttocks, but even when she closed her legs, it was still a vertical, gaping chasm, still visible from behind.

Beth was surprised when she realized that the sight actually turned her on. Two weeks earlier she was an anal virgin, but now her anus was in a permanently open state. It filled her with a strange pride - she was able to take even a centaur's gigantic dick in her behind without breaking a sweat. That big mouthed Gom, her teammate, who often bragged about his huge member would not be men enough to satisfy her anally anymore. 

While posing before the mirror, she felt her boobs itch. Not wanting to get breasts bigger than necessary, she put on a fresh pair of thong and bra. She was about to pull up her pants when she realized that her panties were already wet - her own ass and Gothar's presence made her horny before she could realize it. Feeling seductive, she decided to just leave like that - if feeling boobs up was not a big deal around here, then walking in lingerie was certainly no biggie either. Maybe Gothar would realize her charms now.

"You sure took your time. Give me the thing, I have much to do," Gothar told her while sitting at his work desk, only extending one hand behind his back without turning around. Beth gave him the toy, that actually required both hands to hold thanks to its ever increasing weight, then stormed off, huffing and puffing. 

She run back into her room, more frustrated than ever - Gothar's indifferent attitude pissed her off. He didn't even glance in her direction. So much for her attempted show. She put out the torch in the room with a flick of her finger, then fell into the bed, trying to sleep.

Rest did not came easily on her - in fact, it did not come at all. She felt frustrated, physically and mentally, and on top of that, empty. Her ever-present butt plug was just... missing. She realized she would not be able to sleep like that, and on top, her breasts kept itching, indicating slow and steady growth.

She tried masturbating, her hands going down to her nether parts, stimulating herself both vaginally and anally, rubbing her clit like a woman possessed - but it was futile. Whatever caused her ability to orgasm without plugged was gone now.

She got up, relit the torch, and contemplated her options. She wanted to sleep peacefully, planning to rush towards Stretchington tomorrow, with job well done, but even more than that, she wanted... release. Was a climax too much to ask? She decided to try her luck with Gothar one more time, as annoying as he was. She examined herself once more in the mirror, cupping her sizeable boobs. Surely they were not that small anymore...? She traced the line of her panties with her hand. Her pussy totally soaked through her skimpy thong. She was hot, so hot -- there is no way Gothar can resist her!

She entered his workroom again, and walked towards him without even waiting for a response. He didn't see her, but he certainly could hear her.

"Cannot sleep, hmm? Figures. I might say... hmmm!" his monologue was interrupted by Beth, who forcefully turned his head towards hers and gave him a deep, long, wet kiss. At first he could not react, but after a brief period of realization, he kissed her back.

"I... need a release. I need... you," Beth gasped when they finally separated. "I am so aroused that you need to use force if you want to deny me."

Gothar raised his eyebrows. "Don't you find me... grotesque? Foreigners usually just freak out after seeing my four arms. Doesn't that disturb you?"

Beth smiled at that. Was the reason of the rejection his lack of self-confidence all along? "Hell no. I mean, it is kind of strange, but I bet you could do wonderful thing with them. And the more I look at you, the more handsome you get."

Gothar did not consider himself handsome, but he was far from being ugly. He thought that his popularity with the local females stemmed from the quality of his work, but it was only partly true - there were rumors about his incredible skills in bed as well. His lanky figure and well-groomed looks also helped him to find clients.

Beth quickly tore off her bra and threw it at Gothar's face, laughing as the lingerie covered most of his head. "I hope my 'tiny' boobs will suffice, and even if not, I can compensate elsewhere."

Gothar remained serious. "I really would not mind making love to you. However, that would delay my work, and it would further increase the size of your breasts."

Beth was way beyond caring at this point. She just pushed the Master to the ground, turned around and pushed her ass into his face on her hands and knees. "Just fill me up!" came the order.

Gothar was amazed by the sight. Beth's asshole was like a gaping chasm, the thong like a narrow bridge stretching over it, not even close to covering it. He had no hope of filling it with his slightly above average member - but he had other appendages to do so, more than most! He pulled the sad looking lingerie down with two hands, while his other two took turns cupping the mound of her pussy, teasing rather than penetrating. When he judged the amount of pussy juice sufficient on his hands, he switched his pair of arms, and slowly and tentatively inserted his hand into her gaping butt.

Gothar's hands were slightly below average - he was thin, lanky guy, after all - but he was still a male, his width significantly bigger than the beegirl before. Despite that, his first hand encountered no resistance whatsoever, barely touching the rim of the anus. He started adding fingers from his second hand, while his other pair was busy with her pussy, one hand dedicated entirely to her clit pinching and rubbing it, while the other started inserting fingers to the gushing vagina. 

Beth had a hard time focusing, but she wanted to return the favor as best as she could. She opened his robe, finding only a pair of underwear beneath - Gothar was not a fan of overdressing, it seemed. The boxer already had a sizeable tent around the crotch, so Beth wasted no time, and removed it altogether. His dick was totally hairless, and had a healthy size - it would feel nice and snug in her pussy later. 

Meanwhile, Gothar was far from idle - Beth's ass had no problems eating four of his fingers besides his other hand, and when he gave a little push, it submerged without much difficulty. He was amazed how pliable her ass was - the plug was doing a really nice job stretching her. He was curious about the limit of this girl now, so trying his best to function despite his dick being sucked on. 

He pushed his two hands deeper, exploring the cavern inside, while lessening the strain on the anal ring itself. He started probing the opening with his third hand, amazed when he was able to penetrate with a finger, then with two. This girl was stretched beyond repair.

Beth looked back over her shoulder, flashing a grin. "What are you pussyfooting around? Just fill me!"

"All right, girl. You asked for it." With that, he started pushing in with his third hand. Things were getting crowded there, but he kept pressuring, and was genuinely surprised that his hand actually made progress, slowly but surely catching up to his other two inside. He heard a loud whimper from Beth when it finally popped in, the anus stretched in a wild triangle shape, her pussy stretched thin around it.

"I'm not done with you yet," grinned Gothar. He was starting to get the hang of this. "I managed to push three of my hands inside that ass of yours, but neither of them are squeezed into a fist yet. I hope you are prepared." 

And with that, he started contracting his fingers on his innermost hand. Since it was inside the deepest, he had no problems making an actual fist. His middle-depth hand had a harder job, it had to share space with one of his forearms, but Beth was so much bigger and looser inside that even that was not a real problem. 

The real challenge came when he tried to squeeze his third, final hand beside his other two forearms, barely inside the anus. Ignoring Beth's groans, he slowly and meticulously, inch by inch, pulled his fingers closer and closer to an actual closed position. He moved his two other hands in and out as much as he could, trying to loosen up the girl even more. After a good five minutes of pushing and prodding, he succeeded closing his third arm.

"Girl, you are beyond redemption. I actually managed to make three fists in your ass. You will never close up anymore."

Beth felt ecstatic. Those three fists filled her up to the fullest, and she felt every movement and motion inside her. Every comprehensive thought left her mind when Gothar really put his arms in motion, pushing with one hand while pulling the other, but keeping all three inside her. She came really close to orgasm when Gothar pulled his outermost hand halfway outside her, stretching the anal ring as wide as her bowels previously have been.

And yet release never came. She was simply unable to reach the peak without that damned plug.

"Plug me up, Gothar. I cannot orgasm otherwise. You are free to do anything you want with me."

Gothar has realized this long ago - the girl would have turned into an orgasming mess a while ago if not for the curse. He was just curious about the current capacity of Beth. He started to really appreciate this whole stretching thing.

"As you wish, my princess. Anal plug, coming up." And with that, he started to pull out all three of his arms - at the same time, while still squeezing his hands into fists. He watched the anal ring reach a record size as his appendages exited her body.

Pushing the plug inside right after required no more than a finger, the gaping hole accepting whatever came its way inside. It practically fell inside her up to the really wide ruby-part. Beth was already on the edge of climax, the entering of her well known toy inside her pushed her over the edge, her pussy clamping down on the two fingers that Gothar pushed inside her, her ass trying and failing to contract around the narrow part of the plug.

Gothar did not give her any rest, however - after all, she just told him that he could do as he wishes. He grabbed her around the hips, turned her face-to-face, then rolled over, landing on top of her. Two of his hands found her breasts, giving each a massage, while his third adjusted his hard cock to her vaginal opening. He pushed inside.

It felt magnificent. Her muscles were still squeezing him thanks to her recent orgasm, and he felt the hard presence of the gigantic sex toy on the underside of his cock through the thin membrane that separated her two holes. She was tight, oh so very tight, the toy occupying most of the available space inside her. He lay down on top of her, feeling her breasts flatten slightly under him, her hard nipples, like tiny thumbs, making their presence felt on his chest. He sneaked one hand down towards Beth's clit, finding and rubbing the tiny organ while using his hips to push in harder and harder. They reached their orgasms in perfect unison, Beth's pussy muscles contracting the same rate as the wave of sperm just squirted and squirted inside her.