 Beth awoke feeling satisfied, if somewhat uncomfortable and dirty. She was still on the floor, where their lovemaking with Gothar took them, but at least she was covered by a comfy blanket. 

"Not an early riser, are you?" 

Gothar's voice came from behind her as she sat up, cheekily covering herself with the blanket she slept in.

"I rode practically all day yesterday, and I had quite a bit of sexy time. I'm sure you didn't forget that, Gothar." She didn't even mention her encounter with the centaur.

"Sure thing, I'm just teasing you. Anyway, I took the liberty to start the de-enchanting process as soon as I woke up. I hope you don't mind. I'm fairly sure that you want to get this whole thing over with. To be honest, I'm not that experienced in disenchanting things - no one is, really. I usually do just the opposite. I suggest that you take a tour in the city while I finish things up, it would take a few hours at least."

Beth hand no objections to that. She stood up, letting the blanket fell away from her body. She walked to a nearby mirror to survey herself. 

Sleeping through the night and probably most of the forenoon caused her breasts yet again to increase in size as their slight itch reminded Beth to check them out. The increase seemed small, but since it was on a daily schedule nowadays, it seemed to just pile and pile up. When she steeped in the tub to take a bath, she realized her ass was clogged up with some sort of cloth. Gothar, the cheeky bastard, probably corked her up to avoid any possible accidents that might be caused by her wide open back hole. She still felt numb back there, yesterday's rough session making itself felt.

Submerging in the hot tub felt really good, washing away the kinks and cramps caused by sleeping on the uncomfortable floor as well as getting triple fisted yesterday. She thought about getting an enema for herself, but chuckled when she realized the absurdity of her situation - she certainly needed to be clean down there if she were to leave unplugged for an uncertain amount of time, but the only thing she needed to achieve inner cleanness was to open her legs and letting the water flow in. So she did just that. She soaked there for a while before deciding to dress up.

When she tried to put on her usual bra she realized that it was just not going to fit her anymore. It was already tight the day before, and now, no matter how hard she pulled on the straps, it would not latch. Resigned to go braless for her exploration today, she pulled the rest of her clothes on then left the house.

Walking braless with her current size was a new experience. Her shirt did nothing to support her chest, and on top of that, it showed even more cleavage than before thanks to her recent expansions. It was also tight - her nipples were slightly visible if you really looked. And the jiggling was real, and she was just walking - she wasn't even riding yet! Her first destination will be a place where she can buy a proper bra for herself.

It was also strange to be plugless. First it felt liberating - with the heavy metallic device gone, she walked easier, she felt lighter. However, it was also strange, in an almost kinky way - she was so used to the plug's presence now that the emptiness constantly boggled her mind. It was just strange and somewhat uncomfortable.

She was quite torn about what to do in the long run. If Gothar can remove his enchantment as promised, she was free to leave the plug behind, only requiring it when she wanted to have an orgasm - but, even if she tried to deny it, she knew that the metal jewel completely reorganized her sex life, in a really liberating, enjoyable way. And it was not a real burden to wear it now, in fact, it would be much harder to quit wearing it - her bodily functions depended on it now. 

She was still musing about the topic when she arrived to the lingerie store where she intended to buy a new bra - or a few. The owner of the shop (a lovely older lady) was happy to take her measurements (she was hardly surprised when she found out that her boos were an E cup now), and shown her the section where she could find bras that fit her. It was actually the smallest size that was sold - anything smaller was in the "kid" section. Multipedete surely did not joke around with its name. 

The bras were super comfy and super sexy at the same time - even the most conservative ones were lacy, and the daring ones were either see-through or just half-cups that left most of the boobs exposed. After trying on a few, she brought a couple of the lacy ones - she felt much too exposed in anything skimpier. She felt more covered and decent this way, and the jiggling was significantly reduced - but it pushed her tits up higher, showing an even more prominent cleavage. She felt more than okay with it - most women in the town wore skimpier clothing then her, she was actually quite conservative here.

Her second destination was a clothing store. She was still undecided whether she would use the plug or not, but if she will, she definitely needed a skirt - pants just won't do anymore, the sheer size of the plug would be totally visible from behind, protruding from her butt cheeks. Similarly to the underwear earlier, most of the skirts where skimpy or really small - she brought one of the longest ones, but even that came short of her knee when she tried it on. 

The other stuff she brought was less interesting - just rations for her horse and herself - but she also brought a sidesaddle. Riding in a skirt was hard to do otherwise. It would put less stain on her poor butt as well.

The town itself was vivid and vibrant with life - men and women were chatting and laughing here and there, and most people seemed happy and content. It showed a sharp contrast from the rigid and strict Stretchington - she would much rather live here if she had to. She still found the people living here much too lewd for her taste, but maybe... maybe she fit here better than before.

She spent a lot of time just sightseeing and watching people live their daily lives before made her way back to Gothar's. She saw a redhead chick just storm out of the house when she made her way there, looking angry and running past Beth.

"What was this about?" asked Beth when she entered the workshop. Gothar just shrugged.

"Nothing to concern yourself about. However, there IS something that concerns you. Not sure you noticed, but I was able to undo my enchantment, so... your breast expanding days are over."

Beth actually did not realize that - she was too occupied to notice. She lifted them up (blushing as she realized Gothar was checking them out as well), measuring them. Overall, she felt happy - becoming busty was not something she really wanted before, but now that she sported a large pair of boobs, she realized their apparent advantages. She was also happy that they stopped growing at their current size - any bigger and they would be too much of a hassle.

"And there is one more thing. You know, your plug was a joint operation, and two different enchanting techniques rarely work together well. When I tried to analyze the texture of Satrin's arcane imprinting, and tried to separate it from my own intertwined techniques, the mana samples became corrupted, and..."

"Just cut the crap, will you? I am not an enchanter, but my father is, and I am a spellslinger myself. I know bullshitting when I hear one. What happened?"

"Well... the gist of it is: your plug is now... bigger. A lot bigger. Satrin used some kind of magic that was unknown to me to shrink it, and I'm afraid I undid at least part of it. So there's that. Before doing that, I did a quick speciality of mine to make sure it adhered slightly to your skin - I use it for clothing, usually, but it should work here as well, so you don't need a harness or something to hold it inside. That is, IF you want to, and are able to, insert it."

Beth raised her eyebrows at that. She actually outgrew her plug in the recent days, but apparently it caught up by accident.

"Can you just show it to me?"

"Sure."

Well, Gothar was indeed telling the truth - it was way bigger now than before. The wide, insertable part was about 12 cm (4,7 in), while the narrower part was about 9 cm (3,5 in) wide. It kept its original shape, it was just bigger - a lot bigger. It also meant it was significantly longer than last time. It was getting close to her anatomical maximum capacity. It was a good thing that her hips were fairly wide compared to her otherwise small frame - or was it? Did she really want this monstrous thing inside her?

The truth was that she did. The ruby outer part also grew with the size, and it looked glorious in the golden setting. It would look beautiful and unique inside her (certainly not many women wore something this big and glorious inside their butts on a daily basis), and if she learnt how to handle it, it would serve as a huge, unending mana battery as well. And there was no point in denying it - it would feel good. Really good. She decided she should give it a try. She was fast to shred her newly brought clothes.

Gothar was eager to help. After the stripping, he brought some kind of liquid out of somewhere - it was supposed to be a muscle relaxant, but it had a secondary function as being a lube as well. The plug was usually easy to insert, but with its sudden jump in size, they needed all the help they could get.

After applying a generous amount of the strange liquid on the golden device, Gothar started applying it to the now-nude Beth's back hole as well. After covering the outer rim, he used two of his hands to pull the pliable ass wide open while his other ten fingers spread the lube all around inside.

"It works really fast. You should give it a try."

They set the plug down on a chair, then Beth lowered herself until she felt the cool anal device on the rim of her hole. She closed her eyes to savor the feeling as she let herself sink lower and lower, taking more and more of the golden plug, but it was huge - it was gigantic. It would require some work to get it in. She let more and more of her own weight rest on her butt, feeling her anus spread wider and wider, and wider still. Despite that, it was not enough - not yet.

She was about to rise up to let herself drop down with more force when she felt a pair of hands on her shoulders, and another pair on her thighs, pressing down on her. She opened her eyes to see Gothar's smirking face.

"I figured you might need my help. Just tell me if it hurts."

And with that, he started to slowly push her down towards the huge golden pillar. He was careful at first, but when he saw that the pressure did not cause Beth any extra pain, he pushed harder.

The progress was slow, but it was there. Beth lifted up her legs, her whole weight pressing down on the plug underneath her - and suddenly, in it went. Her buttocks made contact with the chair, her anus contracting slightly on the narrower, but still gigantic neck of the plug. She blacked out just for a moment - the intense feeling brought her something akin to a small orgasm. When she checked her pussy, she realized she was soaking wet down there, she just didn't realize - her attention was elsewhere.

"Very good. I knew you could make it if you wanted to. You should dress up when you can - my workshop is open right now."

After recovering for a minute, Beth rushed back in the bathroom - she preferred not to be seen by anyone entering the shop. The plug felt gigantic in her butt, filling up every part in her, her anal ring stretched taut. She also felt... comfortable. She was used to this. When she touched the plug with her hand, she had to use considerable force to make it move - it really did adhere to her skin, not unlike iron to a magnet. It would probably cause no hardships in its removal when needed, but it would not move around on its own. She dressed up in her new clothes.

She checked her ass in the mirror. When covered by her skirt, the toy was invisible despite its gigantic size - it just made her look like she had a sizeable butt. And since she had the appropriate counterweight up front, it was not something she minded. 

Things become more interesting when she lifted up her skirt. Her buttocks were spread wide, trying and failing to engulf the huge ruby in between. And the string of her thong riding over the gem just caused her to giggle in its absurdity.

After receiving yet another letter, this time to be delivered back to Satrin, the pair said their goodbyes. Beth was not sure if she would ever see Gothar again - but the handsome four-handed guy would certainly not be forgotten. They shared a quick kiss, but after separating, Beth hushed Gothar by putting a finger on his lips. She needed to go - she wanted to go. She wanted this whole thing to be done with.

She saddled up her horse in the new, side-saddle style, and rode north.