 Beth departed from Multipedete with a heavy heart - despite the fact that she was forced to come here in the first place, she felt quite attached to it already. She planned to come back later in the future, and visiting Gothar's shop would be a priority.

She saw a familiar face just as she left the city. It was Irha, the kitsune. 

"In a hurry, are you? I felt your approach from a mile away. Do you have a moment for me?"

Beth raised her eyebrows at that. "Sure, if you leave my energy alone. I kinda like my mana reserves untouched, thank you."

"You don't have to worry about that, I'm not hungry. I just want to give you some pointers, and... Maybe a hug. Is it too much to ask?"

There was no way Beth would say "no" to the promise of a fluffy hug. She slid out of the saddle and went straight to cuddle. Her lips quickly latched onto Irha's in a long, wet kiss, her hands going straight to the kitsune's fluffy tails, touching, squeezing. She felt her partner's feminine penis harden against her crotch.

"You have been growing, haven't you?" Irha said when their lips separated, but neither one broke the hug. "I don't remember you being this busty before. And you got bigger down there as well, didn't you? No wonder you wear a skirt now."

The foxgirl's hands were busy groping Beth's ample behind, finding the ridiculously sized sextoy buried between the cheeks. Beth's figure certainly changed in a good way in the past days, front and back. Still, cuddling was not the original intention of the kitsune's meetup, so she pushed the human back after a while.

"I said I felt you coming from a mile away, and I meant it. That toy in your behind has so much energy stored already that it makes me salivate just thinking about it, and it's not even full yet. Just make sure you get rid most of the enchants that occupy it currently. If and when the need arises, you should be able to utilize its reserves, all you have to do is to focus on it briefly. You would be a force to be reckoned with, even by me."

It was a mixed compliment - Beth certainly felt proud, having her spellcasting skills complimented by the all-powerful kitsune, but it also reminded her that the she-fox sucked her mana dry the last time they met. She should be cautious instead of just cuddling carefreely.

Still, the kitsune has shown absolutely nothing in terms of hostility, she came to her face-to-face just to give her some advice. Almost like a... friend. Or something.

After thanking for the tips, Beth said her goodbyes - she was tempted to stay for a romp or two, but she really wanted this whole mission to be over with, and she dared not to risk losing her energy if Irha decided that she was still hungry after all. However, as time passed, she became more and more sure that she really should come back for a visit or two in the future, when time was not an issue.

Beth's journey back to Stretchington went by without any issues. Riding sidesaddle her speed was somewhat slower than usual, but it was worth it to ease the pressure on her ass - her butt had its hands (or, well, hole) full already. She slept well at nights, confident in her ability to face any danger - her only worry was the plug getting even bigger to unmanageable size. It's growing seemed to slow down to a snail's pace, the increase barely measureable, but it had yet to reach its final girth. Beth made a mental note to ask Satrin about that.

She had no trouble reaching the coastal road, but before going to the city, she wanted to see the ocean. She was in a real hurry last time and had absolutely no time to waste, but now she figured that she could spare a few hours at least. And she still had one puzzle to solve.

Satrin told her earlier that she was free to keep the plug in case she wanted to when she was done with her mission, but according to Gothar, he probably didn't really mean it - he figured that Beth would be glad to get rid of it. Even if you discounted its craftsmanship and enchanting, it was still a huge ruby in a golden setting - it was worth a huge amounts of money, more than Beth could compensate for. Delivering a letter alone was not going to cut it.

As of yet, Beth had no idea how to solve this issue. She finally admitted to herself that she was... addicted to this plug-thing. Perhaps she could find a cheaper replacement if she have to give her current one up, but it just wouldn't be the same. The ruby felt like it was part of her now, even sharing her energy, losing it would feel like losing a part of herself.

She was still contemplating about possible solutions as she slid out of her saddle and walked towards the water. Her mood brightened as she looked around - the ocean was a sight to see. Its crystal clear color was beautiful, it's size beyond measure. And there was a certain peace the way the waves just relentlessly assaulted the sandy shore only to retreat and try again soon, again and again, endlessly. 

Beth suddenly felt an urge to swim - washing the sweat off of herself, and moving her cramped muscles would be refreshing. Since no one was around, she quickly stripped her clothes and placed them on a reasonably dry and clean piece of rock. She left her plug in, grateful that it now adhered to her skin, staying in despite nothing to hold it.

The sand was hot under her bare feet, so she quickly strolled towards the ocean, grateful for the cool water on her hot and sweaty skin. She wallowed further, the water only getting deeper very slowly - she wanted to submerge completely. She was a decent swimmer, and wanted a decent workout at least, the vastness of the ocean providing more than enough water to swim in without care.

When she felt herself tire, she just let herself float. Swimming with the plug in required her to adjust her swimming style, her buttocks held wide apart by the huge toy between them. Speaking of the plug, she realized she forgot to clean herself down there. After a bit of pull and prod, her asshole loosened enough to let the plug go. Holding the toy with one hand, she tried to plug herself up with the other, bunched into a fist. It was nowhere close enough, she felt the water pour in, while feeling the escaping air bubbles brush slightly against her hand. That amused her for some reason.

She examined the plug. What caught her attention for once was not the size of it (monstrously big it might be), but its beauty. Being wet and exposed to the sun, the ruby's display was dazzling. Nearing to its original size, the circle shaped object wonderfully displayed the masterful craftsmanship that made it, its brilliant cut reflecting the light in many directions. The golden setting complimented it very well.

Beth found it funny that such a masterpiece was ultimately designed to end up in someone's butt. Still, they might be right - a jewel like this would really enhance a woman's beauty, assuming she would be able to take it, and the onlookers would appreciate the lewd display of a gemmed butt. She was still musing on this, examining the plug in her hands, when she saw something moving in the corner of her eye.

Panic set in when she realized they were... shark fins. No wonder these coasts were so deserted despite being so beautiful. And she just walked in without care, soaking her out- and insides while the three sharks closed on in. And she was rather tired from her recent swimming adventure.

Beth assessed the situation, letting her battle-hardened part take over. She was quite experienced despite her young age, she could solve this.She was way too deep in to get out of the water before the sharks made it to her, this was clear. What was less clear was the blue... blob that swam right in front of the sharks - were they chasing that thing? No matter - sharks were dangerous, and needed to be dealt with.

She focused her mind, preparing to freeze the water right in front of her, trapping the sharks in blocks of ice. It was a difficult and expensive spell, freezing such a large amount of water at once, but she really wanted to be sure - being in the ocean limited her own mobility. Suddenly she felt her mostly-empty energy reserves filling - the plug's reserves were flowing in. The kitsune was right, this ruby was more than just a sex toy, it was a huge mana battery.

She let the sharks close on in, the blue-blob-thing swimming right past her - then she let loose. It happened in an instant, and where was water once before, solid ice resided, trapping the three carnivore fishes in a solid prison.

Beth could not help but smile. Her casting skills were as good as ever, and with a mana-battery like this, she could go on and on. It would need further experiments to measure the true capacity of the ruby in her hands, but she was already satisfied with the current results.

She was so occupied with her own success that she was way too late to notice something going right inside her anus. It was a squishy, soft, malleable thing - the blue creature that escaped from the sharks was a slime, and it was seeking safety right inside her!

She tried to squeeze her butt to prevent the intrusion, but it was no use - her anus was no longer capable of keeping things outside of her. When she quickly re-plugged her butt with the toy, it was already too late - all she managed to trap the creature inside her.

Beth felt a deja vu as her analytic mind took over her panic. Not every slime was dangerous - they had vastly different levels of aggressiveness, and a varying degree of intellect. Since there was nothing she could do about it in the water, the first thing she should do was to get out - getting away from the sharks seemed like a good idea before they melted. She felt slightly bloated as she wallowed out to the shore.

She was in for a strange experience as she uncorked herself. Luckily, the slime seemed to be a non-aggressive kind as it slowly eased out of her. Now that she was able to focus on the sensations, it was actually quite pleasant. Beth placed her hands on her belly, feeling herself deflate slightly as the strange creature exited her body. When she looked behind herself to check on the creature, she was more than surprised.

Instead of just a blobby, shapeless slime, what Beth found behind herself was a baby blue, busty woman. Her body was from the same material as the slime - well, she WAS the slime, as it turned out. Beth just didn't saw her true form before. The blue girl was mostly out of her, in the process of pulling her lower half out of Beth's cavernous ass.

The blue woman was much bigger than Beth expected any slime to be - it (she?) was roughly the same size as her! Beth figured that the slime-thingy was able to compress herself down quite a bit, but it was still concerning that she was able to just enter her without Beth being able to do anything about it. She must be like a cave down there.

"Hi, I'm Ryiah. Thanks for saving me, and sorry for just... diving in head-first. I was scared, I couldn't help it."

The voice was high and cheery. Beth waited for the creature to finish leaving her body. When Ryiah was done, she quickly plugged herself up to prevent any unwanted entering, then checked out the blue woman.

Despite her whole body being blue, Beth's first thought was that this woman was sexy as hell. Her body was human-shaped and curvy, with huge, soft-looking boobs and wide hips. Her legs were still melded together, but that was the only part of her that seemed goo-ish. Her face was adorable with huge, pupil-less eyes and a button nose. She had long hair, from the same material and color as the rest of her goo body. The whole creature just oozed of sex.

"Uhm... hello. I'm Beth. I hope you don't mind me asking, but... what exactly are you?"

Ryiah giggled at that. She seemed like a happy... person.

"I'm a slime-girl, silly, if that wasn't too obvious."

"I thought goos were a lot more aggressive, and a lot less... well, sexy. And I have never heard of intelligent slimes."

"You are in for a surprise then. I mean, I don't consider myself smart, but I'm definitely intelligent, even by your standards."

Beth couldn't help but notice the way Ryiah casually spread her recently separated legs, showing her baby blue pussy, while she soaked her still blobby calves in the ocean's waves. They needed a bit more time to properly form. She also took note the way Ryiah's boobs seemed to inflate and deflate slightly as she breathed. The whole spectacle was turning Beth on.

"And why were those sharks chasing you, if you don't mind me asking? I mean, I am far from an expert, but I didn't know that "slime" was in the diet of sharks."

The question seemed to darken Ryiah's mood. "Those weren't your everyday sharks. You are right, normal ones don't bother me. But these were mermaid household pets, like dogs are for humans."

"So the mermaid people were chasing you, because...?"

"Because I did something stupid." The googirl nonchalantly placed her hand between her sizeable breasts, merging it with her body. When she pulled back, there was something between her fingers. "I stole this. I don't even really know what it is for... it was mostly just to annoy them, I guess. I don't even need this."

Between the blue fingers was a black pearl. It was insanely rare, and ridiculously expensive. No wonder the mermaid were chasing after Ryiah! The dark purple, almost-black pearl was worth a fortune.

The slime-girl continued talking. "I propose a deal. The way you looked at this black bauble tells me that it is fairly valuable to you. You see, I'm in a bit of a pickle here. I cannot go back to the ocean, the mermaid are not really fond of me. And I cannot travel far on these dry lands, I would dry out. If you agree to escort me somewhere else - frankly, any lake would do - I will pay you back with this black pearl. What do you say?"

Beth considered her options before answering. She could just take that pearl by force, but it seemed awfully cruel - she might be a bandit, but she only robbed the ones who could spare a coin or two, and Ryiah certainly could not. And since that pearl would cover the cost of her plug if she gave it to Satrin as payment, she was tempted to just agree to the slimegirl's terms. What bothered her mind, however, was the word "escort" that the blue woman used.

"What do you mean by "escort"? I sure hope that you don't mean to crawl back inside my body, do you? I mean, I have a few ideas how to keep you from drying out."

"Gee, that's too bad, because I really looked forward being inside of you! It is not an everyday thing when a woman of your size has the capacity to carry me in one of her orifices. It is an exquisite talent, one that you should be proud of! I mean, you don't wear this plug-thingy inside yourself for nothing, do you? Don't worry, I can compress myself to a more reasonable size."

Beth was about to argue, but she shut her mouth when she realized she had no real arguments against that. She wasn't exactly proud of her huge asshole that was totally unable to close anymore, but she DID feel a certain kind of accomplishment when she saw her behind in the mirror, her wide hips and buttocks complimenting the large gem in-between. 

Her musings were cut short when Ryiah practically tackled her. She landed on her butt, but she was not hurt - her landing was padded by the soft, hot sand. The googirl climbed into her lap, her lips seeking hers.

The sensations were a bit alien for Beth. The slime had a cool, wet skin (surface?) - different from her previous hot-blooded lovers. The invading tongue was colder and more malleable than Beth was used to. Still, it felt good - Beth was already aroused by Ryiah's curvy spectacle earlier, and she was much more appreciative of unusual things after her recent journey. She felt the urge to explore the soft creature in her lap. Her hands started wondering.

The first spot they found was an obvious choice - the boobs. Their sheer size as well as their full shape just demanded attention. Without breaking the kiss, Beth's hands started to kneed and paw at the large, soft mammaries. How could Ryiah have such wonderful breasts when she wasn't even a mammal? She felt the boobs inflate and deflate rapidly under her palms as the creature took quick, shallow breaths. Those tits apparently worked as part-time lungs. This girl was full of surprises.

Beth could hardly contain herself at that point. Her hand went straight to her crotch, intent to bring herself to an orgasm, but the googirl's cool grip on her wrist stopped her. 

Ryiah was intending to take control of the situation - no one was permitted to orgasm without her permission! Despite Beth's best efforts, she broke their kiss - her blue tongue stretching quite far from her mouth by Beth's reluctant, gripping mouth. When she fixed the elongated organ, she said,

"Sorry, I didn't realize you were so excited. It would shame me if you had to resort to masturbation in my care. Let me handle this."

With that, she oozed back a little, and started to properly eat out Beth's already slavering snatch. The cool lips and mouth was still a strange sensation for Beth, but definitely pleasant. It became even more enjoyable when Ryiah inserted her cool tongue deep inside her pussy, while her hands started to massage Beth's inner thighs. She lay on the ground, her boobs resting on Beth's legs.

Beth could hardly keep it together. The sight of the busty googirl's wanton display of her assets, and the physical stimulations that she caused easily put Beth over the edge. The coupling was far from over, however.

Ryiah was busy to insert as much of her tongue as she could inside Beth's pretty pussy - no matter how tight it was. She only paused briefly to let Beth's vaginal contractions pass, then went deeper. And deeper still.

Beth came the second time when the tip of the cool tongue touched her cervix. She could not hold herself up anymore, the hot sand heating her back, her freed hands finding her own sizeable breasts to knead while her body convulsed. The stimulation became too much when the long tongue started to become thicker and fatter as the googirl put more and more of her own matter inside the invading organ. Ryiah definitely knew how pussies worked - inside and out.

Beth was totally spent. She could not resist when she felt cool hands turn her on her stomach, her own large breasts making valleys in the soft sand. She felt her plug leave her body, the cool ocean air blowing inside.

"I hope we have a deal then. I placed the pearl on your clothes. Don't worry about me, I will be fine in there."

Beth could only groan as she, yet again, felt the slime enter her anus. She felt herself stretch way wider than before - either the lack of adrenalin, or just Ryiah's less careful motions caused her to feel every inch of the busty googirl's body as it entered her. The slime almost got stuck when she tried to squeeze her humongous boobs inside without deflating it first.

With the insertion was done, Beth felt a slight rumbling in her bloated belly - Ryiah was making herself comfortable. She heard the chipper googirl's voice call out of her own ass.

"Don't forget to plug yourself. I prefer to sleep in the dark."