 Beth, after waking up, considered her options. A deal with Satrin seemed possible with her new-found pearl - they were really rare, a trade for her plug seemed like a good deal for both parties, and Satrin didn't seem that keen on keeping the toy anyway, with its enchantment wasted and all.

A slight rumbling reminded her of her other problem - Ryiah, the slimegirl, still occupied her bowels, and was probably unsatisfied with Beth's lack of plugging. Beth tried to force the invader out of herself, pushing her hands onto her slightly boated belly while staining her abdomen, but nothing seemed to move - her anal muscles were waaay to stretched to work at this point, and pushing with just her hands was way less than enough. Resigning to the fact that the slime will consider her as her home for now, she replugged herself, then went to sleep. She wanted to be fresh, to have a clean head for her upcoming meeting with Satrin tomorrow.

Her sleep did not come easily, however. The thought that a living, sentient being was inside her ass kept her mind occupied - it was similar to being... pregnant. It was obviously different in many ways, but in the end, she would have to... give birth to someone after a while. It just happened to be anal instead of vaginal.

Fortunately, Ryiah seemed content of just being inside her for the moment, not really bothering her in any way aside from the fact that she overfilled Beth's insides. It dawned on Beth that her best bargaining chip against the slimegirl would be to imprison Ryiah inside herself. She didn't have the option to force the slime out on demand, but she could prevent her... passenger from leaving via her plug. 

Still, she couldn't sleep. Deciding to let some steam off, her left hand found her unsurprisingly wet pussy, while her right went to rub her swollen belly. Getting additional mental stimulation from the fact that she was pretty much anally pregnant, it didn't take her much rubbing to reach a quick orgasm, calming her nerves and letting her sleep, finally. Her body was demanding more and more.

She awoke rested the next day, if somewhat horny. She seemed to be in a permanent state of arousal these days, amplified even more by the slimegirl in her ass. Speaking of which, Ryiah seemed to be active this time, moving around in her bowels, possibly trying to tell her that she wanted out. Deciding to test her theory, Beth left her plug in, imprisoning the slimegirl inside for the time being. She dressed up in her usual clothes, smiling as the waistband of her skirt squeezed her slightly bloated belly. 

Riding to Stretchington only took a few hours. Beth decided to help Riyah, but only after she finished her own mission. The plan was to eject the slimegirl somewhere hidden in Stretchington, letting the blue girl wait somewhere safe - her kind was not necessarily welcome in the city. Her passenger didn't get the memo however, and tried to actively escape her fleshy prison. Beth could have none of that - birthing a slime (anally at that!) on the middle of the street would have been ridiculously embarrassing, and possibly dangerous. Riding past the now well-known hourglass-shaped guards, she let her entire weight rest on her plug, preventing any unwanted breakouts before the time came.

She was happy this time that the streets were mostly deserted. She didn't want to attract any unwanted attention as she finally found a hidden alley between two fancy mansions. She slid off her horse, then quickly slipped between the buildings, preventing the plug (and the slimegirl) from erupting between her buttocks with her hands. When she was sure no one was around, she let go.

The feeling as the huge metal plug shoot out of her ass, followed by a frightened slimegirl was hard to describe. It was devious, liberating and lewd at the same time. Ryiah was far from careful this time, she pretty much exploded out of Beth's butt, regaining her usual size in a rapid rate, giving her temporary home an additional stretch. Beth couldn't savor the feeling for long tough - Ryiah was visibly panicking, and was trying to ooze towards the streets, not even waiting for legs to properly form.

Beth didn't have any really good options at this point. It dawned on her that she should have consulted with the slimegirl before releasing her in the middle of the city, but it was way too late for that now. Since the Ryiah herself told Beth that she was not welcome here, and would probably get imprisoned as soon as she got caught, Beth did the only thing that could prevent that. With a quick spell, she froze the slimegirl solid.

She sincerely hoped that the freezing would cause no permanent harm to Ryiah - she did it to prevent an even worse scenario, after all. Most people seemed to only suffer from weakness and nausea after melting out - it certainly seemed a better option than being thrown into prison, or worse. Beth knelt besides the frozen oozegirl to examine her more closely, surprised by the fact that even the simple act of kneeling opened her ass so much that she felt a breeze in her insides.

Ryiah looked amazing the way she was, like a blue-tinted glass statue. Her legs were not formed yet, the freezing spell captured her in a state where her lower body was just a blob. From the waist up, however, she was perfectly formed, including her pretty face and monstrous boobs. She was quite a sight.

Beth's plan was to just leave Ryiah there, finish her own business with Satrin, then come and collect the (hopefully) warmed up slimegirl. She just hoped that the googirl will wait for her return. She quickly replugged herself, getting comfort from the way the wide, warm metal spread her insides, then adjusted her clothing. She wanted to look presentable for Satrin.

Finding her employer's mansion was easy, it was the biggest one around. The guards let her in without any hassle this time, either remembering her from her last visit, or just respecting the official sign embroidered on her clothing.

Beth was about to ask the guards for Satrin when she heard the master's cool and collected voice. He was talking to a young woman, who Beth guessed was his daughter. When he realized Beth was around, he turned his full attention to her.

"Took your sweet time, didn't you? Well, no matter, the important thing is that you succeeded. You did, didn't you?"

Beth could only nod.

"Good. Follow me, I have a few things to discuss." Not even waiting for her answer, he retreated to his personal chambers, leaving his frustrated daughter hanging. Beth did not loiter around, she followed him as fast as she could - she did not want to meet any more members of the Coast family, Satrin was already hard to manage. She entered the room.

Satrin was already waiting for her, sitting in a chair, and a padded table stood before him - something like a massage table.

"Give me the letter you were sent for, then lay down here. I have many things to do, I want to get this over with."

Beth did as she was told, handing him Gothar's letter with her right while making sure the recently found black pearl was in her pocket with her left. She really intended to keep her plug, and it was her best bargaining chip.

Satrin briefly examined the envelope, making sure the seal was unbroken. Satisfied, he motioned for Beth to lay down on the table. "Let me read this real quick. Make yourself comfortable and your ass available."

Beth could not help but blush - Satrin's nonchalant way of talking about her butt was embarrassing her. Still, she did as she was told - she lay down on the table, then hiked up her skirt to allow access to her backside. She felt terribly embarrassed, but she had little choice in the matter. At least she felt physically comfortable, the table was made with busty females in mind.

Satrin only took a few minutes to read the letter. When done, he turned his full attention to Beth - or, more precisely, to her fully packed butt.

"You seem to have changed the bottom part of my uniform. Trying to hide your recent modifications, hm? Why are you embarrassed to show it off when you seem to have no problem wearing your old shirt, showing a mile of cleavage? Well, no matter, it's none of my business anyways."

Beth couldn't help but chuckle - Satrin's standards, or rather, Stretchington's standards were totally different from hers. A large, shapely bust was something to be proud of while a monstrous butt plug was more like a secret shame. And her cleavage was far from daring, at least by Multipedete standards. Still, she saw no point in mentioning that. Her musings were cut short when Satrin removed her thong in a casual manner.

"That undergarment is just ridiculous at that point. I guess it still covers your genitals, but it breaks the immersion of your butt. Such a plain clothing should not be allowed to ruin the sight of this art. And... Would you look at that? You are way ahead of schedule. How come the plug is this size already?"

There was something really annoying about the way Satrin talked. Like Beth was not a living person, more like a piece of art - clay that could be (or rather, already has been) shaped. Still, Beth knew better than to take it personally - that attitude probably came with the job.

"I don't know the specifics. Gothar seemed to mess something up when he undid his own enchantment. I also met with a kitsune on my way there, who... sucked out most of my energy, and probably the ruby's as well."

Satrin nodded at that. "Yes, that would explain it. Gothar is nowhere near my level, but he doesn't make mistakes often. Props to you, you seem to have no trouble wearing even this advanced size. Bear with me while I dispel my enchant and examine your hole. It will only take a moment."

Beth felt Satrin's thin fingers grasp the toy nested between her buttocks, then felt them remove it with surprising ease. He worked with speed and precision, but he was still careful not to cause any pain or discomfort. Beth wondered how many asses this guy has plugged before.

Satrin sat the plug aside for a moment while his finger circled Beth's extremely loose asshole. "No inflammation, no tearing, no asymmetry. Just a beautiful, dark, gaping hole. You also have wide hips and bones to keep going even further if you wanted to. Frankly, the only unusual thing is how... perfect your asshole is. It is way above the expected results, given the lack of supervising or time."

It was still annoying Beth how this guy continued talking about her as if she were a statue or something, but the compliments about her hole were not unheard either. It filled her with a strange sense of pride, especially since Satrin was something of an expert in the subject. She got wetter and wetter as the finger continued to explore her wide open hole, but Satrin seemed to ignore that fact as he quickly and quietly disenchanted the orgasm-prevention. He was an expert in multi-tasking. 

"There, all done. It seems we are done here. As a reward for your job well done, you can choose a plug from my collection. You seem to enjoy wearing one, and you certainly need one not to shit yourself."

This was the part Beth prepared for. She felt liberated - her orgasms were untied from the massive golden toy that sat sadly on the nearby table. Beth already missed it - she wanted to wear it not as a necessity, but as her chosen toy.

"If possible, I would like to have the good old golden toy back. It has... become a part of me already. I know it is worth a lot, but I brought something of similar value." And with that, she produced her gift, the pearl.

Satrin examined it with newfound interest. "A black pearl. Indeed, it is quite an expensive thing you got there - you could buy a house from the money if you sell it. Still, if you were to sell the plug... you could buy a castle. Now, I'm not a greedy person, and I could afford losing this, but... you need to be more convincing."

Beth took the initiative. She quickly grabbed the plug, then placed it right beside her gaping hole, side-by-side. 

"This is a part of me now. Are you willing to switch the cork of your favorite wine just because you feel like doing so? Of course not, the wine is complete as it is, bottle and stopper included. Are you willing to break this... harmony?"

Beth felt like she was pushing it - her analogy was pretty bad. She was starting to lose hope when she noticed the sizeable tent in Satrin's crotch. He was a human after all, and he found her sexy! Beth couldn't help but stare at it - the robes were having a hard time hiding Satrin's arousal.

"Alternatively, you can treat me as an ongoing experiment. You said that the plug is still expanding, yes? How big will it get?" Beth was both scared and excited about finding the answer. She also wanted Satrin to show interest in her.

"That's... That's a secret. Don't worry about it - the rate of expansion is really slow at this size. Erhm. But yes, it would get even bigger. Significantly. Khm."

Beth was not sure she liked the answer, but she made sure not to show it. The advantages of having a beautiful jeweled sextoy that also served as a mana battery greatly outweighed the fact that it might gain a size increase or two. She coped with the previous expansions fairly well so far, she was sure she could handle a few more. And, without her realizing, she just became even wetter at the thought of expanding her back hole beyond her already ridiculous proportions.

"I am willing to report my... experiences in the future if you let me continue wearing it. And for now, I wouldn't mind a more... intimate exploration. If I read you correctly, you wouldn't mind either."

Beth couldn't help but notice that Satrin was actually blushing. That seemed really strange - a man in his position should be more than used to seeing the lower parts of a girl. However, he might have been caught off guard when Beth pointed out his blatant erection. Was he just used to submissive subjects who were afraid to even look at him? Or was she really so special that even a veteran stretcher like Satrin could not help but be excited at the sight of her? She didn't know, and didn't care - what she cared was the big tent in Satrin's crotch.

She took the initiative as she pulled Satrin down on the table below her, then knelt over him, pushing her crotch in Satrin's face as she practically tore a big hole in his robe between his legs. It might have been expensive, but she didn't care - he probably had dozens like this, but he only had one dick - and what a glorious dick it was!

It was completely hairless, and way above average in length and girth. It was totally erect, with a drip of precum already shining on its tip. She gave it a lick, then another, the salty seed melting on her tongue. 

Meanwhile Satrin was not idle - he quickly found his wits, and started licking in circles first around, then inside Beth's asshole, gradually lubricating every part of it with his own saliva. It already felt good for Beth, but it was just a prequel - the follow-up were two of Satrin's fists.

Being so stretched and aroused as she already was, she took both fists without a hitch - the slight amount of pain was easily overpowered by the fulfilling stimulation. Satrin didn't have more than two hands, but he didn't need them - he more than made up for it by experience. Instead of just squeezing his hands inside, he started moving them around in circles, giving an inner massage to the stretched, sensitive tissues. He knew precisely how much force to apply to cause a delightful mix of pain and pleasure, slowly increasing the pace of the motions, and slowly lengthening the distance between his fists, applying ever more stretching. He was an expert. 

Beth could hold out for only so long - when she felt his warm tongue on her clit, she came. Her screams were silenced by Satrin's penis roughly pushed up her mouth, but she could not focus on giving a proper blowjob at the moment.

When she came to her senses, Satrin was already behind her, busily pushing his hips into hers. She was confused at first what was happening, but then realized that he was... already fucking her ass. She just couldn't really feel anything except for a slight tickling sensation inside her, and the warmth and pressure of his abdomen as he pushed against her buttocks.

Apparently Satrin's way bigger than average cock was way too small to be even really felt by her - she really needed monster sized dicks to feel full now. A barrier broke down inside her - she no longer cared about the possible negatives, she just wanted to embrace the huge size she achieved. The mental stimulation that she was permanently stretched way beyond belief, and could not even feel a huge dick inside her pushed her over the edge again.

She felt a huge, hot wave inside her. Looking behind herself, she saw that Satrin had his whole right hand in her ass besides his dick, and just finished jerking off inside her. Not really wanting to let it finish like this, Beth turned around and pushed him on his back.

"You are way too small to satisfy my ass, but I have a hole much more suited to you." And with that, she quickly mounted his half-rigid dick, and slowly inserted him in her pussy. 

She was lucky that Satrin just came, otherwise it would have hurt. Her (as of yet) neglected pussy was way tighter than her overstretched anus, and Satrin was huge. His dick quickly stopped softening and started hardening - he clearly had stamina. Beth quickly inserted the half-limp dick inside her, her sopping pussy providing way more lubrication than needed, then just waited.

She didn't need to wait for long - his dick quickly lengthened and thickened, becoming a hard, hot baton inside her. The process was slow enough to allow her to accommodate comfortably, stretching her tight cunt from the inside. He quickly reached his majestic full size, the process sped up buy his groping hands on her big tits. Despite being below, he took control, bouncing Beth up and down with his hip-motions, using her boobs as handlebars. Beth didn't need to do anything - she couldn't do anything. She was controlled, dominated, used - and pleasured.

She quickly reached her third orgasm, her pussy tightening around the iron hard organ inside her, juices squeezed out and spraying everywhere. Satrin had yet to reach the big O - he had another plan.

"Feels big, doesn't it? Unlike your ass, your pussy is far from stretched. However, we have one more tool to make you even tighter. Let's use it, shall we?"

Coming down from her orgasmic high, Beth could barely register the words - but she could certainly register her good old plug being pushed into her ass. Satrin, even in his locked down position, was dexterous enough to do the procedure - this man could find an asshole anytime, anywhere.

The only problem was that Beth was way more filled than usual. The still-hard dick inside her pussy demanded some respect, but Satrin did not care - he pushed on the plug relentlessly, squeezing his own sword and its sheath into tighter and tighter places. With a last push, he succeeded.

Beth was becoming an orgasmic wreck at this point. She was still on top, held up by Satrin's hands on her boobs, but she just became a ragdoll as Satrin did as he desired. Luckily, she enjoyed it even more than he did.

With her pussy squeezed from the back, she became almost virginally tight. Satrin did not rest - he took the advantage, and resumed his pumping. The hot inner hole was hard to penetrate, but more than satisfying for both of them. They came in unison when Beth was finally able to take him up to the balls, using up every available space inside her. The hot cum, having no space to go, sprayed outside in torrents.

When she came to, Satrin was still below her, slightly snoring. She could not fault the man - he just came twice, and he did most of the work. Not wanting to wake him up, she quietly dressed up, letting him to sleep. She was not sure about his final decision about the plug, but she didn't really care - she needed it. The pearl, and her recent performance should be more than enough payment. And if not, then, well, damn him.
