 Anita

Sneaking out of the Rowan Castle was always tricky. It wouldn't have been possible at all if I hadn't mastered that magically undetectable invisibility spell last quarter. Of course, the Master level wizards could still detect me, as well as a few of the higher level journeymen, but it wasn't them I was trying to hide from. It was my own level, the 12th level apprentices, I was worried about. 

The hall was dark at this hour, dark and empty. No one wanted to waste magic or oil lighting a rarely used hallway at midnight. The carpeted floor muffled my footsteps, and the tapestries on the wall absorbed what was left of the sound. 

It was hard to move when I couldn't see myself. Several times, I almost tripped over my own feet. Also, the invisibility spell burned power very quickly. It would be worth it, though, if I could get out of the castle without being spotted by Trev or any of his lackeys. Worth it a thousand times over. If Trev ever found out about Zek, my vulnerable, non-wizard, lover, he'd kill the poor shepherd in a heartbeat. Kill him, and make it look like an accident, or like I myself were responsible. He was good at that sort of thing. 

I seethed inside. One of the ancient duties of the Kerath Order of Wizardry was to protect the kingdom of Kerath from demons, and what did Trev do? He summoned one. Worse, he convinced the Masters that this was a good idea, that demons could be useful, and that controlling a demon would be good practice for young wizards. Now, only a few apprentices didn't have demons. I was one of them, of course, the only apprentice of the 12th level to abstain from summoning. Now the other apprentices looked down their noses at me, even the ones of lower levels, looked down on me for being weak when I was the strongest wizard of my level. It irked me. I wasn't weak. I just had principles. Unlike Trev. 

I suspected Trev of killing several other high level apprentices, rivals of his. I also suspected him of several attempts on my own life. I couldn't prove anything, of course. Trev was too sneaky, and the Masters tended to look the other way when it came to apprentices killing other apprentices, seeing it as a way to weed out the weak and stupid before the Trials. 

Ah, the Trials. I smiled wryly. The Trials were almost the only way for a 12th level apprentice to move up a level, and become a 1st level journeyman. During the trials, which were, of course, entirely voluntary, each apprentice wishing to move up to journeyman dueled to the death with another apprentice. This, in theory, ensured that only the strongest wizards became journeymen. It was well known that the Masters intended to have me duel Trev. That was probably why he'd been so persistent in the attempts on my life. He knew that the only way he would survive the trials would be to kill me before they occurred, so he could duel with someone he might actually win against. 

I was almost out of the castle now. All I needed to do was get past the outer door. Fortunately, I'd planned for this. 

Humming happily, arms full of flowers and herbs, Marian, 11th level apprentice and my best friend, opened the door. As she entered the castle, I slipped out. 

"Have fun," whispered Marian as she passed. 

I smiled. Yes, I would have fun. 

I made my way to the stables and saddled my gelding. Making him as well as myself invisible would take a lot out of me, but, fortunately, I would only need to do it for a little while. Just until we reached the first line of houses in the village, and were out of sight of the castle. 

A few minutes later, I smiled and dropped the invisibility spell. The ending of the steady drain on my magical reserves, as well as the mental effort of holding it in place, was a relief. I leaned back in my saddle, dropping my guard in a way I would never be able to at the castle, and imagined my evening with Zek. 

When I knocked on the door he would open it immediately, and then, after blushing and assuring me he hadn't been standing there waiting for me, he would sweep me off my feet and carry me to the bedroom. Then he would lay me down reverently on the bed. It wasn't really large enough, or sturdy enough, for two but we'd always managed before. It meant we couldn't lie side by side, though. We always had to be right on top of each other. 

He would kiss me deeply, and then bend to nibble my neck. After covering it with red love marks, he would suck on my nipples to make them nice and hard, and then nibble on them, too. I would flip him over onto his back, carefully, so as not to collapse the bed, and undo the fastenings on his pants. As his hardening cock burst free, I would lick the head of it, and then take it all the way in my mouth, sucking on him until he pushed me away and flipped me over so he could get at my pants. He would pull them down just enough to reveal my pussy. 

Already wet, I would gasp as his finger entered me. He would push it in as deep as it could go, and then pull it out, rubbing my insides on the way and making me moan. As he worked his finger inside me, he would bring his mouth to my clit. As his tongue flicked out to touch it, I would whimper, and them grab him by the hair and bring his mouth up to mine, so I could taste my own juices. He would laugh, and pull away so he could lick my clit some more. One finger in my pussy would become two, and then three. Three fingers, rubbing my insides hard, would excite me to the point that I just wouldn't be able to stand it any longer. I would yank his head away from my pussy again, and pull his fingers out. 

He would smile in understanding, and move up my body until he looked me in the eyes, and his huge, hard cock was lined up with my soaking wet pussy. And then... 

I smiled. I didn't need to imagine it any longer; I was here. 

Zek's shepherd's shelter was just beyond the edge of the village surrounding and providing for Rowan Castle. It was small, but cozy. I dismounted, cared for my horse, and knocked on the door. 

It took awhile for Zek to get to the door. A long while, considering how small his little house was. I frowned, and was considering checking the outhouse when the door finally opened. 

I smiled. "Zek!" 

He frowned back. "Kara. Come in. We need to talk."

As I settled myself in a chair, he paced in front of the fireplace. 

"Come on, sit down," I told him, patting my knee. 

"No. I think I'd rather stand," Zek said. 

I sighed. "What's wrong?" 

He picked up the kettle. "Would you like a cup of tea?" 

"No," I replied. 

"Some milk, maybe? Water?" He was fidgeting with the kettle now, shifting it from hand to hand. 

"No! Damn it, I want to know what's wrong," I snapped, having no patience with prevarication. "Is it your dad's back again? Do you need money?" 

He sighed. "No. Although, what you said is part of the problem. Kara, I think we need to stop seeing each other." 

"What?" I had never expected this. 

"I think we need to stop seeing each other," he repeated, looking down at his feet. 

"I heard you the first time. What I want to know is why," I said. "Am I too demanding? Is that it?" I bit my lip. "I can stop, if you want." 

He shook his head. "I love that in you, Kara. You know I do."

"Then why?" I held back tears. It was dangerous to show weakness. 

He sighed again. "Haven't you wondered, these past few months, if what we're doing is right?" 

I reached out to touch his thigh. "What do you mean? Doesn't it... Don't we feel right to you?" 

He shifted out of my reach, almost ending up in the fireplace. "That's not it. The... The sex is great. Really. I love it. And... And I love you. I do, I really do. It's just that... Well..." 

"Well what?" Remembering that, for now, I wasn't in the castle, I let the tears stream down my cheeks. 

"Like should marry like. That's all." He looked up at me. "And we aren't alike." 

I shook my head. "I'm no different from you, Zek." 

"You live in a castle! I live," he said as he gestured around the room, "In this hovel. How can you say we aren't different?" 

"It's not a hovel. And, if you want to live somewhere else, I can-" 

He cut me off. "That's the problem. You have money. You have influence. I don't. Like should marry like."

"You keep saying that," I said, "But I was born to a farming family, same as you, and if I hadn't been born with magic-" 

"But you were born with magic," he said. "And that changes everything." 

"It changes nothing!" I retorted. "What a person is capable of doesn't define who they are." 

"If that's true," he said, slowly, "Why do we always meet here? Why not in your rooms in Rowan Castle?''

I shook my head. "Because it's dangerous. If another wizard found out about you... We're taking a risk even meeting at your place! You know that. But, if it's really bothering you, I suppose I could sneak you in." I looked up at him beseechingly. "Please, don't do this." 

He sighed. "I'm sorry. But like I said, like should be with like. That's all there is to it."

"Wizards aren't allowed to marry wizards," I argued. "We aren't even allowed to be in relationships. Wizarding blood combined is too unpredictable." 

"Then marry a noble, or something." He ran his fingers through his hair. "Just stop bothering me!" 

I stormed out, sobbing. He followed me, and tried to hand me a bag of the stuff I'd left at his place. I refused. Most of the items had been gifts, little spelled items, like glow stones, to make his life easier. The rest he could throw out. 

It took me a few tries to get the invisibility spell up again, upset as I was. But I managed long enough to get back into the castle and clean off my face so no one would know I'd been crying. Even if Zek didn't love me anymore, I wasn't going to do anything to put him in danger. 

I was so distracted, I almost didn't notice the demon until it was too late. It lunged at me out of the shadows, going for my throat. I just barely dodged in time. It sailed past me, and I whirled as it landed behind me. 

This demon was in the form of a large black dog, with red eyes and unrealistically large claws and teeth. I recognized it. It was bound to Antona, one of Trev's lackey's. 

I tried to throw up a ward as it lunged again, but wards that kept out demons were hard to make on the fly. In fact, it was hard to make any spell affect a demon, unless you had it caught in a circle, or it was bound as your familiar. In the end I had to throw myself backwards onto the ground to avoid it. The impact with the hard flagstones knocked the beginning of the warding spell right out of my mind. 

The demon twisted in midair to come down with its head by my throat. Its jaws opened...

I saw a stirring in the shadows as Antona peered out to watch her demon finish me off, and quickly threw a fireball. She was incinerated with a scream, and, as she died, so did the demon's link to the mortal realm. It could now be banished. 

The demon turned as its master died, and grinned ferally at its newfound freedom, and beginning to shift back into its natural form, a thing with too many tentacles and teeth. I quickly said the banishing spell. Fortunately, it was much easier than a demon blocking ward. The demon vanished with a howl back into Hell. 

I lay there, shivering, and thinking about my close call. If I hadn't managed to kill Antona... But now that she was dead, there was no way to prove that Trev had been behind her attack. In fact, if it hadn't been for the teeth marks on my throat, I would be hard pressed to prove she had attacked me. 

I had never considered the difficulty of defending against a bound demon in terms of fighting another wizard. Trev's demon, as befitted his status as the second most powerful apprentice in Castle Rowan, was faster and harder to block than Antona's had been. I shuddered. If he had attacked himself tonight... But he hadn't. And next time... Next time, no matter how wrong I thought it was, I would have a demon of my own. I wanted to live much more than I disliked demons. 

First, though, I would have to report the attack, and get some supplies. 

Later, in my rooms, I pulled aside the carpeting and began to paint the pentagram. I used sheep's blood for that. It had probably come from one of the sheep Zek had raised, I thought. My eyes burned with unshed tears. 

I remembered how Zek and I had met. I'd been on my way home to visit my family, and I'd stopped in the market to pick up supplies. Would he have approached me, I wondered, if I'd been in my wizard's robes instead of the rough garb I wore when I traveled? Would he have responded when I'd flirted with him if I'd made it clear I was a wizard? Would we have ended up back at his place if I hadn't already spent most of my monthly allowance, and been unable to pay for my own dinner?

I loved him, proud and stubborn as he was, and I'd though he loved me. I'd even thought of leaving Rowan Castle and its dangers behind, once I was a journeyman, and marrying him. I would never be allowed to be master if I married, but was being a master wizard really worth living life alone? 

I had to stop thinking about Zek. I had to focus. If I got even one rune wrong, I could be killed by the very demon I intended to master. 

The pentagram itself was done, as were the containment runes. I just had the summoning runes to complete, and I could strip and begin the chant. 

Demons were vile things. They tortured their victims, using pain and fear to make the unfortunate mortals' magic and life force accessible. Then they would drain years off the poor wretches with impunity. They were greedy, too, often taking much more than they needed as a way to build their own power. 

Lesser demons weren't so bad. They were like animals, acting on instinct, and they attacked their own to feed just as often as they attacked mortals. Even when they did attack mortals, they were often satisfied with animals, feeling no need to risk themselves by attacking sentient beings. 

Greater demons were the real terrors. They could think, and attacked just as much for their own pleasure as for the power. Disdaining the taste of animals or their own kind, they preferred humans, especially wizards. Especially powerful and cruel greater demons, with the power to command other demons, were called demon lords. No one had ever successfully bound a demon lord. No one who had tried had even survived. 

It was a greater demon I wanted to bind tonight. Not only were they usually more powerful, they could often be reasoned with, especially if one offered to feed them. Their lust for power was their weakness. So was their low tolerance of pain. Like most bullies, they couldn't take what they dished out. 

Now that I was finished with the pentagram and the runes, I began to disrobe. No one was entirely certain why demon summoning required nudity, and, I, personally, didn't care. It was just one more thing on my list of things to do. 

I began the chant, raising my hands above my head and calling up my power. Within the pentagram, the demon began to fade into this reality. It was a black thing of tentacles and mouths and blood red eyes, thrashing wildly as it tried to escape the summons. Its struggles were useless, however. Soon it would be mine. 

I focused on its form. With the right twist of the mind, I could force it into a form of my choice, but what should I choose? A dog, like Antona's demon? A hulking beast, like Trev's? Unbidden, Zek's naked form swam into my mind's eye, and the demon began to shift, like clay in a mold. Hurriedly I forced my mind to empty, but it was too late. The demon, whether I liked it or not, was humanoid, and very definitely male. Its features were still fairly fluid, however. 

I made its hair black, instead of Zek's dirty blond, and its eyes almost black, instead of blue. Instead of Zek's innocent features, I used the rugged face of a mercenary I'd once tumbled, and then, frowning, removed the beard and added long lashes. His body I made heavily muscled. Just as I realized how stunningly handsome I'd made the demon, he finished solidifying, and I could make no more changes. 

The demon slammed its shoulder against the barrier at the edge of the pentagram, snarling. I swiftly fed more power into it, strengthening the wall. The demon slammed into it again. 

"You, mortal, will suffer!" it snarled. "You will suffer greatly, because I am-" 

I clenched my fist, and it fell to the floor, writhing in agony, too pained to even scream. "At the moment," I told it, "I don't care what your name is, demon. You will speak when spoken to." I opened my hand. 

Slowly the demon stood, glaring daggers at me. "Mortal, I am no mere-" he began, and then, with a scream, collapsed again. 

I looked down at my fist. "Slow learner, I see," I mused. I unclenched my fist. This time the demon stayed on the floor, looking up at me warily. "Rise," I told it impatiently. It remained on the floor. "Stand before me, or face the consequences," I told it, partially clenching my fist. 

Grudgingly, the demon rose. If looks could kill, his would have. "What is your name?" I asked it. 

"I thought," said the demon, "You didn't care what my name was." 

"Wrong answer," I said, clenching my fist. This time the demon remained standing for a moment, glaring at me. Then he slowly sank to his knees, eyes tightly shut. 

"Saban," he gasped. "My name is Saban." I released him. He collapsed. Then, slowly, he stood. 

"Good," I said. "Very good. So, Saban, how would you like to be my familiar?" 

"Never," Saban snapped, flinching back from me in expectation of pain. 

Instead of clenching my fist again, I smiled at him. "I'm sure I could make it worth your while." 

I picked up the knife on the table beside me. Then, slowly, I ran the sharp blade along my arm, wincing. I then pressed the wound up against the edge of the pentagram, careful not to cross the line. "Have a taste," I told the demon. 

His eyes glittered as he stared at the wound, but he said, "No. I will not be your slave. Not even for this."

I sighed, and clenched my fist again. As the demon slowly sank to the floor, I told him, "You will do as you are told." Then I released him. Mostly. 

Wincing, the demon got to his knees, and gingerly touched my wounded arm. By now the blood flow had stopped, but it still hurt. I focused on the pain, letting it fill me, letting it agitate my magic until it surged out of me to where the demon could touch it. I felt him taste me. His eyes closed. Slowly, his tongue lapped along the blood red line. The pain increased. "Good?" I asked him through clenched teeth. 

His eyes met mine. "Very. But my answer is still no." 

I sighed. "Very well. I will send you back." 

His eyes widened in surprise. "You will?" 

"Yes," I told him, "At dawn." Then I raised my partially clenched fist. I did not enjoy giving pain, but he would suffer for rejecting me. And the story of his pain would make the next demon that much more likely to accept my offer. 

His eyes widened still further. "Wait!"

I paused. "Yes?" 

He glared at me, and then visibly swallowed his pride. "Do you swear you will feed me?" 

"Yes," I answered. "I do so swear. Every day." 

He partially smiled. "Every day?" 

I smiled back, trying not to think about the pain. "Every day. My magic regenerates swiftly." 

"Then I, Saban, do pledge myself in service to you, in exchange for daily feeding," said the demon. He was smiling, but his eyes were cold. 

"And I, Anita Darkson, do accept this pledge. And I, in return, pledge to feed you, daily, until death do us part."

There was a moment where reality shifted, changing to form a bond between us. And then it was done. My demon smiled dangerously. "I am yours. You can let me out now."

"Not quite yet," I answered absently, bending to paint a few more runes, this time in my blood. "The pledge is done, but now I need to do the binding." 
