 Start of a new story here that I'm sure any fan of A Secret Revealed will enjoy. Similar vibe, but a little more lighthearted. But if you know anything about me by now, it's that I do enjoy some plot and dark twists, so be prepared for that. The smut in this is gonna be pretty fucked up and fun, for all you more kinky people, like myself. And it goes without saying that all characters that have sex in this story are 18+. Had to say it because this takes place in high school. And relax, A Secret Revealed is still going, but I'm just broadening my content a bit. Anyways, have fun. This is short, but has a lot of smut. Oh, and no XXX warning for this story...since there's like... gonna be a lot.

*****

Running my palms over her hips, I helped our slow rhythm. The friction warmed me though my panties and forced a heavy breath to escape my lips. That, paired with the sight of my love bouncing oh so subtly against me, was more than enough for me. Her curves hidden beneath her buttoned-up shirt, her creamy thighs straddling my waist, her single hazel hue meeting my own grassy ones. She had her head cocked to the side with one hand covering her eclipsed side, not wanting me to even catch a glimpse of her underappreciated beauty. I bit my lip and softly touched her arm. Hesitating for a moment, her hue fell to the side before she very slowly lowered her hand and faced me.

A gorgeous pattern ran up her cheek like vines that spiraled passed her eye and bloomed just above her brow, an injury forever burned into her flesh as a constant reminder that she was imperfect.

It made me smile.

Pink found her cheeks and she allowed herself to also smile, and I could feel her hips press into mine with more desire and she picked up the tempo. Gritting my teeth from the sudden sensitivity, I pinched the collar of her shirt and started working her buttons free until it parted completely and exposed her juicy breasts confined in her bra, clearly overfilling the coverage. I mushed my palms into the soft mounds, eliciting a tiny moan from her as she continued to bring us both to our end. Even through both of our underwear, her wetness could be felt grinding into my length, coating me with her scent. The way her hues glazed over and she watched the hot breath moisten my lips, she wanted it just as bad as I did. Bringing my fingers to her cheeks, gliding them to her ears and to her brunette strands, I coaxed her down towards me.

We kissed, and she stole the air from my lungs. The gentle rocking of her hips never ceased. Our tongues rolled over the other's, savoring every drop of our combined essence. A tingle shot through my length and I hummed into the kiss. My pelvis moved on its own to match her tempo. The heat between us became unbearable, urging my aching need. My toes curled into the blanket and I held her close. I throbbed and my panties were drenched. Again, and I shuddered slightly as even more crashed into my coverage. By the third, it was seeping through the fabric and I was trembling in her embrace. She still kept going until it became too sensitive for me to handle and so I gripped her ass to hold her in place.

Still shaking ever so often, we waited like that, her tongue flicking against my own, our lips smacking and glistening. And then she broke the kiss to roll over and lie beside me. My shirt and skirt were wrinkled and clinging to me oddly because of my sweat, my panties were completely soaked and the outline of my cock tented the fabric. Raven hair strewn across the pillows, both of us stared at the ceiling.

After a while of silence, we glanced at each other in unison, grins found our lips and we chuckled. She leaned over and stole a quick kiss before cuddling up to my side. We just basked in the moment. Our fingers intertwined and I rubbed my cheek into her hair and we were happy.

Until it dawned on me, once again.

"Do you really have to go?" I asked quietly.

"You know I do," she played with my fingers "My dad wants us there for support."

I pressed my palm to hers and held it tightly, "But..."

She sat up a little and looked me in the eye, "I'm sorry, Abby."

Biting the inside of my lip, I locked onto her hues and nodded slowly. "Just don't do anything stupid while you're away, okay?"

Grinning, she poked my chest, "Who do I look like? You?"

- Present -

"That was a month ago" I sat there playing with my hair in one of those typical leather couches.

"And that's why you've been lashing out in classes?" the school's counselor had her legs folded with a cup of tea in one hand as she looked me over.

"I miss her, alright. And she's still gonna be away for another month or two" I sighed quite loudly.

"That's exactly why you need to sort this out now. We can't have you pushing your frustrations onto everyone else."

"I'm sorry, but it's just..." I couldn't help my gaze from catching the woman's cleavage or the way her recently shaven legs peeked out from under her dress, but I forced myself to look away and I balled my fists "I'm sorry, ma'am, I won't cause any more problems."

She shook her head a little and took a sip from her tea, "I only have your word on this, so don't disappoint me." 

Her head motioned towards the door, and I took that as my permission to leave. But as I neared the door, she chimed in once more, "Abby, if you need to talk about anything, I'm here."

Pressing my hand to the door, I glanced back for just a moment to nod before I walked out.

The corridors were empty. Papers and odd things littered the ground, hair ties, pens, the random crumpled packet. It was eerily quiet, being so late after the school day was over. One last quarter of high school and I would be out into the real world...

...great.

I walked with teeth gritting and my attention downcast to just get the hell out of there. An overwhelming urge to punch the nearest wall seemed to always be at the back of my mind these days, and I didn't know what to do about it. One eraser had chosen the wrong day to be in my path as I swiped my shoe at it and sent it flying out into the brick path outside. When I glanced up, I saw it roll to a halt right in front of the field's open gates. My school had its entire sports area blocked off by its own fence where people could only go during designated times to practice. I guess it was to limit the hiding spots where people could sneak off to smoke a joint. But it was too late for practice, and yet the gates were wide open. A strong breeze caught my hair and blew it towards the massive green field. 

That forgotten feeling thudded in my chest.

Cautiously toeing my way closer, I checked to make sure nobody was looking, and I stepped through the gates. Again, my chest thumped. To the one side was the bleachers, huge rows of benches up a steep incline where a shitload of people could come to spectate the games. To the other was the clubhouse where the teachers could chill and drink beers away from wandering eyes. Now, they were both just dead. Not a sound. Where you could usually feel the vibrations of feet kicking the Earth and chanting that would put an army to shame, there was just nothing. The field was just...there.

And so I did what anyone would do. I ran. I ran fast.

My bag hit the ground, I felt something that I thought I'd lost, the wind chilled my boiling blood.

I was free.

As I neared the end of the football field, I slowed my momentum to a halt. I arched to stretch in the sun and simply breathed. Man, when last did I just run? Not for the sake of anything, but just because I wanted to? I couldn't remember when last I did something for me. The bleachers were a good distance away but they still dominated my view. I'd never sat at the top before, just because the real sports fans would sprint up to take the good seats in the shade, leaving the rest of us to sweat our asses off in the sun. Guess what was next on my agenda for the day.

That field could've gone on forever and I wouldn't have cared. A slow, leisure stroll, hands folded behind my head while I enjoyed the scent of fresh grass. There were still no signs of students or teachers anywhere. Maybe I was the last in the school. I placed one foot onto the benches and shot up, taking them like a champ as they shook and twanged with every bounce. And I reached the top where the day's heat could never reach. So cold and soothing, I swear I could sleep there. I exhaled all of my pent up adrenaline. I eased into the center of the uppermost bench. I turned my gaze downcast.

Anger still festered in my mind.

Sighing, I balled my fists. There was just no getting around it. I missed her. It had only been a month, but it felt like so much more. But perhaps, that's because I stopped more than just seeing her. I glared at my skirt. Maybe it's because I considered it to be like cheating on her, but I hadn't touched myself since our last night together. Don't get me wrong, I didn't beat the fucking thing around like it had stolen my money, I just used to do it like an average guy would, maybe a little more. But I'd put a mental block on it totally. And I was feeling the withdrawal.

And there was still at least another month of it.

My throat tightened, I gripped the bench with white knuckles, I curled forward. In one move, I stood and shouted at the field, just because I could. The boom echoed to the far reaches of the green and my digits loosened enough to hang at my sides. Well, that didn't help at all, but at least now I could scratch that off my bucket list.

"That looked fun," a girl spoke behind me.

"Jesus!" my shoes bolted in the other direction, slipping on the steel surface and causing me to tumble one row down. I quickly found who scared the Christ out of me.

"Nope, just me," she grinned and gave a minor salute with two fingers. She also wore the school's uniform, short black hair with some lines deliberately shaved through, a silver stud in one nostril, shirt unbuttoned two down. I'd never seen her before in my life, but then again she looked like the type of people I avoided like the plague. 

"Where the...who the...what the fuck?" I tried to make some semblance of sense out of the engagement.

"Yeah, most people don't notice me. I guess I'm mysterious like that," she even concluded the sentence with some sarcastic voodoo hand gestures, "Or you're blind as shit."

Well, that was also a possibility. "How long have you been there?" I asked with a light blush finding my cheeks.

"Long enough," she folded her legs on the bench and dug around her shirt pocket for a box. And out came a pack of smokes and a lighter. "Say anything and I'll take your ass with me," she gave a half-joking death stare.

I was still too dumbfounded at this point to even register what she was doing. "Wait, why are you even here?"

She pinched a cigarette between two fingers and slid it between her lips. Hues locked to the field, she lit its tip and inhaled deeply before exhaling a cloud of smoke out the corner of her mouth. Only then did she slowly find my features. "Same as you."

I finally realized that I was still lying sprawled on a bench and decided to start picking myself up. "You don't know shit about me."

"Yeah?" her neck cocked a little, "We're about to be thrown into the big bad world. You have no fucking idea what you wanna do with your life. Our fake friends are about to fade from existence. This open stretch of grass makes you feel like you can have an open mind again. But you know that's fucking bullshit," she looked me straight in my unblinking eyes and she topped it with "And despite all of this, you're pissed off about something that probably doesn't even matter in the long run."

Finding my feet, I touched my arm for some comfort as I tried my hardest to find some flaw in her thinking. There wasn't any. Finally, I piped up, "Is that why you're here?"

She shrugged and gave a wide smile, "I guess so," and she tapped the bench, "So, do you wanna be a cynical asshole with me?"

At that point, my decision would dictate how the rest of this story goes. I wish I could say that I made the right choice, and maybe I did, but maybe that's your opinion in the end. "Uh, sure," I awkwardly climbed the one row and sat about a meter away from her. Taking another long drag, she puffed a stream into the breeze that made me cringe and look away. It's not like I wasn't used to cigarettes, far from it, but I still tried to keep my distance. I decided to pry a little, "So, what's your name?"

"Cee." 

"C?"

"Yup."

"Well, I'm Abby."

"Didn't ask."

I felt my heart sink a little and I diverted my gaze.

"Christ, relax I'm joking. You need to learn to not give a fuck."

"You look like you're a master of it." I glared at her as she swayed slightly and enjoyed her smoke.

"It's like confidence. Fake it enough and you'll eventually have it."

"But if you don't care about anything then you'll just be depressed and lonely."

"Yup, you're right. I should be more like you and then I'll be happy and hang out with all my friends all the time." I could fucking feel the irony of my words searing into me. She shot a grin at me, begging me to just try and poke at her again.

"You're a real bitch, ya know?".

"But at least I am real."

"Fair enough."

"So, on our journey to making you care less, tell me what you're so pissy about." she gripped the sides of the bench to rotate herself to face me properly.

"What are you, my therapist?"

"Except I'll actually try and help," she scooted a little closer and grinned, "Come on, I'm all ears."

"It's personal."

She looked me in the eye, lowered the cigarette to the bench and roughly ground it down. Once it was dead, she gave the leftover to me. "If I tell anyone about this, you can show that to the principle and say it was mine. Deal?"

The dead bud fell into my open palm and I kinda just stared at it for a while. Was she being serious? She could get thrown out of the school for that. "Why do you care?"

"Because I'm bored, and you seem interesting." she shrugged.

I narrowed my hues at her, debating whether to trust this random stranger or not. And then the urge hit me to just not give a fuck. So I sighed and pocketed the cigarette end. "Fine. I'm pissed off became my girlfriend is away and she's only coming back in like a month or so."

"Wait, that's it?" Cee raised a brow "I don't buy that for a fuckin' second. Why are you really pissed off?"

Again, I fought myself to hide the truth but not caring won. "I haven't gotten off in a month, okay? That's why I'm moody."

She touched her stomach and openly laughed at my pain, to the point where she almost fell backwards. "Oh fuck, you have to see how stupid that is, right?"

"To you, maybe." I rolled my eyes.

"So what, you haven't even like gone to the bathroom and just fuckin' gone at it with a toothbrush or something?"

"I dunno, I feel like it would be wrong."

"Fuck off. If it's making you this pissed off then just do it. Do you really think she'll mind if you were lying in bed and just snuck a hand down your pants? And you can do it while thinking of her, if it makes you feel better. Just imagine her lips on yours, warming your neck, kissing down your chest..."

At that point, I was already glazing over and picturing her lying in bed with me again, cuddled up to my side, pampering me with kisses.

"...she pulls your panties down and licks your thighs just to make you extra wet..."

I blushed at the thought and my heart fell to my stomach.

"...and when you least expect it, she fuckin' dives into your pussy, and you know you're not gonna last long..."

Too lost in thought, I didn't notice my skirt pitching a tent, and quite visibly.

"...Ooooh, now that IS quite interesting," she giggled.

My hues flicked to her and then down at my skirt, instantly striking fear into me. I turned away from her, hands shooting down to cover my erection as I yelled over my shoulder, "Don't look!"

"It's okay. You don't have to hide it..." She chuckled, "I'm the same."

I became numb. Cautiously looking back at her, eyes wide, "What?"

That dirty grin spread across her maw and she spread her legs to hang them off either side of the bench. "Show me yours and I'll show you mine" she leaned back, propping herself up on her palms.

"You're not serious, are you?" I watched her very closely, taking nervous glances down at the front of her skirt. If she really was like me, I couldn't see it.

"Come on. You can't say that you're not curious about it, too. I thought I was the only one."

Me too. I swallowed hard. Could she really be like me? What were the odds? I had to know for certain. And so, I hesitantly spun around and assumed a similar position as her own, meeting her hungry gaze. "You don't tell anyone about this." I warned, and she nodded, hues transfixed on my bulge. Reaching down, I lifted my skirt so that it folded onto my tummy, freely exposing my tented panties. 

"It must be tight in those." she bit her lip.

My heart skipped a beat. I pinched the frills of my remaining coverage and slowly lifted it over and down my length. Its bright pink tip showed first, followed by a smooth, plump shaft. Big enough to contend with the most hung guys I'd seen in porn. Once I was completely exposed, I let my panties hug me right at its base. I'd never shown it to anyone but my girlfriend before, and my excitement was literally impossible to hide as I visibly throbbed in the breeze. "O-okay, now you." I stared at her, brows knitted in worry and interest at the same time.

Her cheek lifted into a smirk, "It's cute." Then, she did the same as I did. As she lifted her skirt, I could see a lump, further proving her right, and she started to lower her panties. However, she had to fish her flaccid length out and let it droop against her thigh. But it was very real. Her's looked more scarier than mine did, more man-like. To put it in her words, mine was cuter than hers. But they were roughly the same length, give or take. "I didn't think there were more people like me...I'm glad I was wrong." she grinned.

I couldn't stop staring at it. She had a cock, just like me. My own pulsed and a bead of pre formed and rolled down my length. Did she play with it like I did? Had she ever fucked anyone with it? Had she ever been fucked? I had so many questions, so many things I've wanted to ask someone like me. And apparently my fascination hadn't gone by unnoticed as I was caught staring, mouth agape and cock twitching.

"Keep staring and it might wink at you." she chuckled, sliding her delicate fingers under its weight to hold it firmly in one hand. "Like what you see?" she asked as she gave it a few pumps, bringing some life to the hunk of flesh.

Her question took me aback, "N-no, I mean, I can't," I tried to divert my gaze but my body knew what I wanted more than my brain did.

"It's okay. You're just watching, that's all." her hand wrapped around it perfectly and she twisted her palm slowly around it from base to tip as it started to thicken and become rigid. Within no time, it was hard as iron and throbbing in her grip. Sitting more upright for a moment, she angled her head somewhat over it and pursed her lips as a strand of spit began to droop down to her length. It splattered against her tip, making it glisten. I bucked my hips at the sight, copious amounts of pre drooling and dampening my panties. She leaned back again with a dirty grin and continued to stroke herself, using her saliva as lube. 

Was this actually happening? Her lips parted as she started to really get into it and her thick member became slick with juices, letting off pops and smacks when the ridges of her fingers rode over its mushroom tip. Absorbed in the sight, instinct taking control, my digits nudged my own cock. 

"Yes, it's alright. You know how good it'll feel," she paused when a spike of pleasure caused her to twitch a little, "I'll teach you how to let go of everything you hate, and show you what true pleasure is. Do you trust me?" the tempo of her hand picked up to the point where the scent of her spit was indulging my senses.
