 Chapter 2 -- Departure

Jack awoke to the pleasurable feeling of fellatio. As he opened his eyes he saw Quillé already working hungrily on his cock. The petite goddess was sucking long and deep, while grinding herself against his leg, leaving wet trails on his shin. Jack couldn't help but smile. Is it because of me, or is she like this with everybody?

Looking at the time on his bionic lenses he saw that he had slept for eight hours. Fuck. This was going to be an expensive visit. However, he paid by every commenced hour, and there was still thirty-eight minutes left until the next billable hour started. 

Jack looked at Quillé who had her mouth full, seemingly oblivious of any time constraint. Her slender hand played eagerly with her wet pussy, and her skin glowed with a pinkish hue. It was an erotic sight. 

"Okay, let's make this quick babygirl" he said, rubbing the sleep out of his blue eyes. 

She gave a mischievous grin and turned around, protruding her perfectly curved ass towards him and muttering cute sounding words in Varsii. The sight of the sex-hungry nymph enticed him, and Jack pulled himself up to his knees, stroking his cock that was slippery from her saliva. Her luminous eyes followed his movements and she continued to mutter beggingly in her melodic language while arching her back and protruding her ass as much as possible. With a wet hand, she pried one of her butt cheeks aside to give him a better view of her alluring little butthole. 

Jack's blood started boiling and with the left hand on his rock-hard cock, he pried her other butt cheeks apart and put the tip off his cock against her butthole, applying minimal pressure, to allow the goddess to prepare for the onslaught to come. He mumbled incoherently, and beggingly pushed against him, allowing the tip of his cock to enter just an inch or two. Jack put his strong hands on her hips and slid his cock in deeper. It was a tight fit, but the erotic little goddess pressed herself against him further, her words gaining momentum, as the pink hue of her skin grew. 

Then he pushed into her forcefully, his cock glistening and lubricated from her saliva. She groaned as his cock delved deep inside her. 

As the entire length was impossibly swallowed by her tight ass, he stood still for a moment, giving her some respite and a moment to adjust to the size. Does she even need it? She panted and shivered for just a moment before she began to move back and forth on her own accord. Small pulses of pink went through her as she swallowed Jack's long thick cock again and again with her perfectly shaped ass. 

Then Jack grabbed a firm hold of her full perky tits and kissed and licked the nape of her neck while plunging his endowed cock in and out of her ass mercilessly. Taking control back from the overly aroused xeno. Every time he plunged it in, a ripple of pink pulsated through her violet skin ending in her cheeks. With his weight, he pushed the petite goddess down, and she sunk into the bed, moaning and biting the pillow. She was helpless now, pinned by his muscular frame she could do nothing but submit to his power as he pistoned away. He felt as if he was desecrating something holy, and he reveled in it, just as much as she did. His mind was empty, completely free from everything but this moment of pure lust. 

Then Quillé squealed loudly as ripples of pink pulsated fiercely through her violet skin as she climaxed. The clenching and unclenching of her asshole pushed Jack to the edge, and he roared out Terran profanities in pleasure as he emptied his heavy balls in the tight confines of her ass. 

He stayed beside her, cradling her quivering body in his strong arms, and enjoying the heat that emanated from her. Quillé kissed him deep on the lips. Pushing her mouth against his until she was out of breath. They stayed like that for a while, looking into each other's eyes, and studying the features of one another. He let the back of his hand caress her cheek while letting his index finger run playfully along her slender neck. A shudder passed through her, and with the tip of his finger under her chin, he gently lifted her face to his. She kissed him passionately as if trying to cover his face with her mouth, and he pulled her body closer, clenching her firm butt in a strong grip with both hands. When she was out of breath again, she looked at him intently and grinned. 

Jack smiled back wryly and pushed himself off the bed. Quillé rolled back on her stomach protruding with her firm ass in the air. Cum dripped from her ravished behind and onto the sheets, and she playfully swayed her rear from side to side. 

Jack couldn't help but laugh at the insatiable nymph, before letting out a breath of contentment as he stretched his sore muscles. Then he gently slapped Quillé's ass, and she looked at him with a crooked little smile he had not seen before.

"I'm spent sweetheart and I can't linger." he said, shaking his head with a smile. 

She made a childish pouting face, crossed her arms across her chest, and turned her face away in mock offense. 

Jack laughed again "You are amazing Quillé. Who could have known that a treasure such as you were to be discovered on this barren rock. But I gotta' go sweetheart. People are expecting me." 

She looked at him with what could almost be interpreted as profound sadness, and Jack felt an unusual pang of heartache from having to leave this precious gem on this godforsaken rock. 

He caressed her cheek and she kissed his hand softly, looking up at him. He hesitantly pulled his hand away and began to get dressed. He did so in silence as both were at a loss for words. It was not like they could understand each other anyway. Their passion had been a business transaction, but the sex had been so much more than that, and they both knew it. She had given him much needed tenderness and solace, and he had given her something he had yet to ascertain. Maybe just a good time in this desolate place? 

Jack was about to say something when there was an ear-splitting crash from the hallway. Quillé froze instantly, her features suddenly changed from that of a quiet goddess to a mask of fear. She scrambled off the bed, and Jack quickly ejected the concealed pistol from his battlesuit which still lay piled on the floor. In quick strides he went to the door, listening. There was a commotion in the hallway, several angry voices, and heavy footsteps. Jack motioned for Quillé to stay down, and she peeked over the bead that she used for cover. Her beautiful face was marred with terror. 

In one quick motion, Jack pushed open the door and raised the laserpistol at the source of the noise.

To his surprise, the source of the debacle was an enraged male Kormak. Huge and stocky biped xenos that had evolved from water-dwelling mammals giving them features that to Jack resembled what could only be described as an alien version of an Orca. 

The heavily muscled Kormak was dressed in a uniform from DelCorp Mining and was holding a Kinto elevated by the throat. The Kinto squirmed helplessly in the death grip of the infuriated Kormak while it kicked furtively at its captor's great frame. 

Another Kinto laid sprawled out unconsciously on the floor, some broken and bloody teeth scattered around him. 

Usually, the Kormaks's were known to be quite mellow and peaceful, but if they became enraged, you could expect limbs to be torn off left and right, and heads crushed to a pulp. Jack had once seen a Kormak acquaintance tear the arm off a Kinto and beat it with it. It was an equally hilarious and terrifying sight. And especially humiliating for the Kinto gambler who had been caught cheating and ended up knocked out by his own fist. 

The great Kormak looked at Jack, his heavy chest puffing in and out in anger. His small yellow eyes looked straight at him, and Jack lowered the pistol and backed up slowly. The last thing he needed this morning was to be trampled by a 250-pound Moby Dick.

Back inside the room, he smiled reassuringly to Quillé. 

"Kormak." Jack informed with a shrug. 

Quillé had come out from hiding, and she breathed in and out anxiously. Before Jack could say anything else she crossed the room and pressed herself against him in a crushing embrace. Her body trembled, and she sobbed quietly.

Perplexed, Jack could do little else than try and comfort the small goddess. 

"It's okay babygirl, it was just a Kormak, nobody is here for you." He caressed her cheek and bowed down and kissed her on the forehead. 

"It's gonna be alright." 

He kissed her lips that quivered from fear. The kiss was hesitant this time, and Jack didn't push it.

Quillé was still obviously very shaken. What could make her this terrified?

Jack hesitated. He didn't like to bring new people onto his ship, but he knew he would feel horrible if he just left, without at least offering her a way out of this place, which had just occurred to Jack might be a prison for her.

"You wanna come with me Quillé?" he asked, making a motion with his hand to illustrate flying. "I'll take you away from here if you want."

He caressed her cheek, wiping away a tear with his thumb, and she looked up at him hopefully, with her big luminescent eyes that seemed to hold a whole galaxy of stars within them. 

"Kumkeriq?" She said in a broken voice. 

It sounded like a question, and Jack answered. 

"Omicron," he said, "I'm going to Omicron station." 

Her face paled, and she pulled away from him while shaking her head vigorously from side to side. Then she pushed him forcefully towards the door. 

Her petite stature made her efforts completely futile, and she made some angry remarks in Varsii. She quickly gave up when she realized the futility and tromped to the bed in heavy strides. Jack looked at her, uncertain what to do, but she just waved her hand dismissively, and crossed her arms across her exposed chest, waiting for him to leave. 

"It's an easy place to get lost in the masses Quillé. You can stay at my place for a while, until you get yourself sorted there. You can be invisible if that's what you need." Jack explained, hoping she would understand just a fraction of what he said. How could this amazing woman ever be invisible though? 

"Puntai." she hissed, her diminutive features marred by anger. "Alright I get it, Omicron is not possible for you. But that's where I gotta go. I got debts to settle."

"Puntai!" she repeated in a strong voice, motioning for the door with her head. 

"Alright, alright." Jack said, surrendering. 

He began to put his battlesuit back on in silence, the weight still heavy from the broken exoskeleton. A few times he would glance in the direction of Quillé, who remained with her back turned and arms crossed, waiting for him to leave. He noticed a few tears running down her cheeks, but whether they were from fear, anger or disappointment he could not ascertain. 

When he had put the entire battlesuit back on, he reached into a compartment of the armor and took out a small com-chip from HavCorp, which allowed contact with an encrypted signal to his handler. 

"If you ever need a hunter to chase those demons of yours, or someone to crush the bones of whatever skeletons you have in your closet, you contact me ok?" he said emphatically. 

When she didn't react to his words, he put the chip on the bed, and she glimpsed at it and rolled her eyes with a snort. 

"I'll give you the goddess discount." he said with a last attempt of lightening the mood and flashed her a reassuring smile. She barely offered him a glance. 

"Alright babygirl, you take care ok." 

He walked slowly to the door, and with one last look back at her, he opened it and walked into the corridor and its pinkish fluorescent light.

Any sign of the fight between the Kormak and the two Kintos was gone and a small cleaning bot glided past him. 

Walking towards the exit, he spotted Quillés small face peek out after him for just a second, at the edge of one of his bionic lenses, before her door closed with a clank. A small goddess locked within her sanctum. As he exited the corridor and entered the lounge area, his lenses flashed the transaction; 

'Thank you for your patronage here at the Thrill, where thrills of the flesh are our goal!' 

Successful transaction:

-1.500,- φ - Thrill Entertainment. (Transaction ID: corx34y0330258648) 

Jack blinked the notification away, annoyed of being reminded that his time with Quillé had been a business transaction. 

He continued his walk through the empty lounge, and exited the establishment swiftly, brushing past trash collecting robots, a few drunk Akarians, and some mining corporation workers. They were the only denizens out this early in the morning. 

He swiftly unlocked his motorcycle which complied with a whirring electrical sound as it transformed from its locked protective state. Like an armadillo uncurling itself. 

With a last glance back at the Thrill and its graffiti-covered facade, Jack gave the bike full throttle and blasted through the streets towards the docking area. 

With almost no traffic, Jack reached the docking bay quickly. He drove past a security gate, guarded by a security robot and a yawning Terran, who carelessly pressed the button to open the gate as soon as Jack was in sight. 

He drove through the gate and on to a great platform, which overlooked the entire docking bay. From here dozens of ships were visibly docked across four levels. 

Most ships were heavy mining corporation vessels, easily recognized by their bulk and simple designs, but there was a fair amount of Akarian ships as well, that looked somewhat like huge mechanical bugs. Jack also spotted two Dravv scavenger ships, unmistakable by their mismatched assembly of dozens of different ship parts in Frankenstein-esque constructions. Every Dravv ship looked different and unique, and although they were rarely beautiful to behold, they often had some unexpected quirks and tricks that could make them into anything from flying disasters, to marvels of creative engineering. 

On the docking area three levels down, Jack could see his own ship Amagi in all her beauty. 

The heavy warbird was a massive ship with immense thrusters and a horizontally-elongated front, which sometimes gave the ship-type the nickname 'hammerheads'. 

They had been retired from the Federation navy years ago, and now served mainly as patrol ships in Federation space. They were rare among independent hunters and mercenaries. Not least because they were difficult to get your hands on, but also because it usually required 2-3 individuals to fly it most efficiently. But Jack knew his Amagi better than anyone, and when he sat in the pilot's chair in the cockpit, she would purr like a kitten and behave as a well-trained bloodhound. More specifically Amagi was a modified Vega-class warbird manufactured by Kazuya Industries, with a long and distinguished past in the Federation navy behind it. The ship had served the Federation well during the war, partaking in many orbital battles against the Dromor Dominion. The Vega-class ships were built as multi-purpose frigates, with good combat abilities, but also with capacity and living quarters for one whole squad, as well as a cargo bay large enough to carry a smaller fighter craft or plenty of supplies. These attributes combined with the fact that the ships were durable as hell, had made it a wartime favorite on the rugged mountain planet Tsulaa IV. In short, it was a damn fine vessel. 

The original crew of the ship had all died on Tsulaa IV, eviscerated by vicious Dromor hunters, like so many others during that campaign. They had fought the Dromor-Khar, the most elite branch of the Dromor Dominion's military. The battles had been bloody, and the casualties had been so severe, that the Federation had considered the prospect of destroying the planet's surface completely. But the more than hundred million civilians had kept the cataclysmic strategy in check. But only barely. In the end, the campaign had come down to a battle of attrition, in which Jack and his squad of other bio-enhanced Terrans had fought month after month against some of the most well-trained killers in the galaxy. It had been hell. 

During the final months of the campaign on Tsulaa IV, Jack's crew had all but lost their lives or their sanity, and he had decided to leave the war for good, using the warbird as his means of emancipation. Honor and duty be damned. 

Over the years Jack had outfitted Amagi with all kinds of paraphernalia, swapping combat modules and weaponry in endless variations depending on his jobs. However, her current loadout had been stable for about a year. The only weaponry left from the original loadout was the four mounted laser repeaters from Kazuya Industries. They were solid versatile weapons with excellent firepower at all ranges, and Jack had never seen any reason to replace them. 

In addition, the warbird sported one heavy ballistic turret from Atarian Arms, with the ability to rotate 360 degrees for peripheral defense with the option of individual control, four electromagnetic rail guns from HavCorp, as well as two high velocity missile launchers, also from HavCorp, which was currently loaded with ten hypersonic missiles from Kazuya Industries.

It was a significant amount of firepower, and Jack had been forced to replace the reactor core to a more powerful version, as it not only had to power the extended weaponry, but also the upgraded quantum drives and thrusters, which had made the warbird much faster than other members of her class. To reach Amagi, Jack drove his motorcycle to a nearby elevator and pressed the button for level 3. 

From the descending elevator, Jack could see the levitating eyeball-like sphere, roughly the size of a football, that was the detached consciousness of his robot retainer VIC. Judging by the redness in the docking bay chiefs face they were seemingly in a heated discussion. When the elevator clanked to a stop, Jack drove his motorcycle across the docking platform and stopped a few feet from the arguing pair. 

The docking bay chief was a fat Terran dressed in a blue uniform from DelCorp Mining, which seemed to fight the strain from the size of his bulging stomach. His face was red, and his mustache quivered in anger as VIC spoke frantically in his idiosyncratic and elocutionary voice. 

"Oh, finally you are back! This podgy organic is of the erroneous conclusion that you have expired, and therefore is demanding payment, least the ship will be confiscated." VIC proclaimed vigorously. 

Jack got off the motorcycle and stepped up next to the stressed-out robot. 

"Will he now?" Jack asked, giving the docking chief a cold glare "And were you worried he was right VIC?" 

"Of course! It is not my ambition to end the rest of my approximately 39,64 centuries on a depleted asteroid together with the lineage of this copious specimen." VIC replied distastefully, hovering threateningly close to the docking bay chief and lowering the mechanical lids covering the robot's one green eye. The equivalent of VIC scowling.

"What seems to be the problem?" Jack asked in a no-bullshit tone. 

"The problem is," the fat man began, seemingly out of breath from his encounter with VIC "that your ship has taken valuable docking space from paying customers. According to my manifest, you only reserved space for a 24-hour period." 

"Then I will pay for a 48-hour period." Jack countered. 

The fat man eyed Jack, dressed in his battlesuit that was covered in signs of a dozen battles, and the fat man had to exert himself to sound authoritarian when faced with a trained killer. 
