 "I dream of a stairway to the skies, my angel is coming down from heaven to..." 

I hit the pause button on my game, looked at my phone, and my breath caught in my throat the way it always does when I see my girlfriend's name on the caller ID. Dumping the controller unceremoniously on the floor, I yanked the charging cord out of the phone and raised it to my ear. 

"Fallie?" I asked. 

"Hello, Daniel," her voice replied from the other side of the phone. It sounded strangely smooth and pure, like rubbing lotion across a freshly shaved leg. When we first met I'd thought she sounded like a robot, but it quickly grew on me and now I couldn't help but smile every time I heard it. "Have I interrupted anything?" 

"Nah," I said, looking at the half-dead boss that stood frozen on my tv set. "Just relaxing. What's up?" 

"That is good. If you are free of previous engagements tonight, then I..." Her voice faltered. That was enough to make my eyebrows rise in concern. In all the time we've known each other, she hadn't so much as stuttered a single time. 

"Are you okay?" I asked, tentatively. 

I could practically hear her nod on the other side. "I am well. Daniel, if you are not otherwise I engaged then I would like you to..." She paused again. "To come visit me at my house." 

Slowly, I nodded. "Sure, all right. What's the occasion?" 

"I think you will understand when you arrive. Can you be here in one hour and twenty seven minutes?" 

I smiled again. How she did it, I didn't know, but that was probably exactly how long it would take me to get cleaned up and drive over to her place on the dot. She was always saying things like that, and I had long since given up trying to understand how she could make such accurate guesses at the spur of the moment. It probably had something to do with what she was. 

"Absolutely," I said. "Should I bring anything? Movie? Pizza?" 

"No," came her answer, "that will not be necessary. Just you." 

"All right." I got up before I'd even hung up the phone, making for the bathroom. "I'll see you then, okay?" 

"Good. I love you, Daniel." 

"Love you too, babe." 

We both hung up, and I got into the shower to wash away the day's worth of grime that had somehow accumulated despite me doing nothing but sitting in my chair all day. 

What's she up to? I wondered as I rinsed the shampoo out of my hair. She was nervous about something. That by itself was enough to get me worried. I wouldn't call Fallie overconfident, but she's always had this air of self-assurance, like she doesn't need confidence because things were just made to work out her way in the first place. 

Thirty minutes later, I climbed into my car and backed out of the apartment parking lot. I knew where Fallie lived. I'd been there enough times that I didn't even need to GPS it anymore. Not only had I dropped her off there after more dates than I could count, I had been inside it plenty of times too. Fallie had a collection of movies and video games that rivaled mine, and I'd spent many a night getting my butt kicked at Smash Bros. and Mortal Kombat. 

I hummed in my throat as I stopped for a red light, halfway to her house. I'd spent so much time over there I'm surprised she hadn't started charging me rent, and yet never once had anything besides our shoes and socks come off while I was there. Perhaps that was what she... 

Don't get your hopes up, I thought to myself, pressing down the gas pedal and continuing on my way. 

We've dating each other for just over two years now. You might think that was a long time to stay abstinent, and honestly I would agree with you. I had brought it up once on our fifth date, while we were watching a movie at my place. She had immediately shot me down in that no nonsense way she did everything, saying that she wouldn't give up her virginity until she was absolutely sure that she had found the right one. I had honored her wishes— not that it was easy. She was beautiful, the kind of girl every guy wishes he could score but knew was out of his league. She could have been dating a movie star, if she'd wanted. When we cuddled up for a movie night, my cock would grow hard in my pants just feeling her soft cheek pressed against mine, her breasts rubbing against my side when she wrapped her arms around mine. I'd never brought it up again, though, for fear that she'd feel like I was pushing her too hard and end our relationship. Maybe I was being irrational, maybe I wasn't, it was hard to tell with her people. All I knew was that she was the kind of girl who was worth waiting for. 

One thing I should point out before I say anything else: Fallie isn't human. She's what's called an Avyd, a race that began appearing on Earth when I was a just a kid. For all intents and purposes, they're human, besides a couple of... let's say cosmetic differences. For one, their eyes are all one pure color. No whites, no irises, just one color through and through. Fallie's were as green as the purest emerald. Their skin was also so white you would think they were a race of albinos, but they seemed entirely immune to the sun's rays. 

Nobody knows where the Avyds came from. At first we thought they must have come from underground, some giant cave city, but there wasn't one to be found anywhere. Then there was, of course, the theory that they were aliens who'd been beamed down onto our planet. Not one single ufo was spotted that day, but there were theories that they could be beamed from light years away according to the law of Dead Scientist #379, bla bla bla. A lot of people still believe this theory, but there's one thing that keeps me from buying into that: the Avyds don't know where they came from either. Maybe their memories got wiped during the journey, but I still think there's more going on than we think. 

If you ask me, though, they're magic. And just like magic, you can't explain why they appeared out of nowhere, already fully clothed and fluent in whatever language the people around them spoke. They just are. 

There's also their abilities to take into consideration, too. Ever Avyd who appeared has a special "gift," as they call it. No two gifts are alike, and I have yet to see one that doesn't break the laws of physics in one way or another. One can, for lack of a better term, reverse fire. There was a wildfire in California a couple weeks after he appeared, and all he had to do was wave his hand and every inch of land that got burned was suddenly un-burned. The fire retreated back the way it had come, leaving lush and green forests behind it. Even the animals that had gotten caught in it were no worse for wear. 

All the Avyds were like this. Some were more powerful than others, but they all had a gift. Unfortunately, the human race being what it is, that led to a few of them being gunned down in fear— and that's where we learned that Avyds could die just as easily as humans. Luckily for us, the Avyds are perhaps the most peaceful creatures on the planet. Even with all their power, even when they were being hunted down, they never even considered using their gifts for anything besides helping people. The government quickly realized that the war being waged on them was entirely one sided, and demanded a complete and immediate cease of hostilities. After that, within months the Avyds had integrated so much into human culture that it was like they'd always been there. 

Not American culture. Human culture. 

I'm getting off track. I'd never seen Fallie's gift, and she had dodged the question every time I'd asked. I hummed in my throat again. Maybe that's what she was going to show me tonight. 

Fallie and I met about three years ago— at school, no less. Some Avyds appeared as fully grown adults, while others were children. Fallie was right there in the middle. Despite the smooth way she spoke and the calculated way she thought, she still ended up still having to go to school like a normal kid. She'd been beautiful even back then (most Avyds are) and so the entire male population of Venson High School had immediately pounced on her. I had watched from afar, the geek sitting alone at the lunch table, sighing with the depressing knowledge that someone so interesting would never take an interest in me, so I'd be better off not even trying. 

Imagine my surprise when she came to me. 

Fallie had been shy back then, and she'd quickly asked my permission to sit there. I had nodded, mute and more than a little shocked. The other kids would have gladly let her sit with them, she'd explained, but they were all so loud. She didn't like loud noises. My table was empty, except for me, and I was quiet. 

After that, things progressed the way you'd imagine. We got to be friends, and the year after we both graduated we started dating. Fallie might have sounded like a robot to someone who didn't know her, but she had feelings just like any other girl— and despite all odds, she had feelings for me! 

I pulled into Fallie's driveway and got out of the car. Her house was small, but not because that was all she could afford. After high school, she had almost immediately gotten a high paying job at a computer company without having to spend a day in college. Now, after two years of hard work, raises, and bonuses she could have afforded a freaking mansion if she'd wanted. No, her house was small because that was what she liked. Small and cozy, rather than big, fancy, and empty. Meanwhile, I could barely afford rent in my one bedroom apartment. She never judged me for that, though, which meant more to me than I can say. 

I rang the doorbell, and the door immediately opened to reveal Fallie's smiling face. One hour and twenty seven minutes, indeed. She wasted no time in taking my hand and pulling me inside with her, closing the door behind us. 

"Hello, beautiful," I said, smiling at her before leaning down for a kiss. She was half a foot shorter than me, the perfect height for a pretty girl in my opinion. 

"Hello, Daniel," she replied when we separated. "How are you tonight?" 

"Any night I get to see you is a good night." 

She smiled and nodded, as if that were exactly how things should be, and led me into her living room. Her hair was naturally white. Not old person white, white like snow. She could go rolling around in the mud, but it would always be as shiny as if she'd just shampooed it. Last week she wore it long, almost down to her butt, but now it was cut short, almost boyishly. In a couple days, it would probably be down to her shoulders again. I don't know how she does that. I asked if that was her gift, but she had only laughed. 

"Come with me," she said, taking my hand again and leading me into her living room. It was just big enough to fit a couch on one side, and a massive tv on the other— so big that it could practically serve as a wall in and of itself. Every game console known to man was laid out before it, like offerings before a god. Fallie had never played a video game before she'd met me, but once she'd tried one she was hooked for life. In fact, I've never asked, but I think it was because of me introducing her to the the joys of computers that she got her job at the computer company. I felt a hopeful flutter in my heart at the thought of a few rounds of Mario Kart, but instead she took me straight to the couch and sat me down. 

"So, what's going on?" I asked. 

Fallie hesitated a moment, and again I couldn't help but feel a bit concerned. Then, apparently banishing whatever doubts were bouncing around inside her head, she looked into my eyes with her pure emerald ones and took a step back. It was then that I finally noticed what she was wearing: a bath robe. 

Don't get me wrong, Fallie would look stunning in anything, but she normally made the effort to dress up nice whenever I came over. Nothing too fancy, but a nice pair of pants and a pretty blouse, or an attractive dress and shoes always made it clear she considered any time spent together to be an occasion worth dressing up for. That's why I was so caught off guard to find her wearing a simple bathrobe... and, if my eyes didn't deceive me, only a bathrobe. 

"Daniel," she said in her smooth, confident voice, "I have been thinking for a long time." 

"A- About what?" I asked, trying not to let the images flashing through my head distract me from the conversation at hand. 

She took a deep breath. "Do you love me?" 

"Of course I do!" I exclaimed. 

She nodded. "I know you do. I just wanted to hear it again. Daniel... We have been dating for two years now, and I have never been happier." 

"Me neither," I said without hesitation. 

A hint of a smile showed on her face. "On our third date, you asked me to have sex with you. I said no, because I wanted to make sure you were truly the one I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. Do you remember that?" 

I nodded. 

"But you have never asked again since then." She frowned a little. "Why is that?" 

I opened my mouth, but found I didn't have an answer right off the bat. I thought for a second, and then said, "Because I figured you would let me know when you were ready." 

"Even though we have been together for two years now?" 

I swallowed hard. "Y- You never brought it back up, so I... I thought you hadn't decided yet." 

Fallie giggled a little. "Daniel, do you really think I would have wasted the past two years of my life dating someone I didn't truly love?" 

I froze. "Fallie, are you saying..." 

My voice trailed off as she undid the cord tying her robe shut, and then shrugged it all off in one smooth motion. It fell to the floor, piled around her feet, but I was no longer looking at it. 

Oh... My... God! I was thinking. 

I had been right. Fallie hadn't been wearing anything beneath the robe, and now she stood before me completely naked. Her skin was flawless, not a mole or pimple disturbing her milky flesh. Her breasts were small, but perky, and I could see her nipples hardening beneath my stunned gaze. My eyes traveled downwards to where her hips flared, framing her smooth, hairless pussy like a beautiful painting. 

"What do you think, Daniel?" she asked with a slightly worried frown on her face. 

I raised my gaze to look into her emerald eyes. "You are every bit as beautiful as I ever imagined." 

Her smile returned, and she pirouetted to show off her perfectly rounded butt. 

"And just how often have you imagined it?" she asked coyly. 

"Every time I close my eyes." I paused. "Are you sure about this?" 

She walked over to where I sat, stopping just so that my knees brushed against her bare calves. 

"More sure than I have ever been about anything," she whispered. "Daniel, tonight has two purposes. First... I would like to give you my virginity." 

I swallowed. This was really happening. 

"And secondly, it is finally time for me to show you my gift." 

I blinked. "Y- Your gift? What does that have to do with anything?" 

"You will see. Just trust me. It is something I want to share with you more than anything else. So... will you take me, Daniel?" 

Slowly, I stood up to look her in the eye. "I would love to." 

I kissed her again, and this time she kissed me back with more passion than I had ever felt in her before. Not that she had been cold before, but now she was definitely hot. I snaked my hands around her, running them up and down her bare back while her naked chest pressed against my clothed one. My fingers stroked delicately down her spine, and I felt a shiver of pleasure course through her. 

"I have been wanting this for so long," she said, breaking the kiss. "I was beginning to worry that you did not love me the way I loved you." 

I raised a hand and traced my thumb across her cheek. "I love you more than anything in the world, Fallie," I whispered. 

She smiled at me, and then put her hands on my shoulders. 

"Take me too the bedroom, then," she said, and quickly hopped up, wrapping her legs around me and pressing her crotch against my own. I instinctively put my hands around her ass to hold her up, and she gasped in pleasure and surprise as I unintentionally gave her cheeks a squeeze. 

"And be quick about it!" she demanded. 

She didn't need to tell me twice! I hurried through her house, trying to see around her beautiful face as she tried to kiss me even as I walked, and nudged open her bedroom door with my foot. As soon as I had carried her in, she shifted her weight backwards and we both toppled over onto her bed. 

"This needs to go," she said, grabbing my shirt and yanking it over my head. As soon as it was off, she ran her hand across my chest. I do my best to stay in good health, but nothing can change the fact that I'm a video game geek, so a ripped athlete with a six pack I am not. For a second I felt a little bit ashamed— what right did a loser like me have to capture the heart of a literal goddess like Fallie? My momentary shame was quickly chased away, though, when she rolled me onto my back, straddling my still-clothed hips. She sat up, rubbing her pussy against my jeans in the process and moaning softly. A dark wet spot was forming on my crotch, but I honestly couldn't tell you if it was from her or me. 

"Feel me," she said, taking both my hands in her own. "Enjoy me, Daniel!" 

Raising my hands, she placed them on top of her breasts. My heart skipped a beat, but it was nothing compared to Fallie's. I could feel her heartbeat galloping inside her like a race horse. Was that excitement? Fear? Perhaps a little bit of both. I pushed those thoughts from my head. I had a girlfriend who desperately needed pleasuring. 

I tightened my grip around her breasts, and she sighed. I was a virgin, just like she was, so I obviously had never done this before. Still, I had watched my fair share of porn, so I tried to envision what they had done in those. I could feel her nipple in the palm of my hand, hard as a pebble in her arousal, and I slowly began to move my hands in small circles. Fallie murred in her throat, a sound which steadily grew louder with each passing minute. I admit I didn't know what I was going, but I could tell she was enjoying it so I kept going. Her breathing grew heavier, which served to push her breasts even harder into my hands, and her crotch began to slide against the bulge in my pants. There was no doubt about it this time, the wetness was definitely coming from her now. 

"Daniel," she whispered, rolling her head on her shoulders. "Yessss!" 

With that, I lowered my hands. Fallie opened her eyes, looking at me with even parts confusion and disappointment, but both of those vanished when I sat up, holding her to me so she didn't fall off my lap, and brought my mouth to her tits.  

"Oh, Daniel," she moaned before I had even touched her. "Yes, please! Do it!" 

My tongue snaked out of my mouth and flicked over her left nipple. Fallie immediately stiffened with another moan, and I took that to mean I was doing it right. Moving my head a little closer, I took the entire tip of her breast into my mouth, swirling my tongue around the areola a few times before running it over the nipple again. With my right hand, I continued to rub and caress her other breast before switching, sucking on her right breast and fondling her left. Her moans continued to grow louder, to the point where I was glad we weren't at my place for fear of the neighbors overhearing. 

Taking charge for a moment, I rolled her over so that I was the one lying on top of her. Then I brought my mouth to her left breast again, but instead of putting my hand on her right one, I put it on her stomach. Her skin was so warm, so smooth, it was incredible! I traced delicate lines up and down her belly while I nursed her breast, and then slowly trailed my fingers down her stomach, to her crotch. She shivered in excitement. My fingers brushed against her clit, and— 
