 Nyx awoke to the gentle, warm spray of cum against her face. She smiled up at the patron, who gushed another pair of ropes onto her cheeks before letting the rest dribble onto the sheet beneath her. She sat up out of bed to lick his cock clean, then thanked him when he deposited his 15 Gold into the piggybank next to her bed. Another satisfied client, and all she had to do was lie there and take a load!

The mirror revealed the extent of the damage. In her world, bodily fluids never dried. Normally that allowed for gross tapestries of gore in fight scenes, but a pleasant side effect was that the bukkake of loads on her face could drain down onto her tits when she sprung out of bed. She'd need to clean up, eventually. But it was nice to feel at least five guy's worth of liquid love on her body, knowing they all paid for the right to use her body.

The little display above the bank flashed with the current amount: 14098 Gold. It was almost enough! The journey to the Final Gate, and a chance to leave this world, was an expensive one. Only the best could manage it, and most of them had already left. Those that remained behind used their skills to extract money from those who couldn't make the trip by themselves. They were Smugglers, getting players passed the difficult bosses and traps that would instantly kill a low level player. The price they had quoted her was 15000. If she paid that, she could be free.

Thinking of that chance at freedom made Nyx a little uneasy. There, buried behind a wall of denial, was the knowledge that she wasn't always Nyx the Prostitute. There was a real person somewhere in her head, someone who had gotten stuck in this game world when the program went haywire. She could still picture that person. Short, overweight, glasses. And...male.

She looked down at herself. The dissonance between the person she'd been and who she was now made her uncomfortable. To her perception, she was a beautiful pink-haired woman. Her perky, cum-dripping breasts bounced with every step. She flaunted her assets for the mirror, showing off an unrealistic-looking posterior that practically begged to be forced to jiggle from the impact of a hard fucking. 

But she was also that other person too. Somewhere out there, locked in a VR Pod, was a pudgy guy on life support, whose mind was trapped inside a fantasy world. It had been her body. It still was her body. But...it had been so long ago. It was hard for her to recall what it was like to be out in the real world. What would it be like to be a guy again?

"Nyx, you got a customer! Low Level Gear this time," said a voice over the in-game chat. She shook out of her reverie and went to clean herself up. As much fun as it was to be slathered in semen, it had a turn-off factor to some people. Once she looked and smelled fresh, she slipped on her comically slutty version of a default adventurer's outfit. Tattered skirt and blouse, shoddy bracers and boots, and a wooden sword belted to her side. It was one of her common costumes. Plenty of people had a fetish for ravaging a low-level player. She waited by the door, doing her best to look innocent. 

The door swung open. A brute in leather armour stood erect in the frame. He entered by ducking a little, allowing the handle of the sword on his back to narrowly avoid hitting the wooden frame on his way in. The gear he wore was enchanted, humming with high level magics that took visible form as auras of light around each item. Even to someone with little combat experience, Nyx knew this guy had to be a heavy hitter.

When her eyes rose to face him, her jaw hung open. Despite the scars, the greyed hair, and the tattoo of a serpent on his neck, she couldn't help but think this guy looked familiar. A memory fought to surface in her mind. A memory of what seemed like a lifetime ago.

"Dennis?" she asked. The man looked disturbed too, though it didn't show in anything but his eyes. 

"My God...is that you Nick?"

Nyx blushed, not knowing what to do. "D-don't...I mean, this is just what...I...oh, fuck, just..." She hid her face with her hands, hoping to make the shame go away. The next thing she felt were two strong hands gripping her shoulders in a reassuring manner. She calmed down, letting her fingers fall from her eyes. 

"It's alright, it's alright. I knew you were in here somewhere but...I didn't remember that you did this kinda thing on the side."

Nyx nodded shakily. "It was just cause I was horny. I mean, it was free Gold for being a slut online. Why not do it? But then the Overload happened...and since I wasn't logged onto my main, I got stuck in here." She pressed a finger to her breastbone. "I...oh God, what have I been doing?!"

She pressed her head into his chest. It felt so good to have a familiar presence, even if it was just a virtual avatar of her old friend. Only after she stopped shaking did she pull out of the embrace and look up. Her glittering violet eyes gave her the airs of a vulnerable magical princess, begging to be rescued.

"I'm just glad you were okay," Dennis said. "When I saw you weren't with us in the early days, pushing endgame content, I thought you must have been logged off during the Overload. But...I guess you were fucking for Gold on your slut account when it happened." He looked off to the side, breaking eye contact. Nyx could only imagine what he was going through in his head. 

"My...my character's stats are all in charisma and performance skills. I can't fight worth anything like this." She twirled around, showing off the absurd proportions of her idealised facsimile of the female form. Dennis didn't hide that he was taking in the feast for the eyes enthusiastically. She blushed at that. Nyx knew Dennis in the real world. This was wrong somehow!

"Ah. And I guess you've been saving your Gold to pay for a Smuggler?" he asked. After Nyx confirmed it with a nod, he cracked a smile. "Well, you're in luck. I'm in one of the top Smuggler guilds in the game. I can get you out of here, free of charge."

Her eyes widened. "For free? W-why?"

"Because you're my friend, dummy. But...I have one request." He hooked his finger around the thin strap to her top, tugging it downward. Her hand reached up to catch it before it slipped off her shoulder.

"What's the big idea?" she asked. "Didn't you just say I was your friend?"

Dennis mussed up her hair. "Of course you are. But, c'mon, you look super fucking hot right now. Why not have fun with it?"

Nyx shrugged that off, trying to articulate all the reasons why this was inappropriate. In her body, however, she felt a rising warmth in her belly. The kind she knew meant that her libido didn't think the idea was wrong at all~ 

"But...I'm a guy in real life!"

He laughed. It was deep, booming sound that made Nyx's heart flutter. "I specifically asked for a G.I.R.L slut. Didn't know it would be you."

"A...g-girl slut?" Nyx asked.

"You know, a Guy In Real Life. I guess there's quite a few of those. Dudes who got stuck looking like hot ladies during the Overload. Most of them are regular fighters now, pushing back the monsters with the rest of us. But some of them...well...some of them are just horny little whores who sell themselves for Gold. Isn't that right, 'Nyx'?" He used her character name as if it was a taunting insult, then tilted her chin up with his finger. "You can be Nyx with me. It's okay. Just relax for a bit."

She twitched, shaking her head lightly to escape from his touch. "That's...I mean...what if everyone else knew? What if my parents..." All the things she'd done since the Overload flooded back to her now. A wall she'd built to keep the dissonance at bay was crumbling. 

"I can see this will be harder for you than I thought. I have something that can help," Dennis said, but she couldn't hear him. The memories were flooding up, threatening to overwhelm her

A clicking noise and sudden coldness against her neck made Nyx gasp. The wave of remembrance and self-doubt vanished. She looked over to the mirror to see a golden choker with a pink gemstone pressing against her throat.

"W-what?" she asked, tugging at the jewel. He approached behind her, holding her shoulders in his heavy hands.

"It's a little thing I picked up off a Game Master. Used to use it to control wayward players from getting too out of control, but since the Mods all went insane, they're been turning up in the hands of perverts and unscrupulous-types all over. It'll help you focus on what's important." He watched her try to unhook the necklace for a bit, enjoying her feeble struggle. With a rumbling, masculine authority he commanded her: "Stop."

Her hands fell to her sides. It was like the word had come from inside her head, instead of from him. Nyx whimpered, shaking a little. "What is...what are you doing?!"

He brushed her hair. "Don't worry, I'm not going to hurt you. I just want to make this easier for you. The Overload took a lot out of you, having to maintain two separate personalities like this. I want to help. The Amulet will make you obey. The Amulet makes everything I say turn to truth. You understand this, don't you?"

Nyx nodded, though there was a tinge of apprehension. She was completely at the mercy of her old friend. What would he do to her?!

"Picture yourself in a room. In front of you, sitting on a bed, is Nick. Remember what Nick looks like?"

She nodded. The image conjured itself in her mind. Her old body. Short hair, glasses, a little chubby around the midsection. He always had such wonderful blue eyes, but other than that, he looked like a typical nerd. Not who Nyx wanted to be. Nyx looked like how Nick wanted to look. Nyx was Nick if he was free to be Nyx.

"Good Girl. That's Nick there. He thinks Nicks' thoughts, he has Nick's feelings and worries. But Nick sure looks tired, doesn't he?" 

Nyx used her mind's eye to examine the boy in front of her. Sure enough, he had dark bags under his eyes and his shoulders drooped down. "Yes he is! He looks so tired," she said with a little whine of pity at the poor creature. 

"Nick should go to sleep now. Look, he's right there, slipping under the covers."

She saw it, as vividly as it would look like if it was happening in front of her. A bed materialised, and Nick pulled back the comforter. Part of her knew she should say something. She wanted to warn him that if he went to sleep, she didn't know when he'd wake up. But there was this craving inside her too. The one that wanted him to sleep. To put her worries to bed and fully indulge in this glorious buffet of corrupt pleasure without hindrance or concern. 

Her enjoyment was obvious, judging by the beading around her pussy lips. "He's just so tired. Nick's drifting off to sleep now. Say 'Good Night, Nick!'"

"Good night, Nick," Nyx mumbled, stuck in her half-dreaming state. The vision of Nick slipped into slumber, and with him went all the worries and stresses about being a horny girl full-time. As all the negative emotions washed out of her mind, she couldn't keep herself from masturbating. Staring at her own dumb, horny reflection was too hot to not pleasure herself to!

Dennis watched the girl who had been his friend in real life fingering her pussy with the satisfaction of having conquered a tough boss for the first time. Finally free to have the slutty Nyx he wanted, he took his time disrobing. A large, ridiculously thick cock spilled out of his underclothes. In reality, that kind of thing might hurt or even be impossible to fit inside. But the wonders of this VR MMO were that anything was possible if you wanted it enough~

He tugged her skirt down, showing off just how curvy the former gamer had become. "Keep watching the mirror, sweets. Looking into those pretty eyes. And while you're at it, stick out your ass for me a bit." 

She obeyed. Her attention caught in her own reflection, she stepped backward a touch to point her luxuriously thick rear out for his inspection. She leaned against the countertop, clutching the marble when Dennis went prodding around her reddened pussy.

"See that girl in the mirror? That lusty, horny slut who's about to get fucked? That's you, Nyx. That's all you."

Nyx's moan could be heard in the hallway, even with the soundproofing. The Amulet around her neck made every word Dennis spoke a truth, but Nyx knew it to be true already. She was a whore in every sense of the word and she loved it.

"Now let's make you spray those worries out onto your thighs, like a good girl."

When he slid his tip inside her, it didn't feel at all like the many cocks that had come before him. This was different. This was a special occasion, feeling the (virtual exaggeration of) a friend's cock inside her. There was no denying there was a pleasure to being taken by someone who knew her for who she really was. But looking in the mirror, she couldn't help but wonder...who was she? The pretty, pink haired girl in the mirror? Who else could she be?

Feeling him push forward confirmed it. The glint in her eyes as he stuffed inches of shaft inside was undeniable. She relaxed herself to allow more of him to fit nicely inside her needy hole. It felt way better than a finger, after all. Somewhere, she was distantly aware that there was an elaborate computer processor converting all the sensations she was experiencing into data to feed into the mind of a comatose body. But that wasn't her anymore! Nick was asleep. She was Nyx, and Nyx was a dirty, slutty girl.

For a few blessed minutes, they were in sync. Dennis wasn't gentle. He pounded her viciously, holding her waist for support just as she clutched the countertop. Her gaze never wavered from the expression of rapture on her own face. This was her. She was enjoying getting fucked like the glorious sexual creature that she was. A playful grin curled, and she shoved her ass against him, catching Dennis unawares and partially disrupting his rhythm. He punished her with a hard spank that made her skin sting sweetly, then returned his efforts to fucking her senseless.

It was good. It was too good. She'd never felt this way! Not in reality, not in the game, not even in a dream. Her climax was mindblowing. It tore out her old ideas for what sex should be and replaced them with a high water mark she might never replicate. The combination of being beholden to another person and the thrill of obedience combined with the bestial act of lovemaking to combine and morph into something more. A Giving of Oneself that was completely and totally erotic to Nyx, something that shook her completely. She clenched in spastic jerks around his dick, and Dennis had to hold her upright to keep her from flopping bonelessly to the ground in a pile or orgasmic goop. As it was, he barely kept himself buried inside long enough to fire his own load.

He buried his fat cock inside her squeezing slit and growled out. Hard, piping hot blasts of spunk gushed inside her. He pulled her back and forth against him, using her like a fleshlight to milk the load from his body. Her inner walls were repainted a nice off-white colour by the time he was done.

Nyx shivered as the feeling of pressure released, Dennis' cock flopping out of her well-used hole. A gush of cum spilled down her thighs like an erotic waterfall, and a small part of her wished that she could get knocked up in a game like this. But giving herself to others for pleasure had a fulfilment all its own. 

He reached over to deposit payment into her piggybank. He added a 50 Gold tip as well. "Hate to go back to my unit smelling like pussy. How about you clean me off, sweetie?"

Nyx giggled, giving him a flirty glance while she slid to her knees. One landed in a small puddle of spent cum, but that was fine. The more on her body, the better! She licked and lapped up every ounce of moisture on his softening cock, tasting both him and herself in equal portion. The dull glow of the orgasm may have faded, but it still made her feel hot to know she was suckling down her own pussy juices without a second thought.

When his cock was clean, he gave her a pat on the head. "Good girl, Nyx. I'll have to send my friends this way. They'll love making you squeal. You'll get a ticket out, don't worry. It'll just be after everyone else is gone. Us smugglers will get everyone out of the game, eventually. Until then though, we have needs. I think you should stick around in the game."

"Yes, please! The more cock the better!" the whore said without a hint of irony or self awareness. Why would she ever leave when there were dicks to pleasure? That made Dennis laugh again, which made her giggle. She loved being a funny slut!

He picked up his gear and left, leaving Nyx in a cum-fuelled, giggly daze. She stood up off her knees and wandered to the centre of the room. There was something she had to do, wasn't there?

Nyx looked at her piggybank. There was something she was going to do with all that Gold. Something very important...

"Ohmygosh, I forgot!" She scrambled back over to the mirror and hastily opened the appearance change menu. That's what she had saved that money for: a super-extra-special makeover to make boys extra hard! If Dennis was gonna send his friends her way, she had to look her prettiest!

A torrent of sliders appeared around her reflection, each controlling a single bodily feature. The first thing Nyx touched was the Bust Size bar. She jammed it forward, then looked down to bask in the intoxicating image of her breasts expanding. They blew out several cup sizes until they reached the in-game limit. Then, it was over to Lip Size. She made her mouth a perky, plump place you'd want to slip your cock into, and added some permanent pink lipstick to the look.

In her peripheral vision, she saw every change take a toll on her account. Already she was down 2000 Gold. But there were so many sliders left to change! She went back to making adjustments. Her ass reached the limit in size, and she forced the cheeks just slightly apart so her asshole was visible to interested persons if they happened to glance in her direction. Her pussy went from cute little slit to cavernous fuckhole, Nyx puffing up her pussy until it resembled a sextoy rather than anything belonging to a real person. She also amped up the moisture release, making her constantly drip her arousal like a horny little slut.

Then came clothes! Her outfits didn't fit her anymore, so she had to buy a bunch of replacements. Plus she wanted to try some more risque stuff. A priestess dress? A wedding gown? She blushed as she added both of those to her cart. A flurry of skirts, stockings, socks, panties, and other accoutrements found themselves into her inventory, as well as a selection of toys for personal use. Five tail plugs, four vibrators, a strap on for girl clients...oh how much fun she was going to have!

Over half her piggybank was drained before she was done getting her gear and appearance in order. Again, there was a dim feeling like she should be saving her money for something. She scrolled through menus. What was she going to spend her money on that was so important?

It came to her in a jolt of frisson. Of course! She was saving for a bunch of tattoos! Nyx giggled at how silly she was for not remembering! The first one was obvious: a nice big arrow on her lower abdomen pointing to her pussy. Running perpendicular to the path of the arrow would say CUMBANK in pretty girly writing. She used a similar font for the words G.I.R.L and WHORE on her left and right buttcheeks, respectively. A few pretty ones, like cartoon hearts on her cheeks and running down her legs, and a little permanent, tattooed on makeup completed her look.

When she was finished, her bank account was almost out. Oopsies! She'd have to work extra hard to afford more pretty things! Her next client buzzed up to see her, and she got excited. A chance to wear her priestess outfit! This guy always had a thing for the innocent types. She slid on her new dress, the circlet of flowers, and the wicker sandals. Her client entered with his trademark swagger. She threw herself to the bed. White strips of silky fabric fluttered in the air.
