 Anita

"You look tired," 

"Hmmm?" Startled out of a light doze, I blinked sleepily at Marian. "What did you say?" 

"I said, you look tired." Marian poured me a cup of coffee. "Late night?"

I swiftly stifled an urge to look guiltily at the demon. She probably thinks you were up late studying, you dope, I thought to myself as I took a sip of the coffee. There's no way she suspects... 

"After all, you do have a rather hot young man sleeping in your room now," Marian said, giggling. "One who has to obey your every command." 

I choked on my mouthful of coffee, spraying a considerable amount of it out my nose. Marian, still giggling, handed me a napkin. "He's a demon!" I protested as I wiped my face off. "I would never-" 

"I know, I know," said Marian. "I was just trying to wake you up a bit more." She giggled again. "Looks like it worked." 

"Thank you ever so much," I sighed. 

"Well, we do have combat practice this morning," she said. 

I was even more awake at that. Combat practice was suppose to be less deadly than the actual duels, but people still got killed. "I thought that was next week!" 

"They moved it, remember? Don't worry, I've got my normal dispensation," Marian said. "I don't have to fight."

I sighed in relief. "Good." 

Marian looked at me, concerned. "You'll be ok, right? I mean, you are kind of tired." 

"I'll be fine," I reassured her. "Especially since I've got a demon now." 

"But the two of you have never worked together," Marian protested. "What if he gets in your way? What if he won't do what you tell him? What if-" 

The demon looked a bit miffed. He opened his mouth to speak, looked at me, and then changed his mind. 

"You have something to say?" I asked. "You have my permission to speak." 

"I would just like to point out that I am a seasoned combat veteran," Saban sneered. "Not some imp. I'll do my part. I don't have a choice. Just stay out of my way." 

"I'm hardly a greenhorn," I growled. "And you'd better remember who's in charge when we're on the battlefield." 

Saban gave me a look of pure hate. "Like I could forget."

"Ummm, maybe we'd better finish eating," Marian suggested. "You know, so you're not fighting on an empty stomach." 

"That's a good idea," I agreed. "Demon, shut up."

The demon gave me one more icy look. "As you wish, mistress."

"Don't take that tone with me," I snapped. 

"What tone?" His voice was all innocence. 

"Nevermind. Just shut up," I sighed. Sometimes, I hated my life. 

Saban

I stared in disgust down at the line of blood dribbling down Anita's arm. "You've got to be kidding me," I growled. 

Anita looked down at her bleeding arm, perplexed. "Excuse me? Don't you want to feed?" 

"I want to feed like I did last night," I informed her. 

"Out of the question," she snapped. "You get this, or nothing at all. Take it or leave it." 

I'd take it, of course. Magic was magic, after all. But... "Surely you don't honestly prefer to be in pain," I purred. "Remember how good it felt, last night, when I-" 

"Mention last night again, and you will regret it," Anita warned me. 

"What are you so afraid of?" I murmured, kneeling down before her. "You're the mistress. You're in control. And I can make you feel so good..." I began to lift up her robes. 

Then I froze, groaning, as her fist tightened. "I said no," she snarled, taking a step back and straightening her robes. Then she released me, and held out her arm again. "Now, feed." 

I sighed, and fed. After last night's meal, this pain based fare was almost too bland to eat. When I got free, I would feed how I liked from her, I told myself. Pleasure, agony, whatever I chose. And she would scream, and scream, and scream. 

Anita

Greater demons were renowned for their persuasive powers. I knew this. They could twist words until you would swear that up was down and green was red. And they were only ever interested in one thing, themselves. I knew this, too. So why was I considering Saban's words? 

What was I afraid of? Just the unknown, in the end. I was a wizard. We weren't suppose to fear the unknown; we were suppose to conquer it. 

And, in the end, I was in control. I was the mistress. With the proper precautions, I could even let him bring me to orgasm, I thought with a shudder, and he would still be incapable of harming me. And pleasure was oh so much preferable to pain... 

"Anita Kirith!" With a start, I jerked out of my musings. I realized, with embarrassment, that this wasn't the first time the professor has said my name. "Yes, Master Yurial?"

"Now that you have rejoined the world of the waking, could you please recite the 12 types of shield?" Master Yurial said as the rest of the class tittered. "And then go take your place in the circle. I will put up the wards to keep the magic inside the circle, and you will fight Walie. Please try not to kill him. Or fall asleep." 

I recited the requested information, grateful it wasn't about the different grades of fireball, which I could never remember, and then stepped into the circle in the middle of the classroom. Combat practice. Brief periods of excitement interspersed with longer periods of boring. And now it was my turn. 

Walie wasn't on of Trev's lackies, so I could expect him to follow the rules and not "accidently" kill me. Probably. But it would not do to lose, all the same. 

I ordered Saban to stand in front of me, the better to block any sudden spells, or rushes from Walie's demon, who looked like a goat. Master Yurial raised the wards, and blew the whistle. 

As the echoes died away, I began to look for an opening in Walie's defenses, as, presumably, he began to do the same to me. The goat watched Sabam warily, while Saban looked over at me. 

"Are we starting?" he asked. 

I grunted as Walie sent a stream of fire at me to break against my shield, and growled, "Yes!" 

Saban shrugged. "Alright, then." And he rushed the goat. 

Next thing I knew, he had the back legs in one hand, and the front legs in the other, and, with a crack, the thing's spine snapped. I jerked in surprise, almost letting my shields fall. The goat bit at Saban, who avoided it handily, and then tore it in half. He casually tossed the pieces aside, and then reached right through Walie's wards to grab him gently around the neck. The other wizard sputtered. His shields fell. I swiftly sent a sleep spell his way, and he crumpled in Saban's grip. 

"Put him down!" I ordered my familiar. "Gently." 

Saban scowled, but he had no choice. He put Walie on the floor of the classroom. The pieces of the goat demon were trying to squirm back together. Saban kicked one away. The head of the goat squealed. 

He looked at me expectantly. "Done now?" he asked. 

I looked at Master Yurial, who was now a bit white. "Not until he blows the whistle and dismisses the wards."

Master Yurial came back to himself with a start. "Right," he muttered. The whistle blew, and the wards fell. "Good... Good show, Anita. The rest of you take note. The proper use of a demon can make the difference between victory and defeat."

I sat down, wondering at my swift victory. Saban was a powerful demon. That much was obvious. He also took more initiative than a bound demon usually did. Most bound demons, as far as I'd seen, were content to wait for orders, or react as their binding prompted them too. Saban... I suppose he figured, since he was going to fight anyways, he might as well do a good job. Or maybe he was trying to impress me, so that I might consider his... Suggestion. 

I was definitely considering it. The vibration stone I'd spent hours making last night didn't vibrate hard enough to suit me. I wanted, no, needed, to get off. And if giving in would encourage further good behavior in battle, so much the better. 

Saban

I watched the other duels from my usual place behind my mistress. It was a bit boring, in all honesty. What a waste of magic. I tried to pass the time by evaluating the other demons, trying to figure out which I would cull, keep, promote to commanding positions, or breed if they were in my army. None really showed the initiative I looked for in an officer. Few demons ever did. I'd been short a second in command for awhile now because of this. It was irritating. Especially since, without a second to take charge while I was away, my lands and armies would be in quite a state when I got back to the demonrealm. Perhaps I was hoping for too much as far as initiative went. Maybe what I needed, instead of an ambitious second I'd be forever having to watch for signs of mutiny, was a demon who was really good at following orders. 

No. Following orders was all well and good, but even I couldn't think of every eventuality that might occur. I needed a demon who could think, and there were precious few of those. I sighed. Perhaps, if I had another child, it would have the strength of will and intelligence needed to be my second in command. Of course, the problem with that was, eventually the child of a demon lord grew up to become a demon lord. Another rival. I so did not need that. 

As I was musing, the bell rang for the end of class. There was an immediate rush for the door. My mistress was more sedate, taking her time to gather her things, thanking the teacher, and then finally leaving. I followed. 

Now that she was out of the classroom, she hurried, walking swiftly towards, not the library, as I had expected, but towards the part of the castle where the wizards had their rooms. I could feel her arousal and expectation through the bond. I smiled. Looked like she was giving in to both her desires, and my own. 

We entered her room, and she ordered me to close and lock the door. I obeyed, eager to get this started. However, when I turned from locking the door, I found her holding the cuffs and leg restraints she used to chain me up in the cage while she slept. 

I frowned. "Is that really necessary?" 

Anita ignored me. "Turn around," she ordered, "And put your hands behind your back."

I fought the command. "This is not needed."

We stood there for a moment, locked in mental combat. I found myself turning, and growled. 

"Turn around," she ordered again. "Now." 

I turned, fighting all the way, and, snarling, presented my hands to be bound. She cuffed me, and then bent to chain my legs. "Now, kneel," Anita ordered. I knelt. She swiftly shucked her robes, and stood in front of me. I buried my nose in her bush with a sigh, and began to lick. 

She slapped me away. "Wait for the order!" 

Eyes narrowed, I waited. She stared at me for a moment, and then spread her pussy lips, revealing the moist, pink bits. "Now you may pleasure me." 

With my hands bound, my tongue was the only tool I had. Bound by magic, my shape shifting abilities were limited, but I used what I had to lengthen my tongue, and increase its strength. Anita shuddered as my tongue slid over her clit, and then shuddered again as it forced its way past the pussy entrance into her. In and out it moved, flicking over her clit, and curving to rub the inside of her pussy in a way I somehow knew would make her go wild. The taste was incredible, and the power I drew as I pleasured her made me shudder in delight. 

"Slow down," she ordered. "Don't take too much too quickly." 

I rebelled against her command, but the power I drew still slowed to a trickle. The taste taunted me. I wanted more. If I could make her lose her concentration on the command... 

My tongue moved faster and faster. I made it bumpier, the better to stimulated her, and then flicked briefly out of her pussy to lick along her taint. She gasped. Her concentration wavered, and the flow briefly increased. And, somehow, it tasted even better than before. 

My tongue was not enough. I struggled to break free of my restraints, to get my fingers into play. The runes on them flared. "Keep doing that," Anita murmured, looking down at me, "And this stops now." 

I ceased my struggle, and focused my efforts on pleasuring my mistress. She shuddered, and moaned. The flavor of her magic changed slightly. She was close. Close to what, I wasn't sure, but she was close. 

Her pleasure briefly plateaued, and then... 

If her power had tasted good before... Now it was incredible. And, as her command to me faded from her mind, I was able to pull more and more of the power into me. It raced through me like an electric shock. I moaned, eyes closing, as I fed deeply. She was shuddering, crying out, and gushing with liquid. She was cumming, I realized suddenly, connecting the word with the action. That impossible taste was her pleasure as she came. 

Anita stepped away and leaned against the wall, panting and grinning. I tried to sidle closer, so I could lick her pussy some more. She raised her hand in warning, partially clenching it. 

"Don't. Enough." I reluctantly stopped. She didn't seem to mind, however, that my hand was on her foot, allowing me to feed on her post coital contentment. Although not as overwhelmingly delicious as her orgasm, it was still very tasty in its own unique way. 

When I finally broke free of the binding, I would definitely keep her alive, if at all possible. Keep her, and pleasure her daily in order to feed. It would be tricky to prevent her from taking command of me again, but worth it if I could feed like this as often as I wished. I would see how far I could push her into orgasmic bliss, or how long I could keep her from it before she finally came, and I would drive her insane with lustful pleasure. And she would be mine. All mine. I smiled, content, for the moment, just to feed, and watch her breathe. 

Anita

I ran a hand through my hair, panting. My other hand rested lightly on my pussy, idly rubbing my now overly sensitive clit. I wondered how quickly the demon could bring me to orgasm again, now that I was tender with lust following the previous one. Probably very quickly indeed. Saban seemed to know his way around a pussy. Funny, that. I doubted he had had any real experience. Perhaps he had picked up a few tricks in the information download when he was summoned. Or, well, demons tended to have an instinct for torture. Perhaps this was instinctive as well. 

And if I allowed him the use of his fingers... I shuddered, both aroused by the idea of additional stimulation, and dreading what he might do while I was too busy cumming to control him. 

No, it would be best not to allow Saban to make me cum again so soon. My magic was already dangerously low. He had fed heavily while I came. I kicked his hand off my foot, preventing him from feeding further. He growled, but did not attempt to place it back on. Good. He was learning. 

I rubbed my pussy one last time, and then removed my hand. "Get in the cage," I ordered, and, for once, he obeyed without any protest, even throwing in a polite, "Yes, mistress," as he went. Probably on his best behavior to assure that I fed him this way all the time. 

I gagged Saban, again without any protests from him, and locked the cage door. I needed a nap. And then I needed to go down to the village and buy some travel supplies for the trip to the capital. We would leave tomorrow. Hopefully the trip there would only take two days, and the stay would be over quickly. It made me nervous, leaving the cage behind, and only using the chains. But the cage was redundant, after all.The chains were all that was needed. Hopefully.