 All characters in this story are both fictional, and over the age of 18. All characters are used with permission, or completely made up by the author. Takes place in the Warcraft universe. This is the second part of a series, so you might want to look back to the start for more on the characters. I had intended this to be out sooner, but had some block when it came to pacing and the next turns of the story. It ended up somewhere I didn't expect. Hope you enjoy!

---------------------------------------------------------

Sweat burned in her eyes as Beverly struggled to roll literally, the last hurdle from the practice yard, into the storage shed on the courts south end. The midday sun was relentless, and the added workout of clearing all the heavy workout equipment from the combat practice yard at the end of the hour long session had her skin soaked, her hair plastered to her forehead, and her young limbs burning with post workout fatigue. 

With a sadly less that ferocious grunt, she finished pushing the hurdle inside the shed and slammed the door. Grumbling about pint sized tyrants and heavy wooden workout gear, Beverly wearily tugged across the yard. Her sordid thoughts on the events that had lead her to this current occupation. 

Last week she had finally wheedled her friend, Dinah Coppersmith, into helping her sneak into the basement of the barracks. She had been convinced there was some incredible secret in those rooms, and she had (for once ) been right. Beverly's face burned from more that just workout exertion now as she remembered the woman she had found, locked await in a secret room. Her breath picking up at the memory of the Prisoner's nearly naked body, bound and teased continually with vibrators until she climaxed, presumably multiple times, for the amusement of the Garrison's Commander. Beverly's abrupt flight from the room, (after some fevered masturbation she was not proud of) had alerted her superiors to her visit to the basement, landing her with extra duties.

Beverly had decided against telling anyone what she had seen, since it was likely, that with out proof her comrades would not believe her. It also seemed likely that her superiors might already know about and condone the affair. So alerting them might actually get her into more trouble. It might even earn her a place in the cellar. That thought made her blush and get lost in naive fantasy.

Her head swam with images of restraints and the phantom figure of the garrison's commander laughing as he tormented her. She reached down and picked up the bucket that hung by a rope near the top of the well. Not really thinking about what she was doing as she moved now. Beverly was still hot enough from her workout and distracted enough by hormones, that she absentmindedly upended the bucket of water over her own head. The cool of it making her shriek and dance around in place for a moment of initial shock, though shock was replaced by refreshment as her outfit was soaked, and the worst of the sweat washed away from her prickly feeling skin. Her body somewhat revived, her mind focused on her resolve to free trapped prisoner of lust, and absolve her own guilt in finding pleasure in the woman's torment.

She stretched then, unaware of the clatter of armor as a few of the sentries on patrol suddenly lost focus on their paths, and watched as the pretty, perky figured 19 year old unwittingly put on a stupendous show. Her clothes now clinging to her curves as she moved, and her work out shirt rendered near transparent. Beverly had also elected to go bra less thus treating anyone nearby to the sight of her cold hardened nipples, and the dark blotches of her areola's under her shirt. 

Beverly gnawed absently on her thumbnail as she walked back to the barracks. To focused on her new plan to once more enter the cellar to notice the looks and comments that were leveled her way. She stopped a bit suddenly as a massive Mastiff bounded across her path, and she focused on the animal in a moment of panic. Her eyes wide and her mouth slightly open in shock, until she noted the animal stopped a few feet away, and deposited a brightly colored ball at the feet of an impossibly tall woman. 

Roonris was initially focused on the dog she had been playing fetch with, only noting the still dripping figure as she straightened from retrieving the ball. Her gaze swept over Beverly and fell into the familiar expression of amused disapproval she seemed to wear constantly around the girl. She crossed her arms and quirked an eyebrow as she idly pointed towards Beverly's torso.

"I though Sparkfuze had told you no weapons around the garrison...you could cut glass with those things."

"Oh my....oh....noooo!" Beverly wailed as she suddenly realized her near nudity, and belatedly covered her bosom with her arms. "No everyone has...Oohhhhh...." The young woman whimpered and appeared totally crestfallen by her condition, and the few groans of disappointment that reached her now that her shapely breasts were once more hidden.

Roonris couldn't help but laugh, Beverly was a bit scatter brained, and had some odd ideas, but she had endeared herself to the Elven woman. Roonris put an arm around the deflated girl's shoulders, leading her back to the quarters. A grin still on her lips as she spoke to Beverly, though her manner was like that of an elder sibling than a friend, or co-worker.

"You have been moping around the place since last week, I know you like to keep people around her happy, but maybe a topless show wasn't the best option to turn things around?" The tall woman teased, though she had already decided to help pick up Beverly's spirits and help her with her silly basement obsession. "Tell you what, if it will keep you from stripping in the street, I will help you with that basement plan you had. Though I will only get you inside, I still don't really believe you found anything other than a daydream down there."

Roonris was treated to the always pleasant sight of a teenager dropping a tragic mood, in favor of an excited smile, and energy galvanized posture. Beverly nearly beamed and though she kept her arms crossed over her chest, she hopped slightly in excitement.

"Really? You are going to help?" Beverly vaulted from her scandalized embarrassment, to enthusiasm in a heartbeat. Roonris was a friend, but was pretty unpredictable when it came to behavior. At least where Beverly was concerned. "I have the stuff I am going to need all packed and ready! The only thing I hadn't figured out was how to get back inside! Thank you Thank you Thank you!" The last came out as a torrent as the girl impulsively hugged the Elf, receiving an awkward hug in return.

"It is really no problem, I sneak into boring supply rooms all the time...it is easy." The elf snickered and gave Beverly a light swat on her backside to shoo her off into the barracks. "I will see you tonight after the second watch ok? Try no to wear orange or mope the whole time, it really alerts people to your movents." The elf teased again as she strode off, once more taking the ball from the mouth of the now ecstatic mastiff.

Roonris's back was turned so she didn't see that Beverly had frozen in place at the door to the common room. Her mind a whirl of thoughts, and mistake assumptions. 

"The shirt thing was an accident...but it totally changed Roonris's mind!" Beverly's cheeks flamed at the idea, her imagination having lost contact with the shores of reality long ago. "I finally got her charmed! Now I can get her help with anything! Wait....what if she tries to make out with me tonight!" Beverly's expression became chagrined at that, she remembered how Roonris had swatted her bottom, clearly an attempt by the lesbian elf to reciprocate the seduction attempts. All this shot through the girl's mind as the elf returned to her game of fetch in the yard, totally unaware of Beverly's misplaced suspicions. 

Her thoughts still a muddle of imagined danger mixed with success, Beverly walked into the main room of the barracks, noting that the place was empty as she went. The combination of good weather and stuffy stone construction convincing even the laziest troopers to find better places to lounge in their off hours. 

Beverly stripped off her soaking clothes, tossing them into the sack under her bunk her dirty things went into before wash day, and pulled a small towel from her footlocker. Using it to vigorously rug herself dry, starting from her feet to her head. She was so caught up in toweling out her short hair that she didn't see or hear the trio that entered the room from the other side. Coming down the stairs from the upper floor where the officers were quartered. 

It wasn't until she heard a voice speaking, in a disturbing proximity that she gasped and spun. Her hands still up towel still working through her tousled bangs, her body totally exposed to the speaker and his companions. Two of which she recognized, (and agonized) about immediately. 

"I was just expecting the normal weekly inspection tour Sergeant, you didn't have to arrange a show on my behalf!" Came the amused though somewhat dry comment. 

Sergeant Sparkfuze stood in the center, his expression one that could be best described as paternal frustration. One hand on his forehead before it swept back allot the crown of his head in a gesture she knew well. Though undoubtedly he had the best view of her due to his position and stature. 

The man standing to his right, the one whom had spoken, was tall and clad in the shining armor that fit his position. She needed no prompting to recognize the garrison's commander. His was dark hair, cut short and combed back from his face. His features tan from hours spent outdoors. His build on the heavy side of athletic, due to the weight of the armor, and sword that he wore. His grey eyes fixed with an amused, partially admiring gaze on the exposed young woman as he spoke again.

"I mean you chose well, she is quite the pretty little thing. Though this sort of show isn't to appropriate for this time of day. I find Voyeuristic teasing is better after dinner." He drawled, a half smile on his face as he watched the flustered girl.

"Ab-hweble!" Beverly helpfully squeaked as she pulled the small towel in front of her, covering her bare bosom, with just enough length left to barely obscure her crotch. Her face flaming once more, and her voice refusing to respond with anything but half words and sounds. "Oh Light! Not just Sparkfuze, but the Commander! They saw everything!" Flashed through her mind, though her thoughts stilled in shock when she noticed the third member of the trio. 

The woman had fallen slightly behind the two men, her hand to her mouth as she tried to keep her laughter at the situation stifled. She was clad as if in reflection to the Commander, a slender figure obscured by dark armor plates. Her black steel clad hand pressed to her lips as her shoulders shook with mirth. As impressive a figure as she cut, clad in that fashion, it was her flaming red hair, and her pale, almost grey hued skin that gave Beverly such pause.

A thousand pulsing thoughts streamed through her mind then. As recognition struck her like a lightning bolt. It was all she could do to keep her hands, and the towel up as she stared at the woman. Her expression one of disbelief, and shame as she recognized the prisoner from the hidden basement cell. But the woman was free, armed and armored, and now chatting with the Commander as if they were long time friends. Confusion swept Beverly and it took a hearty poke to her flank from the Sergeant to bring her back into focus.

"Merchant! Answer the Commander when he addresses you. No! Please do not salute!" The short man raised his hands to stop the young woman as she immediately fell back onto the manners drilled into her in basic training, keeping her arms where they were, holding the towel to cover her nudity. That annoyed paternal expression once more creasing his lips and brow.

"I think the poor dear is in shock Sergeant. You don't need to be so brisk with her." The mystery woman now spoke, crossing to stand in front of Beverly, and pulling a blanket from the bunk, drawing it over the girl's shoulders. "Lets get you covered up so the boys can talk without trying to get another glimpse of teenage tits and ass, Hmmm?" Her voice was low, and rich, and still shook with amusement at Beverly's plight. Though her gesture was welcome, even though it made the girl nervious, as it put the woman in close proximity, and physical contact with the naked girl, her arm now holding the blanket around Beverly's shoulders as they resumed the conversation.

"Yes...probably for the best Lexi." Agreed the Commander as he once more addressed Beverly. "Sparkfuze tells me you are the famous Pvt. Merchant, scourge of the well ordered, and barracks room exhibitionist. I doubted the later until just now....not that I mind Private, though this may not be the best venue for you. To many men, to far from their wives."

The man chuckled then, and fixed her with a steady gaze. Making sure she was listening now, though it was clear that Lexi's proximity had her flustered for some reason. As it was, though she was now a part of the discussion, Beverly's mind was still flying a mile a minute. The casual drape of Lexi's arm across her shoulders, making her painfully aware of how she had first seen the woman, naked and chained in the basement. Locked in the throes of passion to remorseless devices. She hated to admit it, but the combination of her nudity, the memories and the frank, knowing, and steady gaze of the Commander had her more than a little aroused.

"You did get that didn't you, Miss Merchant?" Lexi now whispered into her ear. " I know that Duke hates to repeat himself." 

"What? N-no I didn't get that Sirs, Ma'am! P-please repeat it for me....." Beverly's voice grew fainter as she spoke, another panic about to set in, when it was stalled by Commander Duke's laughter.

"There is no need to be so mean to the child Lexi. That is the Sergeants job." He reached up and patted Beverly's shoulder to calm her as he resumed speaking. "You have a bit of a reputation Private. Report to my office this evening after chow, I think we need to have a frank and open discussion of things. Get you back onto the right track, or at least naked in public less often. Let's go, I still need to see the stables." His last words were directed to the other two as he walked across the room after one last nod to Beverly. 

"I think I will split off here Duke, I need to get on the road soon if you recall." The red haired woman stopped the Commander for a moment, kissing his cheek with a quick embrace, before he nodded and vanished. The agitated Gnome in tow. "Now....Miss Merchant. From what I gather you were the person I heard in my...vacation room the other day." Lexi spoke directly as she smiled and focused on the now quivering girl.

"y-Yes. I didn't see anything though! I mean I saw everything, but it wasn-" Lexi silenced the girl with a knotted brow and a frown. Her own deep blue eyes intent and seeming to look right through the girl. 

"No lies girl. I know what you saw, and if what Duke said is true, how you reacted. Let me just say, that with this little incident I consider us even." She moved next to Beverly as she spoke in a lower voice now. "Mostly because after seeing your bare little butt, I suspect I will have company down there in the future." She laughed again at the chagrined expression on Beverly's face as the meaning of the comment struck her.

"Duke and I are old friends, we share a hobby you see. I can guess what you are thinking, so I will tell you. You have no need to be sexually intimidated by me....I am not into girls. You did get Dukes attention though. So I would expect your little meeting tonight to be an eye opener... I suggest you leave your panties here when you go." With another laugh and a sightly salacious pat on the girl's cheek she turned to leave.

"Oh...and you need to learn some restraint. If flashing people turns you on so much, better not do it." She shook her head and waved a hand in front of her face before she slipped out the door with a last retort. "We could smell your pussy soaking itself during our chat...better take care of that before someone comes in." She disappeared into the sunlight outside then. 

Beverly was motionless in the room for a few moments as she digested the events. Torn between stark terror and shameful excitement at the prospect of her meeting later that night. She then flopped onto her bunk, her hand sliding down her body then, and finding that Lexi had spoken true ly.

Her fingers were soaked the second they reached her pubic mound. Her body hot and her sex almost dripping with need. Her back arched and her hips rose as her thumb brushed her little clit. Making her moan aloud and her cheeks redden once more. The three of them catching her naked then making light of it had her aching for release. With quick circular motions of her fingers she ground into her sodden slit. Rubbing her labia with abandon, her thumb pressing to her clit as two of her fingers dove into her entrance. She closed her eyes and bit her lip then as she savagely finger fucked herself. Her body curling up as she fingered her slit and rubbed the hard little peaks of her healthy B- cup breast. 

She curled her fingers as she slid them in and out of herself. Her mind flashing from the masculine figure of Duke, his steady voice and grey stare, and the memories of Lexi in her own moments of passion below. She rolled to her stomach, and bit her pillow then. Her cute little ass in the air as she plunged fingers in and out of her now messy, juice drooling slit. Creating a wet spot on the sheets beneath her, and making herself breathless with need and pleasure combined until finally she reached her peak. 

Imagined sensations of the Commanders hands caressing her body as Lexi watched and laughed filling her guilty imagination as her body shook and she screamed into her pillow. Her hips rocking as she sawed her fingers into her pussy though the intense orgasm. Finally the aftershocks subsided, and she collapsed on her mattress, blanket still around her slender body as she blacked out. 

---------------------------