 Fight or die.

Those were her options.

Fight or die.

Valeria kept her eyes glumly on her feet as the guards walked with her to the black gate. Her pretty red dress had been replaced with a simple white shirt and brown leather pants. There had been no time to tie her raven-black hair into its usual braid and instead it fell down her back like a waterfall of silk.

It was without the red ribbons that signified that her body was for sale, but there was little point to those anymore. Her body was meant for something else now.

The guards offered her sad smiles as they led her into a small shack, not far from the black gate and the people gathering in front of it. Valeria walked in, desperately trying not to cry and the door closed behind her with a click that sounded all too final.

The room was bare, aside from a table with a few items piled on top of it.

Leather armour, consisting of a chest piece, some greaves, bracers and what appeared to be an armoured skirt had been readied for her. It was well-crafted, but Valeria had seen heroes walk out of here with far nicer equipment.

'No need to waste steel on the hooker who's just going to die, huh?' She thought as she disdainfully threw the armour back on to the table. A sheathed longsword lay next to it and when the raven-haired girl drew it, it slid out easily with the rasp of steel on steel.

At least they'd put some effort into that.

Resigned, Valeria began to put her armour on, but before she got very far the door opened and closed behind her very quickly.

Surprised, she spun around and gaped at who had rushed in. "Jane."

Tall, curvy and with soft features, Jane was the very picture of classical beauty and elegance. The blue dress she wore clung enticingly to her curves and the expensive necklace with her family's coat of arms glittered even in the little light the shack got. Her one act of rebellion, her short blonde hair, was mussed and her cheeks were flushed.

All the same, Jane was gorgeous. Or at least she would have been, had she not looked so utterly distraught.

"Val." She whispered, thick tears running down her cheeks as she took a few hesitant steps closer. "I..." The words stuck in her throat and, after a moment of indecision, she rushed forward and buried her face in the crook of the taller girl's neck. Loudly sobbing, she clung to Valeria as if she would crumble in her hands.

"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." Jane sobbed. "It's my fault. It's all my fault."

"Hey, hey, hey." Valeria wrapped her arms around the sobbing noble, her voice shaky as she tried to be strong. "Love, none of this is your fault. I promise I don't blame you." Her silver eyes slowly drifted shut as she basked in the warmth of Jane's body against her own.

They had been like this before. A lot. As time went by, there was always this feeling that they were just shy of the embrace becoming something more. Something they both craved. Even now, it started a small fire low in Valeria's belly.

Even when she was about to die, she could breathe in Jane's scent and wonder what it would be like to kiss and taste and touch.

Reluctantly, Valeria pulled back when her friend trembled and shook her head. "But I knew people were suspicious." She whimpered, only moving closer to Valeria. "I knew but I was so happy and I thought it wouldn't matter even though I know how Mathias can get and-" She trailed off with a sound that was a cross between a sigh and a whimper. "I was...I'm so in-"

Two slender fingers on her lips stopped the noble from rambling and big, watery blue eyes opened to look at Valeria.

The taller girl had rested their foreheads together and her face was twisted in a way as if she'd been physically hurt. "Please don't." Valeria pleaded. "I'm just barely holding it together and...and if you say that and I can't...Jane, I can't do anything. I have to go."

When Jane's brother Mathias had bought her months ago, Valeria had never expected feelings to become an issue. He was just another client and she was only happy that a noble with deep pockets wanted to keep fucking her.

Of course, the more he bought her, the more time she spent at his family's mansion. The more time she spent there, the more time she spent with his gorgeous sister.

Men had never really been her thing. An inconvenience that came with the job, really. They didn't appeal to her as women did. Of course, with that being outlawed, it was sort of a moot point. It only came up whenever Valeria was bought by a blushing girl who wanted to find out if she enjoyed the touch of another woman more than a man.

That was always the same song and dance. They would praise her tongue and her fingers and beg to be fucked and fucked until their repressed lust ran out. And of course when the red fog faded, they burst into tears and lamented that they couldn't be gay.

Valeria couldn't judge, really. She'd spent about a week panicking and throwing up when she first realized.

And then she had to go and fall in love with a gorgeous noble. Yeah, fate just loved Valeria.

Jane was just...Jane was everything. Sweet, kind, funny. Their friendship had formed quickly, but it wasn't enough. A drunken kiss was what set them on the slow, slow path to something more. After all, Jane absolutely could not afford to be kissing another woman and Valeria couldn't just stop selling herself to Mathias if for no other reason than the fact that she wouldn't have an excuse to see Jane anymore.

Of course, Mathias was a jealous little bastard. He didn't like sharing his toys. Just once he'd found his sister and his whore acting a bit too close and suddenly they found a golden ring with the family seal on Valeria when she tried to leave.

The dark-haired girl quickly realized that she could keep saying that she didn't take it until she was blue in the face. Nobody was going to believe her over Mathias.

So she had a choice. Be executed for stealing from a noble, or volunteer to be the realm's hero.

Long ago, the black gate had been a source of monsters and demons who spread their corruption like a disease. Then, the king struck a deal with some sort of all-powerful creature on the other side of the gate. As long as they provided a hero every five years who would step through the gate and act as the all-powerful creature's warrior against these foul creatures, no more would come through the gate.

The heroes that came before were rarely heard from again. Only two had returned, to Valeria's knowledge, and neither remembered anything.

Still, it had to be a marginally better fate than just getting your head chopped off for a crime you didn't commit. At least this way, nobody got to see Valeria die.

Jane watched the dark-haired hero struggle and smiled at her, slowly moving her fingers away. "I'm going to kiss you now." She whispered, leaving Valeria no choice in the matter as she leaned in.

Valeria couldn't deny herself this. Jane's lips were soft and gentle and they kissed with a reverence the young prostitute had never experienced before.

She whined in protest when the shorter girl pulled back and her eyes fluttered open to find Jane looking a little dazed.

"Oh." Jane muttered, as if coming to some stunning realization. "I...I hadn't realized how much I wanted that."

The two looked at each other in silence for a moment and then there was a shift in the air and it was like the thin thread keeping the apart snapped. They clashed in a furious kiss, mouths open and tongues tangling as Valeria walked her shorter loved back until she could pin her against the wall.

The dark-haired girl cooed when her lover's hands slid boldly under her shirt and she guided them up until they were palming her sizeable breasts over the bindings. Jane whimpered into Valeria's mouth, stoking the fire that was spreading through the hero's body. How she had longed to hear those sounds.

What did it matter if anyone could walk in? Valeria was going to vanish soon enough and all she wanted before then was to leave with Jane's taste on her tongue.

The blonde noble pulled back with a nip to the taller girl's bottom lip and whispered to her. "Take me. Please take me." Kissing her jawline, she began to hoist up her dress. "I've wanted it for so long, Valeria. I've dreamt of it. Please."

How was she supposed to deny her that?

With a hungry growl, Valeria began to kiss and nip her way down Jane's neck.

The dress was too heavy and complicated too really get Jane out of it right then and there, so placed light kisses on her belly through the soft material as she moved lower and lower until Valeria was on her knees in front of the pretty girl.

She'd never hated the other girl's perfume as much as she did in that moment. She didn't want to smell jasmine and orange. She wanted to smell the evidence of Jane's lust. She wanted to reach underneath that dress and find her soaked.

She wanted to smell and touch and taste so it was forever burned into her mind when she stepped through that gate.

Of course, that's when the door opened.

They both froze and Valeria let out a groan and let her forehead drop to Jane's stomach. "Once, just once." She whined. "I swear the gods hate me."

Jane smiled weakly down at her almost-lover and buried her fingers in her dark hair. The way they combed through it as she turned to address whoever had just walked in did little to soothe the lust still simmering just under Valeria's skin and urging her to ignore everything else and just dive under Jane's dress.

"Sister." Jane sighed, resigned. "Can't you give us a bit longer?"

"I bet you'd like that." A lower, huskier voice answered. "But father's almost here. I assume you'll need time to...prepare for what's going to happen."

Valeria grumbled softly under her breath when Jane guided her to her feet and turned to face the girl's sister. Maria, the eldest of the Blackwater family, shared some of Jane's lovely features like her perfect curves and a pretty face. It was a shame it was seemingly always stuck in a sneer whenever she looked at Valeria.

The dark-haired prostitute had figured Maria was just stuck up at first, but then she really looked at her and she recognized the glow in those brown eyes.

Jealousy wasn't hard to spot, after all.

She'd been a little mad at first, but the more she thought about it, the worse she felt for the older girl. Valeria could never openly love a woman, that much was a given.

Maria couldn't either and not only would she be expected to marry for her family, the girl she clearly loved was her own sister. Valeria couldn't deny that, when she'd been particularly drunk and lonely, the thought of the two sisters intertwined had been one of her favourite fantasies.

Valeria was pulled from her musings when Jane squeezed her hand. "I have to go." She kissed her again softly and cupped her cheek. "I won't say it." She breathed, staring into Valeria's silver eyes. "But that doesn't mean it's not true."

Valeria leaned into the touch, a single tear rolling down her cheek. "I won't say it either."

With a shuddering sigh, Jane took her hand back and stalked towards the door. She hesitated a moment on the doorstep, but didn't look back and walked out with a practiced air of indifference. Maria made to follow her, but Valeria called out to her.

"Maria?" She began, still looking at the spot Jane had occupied just moments before. "Don't let her be alone. I know it goes against...a lot of things, but I'm begging you."

There was a long, tense silence before Maria spoke. "I don't know what you mean." Her voice was tight and clipped.

"At least have the decency not to bullshit me right now!" The dark-haired hero snapped, her hands curling into fists. "I'm not blind! I know she's your sister, but I know what you want and I know...I know Jane needs someone. If...I...It can't be me, so..." Her heart clenched painfully with every word. They felt like lead on her tongue.

There was another silence, but this one was soon broken by the sound of footsteps. Expecting a slap, Valeria tensed. When a hand landed on her shoulder she jumped, but that surprise was nothing compared to what happened when she was turned around.

Maria kissed surprisingly gently. Considering her somewhat bitchy nature, Valeria had expected her to be the sort of girl who kissed hungrily and aggressively. The noble was used to getting what she wanted, after all.

But no, Maria moved her soft lips gently and calmly. As if the dark-haired hero was something breakable. As if she was important. As the kiss grew deeper, she let Valeria take the lead with no protest.

When she pulled back, Valeria stammered in confusion.

Maria only laughed wryly. "One day, I'll kiss my little sister. I'll kiss her like we share no blood." She said, firm and determined as she looked at the baffled girl. "When I do, I'll kiss her as myself. I'll kiss her my way."

For just a moment, Maria looked down. For just a moment she looked vulnerable. "I can never be you. I don't want to be. I just...had to know what it was like. Why she chose you."

What do you even say to something like that?

Whatever it was, Valeria never got the chance as she was pulled into another kiss.

This one was shorter, but also closer to what she had expected from Maria. It was hot and hungry and just when their tongues started to tangle and Valeria once more took the lead, the older girl pulled away and stalked out of the shack without another word.

Valeria was left to stare, utterly lost.

This was not how she had expected her last few minutes in this realm to be, to put it mildly.

Sadly, or maybe thankfully, there was little time to ponder it. She barely had time to put her armour on and grab the massive backpack she had been provided with before the guards came to tell her that the gate had been opened.

The short walk there was made in respectful silence, both from her guards and the crowd that had gathered. Near the front, she spotted a few of the girls working the streets and that one female guard who always looked out for them. They waved tearfully at her.

Near the gate stood the Blackwater family, the two sisters both wearing practiced looks of haughty indifference so fitting for nobles. Their father barely seemed more interested, but Mathias was outright pleased.

She grit her teeth and resolved not to look at him anymore as she approached the massive gate, carved entirely of black stone. Cathartic as fantasies of drawing her blade and rushing the git were, there was no way she'd reach him without getting pounced on by half the city guard.

There was nobody to speak for her, once she reached the gate.

No family, as she hadn't had any for most of her life now. No friends who would actually be allowed to come forward.

One of the elders eyed her sadly and briefly spoke of the history of the heroes and how she would undoubtedly meet them when she passed through the gate and into the temple of their protector.

Valeria barely listened, eyes locked on the gate. The massive outline of pitch-black stone was intimidating enough, but it was downright comforting compared to what it held. The air between the stone pillars shimmered and shifted like water, distorting the image of Valeria and the people behind her. It was like someone had liquefied a mirror.

Once the elder was done speaking, Valeria swallowed dryly. She felt like she was going to be sick. Trying not to show her fear, she stepped forward and through her own reflection.

For a moment, everything was dark. Then, suddenly, her vision returned just as she tripped on something and fell to her knees.

The ground below her was black and loose, almost like ash. She looked up and found herself in a mountainous area which seemed to stretch for miles. The sky overhead was a dark crimson and she spotted three moons in the sky.

The air felt thick and smelled of something sweet Valeria couldn't identify. She had no idea where she was, but it sure as hell wasn't a temple. 'Then again, what does anyone actually know about what lies beyond the gate.' She thought.

"Ah, good." A smooth, seductive voice purred at her back. "So that finally worked, then."

With an undignified yelp, Valeria spun around and felt her jaw drop when she saw what had to be the most beautiful woman she had ever seen, chained up in the cave behind her.

Her skin was bright red and her hair raven-black like Valeria's, only with blue tips and it was easily long enough to reach her hips. Bright orange eyes shone with amusement as they trailed over the young hero's body. Her lips were and nails were dyed black and four horns, two thick and two slender, grew from her temples and curved back along her skull before they tapered on in a sharp point.

Even slumped in her bonds as she was, it was clear the woman's curves were perfect as she was gifted with very large tits with black nipples and aureole and an ass shaped by the gods themselves. Speaking of that ass, she also appeared to have a spade-tipped tail, curled around her right thigh. A pair of large, leathery wings were folded awkwardly on her back.

Most notably, though, was that she had a cock. A big, thick cock that would've put most of Valeria's clients to shame. The sight of the appendage sent a powerful bolt of lust through her, though the dark-haired hero wasn't entirely ready to admit that. 'God, she's not even hard and already...' ­She chose not finish that thought but couldn't quite stop herself from licking her suddenly dry lips.

"Well then." The creature purred in a voice that absolutely oozed sex. "I wonder if all the poor sods she drags here are so beautiful." The creature winked and rattled the chains binding her. "Help a girl out, sweetheart? I promise I can make it worth your while."