 "What the hell are you?" Valeria asked, backing away from the chained-up creature. 

"Has it been so long since one of us graced your realm?" The creature asked, tilting her head as she smiled at Valeria. "I'm a succubus, darling. My name's Flaire." 

'Great. Two steps beyond the gate and already chatting with a demon.' The dark-haired girl thought, nervously eyeing the restrained succubus. At least she couldn't pounce and suck out her soul or anything. Speaking of which..."Oh, I thought all succubi were...I mean...you know..." She gestured at the impressive penis hanging between Flaire's legs. 

"Women?" The succubus guessed with a toothy grin. "At our very core, sure. However, we're creatures of lust, darling." She leaned forwards as much as her chains would let her and looked at the flustered rookie hero a pair of frighteningly effective bedroom eyes. "We can be anything. Whatever you want, darling. Any desire you have, we can sate it. We exists to dive deep into your mind and find what will make you cum and cum and cum." 

Valeria swallowed thickly, watching the gorgeous demon writhe and moan in her chains. 'She's not human, she's not human, she's not hum-Dammit!' Despite her mantra, she couldn't take her eyes off of Flaire and a familiar warmth was gathering between her legs. 

"It's soooo good, darling." Flaire purred, batting her eyelashes. "And all for such a small price." 

Valeria crossed her arms and snorted. "Ah yes, who needs their soul anyway? We have two of those for a reason, right?" She asked, before she snapped her fingers with a comically overblown expression of realization. "Wait, wait, no. That's kidneys. I'm thinking of kidneys." She drawled sarcastically. 

Flaire's grin only grew wider. "Oh, I like you." She laughed. "But honestly, that's a bit racist. We make do with sexual energy, most of the time. Souls are...let's call them a treat." She looked the swordswoman in the eye, something distinctly predatory shining in those orange orbs. "You've no idea how truly beautiful a girl really is until you watch her cum her brains out the very moment you devour her soul." 

A shiver travelled the length of Valeria's spine and god, she wished she could claim it was one of revulsion. It shouldn't have sounded as appealing as it did. With some difficulty, she shook off the mental images that came with the scene the succubus had just described the dark-haired girl glared at the captive demon. 

"You're disgusting." She growled, all too aware of the blush dusting her cheeks. "How can you do that to someone?" 

Finally Flaire's smile dropped as she arched a brow. "If you step on a scorpion, do you blame him for stinging you? If spider catches a fly, do you blame him for poisoning his catch and feasting?" She asked, as if trying to impart a lesson. "It is our nature, darling." 

Without an immediate retort, Valeria just threw up her hands and walked away. "Whatever, I don't even know why I'm talking to you. I wasn't even supposed to wind up here." She walked to the edge of the cliff and looked down, trying to find some way off of this mountain. 

"Ah, that's my fault." Flaire laughed sheepishly. "See, I've been here for 200 years. It took a really long time before I learned to hijack that stupid gate whenever one of you made the trip here." She pointedly rattled her chains. "I could really use a little help here." 

Unable to find anything even resembling a path, the dark-haired hero turned back to the succubus with a groan. "And why should I help you? I'm stranded here now and it's your fault." 

Flaire shrugged and threw her an indulgent smile. "I guess I could keep the way down from you, but that seems mean." She indicated a narrow passage that led up the mountain. "If you go to the top, there's a way down on the other side and a town with people who can help you at the foot of the mountain." 

"...Oh." Valeria muttered, eyebrows rising in surprise. She hadn't been expecting the succubus to helpful. Like, at all. She certainly hadn't been expecting her to give up her best bargaining chip so easily. "Well, thank you." She said, smiling uncertainly before she walked towards the passage. 

"It's a shame, though." Flaire called after her. "You seemed like a sweet girl. I didn't have you pegged as the type to leave someone to die." 

It was an obvious attempt to make Valeria come back and she cursed herself when she actually stopped and turned to look at Flaire again. She did her best to ignore the puppy dog eyes the succubus was giving her, though they were frightfully effective. Otherworldly, soul-sucking demon with a cock most men would kill for or not, she actually looked vulnerable and cute as she pouted at Valeria. 

However, she also looked tired. There were dark bags beneath those orange eyes and her hair seemed matted and listless. Her skin was bruised and chaffed wherever the chains touched and tough she had suspected it was to show off her breasts at first, Valeria wondered if Flaire wasn't slumped forward in her chains for other reasons. 

Hardly a bad state to be in if Flaire had indeed been here for 200 years, but not really the flawless beauty she had always pictured when people talked about succubi either 

'Oh goddammit, are you pitying the fucking demon?' She chastised herself mentally. But she was. She had seen that look before. A lot of the girls who walked the streets wore it on their first day, before they got used to the job. It was the look of someone genuinely at the end of their rope. 

"Ugh." She rolled her eyes and crossed her arms, trying to at least seem immovable. "If you lasted 200 years, you'll last 5 more. Get the next hero to help you." 

Flaire shook her head. "These aren't regular chains, darling. I lost a fight and was dumped here because executing me would send the wrong message." She rattled the chains again. "These fucking things don't just restrict my power, they actually drain my energy. In a few more years, I will die." She spoke with a chilling amount of certainty. 

Valeria glanced between the succubus and the passage a few times and finally let out a heavy sigh. "Fine. You helped me, I'll help you." She was supposed to be a hero, right? And yeah, that came with the whole fighting demons thing, but fighting them and leaving them to a slow death were two very different things. "What do I need to do." 

In what was probably the first genuine expression she'd shown Valeria, Flaire gaped at her in surprise for a moment. She quickly recovered and pointed at two thick, rusty bolts inscribed with runes on either side of the cave that kept the chains pinned to the wall. "I can't touch those, but you can. If you pull them out, the chains lose their power." 

The dark-haired girl walked over to the bolt on the right and hesitantly reached out to touch it. When her hand didn't instantly fall off, she gripped it with both hands and began to pull. Whoever had left Flaire here obviously meant to keep her there forever, because the bolt had been driven deep into the stone and came loose grudgingly at best. 

Eventually it shot free and Valeria nearly fell on her ass as she stumbled back. She looked at the bolt in her hands, shocked she'd actually managed to pull it out, when Flaire moaned loud and long. 

The dark-haired hero's head snapped over to the succubus, fearing that she had caused her pain, but it quickly became apparent that it was quite the opposite. 

Flaire's back was arched as much as the chains would allow and her plump lips were open as she groaned in bliss. Oh, and then there was her cock. 

Valeria stared open-mouthed as Flaire's member began to swell up an grow before her very eyes. Soon enough the succubus' massive erection throbbed and twitched eagerly as precum began to gather at the tip. 

Valeria couldn't bring herself to feel bad about the wetness gathering between her legs. Flaire's cock had been impressive before, but this? God, it was massive. Long and thick and throbbing. It wasn't meant for sex so much as it was for breaking and dominating eager whores. 'Gods...That thing would ruin my pussy.' She thought, a barely audible whine drifting from her lips. 

Not that she was going to fuck the demon. That was a terrible idea. Just...you know...academically speaking, if that thing were to slide inside of her cunt it would never be the same again. 

"Someone likes what they see." 

Valeria jumped when Flaire spoke and her eyes guiltily snapped back to the succubus' face. Of course the bitch was smirking. 

"Valeria, sweetheart, you have no idea how good this feels." She purred. Her chains rattled as the succubus shivered in bliss. "Gods, yes. Don't worry about this bad boy, though." Her cock twitched as if it knew she was talking about it. "The only time he's not like this is when I'm utterly sated." 

Trying very hard not to think about the implications there, Valeria cleared her throat and quickly moved to the other side other cave. She wasn't horny. She wasn't. It was just hot here. That was why her mouth was dry and her cheeks were red. 

God, she hadn't blushed since she sucked her first cock in an alley. 

"I really am grateful, you know." Flaire mumbled, basking in the pleasure of having her power restored. The tail wrapped around her thigh uncoiled and wrapped around Flaire's rock-hard member instead, slowly jerking herself off as she watched Valeria go. "I promise, once I'm free, I'll give you everything you long for." She laughed softly. 

The other bolt had been driven into the stone pretty far too, but it still came loose easier than the first. The reaction was immediate this time too. 

The chains glowed bright red and turned to ash, drifting to the floor of the cave. Meanwhile, Flaire's back arched and her eyes rolled back as she all but screamed out her pleasure. 

Her breasts seemed to swell and her hips widened, while her cock gained another inch as Flaire's entire body began to glow an ominous dark red. Finally, thick streams of white cum burst from the succubus' throbbing member. Flaire truly came like a geyser, her pearly white cum almost plastering the cave's low ceiling before it fell back down and hit the floor with a splat. 

It seemed to go on for minutes, the thick cock pumping out enough thick, virile cum to fill a bucket while clear juices all but poured out of her slit and dripped down her thighs. Soon enough there was an actual puddle of the succubus' seed, quickly taking up more and more space on the floor of the cave. 

A thick, wonderful sent began to spread throughout the cave and Valeria took a deep, eager breath. Musky, yet sweet, it was enticing and yet some deeply buried instinct noted that it was somehow twisted. Something about it was deeply wrong, but the more the young prostitute breathed it in the harder it became to be worried about that. 

'It can't be her cum.' She thought. 'Can't be.' She'd been doused by enough guys to know how the stuff smelled by this point. Demon or not, it couldn't smell like this. Valeria only realized she'd been moving closer like a zombie when her grip on the bolt grew slack and it hit the ground with a clang. 

She was standing at the edge of the puddle, gaping at Flaire as the succubus came down from what had to be the orgasm of a lifetime. And Valeria envied her. The young hero was soaked, her pussy crying out for something to slide deep inside and fill that terrible void. Her breasts were aching for attention too. If she hadn't been wearing her leather armour, they would undoubtedly have been poking through her shirt because they felt hard as diamonds. 

Never in her life had she been this horny. Her entire body felt as if it was being consumed by a terrible heat and it was so, so hard to just think. All she could do was stare at those big, heaving breasts and that glorious, massive cock that still hadn't gotten any softer at all. 'Cock. I want cock.' She thought, licking her lips hungrily. 'I want her cock. I want her to fuck my pussy. I want her cum.' 

The dark-haired girl shook her head, trying to string together a thought that didn't involve riding that massive meat pole until the sun exploded. 'This probably isn't good.' 

Finally, Flaire's eyes drifted open and she grinned when she found Valeria gaping at her. "Free. You freed me." With unnatural grace, she rose to her feet and stretched with a loud groan. As she did her breasts bounced, unnaturally perky despite their size, and her cock twitched and discharged another shot of cum. 

Valeria whimpered and rubbed her thighs together. She had to run. Something was very, very wrong. She had to run. She had to drop to her knees and-no, run! The succubus' eyes locked on her own again, and the dark-haired girl gasped in shock when a third eye opened on Flaire's forehead. 

Unlike the others, this one was arranged vertically with black a black sclera and a golden iris. The pupil was a thin, black slit. 

Valeria began to stumble back, wobbling uncertainly as if drunk. The moment that third eye had opened she felt a strange pressure in her head, as if something was pushing against her mind. 

"Don't be scared." Flaire whispered, a cheshire grin on her face. She followed her prey until the girl had backed herself up against a wall and placed a hand against it next to Valeria's head. 

No matter how much she tried to reason that she could still escape somehow, the young swordswoman felt utterly trapped. 

"I owe you." Flaire whispered, leaning in to rub her nose gently along Valeria's neck. "I should repay you." She purred, breathing in the scent of her skin. "And I can think of sooo many ways to do that, darling." She kissed the young hero's neck and laughed softly when Valeria jumped. "Remember what I said?" 

"Y-you..." Valeria stammered, unconsciously leaning into the touch as the succubus lavished attention on her neck. " You said you'd...give me anything." 

Flaire laughed and nipped the point where Valeria's neck met her shoulder. "Almost, sweet thing. It's close enough, though." She wrapped her arms around the dark-haired girl and pulled her closer until they were pressed together. "In fact, I can think of one thing you want already." 

Flaire muttered something and Valeria's clothes and armour glowed red before they suddenly vanished and reappeared at their feet, leaving the girl naked. "What did you-ah!" Valeria tried to protest, but trailed off with a moan when a wave of sensations hit her at once. 

Her bare body was entirely pressed up against the gorgeous succubus' and Flaire was so warm and her skin so fucking soft. The demoness wiggled pointedly, rubbing their nipples together and the young swordswoman had to cling to Flaire as a burst of pleasure made her week in the knees. 

"See, even with my powers reduced, I could sense your lust, sweety." Flaire purred as she wedged her thigh between Valeria's legs and began to grind it against the girl's sopping slit. "Just a few nudges to your mind and I had a sweet little helper." 

The succubus' tail tickled her prey's side as it slowly moved up until it reached her breasts and began to circle a nipple teasingly. "Why don't you let me in all the way, hm? Let me poke around a bit in that cute little head." Valeria purred, her voice a low drawl of seduction and promise. "Let me see all the ways you want to be rewarded." 

"N-no." Valeria wiggled feebly in Flaire's arms as a deep, primal fear settled in her chest as the pressure in her head mounted. She couldn't give up her mind. Gods only knew what Flaire planned to do with it. Who was to say she'd ever get it back? Unfortunately her captor was absurdly strong and all the wriggling achieved was finding new, better ways to rub Valeria's throbbing clit against the flawless skin of Flaire's thigh. 

"Noooo." She gasped at the pleasure. "My...My mind. Not yours." Most people had to try to get Valeria off. Not Flaire, though. Somehow, the succubus was playing her body like a fiddle. If just grinding could do this to her, the young hero feared what came next. 

"Aw, don't be like that. Don't fight." The succubus whined playfully. She stroked the dark-haired girl's face gently, almost lovingly. The fact that the pressure in Valeria's head still seemed to be mounting showed her true intentions, though. "I'm not even going to take your soul, baby. You helped me after all. In fact, I'll be sweet and I won't even take your essence. Haven't you ever wanted to submit to someone? To be with a woman who knew your every desire and held your pleasure in the palm of her hand?" 

"Yes." The word tumbled from Valeria's lips without her consent. "No, I mean-NO! I'm not...I won't..." She couldn't tell what was making it harder to think, the pleasure frying her senses or the fact that the pressure in her head now bordered on stifling. 

"Oh, honey." Flaire cooed as if she was speaking to a small child. "Don't be difficult. Here, I'll help you relax." 

"Wha-ah!" Valeria felt a sharp pain in her neck and glanced down. Flaire's spade-tipped tail had grown a very thin needle at the tip, which was now buried in the young swordswoman's neck. To her horror, the length of the tail seemed to rhythmically contracting and relaxing, as if pumping into her. 

"Just a little venom." Flaire explained, massaging her prey's breasts. "Just a little aphrodisiac to get you going." She paused for a moment and then chuckled. "Well, that, and a bit of demonic energy to deal with those pesky morals of yours." She moved her thigh away and let one of her hands drop so she could play with her unwilling lover's sopping folds. "You're absorbing that energy pretty well, by the way. Such lust. Such potential." Stroking Valeria's hair as if she was a cherished pet, she let the swordswoman rest her face on her shoulder. 

"Would you like to become a demon?" The succubus asked almost conversationally. "Your body seems to love my energy. I think you'd make a great succubus." 

"Hate you." Valeria slurred. Her entire body was limp and powerless and the world seemed to spin as if she'd been too deep into her cups at the tavern. The venom was quickly overcoming her resistance, fanning the fire burning under her skin to a terrible inferno. It utterly consumed her and left the young swordswoman little more than a bitch in heat, bucking into her captor's touch. "Hate you so much. 'M gonna kill you." 

Flaire laughed softly, a hint of victory in her orange eyes. "They all say that at first." She nipped Valeria's ear and grinned when the dark-haired girl moaned and quivered. "And then they're on their knees, begging to suck my cock because I've shown them greater pleasure than they've ever known and they're addicted to my seed." The succubus made sure to rub her massive cock against her prey's stomach, leaving a smear of precum. "Let me in and I'll show you what I showed them." 

The young hero's body screamed at her to just let it happen. She was so maddeningly close to a climax but those clever fingers kept her perfectly poised on the edge. It wouldn't be so bad if she just came a few times, right? She wasn't actually going to fuck the demon. Just cum until she could think again. 

Only feeling the unrelenting pressure of Flaire's mind pressing against her own kept Valeria from eagerly agreeing. "N-no. Not...Not yours." She murmured, even as she breathed in the demons scent of smoke and sex and something sickly sweet. 

Flaire seemed unbothered. "Hm. Okay, how about now?" With no warning, she plunged two fingers into Valeria's pussy and curled them in a come hither motion. 

The dark-haired girl screamed loud enough to wake the dead as she came. Her back arched and she quivered violently from head to toe as if struck by a fit while she screamed in bliss and her pussy soaked the demoness' hand. Unbelievable pleasure surged through her body, setting her every nerve alight and driving out any thoughts about fighting this. 
