 Nerys woke up only slowly, and it was long before she could separate the dreams from reality. Wherever she was now, it was wet, dark and warm. The tentacles were all still inside her, and no part of her was free of contact with the creature. Her hands and legs, forced away from her body, were fixed by the strong, alien limbs. On her skin they felt like strand-woven flesh, soft, but with an unnerving unlike any humanoid she had ever known.

Her breasts had swollen, how large she didn't dare imagine, and from the feeling of it were now being milked, slowly and surely, by the wet, hungry mouths of her violator.

She was aware that she wasn't breathing, that there was nothing to breathe at all, and also, that this didn't bother her anymore. Whatever oxygen she needed, it was finding its way into her system. Her dreams had been dark and intense, full of hungry, violent sex, and wet, squirming things, forcing themselves inside her, filling her up one by one. Most of it was a dream, and still, all of it had been real.

She felt a rumble in her bloated stomach, forcing an involuntary moan, into the tentacle still filling her throat. Her body shivered as the mass of flesh enveloping her began to move, so much of it still lodged deep inside her, and in a moment, she was pulled to what almost resembled a sitting position.

In front of her, the woven cocoon of her alien kidnapper opened, and revealed the large, purple eye that had locked with hers as it took her for the first time. Through the appendage in her mouth she let out a complaining whimper as it renewed its focus on her, kicking and struggling for a moment. Then, she moaned, and realized her movements had managed only to bring her to the edge of another orgasm.

She moaned, again, and found that her mind was beginning to fray under the overwhelming sensation. The eye took in the sight of her, milked her, pulse inside her, and finally, pushed on the inside of her clit, making her cum again, and shaking her slim frame. The pleasure was overwhelming, unreal, and she found herself beginning to forget why she resisted. Something was changing, in her, and He was doing it.

He was... She looked at His eye, and knew. He was a miracle, and He had chosen her. The last of her resistance broke, once and for all, as she pushed herself down and came, never looking away, arching her back and letting the pleasure, and the pure ecstatic joy, wash over her. The Master had chosen her, this wonderful, ancient being had chosen her - Nerys, the lonely little explorer - to be the mother of His new generation. She cried beautiful tears of joy, and relaxed, accepting the Master's unlimited use of her body.

A part of her mind screamed that this was wrong, and that it was only the hormones, and drugs, speaking - but she was much too far gone to hear it. With her eyes locked to its single, purple pupil she came, again, and again, as the creature continued to take her, again, and again, extending its warm threads deeper into her body than any cock could ever reach.

Her stomach swelled with its cum, and the eggs, and it all continued, for a timeless eternity, before she finally heard its voice in her head.

"You are perfect", He said, in a scuttering voice every bit as alien as His body. It did not seem to speak a familiar language at all, or even any language she'd heard, but still - she understood.

The unexpected speech made her tense, for the first time since she had given in, and a flash of fear ran through her soul. She had thought that the Master was beyond speech.

"Never in my many millennia", He said, with unreadable emotion flashing through the inhuman pupil. "have I loved a Mother, as I love you, already."

Her mind razed with intense, confusing emotion. She loved the Master, she knew that, with all of her heart she knew it. It wasn't natural, she supposed, but it was still true. In the moment she had decided to surrender, His wonder had flowed into her mind, as it had, before that, illuminated the temple of her body.

"It is good that you came, now", said the Master. "I am old, and wounded, and soon, I will be forced back into my regenerative trance. But you are here, now, and things will be different, this time."

Confusion, hurt, and fear ran through her. The Master was sick? He was leaving?

"Yes", the being said, "I am unwell, my love, my chosen, and soon, I must go. But you must not grieve, for the spawn will be with you, and they will know what must be done, to restore me. Together, you and them will return me to my full glory, and then, the long darkness will end."

The tentacles tightened around her in a gesture of comfort, and the eye lowered itself as a soft appendage stroked her chin, sweetly. "You must be patient."

A tear flowed down her cheek. She couldn't speak, with her throat full, but there was no need to. It knew her thoughts, as well as she herself did, and knew she did not want to be alone.

It wiped away her tears. "You will not be alone, Nerys. The spawn will be with you."

Her mind became distant, again, and she turned her attention to the eggs inside her, the three that the Master had lain before she had accepted Him.

"They are the last three", He said, and through the connection of their minds, she sensed His grief. "But they will be enough. Do not worry. You are perfect, Nerys, and with you as their mother, so will be the spawn. Once born, they will need nothing more than a day to reach full maturity, and then, they will have you to guide them. Together, you will make me as I once was, and then, greater yet."

Her tears flowed, as it held her tightly. Its touch was comforting, relaxing, but the pain did not pass fully. She had finally accepted Him, after what seemed an eternity of ignorance, and then rejection - And now, He had to sleep? She remembered the damage to the ship, and groaned in fear around the Master's limb. What had happened?

It was a long while, before He spoke. "There was war. Long ago, there were more of my kind, each of us travelling through the stars, and taking those who would accept us. But there were those who rejected us, not just for themselves, but for everyone, and called us abusers, and tricksters."

A tentacle caressed her side, and she sighed, happily. She never wanted to leave her, really, couldn't imagine life anywhere else, anymore. What would she do, if she wasn't hosting His spawn? What would she be, anymore, if not His?

"In those times, all the ones with us had come willingly, out of curiosity, and none of them had ever left, once they tasted the pleasure of submission. There were many, before, but none of them remain."

The voice faded, for a moment, and concern washed over her, and indignation. They had hurt the Master, and those that belonged to him, so very long ago, and left Him adrift. And now...

"Now", he said, finishing her thought, "I have been long without tending, and without the help of those lovers my kind have always relied on. We, like your species, are not meant to be solitary. I must teach you what I can, before my hibernation takes me... Sleep, now, Nerys, and open your mind."

She did as He said, and drifted away into erotic, wonderful, comforting dreams, of being used, receiving his eggs, and birthing them, in a glorious, infinite cycle.

The warm body of the Master enveloped her, holding her so tight that breathing, had it still been necessary, would have been impossible. She felt Him pulsing, inside and around her, as knowledge flowed into her mind as fast as she could accept it. Memories of war and knowledge of strange, organic technology entered, mixed with wonderful, pleasurable memories of the Master's past mates, spawn and fellows.

The hours bled into an eternity, and when she woke, it was a long and painful process. She felt full, and yet, hollow. She groaned, complaining, needy, and found that things still weren't right. Where was she? She felt her own breath on her face, as she lay on the floor, and with a feeling of panic she understood what had happened.

The Master had pulled out of her. She shifted, reached for Him, and found nothing. Slowly, she forced herself to open her eyes. When she saw what she knew already - that she was now alone - she cried out in her mourning and, cradling her swollen stomach, bitterly wept for the loss of the Master she had only so recently gained. Who knew how long He would sleep?

She forced herself to sit up, and wiped the tears off her face, holding her stomach, and petting it, with a distant, numb look on her face. She had to be strong... For the spawn. Suddenly, she laughed, an insane, intense, bellowing laughter. How long had it been since she had been a lone space explorer, deluding into thinking she wanted independence?

She smiled, and stroked her beautiful, full stomach. Things were different, now... And she had the strength to be patient. The Master would return, and until then, she would have to be brave. It would be difficult, but, as He had said... She wouldn't be alone. Her stomach rumbled, and she groaned, as a warm fluid began to leak down her leg.

Could it be time, so soon? It struck her that she didn't know how long it had been - not that it mattered. Her belly swelled, and she fell backwards with a groan, as her insides began to move. It was definitively time.

She tried to keep her breathing steady, then to move to another position, but found either impossible as the first of her eggs began to drop. It pushed and stretched her pussy from the inside, stretching it further than, by right, any human could, pressing on her clit, her her sex, from the inside... She came, hopelessly, when the egg finally forced itself out with a wet, definitive noise.

She fell to her side, panting, feeling even more stretched and sore than after The Master had first used her, and after a long hesitation, reached down to feel herself. She took a sharp breath of air as her hand touched her sore lips, but when she pulled it back, was happy to find only the Master's fluids on her, with not a hint of blood.

She looked to her glistening egg, and felt the other two inside her, which, it seemed, would stay there for now. Her stomach was still swollen, beyond the regular human ability, much more so than just the eggs should account for - there was no telling how much of His seed would have entered her by now. She smiled, and crawled over, hugging her arms around the egg the hard, wet egg.

Soon, the spawn would be with her, and she wouldn't be alone anymore. Then they could work on restoring The Master.