 Saban

"So, are we good to go?" my mistress asked her friend, Marian. "Did the council give their approval?" 

Marian nodded. "Yep! Did you get the supplies we need for the journey?" 

"Yes. We just need to load them onto the pack horses." Anita looked at me. "You'll do most of the heavy lifting. No complaining." 

"Wouldn't dream of it, mistress," I purred, stroking her hair. She slapped my hand away. 

"Stop that," she hissed. 

Marian giggled. "Sure is friendly, especially for a demon." 

I looked at her, idly wondering how her power would taste if I pleasured her. The idea was intriguing, but I knew my mistress would never let me do it. To make up for that, I placed my hand suggestively in Anita's lap. 

She stood, dislodging it. "I'll go start carrying stuff out of my room." 

Marian stood as well. "I'll come with you, then." 

"But you aren't finished with your breakfast," Anita pointed out. 

"Neither are you," Marian said. 

"I've eaten enough," my mistress said, stepping away from me and slapping my hand away from her ass. 

"You just sat down," Marian protested. 

"I'm... not hungry," my mistress said. Before her rumbling stomach gave her away, she hurried out of the dining hall, ordering me to follow two paces behind. I fought the command, not because I didn't want to follow, but because I wanted to walk beside her. Maybe grab her ass. Perhaps... Hold her hand? Where did that idea come from? 

She did not give me an inch, and I was forced to follow her, two paces behind, like a slave. She would pay for the indignity, I promised myself. The idea didn't please me as much as usual. 

She was hurrying a bit, I noted, and from the bond I sensed... Anger. Anger didn't taste nearly as good as pleasure. 

When we got to her room, she slammed the door behind us, making the maid jump. Anita opened the door again. "Out," she ordered the woman, then belatedly added, "Please." 

When we were alone, she turned to me, and clenched her fist. I groaned, and sank to my knees. 

"If you ever," she growled, "Touch me like you did in the dining hall again, without my permission, I will make your life miserable. Starting with revoking your pussy privileges. Are we clear?" She released me. 

I collapsed on the ground, panting. "Yes, mistress." I acquiesced. "May I ask, why?" 

"Why? Why?" she snapped. Then she calmed herself somewhat. "How would your fellow demons react if they knew what we were doing?" 

I shrugged. "I doubt they would care. Feeding is feeding." Besides, as a demon lord, I could do what I wished. 

"Well, my fellow wizards would care if they knew I let you pleasure me," she said with a glare. "I would be a laughingstock! And so, by extension, would you. Do you really want mere mortals laughing at you?" 

"No," I admitted, remembering our first breakfast in the dining hall. "No, I would not." 

"Then don't touch me unless we're alone," Anita said with a final glare. 

"As you wish," I murmured, head appropriately bowed. I still ached from the punishment. 

"Good," said my mistress, somewhat mollified. "Now, grab those saddle bags." 

Anita

It was evening, first day of the journey. I already had saddle sores. I groaned. "You ready to stop for dinner yet?" I asked, shifting uncomfortably in my saddle. 

Marian back at me from her horse in front. "Sore?" 

"A little," I admitted. 

"If you'd mentioned that when we stopped for lunch," she said, "I could have done something for you." 

"I wasn't sore yet at lunch," I said, glancing over at my demon. He was loping beside us, easily keeping up whether we walked, trotted, or cantered. Right after lunch I'd briefly urged the horses into a gallop, both for the fun of it, and to see if he would fall behind. He didn't. He also didn't even appear to be winded. Interesting. 

"Then you can go a bit longer, just until sunset," Marian said. 

I sighed. "If you really want to." 

When the sun started to set, we found a campsite near a small stream. I set about warding it, while the demon gathered firewood and Marian cared for the horses. Then I led the demon off a little ways for some privacy while Marian started dinner. I pulled the chains from my pack and ordered the demon to turn around. He did so, grudgingly but without a fight. Good. 

As I cuffed his wrists and ankles, I murmured in his ear, "We're going to have to be quiet this time. Otherwise, Marian might suspect, or, worse, come to check on us." 

He smirked. "I'm not the noisy one." 

I pulled out a handkerchief. "I know. That's why I'm using this. But, keep in mind that all I have to do to command you is spit it out. Right?"

He nodded. "Of course."

When he started to kneel, I stopped him. "I want to try something different this time. Lie down. And get rid of your clothing."

Saban seemed to understand what I wanted. As he lay down, his clothes vanished, revealing an enormous erection. I shuddered. I was already a bit wet. "First you will lick me, to get me ready," I told him. "And then... And then we'll see." Although there wasn't much question in my mind about whether I'd be using that delicious looking cock tonight. 

I stuffed the handkerchief in my mouth, and then knelt over his face, looking at his cock. He obediently began to lick me, stimulating my clit and penetrating me with his rough tongue. I whimpered in delight, the sound muffled by the handkerchief. It wasn't long before I was ready. 

I scooted forward, lifting myself, until I was just above the demon's huge dick. It was nice and thick, just the way I liked it. I began to lower myself. Penetration. I moaned, eyelids fluttering, and thrust downward until I had taken almost all of it in. It felt exquisite. The demon thrust upward, forcing those last few inches into me. I gasped, almost inhaling the handkerchief. 

We began to move together, him thrusting upward while I thrust down, and then pulling up as he relaxed. His cock was entering me in just the right way, angled so it rubbed a little against my clit, and curving in a way dicks normally did not to rub against my g-spot. I closed my eyes, and began to lose myself to the rhythm. Oddly, the demon was behaving himself tonight, as far as feeding went, drinking my power in a slow trickle. Probably still full from yesterday. 

Saban

Hungry though I was, I paced myself, drawing in just enough magic to get the taste. If I tried to drink the power in quicker, she'd just stop me, and, possibly, end this. I loved her muffled whimpers. If I closed my eyes, I could almost believe I was the one gagging her, and that she was in my power. I loved the idea. I would take good care of her when I finally did capture her, so she would live a nice long time. If I kept her mostly content, and pleasured her regularly, perhaps she wouldn't fight me too much. That would be nice. 

I began to pick up my tempo, thrusting upward with speed, strength, and endurance not available to mortals. The muffled whimpering increased. I lifted my head up until I could suck on one of her nipples. I was more flexible than most mortal lovers, as well. It would be nice if my hands were free, I reflected. Or, better yet, if I could shift properly. Then I would be able to get both nipples at once. 

I imagined cradling her against my natural, rather amorphous form, with two mouths, bereft of their usual rows of sharp teeth, working on her nipples, as my tentacles held her arms, gagged her, and gripped her legs, forcing them apart to reveal the sweet pink flesh between. I would thrust into her, just as I was doing now. Maybe take her ass for good measure. And I would make her cum and cum and cum. 

Speaking of cumming... Her power held that special taste now that indicated she was reaching orgasm. I slowed my pace. She glared at me, but didn't spit out the handkerchief. I just grinned. Then, just as she was about to slip over into orgasm anyways, I picked up speed again. 

She practically exploded with delight. I drank in her power greedily as she came hard, shuddering and moaning with her eyes shut tight. She appeared to be incapable of voluntary movement, I noted as the handkerchief fell from between her lips. Perhaps I could use that. 

I shifted slightly to pin one of her legs. Not enough to truly trap her, but enough to keep her from disengaging herself swiftly as her orgasm ended. I used the brief period of struggle as she fought to get free to stimulate her more. Sensitive as she was after orgasm, it shouldn't take much to make her cum again. 

I was, however, just a bit too slow in getting her to orgasm. Anita pulled her leg free and stood. "Do that again, and I will make you pay," she snapped. 

"Yes, mistress," I said meekly. 

She snorted. "I will. Don't doubt it." 

She uncuffed my arms and my legs, and then withdrew a knife from her pack. 

"What's that for?" I asked, curious. 

"So Marian doesn't suspect," Anita explained as she drew the knife down her arm. 

"Ah. That makes-" Suddenly I froze. Something wasn't right. I heard a twanging sound. 

Anita

Saban froze. Then he moved in a blur, and suddenly, there was an arrow right in front of my eye, gripped between his thumb and forefinger. I gasped. Then Saban flung the arrow aside and pushed me to the ground. Another arrow buried itself in the tree behind me. 

"Can you protect yourself from arrows?" Saban snapped as an arrow buried itself in his shoulder. He blocked another with his hand. 

"Y- yes!" I stuttered, and began to form, in my mind, an arrow ward. 

"Then do so," he said. Another arrow lodged in his forearm. 

"I'm trying!" I snapped. "Give me a second." 

"It's not me you need to worry about," he warned, catching another arrow inches from my face. 

The arrow ward was complete in my mind. I said the words that would make it a reality. Fortunately, this one didn't required gesturing. The arrow ward sprang into being. The next few arrows bounced harmlessly off it. 

What to do next? If I moved, the arrow ward wouldn't move with me, but if I just stayed here, eventually I would run out of power, or my mind would be worn down by the effort, and the arrow ward would fall. What could I do? 

Duh. I ordered Saban, "Capture whoever is firing the arrows! You have my permission to shapeshift." 

Immediately he was off, blurring with speed. I wondered a bit why he didn't fight the command. If I died, he would be free. Perhaps he enjoyed feeding on me using sex that much. More likely, after all I had done to him, he was bent on killing me himself, slowly and painfully, and would not allow someone else to kill me first. 

Off in the underbrush, there was a brief, intense struggle. Then Saban came back, at a more sedate pace, carrying two men by the back of the neck, one in each hand. "That all of them?" I called. 

"Do you see any more arrows?" asked Saban. "That is all of them." 

I stood, dismissing the arrow ward. Saban threw the two men down at my feet. One tried to rise, but Saban pinned him under his heel. "If you know what's good for you, you will stay down," he told them both, sounding a bit bored. Then he looked at me. "Are you hurt?" 

I shook my head. "No."

"Good. What do you wish to do with them?" Saban asked. "Should we kill them now, or question them first?" One of the men moaned. Presumably he knew what sort of methods a demon might use to question. 

"No killing," I said firmly. "We'll bring them to the capital, where they will face the king's justice." 

Saban sighed. "You're no fun," he complained. "So should we take them back to the campsite, and Marian?" 

I froze. "Marian! Oh gods, I forgot about Marian!" Turning, I raced towards the campsite. 

"Wait!" Saban called. "Anita, wait!" 

"Come on!" I ordered. Seconds later, Saban blurred past me, and then slowed his pace to match mine so he was running just ahead of me. He still had an arrow in his shoulder, I noted, with the only part of my brain that was not panicking over what we might find at camp. 

As we neared the campsite, Saban stopped, almost making me crash into him. "What the hell?" I asked angrily as he grabbed me to prevent me from racing past him. 

"Let me go first, mistress," he pleaded in a whisper. "I'll make sure it's safe, and then I'll call you."

"Like hell!" I snapped. "Marian could be hurt! She could be dying!" And, besides, I trusted Saban about as far as I could throw him. He could be genuinely trying to protect me, for his own twisted purposes, or he could have some other scheme in mind. 

Saban hissed in annoyance, eyes flaring red. "You've given our position away anyways, with all this shouting. I suppose you might as well come along now. At least approach slowly."

"That I am willing to do," I agreed. Cautiously, we approached the camp. 

As we cleared the bushes, Marian looked up from the pot. "Good timing! Supper's just ready! What was all that shouting about?" 

I let out a sigh of relief. But we weren't out of the woods yet, so to speak. "Saban, search the surrounding woods for any more archers. Or anything else that might be a threat." I paused, remembering. "What did you do with the first two archers?" 

He shrugged. "What could I do? I couldn't race through the woods holding them, and your binding wouldn't let me kill them. Or even break both of their legs. I left them there." 

I sighed. "Go see if you can find them. But don't go so far you can't hear me if I call. And check the surrounding woods while you're at it. Subdue any threats, and bring them to me." 

He fought the order. "I think I ought to stay with you."

"I'll be fine. Once I activate them, the wards I set up will even keep out demons. That's why they took me so long," I said. "You can enter, and I can enter, and Marian can enter, but nothing else. Not even an insect."

He nodded. "Good." Then he trotted off into the thick underbrush. 

"What archers?" Marian wanted to know. "What happened?"

"I'll tell you,"I said. Or at least I'll tell you most of it, I thought. "But first let me set up the wards." 

Saban

I lay in the darkness, bound in chains, as per usual, and stewed over the escaped archers. If only Anita hadn't raced off when she did. If only I'd been allowed to kill or maim the archers. If only... I would have given a lot to know that they were safely dead. No one would steal my prey from me. No one. I looked over at Anita in her bedroll, wishing I was not bound, so I could guard her as she slept. 

No, no one would take her from me.