 She slowly regained consciousness. The heat from the burning wreckage roused her. She tried to stand and barely managed to get to her feet. She was dizzy and weak. And she hurt. She staggered away from the wreck. Then she fell. She lay gasping, too dizzy and weak to try again. 

The shaggy figure watched her. A storm was coming soon. She would surely die if left where she had fallen. The figure moved carefully out of the shelter of the trees and crouched over her. Her eyes were open but not focusing well. She was picked up and carried deep into the woods. She pushed weakly against the strong arms that carried her, then sighed and lay quietly. The snow was falling and the wind beginning to howl through the trees. She moaned and moved closer to the shaggy form carrying her. The strong arms tightened. 

She was carried to a hidden cave, through the twisting passages to a large open chamber. She was laid gently on a low cot covered with furs. Gentle hands loosened her clothes and covered her with some of the furs for warmth. She was watched over until she recovered enough to wake completely.

Her first sight when she awoke was the shaggy form that had carried her into the cave. Startlement gave way to resignation. She had been kidnapped by Bigfoot. It motioned for her to follow. She was shown a bathing chamber and privy. Then she was left alone. She gratefully stripped out of her torn clothes and eased into the pool. The water was wonderfully warm. A sound made her look around. The creature had a bundle of cloth in its hands. It put the bundle down at the edge of the pool and watched her for a few minutes. Then it left. She had not been able to tell if it was male or female. The bundle held towels and soap and clothing of sorts. She gratefully scrubbed her battered body. There was some sort of current in the pool. She watched the soap bubbles disappear under a rock wall. She soaked until her muscles felt loose and the pain eased. She got out of the pool, dried off, and wrapped herself in the robe.

The creature appeared and again motioned for her to follow. She was led back to the large chamber and given water and food. She looked up at it. 

“Thank you,” she said softly. The creature watched her for a moment. Then it straightened up to its full height, nearly seven feet. Its hands suddenly went to its head and lifted off the shaggy head. “Oh!” she exclaimed softly. The rest of the shaggy suit followed. She was looking up into deep blue eyes. Long black hair swirled around muscular shoulders. He was breathtakingly handsome and completely nude. “Why?” she asked, gesturing at the costume he had shed. 

He smiled slightly. “Protection,” he said softly. His deep voice held a subtle accent she could not identify. He held up the head. “I am myth,” he said. And smiled. She forgot to breathe. He sat down near her. “You do not fear me,” he said.

She gave in to her impulse and stroked his hair. “No,” she said. He leaned toward her and kissed her. A light touch of the lips that deepened and expanded until he held her tight to his chest, kissing her hungrily. She yielded to his embrace, feeling his strength holding her. 

Suddenly, he pulled back and let go of her. “I apologize,” he said. Then he left her alone. She sighed. His kiss had been arousing. And confusing. Who was he? She sighed again. A sudden stab of pain in her head reminded her how she had gotten here. She lay down among the furs and drifted off to sleep as the pain in her head eased. 

He stood in the shadows, watching over her, struggling with his almost overwhelming desire to possess her. When he was certain that she slept, he moved closer to her and sat on some furs nearby. During the night, she became very restless, tossing, turning, moaning. He moved to kneel next to her. He softly stroked her hair, murmuring softly. She moaned. And wept in her sleep. 

He softly gathered her into his arms. She turned to him and settled against him. He kept stroking her hair, comforting her, feeling her tears on his skin. She sighed in her sleep. Her tears slowed and stopped. He started to lay her down again. A small sound of protest. Her arms went around him and she clung to him. He smiled slightly and eased down with her, her head on his shoulder. He held her through the night.

She awoke in his arms to see his deep blue eyes watching her. She remembered her nightmare. She sighed and kissed him. His arms tightened around her. She felt him beginning to swell against her. She caressed his lips with her fingertips. Her nipples hardened. She kissed him again. 

He rolled over onto her, pinning her under his heavy body. She stretched against him, holding him tight. He eased her robe off her body. His hands on her bare skin made her tingle. He caressed her breasts, feeling her nipples harden under his hands. He stroked her, aroused her, kissed her hungrily. She felt his erection grow hard and hot against her. She moved under him to open herself to him. She felt him begin to enter her. She arched up against him. He was huge! He eased into her, stretching her, filling her. The hot friction of his long, slow movements sent waves of pleasure through her. She was soon writhing under him, grinding her hips against him. 

A sudden, hard thrust deep into her. She gasped, arched, and climaxed, throbbing hard around the massive erection thrusting into her. His thrusts became harder, faster, deeper. She moaned and thrashed. The friction of his huge erection moving in her increased, became hotter, more intense. She quivered and throbbed, her body becoming more and more tender as he kept plunging hard and deep into her. Another hard, long orgasm. He kept thrusting into her. Another climax. Another. Then he pulsed his hot, burning climax deep into her throbbing body. She lay panting under him. 

And she smiled into his eyes. He was still hugely hard in her. He started to ease out of her. She clutched his hips. “Please,” she whispered, “again.” 

He kissed her gently. “If I do not stop now,” he said softly, “I will not be able to stop for a long time.”

She felt him pulsing in her, hard, hot, enormous, filling her. “Please,” she said, “again.”

He pushed hard into her. She arched up to him, throbbing in sudden climax. Again, a hard, deep thrust. She writhed under him, clutching his hips, urging him into her. His movements became harder, deeper. She moaned, writhing under him, feeling his immensely hard, thick, long erection rasp in her, making her quiver as rivers of pleasure poured through her. A sudden, savage, twisting thrust. The ripping motion made her thrash and scream. Another excruciating, twisting, savagely deep thrust. She arched and screamed again. He kept on as she thrashed and screamed. And climaxed again and again. Long hours, he thrust hard into her writhing, throbbing body as she screamed and screamed. And climaxed. His climaxes burned hot and deep into her again and again. He took her until she was unable to scream. She trembled, quivered, throbbed, and climaxed, thrashing, writhing under him until his final climax burned deep into her with her own climax throbbing hard around him. 

She lay limp, sated, exhausted under him. Her body was aching, quivering in pleasure. She stroked his face as he finally, slowly withdrew from her. He held her warm body tight against him. 

“Oh, you have given me such pleasure,” he murmured, stroking her hair.

She kissed him gently. “And you have pleasured me magnificently,” she whispered.

Sadness touched his eyes. “Now I must give you back,” he said.

“Why?” she asked. “There is nothing waiting for me out there.”

“But I must leave soon,” he replied as he rolled over. He lay on his back, not looking at her. She moved over him, pressing her breasts on his chest.

“Who are you?”

He sighed, his hand stroking her back. Long silence. He finally looked at her gravely. His hand still stroked her. His touch was gentle on her. “I am an observer,” he said quietly. “I must return.” He gestured upwards. “Out there.”

Her eyes were round. And she smiled. “Must you return alone?” she whispered. Blue fire lit his eyes then died.

“Yes.” 

Sadness touched her eyes. “Will you ever come back?” she whispered.

“I do not know,” he replied.

“Then…” she said and kissed him with desperate hunger.

He rolled over onto her, thrusting hard and deep into her. She arched up and screamed at the excruciating friction of his sudden ripping penetration. He took her hard and long. She thrashed and screamed and climaxed as he thrust hard and deep into her for hours until she was limp, whimpering, sated. He took her again and again until he knew there was no time left. 

She put her torn clothes back on. He held her tight one last time. Then he put on his shaggy costume and led her out of the caves. He kissed her hard and hungry. Then he assumed the shaggy persona and led her to within site of a busy highway. He stroked her hair one last time.

“Remember me,” she whispered as he faded back into the trees. 

She was found by a passing highway patrolman. She went back to her life. And each night, she spent hours looking at the stars, a sad smile on her face. Each time she saw a shooting star, she wondered and sighed. 

She was sitting on her patio one evening, star-gazing, when a soft, deep voice behind her said, “What do you look for in the stars?” Her heart lurched and her breath caught.

“I once knew joy,” she whispered, “and the stars lured him away.” A hand stroked her hair.

“If the stars gave him back,” said the voice softly, “what would you wish?”

She sighed and leaned back into the hand stroking her hair. “I would wish to stay with him forever,” she whispered.

“Even back to the stars?”

“Anywhere,” she said, “even to a cave in the woods.” She turned to look at him. His black hair was pulled back into a tail. He was dressed in a closefitting black jumpsuit and high boots. A small silver emblem glittered at his throat. He smiled down at her.

“I can offer better than a cave,” he said. “Will you come with me?”

She stood up and went to him. “Yes,” was all she said. He took her hand and led her to a deserted spot. A small plane waited. It looked so normal. He helped her inside and then got into the pilot’s seat. None of the instruments made sense to her, but she did not care. The little craft took off almost silently and arced above the earth and out past the moon. There he flew into the hangar in a much larger ship.

He took her to the bridge and let her watch as he set the course for where ever he was going. He smiled at her again. “The ship is automated,” he explained. “Come.” He took her to his quarters. And gently removed her clothes. And then his own. She unfastened the clip that held his hair so she could run her fingers through it. He was beginning to swell and harden. He laid her on his bed and moved over her. He entered her swiftly, completely. She arched and screamed. And he thrust into her again and again, as she thrashed and screamed and climaxed. Long hours, he took his pleasure and gave her pleasure. And she was content.