 Begin recording 

First off, I'd like to congratulate you for finding this recording that I've hidden deep within the data banks of The Academy's high tech library. To locate and play this recording you not only had to have in person access the accursed "superhero university", you also had to be smarter than the idiots that call themselves teachers here. 

I'm leaving this behind so future students who are as driven, smart, and as misused as I can find this and save themselves some time. The Academy is a waste of your time, and so is being a hero. The Academy is a place where those of worth, like you and me, will be mocked and marginalized. 

Recording this message is my last act before I leave The Academy to start life as a "supervillain". I have no doubt that when I reveal my identify you will have heard of my: I am The Improbable Man and this is my origin story. This is how the so called heroes and heroines of tomorrow created their greatest foe! 

*** 

Like most superpowered individuals my Power-Gene activated around my eighteenth birthday. I was a different person then, excited at the prospect of becoming a superhero. Looking back I think I was just excited to finally fit in somewhere. I had always been awkward, scrawny, and pimply. All of that changed during the weeks before my powers activated. My acne started to clear up. I started to bulk up, growing muscles almost overnight without doing an exercise. But even after all of those physical changes I was still painfully awkward when it came to social interactions. 

As my powers beg to activate my awkwardness only increased. They were confusing and frightening at first. The world would seem to stop or become blurry or I would feel ten minutes had jumped by when it had only been a fraction of a second. Regardless of how my moment of disorientation felt the results were always the same: something nearby would improbably change to favor me. I would suddenly be in the front of a long line. My wallet would suddenly be full of cash when I opened it. Women would trip, falling onto me breast first. 

At first I seemed to have little control over what happened or even WHEN it happened. But as the days turned to weeks and the weeks turned into months I started to be able to control it. I could "activate" it when I wanted, even control to a certain extent what changed in my favor. But there seemed to be unseen rules to what kinds of things I could change. 

That was another reason I had been excited to go to The Academy. They were going to teach me how to control my powers better! Of course, that was just one more thing I was wrong about. They understood less about my powers than I did and from day one they weren't interested in helping me blossom, they were only interested in tearing me down. 

Professor Carr was one of the many teachers at The Academy that had no powers of his own yet felt qualified to tell all of us how to conduct ourselves. The first class I attended at the school was one of his. "Super Human Biology, Responsibilities, and Real World Philosophy" was a class that all students, no matter their age or experience before entering The Academy, had to take. Every day we had to sit there and listen to Carr moralize about being something he wasn't and never could be. 

"Look around you," he had said that first day. "This room is packed full, something I can grantee won't be the case during your final year of classes. More than half the students surrounding you will not make it to graduation. Some will drop out, some will be kicked out. 

"Right now the class is about evenly male and female. But the majority of men sitting in this room will NOT make it to graduation. In fact we'll be lucky if more than one or two of you graduate to become superheroes. Does anyone know why so few males graduate from The Academy?" 

This was all news to me. It hadn't even occurred to me till that moment that women far outnumbered men when it came to fighting crime. I looked around to see if anyone else knew the answer. 

A few seats behind me sat a tall, beautiful girl with long blond hair and her hand raised into the air. I'd seen her before, everyone had. She was fucking hard to miss, especially if you were a man and had blood flowing through your various body parts. Not only was she gorgeous but she had a fucking killer rack, even by superheroine standards. Word was she had been almost as well endowed before her powers kicked in. 

"Because boys with active P-Genes have less self control than girls do. Most can't control their sexual urges once their powers activate." She said the whole thing with a tone that said she thought she was better than everyone else for knowing this factoid. "Boys just make worse superheroes, that's why so many end up villains!" 

I'd heard she was as much a bitch as she was hot and I could tell every bad thing I had heard about her was true as soon as she spoke. She was just like those fucking mean ass cheerleaders back home, but with superpowers. Hell, she even started WEARING a mock cheerleader outfit as her superhero costume not long after that first day! 

She won over Professor Carr immediately. "Very good! Most people coming into their first class aren't as knowledgeable as you. I can already tell you're going to have a bright future ahead of you. What is your name, young lady?" 

Young lady? She wasn't a lady! Ladies don't chew gum in class like a cow chewing the cud. They don't refer to those around them as girls and boys when they are all clearly Men and Women. And even if she was JUST eighteen (the youngest you can be to gain entry into the Academy) Professor Carr couldn't have been more than fifteen years older than most of us! 

It wasn't the blond chick that answered Carr's question, by the way. A short woman with black hair and a heavy southern accent answered for her. "She's already picked up her superhero name! She's American Dream." 

American Dream sat up even straighter, glowing with pride at this comment. She was the first so far out of our entire class to earn a name. At the time I didn't even know how you went about earning one, I just knew it was a big deal to have one. Once you had that name your old one stopped matter, you BECOME that superhero. There are no secret identities in our day and age. 

Car congratulated American Dream then asked what her power set was. She seemed to have the normal set of brawny powers: super strength, flight, superhuman toughness that made it so she could ignore most small arms fire. It was a common power set, but a reliable one. 

Professor Carr then went around the room after that making the rest of us introduce ourselves and explain our powers. The southern chick that seemed to be American Dream's best friend had sonic screams. There was a speedster, a girl that could change size, a teleporter, and of course plenty of brutes with various levels of super strength and physical durability. 

Most of them already seemed to have a clear understanding of their powers. Compared to mine they all seemed so simple and clear cut... When it was my turn I stuttered and stumbled through my explanation. I don't remember exactly what I said, but I know I talked about changing probabilities in my favor. It seemed to stretch on forever, I wasn't making myself understood and the class was beginning to snicker at me. 

"Aw, come on Professor Carr," American Dream said in a loud voice, interrupting me. All heads in the room turned to her. She was already the center of fucking attention and eager to steal the spotlight from everyone else. "I think this spaz has bored us all long enough. He keeps yammering about 'probability', well I think it's improbable that any of us, like, give a damn! Let's just call him 'The Improbable Man' and move on." 

The room erupted into laughter at my expense. My face was burning red. I slid down into my seat and tried to disappear. Carr let the class laugh for a minute then called for silence. He tried to give me a sympathetic look, but I had seen that bastard laughing with the rest of them! 

"You know, I think you've just earned your name, Improbable Man." And just like that I had my superhero name. I stewed about it for days. Every time someone called me that I wanted to shout at them, maybe even hit them. I got my name from a fucking joke some bossy, fat-titted know-it-all made! 

Later on I realized this was actually how almost EVERYONE at The Academy got their superhero name. Of course, even after I realized this, I still held a grudge against American Dream. She was ALWAYS a bitch to anyone that she viewed as not as cool or powerful or pretty as her, which just about covered everyone in the school. 

*** 

The rest of my classes felt almost as useless as that first one. We went over the history of super powered individuals, learning how the first supers appeared during World War II. In other classes we started to learn basic combat skills, and in others learned about the kinds of supervillains and criminal organizations that were currently active around the United States. 

It was all part of a machine that was trying to form us into little fucking cogs that could fit into the roster of whatever super team we tried to join after we graduated. None of what I learned those first few months really spoke to me. Even the classes that revolved around using our powers didn't do much for me. I didn't yet understand how my powers worked, and neither did my teachers. 

As I grew more and more frustrated with my course work I started conducting my own studies. I was still socially awkward, so I rarely spent my free time socializing with the other students. Instead I spent my free time in the high tech library, looking through their records of past students trying to find one that had powers like me. I found a few with the ability to alter probability, but the way their powers worked didn't seem anything like mine. So I began to practice my powers in my free time.  

I started to spend almost every free moment using them, trying to understand them and control them better. I had my breakthrough moment towards the end of the first semester. 

I had been alone in my dorm room, throwing darts at a dartboard. I wasn't just trying to make the dart hit the center target, I was trying to understand the odd, inconsistent feeling of haze that fell over me before I changed things. Like I said earlier, sometimes this haze would manifest as the world coming to a halting stop for a moment, things becoming blurry, even feeling a long stretch of time had passes when really it had been a few seconds or even one brief moment. 

And then it happened, my breakthrough. I was concentrating on the haze and it just... cleared. I looked around and realized the dart was frozen in the air before me. Everything was still... the air felt... strange. I peeked out of my dorm room and saw people walking up and down the halls, but frozen in place. 

I had been wrong about my power all along! I discovered that I wasn't altering the probability of things, I was actually stopping time and changing things around me. Suddenly all the arbitrary, unseen rules of what I could effect and when made sense. I walked back into my room and grabbed the dart out of the air then placed it in the center of the target. Then I just... let go. And just like that time started again! 

I kept practicing my powers, and started to get a hang of stopping time. The problem was the world was a strange place when time was stopped. It was as if my mind had a hard time understanding and processing things. But the more I tried to stay aware of my surroundings when time was stopped the more used to it I got. Before long I started to feel used to the way things felt when time was frozen, I even started to enjoy the silent stillness of everything. 

I was finally getting a grasp of my powers, and it had nothing to do with the worthless teachers at The Academy. I decided right away to keep my REAL power a secret, and keep up the pretense that I was simply altering probability. 

I kept practicing in my free time. And now that I could STOP time I had a lot more of it. I started simple, just doing things in my room. Then I became more adventurous, wandering through the halls of the dorms, slightly changing things around me. I found I could "teleport" by moving locations while time was frozen. I could go wherever I wanted whenever I wanted. 

By this time I was finding out what they had told us in class was true: as your powers grew in strength so did your sexual cravings. I was finding that I was not only constantly horny and easily aroused, but that the urge to give my body what it wanted was harder to ignore as well. 

Having American Dream bouncing around the school with her perfectly sculpted breasts causing erections left and right in all the male students was just one more reason I hated that bitch. She wore a costume with a super low cut top and short skirt that flashed panties with the slightest breeze. And the bitch made sure to she spent a lot of time dropping pens and bending over, flashing said panties left and right, then pointing out and mocking male students that got erections from the sight. In a lot of ways it felt like high school, like we were all going through a second puberty. 

Luckily I was now able to stop time and go back to my dorm room to rub a quick one out if I needed it. I didn't like to do that if I could though. Getting off cleared my mind, but left me slow in body and wit. But from what we learned in class it seemed the women had it worse: if they got off too hard or too often it could drain their powers! 

It wasn't long before I started to grow dissatisfied with stopping time and heading back to my room to jerk off. I started to fantasize about what I might be able to get away with while time was stopped. And the more I thought about it the harder it was not to try and use my powers to gratify my ever growing sexual urges. 

The night I REALLY learned the full extent of my powers it was late. Probably around eleven p.m. on a weeknight. Most students were already in their dorm rooms, either finishing up their homework or getting ready for bed. 

I was horny, hard, and tired of jerking to porn. I decided if I stopped time and went from room to room on the woman's floor I could find someone that was naked and worth jerking too. Sure they wouldn't be moving, but they would be real and in front of me. I told myself I would just look, but deep down I knew eventually I would be tempted to do more than just look. Who would ever know? 

Anyone with two eyes had noticed that pretty much every woman with an active P-Gene is gorgeous. And there is a reason the saying "She's stacked like a superheroine" is so common. Not sure why, but something about having an active P-Gene makes most women's breasts get larger. 

Almost every door I opened contained a beautiful, powerful young woman. But I wasn't just looking for a hot chick, I was looking for one that was naked or at least topless. What I ended up finding was even better than I had hoped for... 

The girl was lying on her bed, the sheets thrown off her. The dark haired beauty was totally naked except for a lacy black choker around her neck. She was on her bed, with her legs spread wide open and her long, dark hair flowing out beside her head. One of her hands was massaging one of her large, firm breasts. Her other hand was busy working a vibrator in and out of her pussy. 

Or at least that's what she would have been doing if time hadn't been frozen. Her head was turned to the side, directed at the door to her dorm room. It was as if she was frozen in time, just waiting for my arrival. Her eyes were partially closed, a dreamy look of sated pleasure on her face. Her mouth was open, obviously frozen mid moan. 

I was so distracted by her hot body and frozen pose that I hadn't even taken the time to notice who she was. But thinking about sound coming out of that pretty little mouth of hers made me recognize her: it was Southern Bell. 

I've mentioned her before, but she hadn't gotten her superhero name yet. She was the chick with the thick southern accent that had announced American Dream's name that first day of class. She was American Dreams biggest support and inseparable best friend. 

I realized I had been hoping I would find American Dream, but I knew right away I'd settle for her best friend. Beside, Southern Bell was practically putting on a show for me. 

I pulled up the lone chair in the room, sat down, and pulled my dick out. I started to stroke myself to the sight before me. My eyes flowed over the curves of her soft yet well muscled young body. She had great breasts and a delicious looking little pussy covered by a small tuft of dark hair. 

But as good as the rest of her body was my eyes kept coming back to her mouth. Her lips were thin and wide, her mouth small. And that lacy black choker around her slender neck made her mouth even prettier. 

On top of how sexy her mouth was, there was the fact that her mouth was the source of her powers. In class her sonic screams had been shaping up to have the largest raw potential for power of anyone's powers in our year. I'd seen her scream blow apart an old tank! The idea of using something so powerful to pleasure myself... well it just made the fantasy of fucking her mouth that much more intense. 

I became fixated on her open mouth, especially the way it was just the right size for my cock to fit inside. I barely noticed what I was doing. I got up to my feet, still stroking my cock, and moved closer to her bed. The whole time I was imagining how good my dick would feel in her mouth. Then my dick was IN her mouth and I was slowly moving my hips back and forth, sliding myself in and out of her face. 

It was a strange feeling. It felt good, but I was aware that her saliva was lubricating my cock as I slid in and out of her mouth, which I realized was odd being that time was stopped. It was as if the parts of her that were touching me weren't frozen in time. I closed my eyes and moaned, enjoying the feel. 

I started fantasizing about how good it would feel to stand there beside her bed and feel her sucking me off. I closed my eyes and thought about it so hard that I swore it felt like it had become reality. Then I heard a slurping sound and my eyes shot open. 

Time was no longer stopped. I knew that right away, the air looks different when time is frozen. I looked down. Southern Bell was laying there before me, playing with her tits and using her vibrator to work her pussy while sucking me off. She had her eyes closed and was moaning like a cat in heat. 

The sight and sound of her sucking me off was too much. I blew my load in her mouth almost immediately. As soon as my cum hit her tongue her eyes shot open. She looked up at me, my cock still in her mouth, and I could tell she was about to scream. I jumped back and froze time just as she was closing her eyes and opening her mouth to let out a sonic blast that would surely send me flying through the wall behind me. 

I stood there, breathing heavily. I felt behind me for the chair then collapsed into it. What the hell was I going to do? I had taken things too far and let time unfreeze. And she had seen me! Even if I just went back to my room she would remember me. She'd be sure to tell someone, and before long someone at The Academy would figure out what had happened, how my powers REALLY worked. 

I sat there for a while, just catching my breath and trying to get my mind working at full speed. Cumming made me slow witted... but thankfully I had all the time in the world to recover. 

As I sat there, staring at the naked Southern Bell, one thing kept coming up in my mind. Why had she started sucking my cock when time unfroze? She had acted just the way I imagined her acting once time unfroze. It wasn't until she had the shock of the taste of my cum in her mouth that she seemed to even be aware of what was happening. 
