 The bell tolled the last stroke of midnight when the man appeared. A dark figure striding out of the night. He moved as if he were part of the darkness defying the light of the single flickering street lamp. He stopped before the small chapel, looking up at the stained glass window. Then he turned away and walked on. So did evil come to Little Hartney.

The next morning Rector John Preston woke early, he rolled out of bed kissed his wife Helen on the cheek and walked through to the bathroom. As he did so he saw his adopted daughter Mary lying on her bed through her open door. Sweet and innocent Mary was his adored child, perfect in every way. She lay amidst the tangled sheets one long shapely leg sticking out from under the covers. The sight of her creamy white thigh disturbed the rector greatly, she was no longer a child her eighteenth birthday was past just three weeks ago. Shaking his head to dislodge the thoughts that sought to sink roots into his thoughts he walked into the bathroom. 

At fifty-six Rector John was a man past his prime. Standing at just 5'6" his daughters all towered over him. This was unsurprising, as he had fathered none of them adopting all three girls. Sandra and Alice had both left home and now only little Mary was left with him and Helen. Pulling off his pyjama top he looked at himself in the mirror. Clean-, bald and broad shouldered. Darkly tanned from his work in the gardens, the dome of his baldhead was nut brown. His bright earnest blue eyes say in a nest of wrinkles. He looked down at himself sighing at the sight of his paunch that had stopped him seeing his own penis for ten years now. His entire upper body was covered in thick grey hair, even his shoulders had tufts of hair, his wife used to call him her bear. 

He smiled at that pulling off his pyjama bottoms and turned on the shower; he looked at himself in the mirror again looking at his soft manhood. Helen had used to say he didn't just look a bear but that he had the equipment and stamina of one as well. He sighed again, it had been six years since he and Helen were last intimate. He climbed into the shower.

Mary stirred awake slowly, sitting up and yawning. Then she stretched, the act making her firm young breasts strain against the thin cotton of her nightdress. She looked down and flushed scarlet as she saw her nightdress had ridden up to show off her pussy mound. Her little thatch of red hair was matted and wet and beneath her on the bed sheet was a small damp spot. She'd had 'that' dream, an endless stream of phantom lovers. One after the other, male and female, they tried to slake her never ending need. As they failed and fell she discarded them and found a new one and another after that and after that again. She felt a sensation in her sex as the memories of the dream stirred her lust. Timorously she reached down between her thighs; the feeling of her fingertip brushing her lower lips was like a lightning bolt. She actually jumped, pulling her hand away. "No, I'm a good girl!" She said to the room in general. Slipping from her bed she padded across the room to her wardrobe and opened it. 

Looking at herself critically in the mirror. At 5'10" she was very nearly the tallest girl in the school. Her body was slender and perfectly white and smooth, the same shade as fresh milk. Her long fiery red hair fell about her shoulders. Her features were soft and delicate, a little button nose, a small pink mouth and glittering green eyes. She pulled her nightie off exposing her firm full breasts, both a large handful in her small long fingered hands. Capped with small pink nipples that pointed up, there was not a hint of sogginess to them. She opened her panty draw and pulled out a pair of white cotton panties and slowly pulled them up her shapely legs and over her tight little arse. She followed this with a matching white bra and white knee high socks. She then pulled on and buttoned her shirt and tie. Followed by her knee length green wool skirt and her green jumper. She sat down to braid her hair.

Rector John had finished washing and was now dressed in his dark suit and priest's collar, also known as a dog collar. Helen his wife was making breakfast and talking to him about the gossip of the village wives as he leafed through the daily telegraph. "Oh and by the by" said Helen drawing his attention " the school has apparently found a new English teacher to replace Ms Spaulding while she goes off to have her bastard child" Helen said the last with some relish, she held views on single mothers and the previous English teacher's out of wedlock child was as far as she was concerned and abomination. "Oh, very good then" he replied and was about to turn back to his paper when the doorbell rang. Constable Tony Pike the village policeman was at the door, his round honest face shining with indignation "Rector you gotta come quick, someone's vandalised the church!"

Mary came downstairs to see her father rushing out the door with Constable Tony. "What's wrong mama?" she asked her mother. "Some dreadful people have blasphemed again god" Helen pronounced in tone of outraged pleasure "I suspect they were satanists, or drug addicts, or perhaps some of those dreadful asylum seekers!" As her mother prattled on Mary made herself toast. Then picked up her leather satchel and Queen Anne's girl school blazer and headed out of the door to catch the school bus her departure for five more minutes.

As it was the first day of term the headmistress of Queen Anne's gave a speech at the assembly, Dr Fyne tall elegant woman in her late forties who dressed impeccably at all times. The students all were certain that she bleached her hair to keep it blonde, though she always wore it in a tight bun. She stared out at the sea of girls over the tops of her severe glasses "now let me introduce our newest member of staff Mr Dante, he will be teaching the sixth form gels English literature" Dr Fyne always spoke absolutely perfect Queen's English, Mary suspected she had learnt it from a book. Mr Dante stood and came to the front of the stage in the small school hall. He was an impressive man; tall and very broad shouldered with wavy black hair and dark tanned skin. A mischievous smile split his small goatee and his dark eyes danced and glittered as he looked out across the hall "Good morning girls, I am Mr Dante and it will be my pleasure to teach you, I am sure this will be an eventful year for us all." His voice was rich and deep with a trace of a strange accent. As he finished speaking his eyes met Mary's and a thrill of what might have been recognition made her sit up straight.

The day passed quietly and Mary did not see Mr Dante again, as she didn't have English on a monday. As the bell rang she ran out meet Ms Weiss. Ms Weiss the PE teacher was a strange sight she was originally German and had been an Olympic contender in the female weight lifting team for Germany. There were rumours of steroid abuse in her past, hence why she was working at a small girl's school out in the country. She was over six-foot with massive arms and shoulders, her features could only charitably described as handsome, Still she was kind in a distant way and a very good trainer. Being small their school had no swimming pool so every monday Ms Weiss would drive them over to swim practise in the next town. On the way all the other girls could talk about was Mr Dante and how handsome he was. Some wondered why such a handsome man had been hired to teach hormonal girls, it could only lead to trouble. Ms Weiss ended the conversation there by saying Dr Fyne would have everything under control.

As eight o'clock the mini-bus pulled back up at the school, they'd been delayed in traffic and so had missed the last bus from the school home. Ms Weiss offered to give them lifts home. Mary declined deciding she'd rather walk home. She headed up the hill from the school following the winding road round the hillside, on this side of the hill was were all the rich people lived in large converted farmhouses with spacious gardens. Mary turned aside and headed up a small side path that ran between two rows of houses, this short cut stopped her having to go all the way around the hill. 

She hurried along the dark leafy lane eager to get back out onto the lighted streets. Up ahead she noticed light spilling out from someone's back window, Slowing she looked over the back wall of the garden and across to the house. Her eyes went wide and she gasped loudly. The French windows of the house stood open letting in the autumn breeze the curtains were pulled back letting the light spill out. There was Mr Dante wearing only an unbuttoned shirt forcing his thick pulsating manhood deep into a woman's arsehole. The woman was on her knees her arse up in the air, her trousers were down about her knees and her panties had been yanked aside, she still had on her blouse and dark jacket. On an armchair near to the pair a man was sprawled out unconscious or asleep. 

Dante looked up meeting her eyes across the darkened lawn as he gripped hold of the woman's arse and thrusts forwards hard, deep into her arsehole. Mary stood there immobile watching him, held by his gaze. She couldn't believe what she was seeing as he started to ram the woman's arsehole hard and deep eliciting moans and squeals from the faceless woman. All the time it was happening his eyes bored deep into hers. A damp heat began to form between her thighs and she squeezed her legs together, horrified at what she was feeling. A smirk formed on his face as if he could read her thoughts, raising his hand he slapped the woman hard across her arse. The sound of it making Mary jump, the heat within her thighs was an inferno that she had to quench. 

Blushing, she slowly reached down and grasped the hem of her skirt with trembling fingers and slowly pulled it upward over her creamy thighs. Dante nodded encouragingly at her as he continued to ravage the woman's rear with savage thrusts. Mary's white cotton panties clung to her pussy mound slick and almost see through from her wetness. Holding her dress up with one hand she slipped the other between her thighs, spreading her legs apart, slowly she started to stroke herself. Cupping her pussy with her hand she ground her palm into her mound, rubbing it in circles. Small sharp little gasps escaped her lips as she rubbed herself; little shocks of electric pleasure racing through her body, her wetness leaking down her thighs. "Good good" A voice crooned in her mind. 

She started but then it was forgotten as the most powerful feeling she had ever had rushed through her as she climaxed. Her whole body shook and her knees went so weak she had to grip the walls to keep from falling, wetness trickled down her thighs. Across the garden Dante ceased his relentless anal assault and stood reaching down, to grab the woman by the hair and pull her up so she knelt before him, he offered her his swollen meat and as Mary watched her headmistress closed her hands in prayer and said grace for the cock that had just raped her married arsehole. 

Then Dr Fyne closed her married lips over the tip of Dante's engorged serpent and swallowed it down until his balls pressed against her chin. He groaned bearing his teeth and Mary stared in shock as a forked serpent tongue slid out to lick his lips slowly. Gripping Dr Fyne's hair he pulled her head back and unleashed a torrent of hot sticky spunk all over her married face. His cum spattered on her glasses and her lips dripping down onto her breasts. Mary watched in shock as her teacher tore open her blouse so she could smear this adulterous cum into her breasts and then in to her cheeks and lips, scooping globules off Dante's meat and licking her fingers clean. 

The Incubus that called himself Dante watched as little Mary straightened up from leaning on the low wall and took her hand from under her skirt and sniffed it. Then grabbing her bag she turned and fled into the night. He looked down at his 'employer' and smiled cruelly. "You pleased me tonight my slave2 he purred. She looked up and smiled gratefully "thank you my Lord" she then glanced at her watch "the sleeping pills I gave Harry should wear off soon, you should leave"

Mary sat on the toilet seat in the bathroom, her arms wrapped about herself thinking over what happened, she started to slowly strip so she could wash away the events. She looked at herself in the mirror her hair dishevelled, and her knees dirty from when she fell in her flight. Her eyes were drawn to the small dark birthmark on her inner thigh; it looked like six-fingered hand. She reached down to touch it then pulled her hand back as she did she smelt the stench of her arousal on her hand and felt dizzy. 

Resting her forehead against the glass she wondered what it would taste like, her eyes travelled to her discarded panties. Just a quick taste she promised herself, picking them up she slowly extended her tongue. The taste was likely nothing on earth, nectar so torrid and sensual that is overwhelmed her, she licked and sucked on her panties lapping up her juices from them. 

Only when the last was gone did she look up and see herself, like a beast hunched over its prey. Blushing crimson she cast her panties aside and stepped into the shower. This was why she didn't notice that the end of her tongue had split becoming forked like a serpent.