 Author's note: In the not-too-distant future, this will be a true story.

Audrey Jensen stepped out of the shower and toweled herself dry. The full length mirror on the back of the bathroom door reflected a medium height, red-haired beauty with a superb figure; long shapely legs, narrow waist, toned stomach, and high firm breasts that displayed alert rosebud nipples. Typical of women her age, Audrey's pubic hair had been permanently removed a few years before. Her ancestry gave her flawless Celtic skin and, always careful of exposure to the sun, her body was unmarked by tan lines. All in all, she liked what she saw in the mirror.

Audrey was very excited. Today was Friday and her thirty-fifth birthday. Her husband Eric was returning from a business trip within the hour and would pick her up for a night of celebration. He had told her not to expect to return home until tomorrow. She knew what this meant; dinner in an expensive restaurant followed by mind-blowing sex in some luxurious hotel room. Plus, they'd have the whole weekend ahead of them afterward before returning to work.

She was also excited for another reason. Eric never failed to make each birthday gift unique and special. She had never been able to guess beforehand what he might select. All had been delightful surprises and she was certain that her gift tonight would be no exception. As usual, he would make her wait until late into the evening before allowing her to open her present.

As always, Audrey selected her outfit with care. Elegant simplicity reflected her personal taste in clothing and always drew Eric's appreciation. Black tonight; black lacy panties, a black mid-thigh dress with spaghetti straps, and three-inch black heels with ankle straps. Come-fuck-me-shoes. No bra. She didn't need it and the dress wasn't designed to accommodate one. In all, she only wore four pieces of clothing and two of them were her shoes. She knew Eric would approve.

Now lightly made up and dressed for the evening, she prepared a small overnight bag with sexy essentials, gave herself a final inspection, and settled in the living room with a magazine to await Eric's arrival.

***

She didn't have to wait long. Within a few minutes a click of the electronic door lock signaled his presence. After meeting him at the door with a prolonged kiss, she led him by the hand into the room.

"I've missed you so much," she declared. "I'm so glad you're home."

"I've only been gone four days," he replied with a grin. "You didn't miss me; you just wanted me to hurry home so you could have your birthday gift."

"That's not true! I haven't given my birthday, or the possibility of a present, any thought at all."

"Liar. Get your purse and let's go," he ordered as he grabbed her overnight bag.

"Where are you taking me? Am I appropriately dressed?" she asked, turning in a circle so he could admire her outfit and the body it barely concealed.

"There's no time for you to change, but I doubt we'll be thrown out in spite of your poor choice of attire," he replied, earning a punch in the arm from a delicate fist.

Moments later they were in the car. Eric punched in the coordinates of their destination and they both settled in for the ride.

"Come on, where are you taking me?" she asked again, holding his hand in her lap.

"You'll see in a few minutes. I think you'll like it."

True to his word they arrived at the Excelsior Hotel in midtown ten minutes later.

"Oh my God! The Excelsior! We can't afford this! A thousand dollars a night! What were you thinking?"

"This entire night is courtesy of a huge bonus the company gave me last month. I've been keeping it a secret."

"You always surprise me. I would never have dreamed we'd spend a night here."

"More surprises await you, My Lady," he said as he helped her out of the car and handed the ignition chip to the automated valet parking attendant.

Seconds later they entered a magnificent high-ceilinged lobby and Eric led her directly to the elevators.

"Don't we have to check in?" Audrey asked, looking puzzled.

"I took an early flight and checked us in this afternoon. I had some preparations to make in the room."

"What kind of preparations?"

"None of your business," Eric replied, leading her into the elevator car and inserting a key into a slot marked 'Penthouse' which Audrey noticed immediately.

"I don't believe this! The penthouse? This is already the best birthday ever!" she exclaimed as she drew him into a hug.

Twenty stories later they arrived at their destination, the elevator delivering them to a private landing in front of the penthouse door. Eric opened the door with a flourish, bowed at the waist, and gestured his wife inside.

Audrey stood transfixed just inside the entryway. The penthouse was luxurious. A large sunken living area with a well-stocked wet bar was directly in front of her. On the far side was a wall of glass with a door leading to an outdoor terrace and a splendid view of the nighttime city lights. A table set for two was visible on the terrace, a single rose in an elegant vase at its center. They would be dining outdoors tonight. To the left was a kitchen area that featured a robotic dumbwaiter to connect the penthouse to the hotel's chef far below and to serve the food when it arrived. To the right was the entrance to the master bedroom.

Instinctively, Audrey turned to inspect the bedroom. It was large and beautifully appointed. A huge bed was centered on one wall, displaying only a fitted top sheet and a single pillow for bed clothing.

"That's a little unusual." Audrey remarked, pointing at the bed with a broad smile.

"I don't want you getting tangled up in sheets and blankets later tonight."

"So things are going to get pretty wild, are they?" Audrey inquired, raising an eyebrow.

"Beyond your wildest imagination," Eric replied with a grin.

The bed was flanked by an elegant marble bathroom on one side and a walk-in closet on the other. Beautiful paintings adorned the walls and elegant accent pieces were displayed throughout the room. Recessed lighting bathed the interior in a soft glow. The entire wall opposite the bed was glass. The city's evening skyline was visible beyond.

"Watch this," said Eric as he touched a button on the wall beside the bed. The wall began to change texture and was soon transformed into the largest video screen Audrey had ever seen.

"I hope you brought a couple of porno movies," Audrey declared with a smile.

"You won't want any tonight. I guarantee it," Eric replied with a mischievous grin.

Looking back over her shoulder, she gave him an exaggerated wink, crossed the room to the closet, and reached for the door handle.

"That's a no-no," announced Eric. "Leave the closet alone."

"But where will I put my stuff?"

"You don't have enough 'stuff' for a closet," he replied, setting her overnight bag in a corner of the room. Come with me. It's time for champagne out on the terrace."

The evening air was perfect. For the next half hour Audrey and Eric sipped their wine and admired the view, touching each other intimately and often. Finally, Audrey set her glass down.

"I'm hungry and you've been gone for four days, so I'm horny too. You'll have to either feed me or fuck me. Your choice."

"Food first, sex second," Eric replied.

"And when do I get my birthday present?"

"What birthday present? Isn't a night in the Excelsior penthouse enough, you greedy woman?"

"I know there's a present and I know it's in that closet in the bedroom," she declared.

"Maybe, maybe not," he replied with a self-satisfied smile.

***

Eric had made their supper choices earlier in the afternoon, ordering small portions of Audrey's favorite foods. Seating her at the table, he took his place at the opposite end and pressed a button on the underside. Moments later, the dumbwaiter appeared with their first course and an appropriate wine selection.

Several more courses followed as they lingered over their meal, enjoying the city lights spread out before them and the soft music audible on the terrace. Finally, the dumbwaiter cleared the dishes and presented them both with a wonderful chocolate creation and after-dinner drinks. Audrey was visibly pleased, enjoying her birthday very much and knowing there was more to come.

"This is so nice, Eric. Thank you. Dinner was wonderful. The penthouse is wonderful. You are wonderful. I'm the luckiest woman in the world."

"I'm the lucky one," he replied as he rose to his feet and took her hand. "May I have this dance?"

As he pulled her into his arms he was nearly overcome with familiar emotions. He had loved this woman unconditionally for more than fifteen years. He loved the feel of her, the fragrance of her, and the taste of her. He loved her keen intelligence and sharp wit. Her sexiness, her responses to him, and her beauty were nearly overwhelming. With Audrey's body pressed tightly against his and the knowledge of what the evening still had in store for her, Eric grew hard almost immediately.

"Are you glad to see me?" Audrey whispered in his ear as she gave his cock a playful squeeze.

"Always," he replied, just as the song ended. "Another dance?" Audrey pulled back and looked up into his face.

"I think it's time for my present now. I've waited long enough."

"Okay. I give up. Sit down and I'll be right back."

When he returned moments later, Audrey was bouncing up and down with anticipation, a radiant smile on her face. Eric handed her a small square package wrapped in the new type of paper that shifted patterns and colors constantly. Her expression changing to one of slight puzzlement, Audrey accepted his offering.

"This seems pretty small to take up a whole closet," she remarked. "Am I going to like it?"

"I certainly hope so. Why don't you go ahead and open it?"

Audrey carefully peeled back the paper to reveal a small box. Removing the lid, she peered inside and her face lit up with surprise and pleasure as she recognized the widely familiar 'AI' logo on the electronic touch pad tablet inside.

"You got me an android!" she exclaimed. "I can't believe it! God, I hope it does windows."

Like most upper-middle class homes built in the '20s, theirs was highly automated. But in spite of all the gadgetry, the condo still had to be cleaned. They had a robotic vacuum system, but dusting and window cleaning were still done by hand just as they had been for centuries. Since Eric was out of town often, most of the household chores fell to Audrey. She hated housework.

"That's not exactly what it's for, but I think you'll be pleased with it anyway. Why don't you go ahead and take a look at the introductory video on the tablet?"

Audrey was familiar with the tablet. It was a fairly standard device that came with many purchases. Although content was tailored to the product it accompanied, operation was pretty standard. Tapping a couple of icons brought the tablet to life. Eric, having seen the video several times earlier in the day, remained seated across the table so he could watch the expression on her face when details of the gift were revealed.

"Hello. My name is Mason Allgood, Marketing Director of Android Innovations. I would like to congratulate you on your acquisition of Rex, the latest in our line of Android Fucking Machines. If you have purchased this product for your own use, you are a very wise and discriminating shopper. If you have received this product as a gift, you are fortunate to have such a thoughtful benefactor. Over the next ten minutes or so, I'll provide an overview summarizing this amazing machine's features and capabilities.

"Oh my God!" squealed Audrey, her eyes widening as she paused the video and clasped both hands over her mouth, a common gesture when she was truly surprised. "You didn't!"

"I did. It occurred to me that you might like something to occupy your time when I'm on the road."

"As often as you are gone, perhaps I would," she replied, batting her eyelashes at him. "The girls were just talking about these things the other day. Nina's cousin in Denver has one. Nina says she loves it."

The 'girls,' or the Gang of Four as Eric called them, were four friends, including Audrey, who had been together since early childhood. They went all through school together and then on to college. Inseparable for over thirty years, they now lived within a mile of each other and got together several times each week. Fortunately, all four were married to men who genuinely liked one another so the couples had been very close for years.

Audrey resumed the video and was soon transfixed by the display before her.

Rex is a fourth generation sex android, vastly improved over earlier versions. Your particular model has been designed to service females. Its functions and specifications have been tailored for that purpose.

Rex is between five feet ten inches and six feet two inches tall depending on the dimensions provided by the purchaser. Weight is commensurate with height and varies between one hundred fifty and one hundred eighty pounds. Rex is an engineering marvel in every respect. His skin texture and body temperature exactly replicate those of a human male. His hair is protein-based and identical in texture to average human hair. Rex's testicles are made of titanium for added heft. In most coital positions, his testicles will add significantly to your pleasure. For sanitary reasons, Rex has no pubic hair. He has a finely sculptured physique that you should find very pleasing. Laboratory testing has shown that Rex is virtually indistinguishable by sight or touch from a normal human male.

Rex has extended life, deep-cycle batteries that allow him to conduct full-throttle intercourse for up to two hours. His batteries recharge through the soles of his feet when he stands on his resting pad. He carries a full two year warranty for parts and labor against defects in manufacturing and programming.

Each of Rex's eyes contains a precision, high-definition video camera that allows him to identify and focus on sexually important parts of the female anatomy. This ensures he will obey commands exactly as you wish during sexual encounters. His memory contains hundreds of images of the female body in a variety of sexual positions which he draws upon during initial encounters with you. During those first few encounters, Rex will capture thousands of images of your body and discard most of the pre-programmed images. The few remaining images are used in a special function that I'll explain later. A video of each completed session, as seen through Rex's eyes, is automatically downloaded to the touch pad for your review after the encounter.

Although Rex is non-verbal, he recognizes all the essential English words and phrases needed to communicate with him. We will cover more about controlling Rex through commands and programming a little later.

Sexually, Rex has many useful functions and characteristics. I'll cover them one by one.

As you might expect, his penis embodies the most important and sophisticated functions.

Size is variable. The smallest is four inches in length with a diameter of three quarters of an inch. When you order Rex to achieve an erection, this is the size you will see first. It is the perfect size to begin anal intercourse. Upon demand, you can increase its size in four additional increments. Each increment is one inch longer and one half inch larger in diameter than the previous increment. The maximum size is eight inches in length and two-and-three quarters inches in diameter. All changes in penis size take a full thirty seconds to allow time for your body to adjust.

His penis contains sensors that measure your physiological responses during intercourse; heart rate, respiration rate, body temperature, blood pressure, lubrication production, and vaginal muscle pressure. All this biometric data is stored for later use. This ability proves very useful in detecting arousal and impending orgasm, which allows Rex to vary the speed and power of his thrusts to maximize your pleasure. Sensors in his pelvis measure the impact of his body against yours. Five levels of speed and power are available.

A lubrication function is provided that dispenses a sterile, water-soluble clear lube either at your command or when the sensors in his penis detect a need for additional lubrication.

For added stimulation, a very vigorous vibration mechanism is included.

Finally, an ejaculation function provides five pulses of sterile, water-soluble lubricant to simulate semen discharge. Each pulse provides one tablespoon of ejaculate at a pressure approximately ten times that of a normal human male. Many women report the ability to feel a partner's semen impact their cervix upon ejaculation. In practice, this is rarely the case; most women are only detecting penile contractions. Laboratory testing has shown that nearly ninety percent of women demonstrate a visible and pleasurable reaction to Rex's ejaculation. Rex can ejaculate multiple times, the exact number depending on how often he lubricates.

Rex's fingers contain the same sensors as his penis and he has been programmed to seek out the clitoris, vaginal opening, and G-spot. The middle two fingers of both hands have vibrators installed. He is capable of extraordinarily pleasurable digital manipulation of your most sensitive areas. His fingers have no lubrication function.

Rex has a very high memory capacity. He will record and store every detail of his sexual encounters with you, including audio and video, and then use that information to provide ever-improving performance in subsequent episodes. Once each second, he will record his penile sensor measurements, your physical reactions such as voluntary and involuntary muscle movements, and any vocalizations you provide. Just prior to, during, and just after orgasm, he will record that data five times per second. The next time you have sex with him, he will employ the information to match his performance to your sexual response profile. Laboratory testing has shown that most women are apprehensive for the first one or two encounters with Rex. For that reason, I recommend that you erase the data after each early session until you feel comfortable having sex with him. Doing so will allow him to build a more accurate response profile and drastically increase your pleasure during future sessions. Instructions for erasing data are contained in your touch pad.

And now a word or two about what Rex cannot do. He has no concept of fondling, kissing, foreplay, or cunnilingus. Best results will be achieved if you prepare yourself for penetration in whatever manner suits you best.

Rex has three primary modes of operation; Manual, Auto, and Owner-Defined. Each will be covered separately. Each is described in greater detail, along with programming instructions, in your touch pad.

In Manual mode, Rex will respond to individual verbal commands, doing exactly what you want him to do when you want him to do it. We recommend that your first encounter be in this mode so you can control everything that is happening to you. Specific commands will be covered momentarily.

In Auto, Rex will perform a pre-programmed set of sexual activities. Rex was delivered to you with a very pleasurable default program that you can employ whenever you choose not give him the instructions required in Manual mode. As currently programmed, the Auto mode features moderation in penis size, stroke speed, and thrusting power.

The Owner-defined mode is exactly what the name implies. You decide what sexual functions and sequences you want Rex to perform and program him accordingly. This mode is intended to provide precise sexual activities to meet specific needs based on your moods and sexual state of mind. Up to ten separate scenarios can be stored in his memory at a time.
