 Christian woke suddenly in the night to find a strong wind pushing through his window, causing his long curtain to flap wildly in the air. He saw a bright light shining outside and heard a faint whirring sound that, while subtle, seemed to permeate every aspect of his being and all of the world around him. Almost instantly, he began to feel very queasy and the room started to spin around him at an ever increasing pace. Just before he blacked out he saw the light getting larger and brighter...

Christian woke for a second time, this time in a fair-sized room. The walls were colored a mix of red and orange and were largely covered by windows, and the floor had several levels throughout the room, each being about a foot in difference. Lounging furniture was scattered about the area, including couches, large armchairs, tables and several large cabinets. Christian couldn't quite put his finger on it, however the room smelled familiar, sort of damp and cool like one would experience in an underground cavern of sorts. After taking in his surroundings, Christian further noticed that he was lying on one of the tables and while he was not bound he also couldn't move.

After about 15 minutes had passed, a door opened and in stepped a creature unlike Christian had ever seen. While she looked humanoid in appearance, she had light green skin, darker green hair, and two small antennae sprouting above her forehead. Other than that, she was most-definitely a specimen to behold - two big, beautiful blue eyes (which very much contrasted with her green skin but looked totally hot), full lips (slightly red but still mostly greenish), a large swelling underneath the white blouse that she wore, and a very curvy ass and set of legs underneath her knee length white skirt. Making eye contact with Christian, she smiled and began to walk towards him.

Coming up beside the table, the alien girl placed her hands on the robe that Christian was wearing and pulled it open, exposing his naked body underneath. She then proceeded to get up on the table, straddle Christian's legs and pull up her skirt, exposing her lovely, green alien pussy. Christian was very turned on to see her full, green lips and the pink insides that were clearly moist with her own lubrication. Outside of his own volition, Christian's cock became very hard very quickly and soon stood at it's full 6" erectness. 

Smiling at Christian again, the alien girl spread her lips apart and lowered herself onto Christian's cock, engulfing his entire member in her juicy folds. While her pussy felt nice and tight on his cock, Christian was even more excited by the fact that the alien girl's pussy kept on contracting around him, as if it were trying to milk the cum up out of his shaft. The alien girl began to fuck Christian quite rapidly and she began to make ever-loudening moans. While he loved every minute of it, Christian could not hold back the building sensation in his balls and soon let out a loud cry as he emptied his cum into the alien pussy on top of him. Doing so seemed to arouse the alien girl even more, as she increased her pace even more and within seconds was writhing on Christian's still hard cock (he assumed it was kept so hard by the milking action of her pussy). Christian felt a gush of fluid spill over his cock and then the alien girl fell semi-limp on top of him, breathing heavily. After a minute or two, she recovered, pulled her skirt down, smiled at Christian and left.

A couple of hours later, with nothing having happened in the interim, the door opened again and in walked two obviously male aliens. While Christian did not know anything about these creatures, he could tell that these ones were quite young and probably about the same as twenty year olds in human terms. Like the girl that had come in before them, they too had green skin and hair and the antennae on top of their heads. As they approached the table where Christian lay, they spoke casually in some language that Christian did not understand. In a similarly casual manner they removed their clothes when they got to the table and proceeded to help Christian off of the table, removing his robe in the process. As he rose to his feet, Christian noticed that the two young aliens had well-sculpted bodies and that their cocks were very hard and pointing up to 45 degrees. While their cocks were virtually identical to a human male's, they did not swell at the tip into a glans - rather they ran perfectly straight (like a circumcised penis without the foreskin). Both cocks were about the same length as Christian's, give or take an inch.

The young aliens led Christian over to one of the large armchairs and had him place his hands on each of the two arms of the chair, an action which caused him to be bent over at the waist. One of the aliens then sat on the back of the chair and began rubbing his cock with his hand. The other alien knelt down behind Christian, spread his ass cheeks apart and then proceeded to lick Christian's asshole, first with light licks and then with harder and faster ones. As he was getting rimmed, Christian then saw the other alien turn around and put his ass in Christian's face. Spreading his own ass cheeks, the alien then moved his asshole back until it touched Christian's mouth, at which point he began rubbing it back and forth on Christian's lips. While Christian had never thought of being with a man before, he couldn't help but notice how good it felt to have his ass licked and he had to admit that the idea of eating the ass before him was turning him on, too.

As Christian began to lick the alien's ass, the one licking his ass began to actually stick his tongue inside of Christian's asshole as far as it would go. This action caused Christian to moan out loud and he then stuck his own tongue up ass in front of him, causing that alien to moan, too. After continuing this for a couple of minutes, the alien that Christian was rimming turned around and placed his cock at Christian's mouth. At the same time, the alien who was licking Christian's ass stood up and slowly stuck his cock up Christian's well-lubricated asshole. Christian moaned loudly at this new sensation, allowing the alien near his mouth to stick his cock inside. Flooded with pleasurable sensations, Christian bucked back against the cock in his ass and began sucking on the cock in his mouth. Both aliens were moaning with pleasure and picked up the pace: the one behind Christian grabbed his hips and started thrusting harder, while the one in front put his hand behind Christian's head started shoving his cock all the way down his throat. While Christian gagged at first, he quickly learned to relax his throat muscles and just let the alien fuck his face. 

Within minutes both aliens cried out and filled Christian with cum in both of his holes. After taking a minute to breath, both aliens removed their dicks, both of them dripping with their own seed, and began to converse in front of Christian. They looked at him a couple of times and then both nodded as if in agreement. The alien that had been fucking Christian's ass stood off to the side and began to jerk himself off, while the other alien came up behind Christian and slid home up his ass in one quick insertion. Christian jumped and moaned at the re-entry and the alien who was jerking off smiled at him. The one alien ass fucked Christian for a couple of minutes and then withdrew and stood in front of the other alien who bent over at the waist and began sucking him off, the cock being covered with both of their cum. The alien getting sucked off then motioned for Christian to kneel behind the other alien and then reached forward to put Christian's face in the alien's ass. Christian began licking the ass of the alien, who began to moan with pleasure. 

After another minute or two had passed, the alien being sucked off motioned for Christian to grab the other alien's cock and use the cum on it to lube up his ass. Doing this, Christian was then instructed to start fucking the alien up the ass as his friend started fucking his face. Excited at the prospect of doing so, Christian spread the alien's ass cheeks apart with one had and guided his cock into his asshole with the other. Amazed at how tight and good the ass felt around his cock, Christian started to quickly pick up his pace until he was fucking the alien as hard as he could. Feeling generous, even though he was not instructed to do so, Christian reached around the alien he was fucking and began to jerk off his cock at the same time. Within minutes the three of them came long and hard and soon collapsed onto the furniture around them. 

After a minute of heavy breathing, the two aliens began to talk again with several glances over at Christian. Finally, one of them said to Christian in perfect English, "We're really not supposed to be talking to you, however we want you to know that we appreciate your enthusiasm and you consideration in jacking off my friend. As a reward, we're going to recommend that one of our special friends pays you a visit - you'll be really happy that she did."

With that, the pair picked up their clothes, led Christian back to the table, dressed him and left. Wondering what was in store for him Christian found himself falling asleep as his recent expenditures caught up with him. 

Christian woke to the sound of the door opening again and in walked two female aliens and a male. The trio moved over to the table and looked Christian over. All three appeared to be quite young, perhaps 18 years old in human terms, and were very attractive. The male was tall and had a broad chest, tight ass, and a large bulge in his pants. One of the females had her hair pulled up into two pigtails and was wearing a schoolgirl uniform - she had tiny but perky tits and a very small, round, tight ass. The final female had her hair pulled back into two buns, clearly had big tits under her shirt and had a very long and curvy body - both females looked very young and innocent. 

The male alien removed Christian's robe and put him into a hands and knees position on the table. The busty alien then proceeded to lick Christian's ass which caused him to moan. The schoolgirl alien then sat up on the table beside Christian and hiked her little plaid skirt up, exposing her tiny, green pussy (while it was small, she still had very full pussy lips). The male then knelt in front of the schoolgirl and began eating her out, coating his face in pussy juice. The busty alien soon began sticking her finger in and out of Christian's ass, followed by two fingers and also reached around him to begin jerking off his very hard cock. 

After a minute or two of that, the schoolgirl alien looked to be very close to creaming herself, however the male alien stopped licking her cunt and left her to play with her pussy herself. He then came behind Christian and pulled his knees on to the floor so that Christian's chest was lying on the table. The male alien then removed his clothes, revealing his 6" cock, knelt down behind Christian and began easing his cock up his tight ass. At the same time, the schoolgirl alien moved in front of Christian so that he could eat her dripping cunt. After licking her for about a minute she began to moan and pulled away from Christian and began rubbing herself again. Perplexed, Christian looked up at her when she began shooting a long stream of cum right into Christian's face, covering it completely. At the same time, the male alien began to cum deep inside Christian's ass, emptying his balls inside his tight hole. 

By this time Christian was about to burst and fortunately the busty alien put him on his back on the table, got down on her knees and began to suck him off. Christian began to get very close to sending his cum down her throat when she suddenly stopped her sucking and stood up. Before Christian could think a thought of protest she began to remove her clothes and Christian saw why she was the "special" one - not only did she have a beautiful, dripping pussy but she also had a big, 6" cock sticking out above it! Taking one of Christian's legs in each hand, she roughly stuck her cock into his cum-filled hole and began fucking him hard, her big tits bouncing up and down as she did so. Christian grabbed hold of his own cock and began jerking it off rapidly, bringing himself to orgasm in about 15 seconds flat, covering both of their crotches with his cum. 

The male alien then came over to Christian and knelt over his face, rubbing him asshole over Christian's lips. Not needing to be told twice, Christian began to lick and suck the asshole in front of him, eventually sticking his tongue inside as far as it would go. The schoolgirl alien then came over and began sucking off the male just as Christian felt the alien girl with a cock shooting her load all over his stomach. The sight must have aroused the male alien, as two minutes later he moved off of Christian's face, brought his cock up close and shot his load all over it. The busty alien then mounted Christian's hard cock and began riding him as she licked the pussy cum and cock cum off of his face. The schoolgirl alien sat on Christian's face when she was and Christian came long and hard in the hermaphrodite's tight pussy. Apparently the schoolgirl was jerking her off, too, as both of them came soon after: the schoolgirl by Christian's mouth and the hermaphrodite by the schoolgirl's hand and Christian's cock at the same time. 

By that time everyone was completely spent and lazed on the couch for sometime before cleaning up and leaving. While Christian still had no idea as to where he was, he certainly was enjoying this thus far...