 Last episode, Billie Rose tried to assassinate an old man using her standard means of fucking him, then stabbing him when he was at his most vulnerable. Only he didn't seem to be dying. Then she found a waifish slave hidden in the closet and she decided to run for it, only to hide in a brothel with the intoxicating Tricia.

The two passed the night, chatting a bit, but still on edge. It was still likely an hour before dawn when a tiny bell rang in Tricia's bedroom. "Excuse me for a moment," Tricia said. "That's the boss."

Tricia went out into the hall and was speaking quietly to someone, even Billie's sharp hearing couldn't understand what they were saying. She thought they might be speaking a different language. Tricia returned with news. "They're searching the whole city for you two. An elderly merchant is telling the military that a crazy woman broke into his room at night and after throwing some manner of darts at him stole his niece. They asked my high priestess there if anyone had entered, but she covered for us."

Billie stood up and grabbed her bag, "Time for me to go."

"Not so fast my little black shadow. They're questioning the ships' captains too. There's no way they're going to let you get on that ship. They're even talking about preventing every ship from leaving."

Billie sat down on the soft bed. This was too much. She'd botched the job. She'd botched the escape. Now she was trapped in a bordello with no easy way forward.

Tricia sat down on the bed beside her and hugged her close. "But we have a plan." Billie's head snapped to attention. Tricia continued, "One of the searching officers is looking to search the house. We're pretty sure he's just looking for a freebie, and I'll give him one. Then I should be able to cloud his mind a bit and get him to tell me what they know. It should work; it has before."

Billie and the waif were quickly stashed behind the drapes of the room. Billie felt she'd been an idiot to not recognize that people could hide this way, but she was willing to take advantage of it now. Tricia left the room, but returned very quickly with a constable in uniform. As soon as they entered the room, he was all business, giving her orders and expecting compliance. "I am here to search the building for the missing kidnap victim. I am not here for your games woman."

Billie felt her head begin to get cloudy, even though she wasn't the target of Tricia's magic. Tricia cooed in his ear, "But you wanted to search me and my bed, didn't you? Wouldn't that be your first place to search?"

"Yes", he answered in his crisp tone, though the rest of that sentence seemed to trail off a bit. "I think I should start with you."

The guard began like he was frisking her as she turned away from him, but as he reached around and his hands came near her breasts, she held them and had him massage her. She began to swirl her ass into his loins, as he no longer needed her encouragement with her chest. His head actually looked to Billie as if it were swirling around on his shoulders as he began tearing at her clothes. Rather than risk them, she stepped out of them with a poise and speed that clearly came from a great deal of practice.

She began unbuttoning his vest, and then the shirt beneath. He was moving around like he was doing a little pee dance, as though he was desperately holding in his erection and needed to let it out. She knelt before him and when she sprung his little soldier from his pants, he sighed in relief. For a shorter guy, he had quite a weapon there.

Billie watched with fascination from behind the drapes as Tricia took his cock into her mouth. She sucked on the head, then slid his somewhat thin but long member deep into her throat. The first time it came back out of her mouth, Billie knew it was at full attention. She couldn't help it, she was really getting turned on by Tricia's display and prowess.

Tricia pushed his vest and shirt off his shoulders and holding his prick in her hand led him to her bed. She laid down on her back and guided him into her warm and ready pussy. He was barely thinking as he was pulled between her thighs and into bliss. He thrust away, but it was her skilled legs that brought him to where he needed to be and her shapely ass that rose to meet his thrusts. He let out a long low moan, but that was just the warning of what was about to come, well cum.

As Tricia locked her ankles behind him, he began to thrust away like a dog in heat. Had it not been for her locking him into place he would have fallen out and probably off the bed. He was like a wild man on his first fuck and enjoying it so much he couldn't stop himself. It was base, it was primitive, and it nearly got Billie off.

As he started to slow his pace, Tricia began to whisper to him. "Who are you seeking?"

"We're rescuing Clovis Trechture's niece. A crazy woman kidnapped her."

"Well you know she isn't here."

In a clearly hypnotic tone the guard repeated her words, "I know she's not here."

"But where will you search next?"

"I am to report to the harbor master and help to secure the port."

"Thank you, my love. Now be a good boy, get dressed and report to the harbor master."

"Yes, sir" he stammered as he sort of put his clothing back on and left the room. That soldier was going to be getting his ass chewed by his officer when he showed up looking like that.

Billie came out from behind the drapes trying not to seem like she was catching her breath. This was just a quick little fuck, but watching Tricia at her trade had Billie so worked up, she could barely think straight. Tricia gave her that smile, that magical smile that made Billie go soft inside. "I need you my little shadow", she called. "My goddess needs our devotion so I can call on her guidance."

Billie was pretty sure that Tricia was magicing her again, but she had no plans to resist. Billie climbed onto the bed and let Tricia guide her head between her legs. Billie saw what the guard had left behind in Tricia, but her focus was on Tricia's moistness. Billie lapped at Tricia, cleaning the soldier's cum away so it could be just the two of them down here. Deeper and deeper into Tricia, Billie stuck her tongue and her face, wanting to get lost in there.

Billie's tongue found Tricia's nub and she began sucking on it, trying to bring it into her mouth. It stood long and hard, but stayed firmly attached to the sex priestess. Harder and harder Billie sucked on that clit, ignoring everything going on around her. Had this been an elaborate plan of betrayal, Billie would have been caught in it and possibly not even cared. All she wanted was to bathe her tongue in Tricia's juices, and Billie was going to get to the prize no matter what it took.

Tricia loved being on the receiving end and as Billie pushed her closer and closer to orgasm, she let herself go. She dropped the spell she had been casting, but only because she couldn't focus enough to keep it going. Ensorcelled or not, Billie was not going to quit now. She kept going at that clit until Tricia was gasping for air. Her orgasm was building and building. All Tricia could do was bite her lip and grasp at the pillows and blankets on the bed, until she stuffed a pillow over her own face and screamed into it.

To Tricia, the darkness of the pillow went away, like clouds leaving sky. Before her stood a calm pond. From beneath the surface a woman arose, the most gorgeous woman Tricia had even seen. Long, lustrous black hair down at least to her ass. And that ass, big and beautiful, the kind of hips and ass that men dream of their wives having for birthing those babies. And after that, those huge but firm breasts would nurse those babies to strength. This must be the goddess, because no other woman could possibly have looked so sexy and so fertile at the same time.

As the water dripped off the perfect form of the goddess, she smiled at Tricia, and Tricia knew everything she needed to know. Suddenly the blackness returned, and Tricia squeezed her legs together, catching Billie between them. Tricia was far too sensitive and Billie was still lapping up her cum. Tricia crawled back, trying to escape, and Billie eventually gave up the pursuit.

Billie looked at Tricia, slightly disappointed. "That was the best pussy I have ever tasted!"

"Thanks, but as enjoyable as that was, that's not what this was about."

"Yeah, we need to talk about you using magic on me", Billie scolded. "It pisses me off."

"I really am sorry about that, but I needed you to push me over the edge in order for me to seek advice from my goddess."

"Did it work? Did you really get a message from your goddess?"

"Yeah", she replied as though she herself didn't believe that it had worked. "She wants me to go home."

"Where's home?" Billie asked her.

"I'm from Cattaina - across the sea."

Billie looked at her almost sideways. "That requires a boat from the port, and we can't get one of those anymore."

Tricia sighed with confusion. "Yeah, and I need to take both of you with me."