 Last chapter, the sex priestess Tricia hid Billie the assassin from the local guards by seducing one of them into her bed. She then received a message from her goddess telling her to take Billie and the waif back to her home.

"Who the fuck do you think you are?" came booming down the hallway. Billie and Tricia looked to the doorway to see an older woman practically exploding into the room. Tricia seemed surprised but unperturbed, but the big woman's entrance startled Billie into drawing her fighting dagger.

"Well hello High Priestess Contedescra," Tricia said in the most calm and pleasant of voices, clearly calling the woman by name and title for Billie's benefit. "What is it I can do for you, or perhaps to you?" she followed with a clear invitation.

"Don't you dare pull some seduction routine on me. I was pulling those tricks while you were still in your daddy's cock." The big woman was pissed, and she was not calming down. She wasn't big in the sense of being hugely fat or really tall. It was just that she had that sense of having lived well and it showed in her heavy belly as well as the rest of her body being well rounded. "You actually reached out and contacted our goddess."

"Yes, your holiness," Tricia admitted, "I did ask the goddess to grant me guidance, and she graced me with her wisdom."

If anything, when the high priestess lowered her voice, it became even more menacing, as she was barely holding her temper with her underling. "You know there's more than one goddess, so when you go reaching out to her in her orgy filled heaven, you know the other gods and goddesses notice. Hell, one of the ladies of her heavenly court came to me to let me know what you were doing. How many other angels were sent out with similar messages? And on the same night that some jackass merchant "lost" his niece. How much heat are you trying to bring down on our temple?"

Tricia did seem to be taken down a notch at that thought. Apparently she hadn't really thought through the ramifications of her actions. She bowed her head in front of her high priestess and remained silent for a moment. When she spoke, most of her bravado was gone. "Contedescra, I apologize. I did not consider the impact on you and my sisters in faith here. I was willing to risk myself, but had not intended to risk them or you."

The high priestess was still angry, but she did seem to be calming as Tricia's rather defiant attitude had changed. "What about your friend here? Had our goddess decided to take you right then and there, her life probably would have been sucked right out of her through your snatch. Bet you didn't warn her about that did you?"

Billie immediately stared at Tricia. Was such a thing even possible? "No, sacred mother, I did not warn her. I was wrong to do it." That did not make Billie feel any better.

"Well, it's a damn good thing I can spread bullshit even better than I can spread my legs!" The high priestess was calming down, but her style certainly wasn't changing. For a second, Billie saw in her an old barmaid swearing with the worst of the dock workers. "You three stay here - No magic, no nothin'!" And with that Contedescra the High Priestess left the room, leaving Billie and Tricia stunned and silent.

Lacking anything else she could do, Billie found a soft corner of the room (they were all pretty comfortable) and took a nap. She could be like that - practical, even in terrifying situations. Tricia on the other hand was a wreck. She really hadn't thought through the consequences of her actions. Asking the goddess for help seemed smart, but in fact, she really had put her entire temple full of prostitute priestesses at risk.

Though it took until dawn, the High Priestess returned with a plan. Billie with her years of training heard the big woman coming down the hall and was fully awake before she opened the door.

"You need to listen. You do not get to argue." The matter of fact way she opened the conversation was not a good sign. "I am going to take you to a ship. That ship is being searched right now. The four of us will be allowed to board her, because we are going to entertain the captain on his birthday. The constables will then see all four of us leave the ship, and it will depart. Obviously, you three will still be on the ship and out of my hair."

"Thank you, Contedescra," Tricia said with a bowed head.

But Billie wasn't so convinced. "Why?" The two priestesses looked over at her with astonishment. Was she refusing help? "Why stick your neck out for me?"

Despite her earlier show of her anger, Contedescra walked over to the much smaller woman and treated her with a straight response. "This little whore you've partnered with here actually did contact our goddess. Further, it didn't anger our lustful deity, but instead intrigued her. One of her angels told me to help, because our goddess has a job for your three to do, starting in Cattaina. I hate this, but I'm not going to tell a goddess, no."

She was too matter of fact and held Billie's eyes too solidly for this to have been a lie. Billie was sure of it. It scared the crap out of her, but she was convinced the high priestess was telling the truth as she knew it.

Minor details were worked out, and Contedescra left the three to get ready. But that meant that Bille and Tricia needed to wake the waif, who was still out cold from when Billie had thrown her out the window. Luckily, Tricia had smelling salts, but the waif took her sweet time coming to consciousness.

As she awoke, it was with a start. Staring up at two women she had never met, she had no idea where she was. Tricia took the lead and tried to calm her, while Billie restrained her. Despite Billie being in expert athletic shape, the fear in the waif nearly shook her off. 

Time was of the essence. Without waiting to explain, Tricia clouded the waif's mind and three women began to prepare themselves for the day. In order for them to get onto the ship as prostitute priestesses, they were going to need different clothes and a lot of make-up.

Tricia borrowed clothing from her fellow priestesses. While they hadn't wanted to part with their outfits, Tricia knew she was unlikely to ever return, so she was willing to bargain away her clothes and even furniture. As the tide was rolling in mid-morning, the three "priestesses" were ready to go with the High Priestess.

The plan went surprisingly well. Contedescra led the three to the docks, and then right up one of the gang planks. The constables at the bottom of the ramp had been told this was going to happen and they were snickering at the three girls being led aboard. Once on deck, the first mate said, "No more than three-quarter hours ma'am."

Contedescra responded, "I'm sure he can't last that long."

All four women walked to the captain's quarters and entered his cabin. Even with the morning sun outside, it was dark in the cabin. The captain stood as they entered, showing politeness, if nothing else. 

He addressed Contedescra as though the others weren't even there. "So which one is going to handle me and my crew?" he asked with impudence.

Contedescra gestured to Tricia. Tricia seemed startled, but tried not to let on. The captain nodded, as though he was dismissing the high priestess. She was not so easily ignored. "I have your oath that you will deliver these three to Cattaina, and no harm will come to them."

He looked up at her from his desk. "Well no harm will come to the two flat chested ones. And no real harm will come to the whore."

Contedescra's eyes flashed with rage. Calling a lust priestess a whore was like calling a knight a piss boy. Billie felt the flow of magic in the room, and the captain shot up from his desk. Clearly something had startled him, but Billie was unaware of what it could possibly have been.

He settled himself down, clearly understanding that she had done something to trick him, but even still, he was nervous of her. "You have my oath," is all he said. Contedescra nodded and left the cabin.

Ignored, Billie watched out one of the tiny windows in the cabin, between the closed shutters. As Contedescra walked across the deck, suddenly the other three were with her again. All four of them could be seen walking across the deck and down the ramp. Had anyone been watching as Billie was, they would have seen the three appear out of nowhere, but it was unlikely that anyone had been. Plus, who would believe that three women had really appeared out of nowhere?

The four women walked to the carriage and seemed to enter it. At the same time, the ship came alive with men. Ropes were being thrown, the ramp was taken up, and sails were being unfurled. Calls were made to a pilot ship and the large merchant trader was pulling out of the port.

Billie breathed a sigh of relief, probably for the first time since the ball. They were really free of the city and leaving the constables behind.

The captain went out to review his men and make certain that everything was as it should be for the first portion of the voyage. When he returned about an hour later he gestured for the three women to follow him. Down a short staircase and paces down a narrow hall, he opened a tiny door to a tiny room. Inside two bunks hung from the wall like shelves. There was a crappy, woven wool rug on the floor and a rickety chair. "You two will stay in here for the length of the voyage," he told them. "Out there I cannot account for your safety. You come with me."

Billie wanted to voice opposition, but Tricia gave her a little wink. This was after all her profession. She could probably handle the captain and his officers, though he had implied it would be the whole crew.

When Billie next saw Tricia, it was mid-afternoon, and the shore had been gone from view for hours. Rather than worry about the waif, Billie had secured her with a pair of Tricia's manacles. The life of a lust priestess was something Billie was not use to! How many people kept manacles in their bedrooms? Maybe Billie didn't want to know.

Unexpectedly, when Tricia reappeared, she looked energetic. Billie's eyes went wider as the priestess flopped down into the chair and went limp. "Wow! What a rush!"

Billie looked at her new friend and started to notice some things. First, she was still dressed as a lust priestess, so her dress should have barely covered her ass. Tricia's dress was so rumpled around her waist that her pussy was showing clearly from underneath. Not only was there cream leaking out of her from below, but Billie noticed the dried tracks of cum that had been left on her face. Her makeup was completely destroyed, but she still didn't look like a clown.

Tricia smiled up at the assassin. She knew what was going through her mind - a mix of awe, disgust and envy. So she told her story.

"So he led me away to meet the crew. There are three officers, a cabin boy and 32 sailors onboard. Oh, and the captain. I think he's still afraid of me after what Contedescra did to him.

"So the first mate, his name is Brian, he said that he got to have me first. Advantages of rank and all. So as I was sucking him off, he's telling me about his wife and asking if I can taste her on his cock since he just fucked her this morning. I lied and told him I could. He had a decent size, but for a guy who just got fucked, he sure came quickly.

"The second mate is my favorite! His name is something foreign, I didn't catch it. But who cares. His cock was huge - like a fucking salami. I lied to him too. I told him I didn't think I could get that thing in my mouth, so he was going to have to fuck me. Oh, wow, he was good. He honestly ruined me for the rest of them - not that they'd notice. Oh, he fucked me in different positions and just kept going. I don't know if I came twice or three times, but I loved every second of it.

"I guess the rest of the guys were getting a little pent up, because they all kind of came at me after he was done. At first, I just got down on my knees and decided I would suck them all off. That worked for a few minutes. I swallowed two loads and was wearing three more, when one of the bigger sailors picked me up and put me over a barrel. He was a little too good at lining me up, so I think he was experienced with that move. I'll have to ask the cabin boy some time.

"So anyway, I'm over the barrel and he starts fucking me from behind. I was a bit surprised that he was in my cunt and not my ass - you know how these sailors get - but another guy was face fucking me, so I couldn't really concentrate. When the two of them were finished, two more stepped up and the bang gang was in full swing."

Billie was in shock. "Did you really fuck over thirty guys?"

Tricia pondered the question for a minute and said, "I think it was more like forty. You see there were a couple of guys who weren't interested, but a lot of them came back for seconds.

"Once they got in a rhythm of fucking me from both sides, I was able to concentrate a little better. You see, if I concentrate, I can turn their offerings into sacrifices to the goddess. When I'm doing that, every load of cum I take into me becomes this energy I can use, either for my magic or just to keep going without getting tired or sore. So, gang bangs turn me into this fountain of sex magic. Isn't the goddess cool?"

Despite this "fountain" of sexual energy, it was pretty clear that Tricia still needed a rest. Billie was going to offer her the bunk, but Tricia was already asleep in the chair. Billie barred the door and tried to get some sleep on her own.

The voyage became pretty routine. One of the sailors would bring them two meals a day, but no one else was allowed to come to their room. Every day, usually mid-day, Tricia would go out and service as many of the men as wanted her. She was practically in love with the second mate and his big cock. She never learned to pronounce his name, so she just called him "Giant". 

Her other favorite was the cabin boy. Apparently he had a fairly sizable cock too, and Tricia just loved laying over a barrel and having him fuck her up the ass with his big cock. Billie was always curious if she loved the cock in her ass (she got a lot of those) or if she loved the attention, because every time the cabin boy was going to fuck her, the other sailors wanted to crowd around and watch. Several times, she came back absolutely covered in their cum after these sessions, so after about five days at sea, she started just going out there naked. No sense in dirtying her clothes.

Meanwhile, Billie worked with the waif. Surprisingly, once at sea, she was calm most of the time. Billie had taken her out of the manacles the next morning, but as of yet, the waif hadn't spoken. Billie knew she understood things, because she would nod and point, but she seemed to be a mute.

The only argument the women got into was when Tricia decided she was going to give the boys a treat and use the manacles on herself before going out there. She got mad at Billie for breaking them, but Billie hadn't touched them. They must have been some sort of toy, because what appeared to be iron was twisted and dented. Both blamed the other, but they were eventually forgotten.

Several times during the voyage, the captain had come to the room and taken Tricia away. She serviced him privately. She thought it was because he wasn't very big, and he didn't want the sailors to see him as weak.

That's what they assumed was happening when the captain came to the door and knocked. Tricia was ready to go with him, but he held up his hand. "We're pulling into port now ladies," he told them. "This is my home, and I cannot allow the scandal of disembarking with three whores on my vessel." Apparently, Tricia was less insulted by being called a whore than her high priestess had been.

Billie was palming one of her daggers, ready to kill the captain should he threaten them with any harm. "I will make arrangements for you to slip aboard one of the pilot vessels as it pulls alongside. Pack your things tightly, you may have to jump down five or six feet."

The women packed the few belongings they had and got up on the deck. Billie had gone back to wearing her cat suit most of the time, choosing to look more deadly than trashy. The waif had no other clothes, so had worn the borrowed hooker dress the entire voyage.

Up at the rail and ready to leap to the pilot vessel, the captain had the crew roughly grab the three women. Before Billie could get a weapon or throw a punch, three of the sailors hurled her overboard, quickly followed by the other two. Despite the rough treatment, they were only a few dozen yards from the shore, and each knew how to swim.

As they swam and then waded between the pylons of the port, they saw their ship tie up above them. While the entry to Cattaina was far less than they'd hoped, they were now safely ashore, and probably had not been noticed by anyone. That was probably worth something.