 Saban

It was a bad night. As I lay there in Marian's room, tightly bound and gagged, visions of what must be going on in Anita's room paraded through my head. Maybe, at this very moment, that bastard was licking her pussy, and then kissing her with slightly damp lips. Perhaps she was riding on top of him, impaled on his cock. Maybe they were-

I tried to drown out the thoughts by imagining what I would do to this Lord Umbron if I ever got the chance. First I would break both his legs, so he couldn't run, and his arms, so he couldn't even crawl away. Then... For a while I was lost in my own dark thoughts. I would make Anita watch as I did this. The look of horror and revulsion on her face-

Wasn't satisfying at all, for some reason. Quite the opposite, actually. The idea of hurting her like that bothered me. Perhaps I would let her look away, if she liked, as I tortured her lover. In fact, perhaps I could do this while she was somewhere else entirely. And not tell her about it. Ever. 

I blinked in confusion. Revenge was a traditional demonic pastime, but, for some reason, the idea of avenging myself on her, my Anita, wasn't pleasing me, angry as I was with her. Why? In fact, why was I angry at all? She was just having sex. Why did that mean anything to me? But the idea of her touching him, and letting him touch her, made me livid, and, despite my rage, I didn't want to hurt Anita. At all. Ever. Why?

It was morning now. Marian woke up, and a servant brought her breakfast. I wondered if she would unchain me. Probably not. Not without Anita. 

Through the bond, I felt Anita approaching. When she got close enough, I could feel that she was angry. At Umbron, perhaps? The idea pleased me. 

The door opened, and Anita stalked in. "Marian? Do me a favor. Next time I decide to spend quality time with Lord Umbron, remind me what an arrogant prick he is." 

Marian looked up from her breakfast, startled. "I take it last night didn't go well?" 

Anita sighed. "Last night? Last night went fine. Last night was great." 

I felt a surge of rage as visions of what last night must have entailed danced in my head. My chains rattled as I fought them. 

Anita continued, "It's this morning that was the problem."

"So he spent the night? What happened this morning?" Marian gestured to her bed. "Sit down, eat something, and tell me all about it." 

Anita sat and grabbed a sweet roll. She took a bite. It seemed to calm her somewhat. "So, yeah, he spent the night. When we woke up this morning, he wanted to go again, so I said ok, and we were just getting started when a servant boy walked in with breakfast." She growled. "Umbron hit him."

"I wouldn't be happy if someone walked in on me, either," Marian commented, brow furrowed. 

"Well, the kid was just doing his job. Granted, he should have knocked, but I, personally, think hitting him hard enough to break his nose was a little uncalled for."

"You're right, that was a bit much, if all he did was open the door," Marian said. "I take it you gave Lord Umbron a piece of your mind? And he didn't take it well?"

"Yeah, pretty much. We ended up having what basically amounted to a really heated debate on peasant rights. He tried to prove his point by ordering the kid to suck his dick. I kicked him out of my room." 

"I can't blame you. Is the kid ok?" Marian asked. 

"Yeah. I took him down to the palace healers and paid for a full healing before I came here." Anita put her head in her hands. "You know what really bothers me though? About the whole thing? More than Lord Umbon, or anything else?" 

Marian put her hand on Anita's shoulder. "What?" 

"The kid was going to do it. Suck Umbron's cock." 

Sensible of him, I thought. The best way to deal with a more powerful being was to acquiesce. It was the driving force behind demon society, such as it was. 

"Marian, I just... Well, I don't know anymore. My parents, especially my father, brought me up to believe that everyone is equal. Some people are born with more money, or power, but that doesn't... That doesn't change the fundamental personness of a person. You know?" Anita sighed. "Am I actually making any sense?" 

Not really, I thought. 

Marian nodded. "I get you. It's like you always say, what a person is capable of doesn't define who they are." 

Anita nodded. "Exactly. And I understand it when people like Umbron think they're better, more important, than other people. It's kind of, like, natural, for a person to think like that. I hate it, but I understand. What I don't get, what bothers me, is when other people believe people like Umbron, believe that he's on top, and they're on bottom, and stuff. It just..." Anita shook her head. "It doesn't make sense to me. Humbleness? Like the reverse of pride, or maybe just a different kind of pride, or something like that."

Marian gave her a quick hug. "I know. I grew up a noble, remember? You see a lot of that sort of class consciousness in servants. I never did get it myself. But it's how people are. And you can't change that." 

Anita looked thoughtful for a second, and then shook her head. "No. No, you can't change how people are. Even if you could, it wouldn't be right. Even if it would fix things." 

Mortals. So sentimental, I thought. So hung up on guilt and what was 'right.' But I wouldn't have them any other way. It made them so much easier to manipulate. 

Anita looked down at me. "Did he keep you awake at all?" 

Marian shook her head. "Quiet as a temple mouse." 

"Good. So, what are the plans for the day?" 

Anita

I yawned, exhausted, as I handed my reins to a stablehand. I hated hunting. I really, really hated hunting. If it were anything less than my best friend's life on the line, or if the king hadn't been attending the hunt, I would have made an excuse not to come. On the plus side, Saban had been a sight to see, with his perfect ass, running down a stag, and bringing it back to throw at the feet of my horse. And his impressive performance had led the king, mostly sober for once, to seek me out and chat with me. I had been able to mention the matter of Marian's special dispensation, and he had promised to look into it. I looked over to my familiar. "You've earned your feeding this evening, demon." 

His eyes gleamed. "Does that mean-" 

"Yes. When we get to the room," I promised as I smiled as waved at Marian and her parents. They were having a private family dinner this evening. 

I stopped by the kitchens to grab some dinner. Might as well save the servants the trip. Then I headed up to my room, with my demon behind me. 

I closed and magically sealed the door, and then turned to my familiar. "You know the drill," I told him. "Turn around with your hands behind you." Grudgingly, he obeyed. 

Once I had chained his wrists and ankles, I made him lie down on the bed. He acquiesced readily, eyes gleaming. Somehow I was no longer so tired as I had been immediately after the hunt. 

Mounting Saban on a bed, as opposed to in the woods, felt different. More intimate. It made me a little nervous as I lowered myself onto Saban's face. As he began to lick me, I closed my eyes. His rough penetration of my pussy with his tongue, combined with his continual attention to my clit, made me moan. I was ready very quickly indeed, but I waited a bit longer, until I was almost about to cum, to disengage myself from his tongue. 

As I lifted myself away from Saban's busy mouth, he growled and fought his restraints, trying to follow me. "Calm down," I told him. "I'm not ending the feeding. I'm just moving." Saban quieted. 

With a quiver of pure pleasure, I began to lower myself onto the demon's cock. He immediately thrust upward, filling me completely. I yelped in surprise, and then yelped again as he immediately began to move within me at an almost painful pace. With a shudder and a cry, I began to cum. 

Abruptly there was a snapping noise, and then another. Before I could wonder what it was, before I could even come out of my orgasm, Saban's hands were out from behind his back. 

One swiftly captured both my wrists. With the other, Saban grabbed me by the hair and forced my mouth, still open in an orgasmic yell, against his. His tongue quickly surged between my lips, preventing me from speaking. 

As I began to come down from the high of orgasm, I was flipped over on my back so Saban was on top of me, pinning me down. He tangled his legs around mine, preventing me from kicking. I began thrash frantically, trying to get free. With my wrists caught, and my mouth full of Saban's tongue, there was little I could do. I began to form a spell in my mind, one that wouldn't require gesture or voice, to send Saban flying across the room. 

However, Saban was making it very difficult to concentrate. The way his tongue moved against mine, and the pressure against my clit, were very distracting. When he began to gyrate his hips against mine, moving his cock within me, I almost lost the spell. And I would lose the spell if he kept this up. I was going to... I was gonna... 

I came. My scream was muffled, and my movements confined, but I was cumming all the same. I lost the spell. Panic, oddly enough, added fuel to the fire, lengthening my orgasm. "Mmmmmmmm!"

When the overwhelming pleasure finally subsided, I began to form the spell again. This would be my last chance. My power reserves were low. Next time I came, Saban would drain my magic dry. I would be helpless. The binding on him that kept him from harming me would break. I had no doubt he would start draining my life force then, as slowly as he knew how. When that was gone, I would die. 

I was fighting to form the spell, and, at the same time, fighting to force down the growing heat in my nether regions as Saban stimulated me mercilessly. He wasn't taking much magic, oddly enough. Probably waiting for the big finish. I whimpered as he pulled out of me to rub the tip of his cock against my clit. I didn't have much longer. 

Fortunately, I didn't need much longer. I unleashed the spell, and Saban went flying across the room to slam against the opposite wall. "Freeze!" I ordered him. He fought to move, to come pin me down once more. I glared at him. After what felt like an eternity of mental struggle, he stopped fighting, and lay frozen on the floor. 

I stood, ignoring the parts of me longing for another orgasm. The remains of Saban's chains lay on the bed. They, and the spell that reinforced them, were shredded. I shuddered. If I had been just a bit slower in forming the telekinesis spell... But I hadn't been. And that was what mattered. 

I clenched my fist. Saban, still unable to move, moaned. "Thanks to that little stunt," I told him, "I am never, ever going to let you bring me to orgasm again. You will still be allowed to feed by pleasuring me, but you will never, ever taste my magic as I cum again. This isn't just a punishment. It's a natural consequence. I no longer feel safe letting you make me cum. Are we clear?" I released Saban. 

He sighed in relief as the pain subsided. "I understand," he said. He looked up at me. "You will regret it."

"I would regret it a lot more if you'd managed to kill me," I told him evenly. 

"I wasn't-" Saban began. I clenched my fist. He whimpered once, and was silent. I released him. 

"As I have said before, never, ever lie to me," I told him. "You might not have been planning to kill me immediately, but you would have eventually gotten around to it." 

Saban

It was useless to protest that I would never dream of hurting her. She wouldn't believe it. Hell, I had a hard time believing it myself sometimes. I wasn't sure exactly what I had planned on doing once I had drained all of Anita's magic, but I wouldn't have touched her lifeforce.

Anita informed me that we were leaving the capital tonight, and bound me in a spare set of chains as she began to pack. I could tell by the way she was looking at me that she was expecting me to break these, too. And I could have, if I'd wanted. Now that I'd broken the chain spell once, I knew where it was weak, and could break it again much more easily. But I didn't want to. Not right now. It would serve no purpose. 

I remembered the sudden sense of freedom as I had broken the chains that first time, and then the surge of joy as the other set broke as well. I remembered the feeling of Anita, fully in my power, thrashing beneath me in a mixture of fear and pleasure. And, best of all, I remembered the taste of her magic as I forced her to cum. 

I also remembered how much weaker the other set of chains had gotten once I had broken the first. Was that suppose to happen? My knowledge of the more intricate aspects of magic was limited, but I knew some. A spell like that would be crafted so that, if one part failed, the other would get stronger as the remains of the first part reinforced the second. 

This seemed like something Anita should know. "Mistress-" I began. 

Anita silenced me with a glare and a partially clenched fist. "I'd really rather not talk to you right now. If you know what's good for you, you'll be quiet."

"It's important," I insisted. 

"It had better be," my mistress warned. 

"The set of chains around my arms were easier to break once I broke the ones around my legs," I informed her. "Is that important enough for you?" 

Anita went to examine the shackles where they lay on the bed. Her eyes glowed briefly as she examined the spell in more detail. She turned pale. "Fuck." She turned to me, suspicion in her eyes. "Why are you telling me this?" 

I shrugged as best I could from my position on the floor. "It seemed like something you ought to know." 

She examined the chains I was wearing, eyes glowing once more. I considered breaking free and overpowering her, then and there, but decided against it. Her power flexed, and suddenly the chains were just a bit more difficult to get out of. I would still be able to do it, but it would take a little more time and effort. 

"The chains were sabotaged," she told me, still suspicious. "Very subtly. I wouldn't have known if you hadn't told me what to look for. Why?" 

"Why does anyone sabotage something like this?" I asked. "They wanted you dead." 

"I know that. What I want to know is, why warn me about the sabotaged chains? What's in it for you? It seems a little counterproductive, you telling me this," she said, eyes narrowed. 

I met her gazed. "It seemed like something you ought to know," I repeated. In truth, it was all about lulling her into a false sense of security. Well, mostly about that. Partially. A little. It was mostly because some part of me honestly felt I ought to tell her things like this. It was... An odd feeling. 

Anita sighed. "Whatever your game is, it won't work, demon. But enough of this. I have packing to do." 

As I watched her pack, I wondered what would happen, what she would do, if she found out I was a demon lord. I imagined her look of panic, horror, and regret. She would immediately dismiss me, of course. When she first summoned me, that was all I wanted. Then I wanted to stick around to get my revenge, and being dismissed would have been irritating. And now... Now the idea of her dismissing me sent a jolt of panic through my mind. I didn't want to leave her. I wanted to be with her, to have and to hold her, to protect her. If she ever found out what I really was...