 Ryu's POV

My eyes fluttered open as the alarm on my clock rang. It was already 6:00AM, which meant it was time for me to get up. Lifting my hand up, I slammed the snooze button on the top, only for the clock to smash into pieces. I groaned in anger as I clenched my hand in ire. 

That was the third clock this week. If I didn't have my strength under control, then I'll be losing money fast. I scolded myself mentally with a wanly expression.

Moving my sheets away from me, I got up and walked out of my room, albeit groggily and uncoordinated. I was the first one up and thanks to that, I was always the first one to use the bathroom. After taking a shower and getting dressed in my red Flash shirt and sweatpants, I made coffee and poured myself a bowl of cereal before plopping on the couch in front of the TV.

This was usually the time Doctor Who came on at BBC America and once I turned the television on, I sat back and enjoyed the show as I ate my breakfast. I heard one of the doors opening and walking out was Jessica in her black t-shirt and violet pajama with tiny skulls all over.

"By Danu, you really get up early, don't you?" she stated rhetorically, yawning while stretching her arms. The sight of it her top moving up a bit was hard not to ignore as my face turned a little red.

I glanced at her strolling over to the fridge as she opened it and took out a blood pack, sticking a straw in the top and taking a sip. She sauntered over and sat right next to me with her feet on the coffee table.

"So, what are we watching today?" she inquired placidly, taking another sip before letting out a relaxing sigh.

I answered without turning away from the screen, "I'm watching Doctor Who, episode 82 and featuring Tom Baker as the Fourth Doctor." My face was placid throughout the entire sentence.

"Again? Don't you ever get tired of this show?"

"Never!"

"Well, can I watch something, instead? VH1 Classic is playing a Classic Rock music video marathon and I want to catch up on my classic rock stars before heading to work."

I wanted to protest against it, as I didn't want to relinquish the remote. However, since Jessica was a vampire and I didn't want to face the consequences of having my blood drained, I quickly complied and watched the screen change to another station, and we spent the next four minutes listening to White Wedding by Billy Idol.

Then the second door opened and out came Cristina whose yes were still shut as she sluggishly stammered across the living room.

"Morning guys," she greeted in a slur. 

She fell onto the couch with her face against my crotch while her thighs landed on Jessica's lap. If my face wasn't redder, then it just gotten to that point. Jessica and I were taken aback by this action with our hands away. We tried to wake her up by rocking her back and forth, but that was just fruitless and all it did was made her toss and turn. Leaning back up, he reached over and took my mug before drinking what iota of coffee remained.

When she finally came to, she quickly got up with her face flustered and sat properly in the middle of the couch.

"Glad to see you're fully awake," Jessica mused with a grin.

"Can we, like, please pretend that never happened?" the tone of her voice was meek and abashed with her face downcast at her knees.

"So, are we, like, watching Doctor Who again because that show is totes confusing," she questioned with a glazed look in her eyes.

I shook my head and answered, "No. We're watching VH1 Classics today."

Cristina shrugged her shoulders and idly watched the screen. As guess, to her, anything was better than watching morning Sci-Fi shows.

Turning her attention, she noticed something on the floor. Getting up from the couch, Cristina moseyed over and squatted down in front of it.

"Hey guys. Did you know there is a deep footprint on the floor?" She pointed out. My face immediately turned white as I shook nervously.

Somehow, I knew stomping my foot hard on the ground in anger would come back to haunt me. Then I saw Jessica standing up and walking over as she looked down with her eyebrows raised.

"Hey, you're right. Ryu, did you make this print?" Jessica accused as she turned attention back to me with a scowl.

It was too late to say "I didn't" and I didn't have time to make an excuse. So, I just confessed as I took a deep breath and sighed, "Yes, I did. You caught me red handed." I raised my hands and mused with a weak grin.

Jessica and Cristina appeared baffled as they stared at me, but brushed it off as they returned to their respected seats.

"Sometimes, Ryu, you really surprise me with that strength of yours," Jessica remarked as she chuckled.

Ever since I moved in, I had tried my best to control my strength, so to not cause further damage. Unfortunately, my roommates had already discovered my strength on the first day we' all moved in and I had to make the excuse that I was just "born with it". However, if they learned the truth, they probably wouldn't understand, even if they were liminals, or monsters.

Just then, I looked at the clock and saw that it was almost 8:00AM. My face contorted in shock, sprinting up out of the couch and sprinting back into my room. I shouted in angst, "Holy shit! Look at the time! I'm almost late for work!"

I wasn't the only one. Jessica saw the time, as well, and retreated into her room also to get ready. The only person not going back into their rooms was Cristina, as her classes didn't start until twelve in the afternoon. Honestly, with her body, I assumed she was a pornstar. I never thought she was a college student before she told us.

I came out after changing my sweatpants to my blue jeans and headed straight out the door.

30-minutes-later, after taking the bus, I managed to get to work as fast as possible. I had recently got a job at the local bookstore and tried my best to work hard and make enough money to survive. The speakers around me were playing the hits of the 1960s when I came in, starting from the Beatles to the Beach Boys, while noticing the color of salmon that covered the walls.

I was tasked with restocking the Erotic fiction section in the west wing, placing book after book on each shelf in alphabetical order by author's last names. Then I stopped and stared at the covers, becoming surprised as the women morphed into my roommates. I believed this was a product of sexual frustration in response to living with two women, especially when they prance around half-naked.

"Hey, man, are you okay?" I snapped out of my fantasy as I turned around. Standing in front of me was my co-worker Carlos Fernandez with his yellow polo shirt and khakis.

I rubbed my eyes and groaned. I replied, "Yeah, sorry. I'm just...tired." Maybe, I should've phrased that better.

He smiled slyly and teased, "having fun with those roommates of yours, huh?" I could tell that he was thinking something dirty from the look on his face.

"No. It is nothing like that and I would never do something like that to them," I deadpanned.

Readjusting his glasses, he glared at me annoyingly before he complained, "Oh, come on! Why not! You have two scolding hot roommates and you never thought of jumping at them?! I know you've been living with them for a short time, but you could at least tell that they want to jump at you, too!"

"Carlos, the concept of an intimate relationship formed by roommates of the opposite sex is the premise of half of every sitcom from the 70s to the 90s. If I wanted to fulfill that cliché, I would have solidate it from day three, but I didn't, and I don't want to violate the roommate agreement," I explained in a monotonous tone while retaining a stoic expression. I continued, "Besides, I live with a vampire girl and a werewolf girl. If I did jump at them and have my way, then they would tear me limb from limb."

Crushing the bridge between his eyes, Carlos shook his head and grimaced. He stated in a loud voice, "There you go being all analytical, again. Seriously, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. You should seize the day and I think your roommates are feeling the same about you."

"You're delusional."

"I know I am, but have I ever been wrong before?"

Yes, he has, but maybe this time he might be right. However, I couldn't confirm to it until I have all of the facts straighten, as a theory cannot be formed without any facts or figures.

"Mr. Fernandez and Mr. Bushi. May I have a word with you?" standing before us, we saw a short pudgy man with a bald spot and a small mustache who had both hands behind his back.

Arching a brow, I inquired, "What is it, boss?"

Brushing his mustache with his finger, the boss furrowed his brow and turned his attention back to us. He answered in a soft, professional tone, "As you are aware, the Apollo Bookstore has become shorthanded in staff lately with you two and Lucy being the only ones available today. So, I was able to hire us a new addition to the team." the boss waved an inviting hand behind him and wait for someone to comply.

My face contorted in consternation when a young woman walked out from behind the bookshelves. The boss addressed, "Boys, this is Elizabeth Crenshaw and from today onward, she will be a new addition to this family. Make sure you show her the ropes and if there are any problems, come talk to me."

The woman was in her twenties and was about an inch taller than me, having long blonde hair, amber eyes, and peach-colored skin. She was dressed in a thin purple tank top over a white V-neck top that exposed her cleavage and midriff, a pair of blue skinny jeans that showed her red whale tail, a pair of sunglasses over her eyes with her spaghetti strapped purse over her right shoulder, and a pair of high-heeled wedge sandals on her feet.

Oh no, not her. What is she doing here? My thoughts were filled with dreads as I glared at her. She walked up to us, swaggering her legs like as if she was on a catwalk.

"Hi. My name is Carlos Fernandez. It's nice to meet you," he greeted formally. He flashed a polite grin while extending his right hand. 

I could tell from the look in his eye, he plotted to score with her, but that would be achieving the impossible.

Taking her sunglasses off and putting them in her purse, she examined the boy from head to toe. Then she said, "Your name is Fernandez, yet you look white. Aren't you supposed to be tan if you're from South America?"

That's when Carlos's smile faded into a deadpanned. Because of his name, he constantly receives remarks from that. He corrected her, "Actually, I'm from Puerto Rico and the idea that all Latin Americans being tanned is a common misconception as some of us are white."

However, she soon walked passed him while waving a dismissive hand. She stated, "Yeah, whatever. I'm not concern with learning about you' all since I'm not going to be here for long." Honestly, if she didn't want to learn anything from him, then why did she even ask? She started looking over all of the books, flashing looks of both curiosity and disgust, before glance at me with a look of remembrance. 

I sighed in relief when she looked away, meaning that the princess doesn't remember me from anywhere, which was lucky for me, as it would cause trouble.

"Anyway, this is Ryu Bushi. He and I will be showing you which book goes where and we'll tell you what to do afterward," Carlos said. His tone fell monotonously as he flashed an irritated glare at the princess.

Her eyes widened as she turned to me. Her jaw fell almost to the ground while taking a step back. She exclaimed as she pointed an index finger, "Wait! Ryu Bushi!? What the hell are you doing here?!"

"Well, it's nice to see you again, also, Lizzy," I remarked sarcastically, having a grave face while crossing my arms.

Lizzy face-palmed and growled, stating, "It's worse that I have to live in a city full of freaks. Now, I have to work with the biggest freak of them all."

"Hold on, you know this girl, Ryu?!" said Carlos. He was completely flabbergasted as he looked back and forth from me to Elizabeth.

"Yeah, we use to go to the same high school in Raleigh. She was the alpha of the popular clique, but it seems guess you piqued after graduation," I sassed with a sly grin.

Elizabeth sneered while placing a hand on her hip. She hissed, "Oh, shut up. Like you're no different from me. You're working in this dump, also."

"Yes, but unlike you, this is only a part-time job while I'm working to get my master's degree at the UNC Chapel Hill," I countered with a bleak expression. I rubbed my chin and pondered as a thought came to me. "What really puzzles me is why the heiress of one of the richest families in North Carolina is working at such a such a place, or generally working at all?"

I noticed her eyes darted left and right, seeing the beads of sweat falling from her forehead as she mumbled an explanation. Seeing that, my deduction was made clear. 

Pointing my finger, I exclaimed with a half-hearted grin, "Of course! It all makes sense! The reason why you're working here is because your father cut you off, isn't it?!" 

Elizabeth didn't say anything. Instead, she just fumed and stomped away from us. Carlos appeared to be confused by what was happening.

"Umm...what was that about?" Carlos said in a confused manner.

I quickly introverted as I rubbed the back of my head. I replied with a slight chuckle, "It's a long story. I'll tell you about during our break. Right now, we better get back to work before the boss gets mad."

"What about Elizabeth? We're supposed to be in charge of her," he pointed out.

Waving a nonchalant hand, I stated, "Don't worry. She'll come back once she cools down. She acted the same way every time she was humiliated back in high school."

Although I took delight in humiliating the heiress, something told me that this wasn't the end to our confrontation.

-------------------------

Jessica's POV

I walked into the Haven music store, folding my umbrella and placing it in the bin next to the door. Being a vampire, the sun was always a hassle for every time I'm exposed to its' rays, I get weaker and it feels like my skin and eyes are on fire. I took my place at the check-out counter, watching as every customer walked in and out, having purchased any CD, or instrument, they came in for. However, by the afternoon, the number of patron started to decrease.

Throughout the entire time, I sat with a bored expression while having my head lifted up by the elbow on the counter. I looked at the time and became a little miffed at how slow the day was, wanting it to end and go home.

By the goddess, when is this day going to end?! I sighed as my lips pursed. 

Suddenly, I felt a pair of hands caress across the front of my monochrome shirt from behind me, rubbing against my chest as they groped my breasts. Then I felt someone blowing against the back of my ear in an amorous manner. My body tensed up as my face glowed crimson red.

"Feeling a little bored, are we?" I turned around and was met face-to-face with my boss, Zandra Harri. 

I pulled away from her, leaning my back against the cash register and flashing a nervous smile. I replied, "N-no! I'm just tired! It's been a long day and I didn't really get any sleep last night!"

She stared at me with her large singular eyes. I could feel her gaze piercing through my façade, which is extremely difficult to hold up when your boss is a Cyclops.

Smiling, she traced a hand through my hair as she twirled her dyed-blue hair flirtatiously. She suggested in a coquettish demeanor, "Well, maybe I can help boost your morale a bit. How about in the supply closet where no one can bother us?"

I quivered as my body tensed even more than usual. Waving my hands, I denied her offer, saying, "That's okay! You don't have to do that! I'm not that tired and I could just take my break if that's okay?!"

With that, I quickly slid pass my boss and headed out the front door, leaving my boss baffled and surprised behind. I sat on the bench in front of the store. Luckily, the bench was covered. So, I didn't have to worry about the sun since I had left my umbrella inside. Letting out a sigh, I spent the rest of my break cathartically purging what had happened in the shop. Ever since I started working at the shop, my boss always harassed me in the most provocative manner, even going so far as to invite me to "ease my frustrations". You would think that because she was my boss, she could just force me to sleep with her. I believe she doesn't want to cross that line out of the fact she knows I'm a vampire and that she's afraid that I might kill her, or that I might sue her for sexual molestation. Luckily, it hasn't gotten too serious and it's mostly flirting and touching.

After my 5-minute break was up, I went back inside and resumed working until it was time to go home. However, before I could return to my station, Zandra stood against the counter as if she was waiting for me.

"Hey, Jess. I decided to close the store early since it's been slow," she announced. She had both of her thumbs stuck into her thick brown belt that held her cargo pants up while crossing her legs.

"Really?" I said inquisitively.

"Really. Besides, you did say you didn't get any sleep. So, this is the perfect opportunity for you to go and get some rest," stated Zandra in a friendly tone. I watched her walk up and wrapped her arms around my neck, bringing my head to her chest as she blushingly grinned. She added, "Also, if you feel really tired tomorrow, you and I can have some fun together in the store."

My face fell in a worried expression and my cheeks turned even redder than before. I cringed when I felt my boss' hand going down my pants, gingerly rubbing her fingers between my butt crack as she touched against my womanhood through my panties. This was starting to get out of hand and I could tell that Zandra was losing her grip from the lustful way she glared at me. Pushing my boss back, I quickly sprint out the door and headed straight home.

20-minutes-later...

Slamming the door behind me, I went into my room and landed on my bed, feeling the shame wash all over my body. It was so embarrassing, getting felt up by my own boss and having her touching me all over. Not just that, but I left feeling on edge, making it very uncomfortable downstairs. So, for the last 15 minutes, I went with the motion and took off my ripped jeans and my top and reached my hand into the front of my panties as it caressed against the lips of my womanhood. I moved my fingers in and out, feeling my breath getting heavier with each thrust. Then an image appeared in my mind. No. It wasn't my boss, but someone else.

"Ryu!" I gasped under my breath. 

My hand motion increased faster, reaching to the breaking point as I rubbed my nipples. This was the first time I had ever felt such pleasure, never wanting it to end as I pictured the human boy holding me and kissing my lips; then my neck, feeling him thrusting his hips as his manhood penetrated me in such a slow pace. I even visualized myself sinking my fangs into his neck, becoming even more turned on by the trickle of blood that came out before feeling him climaxed. I ejaculated on my bed, inhaling and exhaling as my heartbeat calmed down. Sighing, I looked at my hand, seeing how my fluids trickled from my fingertips. The shame from before had disappeared, but a new wave of shame arose as my face fell into a somber demeanor.

What the hell is wrong with me?

Suddenly, I heard the front door opened and heard footsteps coming in as I heard Ryu's voice shout, "I'm home!" this caused me to jump out of bed and put my clothes back on before heading out of my room.

--------------------------

Cristina's POV

I was sitting in class, in the second seat of the third row. Today, my professor was lecturing us about fashions of the 18th century England. It was totes boring because I thought, like, a history of fashion would be more, I don't know, colorful. Instead, it's all about talking! Class was about to be over and I spent the last few minutes sketching in my notebook.
