 The three of us sat around the remains of what was the granite table, sitting with our legs crossed with the box of pizza placed in front of us. There wasn't enough room for the box on the coffee table as it was already covered in our crap, i.e. magazines, a fern, coasters, and the TV remote. So, the kitchen was our only option to eat at. On our laps, we were holding paper plates to eat on as none of us felt like doing the dishes today. Cristina had the meat-lover, Jessica had the vegetarian, and I had the pineapple and pepperoni. However, there was an air of silence hovering over our heads as no one uttered a word while we ate.

"So, Ryu, are you going to tell us what happened at work?" Jessica said in a quizzical manner. She took a sip from her glass full of blood before taking another bite.

"What are you talking about? Why do you assume something happened at work?" I asked while pleading ignorance. My face was blank as I turned to her.

"Ryu, ever since you came home and when we started eating, you had the same irked expression on your face," Jessica pointed out while arching an eyebrow. She was staring at me with analytical eyes and from the way she thoroughly stared; I could tell that there was no getting by her. "Are you going to tell us what happened, or not?"

Rubbing my fingers against my eyes, I sighed in frustration as I put my plate down. I answered in a deadpanned tone, "My boss hired a new girl at my workplace."

"And you want to ask her out, right?" Cristina interjected quizzically. She smiled affectionately as she gave me a wink. "Like, if you want some dating advice, I could totes give you some."

I glared at the werewolf girl, feeling a bit annoyed before turning my attention to Jessica. However, I was a little unnerved by the searing glare she was giving me while noticing how red her cheeks were.

Waving my hands, I flashed a disgusted expression as I moved my eyes at the both of them. I corrected in an erratic tone, "God, no! That's not what I meant! I'm trying to say that I abhor this girl because I know her!"

Jessica and Cristina looked at me with a perplexed and surprised look on their faces. The vampire girl leaned forward, moving a hair from her vision as her face became slack-jawed. She questioned in a slow demeanor, "Why do you hate this girl?"

"Her name is Elizabeth Crenshaw and she use to be my high school bully," I stated as I pinched the bridge of my nose. My face fell into a bilious expression as my hands fell to my lap. I continued, "You know that movie Mean Girls? Well, she was like the main antagonist of the film and my school's typical 'mean girl'. When I attended Raleigh Academy, she and her followers attacked anyone who was 'out of place', as in people who weren't rich and got in through skills, ingenuity, and intelligence. Unfortunately, that makes you a target to some of the rich students who got in through wealth and prestige." Jessica and Cristina looked at each other before flashing pair of sympathetic eyes at me.

Flashing a pair of puppy dog eyes, Cristina said in a comforting, yet exaggerative manner, "that's horrible! They just, like, bullied you just because of your smarts and talents?! That is so messed up!" she then waved a finger dismissively at the end.

Sighing with almost all of the air from my lungs, my lips pursed before trailing both hands down my face. I added in a downtrodden tone of voice, "Yeah, but my nightmare wasn't even over with because she's now working at my place of business and if that isn't bad enough, she's barely did any of the work. My co-worker Carlos and I were tasked with directing her to the basics on what to do throughout the store and she complained throughout the entire course like a princess." Taking another bite in frustration, I continued with my mouth full, "Not only that, but when we were working, she was extremely disrespectful to the customers, making remarks of their weight, or clothing, or anything else that caught her eye."

"That's terrible. Didn't you tell your boss about this?" said Jessica in concern.

"I would, but I'm afraid that she has my boss wrapped around her fingers," I groaned with a somber expression.

Cristina smiled positively. She remarked as her breasts bounce with a chipper, "Don't worry, Ryu. I'm sure that tomorrow will be, like, totally different, but in a good way."

Despite how idealistic her remark was, I enjoyed the positivity she had given me. I simply smiled and nodded in response. Then I asked, "So, what about you guys? How was your day?"

Jessica was the first to answer, albeit with her face turned a little red. She said in an agitated manner, "My boss was at it again, this afternoon. She had her hands all over my body and I'm afraid that she won't be able to hold back." Her arms wrapped around her own body in emphasis as her lips pouted in sadness. "Sometimes, I'm glad that she's hesitating, thinking I'll probably kill her or in a more civilized sense, sue her for sexual harassment. However, I'm afraid she's starting to catch on that I won't hurt her, which is why she's isn't holding back, but she knows that I'll still charge her."

When she finished, Jessica looked up and was taken aback. Cristina's face flushed as she held hands up to her mouth in a bashful gasp. I, on the other hand, tried to remain as stoic and featureless as possible, albeit with my face turning red while blood started dripping through the nostrils.

"W-what about you, Cristina? I'm sure your day was much more...ecstatic and bizarre than ours," Jessica remarked with a trail in her voice.

"Well, it's not as crazy like yours or Ryu's, but it was totes humiliating," Stated Cristina with a pursed lips. Placing both hands on her lap, she shrugged her shoulders as she smiled awkwardly.

She continued before flashing a despondent look, "In my history of fashion class, there is this girl who, like, treats me horribly and I don't even know why?!"

I rubbed my forehead and asked, "What's her name?"

"Her name is Zoey weber and she's, like, super-smart. Maybe, even smarter than you Ryu." I doubted that as I rolled my eyes sarcastically. She added, "Like, ever since I started coming to class, she treats me like I'm stupid by answering the questions I got incorrectly, correctly and then smirks at me when the professor praises her like she's rubbing it in my face! It's just completely crae!"

Rubbing my chin, I contemplated as I huffed through my nostrils. I said with a blank expression, "The great philosopher, Friedrich Nietzsche, once said that 'Arrogance on the part of the meritorious is even more offensive to us than the arrogance of those without merit: for merit itself is offensive'."

"...And what does that, like, mean?" Cristina questioned with an arched brow.

"It means that the merit Zoey receives is based on your failure to properly participate in your academics and it only fuels her more. Because of that, this takes condescending amusement in your simple-mindedness, treating you and your bubbly demeanor in such a way as a means to stroke her own bloated ego," I lectured in a stern manner, having my brows furrowed while gesturing a hand at Cristina. I couldn't tell if she was annoyed or perplexed by the face she was making, but my tactlessness may have probably offended her. "The only way to beat this girl is to show that you are not the weakest link. Instead of sketching stuff in your notebook, maybe you should use that notebook to actually take notes. That way, you can be prepared to give Zoey her comeuppance."

She sighed in aggravation, crossing her arms before rolling her eyes passively. She retorted, "God. You sound just like my teacher, and how did you know I sketch in my book?"

"You left it on the coffee table on day two and I couldn't help but examine its contents," I answered straightforwardly.

Jessica nudged at the werewolf girl and smirked, saying, "He has a point, Cristina. You haven't really been doing so well since you transferred and that's affecting your grades significantly." Then she finished with an analytical glare.

"Oh, fine! I'll do better in class!" she finally agreed. Cristina's head soon hung low as she sighed.

Suddenly, her face lit up as she informed us, "On the bright side, someone in my philosophy class asked me out!"

"Really?!" said Jessica and I in unison.

That's when Cristina explained to us the situation. According to her, a "cute boy" who was sitting next to her asked her out to eat at the most popular steakhouse in Haven. She accepted his offer and is going tomorrow on Saturday, at around 5:00PM.

After we finished our dinner, we threw away the pizza box and paper plates, and got ready for bed. Despite tomorrow being Saturday, only Jessica and I still have work and we needed to get up and early.

The next day, I was getting ready for work, having put my pants on and placing my wallet in my pocket. 

"I'm heading out, you guys!" I yelled. Then I walked out the door and headed to the bus stop.

However, something was odd about my workplace. Walking through the doors, I noticed how while Carlos and Lucy was working; Elizabeth was nowhere to be seen as the cash register was empty and there was already a long line of customers waiting for their books to be purchased.

I walked up to Carlos who was busy sorting the Sci-Fi section while flashing an irked expression. I asked, "Carlos, where the hell is Liz?! She's suppose to be at her post and the customers are getting quite ornery!"

"Liz is on her 20 minute break! Boss says you're running the register until her break is over," he answered. I could tell from the tone in his voice that he was just as frustrated as I was.

I wanted to say something but I gave up and headed straight to the register. The time flew by and my ire was starting to arise. After I had checked out all of the customers in line and sorted out all of the money before putting it in the register, I sighed and leaned back against the stool I was sitting on, praying for sweet blissful death to come and take me away.

"Horrible day, don't ya think?"

I leaned back up and saw Lucy Lee standing in front of me with her elbows on the counter.

She had long black hair that reached her back with one bang over her eye, a pair of brown eyes, and tanned skin. She was dressed in a teal polo shirt with a silver bracelet around her right wrist, a red short skirt with two belts around her waist, and a pair of matching teal sneakers.

Rubbing my temples, I remarked, "I've had worse days, but this is just too much. How the hell did Elizabeth get away with this?"

"I don't know, Ryu, but it's messed up. I think she might have done something to the boss to get those extra minutes," Lucy commented with a groan.

Trailing a hand against my face, I pinched the bridge of my eyes, saying in remembrance, "Yeah, this isn't the first time she's done this. In high school, she used to make half the smart members of the male student body to do her homework and I think she even blew some of the teachers to give her a passing grade, even after obviously failing her exams."

"How do you even know that," she asked while arching a brow.

"Because I watched as some of my friends were forced to do her homework and in math class, I saw her walked in and the only thing I heard coming out was panting and moaning," I answered with a deadpanned glare. Lucy's face immediately turned red at the end of the sentence.

Slamming my hands against the counter, I stood up and walked out, leaving a baffled Lucy behind. I said in aggravation, "That's it! I'm going to have a word with the princess!"

I walked through the back of the store, heading into the break room before closing the door behind me. There, I saw Elizabeth sitting at the break table as she played on her phone.

She noticed me come in and smirked. Putting her phone back in her purse, she asked, "What do you want freak?"

"I know you seduced the boss to get your way, Liz," I accused, acting as stone-faced as possible.

"Oh no! Please, don't tell the authorities! A tiny beautiful girl like me won't survive!" she mocked as she chuckled.

I fumed as I stared daggers at her. Standing up out of her chair, she was about to walk out of the room. I turned and shouted, "You are never going to get away with this, Liz. One of these days, you are going to have your comeuppance and when you fly so far to the sun, you're wax wings re going to melt and you're going to burn!"

Looking back at me and walking back, she placed a hand on her shoulder and whispered, "Keep telling yourself that, but you know that everything always goes my way. No matter who or what stands in my way, I always get what I want." Patting me on the back, she left with that evil grin of her face.

Elizabeth had left early to do god-knows-what, another perk she got from the boss, leaving me alone with my thoughts. Not again. This can't happen again. It was high school all over again and I can't stand the fact of that demon woman making my life a living hell. My teeth gritted together as I began to breathe heavily. Clenching my fists, I screamed as I slammed them into the table, causing the wooden surface to break in half. I'm going to have to explain that to the boss later in the afternoon. For now, I would have to do my job as if nothing had happened.

It was almost five o'clock and about time to go home. I had finished restacking the bookshelves and had finished working at the cash register. Today was the most downtrodden I had ever had as the store was packed. 

I didn't come home until around seven and when I went home, all I could do was plop onto the couch with my pants off and was about to take a nap. Since I was alone, being pants less wasn't a problem. Unfortunately, I found out wasn't alone. I jumped when I heard the bathroom door fly open and walking out was Jessica, wearing only a bath towel as she dried her hair. It barely covered the waist area, which gave me a clear view of her rear.

"I didn't know you have a tattoo?" clear as day on her right cheek, an image of a dagger wrapped in roses.

She gasped and turned, noticing me on the couch as I stared at her. I knew it was stupid of me to give myself away but I couldn't help pointing out the obvious.

"Ryu?! What the hell?!" she screamed. Jessica tried to cover herself as she was taken aback.

I leaned up and stretched. Having a placid expression, I replied, "Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. I just got home and I wanted to crash on the couch."

Seething in anger, Jessica bared her fangs as her eyes matched the color of her face. She stated, "That doesn't excuse you for looking at my butt!" 

Suddenly, we both heard a car roaming into the parking lot. Looking out the window, we saw Cristina coming out of a blue Chevrolet with her date while I tried to avoid looking at Jessica's cleavage. From the way they were smiling and laughing, it seemed to have gone well. Then we watched them kiss. 

Traditionally, this was the part where the man makes his leave while the lady returns home. Sadly, that all fell apart when the man started getting fresh with her, grabbing Cristina by the wrists and pinning her to the hood of his car. Jessica's mouth dropped as she watched in horror. I, however, was filled with rage, both from now and from the workplace, and didn't hesitate to sprint out the door and down to the parking lot, but when I got there, I saw the man turned into a beast that resembled a timber wolf. I even saw that he was hung like a dog in heat as well. I had seen Cristina carry the entire sofa with one hand when we' all moved in, but seeing the size of the lycan made so much sense how she could be overpowered.

I cocked my fist back, and quickly struck it against the lycanthropes' face, watching him fly into the air, 20 feet away from where we were while screaming in surprise. I turned at Cristina while I helped her up. Then I watched her fall with her hands around her knees, seeing the mascara run down her face as she cried.

"Thank you," she murmured.

It was too painful to watch. I could feel my eyes about to leak. Kneeling down, I helped Cristina back on her feet as I escorted her back to the apartment. With each step, I comforted her, telling her "Everything is going to be alright."