 Cristina's POV

It was 4:30 and I was getting ready for my date. I was, like, the only one in the apartment, which gave me the privacy I needed to fine the most adorbs outfit without anyone disturbing me. After 20 minutes of searching, I had found the perfect outfit. I walked out the door wearing a black halter top dress that around my chest with a V-neck front that show my cleavage and frills around the bottom of my skirt, a pair of thigh-high stockings, and a pair of black platform Mary Jane pumps. I wanted to wear something that could turn heads and I wasn't afraid show the girls off, either.

Suddenly, I saw a blue Chevrolet pulled up at the driveway. Stepping out was a good-looking man with slick-back hair and pale skin, dressed in a checkered suit and brown dress shoes. 

"Aren't you a little too dressed for our first date?" Roger mused with a smile. I chuckled in response while walking up to him.

"What? Can't a girl show off?" I mused. I gave a little twirl to emphasize while flashing a wide grin.

I embraced him, wrapping my arms around him as he held me in return. He was, like, super strong, feeling his toned muscles through his coat as he held me tight. From there, I could smell the sent of a werewolf on him, having noticed it since class and taking into account of how strong it was.

After we broke it off, I stood back and said in a quizzical manner, "So, are we going to eat or not?" I held my hands behind my back at the end.

We got into the car and drove to Haven's popular steakhouse, the Valhalla Beef Palace, where we sat at the last table on the right side of the building. Like the exterior, the interior had very Viking atmosphere with shields and spears hanging on the wall while twenty tables were set up across the floor.

We both ordered the "Fenrir Sirloin", which was very big and, like, cooked rare to the point where you can still taste the cow's blood.

"This is so yummy!" I sighed as I took a bite.

Roger chuckled before taking a bite. He replied with a charming smile, "I'm glad you like it. Not many restaurants cater to carnivorous races like us werewolves." Well, he wasn't wrong. Although there are restaurants in Haven that cater to both vegetarians and people that eat both, there were few restaurants for meat-eaters.

"So, tell me about yourself? Why did you come to Haven?" he asked.

I told him about where I came from and about why I came to Haven. I told him about my dreams of becoming a fashion designer, but I was starting to feel like his attention was focused somewhere around my chest. Luckily, I got his attention when I mentioned my roommates.

"Wait. You're living with a human man and a vampire woman," he said in surprise. He had a shocked expression on his face as he stared at me.

"I know, its totes weird, but we get along really good," I stated with a smile. Placing a finger on my chin as I started thinking. I continued in recollection, "Then again, I'm not sure if Ryu's human because even though he smells human, he could do things a normal human couldn't like make a deep footprint in the floorboards or accidentally smashing the granite counter with ease."

I saw Roger lean back with a droplet of sweat forming on his temple. He shook and questioned with a timid smile and a stutter, "I-is that all? T-there isn't anything going on besides that? Nothing intimate and a-all, right?"

My face immediately turned red as I denounced while waving my hands in a panic, "N-no! It's nothing like that! That would be totes crae! We're all just friends who happen to live together! Besides, those two pay half of the rent, which I wouldn't be able to do!"

Afterwards, we both laughed, feeling the awkwardness in the atmosphere fading away. Once dinner was over, Roger brought me back to the car and drove me home. I looked at my smartphone and saw that it was almost 7:00PM, but that didn't bother me for it was by far the best dates I ever had, compared to my past ones. However, I was going to learn not all stories have a happy ending.

Stepping out of the car, I walked over to Roger and wrapped my arms around him, lifting my leg up as I kissed him goodbye.

"Tonight was the best date ever. I can't, like, wait to have another one just like this," I remarked with a hopeful smile.

Then I felt him pull me in and deepened my kiss, feeling his tongue penetrate my lips and embrace my tongue. Before I was engulfed by the pleasure, I managed to get enough willpower to push back in resistance.

"Roger, stop! This is our first date! I'm not ready to take it to that level!" my face grimaced, but it soon faded into a terrified look as I saw the lust in Roger's eyes.

Grabbing me by the arms, he pushed me against the hood of his car. He licked his lips like a predator as he rubbed his groin between my legs. He berated, "I had spent two hours listening to your mindless dribble, which means you owe me something!" my face contorted in fear as he changed, becoming larger than my form with his clothes tearing into shreds and his body growing grayish-brown fur everywhere. I looked down as I gasped at the size of his rod. He was hung like a dog with a penis the size of a horse that was dripping with pre-cum.

I tried to shake him away and fight back, but I was too intimidated to change into my true form for he was too strong. He added perversely as he licked my face, "come on, baby. You know you want it, don't you? With that banging body of yours, I can't imagine how many dicks you had rammed into you." I wanted to scream for help, but I was too scared to do so.

All I could do now was pray: Please, lord in heaven! Save me from this perverted beast and I will never ignore you again! Suddenly, I watch in awe as something struck Roger in the face, sending him flying into the air about, like, probably 20 feet away. My jaw dropped as I turned to see Ryu extending his fist out and watched him breathing heavily with his brows furrowed in anger. Walking over, he helped me off the car, but I quickly collapsed to the ground while feeling tears leak from eyes, wrapping my arms around my legs as I buried my face against my knees.

I looked up at Ryu with dread, feeling my mascara running down my face. I said to him weakly, "Thank you."

He reached down and helped me up, bringing up stairs with my arm over his shoulders while comforting me with sweet words. We treaded through the apartment front door. Jessica walked towards us with a worried expression on her face and a towel around her body.

"By the goddess, Cristina. Are you okay?" she asked.

"She's going to be alright. I was able to deck the bastard before he could do anything to her." Ryu placed me gently on the couch. I couldn't stop holding my body as I felt violated and used.

"How did you do that?" Jessica inquired.

"Do what?"

"You just sent a supposedly 12-foot tall werewolf flying into the air with just one punch like it was nothing. Not just that, but you managed to shatter the granite table with a werewolf's body, shake the entire apartment building while creating a deep footprint, and don't pretend I don't know about the broken alarm clocks because I've seen them in the trash bin. How can a normal human do that without shattering your bones, or suffering from limb laceration?"

"Jessica, I would like to tell you and Cristina the truth. I really do, but I can't at the moment." I directed my attention to the crying werewolf girl lying on the couch, which caused the vampire girl to frown. Jessica nodded and left the room in an ambled manner and into her own room.

While Jessica left to go get dressed, Ryu stayed by my side until I felt better. It took two hours, but I was able to pull myself off the couch and sit up straight.

I turned to see Ryu smiling at me. 

"Hey, Cristina. How are you feeling?" He placed a comforting hand on my shoulder, albeit hesitant after I flinched a little. However, the sensation of his touch surged through my nerves, making me feel safe as I rubbed my hands together.

I gathered the strength to respond, replying in a timid tone, "I-I'm fine. Thank you, Ryu." I placed both hands over my eyes, trailing them and smearing my make-up all over my face. 

I muttered as quiet as possible, "I can't believe I let this happened again!"

This made Ryu confused as he arched a brow. He asked, "What do you mean by 'again'?" I didn't mean for him to hear me. I guess he has really good hearing.

Letting out a sigh, I answered his question. I said, "This isn't the first time my dates have went, like, bad. Although this was the first time mine went this crae, but there have been bad ones." Then I started listing them all, saying, "There was that one time I dated a cheapskate werecat who didn't pay on our date, leaving me completely penniless. Then there was that time I dated a perverted satyr who was obsessed with my butt and would get a public erection every time he stared at it, but didn't do anything else unlike Roger. Then there was that time I was in a relationship with a totes gorgeous guy, only to discover I was just a beard for him and his boyfriend."

All that remembrance made feel even worse. Hanging my arms and head down in sorrow before looking back at Ryu, asking him, "Why are all guys such creeps?"

Just then, I tensed up in surprise as I saw Ryu pulling me in a tight embrace, patting my back in closure as I responded by hugging him back.

Pulling back, he gave me the most sincere stare. Then he assured with a somber expression, "Cristina, not all guys are bad. Sure, some guys are bad, but there are still some good guys out there. You just haven't found the right one yet and I'm sure that if you look harder, then you'll probably find him." the way he smiled at the end made my face lit up.

I felt my chest pounding harder than before. I didn't know what was going on, but I knew that, like, when I'm with Ryu, I feel so safe and had the feeling he would protect me and I would protect him. However, I could tell how red his face was becoming when I noticed his chest was touching my bosom, which made me giggled and feel a little flattered, but I didn't know why.

"Ehemm! Am I interrupting anything?" we both turn to see Jessica, fully dressed and with a cup in her hand. Ryu and me pushed each other away and sat on the opposite sides of the couch. 

"no, no! You're not interrupting anything because nothing is happening!" Ryu lied while his body trembled.

Flashing a half-hearted smile while arching a brow, Jessica rolled her eyes before she walked up to me. She handed me the drink and told me to "drink up. It'll make you feel better."

However, when I took a sip, spit the stuff erratically before giving the vampire girl a disgusted look. "What the hell is this stuff?!" I shouted.

"You ever heard of an Irish coffee. Well, this is more of a Welsh coffee, except with less Irish whiskey and more sugar, scotch, and orange juice," she stated with her arms crossed and flashing a levelheaded smile.

"Why would you add orange juice?" Ryu asked deadpanned.

She shrugged and waved a nonchalant hand, saying, "It gives it that extra zing and it worked, didn't it?" sitting in the center, she turned to me and added, "I couldn't help but overhearing and Ryu's right. There are still some good guys out there. However, this is also your fault."

I scowled in offense. Leaning forward, I questioned, "How is it my fault?! All the men I dated were either jerks or creeps!"

"Were all the men hot?" I wanted to protest, but couldn't help but nod meekly. "Then that's the problem. You see, Cristina, you keep going after these hot muscular guys without even getting to know their personalities first. I mean, look at Ryu. Sure, he's skinny and average, but we both have known him for six days and we know he's a nice guy."

Ryu nodded in agreement, at first. However, he glared at the vampire at her characterization of him before shouting, "Hey!"

She was absolutely right. I always jump at the first hot guy I meet without getting to know them more before dating, and it always ends in disaster. Even the gay guy I was seeing didn't tell me more about himself and only brought me along just to show me off to his friends before sending me off with a kiss goodbye, nor going to second base until I found him making out with a guy behind the schoolyard. Honestly, the only good guy I've actually got to know, so far, was...Ryu, but that doesn't mean I want to date him, does it? That would be totes ridic.

Once the drama was over, all three of us headed to bed as the whole apartment complex went silent. Unfortunately, I was still awake and couldn't understand why. Getting up out of bed, I sauntered out and by instinct I slowly walked into Ryu's room. Hovering over his bed, I stared at the boy. He looked so peaceful in his sleep. It made my heart go a flutter just watching him. My face turning red, I shook the feeling off.

Keep it together, Cristina! You starting to think like a stalker! My mind was racing with embarrassing thoughts as I tried to get rid of them. 

I then heard Ryu groaning as he turned to the side. Biting my lower lip, I knelt down and planted a gentle kiss on his temple. I was lucky that he was a sleep because if he had woken up, then I would have to explain why I was in his room in the middle of the night. 

Suddenly, I saw a tent forming under the sheets. I was aware of what it was, but I'm not going to say it. Then a thought came to me: maybe I should thank him more for what he's done. I mean he deserves the release for having such a rough day and saving my life.

Spitting into the palm of my hand, and reaching into his sheets and into his underwear before grabbing something hard and pulsating. This was the first time I had ever done something like this. So, I wasn't sure if I'm doing it correctly. My eyes were wide as I felt how big he was, but that didn't stop me from proceeding. Up and down, I stroked his rod, caressing my manicured fingers against the veins while feeling my body heat rising. I lifted my tank top to give my boobs some air, but I couldn't help but groped them as I continued moving my other hand. Moving my hand away from my left breast, I slid it down my pajama shorts and insert them into my womanhood, moving them in and out as my breathing started getting heavy. I wasn't the only one. Ryu's breathing started to be the same from my strokes and when started increasing my motion, I could feel his manhood twitching and ready to explode. I was the same to and with one last jerk; both Ryu and I both came at the same time. I moved my left hand out from under his sheets and saw that it was covered in his stuff. I was hesitant, but quickly took a taste.

Yuck! It tastes so salty! I don't get why some girls like this stuff! I cringed in disgust at first, but I couldn't stop sucking my fingers. Even when I walked back into my room and laid back into bed, I couldn't stop until morning.

I wanted to know what it tasted like and only heard stuff about it from my friends. However, I never imagined it would taste so weird and disgusting, yet amazing and satisfying. Closing my eyes, I quickly went to sleep, but not before taking off my top and pants. Like, giving Ryu that jerk really made me feel hot, which made it hard for me to relax. Then again, seeing the smile on his was what made it easy for me to sleep. Hopefully, this would be the last I'm doing something like that.

--------------

Ryu's POV

It was close to noon and I woke up without hearing the sound of my alarm going off. However, something was odd about this morning as I was more tired than rejuvenated. Rubbing my head, I looked down and recoiled after moving my sheets to the side.

Why is my dick hanging out of my underwear and why is it sore? I pondered in a quizzical manner.

Tucking it back in, I staggered out of my room and started the day with a shower and coffee before plopping down on the couch.

"Morning!"

I jumped and spilled my coffee on the carpet. I could almost feel my heart about to burst from my chest. Turning to the side, I saw Cristina leaning close to me with a bright, yet unnerving, smile on her face. I didn't know how long she had been in the living, but from the look of how groomed she was and smelled fresh, I could tell she's been up earlier than I was and got ready before I did.

"It's good to see that you're up and chipper this morning," I said with a smile. I tensed up when I saw he nestling up against my arm like a puppy wanting affection.

I never really liked it when people touch me. It made me feel a bit unease from physical contact. 

"What are you doing?" I asked. I scooted away a bit, which caused Cristina to look at me in confusion.

She replied as she moved closer and placed her head on my shoulder, "I just feel like touching you. Is that so wrong?" I wanted to correct her and explain to her about personal space. However, I was afraid all that information would fly over her head. Seeing her nipple slip from her tank top, my face became redder than before.

I stood up and headed back to the kitchen in lightning speed to make another cup, but also to give myself a breather. Cristina was acting really strange, yet I was unable to put my finger on what it was. Suddenly, I felt something wrapping around my waist. I looked down and was surprised to find that it was Cristina's arms embracing me.

I looked to see her grin. She said, "I thought I might come in and make some coffee, too. If you want, I could help you make another batch."

I attempted to pry her off of me. Unfortunately, that was proving to be very difficult as she was as tight as a boa constrictor crushing its prey.

"T-that's okay, Chris. I can do it all on my own. So, you don't need to worry about me," I assured nervously as beads of sweat fell from my face. It got worse when I felt something soft and squishy pressing against my back.

Just then, I cringed in shock when I saw Jessica standing outside of the kitchen with both arms crossed and her foot tapping. She said with a cheeky grin, "You know, if you two need to be alone, I could just come back and let you continue your love fest." 

That was all it took for Cristina to release her grip and regain her posture as we both pretend like nothing happened.

"Again, not what it looks like! She was just helping me make coffee!" I corrected.

"Right~! I'm sure Cristina holding your abdomen is her way of mixing the cream and sugar," she asserted sarcastically. She chuckled as she continued, "Hey, maybe if I come back in 30 minutes, she'll be on the counter with your waist between her legs as your way of making waffles."

I could tell that, from her shaking her head, she was taking amusement from the awkward situation that had befallen upon me. Once we' all had our cups, we spent the rest of noon and afternoon staying at home. Since today was Sunday, Jessica and I did not need to go to work, along with Cristina not having any classes to go to, which meant we had the whole day doing absolutely nothing. Sadly, that also meant we needed to do something to pass the time.

"How about we go shopping?" Cristina suggested with an earnest grin.

Jessica and I weren't so enthusiastic of the idea. I asked, "Why do we need to go? I'm okay with what I have, are you?" I turned to Jessica who shook her head negatively.

"Well, I do need a new dress after that whole...incident yesterday. Besides, it'll be totes fun hanging out together and getting to know each other better, and who knows, maybe you'll find something you'll like," stated Cristina reasonably.

Scratching the back of my head, I replied in a passive tone, "I don't know, Chris. I'm not so sure there would be anything that'll catch our fancy. Honestly, I think we should do something else to kill time besides..." Before I could say anything else, Jessica and I were taken aback at the sight of the werewolf girl protruding her lower lip while her eyes grew big.
