 "Hi. Welcome to McDonalds! What would you like to order?"

Ryu stood in front of the pretty young blonde cashier who flashed a friendly smile as the boy finished skimming the entire menu.

Turning back, he finally ordered, saying in a stipulating manner, "I'll have two double cheese burgers—one combo and one extra sandwich—with a large drink and a large side of fries, 10 piece chicken nuggets, and one fruit n' yogurt parfait."

"That'll be 7.76$, sir," the cashier replied.

Once he handed her the money, it didn't take long for his meal to come in. picking up the tray, he waltzed through the food court and found his way to where his friends were sitting. The three had walked through the mall for about 2 hours and it was about time for them to take a break. Unfortunately, the food court was pact, which made it difficult for the three to find a vacant spot for them to sit. Luckily, they found one standing at the edge, albeit still dirty from its last user as stains and empty cups had covered the surface.

"You took your sweet time, Ryu. Was the line too short, or did you just thought up the order in your head?" Jessica teased in a witty demeanor. On her tray was a box of Kim Chi covered in soy sauce from the Korean stand, "Hong San Ting", and a cup filled with blood from which the origin shall remain ambiguous.

"Honestly, don't you know that the food from McDonalds is unhealthy? You should, like, eat at that health place next to it; it's supes better for you and you won't have to deal with those disgusting fillers," Cristina stated, pointing at Ryu's lunch with an appalling glare.

The boy couldn't help but give the werewolf girl a deadpanned glare. He thought judgingly: That's the pot calling the kettle black. Ryu took notice of Cristina's lunch as it consisted of plates filled with deep fried noodles from Great Wok, which was even unhealthier than what was on his tray.

"So, after this, you guys want to go home or do you want to keep going because I already got what I want and you guys got what you wanted?" Ryu questioned straightforwardly. He unwrapped and took a bite from his burger.

Shrugging her shoulders, Jessica flashed the same calm expression Ryu had. She replied, putting down her fork and waving a hand, "Yeah, I think we should. Miss Martin's called us and wants to have a word with us. Apparently, someone threatened to sue both the Shelly Apartment Complex and all of us for assault." Ryu and Cristina's gaze shifted into displeasure.

Pinching the bridge of his nose, Ryu questioned irritatingly, "Did she ask when the trial is going to be?"

"Oh, no. The guy already dropped the charges, but Ms. Martin still wants to talk to us about it." Jessica waved a hand dismissively. She placed a chin on top of her hands that were locked together. Then she continued, "Which reminds me, we still have things to discuss about last night."

"What do you mean?" he inquired.

"I'm mean, how you single-handedly took out that werewolf jerk with one punch and saved Cristina's innocence!" she stated.

Cristina tensed up and turned towards Jessica with a nervous stutter. She said with her body shaking, "H-how did you know I was a-a, you know?"

"It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out, hon." Jessica turned back to the boy and flashed a determined stare. She questioned admonishingly, "Are you going to tell us how you did that, or are we going to have to ring it out of you?"

"Oh, the deception that fills the air gives such a sweet smell, yet also a bitter atmosphere." The three's spines were filled with a chill. They turned to the right and were surprised as a tall man wearing a fedora and a red dress suit, stood before them, staring down with bulging eyes and a wide terrifying smile as he had both hands behind his back. "A triumvirate of chicanery sits around a table that smells of poultry and lies. The boy who wreaks human, yet possesses such inhuman feats, hides behind a mask of deception, the vampire full of determination to break away from her father's will fears that she will fail in her dreams, and the werewolf full of desire prepares to fulfill her needs and will finally mend her shattered heart. However, the truth of the matter is that you must be true to yourselves and all for when the great darkness comes, you only have yourselves to depend on." The ending baffled and terrified the three, each having mixed expressions in response to the statement. Tipping his hat, the man walked away before adding, "Take these words to heart, young ones. They will protect you when the end comes."

After the man was gone, the three looked at each other and were highly disturbed by what his presence and what he said.

"Well...that was weird," said Ryu.

"Yeah, it was like we've just been visited by the Morrigan, or by the devil," Jessica remarked.

After they had finished their meal, they threw their trays away and headed out through the front door. The rest of the time, they waited at the bus stop, which gave the opportunity to continue pestering Ryu about what he is.

"So, come on! Tell us what you truly are?!" Jessica demanded with even more enthusiasm.

"Pretty please, Ryu! We'll, like, die if you don't tell us!" Cristina pleaded with large puppy dog eyes.

Ryu turned around replied candidly, "First of all, dying from not receiving secretive information is scientifically, and biologically, impossible for both humans and werewolves. Second, using the word 'pretty' to amplify the word 'please' has no affect on me." Rubbing both of his temples, Ryu stared them straight in the eye and finished, "My grandfather trained me in discipline and perseverance, which means it'll take more than begging to break me down, which means I'm not going to tell you two anything."

At that moment, five men dressed like delinquents swaggered up the bus stop the three were sitting at. One of them smiled and walked up to Cristina. He said with a sly tone of voice, "Hey, girl. You looking fine today!"

Cristina, however, looked indifferent in response. The delinquent leader continued as he trailed a hand across his blonde hair before grabbing the werewolf girl's hand, "Why don't you and your sexy friend, over there, ditch the skinny loser and come with me and my friends. We'll be happy to treat you to something...nice and cream-filling." He licked his lips lecherously at the end of the sentence.

Pulling her hand away, Cristina replied with a scowl, "No, thank you. Me and my friend would rather hang out with the skinny loser than hang out with you five." That didn't really help Ryu as his shoulder slinked with a deadpanned glare. Sadly, that remarked didn't make the gang go away.

The leader quickly grabbed Cristina by the wrist and stated maliciously, "I wasn't really asking you! Now, there are five of us and three you, which means that if you don't want to have any trouble, then you and that pretty vamp girl better cooperate with us!" Cristina didn't try to tug away as she stood like a statue with a sneer of disgust on her face.

Just then, Ryu leaped and slammed his fist into the leader's stomach. Then he grabbed him by the neck and brought him down hard onto the ground against this back.

"Why you son of a bitch!" That's when hell soon broke loose.

The four remaining gang members transformed into werewolves that resembled either gray wolves or Iberian wolves, dashing at the boy in a fit of rage. Cocking his fist back, the second gray werewolf thrust towards Ryu's head. Luckily, before he could block it, Ryu watched as Cristina caught it with her giant paw of a right hand.

She bared her fangs and growled, saying in a threatening tone, "Let me be as specific as I can. Jessica and I don't, like, want to come with you and if you want to keep your hand, then you better take your leader and leave!" she heard the wolf boy's hand break as she clenched hard. 

However, that wasn't enough of a threat to scare them for when she released her grip, the second expeditiously retaliated. Fortunately, Cristina was quick to act as she slammed another transformed arm against the boy's face.

Suddenly, the third member leaped and prepared to sink his teeth on both Cristina and Ryu right after they had let their guard down. Unbeknownst to the third member, Jessica sprinted and locked her arms and legs around him, and body-slammed him head first, right into the ground, leaving a large crater in the pavement.

"Is that Bartitsu?!" Ryu shouted in amazement.

"Yes, it is! You're not the only one who's received training in hand-to-hand combat!" Jessica confirmed with a fierce glare. She grabbed the wolf boy by the right leg and twisted it, breaking his ankle and hearing him howl in agony.

Getting up off the ground, the leader ordered his friends to get away from the three as they picked up their incapacitated friends and left with lightning speed.

"That was disappointing. I didn't use my full strength on them," Ryu mused while cracking her knuckles. "Still, that was amazing what you two just did. I didn't think you were capable of putting those five in their place."

"We Welsh vampires are raised to learn how to fight. That way, we'll be presented in an intimidating light before taking out our enemies," Jessica asserted as she waved a hand.

"And you, Cristina. How were you able to easily overpower that werewolf? When I saw you getting assault by that Roger guy, you weren't able to put up a fight."

Cristina glowered. She didn't want to reminisce about that moment, nor did she want Ryu to bring it up. Letting a deep sigh, she regained her bubbly demeanor in a matter of seconds. Then she explained, "That's because Roger was a beta and I'm, like, a gamma, which was hard to fight back against him. Those gangsters were deltas, so they were easy to take down." 

"Well, hopefully, they won't be able to press charges against us."

"Don't worry. Once they realized they like, messed with a gamma werewolf, they won't be able to mess with us, again. Besides, I doubt the police are going to listen to a bunch of punk. That would be totes crae," she mused. Cristina sat back down on the bench and turned to Ryu, flashing a sly grin in his direction. "Now that that problem's over, are you going to, like, tell us what you really are or are you going to refuse again?" Jessica also turned and flashed the same expression at the boy.

Ryu's exhaled in exhaustion. He didn't want to deal Jessica and Cristina's demand for the truth. Fortunately, the bus arrived by the time he reached the breaking point but right when he got on, the two resumed right after they took their seats.

"Okay, fine! I'll tell you! Can you please stop pestering me?!" Ryu snapped, looking at the two from his left to his right with a snarl.

However, before he could tell them, the bus stopped at their destination and Ryu quickly dashed out of the bus, much to the two's chagrin and confusion. Jessica's brow furrowed in annoyance as she and Cristina sprinted after the boy. She thought: He's not going to get away with this!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Beads of sweat fell from his brow. After the whole day with the girls and that fight, Ryu was tired and wanted to return home. Luckily, he still had enough energy to run from the girls before they could catch up to him. All he had to do was make it to the apartment without getting caught by Jessica and Cristina. He knew that it wouldn't help, as that was the logic of a five year old having a race with friends, but he just thought he should get comfortable before the two apprehend him.

Right behind him, Jessica and Cristina moved with quick speed. He was astonished by how they could run so fast without losing the bags that were in their hands. What was also surprising to him was how Cristina could run in heels without tripping. 

He climbed up the flight of stares, making sure he didn't trip as he changed his gaze from the front to his legs while counting each step.

He muttered in panted breaths, "80 steps down and only 20 steps left to go. I'm almost home free and no sign of the girls..."

"Ryu! When we get a hand on you, we're going to ring that secret right out of your neck" the boy gasped. He heard Jessica's voice shouting from behind and she did not sound amused, at all.

Snapping his neck over his shoulder, he saw Jessica and Cristina in proximity, getting closer to him as they flashed piercing gazes towards him. Finally, he made it to the complex, swiftly taking the keys out of his pockets and unlocking the door. However, right when he scurried through and closed the door behind him, he ran straight into something soft and squishy that knocked him to the ground. He also felt something bulging when he hit his waist, but he didn't want to overthink of what it was.

"Oh, I'm so sorry, Mr. Bushi. Are you okay?" rubbing his forehead, Ryu leaned up and his jaw dropped as he saw his landlady, Judy Martin, standing over him. She reached out her hand and helped him up. "I didn't mean to stand in your hallway. I was just waiting for you to come home to tell you that the repairs are done." She held her hands together, pushing her arms against the sides of her breasts to boost her cleavage. This made the boy's face turned a little red, as he couldn't take his eyes off of her chest. "Sorry for trespassing unannounced, Mr. Bushi."

Waving his hands nonthreateningly, Ryu replied nervously with a meek grin, "T-that's okay, Miss Martin! Y-you can come in whenever you want since you own the building. However, you could have just called to tell us that the repairs are finished, instead of coming over, you know?"

"I could, but I wanted to surprise you' all with the news." Judy walked up and placed an arm on the boys' shoulder. She pressed her chest against his and smiled, which made Ryu's heart beat faster. "Besides, I just thought that you would be the one to arrived first. I mean, what are the odds a cute boy like you would be alone with your beautiful landlady."

He was about to rebuttal her statement. Unfortunately, right before he could speak, the door flew open and Jessica and Christina marched right in where they proceeded to tackle and restrain the boy, ignoring the fact that their landlady was witnessing the whole thing. However, Miss Martin didn't stick around to watch the end. So, she walked out the door and let the three deal with their problem alone, albeit walking backwards slowly through the door and closing it in front of her.

The girls were sweaty and exhausted just like their roommate, but that didn't stop them from tackling Ryu. Cristina sat on the boys' pelvis as she held his legs while Jessica, having left go of her umbrella, sat on his chest, gripping his arms while staring him down fiercely. The boy could only blame himself and his horny brain for letting himself get distracted and letting his guard down.

"We got you now, Ryu! You're not going anywhere, so you better tell us your secret!" admonished Jessica. The boy grimaced, becoming intimidated by the vampire girl's gaze.

"Uhmm...Jesse. I think we should, like, get off. He doesn't really seem to be putting much of a fight," Cristina stated in a soft demeanor. Her face flushed as her body tensed. "Also, I-I feel something poking my butt and I-I don't think it's a stick." The more she unintentionally grinded her hips against his crotch, the more she aroused Ryu became and she could feel it under her.

Jessica quickly got off the boy, followed by Cristina, in embarrassment and dashed to the couch.

"...So, are you going to tell us or do you want to take care of that hard-on, first. If you want to remain uncomfortable, then we'll be happy to do it to you again," Jessica chided. She tried to retain an air of dignity, even though the fact her face was just as red as the werewolf girls'.

Sighing and getting up off the ground, Ryu stood up in front of the girls, ignoring the raging bulge that was in his pants and the stares he was receiving from the girls.

"What I'm about to tell you shall never leave this room, you understand?" Jessica and Cristina nodded in unison. They turned to his eyes and flashed serious looks as they leaned in to listen.

Ryu confessed with a straightforward expression, "I am not human—not entirely, that is. The reason I have this strength and power is that I am...a demigod."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Night had quickly fallen upon the city of Haven as every lamp on every street glowed bright. Treading through an alleyway, the five delta werewolves made their way, remaining crestfallen from the ordeal they had experienced.

"I can't believe we got our asses kicked by two girls and a weak human boy! That was so humiliating!" The leader yelled in frustration. He gritted his teeth in anguish as he sighed.

Patting on his leader's shoulder, the second werewolf comforted him. He assured with a grin, "Don't worry. Once we round up all the others, we'll pay those three back. We'll kill that boy and take the girls for us to have fun with." He chuckled at the end of his sentence.

Suddenly, right when they made a left turn, the Smiling Man with his back against the wall and his hands in his pockets greeted the five werewolves with his unnervingly wide smile. He didn't care that he was getting the back of his white suit dirty from touching the filthy bricks. Instead, he still smiled as he got up and moseyed up to the werewolves.

He rubbed his chin as he tilted his head to the side. He said to them, "Oh, little puppies trying to make themselves big dogs in a big world. You wanted to make a name for yourselves, but, in the end, you get stricken by this cruel, twisted world where only the strong and rule while the weak like you get pushed down and beaten nearly to death."

The five were intimidated. There was something about the man they could sense that made them sick to their stomachs and made their spines shiver. The leader held his ground and looked the Smiling Man straight in the eye, saying, "Oh, yeah. What makes you decide that about us, huh? Who the hell are you and what do you want from us?"

The Smiling Man's smile grew wider almost stretching passed his earlobes. He answered, albeit with a demented chuckle, "I am the one who will bring chaos to this hellish world and I am not the one who made the rules; the rules have always been in place." Then the Smiling man contorted and bloated like a balloon. He continued, "Everyone on this earth is given a destiny and your destiny is to die." On his stomach, a large mouth with razor sharp teeth formed and as it opened, it growled and what followed after were screams of horror and agony.

Seconds later, the Smiling Man walked out of the alley. His suit was tailored, but cover in blood. He chuckled as the sounds of his dress shoes echoes with each step.

"You' all tried to play big dogs, going after my prey, but you have to learn that there are repercussions for those who do not follow the food chain. If you do not truly know, then death will fastidiously creep up to you and stab you right in the back," he said to himself, walking away was his laugher grew deeper and more sadistic as it bounced off the walls.

*****

Note: This is the chapter that debuts the series antagonist, the Smiling Man, who is based on the Creepypasta character, but has an original backstory and larger purpose in the story. This is also Jessica and Cristina's second fight scene, but against other people and the first mentioning of the Werewolf Hierarchy. Judy Martin's bulge will be explained in future chapters.