 Ryu's POV

"You're a...demigod," said Jessica in befuddlement. There it was. The big secret I have been keeping from those two for days. 

"That's right. I am a demigod," I confirmed in a somber tone.

Jessica stared at me dumbfounded with her mouth agape. Cristina, however, just gave a blank expression as she tilted her head in confusion.

"What's a demigod?" Cristina asked.

"It means that I am half man and half god," I answered straightforwardly with a stone-faced demeanor. 

"But that's impossible. Demigods don't exist in this day and age anymore. At least, that's what I believe," Jessica chided in disbelief.

"Yeah, I think you can blame that 'One True God' for that one," I retorted in annoyance.

"Anyways, I should tell you how that's possible to begin with," I said while rubbing my eyes. Crossing my arms, I looked down at the newly installed woodened floor, which glistened more than the last one.

"My father was Hachiman, the Shinto God of War and protector of the Japanese people, while my mother was a miko—a shrine maiden—to the Iwashimizu Hchiman Shrine in Yawata, Kyoto."

Jessica leaned against Christina's ear. She whispered musingly, "That's how it usually starts with gods."

"One day, my father visited the shrine and met my mother while she was purifying the shrine, i.e. sprinkle water around the building to protect it from evil spirits. The two fell in love and after performing coitus, my father left and I was born nine months later," I explained with a sullen glare as I slung my shoulders. 

Reminiscing about the day I was conceived filled me with nothing but aggravation and distress. However, I continued to explain because the two wanted to know more about me. I stated, "You can't imagine how angry the priest was when he and the other shrine maidens found out she was pregnant, especially when the priest was my grandfather."

"Why's that?" Cristina questioned perplexedly.

"Well, it's because shrine maidens are traditionally suppose to be unmarried virgin women, similar to the nuns of the Christian church," I answered with a solemn face as I shrugged my shoulders. Then I added, "However, when I came into the world, their opinions changed when they saw a baby strangling a snake with its tiny, bare hands."

"Wow! You were strong back then, too?" Cristina awed in amazement.

"That sounds like something from Hercules," retorted Jessica skeptically.

I replied with a straight face, "Yeah, it does, but that's besides the point." I pinched the bridge of my nose before waltzing over and sitting down between my friends.

Then I finished with a sigh, "After that, my life went downhill like how all of my friends ran away from me because they were terrified of my strength, or when I destroyed a part of the school by accident." I sluggard against the back of the couch with my hands placed on Jessica and Cristina's laps, feeling them tense up from the touch. "Also, in middle school, I told my friends my secret and they assumed I was a Chuunibyo, thinking I was delusional and weird, which was one of the many factors for moving to the States after finishing my first year. Since then, I've kept my secret to myself and tried to keep my strength in check."

I trailed my hands down across my face before letting out a sigh of frustration. I turned my attention to each of the girls and said, "I'm sorry I kept it from you, guys. I just didn't want you two to think differently of me."

Then came something I didn't expect from the two. Wrapping their arms around me, they hugged me tightly as we cuddled sympathetically. My body tensed up from the touch of their breasts against my arms.

"Ryu. You should've just told us about it. We would have understand your dilemma," said Jessica, caressing my hair affectionately with a pitying grin.

"Yeah. I mean, come on. We're the same as you are. Jessica and I have been treated like freaks for a long time. So, we know what it's like to feel like an outsider," Cristina commented. She leaned away, flashing a wide smile as she lifted her legs and sat on the sofa in a seiza position. Grabbing my hand, she continued warmly, "You're our friend, Ryu. We're here for you and we'll help you as long as you need it."

Hearing them say that made me smile. It felt nice being surrounded by people who care about you and it was pretty nice letting this weight I've been carrying for so long to be let go.

I hugged the two back as I whispered, "Thank you. You're the best friends a man could have." The way they ah'd indicated how much they appreciated my gratification.

Then I felt a tear trailing down from my eye and caressed against my cheek. Whipping it from my eye, I got up and proceeded to the bathroom. 

I said to the two without looking, "Well, goodnight, girls. I'm going to bed early." 

Although it was 6:30 in the evening, I needed the rest. So, to prepare myself for the sweatshop that has become my job. However, for some reason, I had a nagging feeling that I should have just stayed in the living room a little bit longer.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jessica's POV

There I was sitting on the couch next to Cristina as we both watched Ryu walking into the bathroom. Despite all that jargon Cristina and I had said, I still felt bad for the boy. 

"Like, do you think Ryu is going to be okay? We really were totes persistent in wanting him to talk, don't you think?" said Cristina in a quizzical, yet somber, manner. I could tell from the tone of her voice that she was just as concerned as I was.

Shrugging my shoulders, I answered with a sullen expression, "Yeah, we really were, but honestly, Cristina. I'm so sure myself."

I wanted to do something to make him feel better. So, I had to wait for the right time to do so. I waited for 3 hours, sitting and watching TV with the werewolf girl. I had already changed into my sleepwear for comfort. Once Cristina got up and headed into her room, it was the signal for me to initiate my plan. Turning off the screen, I sauntered through Ryu's room and was surprised to see that he wasn't asleep. Instead, he was sitting in front of the screen with his left hand gripping his little friend.

"Jessica, what are you doing here?!" Ryu shouted inquisitively. It was already too late. He wasn't able to hide his indecent act, nor could he hide what was on his laptop.

There were images of busty nude women, raging from blondes, to Latinas, to black girls, cluttering the screen. However, that didn't stop me to take another step towards him because it just made my plan even easier.

"I came into see if you're really okay. I thought you said you were going to sleep early. Why are you still awake?" I questioned, interrogating him while flashing a smirk.

He remained stoic, albeit with his cheeks turning red. He confessed in a tactless tone, "I tried to sleep, but after you and Cristina tackled me and then when you two rubbed your bodies against my arms, I was too aroused to keep my eyes closed. So, I wanted to perform one last act of onanism before going to bed."

"Wait. Do you mean you've already masturbated today?" I said with raised eyebrows.

"Indeed. It was this morning at about 9:00AM. I have a habit of jerking off whenever I have morning wood," Ryu stated without hesitation. For some reason, that fact actually turned me on a little.

I twirled my bang around my finger. Pursing my lips, I looked the boy straight in the eye as my face blushed. I suggested with a stutter, "You know. If y-you need any help, I-I could give you some release."

Ryu's jaw nearly hit the floor. I guess this was the first time a girl made such an offer. His eyes bulged more than his cock, which gotten much harder as it pulsated.

He said in confirmation, "Do you really mean it?"

"Of course. Just leave everything to me." I knelt down and positioned my head over his manhood. Before I could start, Ryu stopped me, worrying about my fangs accidentally stabbing his rod. Luckily, I reassured him that as long as I keep my teeth away, I'd be able to avoid such a hazard. I wrapped my mouth around his shaft and started sucking it in and out in a slow pace. At first, I wanted to truly comfort the boy by genuinely conversing and letting him tell me more for he was still carrying more baggage. Sadly, after seeing that bulge in his pants, my lust instantaneously took over and that was all I could think of. 

This was my way of killing two birds with one stone. He was so stressed when he told us his secret. I wanted to help him relax, but I couldn't do it with Cristina potentially budding in. I could tell she was up to something. Besides, I couldn't help but notice how cute Ryu's facial twitches were every time I bobbed my head. Pulling away, I slowly licked the front of his shaft before planting my lips on his head.

"Oh God, Jessica. How are you this good?" he asked. He's not the only one with secrets.

I reached down and pulled up my shirt, revealing my bare breasts in front of the boy's eyes. I said, "I know I'm not as well endowed as Cristina, but you can focus on them while I keep sucking, if you like?"

Right when he nodded in comply, I placed my lips back around his rod and continued moving my head. The taste of it was very delectable. Even the scent emanating from his pubic airs excited me as I increased my motion. Reaching my hand into my pants, I stuck two of my fingers right into the folds of my womanhood, moving them in and out while feeling it dripping wet and soaking through my pajama pants. I could feel the shaft pulsating, meaning that he was ready the blow. However, I didn't pull away and let him blow his load straight into my mouth. It was at that moment that I climaxed, also. 

I watched Ryu leaned his head back as he sighed. I could tell he enjoyed every minute of it. I wanted to do so much more to him, but I needed to show some willpower and giving fellatio was all I needed to do for the time being. I stood up and walked out the door. Before I would proceeded any further, I heard Ryu spoke in a wispy, tired voice, "that was amazing, Jessica. Thank you for doing that for me."

That was a nice boost to my ego. I tried to swallow the gill of cum that flowed in my mouth. It's been a long time since I've done something like that. So, it's going to take me a while to overcome the gag reflex I was having as it went down my throat. With one last gulp, I gasped and made sure to hold it down.

Afterwards, I went into the bathroom and got ready for bed. Once I saw the lights of Ryu's room go off from looking at the opening under the door. I was a little glad I could make Ryu feel a little better. Unfortunately, I started to realized what I had just done and, in the morning, it's about to get awkward between us. Soon, the taste of his cum became even more bittersweet, even when it started settling well in my stomach. Well, at least it's organic.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cristina's POV

I too a deep breath and exhaled. In my hand was a tin filled with the birth control pills I had purchased and took them without hesitation. Usually, normal pills wouldn't work on a werewolf like me, but since the pills I consumed are much stronger, it would soon do the trick. I had changed out of my clothes and put on my lavendar lingerie, feeling how soft the silk was against my smooth skin as I walked over to my make-up counter and admired how beautiful my reflection looked in the mirror.

"Alright. Let's do this thing," I murmured.

I leaned my head out of my bedroom door, checking the hallway to see if the coast was clear. Just then, I heard a door opening and quickly peered my head. I saw it was Jessica leaving Ryu's bedroom, looking like she was about to throw up as she moseyed over to the bathroom. 

I wasn't sure what happened to her or why she was in Ryu's room, but something about her being in his room made me feel, like, jealous. I shook the thoughts out of my head and waited for the next thirty minutes until Jessica had finally left. 

Once she was gone, I proceeded towards the boy's door. When I opened it, I saw the room was pitch black and after I entered, my eyes immediately went to night vision as I strolled up to Ryu's bed.

Ryu was sound asleep. That was not apart of the plan, but that didn't stop me. So, I crept over to the window and opened at the curtains and blinds, gazing and seeing the full moon was in bloom. Then I reached over and shook him awake.

"Ryu. Wake up. I need your help with something," I demanded, hearing the demigod boy groan as he twitched under the sheets.

He leaned up and turned the lamp on his nightstand on. He grimaced, "Cristina. It's 10:23PM. Don't you have class tomorrow."

When he looked at me, his jaw dropped as his eyes bulged out of their sockets. I even noticed that his pecker was also excited from the way a tent was forming under his blanket.

I smiled while licking my lips. I got up on the side of the bed, I leaned in and planted my lips against his own, catching him by surprise as I wrapped my arms around his neck. I pierced my tongue through his lips and twirled it around, feeling his tongue caressing against mine.

I moved away as I saw a string of saliva trailing from our lips. Ryu was speechless, listening to him mumble while seeing his face turn red. Putting my thumbs through the straps, I pulled the top down to show my nicely plumped breasts. I said in a seductive tone, "I'm here to make you feel so much better. Just sit back and relax while I take you on the wildest ride of your life." 

I moved his sheets back, grabbing his pants and yanking them off. Unfortunately, right after I saw his penis standing straight up, I was taken aback and screamed in fright while trying to maintain my balance as I almost fell off the foot of the bed.

"W-what's wrong?! Are you alright!?" Ryu shouted lamely, shooting a nervous look to the door. He wanted to be careful that it was still closed and that Jessica wouldn't burst through it.

I pointed at his crotch and trembled. I yelled, "That thing is huge! Is that really what a penis looks like?!"

His eyebrows rose as he stared at me with a puzzled look. He answered, "Yes. This is what a penis looks like. Have you never seen one before?"

I scratched my left cheek and avoided eye contact. I replied with a stutter, "N-not really. I've only seen one on porn sites, but never in real life. It's also where I got that 'wildest ride' line that I said earlier." 

Biting my lower lip, I confessed in a soft tone of voice, "Ryu...I'm a virgin. I've never had sex in my whole life. Even when I was dating all those guys, I never went all the way with them."

"Then why do you want to do it with me?" he asked.

"Because you have done, like, so much for me and Jessica that I wanted to repay you, especially when you decked that creep Roger," I asserted earnestly. I grabbed his hand and looked him straight in the eye. I continued, "So, please, let me do this for you. I really want to do this for you." as he nodded, my heart skipped a beat before clapping my hand like a happy child.

5-minutes-later, I was lying on my back with Ryu hovering over me. My heart raced as my breathing increased and my face turned red.

"Are you ready," Ryu asked.

I shook my head affirmatively and right at that moment, he slowly inserted straight into my lower lips. No foreplay, or anything like that. Just straight to the point. However, he paused for a minute, flashing a perturbed expression on his face.

"Why'd you stop?"

"Give me a minute. I'm just mentally preparing myself. To be honest, this is also my first time." For some reason, that made me feel relieved and a little bit happy. I was the same as he was, gathering my thoughts before we continued.

I smiled and placed a hand on the right side of his face. "There's no need to rush. Take all the time you need." He smiled back before he thrust his hips.

I could feel his rod against my walls, rubbing in and out and sending surges of pleasure straight to my brain while the muscles constricted around his rod. It was strange. At first, I was scared when he put it in, but after a few minutes I have never felt so close to anyone in such an intimate way. Over and over, his dick plunged even further until I something inside me broke. I looked down and cringed in horror as blood started leaking out of my womanhood.

"Wait, Ryu! Stop!" I ordered frantically.

"What's the matter?"

"I-I think I might be bleeding." Ryu looked down and giggled a little.

"W-what's so funny?" I asked, flashing a sneer at the boy. I was hurt at how inconsiderate he was.

He corrected me, "You're not bleeding, Cristina. You're hymen broke, which means that you are officially a woman."

Hearing that caused my body to tense up ecstatically and once that confusion was settled, we resumed our lovemaking. It started to hurt. However, after a minute, the pain subsided and was replaced with a feeling of ecstasy. His penis started to throb maddeningly. In and out, his rod grinded inside against my walls with such vigor that my whole vision became a blur, feeling my mind going into a daze of happiness while my mouth sagged open and my tongued lolled out. He leaned in and put his lips on my right breast. Watching him suck on my boobs was like watching a baby drinking milk. It was adorable to watch as I bit my lower lip once more.

"Cristina. I'm about to cum," he tells me while perking up. As if by instinct, my legs locked around his back, preventing him from pulling out.

"Cristina, please! Let go! If I cum in you, you could get pregnant!" he pleaded, flashing a concerned look at me.

Panting while feeling sweat falling from my face, I smiled and shook my head. I confirmed reassuringly, "It's okay, Ryu. I'm on the pill. So, it's okay for you to cum inside of me."

Ryu was astonished to hear that. He slammed into me one last time and I could feel his seed firing inside of me. Ryu and I moaned as we came together. I gripped my hands around his, feeling my head snap back until it was finally over. He turned over to the other side of the bed, not letting go of my right hand while panting heavily to try and regain our breath.

We turned and looked out each other. Feeling my legs twitch, I gasped euphorically, "Oh God! What we just did was, like, magical!" I guess he really is a god with that divine cock of his.

"Yeah, that was so invigorating! I never could have imagined sex being something like that in my entire life!" he stated in bliss. If I had a cigarette, then I would smoke it right after sex like in those 80s movies.

Ryu turned and looked at the clock. He looked back at me with his eyes widened in distress. "Chris. It's 11:37. You should probably go back into your room. You need to get up pretty early for tomorrow."

I wrapped my arms around his as he stared at me bewilderingly. After hearing that, I didn't want to leave. I wanted to stay by his side for the rest of the night. I begged in a somber voice, "please, Ryu. Can I just sleep in your bed? I'll be sure to leave and get into my room without Jessica knowing in the morning."

Ryu inhaled and exhaled before flashing a warming smile. He nodded and said, "Okay, Chris. You can sleep in here." 

I screamed gleefully in a high-pitch tone like a schoolgirl and embraced him in appreciation, which made me perked up when he hugged back.

20-minutes-later, I was laying on Ryu's chest, feeling how smooth, yet tone, it was while feeling his chest rising and falling as he slept. I have never been so warm in my life. I guess this is what it feels like to snuggle up and just feel safe with someone you love.

The room was once again dark with only the light of the full moon beaming into the room. I gazed up and stared at the white orb floating in the sky and whispered under my breath, "thank you for this special night, God," before I closed my eyes and drifted into dreamland.
