 Ryu's POV

The sun's light beamed through the window and struck my face. My eyes fluttered open, but groaned as I leaned up and rubbed my head. I turned to my left and looked to my nightstand. It was already 7 in the morning, yet my alarm clock did not go off an hour earlier. Then I heard a groaning noise while something moving in my bed. It was Cristina sleeping in the fetal position under my sheets. I gently caressed my fingers through her soft brunette hair, having a warm feeling inside my chest from the way she reacted to my touch. 

I Nudged her shoulder and whispered in her hear, "Cristina. It's time to wake up." 

The way she groaned was soft and cute, which I couldn't help but smile at. She got up and leaned her back against the headboard, revealing her bare breasts as she stretched her arms in the air. The sight caused my face to blush with some blood dripping from my nose.

She turned her head and grinned at me with heavy eyes. She said with a yawn, "Morning Ryu. Man, you get up really early, don't you?"

I could tell from that statement that she had something to do with why I overslept as I gave her a deadpanned glare, but I shrugged it off and got up out of bed. I walked to the other side of the bed, bent down, and gave Cristina back her brassier that went with the rest of her lingerie. However, from the way she was smiling and where she was staring, I could tell that she noticed my morning wood.

"Here, Cristina. Put this back on. I need to get you back into your room before Jessica notices. Hopefully, she hadn't woken up yet," I commanded in a mild tone. 

She simply nodded and pulled the sheets off of her. After she and I got dressed, she followed me out the door quietly tip-toed down the hallway. We were in lucky; Jessica wasn't awake yet. Once we made it to our destination, I bid her goodbye as I to the bathroom, but when I opened the door, I was blinded by a mist of steam and then by the sight of a naked vampire girl shaving her legs.

I smiled and chuckled meekly.

Jessica screamed and threw a can of shaving cream at my head. She yelled, "Ryu?! What the hell is wrong with you?! Didn't your mother teach you to knock before entering?!" at that moment, a feeling of déjà vu swept through my body.

I quickly got back up, closed the bathroom door with my eyes closed, and sauntered into the kitchen while feeling a headache forming in my forehead. 15-minutes-later, I had finished making three large stacks of pancakes on the stove and brought them over to the counter.

"Hey, something smells good!" 

I turned away and saw Jessica, wearing a lavender V-neck t-shirt and flared jeans as she waltzed in. I watched her take a bite and smiled when she moaned in delight.

She said in praise, "Wow, these things are delicious! Where did you learn to cook like this?"

"Whenever my mother was working, she hired one of the neighbor's kids to watch me who was also responsible for teaching me how to take care of myself," I answered straightforwardly with a half-hearted grin.

My face fell to a woeful demeanor. Crossing my arms, I continued as my face turned red, "Jessica...about last night..."

"O-oh, wow! What kind of batter did you use to make these pancakes so golden brown?!" from the way she was sweating, I could tell she was trying to avoid the conversation.

I pinched the bridge of my nose and huffed. This has been eating me throughout the night—that, and having sex with Cristina—and I wanted to get it off my chest. I leaned in and gingerly placed a hand on the vampire girl's shoulder.

"Please, Jessica. I really want to talk about what you did to me and if anything has changed between us," I pleaded in a soft tone. 

Jessica's embarrassed expression was gone and a face of despondency had replaced it. Putting the plate down, she sighed and turned towards me. She stated, "Ryu. Nothing has changed between us. I let my own lust get the best of me and that has confused you, but no matter what, we are still friends." She rubbed my arm in response and smiled at the end of the sentence.

The way she spoke warmed my heart and for a few seconds, we stood and gazed at each other's eyes as our faces blushed intensely. However, that moment quickly came to an end when Cristina popped up between us from out of nowhere.

"I smell pancakes!" she cheered like a child. She grabbed one of the two untouched stacks and began chowing down, ignoring us as she blissfully exhaled. She commented, "Oh my god! These pancakes are supes delish!"

Just then, Cristina turned away from her breakfast and was finally aware of our existence. She gave Jessica and I a suspicious glare with her eyes moving back and forth.

"What are you two doing?" she questioned in a wary tone.

We told her it was nothing and that Jessica and I was merely talking, despite the nervous looks we were giving her. The way the werewolf girl stared was like she was peering through our souls, which seemed unlike Cristina, as she wasn't this analytical and tended to get distracted from whatever catches her eye. I glanced at the clock and was in luck.

"Oh, look at the time! I really need to get ready for work!" I sprinted away as fast as I could towards my room and changed before running out the front door. I didn't bother to take a shower or comb my hair. I knew I shouldn't have left Jessica alone with Cristina. I'll have to make it up to her once I get back from work.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jessica's POV

There he goes. Ryu had just left the building and now I'm alone with Cristina who had turned her gaze at me.

Crossing her arms, she said with a glare, "So, are you going to tell me what you and Ryu were doing or not?"

"N-nothing! We were just talking, that's all!" I lied anxiously.

Cristina's eyebrows furrowed further. Fortunately, she peered back and smiled blithely. She shouted, "Okay! I believe you!"

Then she walked away with her breakfast to the living room. It's times like this that I was glad Chris was such a ditz. After I had finished, I placed my dish in the sink and headed to work.

15-minutes-later...

It was a short walk from the apartment to the music store. I didn't have to worry about taking the bus. Since it was a cloudy day, I didn't need my umbrella. I just prayed to the goddess in hopes that Zandra wasn't frisky. 

Sadly, that prayer was a waste for when I walked into the store; I was greeted by two arms embraced me from behind as a voice whispered into my ear, "I'm so happy that you're back. I was starting to feel so lonely without you around."

"Zandra. It's 8:57AM and I'm not in the mood," I dejected in annoyance.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"I did something that I'm starting to regret and I'm afraid it's going to tear my friends apart."

Zandra's grin disappeared. She released her grip around me and walked around to stand me face-to-face. She smiled and offered in concern, "If you need to talk, then I'm all-ears. Come by my office after work and let's have a chat."

"If I do, will you promise not to do anything to me?" she nodded in reassurance. For a lot of reasons, the tone of her voice wasn't very convincing.

The day went by pretty fast. The customers went in and out while purchasing either a musical instrument or some albums. Finally, it was already quitting time and I was ready to go home. However, despite my mine pleading to leave, my body guided me to my boss's office at the end of the store. I walked in and saw that it was like any other office with a desk placed in the back in front of a couple of shelves and a few pictures on the walls. The only difference was that in the center of the room was a pair of beanbag chairs, facing away from each other in front of each other.

"Have a seat, Jessica," said Zandra, getting out of her desk chair.

I closed the door behind me and sauntered over, plopping on top of one of the beanbags while facing my boss.

"So, tell me what's going on?" Zandra asked again.

I started telling her everything that happened the other day. I told her every grueling detail and my thoughts on the matter. I managed to leave out Ryu's secret during the conversation. I was taken aback by my boss's perturbed expression as her giant eye twitched and her jaw slacked.

"You gave your roommate a BJ!" she yelled in a flabbergasted manner.

Hiding my face in shame, I groaned in frustration. I replied wretchedly, "I know and the problem is that I actually liked it. I mean, I've only known Ryu for a week and I just violated the roommate agreement. The worst of it all is that I don't regret doing it." I placed my hands on my face and sulked without ruining my makeup. I sighed, "What the hell is wrong with me?!"

The more I talked about the more annoyed my boss became. However, she shrugged it off and smiled. Suddenly, I was shocked to see Zandra scoot up close to me and reached for my hand.

She comforted me and reassured, "Don't beat yourself up. You're probably just sexually stressed. It happens to a lot of us, especially when you have a man living in your apartment. When was the last time you got laid?"

"79-years-ago."

"Wow. That is a long time ago, even for my species."

Swinging my hand in the air, I grimaced and explained, "Yeah, it was with this creep my father set me up with. He was such a pain in the arse, but somehow I ended up getting into bed with him."

Zandra didn't respond. She merely stared with her eye growing wider in shock. Shaking her head, she regained her senses and finally spoke. "...Okay. That is a little bit messed up, but that's all in the past. This is the present and all you need to do is to have sex."

"Gee. Why didn't I think of that?" I replied sarcastically.

Zandra scowled earnestly as she crossed her arms. She asserted, "I'm serious. Masturbation isn't going to help all the time and you need to have sex with someone to purge you of your frustrations, preferably that Ryu guy."

"I'm trying to fix this without sleeping with Ryu. He's already confused about this as I am, and I don't want to make it worse." I deadpanned as I hunched sluggishly.

Then she smiled and brushed a hair away from her eye. Zandra suggested, "Well, what if I told you that there was another way you could have sex without the need for a man?"

Hearing that made me perplexed until I realized what my boss meant. This was when I regret letting my guard down while I pondered for when I attempted to protest, Zandra swiftly planted her lips against my own, returning her arms around me and kissed me passionately. At first, I tried to push back, but was swept away by the sensation. Locking our legs and embracing each other, remained in this for a few minutes until we proceeded forward. 10-minutes-later, Zandra and I stripped away all of our clothes. We continued to kiss until we both pulled away from each to catch a break.

Zandra leered with a wicked grin, "Shall we get started?"

Biting my lower lip, I responded shyly, "Y-yes."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ryu's POV

30-minutes-later, I got off the bus and checked my pockets to make sure I didn't get pickpocketed. Today, the bus was even more crowded than usual. So, you better be sure nothing was stolen.

I walked through the doorway and into the store, only to see that it was mostly vacant with my coworkers standing around in the center while the Boss sat on top of a stool in front of them. I was baffled as I walked over.

"What's going on?" I said to Carlos with raised brows.

"Don't know. I just got here and the Boss told us to just stand around here," he replied with the same confused look as I had.

The boss ruffled his mustache and furrowed his brow. Finally, he spoke in a serious, refined manner, saying, "You' all must be wondering why we're all gathered in this section of the store? Well, the reason is that I have some troubling announcements. Last week, while I was counting yesterday's profits, I discovered that we are 300$ short, meaning that somebody has been stealing money from the cash register." Then he got of the stool and trotted up to his employees. He continued, "At this time, an investigation will be held as I look into these matters. In the mean time, all of you will go back to working like nothing has happened."

With that, we all nodded in comply and started the day as usual. I carefully glimpsed at Elizabeth while scowling before looking away.

3-hours-later, I was inside the break room, sitting at the table while enjoying my lunch. After having broke the previous one, the boss was able to bring in a spare table that he had lying around in the store, which meant I didn't have to sit on the ground and eat my carne asada. All was quiet and peaceful. Unfortunately, that came to an end when the door flew open and Elizabeth sauntered in.

"Quite an announcement, don't you think, Ryu? I just can't imagine someone being able to steal that much money and get away with it so easily," she said smugly. From the brusque tone in her voice, she wasn't even hiding the fact she was the thief.

Furrowing my brows, I glared at the girl and huffed. I closed my Styrofoam box and stood up with clenched fists.

"I know it was you, Elizabeth. I know it was you who stole the money," I accused with venom in my voice.

She wasn't taken aback. In stead, Elizabeth smirked as if she was proud of what she had done. She waved a hand nonchalantly and replied loftily, "Maybe I did. Maybe I didn't. How are you going to prove it without any evidence, huh? You can't make it magically appear and present it to the Boss." She then waltzed up and came close to my face. She finished maliciously, "Even if you did, you can't do anything. I've got the boss wrapped around my fingers and I can make him turn your life a living hell if I want to."

I growled as I bared my teeth at her, which seemed to have surprised Elizabeth. I assured with gritted teeth, "Mark my words, Elizabeth. You can make my life a living hell, but I shall endure it! However, your reign won't last forever!" Pointing my finger, I flashed a determined glare. I added analytically, "Once you slip up, I'll be able to expose you as the manipulative klepto you really are and I'll take satisfaction in watching you gravel at my feet like a miserable dog."

I watched Elizabeth glowered, but she didn't say anything. Actually, she tried to say something but it was mostly mumbling as she tried to put together a counter remark. Throwing my lunch in the trash, I proceeded towards the door but stopped and turned to face the princess.

I stated seriously, "I'm not the same punching bag you used in high school, Elizabeth. You're dealing with an adversary you should've never trifled with and I will make sure you know your place."

Right when I walked out, I caught a glimpse at Elizabeth's face, seeing her fumed as she childishly stomped onto the ground. She's beginning to realize that she's in too deep and I was prepared for anything she was going to throw at me.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cristina's POV

It was the afternoon and I was the first to come home. I was very happy. The inside of the apartment was so quiet, which was supes relaxing as I had the place all to myself. So, I crashed onto the couch and released a relaxing sigh. During class, I followed my friend's advice and was able to one up Zoey, and I just couldn't stop thinking about her fumed face every time I answered each question. 

Just then, my smartphone started to ring. I looked at the caller ID and was excited to see who it was.

"Hi Sis! Like, what's up?!" I answered with a cheer.

"Hey, Chris. How are you settling in the new apartment? You haven't called home in a week and I'm a little worried," said my sister, sounding anxiously on the other line.

"Oh, I am totes settling in just fine, sis. I have the best roommates and I'm doing great in my classes," I informed her. Smiling, my cheeks turned red as I played with my hair. I continued, "Plus, I met this great guy and we had a wonderful time last night."

"Really? What's his name?" she asked.

"I'm not telling, Brittney" I stated with a cheeky tone. 

I didn't want to tell her Ryu's name because I wanted to mess with my big sister. On the other line, I could hear Brittney groan in frustration.

"Oh, come on, Cristina! Well, at least I'm happy you found a nice werewolf to give your first time to."

That was when the problem started. Scratching the side of my cheek, I felt a large droplet forming on the side of my temple. I corrected with a trail, "...Well. He's not exactly a werewolf, but more...human."

"Wait! You had sex with a human?! Well, I hope you used protection," she implored frantically.

"Not exactly. Don't worry. I took some birth control pills. So, you don't have to worry about being an aunt," I reassured with an innocent grin.

And then there was silence.

"Hello?"

I waited for any kind of response, any at all. However, after the next 5 minutes, I wished for the silence to come back.

"YOU HAD UNPROTECTED SEX WITH A HUMAN!!" I cringed in pain. My ears wouldn't stop throbbing as I rubbed them, hearing only a high-pitched sound in the right one.

"Like, seriously, sis?! You just screamed in my ear and you're worried about that?!" I countered.

"Chris, didn't mom teach about the facts of life and what not to do with a human?!" she questioned sullenly. Then she started explain and the more I listened, the more my happiness began to fade: "Our entire race is born from enzymes, a substance produced by living organisms. We are able to turn humans into werewolves, not just by biting or scratching, but also by through the transferring of bodily fluids, which means that if you have unprotected sex with a human, then he will likely become a werewolf! Worse, yet! He will become a thrall, wreaking havoc everywhere he goes!

The transformation takes about 24 hours before completion. During that, the symptoms would start to resemble the common cold! Once the time is up, the metamorphosis will be complete and his body will transform into a mindless beast!"

I began biting my manicured nails. A habit I hadn't had since I was twelve. I stammered as shouted, "Oh god! W-what should I do?! Isn't there, like, a way to stop it?!"

"Not possible. I mean if there was a drug that could stop lycanthropy, then none of us would exist. I got to go. Mom's on the other line."

After that, Brittney hung up and I was left in a disgruntled and petrified state as my phone slipped out of my hand and hit the ground. I didn't bother picking it up and just laid down on the couch, staring at the ceiling while deep in thought.

2-hours-later, I heard the front door opening and it brought me out of my train of thought. I recognized the scent and jumped up when I heard Ryu's voice.

"Hey, Chris. How was your day?" he asked with a friendly grin.

I trudged up with a frowned on my face, as I looked at the human boy. Then I sprinted and wrapped my hands around his waist as I wailed in tears against his shirt.

"Ryu! I'm so sorry! You're gonna turn into a mindless beast and it's all my fault!"

Ryu stared at me in confusion. Arching a brow, he said in a quizzical manner, "What are you talking about, Cristina?"

We both sat on the couch and that's when I told him everything. Luckily, he took it pretty well. Ryu wiped the tears from my eyes with his thumbs and caressed his hand against the strands of my hair, but it was hard to tell if he was shocked, angry, or happy.

He reassured with a slight chuckle, "Cristina. It's going to be all right. I'm not going to turn into a werewolf thrall."

"You're not?"

"I'm not."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean I'm a demigod. We have a very strong immune system and healing factor, and I can survive most known diseases," he asserted while raising an index finger. "When I was a kid, I wasn't able to contract the flu or chicken pox. You wouldn't believe how hard it was to fool my mother into thinking I was sick." He scratched the back of his head as his lips pursed. Hearing all that made me feel relieved. If I turned Ryu into a monster, then I wouldn't live with myself.
