 Ryu's POV

The calendar read September 17th. Unfortunately, I didn't feel like going to work today. Ever since the news this morning, I was a little on edge knowing that there was a murderer on the loose and if he/she could kill five werewolves, then who's to say the killer isn't capable of killing other non-human races. So, I called my place of work and told them I was going to take a sick day. For the rest of the morning, I merely stood in front of the window with my eyes staring at the twilight as the sun rose over the horizon. On the bright side, I didn't have to deal with Elizabeth's tyranny.

"Are you feeling okay, Ryu?" I turned and saw Jessica standing beside me. 

The vampire girl was the same as me. She had to tell her boss she wasn't coming in today, but the way Jessica said sounded disheartened and sad when she told her boss. She placed her hand on my shoulder and shared the same somber expression I had on my face.

I sighed and replied, "I don't really know how I feel, Jess. I mean a part of me feels that those punks deserved to die. However, another part of me feels scared that we could have shared the same fate as them."

"You can't be sure about that."

"It happened near the bus stop at the mall. It could have happen." I pinched the bridge of my eyes and sighed again. "I guess Ezra Taft Benson was right: 'Opposition provides choices, and choices bring consequences—good or bad'."

"I guess the consequences from what you did to me was you having an existential crisis and me having a sore butthole," Jessica mused sarcastically. Then she added sardonically, "Sometimes, Ryu, I barely under stand your philosophical remarks, and I'm almost 200 years old!"

Jessica turned and admired the sunrise with me. As long as she's behind the glass and standing in the shady areas of the living room, then she won't experience any irritation from the suns' light.

"Cheer up, Ryu. Maybe, tomorrow, we'll see if it's safe to go out and go about our days as if it's like any other day," she reassured. I could feel her fingers reaching over to my hand and were about to wrap them around while both of our faces turned red. 

"You guys know I'm right here. Right?" Jessica and I tensed up and turned around. Sitting on the couch was Cristina who was staring at us with an irritated scowl. To be honest, she's actually sharper than we give her credit for and I hope she doesn't figure half of the stuff Jessica and I are talking about.

"Cristina. Aren't you supposed to get ready for class?" I inquired with an arched brow.

She shrugged her shoulders and flashed a half-hearted grin. She answered, "I checked on my campus website on my phone and it said that classes were cancelled thanks to the recent news."

"You don't really seem that unnerved by that information." that's when Jessica flashed me a "Really" glare with her eyebrow raised and her arms crossed.

The werewolf girl waved her hand nonchalant and slouched with her leg over the other. She replied in an unconcerned tone, "Oh know, I'm totes unnerved by this. I just think I deserve a break from dealing with a week of my teachers and Zoey." 

She did have a point there. However, Cristina's face changed into a more melancholy demeanor as she lifted her legs up and wrapped her arms around them. She added, "Honestly, I just wish it didn't have to be because of a murder. You know, when I first came to Haven, I just thought it would be, like, a perfect place where everyone got along and crime would be small. Now, I just don't know what to think anymore."

I walked over and plopped onto the couch and slumped back. I rubbed my eyes, bringing moisture from looking at the horizon for too long while they started to sting. "Everyone is doomed to being free, Cristina. Even if everyone is seemingly getting along, there will always be death, bigotry, and selfishness, which is why the idea of utopia is a mere pipe dream."

"So what do you think we should do for the time being?"

"We could probably stay inside and just watch TV, I guess."

"Or we could go out to eat," Jessica suggested while rubbing her stomach as it growled.

"I don't know, Jessica. You're suggesting on going out when a serial killer is loose and stepping out would lead to our possible death."

"Oh, don't be such a nihilist, Ryu."

"I'm not a nihilist. I'm a realist. I don't think it's safe to go out and eat at a time like this. Besides, with everyone huddled into their homes, I doubt any restaurant would be open."

"I just thought it would be nice to get out and stretch our legs, that's all. We've been cooped up in here all day and staying in isn't going to be any better. Also, no serial is going to come out in the daytime. They usually come out in the evening. So, we're okay to get a quick bite."

She did have a point. Staying indoors wasn't really good for any of us, and since neither Cristina nor I had breakfast, we both were getting a little testy from the lack of nutrition. Besides, what's the worst that could happen?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jessica's POV

I showered and changed my clothes, putting on a black top with fishnet sleeves and a collar, a pair of regular shorts, and my usual monochrome sneaker boots. That was all I needed to get ready. We didn't want to order out and remain in the apartment building, even if there was a murderer on the loose. We had already spent hours cooped up in the apartment complex and really needed some fresh air.

I waited for Ryu and Cristina to finish while they took their sweet time getting dressed, which gave me time to check the news on my phone. Sadly, there was no recent article on the police apprehending the killer, meaning that my friends and I will have to keep our guard up.

"Okay! We're ready!"

I turned around and saw the girls coming out of their rooms ready to go. Cristina was dressed in a violet keyhole sweater dress that showed off her cleavage with a short skirt, a pair of matching short shorts, and a pair of lavender knee-high stockings with a pair of violet platform pumped heels. Ryu, however, was dressed more for lunch and less like going to prom. He was dressed in a green shirt with Final Fantasy VII logo and a pair of black jeans.

"So, are we ready to go?" Ryu smiled while he checked his phone.

"You bet. I hope you two don't mind, but I picked IHOP for our lunch destination. It's the only place close to our apartment and in our price range," I stated, having a smile on my face. I picked up my wallet and headed to the door.

We headed out the door and climbed down the stairs. It was time for us to stuff our faces and forget the ordeal that's plagued us for hours. However, I had this nagging feeling that I was forgetting something important that was occurring today.

30 minutes later, we made it to the front door and waltzed out of the building.

"Are you sure it's really safe to be wondering around?" Christina asked.

I frowned and sighed as I turned my attention to the boy. I replied with a half-hearted grin, "I'm sure that it's safe. It's still the afternoon and nothing dangerous happens...this...early..."

My face dropped when I turned to the front. My eyes widened at the sight of the walking dead who were roaming the streets, hearing them moan at the top of their lungs while they limped their way throughout the city. I wasn't the only one. Ryu and Cristina were just as surprised as I was. Now, I remembered that it was the seventeenth of the month, which meant it was time for the dead to come out and stretch their 1limbs. Honestly, when you think about it, it made more sense for why everyone was hiding in their homes because of the living dead than the idea of a deranged lunatic running about when there are powerful monsters living in the city.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Unknown POV

I looked out the window, seeing my three neighbors standing helplessly at the hands of the undead that roamed the streets. I had been keeping my eyes on them as I turned to the chalkboard that was covered in photos of the three with string of yarn connecting each of them to pictures and newspaper articles in an attempt to understand their origins more and why three diverse roommates were bound together in one room. it was almost like destiny brought them together, but I didn't believe in such a thing and wanted to find a logical explanation. Frankly, if someone saw this, they would think I'm some conspiracy nut.

The one person I focused more was Cristina Jordan. My thought was how could a goddess like her is living with an average guy like Ryu, and not someone like me? However, I pushed those thoughts and got to work. I grabbed my pistol and loaded it with ammo. Then I headed straight to the window, seeing the three fighting their way out of their predicament with Cristina's arms transformed into large wolf arms like Riza Wildman from Monster Princess, and watched Jessica tearing the zombies' heads off with her swift kicks and flipping their bodies to the ground. 

Ryu, however, was the most surprising. At first, I thought he was merely a plain human. Surprisingly, when he bared his fists, I was amazed at seeing him slamming them against the zombies and sending them flying a few feet away from him.

I opened the window and stepped out onto the balcony as I brought the latter down. I took a deep breath and said to myself, "Let's do this, Cheshire."

I whistled and waved my hands to get the three's attention. "Hey! Over here!"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A/N: I know this chapter is short and isn't as good as my past chapters. i'm taking a break on the sex and focus on the slice-of-life and action of the story, and wanted to start on the continuity of the previous chapter and start the zombie arc with why the number 17 is important. overall, this is my most philosophical and insightful chapter i've ever made, in a sense. Also, if you're wondering why i reposted it, i was editing this chapter and needed to bring it down.