 Ryu POV

"Why are there zombies crawling in Haven?!"

I roared from the top of my lungs before slamming my fist against a zombie's face, watching him fly before it could take a bite out of me. That only drew more of them towards me. From all the horror movies I have seen, I assumed zombies would be slow and easy to fight, but now I'm starting to think otherwise.

They charged at me like a pack of wolves, but I was able to fight back as I punched and kicked them away while I tried to catch my breath before receiving a couple of bites and scratches onto my arms, shoulders, and back. Luckily, my immune system was strong enough to protect me from turning into the living dead. However, having to endure the agony was far more strenuous as my face cringed.

Just then, one zombie managed to jump and tackle me on my back, trying to take my head while I struggled to push it off. I had only let my guard down for a minute and was immediately taken by surprise.

Then I felt a gust of wind and felt the rotting corpse get flung off of me, watching it fly five feet away and its' body shattering into pieces once it hit the ground. I was flabbergasted as my body tensed up.

"Always keep your guard up, Ryu! Even if you can't get infected, these things can still kill you if you aren't alert!" Jessica was quick enough to cover my rear against the remaining adversaries that were behind me. She was indifferent by the sight of the undead as she fought with an irate expression, knocking one's head with her foot while she thrust her fist and mercilessly tore out another's spine.

Although I was grateful for Jessica saving my life, I was terrified by how she didn't bat an eye as she ruthlessly destroyed her opponents.

Suddenly, my mouth dropped almost to the ground when I saw a ball of the dead getting thrown over my head and onto an alternate parking side, smashing against a line of cars while the alarms went off. Storming up with a glare was Cristina with her fist balled and her breathing heavy. Her sweater dressed was covered in rips and tears with her midriff exposed and her left sleeve torn off as her left side-boob was showing.

"That's for ruining my favorite dress, you rotting bags of meat!" she shook her fist as she sneered.

"How can you two stay so calm from all of this?!" I yelled in angst with an arched brow while I continued fighting.

Jessica shrugged her shoulders before ripping a zombie vertically in half. She responded with a fixed glare, "Honestly, they're not really that scary to us. Since we vampires are immune to their infection and we're basically immortal, they're not really a threat to us."

"Same for us werewolves. Even though they're totes gross, zombies are only scary to humans and not to us," Cristina remarked, having her arms transformed as she crushed two zombies' head within her palms. She cringed in disgust while swatting the goo off her hands in the air while repeating "Ew!" over and over.

"Well, like Jessica said. Even if they can't infect us, they can still kill us, and with this horde running amok, that'll likely be a possibility!" I stated cholerically, having a stern demeanor with my brows furrowed. "We need to get back into the complex before it's too late."

Unfortunately, we couldn't find a way out. We were too far away from the building's entrance and we were completely surrounded.

"This is going to be difficult." The girls and I huddled up together, baring our fists and were about to get ready for the fight of our lives as the undead horde began to advance.

Suddenly, all three of us heard a loud clank from inside the alleyways beside the apartment complex. The latter to the fire escape had fallen. I didn't know if this was a blessing in disguise or a coincidence, by at that moment, I didn't really care.

"Quick! Climb up as fast as you can!"

All three of us looked up and saw a figure poking its' head out of a window on the sixth floor. We didn't hesitate and complied, running to the latter with Jessica climbing up first, then Cristina, and lastly me. We got into the apartment room and closed the window.

"Thanks for the save back there," I remarked with a grin. However, when I turned around, my face immediately became perturbed.

All over the room were charts, and newspaper clippings, and photos of questionable content, some of which were about us. It was like standing in the Batcave from the 1940s Detective Comics.

"It was no problem at all." The three of us immediately turned to a shadowy corner and sauntering out was a werecat.

He looked to be about our age with short gray hair, pale skin, and yellow eyes just like Cristina. He was dressed in a tank top with an AC/DC logo and a jeans jacket over it, Levi's pants with a chain belt, and a pair of black boots with straps and buckles all over the fabric. Although he appeared human, the only thing that stood out was his cat ears and long silver tail protruding out in visible sight.

"How are you?" I asked.

"My name is Cheshire Dubois and I have the answers you need."

He crossed his arms, looking confident while he flashed a stoic demeanor. "Now, you are wondering what the hell is going on, am I right?"

I heard several rips from behind while I saw Cristina storming up to the werecat. His face turned red, as the werewolf girl got close.

"Yeah, I got a question for you. Why are there, like, a lot of pictures of us on your blackboard-thingy, especially pictures of me." Cristina questioned while arching a brow. In her hands were pictures of her doing various, yet provocative, activities such as her jogging in her sports bra, shaving her legs, doing yoga in her underwear, and that time she came home hot and sweaty.

"How the hell did you get these photos?" I was a little disturbed from seeing these. Suddenly, the catboy took the photos and quickly shoved them in his back pocket before slightly coughing.

"Let's just pretend that never happened," he dismissed nervously. His face was just as red as Cristinas'. "What I really mean is that if you are wondering why I saved you and what's the deal with the zombies."

"Yeah, that's actually what I want to know." I nodded. Hands on my hips, I looked around and saw my friends were not as perplexed as I was.

I looked at Jessica and raised my eyes. I asked, "Aren't you guys wondering the same thing as me?"

The vampire girl merely shrugged and pursed her lips.

"It's not that I'm wondering. I already know why there are zombies because it's the seventeenth."

"The seventeenth?"

Jessica's eyes widened while she looked surprised. However, she smacked her face and gave me a deadpanned glare. "Let me guess. Before moving here, you didn't bother to do any research on the town, right?"

My head lurched down as I sighed heavily. 

"No. I didn't."

"Before Haven was built, there was once a town called Empyrean, which had a very...colorful history. In the town, there was a powerful witch who used her power to help the people. Unfortunately, while there were people who appreciated all that she had done, there were others who were afraid of her. In the end, on September 17, 1893, those that were afraid turned the whole town against her and eventually burned her on a stake. They made sure that the state never knew what went down, but news gets by one way or another.

Four years after that atrocity, things began to get a little weird. The dead started to rise and the townspeople were terrified. In the beginning, it wasn't as severe as it is now, but once the graves started piling up over the years, the dead started growing in numbers, which was when the church resorted to cremation. However, due to the high costs of cremation in such a small town, Empyrean went bankrupt by the time of 1925, becoming a literal ghost town. Sadly, even though the people were gone, the curse and the graveyard stayed. Once the town of Haven was built on top of Empyrean, the curse immediately transferred to the area and hell resumed."

My jaw dropped while I was taken back. I arched a brow while droplets of sweat fell from my forehead. "How do you know this stuff?"

Jessica smirked while she waved her arms nonchalantly. "I like looking up anything on the macabre, especially if curses or hexes are involved."

I turned around and faced Cheshire. My eyes narrowed with a sullen expression. "Okay. So, why did you save us? I doubt it was out of common courtesy, or saving the damsels-in-distress."

"Well, the reason why I saved you three is because I need help in putting an end to this madness. You see, the witch's curse is still growing and has infected five other graveyards in the surrounding areas. If no one will put an end to it, it'll soon spread to most of the cemeteries in about six more state districts."

"Why do you need us for that?"

He grinned ecstatically and flailed his arms. "You three are the perfect candidates fort he job! For the past three months, I've been watching you and have seen some remarkable things form you guys!" he started listing as he counted with his fingers. 

"Based on my observations from watching her secretly smoking outside, Jessica is a vampire of noble blood and can survive in the sunlight and from fighting off those zombies, I could tell she is a skilled fighter."

"Wait. You actually smoke?" 

I turned to Jessica who just looked away flabbergasted while giving a light chuckle. Because of my hypersensitive senses, I once asked if any of my roommates are smokers and explained my preferences, which both denied. Then again, that would explain why the balcony smells like tobacco vapor every time I step out for some fresh air. I guess you don't really know people that well than you thought.

Cristina then continued, "Despite being only a gamma, Cristina is fast and strong enough to fend off against a horde of zombies. Also, watching her ball up those walking corpses and throwing them in the air was hilarious!"

I watched Cristina getting flustered. She just couldn't help but feel flattered as she waved dismissively. "Oh, it was nothing! Those gross things totes deserve it for ruining my favorite dress!"

"Lastly, Ryu, I watched you punch a beta werewolf in his true form with ease, which is something a normal human wouldn't be capable of doing. That is why I deduced that you are not a normal human being, but you are actually..." at this point I assumed he discovered what I really am, which made me and the girls extremely nervous. Luckily, he didn't really figure it out and finished while he pointed his index figure: "...a saiyan from the planet Sadala!"

If this was really an anime, then picture Jessica, Cristina, and I leaping back and landing right onto our faces with our feet sticking up because that's what we were doing afterwards.

"What? Did I get that wrong?" Cheshire inquired.

Scratching the back of my head, I answered with a scowl, "Yes, you were wrong. I'm not a saiyan or a kryptonian, but you're right that I'm not really human."

"Oh. Can you tell me what you are, so I can file it in?"

"No. I'm not going to do that."

Cheshire was about to ask why, but brushed it off by waving his hand. He knew it wasn't the right time for Q&A secession. So, he proceeded to what we were previously discussing. 

"Anyway, with our combined power we could put an end to this inconvenience and bring this city back to normal." He paused for a minute with a perturbed frown. Then he rubbed the back of his neck and flashed a weak grin. "Well, whatever defines 'normal' in this city."

The three of us looked at each other. From the glimmer in their eyes, I could tell they were filled with doubt that it would work and didn't want to go through such an endeavor. That's when we huddled together and discussed the situation at hand.

"So, what do you think. Should we do it?" I asked.

"No way! That creep has been taking pics of us! I don't want to go to some cemetery just so that he can, like, get fresh with Jesse and me, especially me!" Cristina fumed. Luckily, she was able to whisper that statement in such a low tone that no one outside the ring heard.

"Yeah, I'm disturbed by that as well. However, I don't want to spend every year barricading our homes and wade out every zombie parade that comes on the seventeenth of September."

Shrugging her shoulders, Jesse narrowed her brows. she grimaced, "Hey, it's fine by me. Personally, I want to see how this whole thing occurs and see the machinations of reanimation before we put out the fire." I was surprised to hear that from Jesse being a vampire, and all. Then again, she did feel really warm last night.

However, since we had nothing better to do and we didn't want to go through such an ordeal every year for the rest of our lives, we' all shrugged our shoulders and complied. Cristina, on the other hand, was stubborn about it until I told her: "I promise you, Chris. After all this is over, and if that catboy takes another pic, then I'll be sure to turn him into a human pretzel."

She smiled after hearing that. Resting her head on my shoulder, she awed affectionately. "That's so sweet of you, Ryu. Alright, I'm totes in."

Crossing my arms, I turned back to the catboy. I narrowed my brows and said sternly, "Okay. We're all on board."

He smiled and nodded. "Excellent."

~~~~~~~~~~

Note: Hey guys. this is RockmeHard1234 with a new chapter. sorry if this didn't have much action, suspenseful or sexually, i needed to finish this chapter due to writer's block and from being exhausted during Christmas break but i still delivered what i hope is the good stuff. hope you all enjoy it. also, Cheshire is one of the weirdest characters i have plans for in the future, along with other tenets in the building like a sexy witch with a tentacle monster and a Coco (Mexican boogeyman) who likes bondage. don't worry. i hadn't forgotten about the land lady, the smiling man, and all those other guys. Lastly, I changed the dates from three weeks to three months throughout the fiction just to make it a little realistic.