 Anita

As I was finishing my packing later that evening, Marian entered my room. She looked at my packs, almost ready to go on the bed, and frowned. 

"You're leaving? Why?" she asked. 

I looked up from the dress I was carefully folding. "I wanted to study earlier, so I chained up the demon," I lied. "He... he managed to break the chains." 

Marian shuddered. "What happened? Are you ok?" 

"Don't worry, I'm fine," I told her, deciding not to mention my decidedly low power reserves. Those would recover soon enough. 

"Why are you leaving? You have backup chains, right?" Marian asked. 

"Who's to say he won't break those?" I replied. 

"I'm sorry, Marian, but I've got to go back to Rowan. I've got to be able to cage him, as well as chain him, next time I sleep. Who knows what he might do if he breaks free when I'm not able to get him back under control?" I finished the folding the dress and carefully inserted it into my bag. I was officially packed. 

"But the trials..." Marian looked scared. My heart broke. 

"You'll have to convince the king on your own," I said quietly. "I'm sorry." 

Marian shook her head. "Don't be. Just get back home safe. Ok?" 

I nodded. "Ok." 

"So you won't be sleeping the next few days as you travel?" Marian asked. When I nodded, she said, "I'll get you some of my keep awake herbal tea." She smiled. "Remember that assignment? Mine was so strong it kept the test subject awake for two days, and he only had one cup." 

I sniggered. "And I started a fire trying to enchant the leaves they gave us. I remember. I almost failed that class." 

"My tea's probably lost a bit of potency now, but still, be careful," Marian said. "A cup a day should probably be enough."

I nodded. "You should go get it. I'd like to leave by sunset." 

Saban

As the sun rose the next day, my mistress and I were on the road once more. I could tell she wanted to hurry, but she kept to a relatively slow pace. Probably worried about the horse. After all, it had only gotten to the capital recently, so it hadn't had much time to rest. 

I was... Uneasy. To defend herself on the road, Anita needed to be able to use magic, but her power reserves were dangerously low, and she wouldn't rest to restore them out of fear of what I might do while she slept. I had tried to convince her to rest while at the palace, but I could barely believe my feelings for her myself. How could I expect her to believe in them? And my aversion to hurting her didn't exactly apply to other mortals, so maybe she was right not to trust me. 

We came to a fork in the road that evening. Well, sort of a fork. One path, the one we had arrived by, was well traveled, with deep ruts left by wagons and lots of hoofprints, and the other was barely a path at all. There was a sign denoting the well traveled path as the Rowan Way, and the grass covered trail as the Cendan Border Road. My mistress stopped, chewed on her lip for a bit, and then took the less traveled side of the fork. I grabbed her horse's bridle. "Shouldn't we be going the other way?" 

She looked down at me impatiently. "This is a shortcut. Let go of the bridle." 

I knew a bit about Cendan from the memories I had acquired during the summoning and pledge. It was a rocky country with poor soil, forever raiding its neighbors for supplies. Its capital city was the interesting part. It apparently had a portal to my world, the demonrealm, in a large temple there. Sacrifices, usually captives from raids, were thrown in, and demons came out. Or, at least, they use to. I seemed to remember that, while the priests of Cendan still summoned demons regularly, the portal had been quiet for about 200 years or so. I wondered idly who this demon lord was, and why he or she wasn't taking advantage of such a useful thing. The moral population believed that the demon lord had lost interest. I doubted that. No demon lost interest in potential power. 

I was also wondering what my mistress thought she was doing. "If it's a shortcut, why is it so little used?" 

My mistress snorted. "Because it's considered dangerous. I, however, am a wizard. I can take a few wild lesser demons. Now, shut up and let go!" 

Not with low power reserves you can't, I thought as I was forced to obey. She was probably doing this because she wanted me in a cage as soon as possible. I hated that my actions were causing her to take risks like this. 

The first hour or so was uneventful. Then we entered the forest. Soon, a thick canopy of leaves blocked out the meager light of the moon and stars. My mistress summoned a light. It was very dim, barely enough for her horse to see where it was going. Fortunately, I had good eyes, and could see well in the dark. 

We stopped for a rest an hour later, and my mistress kindled a fire so she could have a cup of keep awake tea. I noticed that she used a flint and steel, not her magic. Her reserves were very low indeed. I felt a bit guilty. 

I protested a bit when she chained me up and gagged me. "I want to relax awhile," Anita impatiently explained. "And I can't do that while you're loose. Or talking."

Because of the gag, I was unable to warn her when I felt another demon approach. It was a lesser demon, moving quickly. I began to fight the restraints. I could break free, but could I break free in time? 

Anita

I was just starting to drink my tea when the demon began to thrash. I groaned. "Stop that," I ordered without looking over. 

He was fighting my orders much harder than normal. I was just beginning to wonder why he was so frantic when, suddenly, I was encased in a translucent, sticky net. Before I could begin to cast a spell, before I could even think about what to cast, a giant spider was on top of me. My horse panicked, pulling free of its tether and bolting. I couldn't blame it. The spider was bigger than it was. 

The webbing the spider began to loop around me was thin, but strong. Soon I was too encased in webbing to gesture or speak. As the spider bared its fangs, I began to form a fireball in my mind. I hoped it would be enough. 

As the spider's fangs sank into my arm, I felt a sharp pain. Then, seconds later, all thought of fighting back faded from my mind as waves of bliss washed over me. I smiled.

Saban

As the spider attacked, Anita's command faded from my mind, and I renewed my struggle against the shackles. Soon she was encased in webbing. When the spider bit her, I began to panic. I knew of this breed of lesser demon. The real danger was its venom. Anita smiled woozily up at the spider, and I knew it was up to me to save her from whatever it decided to do to her. If it was a female, it might... I growled at the thought. 

Anita

The spider pulled its webbing away from my crotch, and ripped through my traveling pants like a kid opening a present. I continued to grin. Whatever she wanted was ok with me. When my loins were bare, the spider began to insert its egg laying thingy... Its ovipositor into my pussy. My smile broadened. I was going to be a mommy. 

Her member was thicker than Saban's, but, oddly, it didn't hurt. It just sent waves of shuddering pleasure through my body. I moaned, and arched up toward my lover as best I could while bound in webbing. The ovipositor went in deeper and deeper. The spider shuddered, and I felt warm liquid gush into me. I closed my eyes and sighed happily. 

Soon after the first egg, big around as a man's fist, began to make its way down the tube. As it shoved its way into my pussy, past my dilated cervix, and into my womb, I came, hard. It was magnificent. I never knew I could feel this good. I had just come out of the orgasm and was blinking dizzily up at her, the spider, the source of my pleasure when the second egg entered me. I came again. And again. And again. And again. 

Saban

I fought helplessly, growling, as the spider began to fill my Anita with its eggs. She came each time one entered her womb, though it should have hurt like hell to have something that big stuffed into her. The eggs came faster and faster, until she was basically having one continuous orgasm. My eyes glowed red. 

Soon her belly began to bulge with the intruders. Still the eggs kept coming, and still I couldn't break free. I focused my efforts on the shackles around my legs. When they finally snapped, Anita looked 9 months pregnant. The spider began to withdraw its ovipositor from her thrashing form.

I awkwardly maneuvered myself to my feet, and charged the spider. My head rammed into its abdomen. It squealed, and tried to wrap me with webbing, but I was stronger than its webs. I heatbutted it again. It squealed again, and began to retreat, attempting to take Anita with it. I was not about to let that happen. 

The shackles around my wrist, weakened by my long struggle, finally gave way. I materialized a sword in one of my hands, and plunged it into the creature's abdomen. The spider screamed as I split it open. Eggs and ichor gushed from the wound. I shoved Anita away from the rush of acidic blood, and shielded her with my body. Patches of my skin dissolved away in the flow, and then grew back almost instantly as I healed. 

In a last ditch effort to survive, the spider tried to bite. I blocked with my arm. One of its fangs sank into, and through, my hand. I gripped the fang, and ripped it out, unleashing another rush of blood. I plunged the fang into one of its eyes, and my sword into another. The spider stumbled back. It twitched madly, then fell over on its back, dead. 

I turned to Anita. Carefully, I removed the spider's silk from her. She blinked up at me, confused, and then smiled as I carefully inserted my hand into her pussy. Her cervix, which had been dilated by the liquid the spider released into her pussy, was already beginning to close. I doubted I could remove an egg without seriously tearing something. Not with these large, clumsy hands. I removed the gag. 

"Anita," I told her gently, "I need you to do something for me."

"Mmmmmmm..." Anita slurred. "Where did the spider go?"

"Anita, I need to remove these eggs," I insisted. 

"I like the eggs," Anita murmured. "They feel nice. Saban? Why are you so worried?" 

"I'm worried because, when your cervix closes and the egg fluid dries, it will be nearly impossible to get the eggs out. Then, pretty soon, as the painkiller wears off, they won't feel so nice. And then they'll hatch, and-" 

"And I'll be a mommy," Anita sighed happily. 

"No, they'll eat their way out from the inside, and you'll die. These eggs will kill you, Anita!" I was close to yelling. 

Anita closed her eyes. Her breathing began to deepen.

"Anita. Snap out of it." I was close to panicking now. "You're a wizard. Snap out of it!"

I slapped her. Not with my full strength, of course. It was a human level slap. It was enough, however, to bring her out of her stupor. 

"Wha-" Anita blinked. "Saban?" 

"Anita," I said. "Listen to me. I need you to allow me to shapeshift. Ok?"

Anita's eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Why? What happened? What did you do?" 

"You got attacked by a Demon Spider," I explained, guiding her head to look down at her bulging stomach. "It laid eggs in you. Remember?" 

Anita turned pale. "Saban-" 

I covered her mouth. "No, listen to me. I need you to allow me to shapeshift. Ok? We have to remove the eggs now." I lifted my hand.

Anita swallowed. "You have my permission to shapeshift." 

"Good girl," I said. I shifted one of my hands into a slender tentacle, and reached into Anita's pussy. 

At first I thought that I was too late, that her cervix had closed, but then I found the opening. It was still just barely dilated enough. Quickly, but carefully, I extracted an egg. Then another. Soon her stomach was just stretched, not bulging. But her cervix was still closing, and I hadn't gotten all the eggs out. The next one made Anita wince. 

"Painkiller wearing off?" I asked. 

"Keep going," she ordered. 

After that each egg removal got progressively more painful as her body remembered that being stretched like this wasn't a good thing. Anita bit her lip until it bled. "No one will think less of you if you cry," I told her. 

"Shut up," she ordered through clenched teeth, and I had no choice but to be silent. 

I was beginning to wonder if I would finish before the size of her cervix opening made removing the eggs unfeasible. I was having to carefully pop each egg free now. Despite herself, Anita was starting to cry. 

I was reaching for another egg when I realized that this was the last one. I was going to make it, I realized with relief. This one, though, came out a bit bloody as her cervix tore, just a little. Anita screamed, and then began to weep, losing her hold on the command preventing me from speaking. I pulled her into my lap and made soothing noises. "It's over now. You're ok." 

Anita stopped crying abruptly. She looked up at me suspiciously. "Why?"

"Why what?" I murmured, lightly kissing her on the forehead. 

"Why save me? Why not feed while I was in pain? Or while I was euphoric? Why in the hell are you being so nice!" Her last question was closer to an exclamation than a question. 

She tried to stand. I tried to stop her. "Let me up!" she ordered, and I obeyed. As she stood, wincing, she told me to go find the horse. This command I fought. I didn't want to leave her alone. 

"Aren't most lesser demons territorial?" Anita snapped. "Particularly the animal like ones? What are the odds of another being near by?" 

She had a point. I reluctantly went to fetch her horse. It wasn't a particularly flighty animal, and had been trained to tolerate demons, so it hadn't gone far. When I got it back, Anita didn't let me help her mount up. She didn't even let me touch her. It was... Irksome. I had just saved her life, after all. 

We reached the town surrounding Rowan Castle around dawn. Apparently the Cendan Border Road really was a shortcut. By then, Anita looked a bit less suspicious. More smug. 

"I really did a number on you, didn't I?" she asked abruptly, as we walked through the gate, past the sleepy guards, and into the empty town. 

"Excuse me?" I responded, looking up at her. 

"The binding. I did a really good job. That's why you saved me, isn't it?" she queried, sounding very proud of herself indeed. "It's the only logical reason." 

She would never believe the real reason. It was far, far from logical. Reluctantly, I nodded. 

"So you couldn't have actually done anything to break the binding back at the palace, when you overpowered me. That would put me in danger, and you're not allowed to endanger me. I was perfectly safe the whole time," she said. 

And why shouldn't she be proud of herself? I wondered. Why shouldn't I give her this moment of satisfaction? "Yes, mistress," I pretended to admit. "While I did greatly enjoy your fear, you were never in danger." That at least was true. I did enjoy her fear, a bit, and she was really never in any danger.

I looked up at her hopefully. "Does this mean I will be allowed to bring you to orgasm again?" 

She considered it. "Not immediately. You still need to be punished so you learn to behave. But, eventually, yes, you will." 

And, suddenly, everything was alright in my world. Anita was safe, and she, believing her binding kept me from mischief, would allow me greater freedom in the future. And, best of all, I could make her cum again. Well, I would be able to eventually. I was a patient demon. I could wait.