 Part 0 - Introduction - Not knowing can be Dangerous... and Fun! 

Dear Emporium Shop Owner, 

Here is an account of my experience as you requested. 

The magic marble you gave me manifested a garment for my wife and my pleasure. I lay on the bed, naked, watching my wife holding the garment to her skin. When it's impossibly thin and improbably silky texture touched her chest, her eyes rolled back into her head, and her legs wobbled slightly threatening to make her fall again. You could tell by watching her body react that even the merest touch of the cloth on any part of her magically sent waves of pure pleasure coursing through her body. I wanted to jump up and help her whenever I saw her will waver, but my wife had foreseen this and warned me not to come close to her while she mustered herself to put on the garment. She had said that if she knew I was close or so much as saw me in the mirror that it would probably be enough to break her concentration. She also mentioned that if I touched her to steady her, she would probably instantly break down in an orgasmic heap on the floor. I didn't see a problem with this, but she scowled at me knowing what I was thinking, she was after all determined to get the garment on so we could enjoy it together. Whatever it was. 

Well, maybe I should back up some. Let's start back to just before we met you, and you changed our lives. 

My wife and I had been married for almost 10 years. A friend noticed that my sex life with my wife was getting a tad stale so this friend of ours had enticed us to visit a specific magic shop in town and to mention the passphrase "Sex Magic, Chocolate, and Orgasms" to the owner. Once we found the store, we entered it nervously. Inside the store looked, felt, and smelled just like any other novelty magic shop. Nothing out of the ordinary, nothing sexual about it. My wife kept herself busy in the store off in the distance but within earshot. I could see her out of the corner of my eye messing with some magnetic "magic trick" trying to act normal, but obviously failing as I walked up to the owner. He was eyeing my wife suspiciously like he thought she was going to shoplift or something. Then, looking at my face, he seemed to understand something unsaid and asked me if I had something I wanted to say to him. "Sex Magic, Chocolate, and Orgasms" I responded feeling stupid saying this to a complete stranger. "Thought so," the owner replied, "ask your wife to come over here with us please." A little taken aback that he was assuming she was my wife or wondering what powers he had to read our minds I was a little shocked when he told me, unprompted, that he knew we were married because he had seen our matching rings, and to that point our friend had told him we were coming. I didn't know if I was more disturbed by my thoughts of him being a mind reader or wondering how he knew that I was wondering if he was a mind reader! 

The owner took one last look at his magic shop and walked us back behind a curtain. I could have sworn that I had noticed it being a small changing room only minutes before but now it was a small office, I silently thought to myself that I need to pay better attention to my surroundings. "Mr. & Mrs. Shelton, I would like to welcome you to my shop, I hope to be able to help in whatever manner you desire." The owner then pointed us politely to two chairs in front of his desk. This time it was my wife's look of shock that spurred him to say, in a slightly exasperated way "Mr. Vesmit told me you would be coming of course." My wife made a little sound that was somewhere between a squeak and an "ahh" and blushed in embarrassment. "Let me just tell you that Mr. Vesmit and his wife have been longtime customers with me and told me to give you my regards when you arrived. He also suggested the marbles, and I agree." 

"The marbles?" I asked confused. "I don't even..." The store owner continued to talk as if he was reciting some prepared speech. Something about it just *felt* contractually binding but I could not place my finger on it. "Here at the Emporium, we strive to serve the needs of our clients. It became apparent to me years ago that what a lot of people needed was a bit of assistance in the bedroom more than anything, so I started a new line of products. These products are my own creation and are for sale only by me, may not be transferred, re-sold, or gifted. Almost all of the products are custom designed for the user or users, and some of the reactants are quite pricey to acquire; hence the price tags can be a little steep. Mr. Vesmit and I agree though that, as a friend of one of my first and most loyal customers we would like you to receive two marbles for only 1 cent. Upon receiving these marbles, you agree to use them only on each other or yourselves and no one else. You also agree that you will not discuss any of my products with anyone that has not used at least one of my Venus line of products. Breach of these terms will be... dealt with." The last part of his speech was firm but did not feel to me to be a threat per say, just a friendly warning. "Do you agree to these terms?" My wife and I nodded without hesitation. "Please say yes or no." the owner said simply. "Yes." We both replied as I felt a slight breeze lifted my hair even though the room was windowless and seemed to have no place for a breeze to come from with the curtain shut. 

"tdinkle, tdinkle... tdinkle, tdinkle". Hearing the noise outside of his office, the owner swept out of the room, letting us know he would only be a moment. From inside the small office we heard him greet someone very pleasantly and start a conversation with them in a language I had never heard before, the language felt somehow familiar... earthy and pleasant on the ears but also unintelligible in every way, even the syllables were all foreign to my mind. I looked around the office, I met my wife's eyes somewhere in the middle for a moment as we took in the entirely normal-seeming office. I looked behind my wife (to our left) and noticed that the curtain looked heavy and supple, but otherwise, it seemed ordinary too. Taking my own advice from earlier I decided to take in more details of my surroundings, but I could not find anything out of the ordinary here. 

Soon the owner was back in the office, again sitting across from us behind his desk. After sitting down, he seemed to suddenly remember what he was doing and got up and walked to my right to open a small door in the wall and my wife gasped. Turning to look I almost gasped also but held it in. I was not sure if I was more surprised by the fact that I had not remembered that door even being there or at the sheer darkness of the room and the brightly glowing multi-colored objects within. The light from the office did not even seem to be able to penetrate this doorway. The owner squeezed through the small door and walked into the darkness within becoming nothing more than a silhouetted figure against the dots of light coming from hundreds of shelves within. The room was full of mostly non-descript items that seemed blurred due to being so bright against the impossible darkness. I could see jewelry on displays that seemed to shine as though they were under a spotlight. There were jars filled with what could only be described as jellyfish made of light. Though the jars seemed to be filled with air and not liquid, these lights floated around inside anyway. I could see clear boxes with small little shiny, glowing, or blinking things inside. Then something grabbed my attention, it was a masculine looking silver crown that seemed to grow closer to me as I watched it and I could see it in more and more detail making it contrast against the other nondescript items in the room even more. Though the crown did not move from its shelf, I felt as though it was coming toward me like some kind of optical illusion. Then my revelry was broken as the door was closed and I was snapped back to my senses. 

The owner sat back at his desk. "Just out of curiosity," the owner said as he set a small black silk bag down on the desk between the three of us "what was the last thing that you saw as you looked into that room?" I immediately responded strongly "Crown" as my wife breathily sighed "choker." "Ahh, that's interesting, those both tend to be uncommon answers, but it's a sad day when both people in a couple both say Crown or both say choker, you two, on the other hand, seem to be a good match for each other. There are many, many more interesting things in that room that other people notice, but you will always be drawn to the one thing that fits your personality the best, just as that object is drawn to you... But now I'm rambling." 

"Well, I don't want to spoil the surprise too much so let's just give you the basic instructions for these two items. Both marbles are the same regardless of their color. You will each, in turn, take a shower then take a long bath and relax with your mind as free of the troubles of the day as possible. After about 45 minutes or so you will get out of the bathtub and place one of the marbles into the tub. Leave the bathroom, close the door, and come back 15 minutes later. In the tub you will find that an item has replaced the marble. The bath will have absorbed your essence, and the marble in turn, will know what you need and give you that item. When you see the item that was created in your bath, you will instinctively know how to use it since it is something of your own creation. Whatever is created will probably last no more than a couple of hours, but the creation's effects may last up to 12 hours. On that note, I very much enjoy getting stories back from my Patrons letting me know what was produced from each of your marbles. Well I have some work to do for that last client that came in, another custom crafted product, and those take a lot of my time and concentration, so I'll leave you two to your frivolities. Just remember that whatever happens, just go with it, enjoy it. It will be a creation of your own making and no matter what the lasting effects won't be more than 12 hours give or take. Good day to you." 

As we were ushered out of his office and past the curtain and the owner walked away, I poked my head back into the curtain. The thin door was still there, along with the office. Though, as I held the shop's door open for my wife, I could have sworn I caught a glimpse of a changing room behind the slightly open curtain. Walking down the street I defiantly caught a glimpse of the owner smirking at me knowingly. I wondered if he was smirking about the marbles or because his office had presumably turned back into a changing room. 

After getting home my wife and I discussed the experience at the store. We marveled at how we both had the feeling that there was something magical about all of it even though the idea of magic was never directly discussed. She also agreed that the choker had drawn her in as the crown had done to me and that she didn't realize there was an office there, or that there was a door behind me (on our right). We also agreed that we both could have just been missing the little details due to the excitement of the whole thing. After all, Matt had worked us up pretty good about the entire thing, even though he had told us almost nothing as far as details. Over lunch we discussed enthusiastically the other items of light and sparkle that had been behind the door, wondering what other treasures may have resided in there. We both mused about how that other customer seemed to be speaking a language that was not possible to comprehend or even reproduce, and yet the language felt natural and know. Of course, our speculations spun us down a wild path of the mystical and magical because we didn't even know what the items we possessed were going to do yet. For all we know, these marbles could be just deluxe versions of those sponges ready to expand to something when placed in water. The entire thing could be an elaborate joke. We seemed to be laughing at ourselves just in case, but either way, the night was enjoyable, and the lunch was fantastic as usual. 

Once lunch was made I went to start clearing off the table and my wife smacked my hand and pointed upstairs telling me to go get my marble done so that we could get started with the fun, she would clean up. 

Part 1 - His Bauble 

I followed the instructions for my marble, getting out of the bath once it had become too cool to be enjoyable anymore. I dropped the marble into the tub. Unsurprisingly it just sunk to the bottom and slowly rolled toward the plugged drain uneventfully. I closed the door on the bathroom and was surprised to find my wife already on the bed in a very sexy teddy and stockings. I went to lay with her (having set an egg timer in the bathroom to 15 minutes already). I spooned with my wife holding her body to mine, both of us facing toward the bathroom. She reached her upper arm behind my head, turned her face to mine and kissed me deeply while pressing her ass back into my crotch with a little grinding motion. I returned the kiss and reached around to grab a breast through the silky soft material of her light pink teddy. She gasped softly, and I pinched her nipple playfully hard. She squeaked quietly and grinned taking a little playful nip at my upper lip in return. For the next few minutes I pet her body with my free hand, and just as I was reaching into her panties, the timer in the bathtub went off. With a groan of despair, my wife let go of the back of my head (she had kept her arm there to guide my kisses to the back of her neck while I pet her). She spun off of the bed and stood there watching me expectantly. Even though she tried to look at my seriously I could tell she was having a hard time pulling off the look. She chanced a glance down at my cock and smirked with a hungry look in her eyes while she bit the corner of her lower lip, but only for a second before recomposing herself to look serious again. I knew better though, her look was not fooling me, she was hardly restraining herself. I could see that her nipples were hard, and her chest was flushed with color. 

I got up and went to the bathroom. What I found kind of took me by surprise. The bathtub was void of water or bubble bath suds, and all that was left was what looked like a wet skin toned plastic bag with 2 large and 2 smaller golden hoops sewn into it. As I lifted the "bag," I realized that it was neither wet nor was it plastic. It was more like a super fine shiny silk. It seemed to just roll off my fingers when I attempted to lift it. It took some concentration to pick it up as it just seemed to slide out of my hands like dry sand. Holding it up higher I also realized that the hoops were somewhat flexible and that they were attached on the outside of the fabric not contained inside. A little more inspecting let me see that the fabric was designed to be some type of garment. Just like my wife's super small sexy pairs of panties it took me a while to figure out which holes went where. Then it dawned on me. It was some kind of body sock that would cover most of the torso leaving 2 of the gold hoops at the upper arms a couple inches from the armpits and 2 of the golden hoops at the upper thighs. The head and neck would come through the cloth at an opening that was seamless though I did notice the tiniest finest gold zipper I had ever seen at the base of the V-neck. The entire garment was otherwise seamless. "Honey?" my wife called from the bedroom. One last look at the fabric and it dawned on me. The skin tone of the cloth did not match my skin at all, but I had a sneaking suspicion that it would be a perfect match for my wife's. 

Meeting my wife half way (she was coming to check on me), I held the garment up to her without a word while she just looked at it slightly stunned. Wherever the garment touched her skin, it blended in so well that you could not even really see where it stopped, and she started. Well, you could still see that it was shinier than her real skin and it blurred the beauty marks that could hardly be seen through its thin fabric. I pressed the garment to her chest, and as the cloth stretched around her breasts and stomach she sucked in a gasp of air, and her knees went wobbly, and she fell to the floor panting. Now it was my turn to be stunned. I was still standing there holding the garment out where her chest had just been when I heard her say "WOW, just... WOW" from below. "I almost came! What the hell is that thing, and help me up, my legs and arms feel weak." 

I laid the garment down on the bed, having to readjust it because it tried to slink off the edge on its own like so much water on an umbrella. I stepped back to admire it. "Is it for me?" my wife asked. "I'm pretty sure it is. You know I really thought that the marble was going to create something for me, not for you, but we will see when it's all said and done... put it on." The last part had come out a little like a command, a little too stern, and the memory of the silver Crown crept into my mind for a fraction of a second. Looking pleased and a little bamboozled she stepped up to the bed and appraised the garment. "This thing came out of that marble huh? I wonder... ohh... I wonder... wond..." She broke off as her fingers ran over the cloth. The illusion of the clothing being made of water was even more apparent as I could have sworn I saw waves form in the cloth that spread out like ripples in a pond where she touched, but they were so fleeting and unapparent that you could not say if you had seen them or not. I wondered momentarily if this garment was made of the water in the tub that had gone missing, condensed 1000s of times into this "magic" cloth. But realizing how ridiculous that idea was, I pushed it out of my mind. 

I watched my wife caress the cloth with her left hand like it was a lover, she was doing more than examining it now, she seemed absorbed in it. Looking at her face, I could see why, her eyes were closed and flickering while her right hand was slowly, seemingly unconsciously sliding towards her crotch. I reached out and grabbed her left arm lovingly. A lot happened at once, at my touch her eyes shot open and rolled right up into her head, both her hands clenched, her knees fell into the bed causing the garment to slink to the floor passing between her thighs on its way down. As the garment caressed her inner thighs my wife let out a wail of pleasure like I had only experienced when we were newlyweds and the sex was fresh and new. She stood there for a moment, her body shaking slightly, her stomach tight while she held her right hand over it and her left hand reached up to grab her right breast, pinching the nipple there. She allowed herself to fall forward onto the bed and she just lay there resting, her breathing fast and shallow, her stomach still rolling with some kind of contractions. She was moaning softly, her light pink teddy had ridden up, and her fantastic ass was exposed to me. I could see glistening wetness between her legs as I noticed that her thighs were pressed together as hard as she could, and her ankles were crossed only an inch from where the garment had fallen. She somewhat looked like she was trying to hold in a piss, but that didn't matter. From here her sex looked so inviting. The only reason I didn't shove my hard cock into her right then and there was that her body movements seemed to be that of pure bliss and I didn't want to interrupt her... whatever this was. 

Not having any idea what to do or what just happened I just stood there, stock still in a dazed shock while my wife's breathing calmed down from staccato shots of air to more smooth rolling sighs. Once she had composed herself some, she looked at me with an expression that told me a million things at once. I could not even begin to explain the understanding that passed between us at that moment, so I'll just say this: it was mostly a mixture of surprise, excitement, thanks, and determination. After the brief look, she bent down to pick up the pile of cloth on the floor and gasped slightly as she picked it up and set it back on the bed. She had to place one hand on the bed just for balance. 
