 Duncan Cyrus, age 25, Dream Part 2 

I was born around the time game systems became the new sensation. Beginning of the downfall for children social activities. Anyway, I was invited over one night from a few old high school classmates for a party. They said there would be games, food, and music. Just a chilling time for old mates. Considering how I didn't really hangout with anyone until my first dorm mate in college, I was skeptical of going, but I was ahead on my research paper for class so I decided to take the night off. 

I arrived pretty much close to the beginning so I was able to see a lot of familiar faces as they came in. Total of about thirty people showed up. Some with food, some with refreshments, others games. The gist of the theme was team play. The hosts, a married couple, had a seventy inch plus TV mounted to the wall and a Wii. Mario Party and other games like it with the appropriate hardware was neatly organized in the huge living area. All eating was to be done in the kitchen. 

I'm not a fan of Wii, I like the controller only play, but I still played. You could tell who the experts were and who the rookies were. On my team I was one of two males and the rest were females. We were definitely a team because we set up our rotation due to experience, hand eye coordination, and reaction time. I was in the middle of our rotation. I was told I would help with either keeping a lead or getting us back up in ranking if we were lagging behind. 

We weren't the most competitive group, but we took it seriously about winning. Most fun I had in a while around a group of people. Our leader was a brown, short haired bbw. If I remember correctly her name was Patty. Though she took the lead role she was also nice. She knew how to motivate without being unbearable. It didn't matter to me, I'm a game head so I wanted to do my best. 

We played Mario Party for the most part. It was nice watching Patty play. She was all in it. She trashed talked, but it was funny. People trashed talked to me but I just smiled back at them. Patty was impressed with my play, not at first of course, because I never played at all before that night. I was definitely the rookie of the group but I adjusted well-enough. 

In between turns she would walk with me into the kitchen to grab a quick snack before her turn. Patty's cheeks puffed out when she chewed. She was dainty too. I was surprised she didn't break a nail while playing. We chit chatted about our jobs mostly. She worked at a company that consults and she is a team leader on top of being in management. 

When we won matches she would do this goofy bounce and clap. It caught me off guard at first but I soon just smiled after every time I saw it. Patty is round. Her titties, like globes; her stomach was stuck out but nicely; her ass was muscular with layers of fat over it. I think she loved doing palates exercises. She told me it's like "getting-off" for her. 

So the dancing portion of the night I could barely contain myself. I went for a bathroom break longer than necessary for a piss. I relieved myself of the tension and went back to the party to become once again watching Patty move. One last stroke session that night before bed took about fifteen minutes without any pause and some oil. Patty again. The image was her wrapping her lips around my dick and swallowing it whole until I busted on her face. Simple and sweet. 

Until the dream I had. It was pretty fucking weird. That Mario Bros really must've gotten in my head. The last thing I remembered was me in green overalls walking through life with a full goatee and mustache and a green baseball cap. My hair was gone which I feel was the nightmare part. Then she came onto scene. A piranha plant in human form. Well, I think it was a plant in human form, or human in plant form, or a human wearing the pattern of the piranha plant. Anyway, you know the huge, bulbous head it has, well think of using that shape as the body on the female in my dream. Her long hair, I guessed, were vines with a very nice shade of green, and thick. Small cute feet; juicy, fat lips; and sharp teeth. 

I was barely able to wrap my arms around her spherical form. I dug my fingers into her monstrous bum and she hissed. Her tongue was long and wet as she noosed my neck. My dick was up to half mast but she made it full by sucking it with extreme ease. I reached in my pocket and apparently I had mushrooms hidden away. I ate a red one which increased my wrenches girth. She flinched at the sudden growth spurt. She stood back up and pulled me by my rod over to an abandoned building of some sorts. I plunged into her sopping triangle as droplets spewed out. I think it was chlorophyll or something. Her innards squeezed me with every thrust that I was about to cum too quickly. So I ate a green mushroom. I felt my stamina increase and so did my speed. Ever heard of a hissing moan, well, it's barely audible but her facial expressions were priceless. Her eyes begged for more and drool fell off the edges of her mouth. I was about to cum and then I awoke with the sickest stiffy ever. Then Patty rolled over and told me she'd take care of it for me. That was the ride of my life up til then.