 Lord Oblian was a naive soul, but somehow, had enough money to pay for my services. You see I am no ordinary mercenary. Some would call me a Black Knight, but I have only one horse, and was forced to sell my armor and honor long ago. I was barely a cavalry unit anymore.

If Lord Oblian had one skill, it would be his frugality. But in all other matters he was impotent. He was as intelligent as a hog, and looked quite similar. He was as handsome as a dog, and sounded similar as well. This made it all the more surprising when I met my charge, his daughter.

Before I go on you must know, I have been hired to kill and fight, but more often then not, groups would be hired for war, and lone solders such as myself were hired as bodyguards. We knew better then to harm our wards, and as an ex cavalier, even I must admit, betraying the trust of a lord seams out of taste for a person of my background. 

With all this in mind, when I saw his flower, I still could not resist the thought of doing all kinds of evil things to her. She was just of marrying age, if a little older. No older then eight and ten years, but she was surly a woman. No one seamed to have told her father this, and he treated her like a girl of ten, And with her long golden hair and blue eyes, I saw such Nordic beauty. I prefer the southern tastes myself, having experienced Italy and my Spain during my campaigns, but I must say that her assets was much more prominent then any I had ever seen. Her skin the color of blushing moonlight, her dainty, form fitting gown, her natural curves and supple limbs, and, of course, her breasts and rear, but those where merely toppings on the cake. I resisted taking a bite of the seducing sweet treat and reminded myself of the fates of all those poor sods convicted of touching such forbidden fruits. 

My only outward reaction to seeing her, thus, was a gulp of stress. 

"She is my only child, but you see, I wish her not to be taken by my enemies during our move to my family river side castle." The lord explained. "So I must have her travel light along the trial, with a guard such as yourself, as not to gather unwanted attention. It will only be two days journey, and I should arrive the same time along a different route."

A night?! I was to spend a night with this girl?! Alone?! Lord Oblian truly either was a man of faith, or a fool. Though, I have seen these often overlap. As a warrior, I knew best that a battle avoided was a battle won, so I came with my horse and supplies for a few days, and enough money to pay off any bandit wishing us harm. So with my young ward and I on the trail, alone together we traveled in silence with me on my horse and she on hers. I wearily took sidelong glances at her. She did not speak, but her eyes were trained on me. I felt an awkward reverence in her stare.

"So, you are a knight?" She asked. Her mouth. Her voice. It was like an angel's voice, so smooth, and her mouth... I guiltily imaged something bigger then her words inside of it.

"I was." I answered. A black knight rarely enjoys speaking of their history. This is why they paint their armor black. I personally wore leather armor and riding trousers, but you understand my point.

"So you have seen the world?" She asked, still looking at me up and down... Did she find me attractive? I supposed I was not too ugly was I? I always assumed I was, but I had been told that some women do like that 'rugged' approach. And I damn near perfected that look. My hair was black, ragged, and had only been cut by blunt knifes all my life. It was long enough to hide my green eyes, but not the scars around them. Fighting without a helmet had taken some practice, I can tell you that much. There was a scar above my right eye, along my jaw... but you don't care about those bits do you. I'll move on.

"Every day." I responded. She giggled. I supposed she was not used to wit, living with her father all her life. 

"I've never left my castles walls before... and I have never met a real man before..." I had to take a second to calm the creature below my legs as I heard her say this. I didn't know better I would call that a questionable statement for a lady of her position to make... downright risqué. But I surmised she must have inherited some naivety from her father, if not any of his looks.

"What do you mean? Your father seams man enough. Quite a noble one." Quite a rich one more like it. I had heard he reached his position because the Lords father in law, the previous Lord, had bankrupted the land, and could not afford to give his daughter to one of noble blood, so instead, gave her to a rich merchant. It was quite the scandalous story. One you could be hanged for if you told to the wrong people.

"My father is distant though." The little angel began, "and he trusts no one but my handmaidens to come anywhere near me. And while I have been educated greatly, I have yet to meet any suitors. I think due to the sordid rumors of my families past." 

"I'm sure your father would not let your beauty go to waste." I commented, not very happy with either topic of conversation offered. Neither her past, nor her relationship with men would be a respectable discussion. 

"What experience do you have?" She asked.

"I have fought in a few campaigns." I noted. "I once led a small band of men against a much larger force... I lost, but I think it's a virtue that I survived it anyways." I laughed. She did so as well.

"That is not what I meant." She added, looking into my eyes knowingly. I thought I saw her lick her lip, but forced myself to believe I imagined it. 

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"What experience to you have... with women?" she asked. 

"I have few experiences that your ears should be graced with." I thought I was being witty.

"But those are the only ones I wish to hear about." She responded. There can be no mistake this time. That smile around her lips was wet, and very suggestive. Perhaps she did not inherit naivety from her father, and in fact, inherited an infidelity from her mother. That would quite explain why she bared no resemblance to her father.

"I don't think you father would wish you to hear them." I answered adamantly.

"I'll tell you a secret of mine, if you tell me yours." She responded. She adjusted her seat of her horse, and I swore for a second that she touched herself, between her legs, before sitting back down and waiting for my reply. 

"I'm sorry, but for the reputation for all those involved, I cannot speak on this topic." I said. 

"Every night, I think of a man I see outside my window, and I touch myself under the sheets." she looked up and down my body like a lion stalking prey, and my 'prey' began to stiffen in preparation. 

"This is not what we should..." I started with a cough.

"I'll tell you another one." She said. A child was seducing me... well, young woman, and I was hardly an old man, but...

"A few nights ago, I had the milk maid strip and suck my bedside candle until it was slick." I was silent. Before I could think up a response she finished, "Guess where I had her put the candle next?"

"Lady, Please..." my cock was rock hard, thankfully my riding trousers were baggy enough to hide it, but her sheer fabric left nothing around her chest to the imagination. I was flustered.

"I'll give you a hint. It wasn't inside her." She added. Her eyes were on my legs, or rather, the mystery in-between them. "But I want to feel the real thing..."

"Oblia." I said, a bit louder then normal volume. "I am bound my oath not to touch you..."

"I am under no such oath." She said. "And if a cock is like a candle..." 

"If you want a man so badly then you must remain pure. No suitor will..." I tried to argue.

"You would tell no one, for fear of your life." she reasoned. "And you have my word I would tell no one, for hope of a future repeat of events." She smiled.

"In three fourths a year, they would not need any witnesses to know..." I started.

"You know as well as I that there are many ways to lay a hand on a woman. Many ways to avoid that complication." I suddenly began imagining all the ways. Every crevice of her body, every position and form she could possibly make with those lithe muscles. 

"Think of other things." he tried to command her, just as much as he tried to command himself.

"But don't you see? This is my one chance." She spoke. "To be with a man... a man with... experiences." She ended. 

"You father hired me, and so I owe him a debt." I tried to keep my restitution as hard as my cock, but I wasn't sure if it were possible.

"If it if money you want, I brought enough to pay you double for the service..." She said, motioning to a pouch by the side of her steed.

"I am not a whore that you can buy." I said.

"You are one who sells himself to others." she said. "That's a whore if ever I saw one."

"I am a Black Knight." I tried to say with honor. "Once bought, my loyalty cannot wavier."

"Ah, just as your loyalty has never wavered?" My fists tightened suddenly. Wrath began to replace lust. He comment triggered a fiery memory. "That is a Knights greatest trait yes? Loyalty? That's the only thing that separates you from a slave." I tried to control my anger, but this girl had gone to far. I knew exactly what she was trying to do. "My father did his research before choosing you as my guard. We looked through your history." My green eyes looked into her pure blue ones. Each of us looked at the other with a deadly sin, but mine was far more malevolent then hers. "What kind of man kills his own father?"

I leapt from my horse and tackled her to the ground from her horse. She screamed, but in an instant had her arms above her head, and her back against the ground. The horses ran off a few feet, not quite sure what to do. We were to far out for anyone to hear her.

"That slime was no father to anyone, no husband to my mother, and no lord of mine!" I spat into her face. "I owed him no loyalty!" Her eyes were wide in shock, her dress was torn from the impact, and her bosom heaved up and down from the attack. "This is the real world. And people are not toys to be played around with." I let go of her wrists and grabbed her jaw. "Be careful who you call a traitor." I let her go slowly. But she still laid on the dirt. Not sure how to proceeded. I got back upon my horse, and eventually she pulled herself up, and we rode off again.

We did not speak until sundown. But we took glances back and forth. She held up her dress with one hand wile driving with the other. She was still in shock the whole day through until we finally drifted off the road to make camp.

"It wasn't smart to wear that." I finally said after the stew was cooked and camp was made. "I have some extra clothes if you need them."

She shook her head. I wondered if she was going to tell her father about that... I hoped not. But she was being a bitch. So I didn't regret it.

"I'm sorry." I heard her whimper. She was not crying, but she seamed apt to. I almost felt a little guilty, but not quite. But she did remind me of how attractive she was even with a little dirt on her. In fact, I liked that look. 

"Apology accepted." I grumbled. "Lets talk about something else." I suggested. I should have thought before I spoke.

"Can I touch it?" she asked. 

"What?"

"Your cock"

I slapped my forehead. We were back on this again. She lowered her hands and her dress sagged down, just to the point of showing the tips of her nipples, and she placed her hands on her lap. In the position she was in her moth was just the right height to...

"Er, I thought we settled this." I lied, trying to forget the mental image.

"Can I at least see it?" she asked. It was already dark, and I had a suspicion that she would want to take a closer look because of it if I walked that path.

"That would not be very..." 

I watched as she stood up, and stripped herself of the remnants of her dainty gown. I was speechless; simply in awe of her fire lit body as it exposed it's self in slow motion. She had nothing underneath, not even to protect her womanhood. She had shaved her legs, and all the hair around her groin, but I supposed I shouldn't be surprised with such a mind as hers. She then sat back down, spread her legs, leaned back, arched her spine up and said, "Your turn."

She was gorgeous, every part of her. And I could not help but see how her inner thigh's glistened with the moon and flickered with the fire at the same time. My dick threatened to rip through my trousers at this point. She spoke again as I continued to admire her body, "What's the problem?... are you small? Is that it?"

This challenge to my manhood was almost enough for me to strip down and fuck her right there, but to the dismay of my little friend, I kept my decency. If it wasn't for the thought of gallows, I may have given in. "I'm sorry." I said. 

She looked dismayed for a moment, looking over her own wanting body. "Can I... hold your hand at least?" she asked. "You have already touched my wrists..." It was such an innocent proposal, with such indecent themes. She was as bare as the lord made her, and yet such a small amount of contact seamed... reasonable. Though I was sure I would regret it, I thought of no argument.

I held out my hand. Overjoyed, but cautious, she grabbed my palm in hers, and before I could realize her plan, she inched towards me, so much closer, so that whatever shadows lurked between her limbs was shone to me as clear as day, then she inched closer, with our knees touching, and clasped my hand in both of her palms. 

Before I knew it, my hand was between her breasts. I felt them, through the fingers that held me there. They were soft, but stiff and ready in the cold moonlit air, yet they were as warm as the fire we sat by. She grazed my hand over each orb, flicking each tit with every one of my callused fingers. From her cleavage my hand drifted down, and was pulled to her lap. I did not fight back, I had given her my hand, I could not take it back now. I felt the skin go slick as they reached their destination, and I felt my fingers split and go around her hot opening. 

She leaned on me, resting her head on my chest and her breasts on my arm, as she clenched her legs around my hand. I felt her wet, trembling opening, and I felt her whole body shiver. Then, she angled two of my fingers once more, and I felt them plunge into the woman's body. I heard her breaths go heavy as she began to fuck my fingers and hold on to my arm tightly. 

I decided to no longer be passive. My thumb found her clit, and I slowly massaged the area wile I embraced her with my other arm. Her back arched back, but I pulled her close and heard her moan as I went even deeper into her hole. I placed a third finger in and caressed the outer wall of her opening, and suddenly, her hands had no job to do. They went up to her breasts, and she smeared her juices all over herself with every rhythmic thrust of her legs.

I supposed she had won. By all accounts, this hand holding thing had gotten out of hand. So I whispered into her ear, "Where did she put the candle?" I saw a smile on her face as she held my body tight and gyrated her hips. 

"I lied." She whispered back. Then she grunted at one particularly deep thrust. "But I do fuck myself every night."

"Naughty girl." I let her go, and she leaned back. She supported herself with her arms, and I came down on her engulfing her breast with my mouth. I thrust my fingers in and out faster and faster when I felt her motions growing more eager. She bit her lips in an effort to keep silent, so I left her tit with a kiss and whispered again, "We're all alone. Make all the noise you want." 

She obeyed, and her long drawn out moans soon replaced her gasps for air. She began to buck, and groan into the air. I felt a rush of Goosebumps on her body and shivers, and a final curse left her lips as she came. Covered in sweat, and still enjoying a kind of afterglow, she began to drift to sleep in my hands. She fell to the ground gently and rolled to her side. I removed myself from her and licked my fingers... I thought of taking her now, looking at her heaving, exhausted form.

But my better instincts came to thwart my plans. Whatever happened Tomorrow, I'm sure Lord Oblian would not like to hear of this.