 EDITED BY:

Miriam Belle

CREATIVE CONSULTANT:

Simply_Cyn

AUTHOR'S NOTE:

-"For those who have been following this story, you'll notice some subtle changes to the plot, especially in this chapter. I realized halfway through the story that certain elements were not going to work that I had established here in the first chapter. I've pulled an executive decision and made the necessary changes to make a better story.

The long stretches of time between chapters are because I am taking longer to write and then edit the installments with Miriam. Also, as many of you know, I've been going through a divorce, learning how to be a single dad of two children (one 2 ½ years old and the other 9 months old) and attending school to get my teaching credentials. SO, with that in mind, it may take a little longer to get each chapter out there but I swear I haven't forgotten the stories or the people who read them. You guys are awesome, and I can't thank you enough for your generous support and comments.

With that in mind, enjoy!" –bluefox07

*

ARRIVAL

TERRAN EARTH DATE

01. 15. 2179

***

Sixty-nine people slept peacefully in their cryo-tubes as the sleeper ship Haven dropped out of hyperspace and sped through the infinite expanse of the stars. Its mottled gray hull was shadowed and dark, scored from meteorites that had collided with its heavy armor plating. Long, black streaks indicating heat burns from past re-entries feathered the forward prongs of the large starship. The Haven was shaped like a large horseshoe, tapered at the forward hull to ease her travel through atmosphere. The Haven was the only interstellar craft of her kind to return from 15 consecutive missions in one piece and without a man or woman lost. Her crew felt the design of their ship was symbolic of their luck.

The hull was smooth for the most part, only a few protrusions here and there to house sensor equipment and auto-navigation receivers. Several spires, each two meters tall spiked near the engineering hull at the base of the "U." Three broad engines lined two thirds of her stern, deeply embedded in the design of the vessel to keep the integrity of her curve. They glowed a bright blue, both powerful and intimidating as they propelled Haven to her destination.

While it was mute in the cold void of space, it was even quieter within the ship. A powerful central computer powered by an A.I. brain ran the ship silently and efficiently as the crew and passengers slept. The bridge was quiet, the passageways empty and the lights powered down to conserve energy. Only the life-support machines in the cryo-tube holds were active in their daily routines, governed by the A.I.. The Haven was a masterpiece of technology, a perfect machine for the dangerous business of colonizing new worlds.

The bridge of the vessel was centrally forward to the engineering section, nestled in the bottom curve of the "U", allowing its crew an amazing view of her unique design and the open space beyond. In the twin cargo sections, one in each pylon that helped form the "U" shape of the ship was the passenger tubes. Thirty identical cryogenic tubes were equipped in each hold, all lined perfectly with one another. 

The holds were cold and sterile, devoid of any human décor or sense of home and hearth. It was strictly business, the only hints of individual personality pulsing from the many collections of computer terminals and readouts adorning each tube. They blinked and monitored each human, maintaining the delicate balances needed for sustained cryo-hibernation. With out this technology, man would never have been able to reach deep space.

According to the A.I. computer network that helped design the ship, the only potential flaw in its perfect equation of symmetry and function was the human element. Even in stasis, with the functions of the body reduced to a state of suspended animation the mind was allowed to dream. The computer monitored and adjusted the bio-readouts accordingly to keep its precious cargo safe and undamaged, but it could not control the occasional nightmare or dream. All it could do was compensate by administering a pre-determined amount of sedative to lull the sleeping passenger back to a blank sleep.

The ship viewed their dreams with all the understanding of a child to calculus. While the formal definitions of a dream were known to it and the psychological implications understood to the furthest extent, it could not identify a reason for the dreams. They were an odd byproduct of the inefficient human psyche, sometimes pleasurable but mostly uncomfortable. More often than not, sleepers on long journeys like this would be plagued by nightmares.

But there was always the exception.

The A.I. translated imagery it received from the neural link into one of the men. He was the captain of the ship, and his sleep was filled with imagery both erotic and emotional. The A.I. was not allowed to record the data, but it could observe. Its curiosity was innocent and unbiased as the visual feeds revealed the dream inside Captain John Ashton's mind. On video display above his tube, static sounded off and a glowing picture lit the shadowy bay.

The A.I. observed.

The sun was setting, the entire sky hot as though on fire with brilliant reds, oranges and yellows. 

"This all seems so surreal," a dark haired, beautiful woman told him as she sipped her ice tea. In the hot light of the setting star, her body glowed with an avaricious luminescence. The computer, watching through Ashton's' eyes still could not take its gaze off her. The woman was recognized as Tishara Lee, the First Officer of the ship. The machine contemplated the consequences of the two commanding officers in a romantic relationship and the adverse effects that might have on their mission as it followed Ashton's eyes in the dream. 

Tishara was beautiful by human and even alien standards. Each of her breasts were evenly tanned and revealed no hint that she had ever worn a bikini in her life. A shade darker than her soft skin, her areolas spread out in perfect dollar-sized circles. Tishara's nipples were long and beautifully erect, her sensitive nubs casting thin shadows across the smooth terrain of her bosom. 

"Yes it does," Ashton propped himself up on one arm and momentarily took his eyes off her. He looked out at the ocean and smiled. In a way he felt somewhat like the ocean itself. His potential vast and hidden, only a small fraction of who he was could be seen from afar. The waves on the beach were perfect representations of his understanding. He could only go so far up the beach and then loose his momentum, slipping back. But that didn't stop him from trying again.

The computer processed this concept. How odd that the human could find comfort in something so abstract?

"There's something I need to tell you," Tishara said softly.

Ashton looked to her as a cool breeze whispered over his naked body. He asked, "What is it?"

"Don't freak out on me, okay?" she looked at him, her eyes filled with bold courage and subtle uncertainty at the same time. The breeze caused some of her thick hair to blow in front of her face as she said, "I think I'm-"

Ashton waited for her to finish as she struggled with her words.

"It's okay," he said and touched her face gently.

She smiled and kissed his fingers, "I'm in love with you."

A sudden exhilarating sensation swarmed through his body as he replayed the words over and over in his mind. The waves were beginning to touch their feet as the tide gradually came in. Ashton didn't shiver as another wave snaked up to their feet, this time cresting at his calves. His nipples hardened and he smiled at Tishara. He said, "I love you too."

The computer analyzed this interaction. As sophisticated as it was, the A.I. could not comprehend the feeling it monitored in Ashton. His heart was pounding in the dream and so it was now in his tube. His body was reacting to the words he had heard. The power this woman held over him was immeasurable. The A.I. began to consider the possibility of sedating Ashton further, to keep him in the green.

Yet it waited.

It watched.

They came together and kissed as the dream became thick with the memories of flesh and seawater. Glistening foam gathered around them as they kissed for what seemed like forever, their bodies pressed closely together. Tishara grasped Ashton's buttocks and rolled him on top of her, wrapping her elegant legs around his waist. Their tongues slid together in a deliciously smooth caress that did more to express their erotic intentions than anything else. Gentle licks and rubbing from their open mouths set them afire in the surf, Ashton's cock hardening and now ready for her again.

The A.I. noted the effect on the captain as he became aroused in his tube.

"You know what I'd like?" she whispered in his ear as she stroked his smooth scalp.

"What?"

"I'd like you to fuck my tits," she licked his ear lobe and then traced around the complicated ridges of his ear. The computer analyzed the meaning and implied actions of her words, everything from the vulgar sexual advance to the slang to the physical response in Ashton's bio-readings as he relived the moment.

Ashton kissed her and then straddled her, his balls heavy and hot against her soft skin. His eight-inch cock speared out like a thick branch to a strong tree. Water lapped at Tishara's ass as she held his cock at the base and ran the thick, bulbous head around her left nipple. Ashton stretched his back and moaned as she teased his cock against her soft boobs. She then placed his throbbing member between her mounds and pushed them together. 

"Fuck them," she breathed huskily, rubbing her fingers around her hardened nipples. The feel of her firm, glistening boobs was almost too much for Ashton as his hips began to thrust back and forth. The base of his cock tingled as his balls churned their fluid, warning him of an impending orgasm.

"Cum for me Ashton," She slipped her tongue out and lapped at his cock head as it plunged in and out of her massive cleavage. Water sprayed behind them and showered Ashton's broad, muscular back as he linked his arms behind his head and fucked her tits for all he was worth. The sinewy muscles of his abdominals and pectorals flexed and released with each powerful hump, his dark skin damp with sweat and ocean spray. 

"Oh, Tishara," he moaned as a sudden swell of heat shook him, a breath hitching in his chest. Semen was rocketing through his cock as he grunted and shut his eyes tight. Tishara purred and squeezed her tits together hard, completely enveloping his hard member. The intense heat of her tits around his cock was too much. 

Hot white cum spurted out from between the crevasse of her cleavage in a powerful ribbon. It splattered Tishara's face in a long, ropy line of semen that stretched from her forehead to her full lips. Another gob of semen exploded out and splashed her chin and neck. Tishara rubbed her tits up and down his spasming dick as his sticky, sweet jizz erupted from his swollen head. 

Ashton's knees gave way as the last of his load dripped out of the small eye of his penis. Tishara sat up as the tide washed over them again. She cupped her large breasts and brought them to her lips. Her eyes never left Ashton's as she licked and lapped his semen up off her globes. Ashton watched like a little boy seeing his first set of titties, completely engrossed and hypnotized. 

Ashton leaned in and fondled her tits as she tilted back a little. He could taste the salty remains of his own orgasm still fresh on her skin. Ashton passionately licked and suckled on her nipples. Tishara moaned her approval as his expert tongue flicked and rubbed her ultra-sensitive nubs. He sucked harder and harder, using his tongue to run circles around her heaving tits. He then squeezed them together and began licking both simultaneously. He nibbled on the left tit, still pinching the right one between his thumb and forefinger.

Tishara looked up into the sky as she relished his mouth on her. The hot fire of the sunset was fading into a warm array of purples and blues as the eastern sky grew dark. Impossibly bright stars twinkled in the sky as water washed over them. It was all so perfect, so picturesque and everything she had ever wanted. Tishara smiled, forgetting about the whole world and only knowing Ashton. 

She spread her tanned thighs wide open. Ashton looked down at her bare pussy. Her lips were swollen and shiny from the ocean water, though they both knew it probably wasn't just water. She ran one hand under between her thighs and used her fingers to spread apart her labia. She looked at his face as she ran her other hand around the mound around her pussy. Ashton appreciated her sex with a reverence he had saved only for church in his childhood.

"Everything about you is beautiful," he whispered.

"Touch me again," she looked at him and ran her index finger over her delicate slit. She moistened the finger and held out its glistening tip to Ashton. He leaned in and sucked her nectar-coated finger. Ashton already knew her flavor, but each time he tasted her he couldn't help but relive his initial excitement.

Ashton lay on his stomach between her legs and ran his tongue up her thighs to her slit in a long, purposeful tease. He let his tongue lazily wash her pussy and roll over her swollen mound. The scent of her arousal was a powerful aphrodisiac that only made his erection harden again. He felt it growing in the wet sand beneath him as he began to eat her out.

He brought his tongue to her clit before diving into the pussy she was still holding open for him. He could feel the heat of her cunt against his chin, her sex dripping with anticipation. He gently made love to her pussy with his tongue, sliding the muscle in and out of her sopping interior. Intermittently, he would nibble her clit and tease it out from under its hood. 

"Ooooh fuck," Tishara breathed rapidly as Ashton tongued her swollen button. Her moans were becoming cries of pleasure as he picked up his pace and ravaged her clit, attacking it with all the skill and tenderness he knew how.

"Fuck yeah!" she whimpered and began pulling at her nipples hard. Ashton looked up and saw her fleshy mounds being pulled up by the nipples in her firm grip.

Ashton took her clit between his lips and began nibbling hard.

"FUCK!" she screamed as her abdomen contracted and her pussy walls suddenly spasmed and squeezed. Tishara's hips bucked twice and then a gush of hot nectar squirted from her swollen vagina in a sudden burst. Ashton felt the warm fluid run down his chin as he lapped at her.

The A.I. considered the word "fuck" and analyzed its usage here. Sexuality was one of the cornerstones of the human experience. Sexuality was the defining trait of the human species, their society and positions sometimes influenced by gender. The need to procreate was as ingrained in them as were the routines and sub-routines of the A.I.s main programming. The humans could not deny this instinct any more than the machine could rebel against its program.

"Fuck me right now," she growled through gritted teeth. Tishara flipped over in the surf, the water now curling lazily around them as the waves began to float their sheet. Ashton noticed the condoms were drifting away and he grabbed the last three rubbers. He opened one and then tossed the remaining two up the beach a few feet away. The water has submerged his knees and calves as Tishara lay down on her stomach and lifted her buttocks in the air. He could see her pussy lips, swollen and glistening below her perfect ass.

Between her luscious butt cheeks he saw her small, tight asshole. Ashton ran his tongue down the cleft to her puckered opening. She moaned and pressed her body against him. Ashton then straightened up and positioned his swollen head against her pussy lips. She dropped her face into the sand and lifted her ass high in the air. Ashton was going to go in slowly, as a courtesy for her if she had become chapped or sore during their lovemaking. Tishara pushed back suddenly and Ashton slipped inside her.

Her pussy tightened around him like a hot clamp, squeezing his thick shaft and pulling him in deep. He adjusted his position on his knees and grasped her hips with his large hands. Ashton knew she was telling him to fuck her hard, and he had no problem with that. He started thrusting hard, humping her with a wild look in his eyes. He growled against the heat of her inner sex as his cock plowed deep.

"Fuck me hard," she moaned. With each thrust he drove deeper and deeper into her body. His balls slapped against her as the tip of his cock began pressing against her cervix. 

"Oh fuck baby yes!" Tishara cried out. Her massive breasts were hanging down so that the erect nipples were dragging in the sand with each powerful thrust. Her eyes clamped shut as her lips drew back in a primal expression of lust. Tishara had dug her fingers into the wet sand as water splashed between their legs. She threw her head back and Ashton grabbed a tangled mass of her thick black hair. Her hands emerged from the sand as water washed them off. With her left hand, she reached around and grabbed his full ass. Her right hand alternated between rubbing her clit and massaging his balls.

Without a word, they disengaged. Ashton had wanted her to ride on top of him, and she had received his message. His cock slid out of her cunt and they switched positions. Ashton laid on his back flat as Tishara squatted over him. She lowered herself to his aching cock and let the head submerge in her depths.

"You tease," Ashton moaned as Tishara winked at him. 

"I gotta have some control here," she smiled lustily and began lowering herself down, impaling herself on his long, thick dick. She screamed as he thrusted his engorged cock up and into her pulsating pussy. There was wet, squelching sound as her cunt took his cock in all the way. Her silky buttocks rested against his skin for a moment before they resumed.

Ashton memorized this moment between them, burning it into his memory. According the A.I.s analysis, it was the most clear and potent imagery of the dream. As she rode him, her obsidian dark eyes flashed at him in the waning sunlight. A beautiful half-smile had crooked across her lips revealing her perfect white teeth. Her breasts were bouncing back and forth at the mercy of her rhythm. Her attention was focused on him completely. 

Tishara braced herself against his pecs and leaned down, bringing her lips to his. She kissed him deeply, her intention not so much to convey need and desire for him, but to also express her love for him. Ashton's release of his soul to her passed like silky lightning between them, a current of pure emotion that rode the curves of their tongues and was powered by the energy of their bodies.

Again, the A.I. could only observe this exchange. It could not understand it.

He cupped her breasts and supported them as they kissed. Ashton watched her break the kiss and slowly sit up, never once interrupting her pace. She closed her eyes and ran her hands through her dark hair, lifting the body of it up in the air above her head. She changed her rhythm and began fucking him with special, embellished movements. Her hips swayed and undulated in simple fluid motions that almost seemed like a dance. The muscles in her stomach rippled as she concentrated on making love to him. 

Water splashed up in the air behind her, the spray catching the last of the sun as it sank into the ocean. The water sparkled around her in a slow motion shower and Ashton knew if he were to die tomorrow he could die a complete man. As she picked up the pace of her rich, erotic fuck Ashton held her hips firmly, allowing for her special moves and enjoyed her.
