 EDITOR:

Miriam Belle

CREATIVE CONSULTANT:

Simply_Cyn

AUTHOR'S NOTE:

-"Again, addressing some concerns people have written about:

The skin colors of the aliens here are meant to be representative of different galactic species, but not of any racial stereotypes. The black coloring of the Jah-Harans makes them more threatening and interesting, separating them from the humans. Soniah is blue skinned, Wren is crimson red and the drone aliens are albino white. Some of you went so far as to attach these characters to certain ethnicities. Weird, but okay. That wasn't my intention, but if you insist.

The skin colors more indicate personality traits on a basic archetype level, the sleek black coloring of the Ja-Harans showing their natural evolution as a species born to hunt. Wren is treacherous and filled with hate, thus the crimson skin. Soniah, though a cast iron bitch, is really all about serenity and as such is a pale blue. The tattoos on the aliens, Jah-Haran and on Soniah are cultural markings. I have a fascination with body art and wanted to reflect that here." –bluefox07

*

EVERYTHING BEFORE...

TERRAN EARTH DATE

01. 16. 2179

"Yes," Koor growled as he watched his woman, Hessex, kneel down before him and suck the long, thick shaft of his cock. Her pink tongue danced around the black skin of his rod, teasing and preparing him. His amber eyes burned and smoldered with a deep pleasure as she began to pump his shaft and suck the swollen head. It didn't take long for the heavy testicles in his hairless, dark sack to begin to churn in excitement. However, before it went too far, Hessex pulled her mouth away, bringing a grunt from his lips.

"What are you doing?" he hissed and grabbed a handful of her hair, yanking her face up to look at him.

"Pleasuring you, my Lord," she smiled, her full dark lips pulled back to reveal sharp, strong teeth. A thin mist of sweat had broken out over her iridescent black skin, her facial tattoos red and vibrant in the hot light of his cabin. He snarled as she suddenly clawed her fingernails into his barrel chest and shoved hard.

She pushed Koor onto the bed until he was lying against the mesh pillows. Then she crawled onto the bed and knelt between his legs, her posture the seductive whim of a predator. She grasped his throbbing shaft hard and began to use her tongue to lick the head and then down to his squirming balls. She bathed his sack with her tongue, wetting him to the point of being dripping wet. With a hungry moan, she sucked one large orb into her mouth.

Koor breathed heavily, his massive hands gripping the edges of his bed as he lifted his hips. He was a little apprehensive about her having the delicate orb in her mouth, but it felt good and it was incredibly exciting. Her sharpened teeth grazed his alien scrotum with all the tenderness of a wild dog. He felt her tongue lave the orb and then flick it. A second later she let it slip from her mouth and took the other in. Koor's hands went to her head and grasped a handful of her thick, black hair as she forcefully played with his balls. His excitement was growing rapidly and he wanted more. However, his woman had other ideas.

Hessex looked up at Koor as she placed her hands behind his thighs. She slowly lifted his legs until his thighs were against his chest and his hips were almost off the bed. 

Koor had no idea what she was going to do until she bent her head and began to lick the smooth skin under his balls. His heart began to beat even harder as he felt her tongue slip down, inch by inch until suddenly it was touching his tiny rear hole.

A low, feral growl escaped his thick throat when he felt her begin to circle the hole. Then a long, deep moan escaped his lips as her tongue breached the opening and pushed into his ass. After she had lubricated his little hole with her tongue, she brought a finger to the opening. She looked up at Koor as she slipped her finger into his ass.

"Hessex," Koor gasped and lifted his hips as if to get away from an intruder. Although it was still foreign to Koor, this time, having her finger in his ass was much more sensual. Still, his tiny hole resisted and Hessex would not be denied until her finger was all the way inside him. Then she reached up and took his penis in her other hand as she began to twist her finger. Years of experience told her where to find what she was looking for. 

Koor could feel the tip of her finger massaging his prostate. It made the thick, yellow juice of his seed pour from the swollen head and his balls contract. The combination of her searching finger and her pumping hand had him ready to shoot within a few seconds. He growled and returned his hands to the frame of his bed, nearly bending the metal as she worked him over.

Hessex let go of his penis before he could climax but she kept her finger inside. She knew that he was very close. She almost giggled as she watched his long shaft bob in front of her eyes. Each time she twisted her finger across the lump inside she saw the large head pulse and produce more juice until it was running down his shaft like a river.

Koor gasped and began to squirm his hips, actually pushing down on the finger. 

Hessex smiled with confidence as she bent the shaft down until she could place her tongue on the sensitive skin just below the large crown. She ran her tongue back and forth across the slick surface and then up to the dripping tip. Her lips circled the head and she sucked in the steady stream of juice as her finger continued to pump inside him. With her teeth, she gently bit the head, bringing another moan from the incredibly excited bull male. 

"Hessex," Koor moaned, his eyes closed tightly. "Please."

Hessex giggled again and pulled her finger from his ass, "You're begging me, lover?" 

"I beg of no woman," he smiled, letting his demeanor soften a little.

Then she had him move down until he was lying flat on his back. She spun around and quickly threw her leg over him, her ass toward his face. Her head dropped back to his penis as she began to lick up and down the shaft, avoiding the sensitive head this time.

Koor opened his eyes to see her sexy butt almost in his face. His hands reached for her cheeks. He could see the tiny thong stretched across her asshole and the silky material covering her vagina. The center of the material was dark with her juices. He lifted his head and placed his mouth on the juicy material. When he heard Hessex moan he pulled away. Two could play this game, he thought. He used his tongue to tickle the sensitive outer lips hidden under the thin material. 

Without warning she pushed her hips back, thrusting her crotch in the pirate's face, smashing her vagina onto his mouth. Then she sat up. Now she was sitting on Koor's face, rubbing her swollen sex across his nose, mouth and chin. Hessex was in control and she wanted Koor to know it. It was the only time anyone ever had any control over the notorious pirate. It had taken years for her to earn his trust in this way. She was the only one to ever talk or act this way with Jor-Koor.

He got the message as he gasped for breath, barely able to breathe under the weight of her hips. He couldn't see the wide smile of pleasure on the woman's face.

Suddenly the smell of her excitement and the feeling of her swollen lips on his face consumed his senses. He began to rub his nose on her asshole and work his mouth on her now dripping crotch. 

Hessex gasped and continued to squirm on his face. She pressed down hard, feeling his nose pressing to her little rear hole. Then she circled her hips, rubbing her swollen sex lips on his mouth. As she continued to press her weight onto his face, she reached between her legs and pulled the tiny slip of material from her crotch, letting her exposed lips touch Koor's now searching tongue. A long moan escaped her lips when she felt his tongue enter her dripping hole.

Koor's face was rapidly becoming drenched in her copious nectar. His lips and chin were awash in her thick juices. What he couldn't swallow dripped down his chin. Hessex continued to buck her hips as her excitement grew rapidly. She pressed down on Koor's tongue and allowed a small climax to rush through her. It was quick and intense but she needed more. She rolled from Koor's surprised face and quickly stripped off her panties. She flopped onto the bed and turned to Koor, pulling him onto her. 

"Now," she gasped.

Koor was happy to comply. He was about ready to explode as he slipped between her spread legs and placed the grotesquely swollen head at the entrance to her vagina. Without waiting for permission he pushed into her.

Hessex screamed as she stretched to accommodate him.

Koor grunted as his shaft slipped to the bottom of her tunnel and against her cervix. He held it there, waiting for his urge to climax pass. Hessex needed him to move. Her hips began to buck upward and her hands grabbed his ass cheeks, pulling him down. Koor got the idea and began to pump in and out of her rapidly. Soon the bed was squeaking from their frantic activity. The room filled with grunts and groans and the slapping of their bodies together. 

"Yes, my Lord!" Hessex screamed, "Yes!"

Koor buried his face in her neck and grabbed her hips. He pulled her to him as he pounded his hips downward, forcing his penis all the way into her hole with each thrust. 

The bed rattled and the springs threatened to give out under the stress. 

Soon Koor felt his orgasm coming on. He growled, "Are you ready?"

"Yes, lover," she answered lustfully as her own climax began.

Seconds later the two of them were gasping in pleasure as Koor slammed into her willing hole one last time and began to unleash his pent up sperm. It shot from his overheated balls in torrents, filling Hessex's hole with his potent seed. The gasps and groans of the two continued for a long, long time as pleasure consumed them.

Finally, Koor fell to the bed next to Hessex, his chest heaving in a desperate attempt to catch his breath. He looked over and saw Hessex's large breasts moving up and down just as rapidly, a look of incredible satisfaction on her face. With an exhausted smile, Koor moved over and threw his arm over her chest, pulling himself close to her. 

"Always and forever," Hessex sighed as she opened her eyes. 

Koor began to squeeze her breast as he moved his lips to her ear. "You're the only woman I trust... the only person I can truly trust," he whispered, "Does that honor you?"

Hessex smiled and said dreamily, "Yes, my Lord."

"Does it please you to know I am pleased?"

"Yes, my Lord," she stared at him, her feral eyes alive with inner fire.

A few minutes later Koor leaned over and kissed Hessex tenderly. He continued to play with her breast as he bent over and began to kiss down the warm flesh of her swell until he found her pierced nipple.

"My Lord Koor," Hessex gasped as she felt chills run down her spine, "We must prepare the landing party."

"Soon," he dismissed her.

He kissed one breast and then the other until they were wet with his saliva. Then he kissed down her stomach. Slowly his lips worked across her stomach to the hairless expanse at her groin. Without a word he moved until he was kneeling between her legs.

Hessex looked up at him, suddenly very excited again, and asked, "Do we have time, My Lord?" 

Koor didn't answer. He kissed down her sex lips, gently licking the smooth outer lips as he went. Then he abruptly lifted her legs and spread them wide. He stared down at her ravaged sex. The lips were swollen and puffy from his recent attack. He could see that her hole was wet and still pulsing. With a groan his mouth dropped to cover her sopping sex.

"My Lord," she breathed as her body electrified under his tongue, "The approaching storm may-"

She cried out as her master bit down on her sex hard, not in love or even a sadomasochistic eroticism, but in anger. She cried out and tried to recoil but found a powerful explosion of pain on the right side of her face. Hessex recoiled back, her eyes wide.

"Silence!" he roared, his hand still raised high in the air.

"My Lord, I never meant-"

"Why do you persist?" Koor growled, grabbing her by the arms and pinning her under his muscular frame, "Why?"

"Our losses on this voyage have been severe, My Lord," she explained, cringing from the agony of her betrayed sex, "I'm only trying to insure your-"

Another vicious blow to the head lit her view up a bright yellow and then red. Hessex struggled against his grip, even as his long, claw-like fingernails penetrated the flesh of her biceps. Koor roared at her, "How dare you suggest that I am to blame for this!"

"No My Lord," she cried, "No. It wasn't you who did this! The traitor Halen did! I only seek to recover what he cost us. I only seek to help you, My Lord."

Koor looked at her and raised his large hand in the air, a tight fist formed and shaking enough to reveal the pirate captain's rage. He was furious, and Hessex knew that it wasn't really her he was mad at. It was Halen, the alien trader that promised them riches beyond measure for passage to this forsaken place. He had repaid Koor's hospitality by stealing a shuttle from the cargo bay and abandoning them without pay.

"You speak the truth?" Koor asked with all the reserved patience of a coiled rattlesnake.

"And nothing else," Hessex cowered. She loathed the fact that Koor did this to her on a regular basis, but she despised the fact that she allowed it to happen.

Koor lowered his hand and released her arm from his iron grip. After a moment, he said, "Let us not speak of this again."

"Yes, My Lord," she nodded and closed her eyes gratefully, though she did not feel it. More and more, this seemed to be the case. Despite the passion of their sex, the tenderness she wanted most from lasted only a few seconds afterwards. His abuse of her was taking a toll, and she wondered how much longer she could convince herself to feel things she didn't even know anymore. She might have been a slave to the pirate, but she had feelings.

Still, this did not affect Koor in the slightest. Without another word, he lowered himself down to her aching crotch and began again. She uttered a small whimper as he pleasured her, the tender flesh he had bitten still singing out in pain.

Hessex cried as he felt his tongue digging into her stretched hole. Almost immediately she felt an orgasm approaching. She couldn't believe that she was ready to climax again so soon. Her body was willing, but her heart was simply not in it anymore. Despite this, within a few seconds her body began to convulse with pleasure. She wrapped her legs around Koor's around head and lifted her hips to meet his hungry mouth. 

He would have smiled but his mouth was too busy. Then, before she had stopped climaxing, Koor pulled her over and made her get onto her hands and knees. He got onto his feet and squatted behind her raised hips. A second later he was slipping his hard, serpent-like penis into her with a brutal frenzy. 

"My Lord, yes," Hessex moaned as she felt Koor began to pound into her again, tears rolling down her cheeks. She hated crying almost as much as she hated being this man's consort. But she bit her lip and played her part. She played it so convincingly that sometimes, even she believed in her performance. 

But only sometimes. 

***

While Hessex endured the splendors of her master hundreds of miles above the surface, the survivors of the colony vessel Haven assembled in front of the wrecked bridge module below. Engineers Gordon and Sonny sat casually along the massive inner curve of the starboard bow, which was half buried in the soft soil of the uncharted alien world. They puffed on their cigarettes reverently, quiet and waiting for the captain to speak. Tishara and Captain Ashton were seated not far away, both of them looking content and somewhat relieved. The surviving passengers were grouped together next to them. 

Soniah, the blue-skinned Denavian woman and would-be administrator of the Delta Prime Colony looked perturbed and short of patience. Her beautiful face was slightly pinched in a frown of disgust. She stood away from the others, who had banded together in the short time following the crash and refused the comfort of their company. After a few failed attempts at small talk, most everyone had given up on her.

"Ladies and gentlemen," Captain Ashton addressed them, "We're here to discuss business. As you all know by now, our port bow was ripped away in the crash and landed in the jungle just a kilometer away from here. If there are survivors, we need to find them quick. We spotted a Jah-Haran pirate ship a few hours ago, and if they follow their usual M.O. we can expect a raiding party before nightfall."

He motioned to Tishara, who stood up and looked at them all.

"I will be leading the search party," Tishara said as she buckled her weapons belt and slapped a new ammo pack into her plasma blaster. The blaster was a larger gun than the standard laser pistols issued by the company, a personal addition to the armory on her part. She continued, "We don't know if anyone lives here or not, so it could be a dangerous walk. Engineer Gordon and Dr. Howe have already volunteered to go."

Gordon smiled and favored them with a small salute.

"Barrera and Cole," Tishara turned to the two sitting near Dr. Howe, "We need you as well, if you're willing."

"I'll go," Chastity nodded. The hardened construction worker stood up and looked at Tishara. The roughneck was wearing a tight-fitting tank top that only accentuated her rippled physique and deeply tanned skin. She looked out at the tree line and the gaping hole in the thick line of trunks where the bow had sliced through, "How many out there?"

"There were thirty people in cryo-tubes," Gordon said.

"Jesus," Jared Cole muttered. The skinny, redheaded welder was also dressed in a dark tank top with cargo pants and standard issue black boots. His pale skin was bright and white in the lavender hues of the alien sunlight. He pushed his wire-rimmed glasses up his thin nose and looked at the forbidding tree line, "It doesn't look very hospitable, does it?"

"Don't sweat it, Coppertop," Chastity punched him lightly in the shoulder, "If there's anything dangerous in there, they'll be going after the people in the tubes first."

"And that's supposed to make me feel better?"

"It supposed to ground you in reality," she replied.

"Dammed cold if you ask me," he added.

"Mr. Cole," Gordon said as he stood up and motioned at himself and Chastity, "We could use your help. If we have to cut people out of their tubes, it'll go faster with three people who know how to use plasma torches."

Jared looked pained for a moment, and then nodded to the large black man, "I'm in."

Tishara smiled, "We're traveling on foot, so pack lightly. We'll each take enough food to get us there and back again. Each member of the search party will be issued a weapon and first aid kit. You're all certified and trained with blasters, but if anyone feels uncomfortable let me know now."

None of them said anything. Tishara nodded and said, "Good."

"Search party will leave in one hour," Ashton said, "Get your gear and be ready. The rest of you are with me in trying to figure out what the hell happened."

Sonny and Soniah looked at each other and then at the captain. She asked, "And how can I or this engineer assist you with an investigation?"

Sonny gave her a sideways look that might have killed a normal person, the pointed emphasis on 'this engineer' about a subtle as slap to the face.

Ashton wished he could see what Soniah looked like. Her antagonistic nature and cold demeanor were indicative of a very ugly woman. But, considering she was a Denavian he imagined she was probably very beautiful, a slick package for a cast iron bitch. His eyes were still flaring with colors every now and then, but there was nothing he could truly see with any clarity. So he smiled kindly and said, "Ms. Soniah, I need the eyes of a trained and impartial professional. Sonny is my technical know-how and probably the best judge of character I've ever known. Between the two of you, I think the investigation will go much faster."
