 AUTHOR'S NOTES:

This story is erotic fantasy, set in a world of magic.

This tale takes place in the same world as my core Danica story and all my other stories in Sci-Fi/Fantasy on Lit.

The occasional use of "modern" measurements and such is a product of my fantasy world. I know most who read fantasy would probably prefer "leagues", "cubits", and "handspans" but my world always utilized more modern terms for distances and measures. I hope it doesn't jar too much to detract from the story.

This originally started as a one shot, but has turned into a short series. You really need to read the previous parts to know what's going on in the story and know the characters.

~~~~~~~~~
* . . . *
~~~~~~~~~

The Duke and Duchess had just dressed after bathing when Arilee walked into the bath room.  She marveled for a moment that there was no evidence of the battle that had occurred here only a short time before.  She found that she had to concentrate to maintain her composure in light of Christi wearing only a thin nightshirt and Cerebus clad in only a pair of cotton pants.

"Excuse me — Ashtar wishes to speak with you."

Mindblind grunted and nodded his head.  "That's a good sign for you, Ari.  If Ashtar recognized that you're taking over for Gwen, you've got to be on the right track."

"Ari...  I like that, Dear.  How about you, Arilee?"

Arilee smiled.  "It was always my nickname, but it has been a long time since anyone used it.  I was always fond of it."

Christi smiled back at her.  "Good.  Do send Ashtar in, Ari.  You might want to stay if he hasn't spoken to you about what happened.  He's very thorough and he'll want to talk to us both about what we saw."

Arilee turned to fetch the man, but Ashtar appeared in the doorway and walked inside before Ari could take a step.  "Many pardons for my most bad manners, but I am being much to anticipating seeing you again my friends."  He then turned to Arilee.  "I am to be thanking you for conveying my greetings and asking please that you do remain."

"Okay," Ari responded with a nod to the dusky-skinned man.  Even if she hadn’t known that he used magic, his crimson robes trimmed with strange arcane sigla would have certainly alerted her.

He stroked his goatee and smiled wide, revealing a perfect set of shining white teeth to her before turning back to the Duke and Duchess.  "Very much bad magic has been bringing the wood trolls into your home.  It is being very much strong Art to be breaking my wards, and stinking of evil blood magic it is being."

Christi threw up a hand in an exasperated gesture.  "It doesn't make any damn sense.  Why in the hells would a necromancer waste the energy to break our wards, and then teleport in wood trolls?  Why not undead, or even a couple of imps?"

"Very much strange it is being.  I am to be thinking a distraction it is being, but for what I am not knowing.  Notice anything odd to be happening did any of you?"

Mindblind only shrugged, but Christi said, "I felt the wards break.  That's what alerted me that something was wrong.  That was unusual enough, because I'm not that strong in magic and I didn't have anything to do with the spell when it was cast."

Ashtar nodded.  "Very strong magic being turned against your wards was, not strange is it that you were feeling its chilling touch.  The wards I have been restoring, but thinking I am this is not being over."

Mindblind grunted and scrunched up his nose.  "Wonderful.  You got anything to help protect Ari here?  She's new, doesn't have any training to fight, and it's just us up here.  I'm not so concerned about the servants downstairs.  Most of them can fight, and the guards do their job."

Ashtar flashed his bright white smile once again.  "A new spell I am having made which should be helping.  Bringing her to your side when in danger she is it will, if letting me cast it upon her she will."

"I would feel much better knowing that you would be with me if anything happens again.  So, can Ashtar use his magic on you?"  Christi inquired, looking over at the blonde servant.

"I think I would feel safer too."

Ashtar turned to Arilee.  "Be not afraid.  Being feeling nothing you will, and to be protecting you my magic shall."

The wizard intoned a chant and waved his arms in a series of complicated gestures in front of Arilee, and she started when a faint glowing nimbus of light surrounded her for a moment.  It vanished as quickly as it appeared, and she otherwise felt nothing.

Cerebus walked over and clapped Ashtar on the back.  "Thanks.  Your room is ready for you, like always.  Stay as long as you want.  We don't see enough of you now that you've ran off to study with Darkni."

"Good it is being to be here in Blackhawk Hall, old friend.  From my studies, I am needing a break, and with good friends is that best to be taken.  Intriguing this mystery is, and most interested am I being in its solving."

"Let me know if you figure anything out.  Actually, you'll probably have to let Christi know."  Cerebus then turned toward her.  "There's some tough set himself up as a governor down in Darius.  Considering I didn't appoint him, I thought I'd go down and ask him what the hell he thought he was up to."

Christi put a hand on her hip and scowled.  "Nothing but an excuse to go carousing with the boys.  I suppose you want me to stay here and keep this place in one piece while you're gone?"

"Well..."

Christi laughed.  "I'm only kidding.  Go and have fun, Cerebus.  I got out of the Hall to go see Alicia a while ago, so it's your turn for a break.  I'll take care of things while you're gone."

"I'll stop along the way and see if there’s been anything weird happening anywhere else."

Ashtar stretched and yawned, setting off a chain reaction that had both Christi and Arilee yawning as well.  "Doubting that I am being.  Targeting the Hall, this seems to me being.  To my bed I am thinking I should be going."

"You're probably right,” Mindblind responded with a shrug.  “Night, Ashtar."

~~~~~~~~~
* . . . *
~~~~~~~~~

The Duke and Duchess lay in bed after challenging each other to a game of chess that ended in a draw, as did nearly any contest that they engaged in.

"You sure you're okay with me going?  I do want to get out for a while, but from what I've heard, there's something stinks about the way this tough is acting.  I think Draxnog has his hands in it."

"It's fine, Dear.  I guessed that there was more to it than an excuse to booze and get into bar fights.  Ashtar is here, and his magic can help balance the loss of your sword if anything happens."

"Gonna be a bit lonely at night though," he hinted, edging in closer to her.

"Mmm — here too...  Maybe," Christi said and twitched her eyebrows.

"Oh, so what's that about then?"

"Did you notice we had an audience again this evening?"

He kissed her neck before replying, "Nope.  Guess I was too busy trying to win at first, and too busy trying not to lose in the end."

Christi stroked her fingertips over his hard member beneath the sheets as she spoke, "You were a little distracted in the armory too, apparently."

Now it was Mindblind's turn to raise his eyebrows, "Ari?"

Christi chuckled.  "Mmm hmm.  Birds could have flown in and started nesting in her mouth.  I saw her in the doorway when I was bending over the table, and she only left when you filled my mouth up."

"She'll pick up on the cues eventually so she doesn't walk in on anything uncomfortable."

Her hand wrapped around him and squeezed.  "I hope she doesn't.  She's attracted to women, too."

"So that's what the maybe is about, huh?"

"I hope she wants to try it.  She makes me flow like a river.  I'm not the only one she's looking at either."

Cerebus let out a little growl and rubbed a finger over her nipple.  "It's been a while since we had another girl in our bed."

"I owe you one for sharing with that troubadour, too."

"What was his name anyway?"

"I don't remember."  Christi laughed, and then pulled down the front of his pants to wrap her hand around his naked cock.  "I remember how good it felt having both of you inside me, though.  Would you like to fuck Ari while I'm licking her clit, Cerebus?"

He growled again and bunched up her nightshirt, to slip a finger between her legs.  She was already soaking wet, and his finger penetrated her easily.  "You know I would."

Christi sat up then and pulled off her nightshirt.  Cerebus kicked the covers off and removed his pants as well.  He barely had time to kick them away from his ankles before Christi straddled him and impaled herself on his cock.

Thoughts of sharing her love with Ari inflamed Christi’s passions, and she bucked up and down on his erection with wild abandon.  Her juices ran down his shaft and soaked his balls, as well as the bed below.

The Duke grabbed her ass and thrust his hips upward every time she slammed down, while watching with rapt attention as her breasts bounced.  Christi gasped each time his steel slid to the hilt in her sheathe, and moaned each time she rose back up in preparation to slam her hips down once more.

Christi built rapidly toward release, screaming her pleasure and turned on to an incredible degree by her thoughts of Arilee — and taking control of the sexual play, something she did not do often.  The room filled with the sounds of her cries, the wet sounds of her saturated pussy, and the clashing of bodies.

Christi had just risen to the full extension of her knees when her orgasm gripped her.  Her head lolled back and her eyes tightly closed as she screamed her pleasure to the roof.  The pitch of her scream spiked as her hips slammed down on him one last time.  She fell forward on her hands, continuing to emit gasping cries as the waves of energy from her climax pulsed through her body.

A wicked grin crossed Mindblind's face as he gripped her hips hard.  He held her in place, his great strength preventing any chance of wriggling free, and thrust his hips up at her, hard and fast.

Christi's eyes and mouth both opened wide and her breath caught in her throat.  This lasted only a moment, however, as she loosed a loud wail immediately thereafter, varying in pitch with each thrust of his hips.  Her body quaked uncontrollably as she continued to come, and come, and come.

Despite two closed doors and thick stone walls, the sounds of Christi's passion still reached Arilee's ears in her room down the hall.  She lay in the bed that was now hers, her nipples painfully hard and her sex aching for attention.  She had almost drifted off to sleep when the sounds had begun, and the sounds of passion had entered into Ari’s waking dream.

The ache between her legs was too much to ignore, and almost without thought, she bunched up the nightgown she wore over her tummy.  A second later, her finger ran along the part of her moist, pink lips.

Ari stroked her finger in a feather-light caress up and down her parted lips, the sounds from the other room now quieted to the point that she could not hear them.  She quietly moaned, still in a near dreamlike state, thinking to assuage the ache just enough to sleep, now that the stimulus of the audible passion was gone.

In the master bedroom, Christi lay atop Cerebus, at last catching her breath.  She had been forced to move her hips enough to cause him to slide free as soon as he had released her from his relentless assault.  She had experienced perhaps the best string of multiple orgasms that had ever shaken her body, and now that she could think straight again, she was determined to give her man just as much pleasure.

She kissed him, and then smiled while moving to her hands and knees.  It was his favorite position to take her, and thus one of her favorites as well, since he enjoyed it so much.  When he got up, growling in anticipation, Christi said, "Wait until the last minute.  I don't want you to have to touch yourself.  I just want to feel you come on my ass and back the moment you pull out."

"You're taking a chance on getting knocked up that way, Babe."

"I don't care.  I want it.  I know you want it, too.  I've got that amulet Devan gave me that can tell me if I'm pregnant, and she knows a spell that can fix it if I do.  She would come if I had Ashtar call for her."

She growled then and wiggled her sexy ass at him.  "I've got to learn that spell Alicia gave me so I can know when it's safe to just let you fill me up.  Just take me, fuck me hard, and come all over my ass."

The sultry sound of her voice and her body offered up to him instantly killed any worries he’d contemplated.  He moved forward and slipped between her velvety folds with a skill that revealed just how many times he had taken her this way, and how well he knew her body.

She had told him to fuck her hard, and that is exactly what he did.  Christi’s hands and knees occasionally slid forward from the power of his thrusts, her breasts swinging like twin pendulums as she tried to maintain her balance against his power.  Christi looked back over her shoulder when she could, her screams of pure pleasure mixed with sultry, carnal encouragement to take her even harder and faster, begging him to make her come again, and cover her in his seed.

Down the hall, the first audible scream jolted Arilee back to wakefulness.  Her hand still lay between her legs, and the sounds once again caused her body to beg for fulfillment — even more intently than before.

Ari's fingers penetrated her this time.  There could be no denying the need within her now.  The sounds of passion from the other room inflamed her, and drifting so close to sleep caused the fantasy that emerged in her mind to take on a vivid life.

In her fantasy, the muffling of the sounds from down the hall was caused by Christi's legs straddling either side of her head.  The dark haired woman leaned over Ari’s body to rub the blonde's clit, even as Arilee devoured the Duchess from below.  Arilee’s fingers mimicked the thrusts of Cerebus' cock into her depths.  Her nightgown bunched up even higher, and she rubbed her nipples with her free hand as her pleasure mounted.

Christi rose to a crescendo on her lover's cock at the same time as Arilee did so on her fingers.  The Duchess had ceased to talk, close enough to release now as to pass beyond the ability to form any articulate words.  The grunts of exertion from the Duke revealed that he was close to his peak as well.

The Duchess tightly scrunched the bed coverings in her hands, every muscle in her body tightening for just an instant, and then she came.  The loudest scream yet erupted from her as her entire body shivered from the chill her climax sent through her.  Despite the summer heat, the sensation caused her to break out in gooseflesh.

Arilee's climax took her so near to Christi's release that the raven-haired woman's first scream had not yet ended when Ari's choked off one escaped her.  Ari's bottom rhythmically humped up off the bed as the waves of her orgasm rolled through her body.

Cerebus pulled from Christi's tightly clenching depths with a loud, sharp growl.  The first spurt of his semen splattered on her ass, dangerously close to the very moment when the flared head of his cock slipped free of her folds.  With a grunting growl, he nestled his cock in the cleft between her buttocks and laid his hand over it.  His next spurt left a sticky trail from halfway up her back all the way to her neck.

Ari was still quivering in orgasm when a very faint flash of light shone through her closed eyelids.  She opened her eyes and screamed when she saw a wood troll above her, raising a club to strike.

The Duke and Duchess both started when they heard the scream from down the hall.  Before the scream ended, it suddenly sounded out even louder as Arilee appeared in the bed next to them, pulled there by Ashtar's spell.  She still lay with her body revealed and her hand between her legs, fingers glistening with wetness.

Cerebus and Christi instantly reacted, pulling apart and moving into defensive postures.  Twin flashes of light revealed a pair of wood trolls in the room.

Christi jumped above Arilee and kicked out at the nearest creature, crushing its windpipe and dropping it to the floor instantly, where it choked for breath.  The pooled semen in the cleft between Christi's buttocks dripped down onto Arilee's cheek as the Duchess launched the kick.

The second creature appeared within Mindblind's reach, and he took advantage of it.  Reaching out, he wrapped his hand around the creature's neck and jerked it toward him.  The creature dropped the rusty kitchen knife it held in surprise from the sudden action.  The Duke easily raised the creature above his head with one hand, and then raised the creature horizontal by squeezing his other hand into the creature's crotch.  As soon as he had the filthy monster balanced, he hurled it across the room.

The wood troll hit the wall with a sickening thud and an audible crack.  It slumped to the base of the wall in a broken heap like a marionette with cut strings.  Three more successive flashes of light revealed more of the creatures.

Christi ducked down, pulling a pair of swords and a dagger from somewhere beneath the bed.  With an easy grace, she tossed one of the swords to Cerebus, and dropped the dagger on the bed next to Arilee.  The pair of fighters unsheathed their weapons and simultaneously sprang into action.

Arilee recovered from her fear and the disorientation of teleportation when the dagger landed on the bed next to her.  She scrambled up to a kneeling position and grabbed the dagger, fumbling to remove it from its sheath.  By the time she had revealed the blade, Christi had crossed the room to cut down one of the newly appeared creatures.  An instant later, a mighty swipe of Cerebus' sword beheaded another.  He spun with the follow through and cut a deep gash in the chest of the other creature, which had charged toward him with an upraised club.

More creatures appeared, the Duke and Duchess continuing to dispatch them almost the instant that the monsters arrived.  One appeared in close to Christi, too close for her to bring her weapon to bear, and so she brought her knee up into its crotch.

The lack of reaction told Christi that the creature must be female, and she quickly added a punch to the thing's nose before it could lash out at her with its long claws.

Yet another wood troll appeared next to the bed, directly in front of Arilee, but with its back to her.  She screamed and grasped the dagger in both hands, stabbing downward and hitting the monster between the shoulder blades.  The creature jerked and looked at its arm in betrayal as it tried to reach back to the wound, only to find half of its body paralyzed.  It collapsed to the floor a moment later, dragging the dagger from Arilee's hands to the floor with it.

Christi noticed that Ari had lost her dagger in the creature's spine when she dispatched the female troll a moment later, and hurried back toward the bed.  Mindblind's sweeping style of fighting required a lot of room anyway, and he was better off not having anyone close so that he could battle unrestrained by friendly bodies in the way.

Cerebus dismembered another four creatures in mere moments as Christi jerked the dagger out of the creature at the base of the bed.  The troll was struggling to rise with only half of its body obeying the commands from its brain.  She slit the thing's throat before rising to hand the dagger back to Arilee.

No more of the monsters appeared, however, and a growling Kronk burst through the door at that moment as well — with Ashtar right behind him.

Cerebus bent down to wipe his blade on the tattered clothing one of the trolls wore.  "Okay, this is getting old fast.  Anybody hurt?"
