 AUTHOR'S NOTES:

This story is erotic fantasy, set in a world of magic.

This tale takes place in the same world as my core Danica story and all my other stories in Sci-Fi/Fantasy on Lit.

The occasional use of "modern" measurements and such is a product of my fantasy world.  I know most who read fantasy would probably prefer "leagues", "cubits", and "handspans" but my world always utilized more modern terms for distances and measures.  I hope it doesn't jar too much to detract from the story.

This originally started as a one shot, but has turned into a short series.  You really need to read the previous parts to know what's going on in the story and know the characters.


~~~~~~~~~
* . . . *
~~~~~~~~~

Arilee and Christi walked through the massive double doors of Blackhawk Hall into the cobblestone courtyard beyond.  Both were dressed to impress, and the effect was not lost on the guards flanking the door.  Christi turned around after a few steps, knowing that the guards would be looking, and winked.  The men both quickly lifted their eyes from the sway of the women's bottoms, provoking a laugh from Christi as she turned her eyes back to the path ahead.

A glance at Ari readily revealed the reason for the stares.  Christi had picked out the outfit to specifically accentuate the woman's attributes.  Her blonde hair flowed free, framing her smiling face, and shining in the fading light of sunset.

The blouse Arilee wore was unbuttoned at the top to display some cleavage, hiding enough to make a man want to look through the cloth.  It was also thin enough that her small nipples pressed against it provocatively.  The blouse was also short, and if Ari lifted her arms more than shoulder height, it revealed a little of her taut tummy and a hint of her navel.  The skirt she wore was tight and short, showing off her taut bottom and long, shapely legs.

Christi was dressed much the same, save she unbuttoned one more button on her blouse, revealing more of the firm globes it held hidden.

The courtyard was small — the original wall surrounding the keep having been torn down and replaced with one much closer to provide more space for a growing city.  Behind the stout walls of Fightershaven, there was little need for the Hall to serve as a true defensive position as it had in times long past.  The swollen population of the city could no longer fit inside the Hall if the city was breached, anyway.  Thus, it took little time to reach the open gate in the high stone wall that surrounded the Hall to pass into the city proper.

Once again, Christi turned and winked at the staring guards.  This pair she knew well, and they were not so quick to remove their eyes from two attractive backsides, so blatantly presented.  Christi gave her ass a playful swat, and blew the men a kiss.  Ari turned when she heard the spank and blushed upon seeing the guards staring at her bottom.

The noise of the city assaulted the pair immediately as they walked through the gate onto the main thoroughfare of the city — Bison's Way — a crude approximation of the native name for this region coined by the plains dwellers that had lived here since before recorded history.  The wide cobblestone trek could accommodate large wagons passing each other on opposite sides, which happened regularly, as the city had become an important part of the trade routes.

The sounds of merchants hawking their wares, hoping for a last minute sale, filled the night.  Laughter and singing roared from the taverns to reach a traveler from a fair distance away.  Ari thought that the noise inside the buildings would surely have been deafening, to be audible this far away.  The snorts of horses and a thousand conversations added to the din of noise that would continue until long after dusk.  Fightershaven was a rough and tumble place, and nightfall was more a signal for it to grow increasingly boisterous than to quiet down, as was common in other cities.

Christi laughed, "I told you that you looked good.  They're lucky they're standing still.  The first man we come across trying to walk while staring at your butt or boobs will probably walk right into something."

"I sort of like it.  It's different.  I don't usually dress so..."

"Slutty?"  Christi supplied and laughed.

Arilee echoed the laugh.  "I was going to say provocatively, but it's the same thing isn't it?  I've had men stare at me before, but this is — exciting."

Christi leaned over and purred into Ari's ear, "Is it making you hot?"

Playfully pushing her away, Arilee said, "Yes — and so is that, so stop it."

"Sorry I tried to push you a little too far.  Gwen used to be the one to come up with those little schemes to keep the men in line, and I guess I miss it a little."

"It's okay.  I need to loosen up a little, and you've already told me that you need someone to help you put up the proper appearances at times.  So, it all works out."

Christi raised an eyebrow and one corner of her mouth into a crooked smile.  "So, you do like showing off a little?"

Arilee blushed and smiled even wider.  "Yes, I guess I do.  I'm learning about a lot of things I like that I would have never considered until I met you."

Just then, Christi's prophecy came true as a young man walking on the opposite side of the road walked directly into one of the posts supporting the firepots illuminating the street, his eyes locked on Arilee.

Christi quietly suggested, "Try not to laugh, and give him a wink.  It will make him feel better."

Arilee did as Christi had suggested, and the young man smiled as he stood back up, holding his head.

The streets were crowded, but fortunately, not so much as they were during the height of the business day in the city.  The pair was able to continue with a minimum of jostling.

Prostitutes stood along the busy avenue in front of houses of ill repute, trying to entice customers inside.  Beggars pleaded for coin from merchants returning home for the night.  Couples and boisterous groups of both men and women moved to and from the many taverns and inns in the city.

Arilee realized she had never really paid attention to just how busy the city was, and what was going on in those crowds.  Before, she had always thought of the bustle as little more than an obstruction between her and the place she was going.  Now, she looked at things in a more relaxed fashion, and details were leaping out at her she had never before noticed.

One such detail was that nearly everyone in the city was armed.  Only those who wore clothing that precluded it, such as her and the Duchess, did not carry a weapon in plain sight.

"I know the perfect place to go.  There's an inn called the Wayfarer's Rest that is about the cleanest place in town.  The food and the drinks are good, and the patrons are usually fun, without being too loud and annoying.  I know the owner, and he'll make sure nobody bothers us that we would rather have just go away," Christi said, and motioned for Arilee to follow her along the main street.

"That sounds fine.  I never noticed how many beggars and prostitutes there are in the city.  It seems strange when there are not really many poor sections in the city."

Christi smiled.  "The prostitutes are here because the money is good.  We're on a major trade route, and half the population are sell swords with plenty of coin and a need of companionship.  The same goes for the beggars, about half of whom are really just scouting for a pocket to pick, or for someone that their partner can rob."

"They are thieves?"  Ari asked with surprise.

"The biggest part of them.  There's little we can do to stop it, so we just have to keep them from getting out of hand.  Most of them are poor and needy, but afraid of work.  We can usually find somewhere for them to earn an honest living if they're willing.  They just find begging and stealing easier.  Cerebus and I made contact with the thieves’ guild, and let them know in no uncertain terms that there would be limits on their activity.  There have been a few clashes here and there, but mostly we've come to an understanding."

"I don't know if I'll ever understand this city."

Christi laughed and said, "The same holds true for most people.  That's why Thakkor picked Cerebus and me to run this Duchy.  We're the only ones who really understand the people here, and we get along well with the people of the plains, too."

"The plains people frighten me," Arilee said and hugged her arms around herself, shivering slightly.

"They're just not like us.  They have no desire to be tied down to a city, and consider us as strange and frightening as you find them.  They go where the bison, deer, and other creatures go.  They live a simple life, and might seem like barbarians, but they're very honorable people.  Once one of them trusts you enough to talk with you, it's fascinating to listen to their unique view of life."

"I've just heard so many stories about them raiding villages and taking women and things."

"At one time, that was somewhat true.  They only did it to protect themselves, though.  What you never hear is that we white men started out burning their villages and raping their women first."

"I didn't know that.  How can people be that way?"

"It's not something people like to talk about.  There were a lot of misunderstandings back then.  Things were just starting to work themselves out when Drax invaded and enslaved them all.  Once we freed them, it went back to that tension for a while.  Cerebus and I have worked hard to keep things from flaring up, and the people of the city accept them for what they are now.  The plainsfolk trade in the city now, so everyone benefits, and that's made things easier."

Ari opened her eyes wide with surprise.  She had never been on this street before, and the huge two-storied building that was directly in front of them — obviously Christi’s destination — was remarkable.  "Is that the Inn?"

"The Wayfarer's Rest — sometimes a reason for travelers to come this way in and of itself.  The reputation is spreading, and it's almost impossible to get a room without reserving it in advance now.  Somewhere to sit in one of the common rooms isn't much easier, but Ishaq always makes sure a few places are available in case Cerebus and I, Thakkor, or somebody else comes to visit."

The place was one of the largest structures Ari had ever seen.  It was easily as big as three inns of the size with which she was familiar.  All the doors were intricately carved, as were the frames around doors and windows.  The lawn and shrubs were perfectly groomed, and beds of flowers lined the cobblestone path.  The path split into three branches, each leading to an open double door in the building.

As Ari and Christi walked closer, the sounds of merriment from within drifted to their ears.  The sound was loud, but not overly boisterous, as was common in so many taprooms.  Joyful laughter and conversation dominated the sound, where elsewhere the sound of swearing and off-key singing seemed to be the norm.  Ari also noticed that the large windows dotting the building were quite clear, showing few waves or imperfections in the surface.

"I didn't even know this was here," Arilee marveled.

"It's not unthinkable.  You were completely on the other side of town at the Ogre, and I imagine that jackass kept you confined there as much as possible.  The people around there aren't the sort to frequent the Rest, and wouldn't have much to say about it."

"It's beautiful.  I can see why people travel to see it."

Christi grabbed Ari's hand and pulled her into the central door, which they had just reached.  "It's even better inside."

~~~~~~~~~
* . . . *
~~~~~~~~~

A short distance down the street, two men stood in the shadowed recess of an alleyway watching the women enter the Rest.  Both wore cloaks that were certainly too warm in the summer heat, with deep cowls pulled over their heads.

"Who is the fair haired wench with her?"

"A new servant.  She is of no importance."

"News from our dear Governor?"

"There have been setbacks, but he is working to correct that now.  All should continue according to plan."

"Neither is to die, or be incapacitated.  I will be very displeased if such is to occur.  Those around them, however, are quite expendable."

"We take great pains to follow your instructions.  The color of your coin ensures our greatest diligence."

"See that it continues to be so.  Death would be a welcome release from the results of my displeasure."

~~~~~~~~~
* . . . *
~~~~~~~~~

The inside of the Wayfarer's Rest was even more breathtaking than the outside.  All the wood inside had been carefully selected, utilizing only the finest grains and richest colors.  The natural hues of the wood were allowed to shine through, no stains or varnishes detracting from the natural beauty.  The furniture, walls, beams, and even the floor were works of art, with fine scrollwork carved into the wooden surfaces.

Everywhere on the walls were curiosities and artwork, many obviously having come from foreign lands or artists.  Many of the patrons stood near these items, examining them and apparently engaged in conversation about them.  There were many statues and busts crafted in alabaster, all with a distinctive artistic style and dominated by human figures with animal heads.  The translucent pieces were always at the center of every display, and were plainly favorites of whoever had decorated the Inn.

The patrons were animated, without being rowdy.  Most were finely, if casually dressed.  Arilee had little doubt that the bulk of the clientele was of a high class.  The noise level seemed to hover at a perfect volume to be heard by those nearby, while hampering the ability to intrude upon a conversation from a distance.  Attractive barmaids wove through the crowd, expertly balancing trays of mugs and glasses.

Unlike too many other establishments, the air smelled of incense.  The scent was pleasant, without being overpowering.  Burners were scattered throughout the establishment on high shelves overhead.  Arilee found it a welcome change from the usual smells of stale beer, sweat, and other unmentionable odors common to a taproom.

Ari turned and saw Christi wearing a knowing smile.  "Everybody does it.  You don't expect to walk into a palace when you're going to a taproom.  I watched them build this place, and my mouth still dropped wide open when I walked into it on the first night they opened."

"This must have cost a King's ransom," Ari mused, and then repeated it louder when she realized that Christi couldn't hear her.

"Ishaq did a great service for the ruler of his land when he was but a boy, and he was rewarded handsomely.  He used his coin wisely, and grew wealthier.  There's something about the city that attracted him, and he decided to settle here after spending some time guesting with us in the Hall.  I think it may be the women, quite frankly," Christi explained, and nodded her head toward one of the barmaids.  She had enormous breasts that threatened to spill out of the v-shaped neck of her blouse with every bounce, as she walked.

Arilee raised her eyebrows.  "How does she manage to walk upright with those?"

Christi laughed.  "I have no idea.  The thought of boobs that big makes my back hurt.  Let's go talk to Ishaq.  He always works the main bar just like any other employee.  Half of the patrons don't know he owns the place."

The pair navigated through the crowd — Christi returning waves and words of greeting from many of the patrons along the way.  Ari assumed that the bar was made from cherry wood, considering its rosy hue.  The bar was carved all along the face with scenes of beer and wine making, as well as drinking.  The carvings were in the same style as the alabaster statues.  The dusky-skinned man wearing a headscarf behind the bar did much to explain the style of artwork that dominated the Rest.  He smiled wide when he saw Christi approaching.

"Christi.  It is good to see you.  It has been far too long since you graced my establishment with your beauty.  I see you have brought another of equal beauty to doubly bless me this day."

Ari blushed, and Christi nudged her with a laugh.  "This is Arilee.  Ashtar is in the Hall, but he's busy dealing with our little wood troll problem.  I'm sure he'll come by before he leaves though."

"It will be good to see my old friend again.  I will never be able to thank him enough for bringing me here to these wonders."

"You've brought wonders with you.  This place is beautiful," Ari gushed.

Ishaq's smile grew even wider, his teeth shining a brilliant white against his dusky skin.  "I thank you very much.  I do what pleases me, and I am glad it pleases others."

Christi batted her eyelashes at him.  "You wouldn't happen to have a table for us would you?"

Ishaq's smile turned devilish.  "I might be able to find one for a kiss."

Christi laughed and leaned across the bar, kissing him on the cheek.

"Please come this way — if my legs will obey me now."

He led them to a table very near the bar he was working.  Arilee could see the entire common room from her seat, as well as the front door.  She could also smell food cooking in the nearby kitchen, even over the incense from the table, and the scent was making her mouth water.  Ishaq went back to the bar, and then returned with two glasses of blood red wine.

Christi asked, "Boldheart Red?"

Ishaq nodded.  "Just delivered from the Heraklan temple.  I am sure some has been brought to the Hall as well."

"Mmm — Vladamir's vintage is always twice as good as anyone else’s.  Thank you, Ishaq."

"There is plenty.  I do not give this to just anyone.  I am quite miserly with the vintage from the Heraklan vineyard to ensure it lasts me until they bring more.  I was a bit more miserly than usual lately, and I now have enough to tempt a few more people of quality."

"We'll call out if we need more.  Thank you again, Ishaq."

Ari settled in and listened to Christi as the Duchess pointed out people in the crowd and told Arilee who they were.  Many people came over to greet Christi upon recognizing her.  Christi always managed to include Ari in the conversations, and the younger woman soon relaxed.  Before long, she was doing fine on her own without Christi pulling her into the conversation.

A handsome young man had just been dragged away from Christi and Arilee’s table by his angry date when Christi noticed Arilee staring toward the door.  She looked to where Ari's eyes were fixed, and there saw a handsome young man with a ready smile, standing near the door.  Christi guessed he was probably not a patron, but appearances could be deceiving.  He didn't look like the type to have excess coin to spend in the Rest, which was quite expensive by any standard.

Christi nudged Arilee and said, "You're staring, dear.  So who's that?"

"Joshua.  He came into the Ogre and talked to me a lot.  He bought me dinner the day before you found me there."  Ari continued to stare as the young man appeared to recognize someone, and then walk toward whomever he’d spotted.

"I take it you're interested?"

Arilee blushed.  "Yes.  He's so handsome and charming.  He makes my heart flutter."

Christi looked over and saw Joshua lean down, whisper to one of the patrons, and hand him a note.

"How would you like to treat him to dinner this time?  Or rather, let me pay for it and you just provide the company?"

"Really?  But it's so expensive."

Christi grinned and winked at her blonde friend.  "I can tell you like him.  It's worth the coin to see the smile on your face.  I think I might just go teach that new guard that lesson after all.  You just enjoy yourself here.  We can have a girl's night out some other time."
