 Author's note: 

Here is the alien impregnation and weird-ass shit I promised in my first story. Hold onto your socks, cause that's really what BB will be focused on. I was aiming to get all the chapters in this segment done before I started posting them, but I hit a writer's block around chapter 2.5, plus it's been a while since I posted anything. Hopefully I can post these first couple chapters and still manage to make later chapters work. I really enjoyed seeing feedback, private and public. Feel free to send more. 

Also I must apologize. The Temunitu below are not completely original. Chalk it up to a fey mood. It won't take you long to figure out where I pulled them from.

*****

I'd been sitting, hands and feet bound, in a bathroom for over twelve hours. My captors were Temunitu: seven foot tall, green, bulky reptilian-like creatures. I could see them playing some sort of gambling game in the main room of the slum we were holed up in. Amilia, the evil bitch who'd betrayed our mistress, hadn't been seen since she escorted the Temunitu, carrying Jerome and I wrapped in invisi-cloth, out of the research complex where I'd been spending the last two weeks as a voluntary research subject. I'd been expecting to be there for 3 months until this unfortunate wrinkle. My huge breasts, full of an aphrodisiac-like milk, were the result of the research I was a part of. I'd always wanted to be a milkmaid, one of the women who were genetically enhanced to produce abnormal amounts of milk, and by volunteering as a research subject I'd been able to have the enhancement procedure largely for free. It did have some abnormal side effects, though. One of them was that my breasts leaked when I was horny. And I was starting to think that another side effect was that I was horny almost all the time. 

So, despite being scared and exhausted, I was eyeing the large reptile men in the other room, looking at their massive 3 fingered hands and wondering if their genitals matched in size. Hell, I wouldn't even need their cocks- those three thick fingers would work rather well as the "shocker" as they called it in the old days. I'd been allowed to use the necessary, but this was far longer than I'd ever been without milking. My breasts ached painfully. They were even larger than usual, swollen with unspent milk, dripping constantly until I was sitting in a pool of my own milk. And pussy juice. Mustn't forget that. I'm sure my encounter with Jerome 13 hours before accounted for much of the excess milk- he was also a test subject who had been modified to produce abnormal amounts of semen. Semen was known to increase milk production and his packed quite a punch, and I'd taken even more than usual. He'd been unconscious and abducted as well, but I hadn't seen where they'd taken him. 

I squirmed. Finally, desperate, I called out: 

"Sers! Excuse me Sers... Please Sers..."

They all looked the same, wearing thin baggy pants and nothing else, although they each wore a different color. The one wearing red spoke and looked over- scowling, if I interpreted his facial motion correctly.

"Human, what do you want? You can't need to relieve yourself again!"

"I do... But not the toilet. My breasts... They're too full. I need to be milked." 

"Milk?" Asked the skinniest of them and wearing purple. "Are you...? You're not a matchadoy are you? One of those human women who make milk for sex and money?" 

The others stopped their game and looked over. 

"Yes, I suppose so..."

"Shit, Nardo! Did you know what she was? We could have been high on her titty juice all this time!" This one from the guy in orange.

"And did you know how illegal it is for another species to drink from or fuck one while in human territories? Not to mention one that's been kidnapped?!!" This from the purple one again. 

"Shut it, Gel, Tel. Orders is orders. We can't do our jobs if we're high on matcha." The one in blue and the leader spoke this time.

"Please, Ser Nardo... They hurt so much! I'll do anything. I just need them sucked a bit." 

"Shit, Nardo, I've never done matcha before. It's supposed to be unlike anything this side of the seven systems. I'll help her out."

"You're the last one I want doing matcha, Gel. I can't count how many drug dens I've had to scrape you out of. If you weren't my brother... Fuck. Ok, Tel, you're our geek. Go over there and see if you can come up with a way to pump her without using your mouth."

Tel, in purple, gave his leader a reproachful look but came over and squatted near me anyways. He took one massive breast in one cool green hand and hefted it, studying it, and then gave the nipple a tug with his other hand. I groaned as milk dribbled out. He tugged at it harder, and a small spurt was released over his rubbery skin of his fingers.

"Hmm, her matcha-makers do look larger than usual, swollen and tight, and she's leaking profusely. I don't have any equipment here that could suction them, though. I'm going to bring her over to the couch so I can get a better look." He lifted me easily from my milky puddle and sat me on a ratty sofa in the main room. The others watched as he lifted and tugged the other breast as well. More milk coated his fingers. He brought it up to his nose holes and sniffed. This close to him I could see his pupils dilate as he inhaled. He licked a tiny bit from his fingers... And then he sucked at all the milk on his hand. 

"Tel!! What are you doing?!" Barked Nardo. 

"It tastes amazing... I'm just going to try a little more... For research." In a daze Tel leaned over and engulfed my nipple between his wet thin lips. I cried out, from pleasure and relief, as he sucked hard and a large fountain of milk squirted into his mouth. 

"What the fuck!" Nardo leapt forward and jerked Tel off of me. An arc of milk squirted from nipple, spraying him on his bare chest. Tel looked dazed, as if not sure how he ended up so far away. 

"Fuck that." Gel, in orange, leapt over to me and sucked my other nipple into his mouth. He sucked hungrily, and I felt waves of relief and pleasure as milk poured into his hungry mouth. One hand came up to squeeze and grab my other breast, coating it in milk that was dribbling out. 

"Rafe! Get control of Gel, now!" Barked Nardo again as he struggled to hold on to Tel, who was straining to get back to me, his face slack yet manic. 

Rafe grabbed hold of Gel, but Gel was expecting it and shoved him away with a milk covered hand to the face. Rafe broke away and lunged forward again, but then paused. Droplets of my bluish milk shone on his green face. He trembled, one hand on Gel's shoulder, as if struggling with himself, but then his eyes focused on my other massively swollen tit, still leaking milk, and you could see his brain turn off. He stumbled forward and fastened himself to my free tit, sucking ferociously.

"Rafe, what the hell man? " Against the ecstasy of having both swollen tits relieved at the same time I was aware that Nardo was strong-arming Tel into the bathroom and locking him in. He came back and grabbed Rafe and Gel each by a shoulder and yanked. I screamed as they were jerked off my nipples. As one, Rafe and Gel turned and decked Nardo. Nardo dropped, unconscious, and for a few seconds the other two stood there, looking at each other and breathing heavily. As if telepathic, they moved as one. They shucked their pants and then moved to untie me. Their cocks were massively thick at the base but tapered sharply to a point and were shockingly pink against the dark green sheaths they'd slid out of. 

In tandem the reptile-like aliens moved back to my nipples and continued sucking down the milky drugs my breasts produced. Each moved a hand to the other brother's rigid, huge cock and started pumping it. They were incredibly strange looking, but I was overcome with lust. I couldn't even get my hand down to my pussy with both of them in my way. Finally one of them, Gel, tore himself from my breast and leaned back on his heels, groaning. Both three fingered hands came up to encircle his own cock. I couldn't take anymore.

"Please... You can fuck me. I don't mind... Please?" I begged, again. 

Gel gave me a look like he hadn't even considered the possibility. "I've never fucked a humy before..." He spread my thighs, leaned over and his long pink tongue licked me, delving into my hot needy hole. I cried out and my vagina pulsed around his tongue. 

"Too tight..." He mumbled.

"No, I stretch. I promise. Please! Sit on the couch. Let me..."

He sat and I maneuvered to straddle him backwards. The other guy hadn't paid any attention except to stuff both nipples in his mouth at once, his hands jerking his own cock. 

I slowly lowered myself onto the tapered cock. It was easy at first but then I felt it widen until it was stretching me deliciously. And then almost painfully. I cried out in satisfaction and relief as I made it all the way down his cock. I could feel the tip almost piercing my womb. I bounced, riding that thick cock, slowly wedging it a little deeper. Gel groaned in delight, his large hands grasping my hips and taking over my movements. He easily lifted me and plunged me back down onto his thick cock. The sensation of its sharp taper as it came out left me whimpering to have him shove it back in, but the fullness of him wedged inside was almost too much to bear and had me whimpering with the stretching pain. 

Rafe had stopped sucking my breasts and stood watching, his hands moving slowly up and down his cock. 

"How's it feel, bro?" He asked, mesmerized. 

"Fucking amazing. You've got to try this." Gel lifted me off his cock entirely. Rafe quickly knelt in front of me and lined up his dick with my dripping slit. His cock was even thicker than his brother's. I cried out as each thrust stretched me painfully. Gel had noticed my other orifice and was rimming it with his thick fingers. He carefully pierced that tight hole with one cum slick finger and I cried out, orgasming. 

"Shit Gel, whatever you just did do it again. She's pulsing around my cock". Rafe increased his pumping as Gel started fucking my ass with his thick finger.

"Fuck, I think she likes that. Let's see if I can stretch out this hole enough to get my cock in her," Gel said and worked his finger around, bending me forward to get better access. 

"No no, here Rafe lay down and put the humy on top, then Gel can bend her over to fuck her ass." I looked up hazily and realized Tel had escaped the bathroom and regained some of his wits. He was directing the other two while stroking his cock and watching. I was lifted and moved about like a rag doll. I moaned as Rafe thrust into my pussy from underneath me and then gasped as I felt Gel start wedging his thick cock into my ass from behind. Tel knelt and started sucking my nipples, dosing himself with more milk, grasping and squeezing my tits so milk gushed from my nipples into his eagerly slurping mouth. I screamed as an orgasm rushed through me. The two men under me thrust faster. Suddenly I found a pink alien cock being thrust into my mouth. 

"Sorry, you're making a bit too much noise," Tel grinned down at me as his hand came to the back of my head and he started fucking my mouth. Tears sprang to my eyes as my mouth stretched around his cock, not as thick as his brothers', but by no means small. It clogged the back of my throat as he forced my mouth as far down as I could manage. 

My ass was burning and I had to struggle not to gag but the pleasure of being so full with so much cock, alien or not, was sending me into orgasm after shuddering orgasm. Each thrust made my enormous breasts bounce and spurt, which the brothers lapped up eagerly with their long pink tongues. Rafe, stuffed into my cunt from the front, was getting the most, eagerly sucking my nipples when they bounced his way before another thrust from a Gel or Tel would pop the long pink nipple out of his mouth, spraying his face with milk. The aphrodisiac was affecting him the most...I could feel his cock getting longer and each thrust seemed to be piercing my cervix with the tapered point. I screamed around the alien cock in my mouth in both pain and pleasure.

Undone, Rafe howled and thrust deeply one last time, holding my hips tightly against his as he came. This time I definitely felt the thin tip of his alien penis penetrate my cervix and beyond. I screamed and struggled around the cocks in me, the pain of it overwhelming the pleasure, until Rafe started blasting his jizz deep into my womb. It must have had chemical properties in itself because as pulse after pulse of alien spunk bloated my abdomen a feeling of euphoria overcame me. Pain faded beneath an onslaught of pleasure. I came, my womb sucking up his jizz deep inside until I felt bloated and full.

I barely noticed as Gel and Rafe switched places, only feeling brief barrenness as they left me and then a golden completion as they penetrated me again. Gel quickly pierced my cervix as well and unloaded another hot stream of euphoria inducing cum deep into my womb. I could feel my stomach growing large and tight, but nothing mattered but the warm waves of bliss that washed over me in conjunction with my orgasms. Tel quickly followed Gel, inflating my womb even further, although each gush of new jizz sent me deeper into orgasmic rapture.

I should have been disturbed. I should have wondered what all that alien jizz was doing inside me and why it wasn't leaking out between thrusts. Instead I moaned incoherently and thrashed in languid rippling orgasms, my huge breasts bouncing against my suddenly swollen stomach. I passed out then, ecstatic and blissfully oblivious to the strangeness of my cum inflated womb...