 A light slapping on my cheeks woke me from my euphoric nap. I opened my eyes to see Amilia's scowling face and the thin snake-like face of an Edemsa. It's red iridescent scaled features seemed to convey displeasure, although it was difficult to distinguish on the the flat alien face. I blinked and moved slightly. My breasts were swollen and leaking, as usual, but had none of the pain from being over-full like earlier. My jiggling and grotesquely swollen abdomen was another matter. I groaned. The chemical induced euphoria of the Temunitu cum inflating my womb was battling with discomfort verging on pain from my distended womb.

"You freakish slut. You almost got impregnated by a bunch of turtle aliens," Amilia hissed at me, nails digging into my arms. I winced. 

"Please don't damage my new breeder, Mes Amilia," the Edemsa reprimanded her. "If I'd not been delayed by helping cover your trail I'm certain this would not have occurred. We are both to blame for her predicament." Amilia made a sound as if about to launch a protest but the Edemsa cut her off. "It might possibly be for the best. This false pregnancy well help stretch her womb for later clients who wish to breed her. And some of their pregnancy secretions don't have quite as innocuous side effects as the Temunitu. Indeed, she'll be ready to be broodmother to my offspring by the time we reach my ship."

If anything Amilia scowled deeper. "We?? I'm staying on Terra. I'm just waiting for my payment and then I'm going." 

The snake alien, Oresk, if I remembered his voice correctly from when he visited my mistress a couple days ago, hissed a sibilant chuckle. "And where do you think you'll go after having kidnapped and illegally sold an experimental milkmaid to an alien? I'm allowing you to escape on my private ship. For a nominal fee I can even provide you the enhancements you crave and a new identity. But if you so desire it I will transfer the payment now and you may leave my company to take your own chances." 

Amilia's countenance became a mixture of fear, bitterness, and anger. "Fine. But on the journey I want this slut kept far away. And I want my own cabin. And access to Jerome for the duration."

Oresk nodded. "We shall negotiate all once aboard the ship. Take two of my men and get Jerome aboard. I have some cleanup to do here and then I will follow." Amilia gave a sneer and flounced out of the room. Oresk turned his thin red face towards me.

"Well, we are very lucky Nardo was unconscious while his brothers mated with you. As the leader, it's his semen that contains the last genetic information that would have triggered a full breeding of you. You would have been indisposed for three months or more while the pregnancy ran it's course. I have promised them breeding rights, but not until I've personally used you myself. You see that was part of the reason I agreed to this risky scheme of Amilia's. You are so much more valuable and desirable a host than that skinny cunt. The data your mistress showed me makes me believe you are uniquely suited to my purposes. I specialize in providing hosts to species who breed symbiotically or parasitically. Your enhancements make you compatible with many of the hormonal regulators that my clients use for the process. I doubt I'll get more than a few breedings from Amilia before she expires." I gasped, fear spiking through me at the thought of dying as some alien womb host. 

"Oh, don't worry my dear. You'll be well taken care of. Your milk production alone is worth keeping you healthy and relatively happy. And I hope knowing that Amilia will be getting her just desserts gives you comfort. I can't abide traitors or loose ends, and she is both." 

"Please Ser..." I cleared my throat to speak. "Please return me to the Mistress. I'll swear you were never part of this.... That you rescued me. That it was all Amilia's delusional notions." 

Oresk gave me a look that I took as one of false sympathy. "No no, my dear. You are so unique-- I must have you for myself! And the clients you'll bring me! No, you belong to me now, and I'll take good care of you."

I'm sure our definitions of being taken care of differed greatly, but I wasn't sure how to argue the point with someone who'd just paid to have me abducted. So I changed the subject.

"And what about Jerome?" I asked, thinking of my well endowed mentor who had been taken with me as he lay in a milk-induced coma from our ill-planned tryst. 

"He's a happy bonus. I'm not sure what use I'll put him, but my brothel attracts many clients. If the other species you breed with don't increase your milk production as I think it will, I'll feed you his semen during times of high milk demand." 

I nodded, dazed, still high on "turtle" spunk, panic and fear warring with the overwhelming hormones producing euphoric waves through me. 

"Now, let's take care of your little problem. Spread your legs and let me remove the biotic plug that's holding all that baby batter in your womb." Oresk gave a smile that tried to be comforting but failed as fangs peeked and his forked black tongue flickered. I leaned back and spread my legs. He ducked between them, disappearing behind my melon sized breasts and my now basketball sized abdomen, round and tight below them. Oresk positioned me until my ass was hanging off the bed and then I felt something, his long forked tongue, slither into my pussy. I moaned as the sensation quickly wakened desire in my traitorous body. I felt it slithering around my cervix and then a sharp painful tug against it. I cried out as fluid gushed from my womb and out my cunt. I heard it splashing into a container and started sitting up, pushing to get the goo out of my belly. It was thick and clear dark green. I eagerly pushed it out of me, shuddering with relief as my belly shrank to normal proportions. My womb ached as the drugged spunk left it.

"Now lean over this container for a bit to get it all out. It's quite valuable. The Temunitu don't breed often and usually only to completion. It says much about the potency of your milk that they would breed you without their leader. I'm quite eager to try it for myself... But not until we're safely on our way to the Titus system."

I nodded without looking up, pretending to watch the last of the green goo ooze out of my pussy while actually hiding my face lest he react poorly to the fear written on it. 

_______

Despite my most subtle and blatant escape efforts, I arrived at Oresk's space craft with no one on Terra wiser to my departure. Nardo and Tel had secured me, wrapped me in invisi-cloth again, and carried me easily in public to the launch field. I was muffled and blind until they unwrapped me In one of the rooms aboard a spaceship. They beat a hasty retreat. 

The room I found myself in was warm and glowed with dim red light. Oresk spoke detachedly from one area where he was manipulating several data screens. 

"Go through that portal there and clean yourself. Just press the blue button and my bots will take care of the rest."

I nodded, though he couldn't see me, and did as he said. The room was tiny. I pressed the blue button and the doors closed. White sinuous rubbery arms sprang from all sides. I held still as they roamed all over me, oiling, scraping lightly, sucking and then oiling my skin again.

It was soothing and I began to relax until 2 arms wrapped around my spherical breasts, the ends clamping onto my nipples, and began to squeeze and milk me. I groaned in relief and the sudden flood of desire that hit me to have my nipples sucked. My body was truly insatiable now. I spread my legs eagerly as two arms slid up between my legs and penetrated my ass and pussy easily. They vibrated and whirred as they delved deep inside of me. I cried out, already on the cusp of orgasm. Before I could find relief the machines abruptly stopped and retreated back into the walls. I sobbed as my body throbbed emptily. 

The door to the tiny room opened and I stumbled into the large main compartment. Oresk was there, holding two tall glasses of bluish white liquid. 

"Mmm, my machines worked quickly on you I see. Here, drink this... I bet you haven't tried your own milk before, have you?" 

I took the proffered cup and shook my head at him.

"Well, it will have an effect on you as well. Cheers," he held his glass up to me and then tipped it to his mouth, drinking rapidly. I did the same, my head spinning from my aborted orgasm. My milk was delicious. Slightly floral and still warm. Warmth spread through me and set my extremities tingling. My already engorged pussy throbbed.

Oresk took my glass and as he did thin tendrils extended from the walls and floor to wrap tightly around my wrists and ankles. 

"There we go. Your milk is delicious.... I can already feel it effecting me... My urge to breed is almost too much to bear." Oresk turned back to me and took off his robe. I got my first view of Edemsa anatomy. He was long and thin with a prehensile tail that had been hidden by his long robe. What caught my attention though were the two long cocks rising rigidly from between his legs, one above the other. He flicked a hand and the gravity was suddenly gone. I floated in my bonds, spread out before him as he drifted towards me, using his tail as a rudder. He came up against me and I felt his dual members throbbing hotly against my thigh, almost too hot. His black forked tongue flicked out and wrapped around one of my long pink nipples. It tugged and he deftly caught the jet of milk that squirted out, hissing with pleasure. I moaned and arched towards him, my greedy body already desiring those twin cocks inside me, no matter the results that I feared. 

"Oh yes... I believe I chose quite wisely when I decided to wait until I could breed with you." Oresk repeated the tongue milking on my other breast. I moaned again, my nipples throbbing as milk gushed from them. 

"My apologies, but I can delay no longer," Oresk hissed tightly. His hands deftly lined his organs with my cunt and my ass and I screamed as he penetrated both swiftly and deeply. My ass must have been well prepared by the machine earlier, because I only felt some discomfort as he tore into it, but his cocks felt like lava inside me. He hissed in delight and his tail wrapped around me to keep me firmly embedded on both his searingly hot cocks as he used his hands to grasp and squeeze my titflesh together. His mouth latched onto both nipples at once and he started sucking viciously while he pulled and tugged at my breasts with his hands. His hips pumped, wedging his cocks deep into both orifices. My pleasure grew as his cocks seemed to expand slightly with each thrust. Against my will I was rapidly approaching orgasm, my ass and pussy both clamping down on his cocks, trying to suck them in. I writhed eagerly against him, welcoming them into my greedy depths as I started to orgasm around him.

Oresk reared back from my breasts and hissed. His mouth hung open impossibly wide and long thin fangs glistened sharply. He struck like lightning. His fangs pierced my neck and I screamed. And came. And came. My body throbbed, especially around the bite where I felt fluid pumping into my bloodstream from his fangs. 

Something was growing at the base of his top cock, and I could feel him wedging it into the entrance of my pussy. A huge knot was growing there. I whimpered in fear and desire and then I screamed again as he thrust hard. The enormous ball slipped in and expanded even larger, tying us together. Now, as he clutched me to him he pumped fluids into me from his fangs and from his scorching cocks. 

The top cock especially was releasing huge amounts of hot fluid deep inside me. The knot pulsed and shuddered and I felt like I was going to be ripped apart. I couldn't stop cumming with each pulse and splash deep inside me despite the pain of my tightly stretched cunt. Oresk leaned away from me to again latch onto my nipples, sucking down large amounts of my milk, each tug at my nipples heightening my orgasms.

His cocks vibrated as they pulsed. His scalding semen, or breeding fluid, or whatever he called it, unable to escape because of the knot at my entrance, began to expand my womb. Despite having already been inflated once that day, the pain of my distended womb warred with his orgasm inducing fluid. Unlike with the Temunitu, I wasn't feeling a gentle euphoria that masked the pain. I was feeling harsh waves of orgasm in conjunction with the pain. The turbulence created chaos in my mind and I felt blackness closing in. 

___________

I woke to similar circumstances as earlier in the day. No scowling Amilia looked down, but a smug thin reptilian face appeared in front of me. I floated in zero gravity, still tethered by bonds around my wrists and ankles, and by the knotted cock still plugging my pussy. It was sore, and I looked towards my feet, past my enormous leaking breasts, to see my stomach swollen to about half the size as earlier today. I whimpered in panic, no euphoria-inducing Temunitu jizz keeping me from finally realizing my fate as breeder for aliens was complete. 

"You have done most excellently. I have never bred anyone or anything so much as I did you today. You will birth many of my offspring from this one copulation. Your milk is quite remarkable," Oresk hissed in pleasure, lapping up some of the milk dribbling from my nipples with his hot dry tongue. "Usually the Edemsa must go many months before regaining the ability to breed, but I feel as though I could possibly breed again in only a couple weeks. I look forward to the attempt. Aaah!" He hissed and we both grimaced as we felt his knot start to deflate. I whimpered in relief. 

"The cervical plug is now set. My offspring will gestate inside you for a little less than the week it will take us to get to the outer Titus relay station. I'll allow you to move about and meet some of my employees, plus the regular maintenance you'll need to survive the gestation period will keep you from getting too bored." Both hot appendages slid wetly out of my orifices and I shuddered with the relief as cool air hit my my swollen and ravaged pussy tissues. Oresk floated away and towards the door. 

"Rest for now though. Nutrients will be provided as you need them." An artificial appendage slid from the wall nearest my head and dangled within reach of my mouth. "I will see you in eight hours to show you around the ship," the Edemsa said, and left, dimming the red lights even further as he floated out the portal. 

I took a deep calming breath and told myself I was only imagining the wriggling feeling in my bloated womb...