 Oresk's dual cocks pumped into me from behind, filling both by holes with their scalding thick lengths. I trembled on the edge of orgasm and the pumps on my nipples kicked on, sucking their long pink tips almost painfully. Mechanical tendrils encircling my breasts squeezed and massaged them and as I pitched into orgasm milk shot from my aching nipples. I cried out, my pussy and ass clenching around the hot alien dicks inside me. Oresk also cried out, shooting scalding fluid deep into both holes. 

There was no biting this time from the snake-like alien, nor any knot to fill my vagina and keep it plugged until his fluids could impregnate me- probably because I was already impregnated with his spawn. He fucked me every two hours like clockwork so that his hormones would keep mine in check and allow my body to be used as a host for his parasitic offspring. His promise of freedom to roam the ship never came- when I meekly inquired about it he had said he'd decided it would be a bad idea with his mostly male crew. 

I'm not sure how much time passed, a standard week or so I'd guess. My belly swelled steadily, and to my relief but the disappointment of Oresk, my breasts stayed the same cantaloupe-sizes and didn't increase milk output. I was glad that Oresk maintained zero gravity in the room of my confinement- my belly swelled visibly each day and was larger than both my breasts combined now. I had no idea how many of his offspring I would be giving birth to, but my thoughts were it would be quite a number of them.  

Oresk, done with his duty for now, slipped back into his robe and commanded the machines to care for my needs before walking out. Usually he was chattier, but seemed preoccupied today. I wondered if something was wrong... I wondered what he'd done to Amilia...finally I wondered where Jerome was. 

---

Jerome

---

I'd been confined to this room for at least 2 days now. Likely a few more than that because I'd been unconscious for some time. An overdose on matcha, the aphrodisiac milk, combined with my abnormal genetics and a blow to the head meant I was at least a few days recovering since I'd been abducted. The last thing I remember was ecstatically fucking Kitten, as we called her. I hadn't been able to stop. I had no clue her milk was so potent or that it would react with my modified hormones so strongly. We'd both been genetically modified- her to produce aphrodisiac milk, and me to produce copious amounts of extra potent semen. We'd created some kind of feedback loop when I had, in poor judgement, decided I wanted to fuck her on my own time instead of at the behest of our Mistress. 

It was glorious though. Just thinking about it made my cock swell. The more of her milk I sucked from her huge tits, the harder I came. The more jizz I unloaded into her, the more milk she produced. We were both coated in milk and semen, but I couldn't care because I was a fucking machine, the only thought in my head the extreme need to cum in her again and again. To guzzle her delicious breast milk. 

My hand went to my swollen cock and swirled around the tender head where I was leaking. It was so tempting to jerk off, but I wasn't allowed. My balls were swollen and aching, as large as oranges, but if I even approached orgasm an electric jolt would shock me through the collar and cuffs I wore. I reluctantly removed my hand from my cock. 

I hated being confined. As a senior staff member of the Mistress, I'd earned the right to come and go as I pleased. I had no idea where I was, but I knew I wasn't home. I paced the small room, doing calisthenics to keep my mind from my aching cock and balls and the boredom I faced. I was doing pushups when suddenly the door to my room slid open. I sat up and looked with surprise at a familiar face.

"Amilia! What are you doing here? Why am I here? What the hell is going on?" I got to my feet, trembling with suppressed anger and fear. Amilia casually entered the room and closed the door behind her. 

"Ah, well, that's a complicated story. Suffice to say I've gotten everything I've ever wanted, including you." Her eyes roamed my body from bottom to top then lingered on my cock where it hung limp against my thigh. She licked her lips and smiled. Usually having a woman appreciate my looks aroused me, but she always made me feel dirty, like a sex toy. A piece of living meat. 

"Where's Kitten? Amilia, what the hell have you done?!" I continued my barrage of unanswered questions. She scowled, a normal look for her, and tapped at the pad in her hand. I was slammed back against a wall as the cuffs and collar I wore activated and pinned me against my will.

"Kitten is now the property of Oresk, and will be used to breed countless disgusting aliens until she expires." 

"You bitch! How could you betray our mistress like that?"

" I'm your mistress now. and I'm finally going to fuck you. I'm going to fuck you so hard your cock falls off."

I laughed. "You're not woman enough to take me. In fact, I'm not sure you're even woman enough to get me hard." I crashed my neck against the collar pinning me to the wall to look at my flaccid cock.

"Oh, you'll be hard in no time. You'll even beg to fuck me in just a few minutes. I saw the effect that slut's milk had on you, and I've got quite a supply on hand." She smirked and I felt a glimmer of doubt and fear. "I've waited for this...and waited for your balls to be full of jizz just for me."

"Amilia, you know we still don't know how my sperm affects non-genetically modified women. You don't know what will happen..." my voice cut off as Amilia waved a hand and the band at my throat tightened around my vocal cords. 

"I'm willing to take that chance. Now be a good boy drink your milk." She typed into her pad again and a tube came out of the wall to hover over my mouth. 

I kept my lips sealed but it pressed between them. The rest was a foregone conclusion. The minute a drop of milk touched my tongue I started sucking, gulping down the delicious milk. A warm golden haze floated through my body and my cock swelled massively between my legs, rising like a colossus. My balls tightened. I felt a hot wet mouth engulf the head of my cock and that was all it took. After days without release, Amilia- hateful, spiteful, horrible bitch that she is- started sucking on my cock I let go. Jets of my cum squirted down her throat. On a normal day I came half a liter. After 4+ days without orgasm I could cum at least 700mL. With Kitten's aphrodisiac milk, plus the enforced abstinence, there was no telling how much I was unloading into Amilia's stomach. She gulped it down frantically, with plenty left over to spill over her face and down her breasts and stomach. 

"Mmm, you're delicious. I can't wait to fuck you." Amilia rubbed her hand in the cum spilling down her chest and sat back on her heels to look at me. I glared at her, hating her, but my cock was still hard as a rock and aching. I could literally feel my balls swelling with jizz, and I couldn't stop sucking down more delicious milk from the tube between my lips. I strained against my restraints. I wanted to fuck her. Use her. She laughed and stroked my cock with her hand.

"Poor Jerome! I can see how bad you want me now. You'd fuck me to pieces if you could. Good thing I'm in control." She smirked. 

Suddenly there was a clicking noise and my restraints came free of the wall. I blinked and shook my arms. 

Amilia gasped and grabbed her pad beside her, frantically punching at it. "What the fuck!? What the fuck!!" she scrambled backwards toward the door at the other end of the room. I lunged for her. 

She screamed as I grabbed her around the waist and hauled her against my cock. I was filled with rage and lust. I hated her and needed to fuck her, needed to bury my cock in her, despite my loathing of her. The aphrodisiac running through my system was making me see red. A bench, like the ones we used for milking, conveniently molded itself from the floor. I flung her face down across it, pinning her down with one hand, kicked open her legs and found her wet cunt with the other. I guided my cock to her entrance. She's a petite woman, and my cock is literally huge. It looked physically impossible that it would fit inside her and she'd obviously never been with anyone as large as me. I had no patience for gentleness though, no reason to be kind, and a head full of lust and rage. I wedged my massive cock head into her tight slit. 

Without waiting I slammed into her, roaring. Amilia shrieked and struggled to get away from me. I laughed cruelly and slammed into her again, trying to make some room for my cock in that tight slit. Again and again. I pistoned my hips, slamming into her hard and fast. After a few minutes Amilia stopped shrieking and just hung there, sobbing and whimpering from the pain of my huge cock tearing her open. Through the haze of lust filling me I realized I wanted her to hurt more. I pulled my cock out of her now gaping pussy. She whimpered in relief... and then fear as I rubbed the leaking, swollen head of my shaft against her anus. I pressed against it. Amilia yelled and started struggling again, but I just laughed and held her down as her struggles did nothing but excite me further. I pressed and pressed until the head popped through her tight ring with an almost audible noise. She shrieked again. I pressed harder, my huge cock slowly sinking into ass. My precum made this easier than it should have been, easier than I wanted it to be as I hate fucked her. 

I pressed all the way into her and then broke. I couldn't wait any longer. I pounded her ass with abandon, sloppy and hard and careless, my balls slapping her soggy pussy. The need to cum overcame all reason. I yelled and poured my hot jizz deep into her, my balls clenching painfully as they gave up another huge load. I pulled out and thick white fluid poured from her gaping asshole. 

The aphrodisiac fog had lifted. I was utterly exhausted, my cock and balls sore and aching. Amilia hung on the bench limply. I moved around to her head and grabbed hold of her hair, lifting her head. Her eyes rolled back, partly unconscious. Maybe from my brutal rape of her, or maybe from the hormonal impact of my genetically modified spunk. I didn't feel any regret. Only exhaustion and bitter triumph. I stuffed my softening cock into her mouth. Her cheeks and mouth stretched obscenely around it. I smirked, knowing she'd always hated ass-to-mouth. One last petty revenge for myself. After washing my cock in her mouth I slapped her in the face with it a few times for good measure. She groaned and started waking up.

Suddenly my cuffs activated again and I was flung back to be pinned against the wall once more. The door to my room slid open and a red snake-like alien walked in, flanked by four huge, green, turtle-like aliens. 

"Oresk," I hissed, "What the hell is going on?"

Amilia came fully awake and groaned, collapsing to the floor to huddle in pain. 

"Aaah, thank you for warming her up, Jerome. I hope you enjoyed yourself. I truly am sorry that you were caught up in this. Please extend my apologies to your mistress and let her know everything else is going as planned. Boys," Oresk motioned with one scaly hand and the four temunitu moved forward towards Amilia. 

"What are you," I began but was drowned out by Amilia's screeching - "What are you talking about?! What are you doing? Get off me!!"

The four green guys had put collar and cuffs on her and were moving her back to the bench. The devices activated and she was pinned to the bench as I was to the wall. They started to remove their loose pants. 

I cleared my throat.

"Ser Oresk, might I suggest something?"

Oresk looked at me and nodded.

"Feed her the milk. Not for her pleasure," I added quickly, "but because she hates aliens. With all my sperm she swallowed and the milk, she'll want to fuck them, even while hating them. She'll hate herself every second she's fucking them, and forever after."

Oresk's tongue flicked and he chortled to himself. "Yes... That's quite an excellent idea.". He waved a hand. A tube slid from the wall and penetrated Amilia's mouth as she shrieked profanities. It didn't take long for her to quiet and suck eagerly at the tube. 

I watched, grimly satisfied, as the restraints were released and Amilia attacked the temunitu... And their long, pink, triangular cocks. Grasping and sucking them, stuffing them into her ass, her pussy, despite them being wider than my own cock at the base. Sucking them down her throat. I watched as all four of them one by one shoved their thick cocks deep into her until she screamed. They poured their alien jizz straight into her womb. I know their jizz had a euphoric effect, so she didn't even notice how her belly swelled larger each time they came in her. The last one to fuck her made her womb swell so hugely that her tiny breasts perched on her belly like a shelf. 

She was delirious by then, but still begging to be fucked. 

I'd gotten hard again watching it all. I didn't know I possessed such a capacity for cruelty. 

I looked at Oresk, a question hard on my face. He nodded and released me.

I walked over to her and grabbed her by the hair, wrenching her face to look up at me.

"Amilia, tell me how much you love alien cock. Tell me how you want to be fucked and bred by all the aliens and I'll fuck your ass one last time."

She looked at me with a tear streaked face, her eyes wild and crazy.

"Yes please! Let them fuck me! Breed me! Please, I need it!"

I smiled grimly and flipped her over. My cock now slid easily into her ass. I fucked her a few times, her pendulous belly grotesquely swollen below her, but her ass was loose and sloppy. I flipped her back over again and stuck my rock hard cock in her mouth. She sucked me eagerly, her throat swelling as she tried to swallow me whole. I grabbed her hair and fucked her mouth, using her one last time. Holding her head tight against my groin I came straight down her throat. She choked and gagged but I made her swallow every last drop then pushed her away. 

Oresk smiled in satisfaction and gestured. The temunitu took up Amilia and left.

Oresk waited until they were gone before addressing me.

"Again, please extend my apologies to your mistress. Things didn't turn out quite as cleanly as we'd hoped. The kitten is in excellent condition though, and testing is going as planned. You'll be boarding a skiff in a few hours and will be back at her compound shortly after."

Before I could even put together his comments and formulate a question he was out the door and I was left alone in the sparse room once more.