 Wyxt stands at the edge of the alleyway before Blacktung, the light-blue, somewhat purple skinned half-troll peering at him intently with that fiery red gaze. One hand rests lightly on her nearly completely exposed breasts, the mail chestpiece, as usual, not doing much to hide them from oogling eyes. Her other hand scritches, lightly, behind the ears of her somewhat mean looking wolf, Rage. Wyxt does not seem to pay any heed to the glances and occasional whistles (and dollar bills) thrown her way by those passing by the alley, herself simply watching her lover, curious, of course, as to what he wants to do, now that they've won a few hard battles for the day.

Blacktung is tired after a hard's day of fighting, but is glad that he can spend some time at the end of the day with his troll lover. He moves closer to her and places his hand lightly on top of her firm rump. "I hope today was to your liking m'lady."

Wyxt licks her lips, lightly, at the touch of Blacktung's hand on her full, firm, and scantily clad ass, causing her to shiver ever so slightly. "Mmm... ya, I'd have t' say it be. Things went much bett'r th'n our last assault on th' dark irons. F'r me, anyway." She gives a small nod, her hand leaving her breasts now to reach forward and lightly rub at Blacktung's chest. The hand on her rump would reveal that, with all this work going on lately, Wyxt's rump is getting just that little bit firmer to the touch.

Blacktung slides behind Wyxt smoothly placing his hips directly behind her ass, and slips his hands to the sides of her huge breasts. He begins grinding slightly into her with his bulge forming beneath his pants. "Please forgive me for being so forward, but it is hard to spend all day with you and somehow resist your charms." He begins to push her huge tits together, feeling them rub against each other and jiggle.

Wyxt immediately blushes a darker purple as he grinds against her from behind, drawing a sharp gasp from her that causes her chest to rise, those huge tits, nipples already hardening, swelling with pride and surprise. Even through the metal panties she pretends help her in battle, she can feel the nudging from his crotch, and she purrs, leaning back against him, the loose top that usually cups her heavy tits allowing enough room for hands to slip under the metal and play with her charms. The little bit of light that slips into the alleyway plays off of one breast and her right shoulder, causing skin to shine as she shivers with pleasure. "Mmmm... hmm... I think I'mma have t' hold it against y' dear..." then, pretending that she's remotely innocent... "Rrright next t' th' auction 'ouse? What if someone be noticin'?" She giggles. Rage notably watches the two intently, his hackles rising just a bit, though the grey-furred wolf does not look angry.

Blacktung continues to grind and play with her huge boobs. "I should think that we will be hidden enough back here. And, if you do not mind, I found a certain fellow whom you might find interesting. I invited him to meet us back here tonight if you do not mind. He should be here shortly - enough time for a little fun, I think." His hands slip down to the sides of Wyxt's panties and he begins removing the bindings. He then quickly drops his pants and pulls his swelling and throbbing cock from its confines. "Rage - I think it would be best if you go play elsewhere for awhile."

Wyxt places her hands over his own while he continues to play with those heavy breasts, giggling faintly as he plays with those sensitive mounds. "Mmm... I don't think I be complainin' if we don't be hidden enough, th' way y' makin' me feel." She loves how those somewhat skeletal fingers feel on her succulent, somewhat pillowy breasts, the very edges leaving faint trails of dark blue as he gropes her tits... then, her panties are being removed, her hands remaining on her breasts as he pulls them down for her. Rage watches them a moment, before taking off around the corner to hunt... oh, of course, he knows what's going on, but he's not going to interrupt. Wyxt's firm, bare ass grinds back against Blacktung, firm, full cheeks grinding up against that throbbing shaft as she purrs. "A friend y' say? I do like parties..."

Blacktung places his hands on her back and pushes forward into a lean, her heavy tits swaying below her and giving a better view of her dripping pussy. Grabbing the base of his cock, he places the swollen head on her puffy lips and runs it up and down her slit a few times, feeling her silkiness. He then pushes into her, loving the feel of from the inside for the first time.

Wyxt gasps as she's bent over, the teasing of her pussy's lips sending a shiver of pleasure through her. Hands slip forward, to the nearby wall, to support her as heavy tits sway beneath her, the loose yellow metal top not doing much to restrain... especially when one hand reachs back to the straps along her waist, and undoes them, the metal falling to the ground with a bit of a clatter and leaving her naked before him, save for the thigh-high metal guards. She pants, just a bit, as he forces that thick, throbbing cock into her hungry sex, forcing her surprisingly, as she promised, tight cunt to open for him. "Mmmm...." she relaxes around him, inviting him into her fully, as she peers over her shoulder at him.

Blacktung thrusts in slowly at first, getting a feel for her, before finding a rhythm. Grasping on to her full ass, he begins pounding into her, his plump head rubbing against her insides, feeling inside her. He can see her beautiful tits swaying wildly to the motion of the pistoning cock burying itself in her. In the middle of his lust, BT notes that his friend should be here soon.

Wyxt moans with pleasure as BT starts to pick up the pace, taking pleasure in her tight, inviting cunt and using her the way she loves to be used. Judging by the purring and moaning, and the fact that she leans forward, elbow against the wall now as she gasps against her wrist, he has nothing to fear about being outdone by taurens and rock elementals. Tits sway beneath her like pendulums as he gives her a good fucking, and her free hand, after a few moments, claws lightly at the wall, as she groans, the muscles of her pussy beginning to tighten around that pistoning cock, starting to milk him as hips begin to buck back against his own lightly.

Blacktung notices in the middle of his passion, a figure enter the alleyway. He slows his pounding almost disappointedly before he remembers himself. "Ah, this is the fellow I was telling you about. He has a bit of . . . an issue I thought you might find interesting. His name is Yonti." Blacktung pauses as a male troll enters into the alley. His shock red hair frames a somewhat confused face as he smiles at the couple. "I could explain his 'problem' but I think it would be best for you to see it" says BT. He motions to the troll and Yonti begins removing his loincloth.

Wyxt pants, just a bit, breasts swaying for a good moment after he slows, before simply heaving in time with her breathing. Her free hand leaves the wall, to pinch her right nipple now, as she peers down the alley at mister Yonti. She licks her lips, not moving from her bent over position against the wall just yet, purring, and occasionally moaning against her arm as Blacktung continues to slowly thrust into her. "Nice t'... mmm...mmmeet ya, Yont'h." She watches him intently.

Blacktung watches the troll. He finishes removing his cloth, and although the light is still bad in the alley, Wyxt can plainly see he has not one but two large cocks hanging from him. "It be the last time I try any voodoo potions, let me tell you. Most of all the fine troll ladies find me disgusting now, but B.T. here said I might be up your alley. What say you, Ms. Wyxt?"

Wyxt blinks, looking surprised, but, undoubtedly, pleased. "Mon, y' be talkin' t' th' Pirate Queen. I be up t' an'h challenge, an' if y' ask me, this one be lookin' like fun." She looks up from Yonti's doubly endowed crotch, to the troll, and winks at him. "I'd love t' give y' th' relief y' need, darlin'." She leaves it to Blacktung, still thrusting into her wet, hungry puss, to pick the position, free hand groping her right tit now as she peers at Yonti.

Blacktung watches as Yonti approaches Wyxt's face near the alley wall, doubly stroking both his cocks at once. "Maybe it would be best if you were to get them ready afore I try anything." the troll says as he places a hand on her head and moves both shafts towards her waiting mouth. BT begins to pick up the pace again, the sight of two cocks nearing Wyxt's opening mouth too much to bare.

Wyxt groans as Blacktung's increased pace somewhat catches her offguard, and the first thing she does to get Yonti good and ready, is to blow hot, lusty breath over those two shafts. One hand goes to Yonti's hip, as the other slips underneath both of those hot cocks, Wyxt, panting, starting to lick at the heads of Yonti's shafts. Her other arm remains agaisnt the wall, supporting her until she can position herself just right, and, on one of Blacktung's more forceful thrusts, Wyxt slips one of those thick cocks into her mouth. She turns her head, so that that hot cockhead presses against her warm cheek, using her tongue to keep from teething, as she leaves the wall, and her other hand comes to Yonti's hip. Her other hand, now somewhat free, moves to that last needy cock, and she opens her mouth wide, wincing and wriggling, tits heaving and swaying, as she works to get both cocks, pressed together, into her mouth.

Blacktung continues to enjoy the tight clutching feeling of Wyxt's needy pussy. He watches as Yonti tries to stuff both cocks into Wyxt's mouth. The way her cheeks bulge it looks like there's not much room at all. Yonti instinctively thrusts a bit, trying to see how much she can take in.

Wyxt is very, very thankful that her tusks are very small, thanks to being a half-breed, and they're little more than a tickle along the bottom of Yonti's shafts as Wyxt's mouth is double-stuffed with cock. Cheeks bulging, the pressure inside her mouth is incredible, that simple thrust causing cheeks and her somewhat rough tongue to stroke both of Yonti's shafts at once. And it seems like, if he pushes hard enough, he just might be able to wedge his way into her throat. Her cunt, by now, is starting to grip Blacktung's own thrusting shaft hard, milking that thrusting cock, her own juices running down her legs and into those thigh-highs now as she groans around all the cock in her mouth.

Blacktung suddenly withdraws with a plop motioning to Yonti. "If you do not mind I think we should switch - given your condition I think you'd do more good back here. And I do love the feel of her throat." Yonti reclutantly unstuffs both shafts from Wyxt's face and moves to the back. Placing one saliva coated cock at the swollen lips of her pussy and the other on the pucker of her ass, he gives a slight push forward and both slide in. Blacktung meanwhile moves over to Wyxt's head and place his own cock covered in her juices into her waiting mouth. The pair begins pounding the fully stuffed troll from both ends.

Wyxt is caught offguard by the sudden switch, the troll lass gasping for air, chest heaving, and hands quickly going to the wall as, just for a second, she stumbles. Lips smack together a moment, cheeks apparently just a bit sore, before, no encouragement needed, they seal tight around the head of Blacktung's shaft, as if she desperately needs cock in her mouth. Yonti slips into her wet cunt and her somewhat dry, tight, firm ass, and Wyxt's hands come to rest on Blacktung's hips as she moans, blowing all the way down Blacktung's shaft as Yonti thrusts roughly into her from behind. The stuffed troll groans with pleasure between them, as the head of Blacktung's cock settles in her throat.

Blacktung loves the feeling of her warm mouth and tight throat, sliding in and out while her tongue masterfully plays along his head and shaft. From behind Yonti groans in pleasure as the dual milking of both Wyxt's ass and pussy bring him closer to the edge. The pair find a rhythm with their fuck troll - both pull out and then both slam all the way in, all three cocks buried to the hilt inside the gasping troll lady.

Wyxt shivers with lust as they pound into her, anal and puss muscles flexing around Yonti's thrusting shafts... it's been so long since she's had her ass packed full of cock... her back arches, her tongue curling tight against the base of Blacktung's shaft, and as she orgasms around Yonti's thrusting, pistoning shaft, she guides Blacktung's cock perfectly down her throat, knowing how he loves to fuck her lips... she sinks him fully into her throat and swallows, how, tight confines sealing aroudn that throbbing cock as she bucks between them, for the moment, cutting off her own air... she wasn't necessarily trying to get them off at that very moment, but fucking her throat that way had to be so much more pleasurable. Massive tits heave and sway beneath her, nipples hard, half an inch long, and, curiously, apparently are dribbling milk, her heavy tits swollen more than normal in her lust. Wyxt is aroused enough, and tits swollen enough, that it's hard to tell if her back is arched from pleasure, or from the weight.

Blacktung can't handle much more fucking Wyxt's face - she knows all the right buttons to push so to speak. Clutching desperately unto her head, her thrusts wildly into her face trying to reach release. At the same time, Yonti is reaching his end and packs his double cock as deep as it will go before jetting a double load deep within Wyxt's ass and womb. Cum oozes out of both her holes as BT jams one last time all the way deep into her throat before

Blacktung pouring a huge amount of seed straight down into her belly. All the while milk flicks onto the ground from her tits - they seem to be larger than before.

Wyxt can't find the breath to groan between the two of them as she's packed full of cock and cum alike, shivering between them and trying her best to buck back and forth through her orgasm. There are the smallest puddles of milk on the ground now, Wyxt turning a faint purple, but still doing her best to hold her breath, swallowing, notably, around Blacktung's cock, effectively milking it of all that seed as she works her throat to get it all down into her stomach. The cocks in her ass and womb are milked, partly from her just trying to cope with being so stuffed and wedged between them, and partly because she is trying so hard not to give in to the need to breathe for as long as she can.

Blacktung slips from her gaping mouth, realizing he might have been too rough and almost choking her. With a soft groan, Yonti pulls both of his softening cocks from Wyxt's rear end. slimy with his own cum. Both of them sit roughly down, BT on the alley floor and Yonti against a wall, breathing heavily. BT notices Wyxt's tits expressing milk and gives one a squeeze while she's still recovering. Milk sprays in a soft stream from one huge nipple.

Wyxt blushes purple at the squeeze of her breast, gasping for breath, firm, abused ass high in the air as she leans against the wall again. She coughs a moment, then blinks, wincing, but refusing cry in the least as she swallows several times, hard. Then... "Ah... I was tryin' t' hold m' breath f'r ya long as I could." She gasps, one hand resting on her other breast, as she leans back against the way, then slides down it to sit on the ground... notably wincing when her ass touches the ground. ...It doesn't take long before she's sitting in a bit of a salty mess.

Blacktung watches as Yonti bows and slips away from the alley, composing himself. BT smiles at Wyxt loving her with all his heart. He moves to sit next to her and hugs her, getting milk from her tits on his chest. "I hope I was not overstepping my bounds by inviting Yonti - and I hope I did not hurt you."

Wyxt hugs Blacktung tightly against her swollen bosom, panting just a bit. "Sometimes I be wishin' I be undead, jus' so I ain't gotta come up f'r air for ya." She blushes as she hugs him, loving him. "Thank ya f'r bringin' 'im Blacktung... y' know I be all too happy y' told 'im t' come t' me. If he needs 'elp again...." she giggles, just a bit.