 Blacktung approached the innkeeper in Brill and threw him a few silver before climbing the stairs to the room he had purchased for the night. Wyxt should be done repairing and such soon, he thought as he entered the room and removed his plate armor. He lay on the bed in his small clothes, already aroused at what the night may hold. I hope she doesn't mind a visitor. . . he thought.

Wyxt doesn't take long to get her mail repaired... well, actually, it would take a little while, but all too happy to be rid of heavy shoulder pads for a while, Wyxt leaves them, and a few other things, with the blacksmith for the night, with a kiss and a wink promising she'll be back tomorrow. Hips weaving back and forth, clad in that metal thong (the actual leggings were left for repairing too) she makes her way into the Brill inn. The eyes that turn her way, though she seems to pay them no heed, are a bit of a turn on, making her antsy and somewhat in a hurry as she heads up the stairs, to step into their room. Mind a visitor? hah! Wyxt probably wouldn't mind if B.T. up and invited the whole inn for a train. Why would she? The more, the merrier, as long as they weren't crazy people or jerks, as far as the troll lady was concerned.

Blacktung smiles as his beloved enters the room and gets off the bed "I'm glad to see you made it without getting too molested. I'm surprised you made it to the room without a hundred new fans with what you're wearing." BT moves next to his girl and places a hand on her ass as he leads her to the bed. he massages her finely toned ass, running a single finger near the to pof her crack, teasing her.

Wyxt blushes, turning a faint purple as he teashes her, being led along. "Well, I didn't walk too slow, didn't want t' get groped and end up wit' y' waitin' up 'ere cause I couldn't be gettin' away, y' know?" Her chest jiggles in that golden corset as she giggles, firm curvy ass rubbing back against that caressing hand as she moves along to the bed. One hand idly begins to rub at her cleavage as she purrs lightly.

Blacktung moves his hands up to remove the straps to her corset, exposing her huge tits, big nipples erect from their sudden release. Enjoying the sight of her naked top, he loosens her panties as well and takes off his own shirt, standing now only in his boxers. "I'd like to try something new if you don't mind - would you lay on the bed on your back with your head off the side?" He grins.

Wyxt blinks a few times, looking a bit surprised as one hand idly rubs at her own ample breasts, glancing down to th' bed. "Of course love!." She blushes a bit, turning a faint purple, curious and aroused, of course, as she's exposed. ...Vaguely, it occurs to her that neither of them closed the door, but, deciding she doesn't really care, Wyxt slips onto the bed, tits swaying beneath her a moment before she rolls over onto her back. Legs spread somewhat, she lies down on the bed, her head hanging over the side, hair almost touching the floor. One hand, idly, plays with her already wet sex, hairs of her sex trimmed in a neat and tidy small purple V... as though to point one in the right direction.

Blacktung moves to the side of the bed and drops his boxers, releasing his stiffening shaft right in front of Wyxt's face. The hot breath of the troll causes his cock to swell further until it waits directly in front of her mouth bobbing slightly to his pulse. He then slowly pushes forward until he meets her wet waiting mouth, the upside down position drawing new sensations. Blacktung then places his hands firmly on her huge breasts, squeezing and kneading them. The hard nipples dig into his palm. He could swear he could feel them squeeze back slightly, filling his hand further. He continues his thrusting deeper into her mouth, reaching her throat.

Wyxt is, of course, a little surprised, but quick to get into the act, as Blacktung pushes into her mouth, lips parting and head shaking, just a bit, to guide that swollen, hot shaft into her mouth. Unlike normal, her tongue strokes the top of his shaft as he glides that thick shaft into her warm, willing mouth. Blacktung would find, to his pleasure, that he could thrust just a little bit deeper into her throat than normal upside down. Wyxt closes her eyes, moaning around his shaft, as he plays with those heavy breasts, and to his pleasure, he would find them becoming just that little bit bigger as he plays with them, nipples swelling up just a bit as she shivers under his careful touches and his thrusting. Mouth and throat full of cock, she swallows around that cockhead (and then some), corners of her lips curled up in a smile as, with one hand, she idly rubs fingers at the lips of her own pussy.

Since she never dismissed him, it would be noted that Rage is actually already in the room. Being the obedient sort he is, he's sitting in the corner, but the wolf is panting, and it's pretty obvious that he knows full well what's going on.

Blacktung loves the feeling of Wyxt's throat around his cock. His thrusts become faster as he slides all the way in, balls hitting her face. His cock shivers as she moans, the vibrations sending waves of pleasure up his spine. His hands try to grope her breasts more - however their swelling continues and he feels wet spots under his palms. Grinning he removes one hand quickly and removes his helm, letting his long tongue loll out. Wyxt's pussy looks like it needed attention.

Wyxt groans around that pumping shaft as Blacktung begins to pick up the pace, fucking her throat just the way she likes it... looking down, he could actually see where she was swallowing around the head of his shaft. Breasts swollen, becoming heavy and milky, nipples start to leak just a little bit of milk, the white stuff smearing against his hand as he plays with her tits. Stimulated as she is, pussy hungry for stuffing, Wyxt still refuses to slip her fingers between those lips, grinding her thumb against her clit, but trying to hold out.

Blacktung continues to pound her face, but releases her tits and leans over, face drawing near her waiting pussy. Her fat swollen breasts press into his belly and leak onto him as he moves his tongue, lapping at her clit for a second before working his tongue into her. All eight inches of his flexible tongue stuff their way into her slit and be begins licking her from the inside, moving in ways that hit spots she never knew she had. Blacktung hands move up to grab her ass and spread them farther apart to let his tongue dig even deeper. The taste and smell of arouse him more, causing him to buck into her face and his cock to pulse and throb deep in her throat.

Wyxt gags, for just a moment, around that pounding cock, as she's caught quite by surprised, swollen tits squished and wet against his belly as hand suddenly leaves her pussy at the touch, then the invasion, of Blacktung's long probing tongue. Gag reflex is ignored though, as hips back, and then, her back arches, taking that cock fully into her throat and spreading her legs wide for that probing tongue, her pussy dripping wet with lust. Hands come up to his own hips now, but do nothing to slow his pounding as her rough tongue caresses and strokes that pulsing, throbbing shaft. Lips purse tight around his cock, milking and stroking it now, as she suddenly becomes very, very thirsty for Blacktung's hot cum, squirming beneath him. Milk begins to dribble onto the bed around the sides of her heavy tits.

Blacktung hips buck one last time before he cums for the first time tonight deep into her throat, plump head stuffing her and draining cum into her stomach. The force of his orgasm causes his tongue to spasm wildly in her, pulsing in her pussy. Suddenly, there's a sharp knock on the open door. Slowly withdrawing his long juice covering tongue from Wyxt he turns to see who it is Blacktung see the grinning troll Yonti standing in the doorway. "I be stopping by like you asked, but it looks like I missed the start of the party. Maybe I can get in to round two ya?" The troll smiles as he walks in the room and shuts the door. Blacktung withdraws his cock from Wyxt's throat with a loud plop and backs away a bit to give Wyxt some air.

Wyxt groans, just a bit displeased (though of course, equally anxious and looking forward to whatever's coming!) as suddenly her pussy is devoid of tongue, her body hot and a rush of pleasure still running through her as she swallows down that hot cum. Hands come to rest on her heaving, milkt tits as she glances over to the door, but she does nothing to close her legs or get up, curious. Besides, they'd left the door wide open anyway. She peers at Yonti, and what little displeasure she might have felt at being empty disappears in a rush. "Yonti, good t' see ya!" She waves one milk-covered hand at him. The wedding ring clearly catches the light.. this is definitely a playful couple.

Blacktung watches as Yonti steps into the room. Devoid of his helm, BT has to resort to hand motions and the like. Half smiling at Wyxt, he motions her onto all fours in her standard fucking position, though still facing the side of the bed. Then lays down on the far side of the bed taking a little breather and working his cock to a second erection. Blacktung grins as Yonti removes his loincloth and exposes his twin cocks half hard already, no doubt from the sight of the beautiful Wyxt. Stroking them both with one hand, he approaches her face, placing both heads need her lips. "I be wanting to try this again, hopefully I'll get a little deeper this time." he grins.

Wyxt is all too happy to get onto all fours, like a bitch in heat, as she likes to put it. She rolls over, and slips onto hands and knees, which, notably, actually takes a tiny bit of effort initially, due to just how heavy those swaying tits feel. She swallows again, and arches her back, her ass high in the air and the juices of that play with her puss running down her thighs now. "Mmm.. we gonna be sleepin' in milk at this rate, amongst oth'r things..." she murmurs, before suddenly, there's two cocks resting against her lips. All too happy, she tilts her head, flicking her tongue over the heads of his cocks... notably using that cold metal tongue bolt over the heads of Yonti's shafts. After getting him wet a moment, purring, she sits up, for just a moment, so she can use both hands to guide his cocks clearly into her mouth. 

Wyxt purses her lips around them, so that they rub against one another and her cheeks, as she rubs her tongue at the base of both shafts, cold metal teasing between the both of them as she slurps her way down the shafts. Her mouth, and her throat, is still slick with Blacktung's cum, and Yonti would find progess isn't so hard this time, though it clearly will take some pushing.

Blacktung strokes himself a little harder at the sight of his girl getting double face fucked by Yonti. The troll is in heaven, his dual cocks rubbing together in the warm wet mouth of Wyxt, her tongue running on and between both swollen heads. Grabbing the back of her head, Yonti begins the assault on her throat, trying to fully fill her with cock and slowly but firmly pushes forward.

Wyxt holds up a single finger, a sign for Yonti to give her a moment, as his cocks stuff their way into her tight throat. Eyes wince, just a bit, at gag reflex, but Wyxt does not pull back from him. Instead, she lets him sit in her throat a moment, and takes a deep breath through her nose... he could feel the cool air descending past his cocks... before her thumb comes up with a wink. Settled and feeling she can do this, hands move back to the bed, back arching once more, as Wyxt puts herself back on all fours, tits swaying beneath her as a clear bulge forms in her throat from Yonti's efforts, forcing her to swallow around those two heads.

Blacktung watches in awe as Yonti slowly pushes into her throat with two cocks. Yonti's jaw drops at the sheer pleasure as inch by inch he makes his way deeper into Wyxt. Finally, cock heads both deep into her, Wyxt's lips touch the base of both cocks, her breasts swaying and shaking from the effort it's causing her. Fully aroused again, BT decides to get in on the action again. Blacktung gets on his back head between Wyxt's legs and crawls towards her front, his head directly under her heavy leaking tits. Grabbing one tit with two hands - as they were now large enough to warrant two hand, he stuffed the fat leaky nipple into his mouth and began sucking, gulping down her milk. Blacktung works his cockhead at the entrance of her pussy and begins to stuff himself into her aching pussy. He lets her get used to him before pushing deeper, now getting her filled from both ends. Picking a rhythm he begins to pound deep into her while all the while suckling on her huge tit - each glup he takes, sends a pulse of pleasure down his shaft, throbbing inside her.

Wyxt couldn't get away if she wanted to now. On all fours, she's at just the right angle for Yonti to fuck her throat without choking her. Her tongue strokes up between those two dicks squeezed in her mouth and throat as she purrs, shivers running through both of his shafts at once. The suckling of her milky, heavy tits draw a sharp moan from her, though it's barely audible, stuffed as her throat is with those hot, throbbing cocks. Her pussy and firm ass are open invitations to anyone wanting to join in, herself wet, wet enough that one might think she'd cum even if no one filled her. Wyxt shivers, refusing to let what little air she has escape her in a moan, as Blacktung's wet cock fills her hungry pussy, which is quick to clench down around him, inviting him deeper into her. Judging by how she's shivering, and how her hips arch when he fills her, it's easy to tell she's already on the verge.

Blacktung continues to thrust deep in her and Yonti struggles to move both cocks in and out as best he can, the bulge in Wyxt's throat clearly visible. Rage, waiting in the corner, finally unable to control himself, leaps up onto the bed and promptly places his nose dead on Wyxt's ass. Sniffing for a few seconds, he begins to lick her asshole furiously all while she continues to get assaulted in her cunt and mouth.

Wyxt is, abruptly, out of air for just a moment, way too surprised by the sudden licking between the firm cheeks of her ass. She literally bounces on Blacktung's cock a moment as her heart skips a beat, and abruptly, she cums, hard, around Blacktung's thrusting cock, moaning with warm breath aroudn the two cocks stuck in her throat. Hands cling to Yonti's hips a moment as she shivers violently, her free tit flicking milk onto the bed as she winces, still cumming between the three of them... back arches, legs spread wide, to both lower herself onto Blacktung further, and still offer her sweet ass up to Rage.

Blacktung hears Yonti moan. The troll can't hold back any longer and both his cocks explode in her throat drenching her insides with cum. She's forcing to swallow fast and hard to accommodate two cocks worth of spunk. Rage is no longer content with licking and he places his paws on her back, his wolfcock pausing for a second at her pucker before his animal lust takes over and he begins pounding her ass. Yonti pulls back struggling to remove both cocks from her throat and both shafts slurp out of her cum filled mouth. He leans back against the wall and watches. Blacktung now grabs Wyxt in a hug and pulls her tit closer to his face, smothering himself in her huge heavy milky breasts, continuing all the while to drink her milk as her ass and puusy are filled.

Wyxt tries to swallow it all. She really does. But no one can really blame her that when Yonti pulls backsome of that thick, hot seed slips out over the edge of her lips, dribbling down her chin. The moment she can breath, Wyxt is moaning, like a harlot, or a bitch, as Rage begins bucking that throbbing wolf cock with brutal thrusts into her ass, in turn causing her cunt, milking Blacktungs cock, to somewhat bounce up and down his own thrusts faster than Wyxt has expected. Being pounded and crushed between then, her back arches sharply, the lusty troll panting, before she's pulled into a hug, those heavy, milk-filled tits covering Blacktung's face. "Mmm... ah... yes... fuck me.. fuck me like a slut..." Wyxt gasps, in clear and obvious heaven amongst her lovers and on her beloved.

Blacktung slams deep into her and his cock widens spraying her womb with BT's second load of the night. At the same time, Rage's cock is milked by her puckered asshole as he releases into her and floods her bowels with seed. Rage whimpers as her finishes then rolls of the bed and onto the floor. BT however continues to drain into her, suckling fiercely on the tits until he's done emptying into her. Releasing her from his tit hug her heavy tits sway and leak milk onto BT's face as he sighs and relaxes his cock slowly softening inside her pussy.

Wyxt groans as the cumming wolf's cock swells in her ass, that knot sealing her ass tight around his cock as he fills her ass with his hot spunk, Wyxt groaning with pleasure as she's stuffed, held in place for the moment by wolf. That hot cum, suddenly filling her womb, draws a second orgasm from her, Wyxt barely able to even moan this time as BT's pleasure fills her needy cunt. She pants as he begins to soften in her, trying to catch her breath, breasts still swaying and milk dribbling onto BT beneath her as she slowly comes down from her high.

Blacktung hugs Wyxt tightly as they both fall back onto the bed, heads resting on the pillows though the bed is a bit messy now. Rage pads over to the corner and curls in a ball, and Yonti smiles as he redresses and heads out the door, shutting it quietly. The two lovers stare at each other, BT's eyes showing nothing but love for Wyxt.

Wyxt is flushed, and by now, the both of them are a milky and salty mess. She grins at him, then kisses him, though on the cheek, not so sure if he wants to swap his friends juices around. She snuggles against him, the sound of milk and cum alike squelching just a bit as she hugs him fiercely, clinging to him. She whispers, lightly, in his ear.. "I love you Blacktung." in that 'proper' elvish voice, her eyes closing as she snuggles up against him.