 Blacktung shuffles up the stairs of the Brill Inn to his waiting room he'd just bought for the night. Behind him loped the troll shaman Yonti. BT had run into him downstairs that night and thought Wyxt might want to play with the strange troll again, if past nights had been any indictor. Both entering the room, they sit in chairs, waiting for Wyxt to make her way up.

Wyxt has not been through Brill for a while, but of course, when her beloved wishes to sleep there, she's quick to come along. Fresh off the bat, Wyxt pats Vilefang lightly, leaving her raptor at the stables as the scantily clad blue-woman makes her way into the inn. Wearing her town wear, nothing more than mageweave 'leggings' and a blackswaskler shirt (which bears a few stitches just below the cleavage to hold it together... apparently it ripped at some point..). Wyxt doesn't have her comfy leather hat on like normal, instead choosing to wear her dark blue hair in a ponytail. She stands at the bottom of the stairs, peering down at her chest, checkingfor any dust or bat hair, before she smiles, and starts up the stairs, satisfied that skin is clean and still shiny from a shower earlier. She makes her way up the stairs, and to their room, curling against the door frame so that the wood is snug between ample breasts, one leg arching and rubbing against the wall so that the frame is clearly rubbing against her crotch as she purrs and peers in. "Darli.... oh!" she notices the company with a start.

Blacktung grins as Wyxt enters the room rather boldly. 'There you are, love. Look who I ran into downstairs?' Yonti smiles slyly at the troll lady. 'I be hoping we could have some more fun tonight - though I must warn ya I be having some continued problems with that voodoo potion.' He points down to his loincloth, which seems to be a bit bigger this time. 'I figured you'd be up for anything though.'

Wyxt blinks, one slender eyebrow arching lightly as her hand draws up to rub at her right breast.. since the wood, of course, is occupying her cleavage. "Mmm... hmm... I think I'm up for that, ya." she grins, just a bit, as she slips from the doorframe, and into the room. She pauses just beyond the door, and glances to Blacktung, silently asking if she should, or shouldn't, bother to close the door.

Blacktung notices the glance and shrugs - he doesn't care one way or the other and leaves it up to Wyxt as he begins to undress by the bed with a grin. Yonti too undresses - though this mainly consists of him simply removing his loincloth. Wyxt notices his twin shafts look a little longer, though she can plainly see what Yonti was referring to - his balls have gotten huge. They were easily softball sized and they looked swollen with cum, waiting to burst. Yonti followed Wyxt's gaze and blushed 'I told ya their be some new developments' Blacktung turned to Yonti 'I believe our guest should start things off - how would you like to do things?' Yonti thinks 'Wyxt on the bed on her back - head facing me,' he grins.

Wyxt blinks, looking, clearly, surprised as Yonti removes his loincloth, her faint gasp still audible. "Ah... I ain't nev'r seen this kinda voodoo b'fore mon..." she licks her lips, just a bit, then glances down to her shirt, eyeing nipples straining the black fabric of her swashbuckler top... and noting the stitching in the center starting to give away with small popping noises... under her breath, she murmurs "Curse ya Thruk, this was m' fav'rite shirt..." she smiles faintly as the shirt pretty much does the work for her, and slips over to Blacktung and Yonti, fingers running along the edge of her thong as she approaches the bed. "I aim t' please mist'r Yonti." She purrs. Wyxt slips onto the bed, and while on her knees a moment, slips mageweave panties down long, blue, somewhat shiny legs down to her knees, revealing somewhat wet slit and neatly trimmed blue hair in that neat little V. She flips over, onto her butt, and removes the thong, kicking it away, as she slips backwards on the bed, then lies down on her back, taking a deep breath under heavy breasts.

Blacktung watches as Yonti slides Wyxt toward the edge of the bed so her head hangs over and her chin points right at Yonti, allowing a straight slide at her throat. Taking his dual cockheads, he stuffs both into Wyxt's waiting mouth, struggling a bit to get both in. Blacktung removes his helmet and brings his wet long tongue near Wyxt's exposed slit, lapping at her clit before snaking into her pussy, tasting her juices and feeling her insides spasm. His hands caress the sides of her full ass as his licks her from the inside.

Wyxt groans around those thick shafts in her mouth as Blacktung's thick, long tongue squirms into her. The pleasure squirming through her draws a lusty moan from Wyxt, and despite the urge to squirm and close her legs, she spreads them wide for him, inviting him deep into her wet, hot pussy. Yonti would find her mouth a little tight around those dual shafts, but unlike the first time around, Wyxt herself is well-trained, and running her cold metal X-shaped bolt between his cocks, she puffs out her cheeks, and twists her neck, just a little, to help slide him fully into her mouth and, after a bit of pushing, into her warm, tight, swallowing throat.

Blacktung watches Yonti let Wyxt slobber over both shafts a bit before pulling both out. Taking his bottom shaft and placing it back into her mouth, he puts the top shaft on top of her chin. As he pushes forward the bottom shaft reaches her throat as the top one slides across her neck towards her tits. He pushes more, trying to get his top shaft nestled between her tits. He was going to tit fuck and throat fuck Wyxt at the same time. The idea excited BT and he redoubled his licking, pulsing and throbbing his tongue in Wyxt's tight pussy.

Wyxt blinks, before eyes close. Now... this was new! Wyxt is, needless to say, surprised, gasping around the cock thick in her throat as Blacktung grows all the more excited in her pussy, muscles clenching down around his tongue as her back arches with pleasure. Tits high in the air, put on proud display, Yonti would find some of his shaft embedded in her cleavage, before hands come up, and move to Yonti's hands, guiding them over her ample tits, urging him, apparently, to fuck her tits and throat freely as he pleased.

Blacktung sees Yonti needs no urging as his hands come back to grope those huge breasts, feeling them swell with his lust and using them to push farther into her throat. Finally, he's all the way in - his top shaft buried in her tits, his bottom shaft deep near her stomach and his huge swollen balls pressed against her face, hot and full of cum waiting to explode. He begins to thrust, balls bouncing on Wyxt's face as he double fucks her. Blacktung withdraws his juicy tongue from Wyxt and rolls her thighs up exposing her ass. He licks at her asshole a minute before thrusting his sopping tongue into her ass, licking and coating her hole with her own juices, hoping to send her over the edge with all the new sensations.

Wyxt is, just a bit, rocked back and forth from the thrusts into her throat and tits, and Yonti would find that those big tits do half of the work for him, rolling up and down and stroking that cock wedged between her tits even as he thrusts equally deep into her tight, swallowing throat. Wyxt puckers her lips around the hilt of his shaft, blowing and suckling, tongue curling tight against his cock and rubbing that metal bolt along the base of his shaft, before she's caught off guard and tenses as that tongue suddenly delves between those ample cheeks and into her ass. With a cock lodged in her throat, Wyxt gags as shhe tries to gasp, throat air tight around that thrusting cock as she takes a moment to regain her senses. Wyxt brings both hands up to her face, and cups Yonti's balls, kneading them, partly because they're large enough to bruise her cheeks if left free, and partly to urge them to cum all the more into her.

Blacktung buries his face between Wyxt's full asschecks his tongue all the way in probing her insides. Wyxt can feel the balls she's kneading swell and pulse further as Yonti pounds her face in anticipation of release. Yonti's hands feel her already large breasts grow further and smother his shaft more as they leak milk. Wyxt can feel his bottom cockhead swell as it nears release. Blacktung can't control himself anymore. Removing his face from her ass, he plunges his hard cock, throbbing with lust, deep into Wyxt's lubed asshole and begins pounding her rear, the duo assaulting her from both ends.

Wyxt groans with pleasure around the throbbing shaft in her throat as Blacktug drives his own hot cock deep into her now more inviting ass. Hands leave Yonti's balls, for just a moment, to move to her asscheeks, pulling them apart to invite Blacktung in fully as she arches her back further, so that Yonti's topmost cock is somewhat fucking 'up' into her breasts. Hands return to his balls, though, as Wyxt begins to purr around the cock in her throat, her pussy visibly leaking her own cum now as she orgasms from the sheer sensation of those three cocks in and against her. Warm milk makes those huge mammaries slick and easy to fuck, Yonti's cock hidden in their depths.

Blacktung watches as Yonti can't handle the kneading, the sucking or the feel of her tits. Wyxt can feel his balls tense as his top cockhead explodes from between her tits. Blacktung is amazed at the sheer volume of cum. Wyxt's entire belly is coated, from tits to crotch with thick white sticky cum, it dripping and spreading off her sides and onto the bed. Blacktung then releases the same amount as is being pumped into her throat and really is amazed. His bottom shaft forcefully sprays untold amounts of cum directly into her stomach overfilling it and filling her throat too. It's so forceful that is causes the extra cum with no place to go to jet out of her mouth around his shaft and unto his lap, spray him. Blacktung is overcome at the site of Wyxt getting pumped full of so much jizz and unloads himself in her ass, inflating her rectum with another load of sticky cum. She is truly filled and coated like a cum balloon. BT hopes she can breathe okay.

Wyxt is, without a doubt, choking and very, very confused by the sudden warm filling in her somewhat painfully full belly, her suddenly slick, cum-filled throat, and the fact that there is so much cum in her, that some of it comes out of her nose. Still, that choking sensation does not last for long, once Yonti withdraws. Wyxt's ass is tight around Blacktung's cock, muscles milking him, as she struggles to breath just a bit, and feels her ass filled with hot cum, a sensation she is becoming very, very familiar with lately, much to her delight. Once Yonti pulls out, she's quick to sit up though, trying to catch her breath and resist the urge to.. errm.. purge.

Blacktung withdraws his cock from her ass, himself in a daze from the pleasure. He comes around, however, after seeing his cum coated lover having some trouble breathing. 'Are you okay, Wyxt?' he asks with a concerned look. Yonti leans against the wall looking drained, 'I be sorry about that - I did not know it would be quite that much.' He looks a bit embarassed.

Wyxt pinches her nose, before saying, in a somewhat ragged voice. "Tissue. Please bring m' tissue!" wincing just a bit as she blushes purple, looking down at her belly and trying to make sure it doesn't look like she's having a baby or some such. Looking satisfied, she pants, breathing through her mouth and ignoring the fact that cum dribbles out of the corner of her mouth and onto her heaving breasts.

Blacktung runs and grabs not only a tissue, but a towel and the extra sheets the innkeeper left out. The innkeeper was sick of being asked for new sheets every time they rented a room, and so just left extras in the room. BT hands Wyxt the towel and tissue as Yonti redresses and leaves the room. Once Wyxt is able to breathe properly and the bed is cleaned up, BT and Wyxt cuddle before falling asleep in each others arms.