 The room is a small, run-down bedchamber, the kind rented for a few coins to merchants or tired travelers looking to sleep off the rigors of the road. It contains little more than a bed with a threadbare mattress and blanket and a small shelf with a water pitcher and an unlit oil lamp. Its floor is bare wood, stained by water and worn by the feet of its many tenants.

The room echoes with a sudden, loud thump and the door rattles with a sharp impact. From the other side of the door is a small, scraping sound: a key fumbling blindly for the lock. It is accompanied by a voice, muffled by the thick wooden door.

"For fuck's sake, woman! Let me at least get the door open before you-"

The voice is interrupted by another loud impact against the outside of the door and a sensual, feminine laugh which turns into a wordless, eager moan. On the other side of the door the key finally finds its place in the lock and the door bursts open allowing two people, tangled in one another's arms, to stumble into the small room.

The woman is the most striking of the two, standing several inches taller and with a body that looks like it was crafted by an incredibly talented and equally lusty sculptor. Her skin is pale and flawless, without a single scar or blemish marring its perfection and her eyes are molten emeralds, burning with hungry emotion. The only thing that breaks the illusion of perfect artistic design is her hair, cut short with a knife and with no eye to style or decoration. Despite that its copper-gold color is striking and its ragged edges only serve to highlight her fundamental beauty.

"Kal," Her breathing is rapid, almost panting. "You're taking too long."

She loosened the laces of her soft, leather bodice which was already barely containing her generous breasts. She shoves her partner further into the room and kicks the door closed behind them. The motion is more than the laces can handle and her breasts burst free, revealing soft pink nipples standing out against pale skin. She kicks off her boots and pads towards Kal, the leather strips of her skirt swishing over her curvaceous thighs.

Kal backs away a bit, fumbling with the ornate, gilded clasp of his belt. His build is athletic and lean, with skin like Meridian chocolate. His expression is a mixture of lust and nervousness and he raises his free hand in a placating gesture while still fumbling at his belt with the other. 

"Astra, just give me a moment," he takes another half-step back. "I just got this belt, I haven't quite got the hang of it."

Astra slips one hand behind her back and withdraws a long, wide-bladed dirk and begins to twirl it between her fingers in a series of flashing circles. With her other hand she smoothly unbuckles her own belt and drops her skirt to the floor. Her pussy is smooth and already has a rosy blush of arousal.

"Hold still," she takes another step towards Kal. "I'll get that off."

"Astra! No!" Kal tries to back up further but his legs hit the corner of the bed. "This is worth at least five denarii, don't you dare cut it up!"

Astra's grin is predatory and tugs at her leather top, revealing more of her chest. Each movement causes her breasts to sway and bounce gently and even without the support of her bodice they remain pert and firm. Underneath her sensual softness Kal could see the lean power of her muscles play beneath the skin. The sight made him even harder and his pants became painfully tighter, and he redoubled his efforts to loosen his belt. He knew from experience that Astra could handle him like a rag doll if she felt like it and she'd be more than happy to cut his expensive clothes to ribbons.

Finally his fingers found the catch on the belt buckle and he yanked it free, tugging his pants down to his ankles. His erection sprang free, its gently curved shaft extending from a tuft of curled black hair at its base. Tossing his belt and pants aside he started to unbutton his shirt.

However, any patience Astra had left vanished with the sight of his cock. She flicked her wrist and tossed her dagger upwards, where it imbedded itself several inches into one of the ceiling's support beams. She tossed aside her own top and reached out with both hands and grabbed fistfuls of Kal's shirt and yanked it open, sending several mother-of-pearl buttons flying to the corners of the room. His dark chest was covered in a soft down of hair, interrupted by the occasional scar which belied his foppish fashion choices.

"Fucking hells Astra, I-" Kal's frustration was cut off when she leaned in and pressed her lips to his. Her tongue flicked across his lips and when she drew his tongue into her mouth and began to gently suck it he completely forgot his objections. Without breaking mouth-to-mouth contact the two moved down onto the bed. Astra's fingers stroked Kal's hair which he wore long and bound into a series of tight braids, tipped with silver caps. He let one hand roam down her flank and then to the small of her back, pulling her closer, while the other traced its way down her collarbone. He moved further down and cupped one of her breasts, its softness completely filling his hand and the feeling of her rigid nipple against his palm sending an erotic thrill up his arm.

Astra ran her fingers down Kal's neck and through his chest hair and then moved further, following the lines of his lean muscles, inching tantalizingly closer to his ready cock. She pulled her mouth back, giving his tongue one final flick with hers and let her mouth follow the path of her hand before stopping to gently tease one of his nipples with her lips and tongue. Finally her fingers found their way to his cock, slipping her thumb and forefinger about his shaft while her other fingers gently stroked his balls. A soft groan of excitement and desire escaped him and she responded in kind, letting out a sound halfway between a moan and a purr while flicking her tongue back and forth over his nipple.

"Dead gods, Astra," Kal leaned his head down to nuzzle her messy shock of hair. "I'm not complaining...but are you even hornier than usual?"

Astra turned her head towards him and gave him another deep kiss before changing position, moving further down so that the tips of her breasts trailed across his chest and torso. The tip of his cock just barely brushing their heavenly softness while she gently kissed his torso.

"I'm just glad to see you," Astra admitted. "It's been weeks since I've had a good fuck. Or a bad one."

Astra slid off the bed and settled on her knees next to it. Cupping his balls with one hand she leans in and lets her lips briefly brush against the head of his penis, savoring Kal's scent and the throbbing heat of his erection.

"Too many thieves in this town," she continues, lightly flicking her tongue against the tip of his cock between each word." Every time I ask someone for a quick fling they assume it's some kind of honey-pot scheme. I'm just looking for a bit of fun."

Kal laughed gently, which turned to moans as Astra just barely closed her lips around the very tip of his cock and strokes two fingers up and down the length of his shaft. He puts one hand on the back of her head, twirling his fingers through her short hair.

"You should have asked for money," Kal joked. "They'd have understood something like that-"

His words were cut off by a short yelp as Astra's fingers tightened around his sack and she glared up at him, pulling her mouth away from his cock. He tensed as she pulled just hard enough to make it clear that she could be pulling much harder.

"I am no whore," Astra's green eyes glinted in the moonlight from the window, "Or were you planning to toss a few coppers my way after we were done?" Her tone was deadly cold.

Kal knew immediately that he had set his foot wrong. He and Astra crossed paths several times over the years and usually had fun every time they met. It was easy to forget that they were from two different worlds in many ways. While she had a near-endless appetite for sex and battle she also had a very strict sense of personal honor which he still didn't entirely understand. She also had him literally by the balls.

"Whoa, whoa!" Kal winced. "I'm sorry Astra! I'm sorry! It was just a joke okay? I wasn't trying to say anything about you, honest! Blood's oath, I swear!"

Astra's gaze remained flinty and thoughtful for a few terrifying moments before she finally relaxed her grip. Kal let himself breath an internal sigh of relief. It occurred to him that if Astra wasn't so starved for sex right now then she'd probably have given him a good thrashing. He hoped that she would be in a better mood after a few orgasms and he wouldn't end the night tossed in the latrine.

Astra rose from her knees and put her hands on his chest, pushing Kal down onto the bed. She straddled him and grabbed the back of his head, shoving his face between her breasts. Eager to mend fences, Kal planted gentle kisses in the cleft between them before nuzzling his way to one of her erect nipples and sucking it into his mouth. Astra let out one of her purring moans and began to grind her hips against his torso. He could feel the heat from her pussy and her movements left a trace of wetness on his skin. He opened his mouth wider and suckled harder at her nipple, teasing it with the tip of his tongue. In response Astra moved her hips lower so that her moist lips were rubbing directly against the shaft of his cock. As he brought a hand to the other breast, lightly pinching and pulling at the nipple, she began to move faster and grinding in a small, circular motion on his hard cock.

Fortunately, Kal has had enough trysts with Astra to know what she likes from him. He pushed down on the small of her back, increasing the friction between his cock and her pussy. She started to nuzzle the nape of his neck and then to gentle nibble at the outline of his collarbone beneath his skin.

Kal released her breasts and sat up, bringing both into a sitting position. He grabbed her round ass in both hands and started to move her body, feeling the top of his cock becoming slick as he slipped half-way in and out of her. She dug her fingers into his back, perhaps a bit harder than normal due to his earlier, unintended insult. 

With a surge of motion Kal stood, lifting her with both of his hands. Astra may be taller but Kal was no weakling and while her strength was impressive her frame was still slender so he could heft her easily. Together they thumped into one of the small room's plaster walls and Astra wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs hugged his body close. Lifting her slightly higher, Kal's cock slipped inside Astra's eager, wet pussy. She let out a low, pleasurable sigh and her legs tightened, pulling Kal further inside.

As Kal began to thrust Astra let herself open wider, allowing him to slide the full, hard length of his cock into her. She could feel every inch of him, with the swelling head pushing deep inside and stroking the inner walls of her pussy and giving an incredible sense of fullness.

Although Kal's cock was well above average, his girth was not the reason why he had become of one Astra's favorite sexual partners. His true gift was perfect timing, with each thrust into her matching a rippling muscular contraction of her cunt. Each time her pussy tightened around his cock she could feel the heat and wetness building inside her. Her legs twitched and tightened involuntarily, while the muscles of her thighs and stomach trembling with each thrust of his hips and every time her body began to relax he would increase the strength and speed of his movements. Each movement was punctuated with an involuntary gasp of pleasure, increasing in frequency and volume as Kal picked up the pace.

"Harder." Astra moaned, weaving her fingers into Kal's braids.

"Do you want to wake up the whole inn?" Kal panted, their movements were already punctuated by the rhythmic thudding of Astra's back hitting the wall. "Be patien-ow!" His words were cut off when Astra tightened her grip on his hair.

Astra let out a low, frustrated growl and slammed her free hand against the wall. The impact cracked the plaster and the force rattled the glass in the windows. The sound echoed through the room, loud as a cannon-shot.

"There, everyone's awake!" Astra punctuated her words with more sharp blows. "Now, I said... Fuck. Me. Harder!"

With a sigh, and making a mental note to slip out the back once this was over, Kal obeyed. He begin slamming into her pussy in earnest, sweat starting to run down his back. Astra's moans became loud cries of pleasure until he brought his mouth to hers, silencing her with his lips. She responded by biting down on his lower lip, there was pain and the taste of blood but he was too caught up in the heat of their movements to care.

While still gripping Kal's braids Astra moved her other hand down Kal's torso, letting her fingers trace his tense abdominal muscles. She moved her hand lower, between their writhing bodies and into the spot where they were joined, slick with sweat and her own flowing juices. Her fingers found the swollen nub of her clit and pressed down, letting it rub against the top of his cock as it slid in and out of her. The increased friction sent a shudder through her body and she could feel the hot flush spreading from her face, down her chest and grounding itself deep inside, where the tip of Kal's cock hit the deepest parts of her pussy.

"Kal..." Her voice was quiet now, trembling as she could feel the climax growing but still just out of reach. Fortunately, he didn't need to be told what to do and changed his pattern to respond to her need. With a single, strong motion he pushed his cock as deep as he could, spreading her legs further apart, and began to grind. His hips stayed locked to hers and started to gently roll against her, increasing the pressure on her clit and pressing his chest against hers.

They came almost simultaneously, with Astra's shuddering orgasm pulling an eager, wordless exclamation from deep inside. Her body tightened, producing a delicious soreness as it gripped the hard length of Kal's cock. The rippling contractions of her cunt tried to pull Kal even deeper inside and coaxed him to his own release. The liquid warmth of his cum filling her up and the aftershocks of her own orgasm left her pleasantly light-headed. She nuzzled the hollow of his neck and giggled, feeling the tension that had built up over the past two months finally release.

Kal's felt his knees go weak and pulled both of them back from the wall, still holding Astra up and stumbling to the bed. The two fell to the sheets and separated, breathing heavily and letting the cool night air dry the sweat on their bodies. Astra closed her eyes and rested her hands on her pelvis and let out another quiet, satisfied laugh, rolling her head against Kal's chest like an affectionate cat. Kal stroked her hair and smirked, more than a little self-satisfied about his performance.

"You always get a little fuck-drunk don't you?" Astra mumbled something incomprehensible into his chest hair as he continued to tousle her short hair. "Feeling better now?"

Astra peeked up at him, eyes starting to focus again as the heat of her orgasm faded. She reached down and stroked her fingers up and down the length of his cock, still slick from their mingled fluids.

"Don't get so cocky," she tightened her grip and started to massage it in earnest. "I've got a lot of lonely nights to make up for. If you aren't hard again in five minutes then I start cutting up that fancy shirt of yours."

"Shit..." Kal groaned. "One of those nights, huh?"

"That's right," Astra straddled him. "I'll be on top this time."