 "Can we stop for a bit? I need to get a drink or I'm going to pass out." Kal wiped his brow and adjusted the awkward weight of his traveling pack. The mid-day heat had made his dark skin shiny with sweat and his mouth and lips were gritty from the dust of the road. 

Astra was walking a few paces ahead, which had at least provided Kal a pleasant view for the last few hours. The sight of her legs and ass, barely covered by her leather skirt, made the miles go by a little bit easier. The two had woken up a few hours prior and have been hiking ever since, headed towards the well-traveled Basalt Road, named for the black stones it was paved with. Kal had a previous engagement in the city of Ulthar, and Astra still needed a proper new blade. 

"Feet a little sore, city boy?" She looked over her shoulder at Kal, smirking slightly at his discomfort.

"Bah! I'm on the road nearly as much as you." Kal spat dirt from his mouth as he unshouldered his pack. "I just have the good sense to use a horse. Unlike some barbarians, I could name who don't know the first thing about riding." 

"Hmmph. Horses are for those who can't carry their own weight." Astra sniffed contemptuously but didn't seem eager to resume hiking either. Despite her mockery, he knew that she didn't actually enjoy the warmth any more than he did. Oreads were creatures of snow-covered peaks and crisp mountain streams and even though it was still early Autumn the sky was clear and the sun was unseasonably warm. It didn't take much convincing to get her to stop and rest beneath the shade of a nearby tree. 

While they rested their aching feet Kal dug through his pack, searching for something to wet his parched throat. Buried at the bottom of the pack was his leather-wrapped traveling flask but a quick shake found it to be practically empty. 

Kal sighed, pouring the last few drops into his mouth, "Astra, could you pass me a drink. Seems I'm dry." 

There wasn't any immediate response and, when Kal looked up from his pack, he could see that she was staring into her own pack with a rare, bashful look on her face. Astra was always the epitome of the confident, collected warrior-woman so seeing her embarrassed left Kal momentarily speechless. 

"Ah...about that." Astra broke the silence when she noticed Kal's expression, "I may have...forgotten to pack anything to drink." 

"What?" Kal laughed in disbelief, "You? You always pester me about having a get-out-of-town bag ready at all times! How can you not have any water?" 

Astra opened the mouth of her pack, revealing several small wineskins identical to the one she had quaffed during the battle last night. "The place was a rathole, but I found a good distillery so I made sure to prepare a lot of firemead while I had the chance. I meant to buy some new travel flasks today, but then I met you at the inn..."

Kal couldn't help but burst out laughing at her distress. Being self-reliant and ready for anything seemed to be part of her weird code of honor and the failure to pack an essential like drinking water clearly bothered her greatly. His dry throat turned the laughter into a fit of coughing, interrupted by the occasional wheezing giggle. 

"Shut up, you fop! I don't want to hear this from you!" She stared at the ground and tried to conceal the obvious embarrassment she felt, but her fair skin made even a light blush stand out clearly. "I'd been there for weeks and it's not as though I planned to flee in the night like a thief!" 

Kal managed to regain his composure after a few minutes. While Astra glowered at him he considered their options. He'd tried Astra's firemead once, out of curiosity, and found its rough, spicy sweetness almost undrinkable and without the benefit of Erinye training it only gave him a headache and an erection. Astra might be able to make the hike on nothing but firemead but they'd end up stopping every half-mile to fuck in the bushes. He'd die of exhaustion before they reached the Basalt Road. 

"Well...I guess we better find some water." Kal said, stating the obvious. "But I'm just a foppish city-boy, do you have any suggestions, oh mistress of woodscraft?" 

For a moment he thought Astra might punch him and wondered if he had stepped wrong around her touchy code of honor. Fortunately, she seemed more mad at herself than at him and she quickly packed her bags and signaled for Kal to get to his feet. 

"About half a mile back we took a fork around a hill, I remember hearing the sound of water." She got to her feet and hefted her pack. "Let's get going." 

*****

After about twenty minutes of retracing their steps, Astra's sharp ears picked up the distant trickle of running water. Signaling to Kal to follow she left the road and traveled into the stand of trees and underbrush just off the side of the road. These lands were wild and other than the rough dirt road cutting through the hills and woodland there was no sign of civilization.

Behind her, Astra could hear Kal swearing as he stumbled through the woods, thorns and twigs catching on his ridiculous doublet and soft breeches. His frustration brought a mischievous smile to her face and she intentionally steered her steps towards the thickest undergrowth, knowing that Kal wouldn't have any choice but to follow. Despite her own bare limbs, she didn't have anything to worry about. Although she was a mountain nymph rather than a wood nymph, all of her kind shared a talent for flitting through the wilderness in scanty clothes without harm. 

The sound of running water grew louder as they hiked through the woods until the two of them emerged from the woods into a small clearing. The woods were flush against the flat, craggy face of the nearby hillside and a small waterfall of springwater flowed from the rocks, splashing into a deep, rock-lined pool before flowing away in a small creek. The water looked inviting after the dusty road and the dry hike back. 

Kal wasted no time, dunking his flask into the water and taking several deep gulps. Astra was momentarily distracted admiring his profile, watching his Adam's apple bob as he drank deeply of the ice-cold spring water. Once his thirst was quenched he filled the flask again and moistened a handkerchief and dabbing off the dirt of the road. A warm, hungry tingle began to grow between her legs. Kal's rich, dark skin and fine, aristocratic features always seemed to inflame her libido and after the heat and dirt, she felt the urge to relax for a moment. 

Kal didn't hear as she crept behind him, moving like a hunting cat. She silently unlaced her breastplate and set it on the ground. Her breasts were covered in sweat and her nipples immediately perked up as a light breeze chilled her damp skin. Kal was taking another long drink from his flask as she unbuckled her belt and dropped her leather skirt to the forest floor, idly stroking her bare, moist slit with one hand. 

"Kal." She called playfully and, before he could react, she gave him a solid shove between the shoulder-blades and sent him spilling face-first into the pool. 

"Fuck, As-" Kal managed only a brief exclamation before he splashed into the water.

"What? I thought you were thirsty?" She laughed as he spluttered and struggled to stand, booted feet slipping on the mossy rocks. 

"Damn it, woman, these clothes are expensive!" Kal wiped his eyes and noticed Astra's nudity for the first time. She had one hand still working in small circles between her legs while the other absent-mindedly toyed with one of her nipples. "Ah...Of course. I should have known, I suppose. Couldn't do me the courtesy of letting me undress first?" 

Astra responded by sliding her legs into the cold, clear water. She shivered and gasped as the icy water met the heat between her legs and again when it lapped against her nipples. She half-walked, half-swam over to Kal, moving with the grace of an otter. 

"Oh, dear Kal. Please don't be cross." She pouted mockingly, pressing her hands against the wet fabric of his shirt and feeling his firm, athletic muscles beneath. "I would never want to displease you! Please, please let me make amends!" 

Kal snorted at her exaggerated and maidenly tone, but he didn't resist when her hands moved lower and undid his belt. She felt him becoming hard as she pressed her hands against the cloth of his breeches and the heat of his body stood out in the icy water. She leaned in and Kal meet her mouth with an equally eager kiss and for a moment both devoured one another's mouths, letting their lips and tongues stroke and flick against one another. 

Kal kicked off his breeches and tossed them in a sodden heap by the shore. He pulled her close and she felt his dick pressing against her stomach, hard and ready despite the frigid water. A thought occurred to her and she pushed them apart, smiling at Kal and resuming her mocking imitation of an obeisant maiden. 

"Oh, my lord! You must be suffering from the rigors of passion!" She crooned and pushed him back until he was seated on the rocks at the edge of the pool. "Please, let me soothe you!"

Astra stayed floating in the water, her head level with Kal's chest. She ran her hands up Kal's bare legs and then around his back and bare ass. Locking her green eyes with Kal's brown ones she slowly lowered her head to his stiff cock, taking his wet, dusky head in her mouth. Kal groaned appreciatively as she sucked at the tip of his dick. He tasted of fresh, clean water tinged with the slightest tang of salt and sweat. 

Astra felt her own loins glow with heat, banishing the chill of the pool, as she worked Kal's shaft deeper, pushing against the back of her mouth. She did not often indulge men like this, although it wasn't because she disliked it. On the contrary, she enjoyed the sensation of a warm cock twitching against her tongue and the sight of men squirming and gasping, devoid of dignity, as she pleasured them. The problem was simply one of patience as she rarely could wait when her own needs ached to be satisfied.  

But this time she made herself wait, savoring Kal's pleasant surprise as she continued to press her lips further down his shaft until they were brushed by the black curls of his moist pubic hair. She held him there for several seconds, feeling him tremble as she sucked on his cock. She pulled her head back, releasing the head of his cock with a loud pop.

"Wow..."He gasped, a dazed expression of pleasure on his face. "That's...that's a hell of an apology." 

Astra smiled and, keeping eye contact, she trailed her way down his shaft, flicking her tongue back and forth. The cold water had caused his testicles to retract and tighten against his body but she cupped them in her fingers to warm them. She ran her tongue from the bottom of his balls up to the base of his cock and then began to suck gently at the skin of his sack. 

"Ohhh, that feel's-" Kal's voice was slightly breathy as he struggled to control himself. "I don't think I can last much longer if-ooooooohh fuck!"

His last words were lost in a moan as Astra raised her head and took him deep inside her mouth again, shoving face down over his trembling cock. She was becoming light-headed as Kal's thick dick cut off her breathing but she kept coaxing it deeper until she finally felt him jerk and tremble with orgasm, filling her mouth and throat with hot, salty cum. She kept her mouth wrapped around Kal until his cock finished jerking and spurting cum, completely spent.

Astra finally pulled back, letting his half-soft cock pop from between her lips and wiping stray droplets from her face. She fingered herself under the water, thinking about the different ways she could get him hard again so that he could fill the aching need between her legs. 

"So, my lord, are yo-"

Her words were cut off by a loud splash as a limp form fell from the rocky cliff face above and crashed into the deep pond. Astra reacted instinctively, pushing herself away from the rocks and into the deeper waters, swimming towards the sinking shape.

The figure was concealed in the folds of a large, white cloak but Astra managed to snag a fluttering edge and quickly towed them to shore. Kal stumbled awkwardly to his feet, still a little weak in the knees and helped Astra pull the figure from the water and peeled away the sodden cloak. 

"A girl!" Kal exclaimed when he revealed the figure, a black-haired and slender young woman dressed in fine clothes decorated with gold and silver threads. She was a slight thing, probably barely over five feet tall and slender of chest and waist, although her wet, clinging clothes made it clear she was an adult. Her hair was bound with jeweled bands into a pair of ponytails, one on each side of her head. 

"An elf." Astra corrected as her hand traced a red, swelling lump at her temple. She pushed back the girl's damp ponytail and revealing gently pointed ears. They were rare this far south, even rarer than Astra's people. She had only ever seen elves once when attending a festival in the capital of Oneiros. They were likely diplomats or merchants and, like this girl, they dressed in fine silks decorated with gold and silver. 

Astra pulled her hand back as the elf maiden jerked suddenly and gasped, her eyes fluttering open. She reached out, grabbing Astra's arm and pulling herself halfway to a sitting position. 

"Please..." The elf gasped. "We were attacked..."

She was pointing weakly at the cliff she had just fallen from. The splashing of the waterfall had covered the sounds before, but now Astra could faintly hear the clash of metal on metal and the sound of voices raised in battle. 

"Astra," Kal's admonished. "We don't have to get involved."

She rolled her eyes at Kal's caution. She knew the man could be brave when needed, but he hated sticking his neck out when no reward was on the table. She had long ago learned to ignore his quibbles. 

In a surge of motion, she launched herself towards the far end of the pool and pulled herself out of the water. She snatched her dagger from the pile of discarded clothing and clenched it between her teeth. Still nude and dripping she hurried to the cliff wall and began to scramble straight up.

"Astra?!" Kal cried, still cradling the semi-conscious elf. "Seriously? I am not climbing that! You'll be on your own!" 

She knew better. He might not care to risk his skin for strangers and he might whine like a cheated merchant but he wasn't one to let a companion rush into danger alone either. Although given the route she had chosen he might not be able to follow her for a while. 

The cliff face was dotted with numerous hand- and foot-holds and she was able to scramble up the sheer rock as easily as a child climbing a tree. As she approached the top of the cliff the sounds of battle intensified. She could hear deep, frog-like rumbles: the battle cries of kabirii. 

Kabirii were foul creatures, a dwarf- or gnome-like race that dwelled underground and emerged periodically to steal meat and iron before vanishing into their caves and tunnels once more. Although she knew they had the wit to craft weapons and plan ambushes, she'd never heard of anyone actually holding a conversation with them. 

She felt a twinge of relief when she recalled it was Autumn, still several months before the kabirii's annual rut. Even she would rather not fight a lust-crazed pack of kabirii if she could at all help it. 

Just as her hands gripped the ledge overlooking the forest below and began to pull herself up she could hear a sudden, pained cry. It sounded bad: the wet gurgle of someone trying desperately to breathe through a lungful of blood.

Climbing over the lip of the cliff, Astra took in the scene. A small, one-horse carriage had apparently been navigating an overgrown and unused dirt road that lead over the hill and past the cliff. The horse had probably been the reason why the kabirii attacked. The beast already lay dead, a pool of blood spreading from numerous wounds left by kabiri throwing hatchets. The carriage itself had been toppled by the horse's collapse, one wheel slowly spinning. 

Numerous dead kabirii lay scattered around the carriage. The attack had probably been catastrophic for the tribe and with this many dead warriors they were unlikely to survive the winter. However, kabirii seemed incapable of understanding the concept of a 'sunk cost' and would gladly throw themselves into the jaws of death rather than beat a sensible retreat. She had seen a village invaded, leaving kabirii dead by the dozens, all for the sake of stealing two skinny cows. 

The source of the dead kabirii seemed to be an elven man, dressed in an outfit much like the young woman who had gone falling off the cliff. He had clearly fought bravely and with great skill, but sheer numbers must have been his undoing. It looked to Astra like he had been surrounded, pulled down and had his throat cut. 

There seemed to be about a dozen kabirii still standing. Most were gathered around the corpse of the elven warrior, beating his still body with clubs and hatchets, letting out their croaking battle cries. They were squat creatures that looked like nothing so much as a human figure that had been compressed. Their heads were wide and flat, with bulging, wall-eyed faces and huge, gap-toothed mouths. Their limbs were short, fat and wrinkled and they did not cover their grotesque bodies with any clothing other than a belt or harness to hold weapons or satchels. 

Several kabirii appeared to be trying to enter the toppled carriage, hooting and croaking as they tried to pull the door open. Someone, unseen inside the carriage, was fighting against them and holding the door shut from within. This stalemate wasn't likely to last very long. 

It was too late for the elvish warrior but Astra knew she might still have time to save the person inside the carriage. She pulled the knife from between her teeth and drew in a deep breath and visualized her inner fire. 

The inner fire was the key to the ability of the Erinyes. It burned in the core of one's being and provided strength to the body, courage to the soul and heat to the blood and loins. It was intensity, passion, rage, lust, joy and ferocity. Firemead could fuel it, whipping it into a raging inferno, but even without the drink, the inner fire was always burning inside of her. 

Which was good, because she hadn't had the opportunity to retrieve any firemead before scaling the cliff. 

She took another deep breath, visualizing the world's primal energies flowing into her with each breath and fueling the fire. As her inner flame burned brighter strength and vigor filled her, washing away the exhaustion of the day's travel and the rapid ascent up the cliff face. 

She allowed some of that fire to fill her lungs and released her breath in a single, mighty roar of challenge. Every kabiri suddenly stopped what it was doing and looked at her, their goggle-eyes wide with shock and their mouth's slack. Her teacher had called this technique the Predator's Roar, filling her enemies with the same terror a rabbit feels when face-to-face with a wolf. 

Astra fell on them like a hawk, taking advantage of their momentary shock. The group surrounding the dead elf scattered as she leapt into their midst, but they were too late. A bare heel snapped one kabiri's jaw while her knife lashed out in a series of quick slashes, leaving two kabirii short several fingers. The wounded kabirii thrashed and croaked in distress, unable to fight. Astra spared them no pity, she had seen what kabirii did to women during the rut and maiming was a better fate than they deserved. 

The Predator's Roar was wearing off and the other kabirii regained some fight in their belly. Before they could swarm her Astra flicked her wrist, burying her knife in one kabiri's eye. She snatched up the small spears dropped by the now-fingerless kabirii and twirled them in her hands like batons, batting aside the other kabiri's weapons and plunging one spear into the throat of a kabiri attempting to sneak up behind her. 
