 Javon lay back on the floor of the p-pod and ignored the pain while he allowed Blaha to fuss over him. The words coming out of her mouth weren't exactly full of loving concern. In fact, they sounded more like nagging, but he loved it anyway.

"... I can't believe you took on a full grown lizaarse without a weapon. I didn't think there was anyone alive on the face of Eris stupid enough to do that. Did you think you are made of titanium?"

She continued to nag, but at the same time, she was tending to his wounds with gentle hands. She had found his tiny first aid kit, forced him to swallow a painkiller — not that he was going to argue about that, he needed it — and was showing remarkable creativity in using the rest.

She had sprayed his small tube of NuSkin along his bruised and scraped ribs. He refused to believe they might worse then bruised. He couldn't afford cracked ribs now, so they were bruised. 

Blaha continued to nag. "...You didn't even have a torch when you jumped in like that. Did you even know what you were attacking?"

No. He had no idea, but when he heard Blaha screaming, he'd had no alternative but to rush to her aid. 

"You think I should have ignored the scream?" he asked mildly, then gasped when she pressed on a painful area of his hips.

She lightened her grip. "Well no. But you could have grabbed a weapon before you jumped in."

Was it his imagination or were her hands not quite as impersonal as they should be? He luxuriated in her attention.

"I didn't have time."

"Hold out your wing." He obediently held out his injured wing, wincing at the sight of the ugly wound that tore it. "You should have taken your time, got a weapon. It was a stupid thing to do."

"I won, didn't I?"

He laughed when she scowled at him. 

"Pure luck. I've never heard of anyone taking on a full grown lizaarse without a weapon and not getting killed. This one must have old or ill."

He grinned. "Or maybe you don't want to admit that I'm the man of your dreams, able to battle big beasties with my bare hands."

He expected her to smack him down for that, but she avoided his eyes and ducked outside for a moment. She came back holding the roll of universal engine tape. He looked at it apprehensively. "What are you going to do with that?"

"Put you back together. Stretch out your wing fully."

Wincing he did so, and she began the taxing job of lining up all the torn skin and sticking them together.

"Engine tape?" he asked. 

She looked up for a second, then returned her attention to his wing. "Med tape would be better, but this stuff works too. And it's tougher than med tape, and doesn't have to be replaced after a shower. Not that we're in danger of showers out here." She sniffed herself for emphasis.

He sniffed too. It was true, none of them had been able to wash recently, but while he stank in the aftermath of the fight, Blaha just smelled more like Blaha. And she still smelled right.

He marveled at his naivety when he had first met her. How could he possibly have thought she was a plain penniless student from a low family? The longer he spent with her, the more incredible that notion seemed.

This Blaha was a bundle of trouble, and he was more determined than ever to marry her. He wondered what secrets she was still hiding. 

Who was she really? Look at the way she was ordering him around. That assurance and casual assumption of authority didn't come from a low status family. Then there was the way, when she had been in trouble, she had gone straight to the Queen. How many people would have thought of doing that? How many uninvited visitors would his grandmother have seen? 

She had to be from a High Family, even that nagging sense of familiarity pointed to that, but for the life of him, he couldn't place her.

"You've done this before," he said. She had worked a third of the way down the tear. It wasn't pleasant, and he winced every time she applied a new piece of tape, but he trusted her. 

She made sure the next piece of skin was flat, tore off another piece of tape, and stuck it down. "Yes. Lots of injuries on the farm and Mother rarely bothered taking us to a med unit unless there were at least a couple of bones broken."

She straightened up for a moment, rotating her shoulders to work out the stiffness from the cramped conditions. "This should hold you until can get to a med unit and into a healing hibernation. Without one, it will probably heal, but it will hurt and it will scar."

She set back to work again. It stung."Where is Luis now?" Javon asked. 

"Disposing of the remains of the lizaarse and going looking for water. We're almost out."

"How much do you know about humans?" Javon asked. 

"There was one lesson on basic anatomy and the best way to kill them, but that's about all. Why?"

He picked his words carefully. "There are rumors — I have no personal experience, you understand —" 

"What, no hordes of sexy Earthlings chasing you round the palace?" She grinned at him, but there was an edge to her voice.

"I wish! I've always wondered about human females."

Blaha punched him but was careful to find one of the few part of him that were not injured. "It wasn't your fault, you know. The phasor malfunctioned."

Her smile wobbled. "Why do you have to be so nice?"

"That's a probl—?" he asked, but didn't get to finish because she leaned down and kissed him. It was a gentle, fleeting kiss, but he wanted more and hauled her down against him to deepen it. Then he hissed with pain when his ribs protested. 

"I'm sorry, I can't..." he gasped.

She lifted her head to look at him, her eyes searching for something. Whatever it was, she must have found it, because she smiled. "That's all right. I can." And she kissed him again. 

This kiss was still gentle, but it wasn't friendly. She was kissing him like a female who had found her mate and wasn't letting go. Her tongue dipped into this mouth, caressing and tasting him. 

When she eventually raised her head again, she wore a wicked grin. "Here's the deal. You're all injured and can barely move. I'm almost better, so I'm going to move for both of us. And you are going to lie there and enjoy it."

Her words were pure bravado, but there was a question in her eyes. Javon had no idea what she had in mind, but he wasn't going to stop her. 

"Deal."

She bent and gave him a quick hard kiss, then knelt back to peruse him. "Changed your mind?" he taunted. Please don't let her change her mind.

"I'm just deciding what I'll do first." She leaned forward onto all fours and bent down to nibble his ear. It tickled. He couldn't help it, he laughed. 

In retaliation, she closed her teeth over the point of his ear, stopping just short of pain. He gasped. The sensation shot a thrill through his body, bringing him out in goose bumps. "No fair," he whispered.

Her tongue traced a whorl along his ear while she caressed his horn. The gasp turned to a moan. "Who said anything about fair?"

Her fingers on his horn were delicate and maddening. "Harder, please." She obliged, tightening her grip until he thought he would come just from that. No-one had ever had such a devastating effect on him. 

He gave a whimper of disappointment when she stopped, but caught his breath when she moved down and kissed his neck, then nipped the point where his neck joined his shoulder. He shivered, but she had already moved on, and was nuzzling under his ear. "Blaha," he breathed, in protest and longing. He wasn't sure how much of this he could take.

She put her finger on his mouth. "The deal is I get to do what I want. Okay?"

This was what she wanted? He nodded shakily. "Okay by me."

She swooped in and kissed him, her mouth possessive and her tongue aggressive. Oh yes, she was staking her claim. He kissed her back with all the ardor he could manage without tearing his wing open.

She traced the line of his wings, now open and vulnerable on the floor of the pod. Everywhere she touched, she painted with painless fire. "I want to do this to you," he gasped. 

"Next time. Now lie still." She continued to stroke along his wings until he was mindless with pleasure. When he started to writhe, she stopped. "Uh uh, no moving." 

He nodded and forced himself to lie still. She sucked at his collarbone and then kissed her way down his chest. Her hands move restlessly over his, caressing his arm, his chest and his stomach.

He managed to reach down and pull her up. "Blaha, stop," he managed.

"You're not enjoying this?" She sounded indignant, but there was a trace of uncertainty underneath.

"If it was any better, I'd have a heart attack," he told her truthfully.

"Then why?"

"Blaha, I'm filthy. I stink. You shouldn't..." He couldn't go on.

She laughed at him. "Javon. I like the way you smell. You smell real." And she moved back down to nuzzle at his stomach. She bit the skin there, a bite hard enough to make him flinch and twitch. "Any more silly arguments?"

He gave himself up to her talented hands and mouth. "No ma'am, do whatever you want."

And what she wanted was everything. Caught in the web of pleasure she spun, he was hardly aware of where her fingers stoked or her tongue licked, or her lips sucked. He just knew that nothing have ever felt this good in his entire life. His injuries were forgotten as he writhed at her command. He was helpless to stop his genitals expending.

She hummed in approval. "Oh, this I like," and she stroked his dick with gentle fingers. He urged her on, and she slid her hands up and down it, lingering over the ridges. Pleasure skated up and down his spine, and his hips moved beyond his control. 

Then, shockingly, she bent down and took the head of his cock into her mouth. The combination of wet warmth and suction almost blew the top off his head. "What?" was all he could manage.

To his relief — regret? — she raised her read. "Luis taught me this. Do you like it?" She sounded innocent as a hatchling.

He could only gasp. She laughed, and went back to where she had left off. His breath hitched and his eyes crossed in pleasure.

He lost it then. Her warm mouth and eager hands pushed him into a place where nothing existed except Blaha and what she was doing to him. The pleasure intensified until he was just a nameless mass of nerve endings, with no idea of where he began or ended. 

Ecstasy tightened every muscle in his body until he exploded into an orgasm so violent he passed out. And Blaha was with him every inch of the way.

He came back to himself, clutching her to his injured ribs, which he could no longer feel, and thinking "I'm going to marry this girl. I have to have her forever."

Blaha woke up cuddled against Javon, and couldn't help grinning. She had no idea where she got the courage to do all that, but it had been worth it. She had loved seeing Javon come apart under her like that, and couldn't wit to do it again. And from the noises he was making, he would be up for that too.

The door of the p-pod opened a crack, and Luis put his head in. His face tightened at the sight of her and Javon cuddled up together like a pair of newly hatched babies. "Enjoying yourself there?" he asked sardonically. He threw something into the pod. "That kit bag of yours is making a funny noise."