 Blaha was very conscious of the human sitting beside her in the little shuttle taxi she had hired to take them home. She busied herself setting the directions for the flight, but still felt his gaze like a physical touch.

What had she been thinking, promising to have sex with him? She was a fertile female from a— Ruthlessly, she cut off that thought. She refused to think about her family. But she was still a fertile female and she did not indulge in casual sex, even with her own species. How was she going to be able to go through with it?

She knew sex with humans was possible. The Tiresome Twins were proof of that. She had even heard of Erisians marrying humans. It was clearly possible, just not something she had ever imagined doing.

She didn't even know what he looked like. What was he hiding beneath all that camouflage? The thought of mating with the human beside her sent a shiver down her spine. And a tiny dark thread of excitement.

She glanced quickly over at him. He still wore those sunglasses that hid his eyes, but he had turned his body in her direction and all his attention was focused on her. "Where are we going?" he asked. His voice sounded deeper than she remembered.

"My apartment." Her voice came out breathless and she stopped, annoyed with herself. This was a job, not something that mattered to her. 

"You said you are to take me to my family." She nodded, not looking at him. "Why you?"

She blanked for a moment on the unexpected question. "We're cousins of a sort," she told him. "One of my relatives is married to one of your relatives." It was the answer she had prepared if this ever came up. With large Erisian families and complex inter-marriage connections, it was so likely that no-one ever checked up. This time, it was actually true. Not that she planned for anyone to find out. 

He made a rude sound and gave her a once-over. "Honey, none of my cousins look like you." 

She turned away and didn't answer. She knew what she looked like, and had come to terms with features so ordinary she was almost invisible. She liked it, she reminded herself. Being pretty was over-rated. Pretty was memorable, and she didn't want that. She really didn't.

It was a short flight and they arrived before he could ask any more questions. She halted the taxi outside her apartment on the eighteenth floor. It hovered while she opened the door and gestured for the human to enter. He glanced down at the drop but said nothing when he stepped from the taxi to her apartment.

He did a slow spin. "Man, do you people not know about corners?"

She looked at it with fresh eyes. Her apartment didn't have corners, it was a typical rounded Erisian chamber. It was atypically small, however, since she was a student who was saving all her credit. If she stood in the middle of it with her wings spread, she could almost touch all the walls, and it took only a single beat of her wings before she touched the roof. 

It was tidy, because she has very few possessions, and they were always packed carefully, but it was very bare. 

With Luis Reyes in the room, it looked tiny and over-crowded.

She panicked. She had brought this human here to have sex with him, but where could they do it? She slept in a recessed alcove which was barely big enough for her, never mind anyone else. She had no idea how humans even did IT. Did they have some weird appendages she didn't know about? 

She backed away from him. She couldn't do this. He was a human. What if anyone found out? She would be disgraced. 

"You changed your mind." Was he a mind reader? "It's okay. I'll go back to the ship."

The blasted taxi was still outside, hovering, still available to take him back to the port. She couldn't let him do that. "No." 

She gathered herself. She would do it. "I haven't changed my mind."

She took a step closer to him, reached up and pulled his head down to her. She kissed him, willing him to believe that she wanted to do this. That she wanted him.

His mouth was like nothing she had ever tasted. Dark. Exciting. Erotic. She tightened her grip on him. "Take your clothes off," she said. She had to know.

He raised his head slowly, then pulled off his cap, and the sunglasses. His hair was a thick mane of dark brown that curled into the back of his neck. His eyes were a startling amber color, fringed with thick lashes. Sharp cheekbones and a thin blade of a nose added an air of subtle menace, only slightly diluted by the curl of his mobile mouth. He looked younger, and more dangerous, than she had imagined.

"Take off the rest." Her demand came out more like a plea.

He grabbed the bottom of his sweatshirt and hauled it off over his head, then in a single motion, shucked his pants and shoes, leaving him standing naked in front of her. 

She swallowed. She had not imagined anything like this. 

He was lean, and muscled like a snake, with golden skin stretched over flexing muscles. Wide shoulders tapered down into a rangy chest and down into tight stomach muscles. Her eyes tracked down and then jerked up again. Some things about humans were different from Erisians. Her hands itched to caress the biceps which moved when he clenched his fists under her gaze, but more, they itched to investigate the scattering of hair across his chest, which narrowed into a thin line that led down to his—

Steeling herself, she stared at it. His cock. She was looking at a human's cock. It rose out of a nest of dark curly hair and was pointing right at her. Was it looking at her? She jerked her gaze back to his face. 

Luis was watching her, a smile in his eyes. He moved, flexing his muscles and preening for her. "You like, babe?" The long muscles in his thighs bunched. There was a light scattering of hair there too.

She licked her lips. "I had no idea. You should never wear clothes." She moved in and reached up to kiss him again. This time he met her halfway, and pulled her against his body. The slight roughness of his body hair against her bare skin was exquisite. 

Blaha forgot all about her assignment, about her misgiving and her reservations. Family? She had no family, she could do whatever she wanted. And she wanted this human. She wiggled against him, trying to feel more of his delicious warmth engulfing her.

He deepened the kiss, encouraging her to open her mouth, then sliding his tongue in. Astonishing. But so pleasurable. She sucked on his tongue, and he groaned. 

She jerked back, worried that she had done something wrong. But he was smiling at her. He raised his hand, and stroked her eyebrow. He pushed his hand into her hair, her boring lavender hair. "So pretty," he said. He traced the pointed tip of her ear. "So delicate." She wanted to purr. She knew she wasn't pretty or delicate, but if he wanted to think so, let him. 

He moved his hand down her back to her wings and stroked one. She hummed with delight. He jerked back, startled, then went back to caress it again. The sensation was so wickedly pleasurable that she melted against him. "Instead of tits, you've got wings, hmm?" he said.

She pulled back far enough to glare at him. "I'm not a mammal, thank you." 

But he was. She was fascinated by him. She rubbed her hands through the hair on his chest, and laughed as it tickled her palms. So many textures to explore. His back fascinated her, smooth all the way down to the muscles of his rounded buttocks. She was used to looking at naked or near naked men, but there was something thrilling, something illicit about this one.

I'm the only Erisian who has seen this, she thought, and felt a thrill of possession. Suddenly, she liked his baggy clothes and wanted him to keep wearing them. She loved the idea that only she knew what it was to run her fingers through his hair. 

She moved closer and kissed him again. This time, she slipped her tongue into his mouth. His cock pressed against her stomach, hot and exciting. She pressed back against it. 

He groaned again, but this time she didn't stop. His musky scent enveloped her, making her hungry for more. She broke off the kiss, pushed her nose into his neck and licked. His beard tickled, but the taste of him was addictive.

The Tiresome Twins and their taste for humans made sense now. 

He had nipples, small brown disks on his chest. Could that be right? He was undeniably male, but those looked like nipples. With a vague memory of something she had heard about mammals, she kissed and sucked one, enjoying the texture against her tongue and he groaned. His hands tightened in her hair. "Do that again," he urged. She obliged. 

The more she touched him, the more she wanted to. That cock pressing against her was calling to her. She wanted it. In her hands. Inside her.

"Wait," she gasped, and backed away. He reached for her, but she had moved out of his grasp. He wouldn't fit in her bed and the floor was too hard but perhaps— She ordered the computer to find her old rug, the one she and Sapati used to lie on while they stared at the stars. A moment later, it popped through the hatch. She grabbed it and spread it on the floor.

"Lie down," she said. Her voice didn't sound like her own. She didn't care, she just wanted Luis where she could mate with him. He did, propping himself up on one elbow as he stretched out, and watching her with glittering eyes as she came down beside him. His breathing was almost as fast as hers. His skin glimmered with sweat. She wanted to lick it off.

Why not? She licked across his stomach, where a tickle of moisture gleamed, and he moaned. His muscles contracted and he jerked. She laughed and did it again. He reacted again, and she gave in to her sense of power. She moved down his body and looked at his cock. It was flushed and darker than the rest of his skin, with a purple colored head and a drop of moisture on it. She couldn't resist, and licked at it. 

His whole body jerked, and his hips came up off the rug. "Ah babe, you're killing me." 

She jerked her head up startled, but he looked healthy. She took it in both hands, carefully sliding the soft skin over the hardness underneath, and testing his response to her touch. He writhed, but showed no sign that he wanted her to stop. 

She licked again. Salty and pungent. He howled. She did it again. 

His scent was stronger here, dark and arousing. She didn't want to leave it, when it could produce that response, but there was so much more to explore. She hefted his balls, astonished by the way they just stayed there, outside his body. 

Perhaps that was why humans had to wear so many clothes, to protect them. Then she moved down his legs, a sensual feast for her but it allowed him to get his breath back.

"My turn," he said, and flipped her over onto her back. She flared her wings out as she landed, so they covered most of the rug. It was rude, but he didn't seem to care. Instead, he examined them, tracing his fingers over them and painting them with painless fire. He laughed when she wiggled and gasped. 

Then he kissed her, a deep, marauding kiss that demanded her total attention. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back. She lost herself in his mouth, and moaned in protest when he raised his head, but forgave him when he started to kiss his way down her body. He laced stinging, biting kisses over her skin, murmuring praise of her beauty as he went. When he got to her hips, she opened her legs, but he paused.

He couldn't have changed his mind. Not now. She would go out of her mind if he did. He turned his head and looked at her. "Babe, where are you hiding it?"

Oh! With a gasp, and an embarrassed blush, she opened her lorica and revealed her sex organs. "That more like it," he said, and bent to examine her. She was startled when she felt his mouth close over the entrance to her main vagina. He was licking her. She gripped his hair, about to pull him away, but what he was doing felt so good, she didn't want to stop him. 

Instead, she writhed against him and urged him on. She never wanted this to end. 

He looked up and smiled at her. "Some things different, some the same." His face was alight with triumph. 

She wiggled and flipped him over, whipping her wing out of the way before he landed on it. "Now me." She mounted his hips, gripped his cock, and slowly, carefully, guided it into her. 

She sucked in her breath at the feel of it, but allowed herself to sink down until she was fully impaled. She panted as she fought to control the feeling of so much male inside her. His face was damp with sweat too. 

She leaned forward to lick some of it off, and the cock shifted inside her, making her gasp. She rocked, and all her insides seemed to be moving against it. Shells, why had no-one told her? She wanted to do this forever. She rocked again, and leaned forward to kiss him. 

Luis grabbed her and held her down to his mouth. He tasted faintly of something she recognized as her own juices. She pulled back, embarrassed, but he wouldn't let her go, and deepened the kiss. She rocked backwards and forwards, the feeling of pressure building and building until she wanted to scream. 

His hips rocked with her, faster and faster, a perfect counterpoint to her movements. She didn't know how she could bear it, the sensations built and built until she had to rip her mouth away from his and scream. The pressure built into an impossible force, and she surrendered to it, only the human keeping her anchored to reality. He howled as he followed her into the vortex. 

She lay on top of him, panting and trying to reassemble her scattered wits. She had never felt anything like that before in her life. She pushed herself up to look at him. 

He was not looking back at her. He was out cold.