 A very slow built story about a character's transformation. There are sexy bits and they will be more frequent in planned subsequent chapters, but they are not the main focus. 

Please do not expect any quick thrill out of this story, but make the most of the progressive development of the protagonist(s).

*****

October 9, 2014

My name is Erik, I'm only just 20 years old, I'm studying physics and mathematics in a university in the United-Kingdom for the second year in a row, and I like girls... What else? For one thing, I live in a rented house shared with three other students, two boys and a girl, and I guess I'm rather shy. Yes, that seems just about right... 

Oh, I almost forgot! I also have very stupid parents who think that a diary would be an appropriate gift for their sons' twentieth birthday. How silly is that? And what am I supposed to write in here anyway? Should I describe my non-existent love life? Or should I explain the ins and outs of the Frank-Hertz experiment?

I guess that the real question here is why I'm even bothering to write anything in at all. There isn't much to write about anyway, as I haven't had sex for nearly two years, and haven't had a girlfriend since, well, ever. Nor do I have any hobbies or particularly love my studies. They're OK I guess, but nothing to write home about, let alone in a diary. 

I guess I'm only writing this down because I have little else to do... After all, I hardly ever work, as it seems my grades always seem the same (about a 2:1 on average) whether I try hard or not... But nor do I do anything else. I work out on occasion, but not much as I'm very lazy, and I rarely ever go to societies because I'm... Shy...? Or perhaps I'm just a natural shut-in? I don't really know...

Anyway, it's Thursday evening, and I've got a film I'd like to watch online, so I'll get to it now, and then it'll be time for some shut-eye. Perhaps I'll write some more stuff in my diary tomorrow, or perhaps not. I don't know.

October 10, 2014

Well I'm glad the day is over! Fridays are supposed to be tough, with the usual three lectures in the morning followed by a four hour long laboratory session in physics, but this time it was almost more than I can handle! 

Worst thing was that this week I got paired up with that girl Amanda who goes to the same thermal physics and quantum mechanics lectures as me... God she's hot! I've been trying to attract her attention in lectures since the year started but she never noticed me. And today, she didn't even recognize me as we started the experiment, and was completely oblivious when I offered to buy her a drink at the SU (Students' Union) afterwards. 

As if it weren't enough, it was really hard trying to concentrate myself on setting up a digital oscilloscope whilst ignoring her cleavage. Why did she have to wear such a low cut blouse? I felt all flustered during the session and I'm pretty sure we messed up the experiment.

The only good thing to be said about it all was Henry's reaction when I came back. He is the only one of my housemates who also lived in my flat last year, and we get along very well. He is a bit of a 'lad', but that's how I like it, because as 'laddy' as he may be and as 'wimpy' as I may be, we don't judge each other and really appreciate having some contrast. As usual, he told me that the whole thing was very 'gay', and that he didn't get why I was being so awkward about asking her out. I wasn't surprised. After all he is basically 200 pounds of pure muscle who loves to go out and hit on as many birds as possible, knowing that he would eventually find one who'd sleep with him.

I'm not really like that, as I'm more wiry and geeky, and nowhere as good-looking. I'd also rather have a girlfriend than one-nights stands, and furthermore, I don't think I'd have the confidence to go hitting on girls right, left and center. After all, I can hardly stand the idea of one rejection, let alone 20. However, I still appreciated the banter I got from Henry, and he helped me laugh the whole lab incident off as we watched the television in the sitting room, until I decided to go to bed.

October 11, 2014

Well... Where to start? When I started writing in this diary, I didn't expect to have anything interesting to write down, but after today... To be honest, I don't really know if what happened was real or if I'm just going crazy, but here goes.

I woke up this morning feeling refreshed, but a little glum. I didn't have any thing planned for my day, so I put on my dressing gown and wondered into the kitchen where I saw Henry cooking himself a full English breakfast. 

"You all right mate?" he asked me, and I nodded.

I then made myself a bowl of cereal and went to sit down in the sitting room to eat it (we don't have a dining room in our house). Henry followed soon after and started grunting about the morning run he just had and the trip to the gym he was planning, offering me as usual to come with him whilst cramming sausages into his mouth. 

As usual, I pretended to consider his offer for a second or two before making up an excuse about having to work on some scientific project. I'd finished the project a week ago, but Henry didn't know that, as he studies sports and social sciences, and doesn't really care much for physics or mathematics. 

After Henry left, I decided to go for a walk to stretch my legs. I got out of the house, and started walking down the road towards the center of town, taking my time. During this leisurely stroll, I noticed a rather extraordinary park from the corner of my eye, and started walking towards it. It was a curious little thing, a bit like a well-maintained garden, but which shone as if every leaf had been varnished individually. 

Wondering why I'd never noticed it before, I sat down on the only bench I could find to take in the view. The moment I did so, I observed a well right in front of the bench, which I was sure hadn't been there. There was a small wooden sign next to it, on which was written two words: "wishing well". 

I stared at the well for a while, wondering why I had the feeling that it was more than it seemed, before finally getting up and walking up to it. I looked down into its depths, wondering whether to make a wish. But what sort of wish should I make? Should I wish for money, or for luck, or for Amanda? Why would I even bother? I'm a scientist at heart, and have always found this superstitious nonsense to be too stupid to waste time on. 

I decided I'd let the well give my wish to someone else, and was about to turn around and walk back to the bench when I felt a hand suddenly push me in the small of my back and I felt myself suddenly toppling over the wall of the well and down into its depths.

I suddenly woke up, spluttering and choking on white liquid as it ran up my nose and into my mouth. As I raised my head up in horror, I realized that the liquid was milk. I had fallen asleep on a couch in the sitting room and almost drowned in my own bowl of corn flakes. Feeling slightly embarrassed, I looked around the house, checking everyone was gone, before cleaning up the spilt milk I'd spat out all over the place. God that was awkward, even on my own.

The next thing I needed to do was clean myself up, so I stripped out of my dressing gown and put it in the washing machine (it needed to be cleaned anyway), before taking my towel with me to the shower room. I hung it up, got out of my boxers, and stepped into the shower. As I turned the water on, a jet of cold water hit me and I shrieked unusually shrilly, feeling a strange sensation, as if my body was being pushed into itself, which left me destabilized and I almost fell over. 

The water then started to heat up again, and I felt yet another strange sensation, as if something was pulling on my limbs, expanding my body. As I got up slowly, I checked my body carefully. Everything was in place, and nothing seemed out of the ordinary, so I went on with my shower and washed myself thoroughly.

After I left the shower, hanged up my towel and returned to my room, I looked into my mirror next to my washbasin and observed the growth of stubble along my jaw. I decided I needed to shave, but only after cleaning up my hair. I dipped my comb in a stream of cold water from the tap and started running it carefully through my hair, as I watched myself in the mirror. Suddenly, that condensing feeling came again and I felt myself falling over suddenly and banging my head on the corner of my desk. 

I think I must have blacked out for a while, because when I came to, I found that I was lying on my back with a terrible headache. I reached up and felt the bump on my cranium where my head had made contact with wood, wincing slightly. As I did so, I noticed an unusual thickness of hair between my hand and my skull, and slowly felt my way along it with my hand, only to find long curls of hair covering the floor under my head.

I blinked a few times, wondering whether I was dreaming again, and lifted some strands of hair from the ground up to my face. I noticed that it was rather blond and seemed very long, but more importantly, I noticed my hand. 

My hand was smaller than it should have been, with thin fingers, long manicured fingernails, and a tiny wrist. More than that, the back of my hand was utterly hairless and smoother than I expected, and as I examined my arm, I noticed that it was also smaller, slimmer and hairless. What was going on?

I suddenly heard the usual door slam which meant that Henry was back from the gym. Feeling panicky I tried pushing myself up, but as I did so, I laid my hand on top of the curls covering the floor for support, and felt a strong tug at my hair as I pushed my head away. I yelped in pain whilst trying to scramble to my feet, even as I processed the fact that my voice sounded a lot higher than it should have. 

As I stood up, shaking, I saw someone other than myself in the small mirror atop my washbasin. All I could see was her blond almond shaped face as she stared at me with surprise and horror in her deep blue eyes. I saw her, as if in slow motion, as she opened her mouth and started shrieking at the top of her voice.

I was in shock, staring unbelieving at the female face in the mirror, as I screamed and screamed and screamed. As I ran out of breath, I suddenly heard the sound of Henry pounding at my bedroom door.

"Who's in there? What's going on? Are you there, Erik? Answer or I'll break this door down!"

Shaking, I looked around wildly to cover myself, grabbed my dressing gown off of the bed and put it on. I then walked to the door and slowly opened it a crack, glancing out to see Henry looking both worried and agitated at the same time. I hesitated to answer for a second.

"Who are you? Are you all right?" Asked a startled Henry, "Do you know where Erik is?" he then added quickly.

"Uh..." My mind was whirring as I saw him stare at me, unrecognizing. "I'm... I'm Fine," I said, trying to ignore the high pitch of my voice, "I j-just slipped. D-don't worry. Erik went for a w-walk a little while ago." I could hear my voice trembling and I saw on Henry's unconvinced face that I hadn't done much to reassure him. 

"Well," he answered, after a short pause, "I'll be right next door if you need anything, so don't hesitate to call"

I nodded vigorously as I closed the door on him, quickly adding a "thanks" through the door as I realized he couldn't possibly have seen me nod. I slumped against the door, breathing heavily and feeling scared. I closed my eyes intently, trying to concentrate on my breathing, before finally looking down at my body. What I saw almost made me scream in shock again.

I stared down into the opening of my too-big dressing gown at two breasts, feeling the slow realization that I was female finally sink in. A thought suddenly struck me, and I pulled the huge dressing gown off, letting it flop down to the floor. I quickly realized that the change had done far more than add on a couple of new appendages to my chest.

Indeed, I was a lot thinner and curvier than I had been before, with smaller and frailer shoulders and arms, smaller muscles, and a slim, narrow waist where my abs had been. It was followed immediately by proportionally larger hips, which only just stopped my now oversized boxers from slipping down my slender legs, which seemed to go on forever.

I was stunned for a second by this view, before finally trying to grab my groin through my boxers. There was nothing to grab, no dick, no balls, nothing. As I realized that, I felt myself weakening at the knees, and I only just got to my bed in time before I slumped onto it weakly.

As I sat there, my brain started whirring again and I started imagining what it would be like if I never managed to turn back again... What would happen? Would anyone recognize me? Or would people who saw me as a homeless paperless stranger throw me out of my house, my studies and my family...? 

I tried to think... What had happened when I changed? What starts the process? Cold water? Indeed, the same feeling came over me earlier in the shower when it started of cold, and just now when I combed my hair with cold water... Would hot water reverse the transformation? I seriously doubted such an unscientific deduction, but I was desperate, and something is always better than nothing.

I got up and walked over to the washbasin, where I switched on the hot water tap. After letting it heat up for a few seconds, I leaned in and placed my head under the jet of water. I felt the same stretching sensation as I had in the shower, as my limbs were pulled away from their body and I reeled as waves of dizziness hit me, clutching onto the sink as I kept my head under the stream.

The tap suddenly hit me squarely in the back of the head and I saw stars pop before my eyes as I tried to ignore the pain and stand upright. I felt... Normal. Again. I looked into the mirror to see my face, the same old face as ever, with a little stubble and some pock marks from my old acne. Feeling a lot better, I sat down on my bed to think it over.

I'm still sitting there now, as I write this down. I don't know what to think of what happened, and I'm not sure how long I've been sitting here, although it looks like it might be dark outside. I've been trying to work out whether it'll happen again, although I have a feeling it will. I'm also wondering what the meaning of this all is, and how it can be used. 

I'm afraid, and I don't know what to tell Henry. I need some help, some support, but I don't know if he'll believe me or how he'll react. He came knocking on my door a couple of times since the incident, but I didn't answer... I don't know how to approach the matter with him. I think I'll go to bed tonight, and try to work it all out tomorrow.