 A very slow built story about a character's transformation. There are sexy bits and they will be more frequent in planned subsequent chapters, but they are not the main focus. 

Please do not expect any quick thrill out of this story, but make the most of the progressive development of the protagonist(s).

*****

October 12, 2014

Well... It was definitely another strange, strange day.

I woke up around 8 am this morning, feeling tired, tense and sweaty after a bad night full of weird dreams and nightmares. I got up and tried to wake myself up with a few pushups, which I quickly abandoned in favor of some breakfast. I put my dressing gown on, appreciative of how well it fitted me, and walked to the kitchen to make myself some scrambled eggs.

Just as they finished cooking and I quickly scooped them into my plate (I like them just a little runny, but not too much!), I heard Henry coming in. Feeling a sense of dread in the pit of my stomach, I turned around uncertainly, trying desperately to think up any excuse to explain what had happened the day before, only to be stopped short by the beaming expression on Henry's face.

I gaped at him as he grinned at me.

"Well here's the champion!" He boomed happily.

"What... What do you mean?"

"Oh come on, mate," he told me, "Why the sudden shyness? You should be proud to have brought a girl like that over. And in the middle of the day, no less! Jesus, man, I don't know how you pulled that one off!"

I felt astounded as I tried to answer, my jaw working uselessly in my stunned silence.

"What the fuck is wrong, mate?" He then asked me, "Why the face? I've spent years trying to find a bird that looks like that and get her over, and you've actually managed to do so! I may not have had a good look at her, and she may have perhaps been a little weird, but still, a triumph like that deserves a celebration."

Finally unlocking the power of speech, I hesitantly answered.

"Mate, you don't really get it... It wasn't like that."

"What do you mean? Didn't you get her number for another time?"

"No, well... I... Uh..." I could see that Henry was starting to get frustrated at me, so I finally blurted out: "Iwasthebirdallright?"

"What did you say, mate?"

"I was the bird, all right?" I repeated slowly, feeling my face going red.

"What do you mean? Are you saying you were some fucking gay cross dresser or something?"

"No!" I answered, feeling my humiliation increase painfully, "Let me show you."

Sensing myself blushing crimson, I went to fetch a clean mug and half filled it with cold water. Feeling silly, I splashed it onto my head and felt the world around me blur as my limbs shrank. As everything came back into focus, I realized that Henry had grabbed me by the shoulders to stop me from falling over, and was now staring at me looking highly confused.

My dressing gown, now far too big for my small frame, started to slip down my shoulders and, embarrassed, I tore away from Henry's grasp just in time to grab hold of my gown and hold it closed over my naked breasts.

"What the..." I looked up to see Henry, still staring at me, and still in shock. "Are you... Are you really still Erik? How did you do that?"

"No idea," I answered, truthfully, "It just started yesterday... It seems that now every time I get splashed with cold water, I become a girl, and hot water turns me back."

"Well, I don't think the cold water necessarily made much of a difference..."

"Fuck off!" I said, hearing how silly it sounded in my high, female voice.

"Hey! Just kidding you know! Not everyday that I find out my housemate can become female..."

"Well, now you know, I'd rather go back to being male."

"What, seriously? Aren't you at least little curious as to how you changed?"

I hesitated, unsure what to answer. Of course I was curious, but it was also very embarrassing for me to be a girl, especially in front of Henry to whom I'd always tried to be as manly as possible. The last thing I wanted was for him to misunderstand my curiosity as a secret desire to become female and be branded as 'gay'. After all, I was and have always been heterosexual for as far as I can remember, and had never expressed any desire to sleep with other men.

"Are you really a girl? As in with the package and all?" Henry asked, visibly losing patience.

"Y-yes," I answered feebly with my weak little voice, feeling more and more humiliated, "or at least as far as I know..."

"And does it all work? Can I see them?"

"Fuck off!" I said again, knowing full well that had I been in Henry's shoes, I'd have been wondering the exact same things. But why didn't those thoughts seem as interesting now? As a guy, I wouldn't tend to be such a prude...

"Well then, there has to been something we can do!"

"I don't know," I answered, "We could try to determine at which temperature water turns me back into a guy again. I'm guessing it would be something close to body temperature, say about thirty-seven deg..."

"For fuck sake!" he interrupted, "Here you are capable of turning into a chick at your hearts' content, and all you care about is measuring the temperature of water???"

"What do you suggest then?"

"I don't know... Here, let me have a look at you."

He started examining me as I stood there, clutching at my dressing gown and feeling very awkward. I flinched when he brushed my long hair away from my face, but he paid no heed, and made me do a little twirl for him, making my hair flow around as I noticed that it went all the way down to the middle of my back.

"Well, I wasn't wrong, mate. You do certainly have the looks now... And you're nearly unrecognizable... If you hadn't shown me, I doubt I'd ever have believed you. Anyway, what should I call you? Erika?"

"Please don't! I'm still Erik, and if nothing else, Erika is a horrible girl name..." I answered, feeling myself blush despite myself at Henry's compliment.

"And what do we call you then? You'll need a girls' name when you're going out like this."

"And why would I go out like this?"

"I don't know... I guess because you're hot? Either way, you'll need a female name. How about Elise, then?"

"I... Well I... Oh OK, let it be Elise then." I conceded, feeling myself getting redder and hotter with every second of this humiliation.

"Good! Now, Elise, do you want to go shopping? I know how you girls love shopping for clothes."

"What? Why would I do that? I'd rather go back to being a guy, thank you."

"And how about when it rains, my sweet little cutie? How will you go anywhere in oversized men's' clothes?

"Don't make fun of me!" I yelled.

However, I still had to accept that he was right: How would I ever get to my lectures as a guy on rainy days? If it only takes a light splash to turn me into a girl, it would be utterly unfeasible. This made me realize that my ability cannot just be considered as a simple curiosity, but as an actual part of my life, particularly on rainy days.

I eventually went back to my room and, after locking my door to stop Henry from entering, went rummaging for clothes that I could put on instead of my dressing gown, and quickly sorted through all my boxers and trousers only to find that they were all far too big. I eventually opted for my smallest pair of tracksuit pants, which I tied tightly around my waist to keep both them and the boxers underneath up. 

Next to come on was a plain white t-shirt that was only just loose enough not to squeeze my chest. It was, however, obvious that I wasn't wearing a bra, and I was worried people might see my nipples through it, so I wore my small summer jacket on top. 

I didn't need a mirror to know that my outfit wasn't pretty, but it seemed the most appropriate, so I put on a few pairs of socks so as to fit better in my oversized tennis shoes, which I then laced up tightly. Feeling slightly ridiculous, I unlocked my room door and walked out.

Henry was pacing back and forth as I came out, and looked around at me as I came out. His gaze went up and down my body; scanning me and making me feel very self-conscious. Finally, he said:

"Well, took you long enough. I see that you've gone back to being a guy then?"

Unwilling to let that one go, I ran at him and swatted at him, only to have him catch my wrist in mid-air. Next thing I knew, I was on my back gasping for breath, and he was pinning me down by my shoulders, his knee lying across my waist. 

Wow, I was used to having him beat me in a tussle, but never quite this easily. I looked up at him as he held my slender body down with the power of his bulging muscles, and realized just how helpless I was. He suddenly jumped off of me, regret etched on his face, as he made the same realization that I just had.

"I'm really sorry! I didn't mean to hurt you... Are you all right?" He asked, offering me his hand to help me up.

"Don't worry about it," I reassured him, taking his hand and trying to act as if nothing had happened as he hauled me to my feet, "It was my fault for jumping at you in the first place. It's ok,"

"No it isn't," he insisted, "If you were a guy, I wouldn't have given a damn, but now... I don't want to hurt you."

"Hey come on, I'm still a guy you know. I may not look like one but I am!" 

I knew however that I was failing utterly at conveying any form of manliness.

"Well I'm sorry, Elise, but whilst you're like this, you are a girl to me."

"I'm not a girl!"

"Well then you're making a damn good expression of one."

"I... I..." I stuttered to a stop as I realized that he was right, perhaps even more than he knew. Indeed, perhaps becoming a girl wasn't just a physical thing... Was I becoming one on a psychological level as well? Would I start fancying men if I staid like this long enough? I decided I didn't want to think about it.

"Let's go," I said, and walked to the front door, opening it and walking out. Slightly startled, Henry followed.

As we ambled silently down the road, looking for the closest clothes shop, I felt myself becoming more and more self-conscious. I had that horrible feeling that somehow, someone would recognize me on the street, and spread the word about what I'd become... What would people think? I just couldn't bear the idea.

However, as we made our way towards where I hoped would be a cheap clothes shop, another discomforting feeling started clawing away at me. Indeed, I had known when I chose my outfit that it wasn't exactly the smartest of outfits, but I hadn't quite realized how much it would make me stand out. Indeed, I couldn't help but imagine how weird I must appear, wearing great baggy trackies and oversized tennis shoes.

I kept sensing, or perhaps just imagining, the stares of passes-by as they turned to look at my badly clothed figure from across the road. The idea bothered me a lot somehow, and I felt very vulnerable in this frail body, especially due to the memory of my recent tussle with Henry continuously coming back to mind. It made me realize just how glad I was that Henry had come with me, as I felt that this first trip into the outside world in the form of Elise would otherwise have been unbearable.

After nearly an hour of walking around in circles, periodically getting lost in our search for wherever we hoped would be a clothes shop, we found one. It was a cheap little place, specializing in women's clothing, and Henry and I stood hesitantly before it, staring uncomfortably at the dresses that were showcased. I turned to Henry and knew immediately that he was just as worried as me at the idea of entering a shop for women.

"Well... I'll wait for you outside shall I?" He asked.

"Are you joking? I'd never dare go in on my own! Besides, how will I know what to buy?"

"I don't know any more about female clothing than you do. Besides, I can't go in there, it's for women," He stated stubbornly.

"Well guess what, mate, I'm no more comfortable than you are about entering that place, but needs must. And I need your help here!"

"Sorry, but I'm still not entering," He said.

"Oh come on! Please!"

It took me a good couple of minutes of pleading and coaxing before he grudgingly accepted to come with me, so we entered together, both feeling very awkward. Luckily, the woman at the counter didn't seem to be paying much attention, so we quickly walked past her and into the depths of the otherwise deserted shop.

For the next few minutes, I wondered around helplessly, looking at all the different blouses, skirts, dresses, leggings, jeans, t-shirts and underwear that were on sale, feeling the gaze of an unmoving and worried Henry. Understanding his discomfort, but feeling that this really needed to be done, I picked up a blue dress almost at random, and tried to imagine myself wearing it.

I'm not quite sure exactly what happened next, other than that it felt like I had been imbued by a sudden rush of energy, and I quickly found myself sorting through jeans and skirts, tops and dresses, as if I suddenly knew what I was doing. I'd sort through every single article at high speed, stopping every now and then on one which appealed to me, before either discarding it or looking for one which seemed to be closer to my size, all the while commenting about it's colour, or it's shape, or it's texture... 

I tried to work my way methodically through various categories of clothing, and got them all quickly sorted, including, to my surprise, the underwear, which I chose in a variety of colors and patterns, and even in slightly varying sizes as I was very unsure what my actual size was.

About forty minutes later, I had built up a pile of clothing of all sorts and varying sizes, and realized that I had chosen far more clothing than I had expected, and that I probably couldn't afford. I then tried reducing the pile back to a realistic amount, slowly taking out clothes, which I felt were unnecessary. This was a very painstaking process, and I soon felt bad about making Henry wait for it all.

Once I had finally separated the clothes that I absolutely needed from those that I only wanted, I walked over to the cashier with my pile, followed by a seemingly crimson Henry. As I paid for my purchases, noting that I was making myself considerably poorer in the process, I realized that my shopping frenzy had all but eradicated my original discomfort, and that I now felt a sort of buzz from having accomplished so much.

As we made our way home, I looked at Henry, who had been nearly utterly silent for over an hour now, and felt a sudden pang of guilt at the sight of his ashen, humiliated expression.

"You know, Henry," I told him, "I really appreciate you coming along with me on this trip. I really doubt I'd have been able to do it without your support!"

After a long pause, "It's... It's not a problem, mate, but you know... I really have never before seen you act like you did in that shop. I mean, don't take this personally, but don't you think this Elise thing might be affecting you more than just physically?"

I looked at him intently, mulling his words over in my mind. Strangely, they didn't seem to affect me that much. Perhaps he was right... I knew I had definitely become different as Elise, and yet somehow it didn't bother me as much. But did I really not mind being a girl? After all, I had spent most of my life trying everything to avoid giving anyone the impression that I might be effeminate, but now that I was an actual female, the whole thing seemed rather redundant.

"I don't know, Henry," I answered, "I guess you're right. I find it hard to tell whether it is actually affecting me that much... I mean, I would never have normally wanted to be a girl or anything like one, you know that right?"

He nodded, and we went on walking back home together. We went on chatting all the way back though, albeit in a more lighthearted manner, and I couldn't help but notice that he was now working a lot harder to entertain me, often making witty comments and jokes. I didn't mind it, and I laughed and laughed, letting the sweet sound of my own clear voice wash over me like a crystalline liquid.

When we arrived home, Henry went to sit down on a couch in the sitting room whilst I went to unpack my many bags of clothes. It took me a while, and then I spent even longer trying to match up my new clothes into a nice summer outfit, which I donned instead of my trackies and t-shirt. 

The outfit was simple enough, made up of a pair of plain white panties and matching bra over which I wore a nice light blue summer dress. I then added put on a pair of fluffy pink slippers for around the house, and went back to the sitting room.

Henry was watching the footie, but when he saw me come in, he turned around quickly, startled at my appearance.

"What do you think?" I asked.

"Wow, you're stunning!"

"Thanks," I said, blushing, "But am I believable as a girl? Will people recognize me?"

"Definitely not!" He answered, "Many a girl would like to look like you, but no one would ever guess you were Erik."

Feeling slightly reassured I sat down next to Henry, taking of my slippers and curling my legs up beneath me. It was funny how, whilst I usually just liked slouching and spreading out on the sofa, as Elise, I preferred curling up like a kitten in a corner of the settee. After an hour or so, Henry glanced at me.

"You know," He said, "It's really weird to see my mate as a girl..."

I didn't really know what to say to that, so I just nodded awkwardly. I understood what he meant, but he had no idea how much weirder it was to actually be a girl. There was another slightly shorter pause.

"Aren't you going to turn back into a guy?" He asked.

"I... I..." I stuttered feebly, feeling stomped as I felt my face redden yet again, "I don't know... I didn't really think about it. Do you think I should?"

"Depends..." he said, "Fancy a shag?"

"Oh, shut up, you idiot!" I answered, feeling embarrassed.

"Well then," Henry concluded, "You'll probably want to turn back then. Not unless you want the others to see you like this."

Darn it! I had forgotten about my two other housemates! They could walk in at any moment, for all I knew, and the last thing I needed was to have to explain to them what had happened to me. The only idea that sounded even less appealing was that of having to pretend to be Henry's girlfriend or something just so as to keep the secret.

Nearly retching at the idea, I got up quickly and nearly ran to my room. There, I locked the door and stripped, before splashing my face with some water from the hot tap of my washbasin. Once I'd become a guy again, I got dressed and went back to sit in front of the television like I usually did. 

"Well hey there," said Henry cheerfully, "You're back!"

"Yea... Well." I answered, feeling slightly awkward.

I'd just spent the last few hours with Henry as Elise, and the worst of it was that I knew that I hadn't only looked like a girl. I had thought and acted like one. The very thought of that humiliation made me seethe, knowing full well that it was nobody's fault but my own. Obviously sensing my thoughts, Henry turned to me with a cheeky grin.

"So... Are you planning to go shopping again soon, Elise? Perhaps a little manicure?"

"Shut up!" I hissed at him through my teeth. "I can't help it if I become like that, so please don't rub it in..."

"Awww... I think I preferred you as Elise, Erik." Teased henry.

"Let's make things clear," I told him, "Elise and I may have the same memories and experiences, but we don't have the same body, and we are most certainly not the same person, all right? I'm still a guy and there is nothing you can about that."

"Well ok," conceded Henry, "But following that logic, I should be free to try shagging Elise, as she isn't you, right?"

I felt myself go red in the face at that point, and felt too embarrassed to answer. This really made me understand how much easier it could sometimes be to talk about certain things as Elise than it would be as Erik. Perhaps I just find it too hard, as a guy, to accept just how much of my masculinity is being stripped away by my experiences.
