 This is a work of my own creation and, being so, is a parody of many races of fantasy that have been created over the past century. Any similarity of characters with real world is either coincidence or intended with implied differences (Example: If I wanted to write a story on say Jasmine of Disney because she's hot, the character will be similar in appearance but different physically in ways as well as psychologically). Under no circumstances should anyone under 18, or 21 (under local government law), or any non-Adult read this! This work contains graphic violence and acts of pornography. Regardless of description (or me simply forgetting to state it in the story), none of the characters in my stories are intended to be under eighteen years of age. 

With that disclaimer aside, sit back and enjoy the stories filled with sex and (gasp!) plot. 

Feel free to send feedback to me.

*****

Crimson Fury

The light was filled with pain. It was beyond anything she had ever experienced in her existence. Afraid of the growing light coming with more agony, she fled further into the darkness. She dove deeper into the abyssal depths before sighing with relief as the pain disappeared. Yet she continued further into the darkness out of fear that the light would find her once again to bring back the unbearable pain.

Emerald green eyes opened to look in the mirror. She looked at beautiful young blonde staring back to her with those same eyes. Soft, almond bronzed skin encompassed by red leather corset pushing up breasts that would become much larger with time. The right corner of her mouth turned upward into a confident and sensual smile. Her tongue ran along the length of those supple lips as she felt her hunger for the night beginning to rise once more.

"Keep making love to yourself in the mirror like that and I am likely to get jealous," a male voice spoke behind her with a chuckle. Kendra's gaze shifted to look at the young man lying comfortable on the bed. He was a good looking fellow of decent height with his blonde hair and bright blue eyes. He gave her wink before sitting up to begin putting on his usual plain sailor clothing. They had both finished another nightly romp in the bed to satisfy her youthful cravings. She had seduced men of greater monetary stature or physical appearance than him. Yet this one was different. She discovered that he was a rarity worth keeping alive.

"A delectable idea if it were possible to sexually ravage another me. I am also sure you would enjoy watching," she hummed teasingly to his as she began fixing her hair. "Or join in for that matter, Adrian." He only smiled in return to her. She sighed in contentment as she thought about how she was ready to kill him when they first met as another victim to satiate her hunger. Expecting to be fawned over like a possession to be put on a pedestal or a sexual relief for men and nothing more, she was surprised by him when she made her move.

"I am lucky enough to be with just one of you," Adrian said as he sat up, his eyes roaming over her body clad in a blood red dress hugging her every curve. "I often ask myself that same question about being with a succubus and still live."

"Because you are different," she replied as she turned around to face him with a knowing smile. "You treated me with so much kindness and respect. No man has ever behaved like you have in my presence. The fact that you are incredible with that tongue of yours is an added bonus." Of course, she had intended to kill him still. Yet he was a curiosity to her and she found herself delaying his inevitable end. Yet Kendra found herself growing fond of him as the weeks turned into months. Instead of moving on to other towns, she surprised herself by staying longer in this Shoushan port to wait for his merchant ship to come back.

"Here," Adrian spoke after finishing tying his boots. Drawn out of her thoughts, Kendra's gaze drifted to the wrapped box he pulled out from underneath the bed. "I bought this for you on my way from the docks."

"Adrian," she gasped and shook her head. "You did not have to! When did you bring this in anyway?"

"I'm not surprised you didn't notice it with the way your legs and lips were all over me the moment I came through the door," the sailor laughed before placing it in her hands. "Go on and open it." Kendra sighed in resignation as she looked down to the medium sized box. Humans were such odd creatures to feel the need to give trinkets to one another. A gift to an immortal demon would only be lost with time. There was no merit in her desiring one. Seeing the eager expression on his face, she resigned herself to get it over with. The succubus was forced to admit a part of her was pleasantly surprised. Hesitating as to what to do since she had never been given a gift before, the succubus tore the wrapping off along with the top half of the box.

"A whip?" she looked up to him with an arched brow, pulling out the long brown cord. It was finely crafted and held an impressive weight to her. A slow smirk grew on those lips. "Adrian. I did not figure you were that type. I would have purchased straps to tie you down with as well if I had known." The sailor blinked for a moment before her words finally made sense to him. Adrian blanched and waved his hands frantically to stave off the approaching succubus with her leering gaze.

"No! No! Anything but that!" He stammered out quickly. "I got that for you and the girls you work with. I happened to come across this shop that had them and remembered you expressing your desire to make the shows more wildly entertaining for the audience."

Kendra stopped stalking him around the room as she remembered, This seedy little port had its own red district where she worked at an erotic show for men to come watch and enjoy. Sometimes the women would perform sensual dances for them while slowly removing their clothing. Other parts of the show included the performers having sex on stage. She had licked many of her friends to a screaming orgasm as the audience cheered. One Shoushan woman and friend in particular named Talia loved to play submissively to Kendra on the stage. The succubus had to admit there was a sexual charge running through her body as Talia moaned and referred to Kendra as her mistress. This gift would be an excellent prop for their domination routine.

"Adrian... I..." Kendra stopped to collect herself. Why was she feeling these emotions rise up within her? Why would her eyes tear up over such a ridiculous gift? She knew the answer. It was a gift from Adrian. Nothing more mattered than that. "Thank you. I will cherish it always."

Kendra wiped her eyes and stepped forward to press her lips against his lovingly. He embraced her and returned her affection. The demoness knew she would not return to her world for some time now. The succubus no longer hungered for his life. She had come to think of him fondly and would remain in this world as long as he lived.

"I need to return to the ship," he whispered after breaking their kiss. She moaned in frustration as she could feel the heat rising in his body. He was moments away from tossing her on the bed and making her howl in bliss for the second time that night.

"Why? Stay for just a little longer," she purred as she nibbled on his lip. Kendra nearly stomped her foot as he pulled away.

"I have night watch on the ship this evening," he said with regret in his voice. "I will be late if I do not leave here soon. Have fun with your gift tonight. You can tell me how it went tomorrow morning."

Kendra watched him go with longing in her body. She doubted any man would ever make her feel like Adrian did physically and emotionally. After coming to the realm, she had quickly grown tired of this world with its people easily turning on each other. She had come to expect the worst in everyone she met, just as her mother had forewarned. Adrian had changed that worldview for her. Even when she had expressed her disapproval of this world, he expressed his own positive view. He understood that the world was far from perfect, but he loved it nonetheless. Adrian made it a point to tell her of the sights he would see around the world and the good people he met.

Kendra found herself staring at the whip as she thought of his constant optimism. This gift to her was a symbol of the potential for those in this world to care for one another. To accomplish so much together in making the world better than it was. It influenced her to look at the world in a different perspective than hers. She opened up her mind and began to see to beautiful side of the world. Her friendship with Talia would not have occurred without her new attitude. It was all because of him.

"Damn it to the Abyss," she whispered as she realized it was getting late. Kendra swiftly finished her hair before grabbing the whip and stepped outside the door. She could hear a thunder roll in the distance that encouraged her hurry before it began to rain. The last thing she needed was to show up with her hair a mess.

It only took her a few minutes of slipping through the alleyways of the port to where she performed. The men of the port did not bother her as many had witnessed her performances. They often protected her from anyone wishing to do harm. Her change in perspective allowed her to see this. Even though she did not require their protection, she was grateful for it still.

Gasping as she felt the first few cold droplets hit her before she slipped inside the back door, Kendra stepped into the bustle of the women's area as they prepared themselves for the night's show. She hesitated before moving into the throng. Something was different in the air of the room. The girls looked less happy. Their bodies' movements were tense when they should be relaxed. Talia waved her over quickly to the dressing room.

"Thank Stavros you got here safely," the Shoushan beauty said with great relief as she ran her hand through her short blue hair.

"Talia? What is with you and everyone here?" Kendra asked with trepidation. 

"There has been another murder at the docks. They found the body this morning. It was one of our door guards, Locke," Talia whispered, the fear evident in those soft brown eyes. "All the girls are frightened that this killer will look to one of us next."

Kendra's eyes closed as she leaned back against the wall. There had been a series of murders over the past few weeks that had shaken the people of the city. She had killed in this port before meeting Adrian but spaced the timing out to avoid arousing suspicion. They would appear as a normal murder every now and then, as to be expected.

Yet the killings over the past couple of weeks troubled her as much of the people here. One murder every night with the gruesome mutilated bodies found floating in the waters around the docks. Every attempt by the authorities to find and capture this killer was unsuccessful. Kendra began to worry these events could make others suspect her since she was known to not be a native of this area.

Her hands tightened on the whip as she listened to the frightened whispers of the other girls about their fear for their male customers and lovers. Kendra's breath froze in her lungs. Her eyes widened as she began to tremble as the panic welled up inside her. She had not told him! Adrian had said tonight he was on the first watch for his ship.

"Kendra? What's wrong?" Talia called after her as she rushed out the door into the pouring rain. Her wings tore through the back of the dress as she propelled herself high into the air above the city. The wings beat rapidly to keep her airborne in the rain as lightning arced across the sky. Kendra cursed herself for losing to her passions upon first seeing him. She should have warned him.

Her flight only took moments to reach the docks where some of the ships were moored. Kendra spotted the ship Adrian worked on as part of the crew. Her wings tucked into a sharp dive before fanning out to halt her rapid descent as she landed on the beach. She could not see him on the deck as her eyes frantically searched about. 

"Adrian? It's Kendra! Adrian, please answer me," she called out in the darkness. It was hard to see between the flashes of lightning. She may have overlooked him. "I have to warn you about a murderer here in the port!"

"You should have warned him alright," a voice called out, but not from the ship. The feminine voice came from the water. She looked toward the source as a bright flash of lightning illuminated the world around them. The demoness saw in that illumination a beautiful woman holding a helpless Adrian by his neck with her hands as they both faced her. They were out in knee depth water as the waves splashed against their bodies. What terrified her was the look she saw in that woman's eyes. Madness.

"Who are you?" She cried out in both anger and fear.

"Sonora Keeya," the woman spoke as her grip tightened to silence Adrian as he tried to speak to Kendra. "I am the siren of these shores. It is nice to finally meet the whore taking my prey from me."

"Your prey?" Kendra tried to grasp what Sonora was getting at before her heart sank with the realization. Sirens were similar to succubae in their hunger for men. She had unwittingly stepped into what this siren viewed as her territory. The demoness now comprehended the seriousness of her transgression.

"I knew eventually I would draw you out if I killed enough men. You're a thief I will take great pleasure in tearing apart," Sonora spoke above the occasional rumble of thunder.

"Please... let him go," Kendra cried out, panic causing her voice to shake. She took a step forward but stopped as pained gasp escaped from Adrian.

"Oh? The young succubus has a favorite? Fortune smiles upon me this evening," Sonora laughed musically. Her smile turned into an insane sneer. "All the better to make you suffer then."

"Why are you doing this? I am no threat to you, Sonora. You can surely lure many men at sea where I am unable to go," Kendra said quickly, desperately trying to reason with the woman.

"Why?... Why?," the siren's voice shook with growing fury. The beautiful face of the woman turned hideous with hatred as the lightning flashed to match her furor. "You have no idea the shame I endured. Revealing myself to men at sea, singing to them, doing my utmost to lure them into my grasp. Admire me they did, but succumb they did not. I learned with time by following these crews that there was a woman whose beauty they all longed to see in this port. How they spoke longingly of her blonde hair and tanned skin being more exotic, body more voluptuous, and eyes so captivating. I cannot believe they thought my beauty inferior to a little strumpet of a demon. You damn bitch!"

Those last words were screamed with such hatred that Kendra shook with terror. She did not know what to do with Adrian in Sonora's grasp. Could she act quickly enough? She didn't think she could as she fought back the tears. Adrian looked into her eyes and managed a small smile for her. As if sensing her thoughts, the siren simply smirked.

"Sonora Keeya. Burn that name into your mind for all eternity along with this," the woman laughed insanely. Pain filled those blue eyes of her human lover. Kendra screamed as she watched Sonora's sharp nails sink into his neck before she abruptly ripped head from body. Adrian's body tumbled bloodily into the surf. 

The succubus couldn't feel anything as she looked on with horror. Her body had become numb with shock. Sonora spit in her direction before tossing the head to land in the sand at her feet with a wet, sickening thud. Mocking laughter filled her ears before disappearing with the siren into the sea after another brilliant flash.

Kendra could only back away a few feet. Her eyes could not look away from what she did not want to see. New emotions ripped through her very being as she sank to her knees. Why did she feel this way? She had killed hundreds of men since entering this realm. Why should the death of one more cause this? Never had she experienced this burning pain within her chest. Memories could not be recalled of ever feeling her lungs frozen rendering her unable to draw breath. Her body hunched over as the pain spread throughout her body.

A foreign pain outside her internal agony brought her gaze to her lap. Through blurry vision she saw white-knuckled fists clenching the whip. His gift to her. She now knew why. She had broken the one rule a succubus should always abide by and prevent from occurring. The very thing her mother warned her not do before leaving for this realm. It was amazing how she had not realized it happening and influencing her actions all this time. Kendra had more than thought fondly of him. She had truly loved Adrian. Frozen breath finally found voice as the pained scream silenced the thunder around the port. The demoness could not stop the wails of grief that shook her chest as they escaped her. Rain mixed with tears running down her face as she screamed at the sky until she became hoarse.

Her sobs eased as time passed, though she could not comprehend how long she had knelt on the beach in the darkness and rain. She burned the siren's image and name into her mind as the siren had wished. Kendra's grief gradually changed into a new burning within her chest. 

Kendra's mind ignited with hatred and murderous intent. The sand around her began to melt and glow. Rain droplets turned to steam when they fell upon her skin. Her breath now escaped in a low hiss between to two fangs that had elongated. Those soft lips trembled as anger exploded into her mind. She would stay in this world. The succubus will eventually find her prey. Her mind played out the delectable tortures she would render with such bloodlust that all the hellspawn of the Abyss itself would be astonished.

Unable to contain her rage within her any longer, the demoness shattered the skies above with her scream. The black and red flames erupted from her body into an explosion that obliterated the existence of everything within her proximity. The rainclouds races away in all directions from the shockwave to allow moon and stars to gaze down at her grief and fury with pity.

The succubus slumped forward as the unleashed power left her breathless. Her body trembled as she slowly recovered. What had just happened to her? Looking up as she tried to gather her wits about her, Kendra froze in disbelief. Her green eyes could not comprehend at first the distance which the crater spread out from her at the epicenter. Small bits of ash rained all around her and upon her body. She could see at least a couple thousand yards in all directions. Water from the sea began to crash over the lip to claim the deep hole in the earth she had created.

"No," she whispered tearfully with the realization. Her body trembled with horror as she looked behind her to see only a tree line burning in the distance before a pained cry escaped from her. What had she done? She had destroyed the whole port! Talia and everyone else were dead. Their blood was on her hands because she had lost control of her power. Her 'gift' as her mother would call it.

Tears streamed down Kendra's face once again as she could only cry in grief and self-hatred. So lost in her emotional turmoil, the succubus was not aware of the other presence until a harsh slap stunned her out of her stupor.

"Kendra! For the love of the Abyss, wake up! We have to go now," a familiar voice yelled through her confusion. "Sister!"

"Morgana?" Kendra gasped with final recognition of her older sister's voice. Her dazed vision focused upon the familiar features of her sibling. Morgana shared the same color of skin, but that is one of the few traits they shared. Her sister's long hair was not a pale blonde but a curly raven black. One of many traits she inherited from their father, including his angular features and tall height. Her outfit was similar to Kendra's, but her older sister always preferred white leather to black. "How did you find me?"
