 This is a work of my own creation and, being so, is a parody of many races of fantasy that have been created over the past century. Any similarity of characters with real world is either coincidence or intended with implied differences (Example: If I wanted to write a story on say Jasmine of Disney because she's hot, the character will be similar in appearance but different physically in ways as well as psychologically). Under no circumstances should anyone under 18, or 21 (under local government law), or any non-Adult read this! This work contains graphic violence and acts of pornography. Regardless of description (or me simply forgetting to state it in the story), none of the characters in my stories are intended to be under eighteen years of age. 

With that disclaimer aside, sit back and enjoy the stories filled with sex and (gasp!) plot. 

Feel free to send feedback to me.

 *****



Chapter 14 – Mistress of Chaos

Stone blocks exploded outward into the hall, the thunderous sound of the shattered barrier's pieces crashing to the floor in a cacophony of noise. Through the falling debris flew a lone figure, crashing with sickening thud against the wall on the other side of the hallway. The stone along its expanse cracked with the impact yet managed to maintain its structural integrity.

Blood erupted from Lexiss's mouth, feeling every bone and organ in her body seemingly crushed in that moment. Her wide eyes looked on in horror as her bloody form slid down the wall. Through the dust and falling debris, a figure out of her nightmares looked on with silhouette half turned from the punch that had sent her flying. Those glowing green eyes made her want to scream and beg for mercy despite the fact that she couldn't with her shattered jaw.

"You," Kendra's voiced hissed with trembling fury, causing tears to flood from terrified shadow mistress's eyes. The naked succubus began to walk towards the woman, the shadow demon spitting up blood, before Blaze jumped in front of her. His arms wrapped about her in an effort to stop the enraged demoness.

"Kendra, stop this!" He yelled as his feet slid backward. The simple act of her walking in this state felt like trying to stop a moving mountain. He looked back at the stunned drow sisters "Save her! We still need her!" Both Rae and Rizarra snapped out of it to rush to the side of the dying avatar. He saw both make physical contact to flood her with healing magic.

It had happened so quickly. When he had finally recovered consciousness, Rizarra and Lexiss had entered to inform them that the dungeon halls were still clear with no sign of their presence being discovered. Rae finished freeing Kendra from her bonds as he looked about to see the decapitated body of Merodach lying on the floor. The drowess made quick work of picking the lock to the collar about the demon's neck before tossing the thing away in disgust. He watched it clatter across the floor noisily, happy to see such a horrible thing removed from her. How could Mero be so cruel to treat her like a slave? Wasn't she the daughter of his queen? Blaze's mind was still a haze after having seen Kendra bloodied from Mero's cruel beating. Mouth opening to ask what had happened; his words were cut off as Kendra asked first. 

"Who are they?" She asked, mistrust in her tone as she rose to her feet while observing to two strangers in such close proximity of this gathering. Blaze shook his head as he should have realized sooner that Kendra would not know them and be suspicious of their presence.

"Oh, them? This is Rae's sister, Rizarra. We are in her drow city. The other is the one who helped us find her as well as you. She is Lexiss Makora," Blaze answered. Those last words had barely left his lips when the blurred movement startled everyone. The reaction from the succubus had been instantaneous as she lashed out with lightning speed combined with demonic strength. Lexiss was sailing through the air before any of them were aware of what transpired.

Blaze cursed himself as he threw himself back into Kendra, trying to slow her down. Why hadn't he foreseen this reaction? He had been so caught up in rescuing her that he had not remembered Kendra's hatred. The succubus had made it no secret that she harbored an intense hatred for Lexiss after what she had done to the man she had loved. He doubted Kendra would ever forget her name so long as she existed.

"I'll rip her limb from limb," Kendra hissed by his ears. The fury in her tone sent a terrifying chill down his spine.

"Kendra!" He shouted, moving his face to look into hers to break her gaze from Lexiss. "Stop this! I know you hate her for what she did, but she helped us save you. If not for her, we likely would never have found you as quickly as we did."

Kendra blinked as she shook her head, not wanting to hear it. She remembered those long hours of hearing him scream in agony. All those tears of grief she had shed were caused by this woman. She had not only disemboweled the him, but placed a curse on him to destroy his soul. There was no forgiving such a despicable act. Her feet stopped as the glow faded from her eyes.

"I can't," She whispered, "I can't forgive her for nearly taking you from me forever."

"I understand, believe me. You do not have to forgive her. But do not kill her, please. She knows of Koas planning to renew the war with another wave of her forces," Blaze pleaded, hoping to reason with her with this revelation. "She has proven her worth in words in forsaking her goddess by saving my life as well as Rae's today."

"She saved you," Kendra looked to him with surprise, as if unsure to laugh at the very idea that the same woman who had nearly killed him could be capable of such a reversal. When Blaze nodded, she looked around him to the dazed shadow mistress, slumped against the wall as she recovered. Rae glanced back from where she knelt and nodded in affirmation of his words being true. Looking back to Blaze, she merely nodded in acquiescence. "I'll allow her to live then, but I will never forgive her no matter what good she does from here on."

Blaze's shoulders slumped as the wave of relief came over him. When he looked back up, his breath left him as he looked into those emerald green eyes. Once again, he was reminded of her unworldly beauty. It was ages ago but only felt like recently that he had been the naïve adventurer coming upon the domineering demon. At first their relationship had been one of tense suspicion of each other before becoming one of a pleasant partnership. Those feelings had quickly evolved into the intense love he held for her. The same loved he saw reflected in her eyes. One corner of her pale lips turned upward in a knowing smile. By Stavros, he had missed her.

Hands firmly gripping her, her pulled her naked body against his swiftly as his lips captured hers. Those soft, luscious tiers eagerly accepted his loving embrace as her wings wrapped about him. Kendra's hands roamed up his neck to entangle her fingers in his hair while their tongues danced with each other. She moaned softly into his mouth, her body pressing into his as he stole her breath away with the ferocious passion of his lips. For long minutes, the lovers simply held each other and kissed, drinking in each other's presence that had long been missed. Even if only for a number of days, it might as well have been an eternity for both.

A clearing of a throat brought them out of their euphoric embrace and their lips parted. Blaze looked to see Rae waiting patiently next to her gawking sister. If he didn't know any better, he could have sworn Rizarra was envious. Lexiss leaned against the wall, hand rubbing her head, as she still tried to regain her wits.

Death's Mistress fixed him with a firm stare, "Blaze, why didn't you tell us your blades were Natori? Knowing their capabilities ahead of time could have saved us quite a bit of trouble." The warrior blinked as confusion filled him. What was she talking about? He looked over his shoulder to his swords in the scabbards on his back.

"What do you mean?" he responded truthfully, not understanding as all eyes now focused on him. Their looks were all filled with knowing something that he did not. He had yet to be filled in on what had transpired with Merodach. His head began to ache from all of this.

"Blaze," Kenda spoke quietly with her gaze downcast before looking up to him, "In your blind rage, you decapitated Merodach. Any normal weapon of this world would have shattered attempting such a feat on an immortal. They can only be one of the ancient Natori weapons. Where did you get those swords?"

"Natori?" He whispered in shock. The look in Kendra's eyes spoke of the utmost certainty of what she had said. He had killed Merodach when he should have failed in any other circumstance is what she was telling him. "They were gifts."

Rae shook her head and threw her hands up in disbelief. "Weapons that can destroy the gods themselves were simply given to you? These relics of the ancients are protected by denizens of the gods to prevent them falling into the hands of mortals. To retrieve them alone you would have to put yourself in constant peril. Don't be silly and expect us to beli..." Rae's voice trailed off as she saw the tears running down Blaze's cheeks.

"They belonged to my master," he whispered and he wiped his eyes. "I had thought them old and useless compared to the gilded weaponry he had received as gifts from important people and royalty from around the world. I was upset thinking they were simple hand-me-downs he wanted to get rid of. These swords had always been with him in combat and were special to him. He told me he wished to pass it down to his son as his father did to him."

Rizarra sighed as she looked to her sister, "It is possible. Some Natori artifacts could have been lost in the chaos during the war with the gods and passed down through generations unknowingly."

"That is why they were important to him as they had belonged to his family for centuries," Blaze said, nodding to what Rizarra said as true. "But he was impotent from so many fierce battles that took its toll on his body. I was such a fool then to resent being given weapons I thought lesser of my worth. Only after he was gone did I appreciate them and why he gave them to me. Now you are telling me they are worth even more than all those weapons from kings and countries around the world?"

"Xas," Rae nodded. "No amount of wealth could equal the worth of Natori weaponry. And with those weapons you could put an end to this war by ending Koas herself." His attention snapped up to look to Rae with those words. He glanced over Kendra. The succubus nodded in affirmation that this could be the solution they were looking for in stopping the schemes of the dark goddess. Could he really do it? Kill a god? Wouldn't the very act be like declaring war on all deities as did the Natori of ancient times? After a few careful moments of consideration, Blaze looked to the rest of them to give his answer.

"Alright then, let us go confront the Mistress of Chaos," He said with a grin. "The violence and suffering her ambition causes has to come to an end. I see no other alternative other to convince her to stop or be destroyed." The others nodded and smiled to him. They were with him in this decision and would do their utmost to make sure he was successful. He looked to the former avatar of the dark goddess looking downcast as they discussed this. Walking over to Lexiss, he placed a reassuring hand upon her shoulder. "I know this may be hard on you, but we need your help in getting to where Koas is."

"Please," she whispered, looking up to him with a fearful gaze, "Don't make me go back there. Even though she created me from her very being, that place is no longer my home. Koas will undoubtedly kill me once she finds out what I have done."

Blaze could feel her whole body trembling uncontrollably through his hand. If there was one thing the shadow mistress feared more than a wrathful Kendra, it was the horrible fate that awaited her upon returning to Koas. He sighed before nodding in sympathy. He would not ask her again now that she had shown him her terror of going back.

"Lexiss, hear me out then. Go to Stavros," he stated simply.

"Stavros? I do not understand what you mean," Lexiss responded with a confused look.

"I know you may have caused him and his people trouble in the past, but seek his protection. As further proof to all of us here as well as Stavros, pledge your loyalty to him by serving as his avatar," he explained.

The other women looked on in surprise at he what he had suggested. With her acting as a personal avatar of Stavros, she would be under his protection. An attempt on her life would result in severe consequences. Most gods recognized this fact in their desires to avoid needless spats with each other. So long as Stavros agreed to take her in. The young warrior had a hard time believing the deity would refuse after seeing the turnaround in Lexiss. 

"How do we find our way to Koas without her then?" Rae asked what they were all thinking.

"I can help," Rizarra spoke up. "I know a few routes to the other side from the intelligence reports we drow have gathered. That will allow her to take her leave of us and go to Stavros." Blaze nodded and couldn't help but sigh a little in relief. In the end, this was the best for Lexiss. It put her out of harm's way. They would separate here now that she was done assisting in the search for Kendra.

"But aren't you forgetting something important, Blaze? Before you leave," Lexiss spoke as those purple eyes looked up to him, realizing the approaching time of parting as well. "You agreed to repay me for helping you find Kendra." Rae sighed heavily, rolling her eyes as she folded her arms across her chest. The drowess fixated him with a stare that she had warned him. Scratching the back of his head, Blaze remembered that he did agree to her terms with little thought of what she may want.

He looked at what they had on them, not much in coin or possessions to part with. What could she want then? "I did, didn't I? But we really don't have much to give you at the mome-"

"Make love to me, please!" Lexiss cut him off abruptly, her hands desperately clutching at his sleeve.

"What?..." A dangerous voice echoed in the hall, causing them all to freeze. Blaze swallowed deeply as he broke into a cold sweat, turning his head slightly to see Kendra trembling in barely controlled rage. Her lowered gaze caused her bangs to cover her eyes, but the scowl her lips wore were enough to cause Lexiss to shrink behind him in fear. Both Rae and Rizarra gave incredulous looks to the shadow mistress as if she had a crazy death wish.

"Please understand," Lexiss said behind him, her words more to him than anyone else. "All I've known is darkness and pain in my existence. I could feel your intimacy even then, despite the aphrodisiac I used on you. I just want to experience what they have with you, but with no more hiding in the shadows or ill will between us."

"Kendra," Blaze said her name softly, trying to soothe her as best he could.

"You may have saved him once today, but that doesn't erase your past actions," Kendra said, voice growling as her body shook with growing fury. "And now, right before me, you demand that he become intimate with you in the way that he is with me and the others?"

Blaze had to stabilize the situation before the succubus lost all control. "Kendra, please! This was my fault as it was my decision to agree blindly to her demands. If you want to take your anger out on anyone, take it out on me." 

Kendra blinked. The thought of hurting him like she wanted to do to Lexiss was so incomprehensible that it snapped her out of it. Shaking her head, she stepped back from him. "Fine," she sighed. Seeing his resolve, the demoness turned to give Lexiss a warning glare, "Try anything that harms him in any way and I will make sure what just happened seem like a slap across the back of your wrist."

"Thank you, Kendra," he sighed in relief. Blaze could feel Lexiss trembling behind him. She did not doubt the words of the succubus. Understanding the truth behind Kendra's powers now, he knew full well that his lover was far from exaggerating with her threat. Those green eyes fixated him firmly.

"Don't take too long. I'm going to pay a visit to some former comrades of mine. I expect you to be finished by the time I return," She stated coolly before turning about and walking down the hall. Blaze looked after her with concern before realizing she meant the horde of demons on the other side of the building. He immediately became worried that she would be overwhelmed and captured once more. That is, until he saw her cracking her knuckles. Her nude body was tense, like a coiled snake ready to strike and bore all the lethal intent of doing so. A shiver ran down his spine as he now pitied the demons who did not know what was coming for them.

Rae looked back over to him and Lexiss before motioning, "We'd best have you to finish before she returns. Rae and I were lucky enough to bring you back from the brink of death. But we can't do so when you are nothing more than a blood stain, now can we?"

Rizarra looked to her sister and just about laughed as Lexiss stiffened in fear from the suggested gruesome fate. She turned about to walk after Kendra, waving her hand for them to follow. "Come. I had a personal room to use here while enjoying the entertainment of the arena. While I surmise it is thoroughly ruined like the others, I doubt they discovered the secret chamber I used for my Patrons and I to enjoy."

Death's Mistress sighed as she fell in behind Blaze and the shadow mistress. Lexiss was risking not only her life, but all of theirs by angering Kendra. Rae knew what the succubus was in truth as did Blaze after her revelation to them. Why risk causing Kendra to lose control of herself in rage and destroy the world for one romp in the sack with him? Then again, Rae thought to herself, this was Blaze after all. She'd risk much if it meant she could enjoy one last time with him in bed. Nor did Lexiss know Kendra's true nature either.

As her thoughts turned to it, she found herself surprised that Blaze had made no mention to Kendra yet that he knew. She supposed that he was giving Kendra her own time to reveal her secret when the time was right. Rae felt the guilt of having told to others before the demon could, especially considering her own secret she kept from them.

"This is it," Rizarra spoke up, jarring Rae out of her thoughts as her sister opened the door. Looking inside, they saw what looked to be another office with a large desk. Her sister was always focused on her work as a matron mother, ordering assassinations while managing the financial sabotage of other houses. Even in this area, Rizarra seemed to enjoy throwing herself into her work as the head of her household. Rae would rather keep killing than deal with paperwork.

"Good, it is not as damaged as I thought," Rizarra stated before pointing to the wall behind the desk. "Pull the right sconce on the wall there to reveal my bedchamber."

Rae fixated Lexiss with a firm glare as she tapped her pointed elven ear. "Rest assured that we will be able to hear everything and will be listening for any signal from Blaze of trouble. I may not have the demonic strength of my friend, but I can be just as cruel in killing you should you try anything. Remember that."

The drowess waited until the shadow mistress nodded that she understood before giving Blaze one worried glance. He simply smiled in assurance to her. Rae took a small breath before both dark elves stepped out in the hallway, closing the door behind them to give the two privacy. 

********************
