 *** I'm back with a new series. This one has been completely written and I will be submitting in weekly intervals. 

It is about pirates in a fantasy world and contains scenes of graphic, reluctant sex and exhibitionism/voyeurism. I am submitting it in Sci-Fi/Fantasy, so here is your warning about the nature of the sexual situations. 

Of course all characters are over 18 years of age. Enjoy. *** 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Chapter One: The Mad Pirate

The deck of the Bleeding Heart swayed pleasantly in the gentle current of the ocean as the sun began to crest the line of the horizon far in the distance. The ship's captain stood at the stern in the early morning silence and watched as the sun climbed the sky, his black hair blowing around his face in the light wind. It was peaceful in the early dawn with most of the crew still asleep below deck and Captain Heart sighed deep with content. It would be a long day and he planned on enjoying the stillness for as long as he could. 

Despite being the world's most wanted criminal and legend's most frightening monster, Heart found time to enjoy the little things that life offered whenever he could. But they were always too short lived...

"Captain?" a deep voice said from behind Heart. 

"Devin," Heart smiled, bidding his first officer forward with a flick of his wrist. 

A huge man with a closely shaved head of blond hair came to stand by his captain looking out of character in a neatly pressed, red first officer's uniform. He stood a whole head taller than Heart but held a reverent respect for his fearless and deadly leader. 

"Beautiful isn't it?" Heart observed, gesturing at the sunrise. 

"Aye, Sir," Devin nodded. 

"I think it's what I love most about the sea," Heart mused, "The sunrise before a bloody day." 

"Will it be bad?" Devin asked, worry furrowing his strong brow. 

Heart snorted and smiled, "I can only hope so." 

"Very good, Sir," Devin said with a curious frown, "Should I wake the men?" 

"Please," Heart nodded and watched as his friend departed. 

The small ship that the Bleeding Heart had been pursuing across the Eastern Ocean had finally begun to slow down as it ran out of energy and Heart had planned on finally taking it by late that morning. Now would be the best time to strike, before the full moon the next day reenergized the ship's passengers, making any attempt at victory impossible for another month. But even with the best circumstances possible, defeat was well within the realm of possibility. 

Nonetheless Seth Heart liked a challenge -- one did not become a pirate of his caliber without taking a few risks. 

Men were now starting to come above deck, preparing the ship for full speed. They all had their orders and Heart was pleased to see his crew working like the well-oiled machine it was. 

"Sir," Devin had reappeared and looked concerned about something. 

"What is it?" Heart asked, keeping his composure as he strolled with the first officer toward the door in the middle of the ship that led below deck. 

"The wind crystal is more depleted than we anticipated," Devin replied, "These past few days have been too calm..." 

Heart paused and pulled one of his many rings off his right hand, placing it in Devin's palm. It was silver and plain, with a round, blue stone set into the top. "Never leave port unprepared," Heart intoned, "I got this off a particularly skilled whore in that swamp we docked in a few months back. It is very effective at replenishing energy... give it to the mage -- he'll know what to do with it." 

Devin nodded and hustled toward the aft of the ship where the Bleeding Heart's pride and joy, a rare and powerful wind gem, was housed. 

Continuing on his way, Heart descended a flight of stairs under the ship and walked down a short hallway to where his quarters were located. When he entered, Heart went to his drawers and got out a loose, black shirt that he pulled over his head. Next he grabbed his belt and sword from where they hung from the end of his bed and buckled it on over his hips. Last came his long, heavy blood red coat. When a ship saw that coat on the stern of an approaching ship, its members knew it was time to make peace with their gods -- Captain Heart would be on them in minutes. 

"Get up, Greta," Heart announced loudly, kicking his bed and disturbing the naked, sleeping woman under the covers, "I need you at your best for this battle." 

The woman sat up and stretched, "No time for a quick one?" 

"No," Heart said as he walked out of his quarters, "Ten minutes and I expect you on deck." 

He left before she could protest and anger him. Greta was a fantastic warrior and a skilled lover, but she had a rebellious streak that often rubbed Heart the wrong way. 

Back up top, the activity of the crew had increased. The black sails that the Bleeding Heart were known for were unfurled, but hung limp in the windless air. A giant red heart with blood dripping from it down the fabric in long streaks blazed menacingly across the largest sail. Anyone within sight of the Bleeding Heart would be able to identify it by that visage. 

"Sir, the witches' ship has been spotted off port," Anthony, the ship's navigator announced as he jogged up to Heart. Anthony was a thin man in his early twenties and dressed like a royal sailor rather than a pirate with neatly pressed clothes and carefully groomed blond shoulder length hair that was tied back with a neat, red ribbon. 

"As soon as the wind is blowing, head straight for it," Heart ordered and Anthony went off toward the aft where the wheel of the ship was located. 

Heart followed close behind to where Devin and Marcus, the ship's mage, were standing around the raised glass cabinet that held the wind gem. Marcus was by far the oldest crewmember on The Bleeding Heart but ranked among the most useful. 

"What's the hold up, gentlemen?" Heart asked as he approached the gem's housing. 

"No problem, Sir," Devin announced, "It just took a few moments for Marcus to figure out how the charm you gave me worked." 

"You're losing your touch, mage," Heart goaded. 

"Its simplicity threw me off," Marcus said, "I anticipated a more elegant solution than this." 

Heart laughed, "It was a whore's charm, mage. And it will have to do for now. How long?" 

"Now," Marcus said, and closed the glass door on the softly glowing blue gem that rested on top of a silver pedestal within the case, "Shall we be off?" 

Heart nodded and Marcus muttered a quick spell that activated the gem. Immediately the sails of the ship snapped full as a strong gust of wind appeared out of nowhere. 

"Steer us true, Anthony!" Heart called out as he climbed the steps to the wheel, "Today we claim the ultimate prize!" 

Anthony turned the wheel hard to the left and the ship tilted as the stern lined up with a tiny speck in the distance that marked its destination. The sky was a deep blue and the sun now fully up as the Bleeding Heart raced forward, aided by the magical wind that shifted direction with the ship. 

Adrenaline pumped through Heart's veins as he surveyed his crew shift from preparing for sail to preparing for battle. Many of them would probably die that day, but the prize would be worth it. Unlimited power -- that was what was at stake that day. 

"How long, Anthony?" Heart asked his navigator, who was concentrating on chasing the dot in the distance. 

After a few seconds of calculation, Anthony responded, "One hour until we can see her sails, another forty five minutes until we're within firing distance." 

Heart nodded, and faced the stern. He watched as the ship grew larger by increments. In just under two hours his years-long search would finally come to a close. The witch would be his and all the power that came with her. He just hoped that he would survive the experience. 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Lana saw the Bleeding Heart's black sails and felt her heart plummet. The mad pirate, Seth Heart had finally caught up with the ship that she had been fleeing on and there was no guaranteeing her safety anymore. The full moon that would replenish the witches' powers was still a day away and she and the crew of the ship were all exhausted from powering the harrowing escape across the East Ocean. 

Lana was used to running, had been doing it since before she could remember, but this particular pursuer had been the most tenacious of them all. Heart had a reputation that preceded him and made Lana wish she could run all the faster. For if he caught up with her...

"Lana!" a strong voice called from the aft of the ship. The captain of the Charon was a kind, but disciplined witch that had taken her job of protecting Lana very seriously. 

Lana walked down the deck of the small ship toward the aft where Captain Stella had called for her. She was standing near the wheel, staring into the distance where the Bleeding Heart was racing toward them with unnatural speed. 

Stella was a beautiful witch, with long blond hair that reached all the way down to her lower back. It was braided with charms and trinkets in places that provided her power and protection. She wore a short, black skirt that was slit up the side for easy movement, showing off her long, shapely legs, and a loose white shirt cut off at the sleeves. A white bandana wrapped around her head kept her long hair out of her eyes in the thick of battle. 

"Captain Heart wishes to challenge us for you," Stella spoke to Lana as the younger witch approached, "But I do not intend on giving you up easily." 

"I thank you for that, Captain," Lana said softly. With her light white robes and straight, black hair, Lana stuck a much different impression than the Charon's captain. But of the two witches, Lana harbored the most power, which was what marked her as Heart's, and many others', target. Cursed by the gods themselves at birth, Lana possessed the ability to cast the darkest magics, but not the will to do so. Awakening that power would mean the end of her humanity and the possible deaths of more innocents than she wished to consider. 

"If they take you, Lana...," Stella said gravely, choosing not to finish her dark thought. 

"I have every faith in you and your crew," Lana said, "The mad pirate will not win this day." 

"I hope for yours and everyone's sake that you are correct," Stella said and then shouted out over the bustling deck, "Prepare for battle!" 

The Charon was crewed by an all-female coven of witches that usually specialized in trade of magic objects. Lana was famous amongst witches and when the Charon had heard of Lana's flight from Captain Heart across the island country of Aquel in the far east, Stella had secured her safe passage off the island into the East Ocean. There they had intended to easily outrun the Bleeding Heart through use of the coven's combined powers. But the pirate had possessed magic of his own and had been able to track their course through the ocean, slowly catching up as the weeks dragged on, draining the witches' power in the chase. 

"You are the most precious cargo I have ever transported," Stella told Lana as the witches readied themselves for battle with the Bleeding Heart's infamous warrior crew, "I am honored you entrusted me with the task of protecting you. I hope I do not fail this day." 

"It is I who owe you a debt of gratitude," Lana said with a shallow bow, "If you had not taken me out of Aquel, Heart would have gotten his prize long before now." 

"Then let us both agree that whatever happens today, we have done what we could to prevent it." 

"Agreed," Lana nodded, and watched with the captain as the giant black pirate ship with the dreadful red heart painted across its sails began to change direction, turning on its side in order to fire on the Charon. 

"Witches!" Stella cried out as the cannon doors of The Bleeding Heart opened, revealing a threatening row of lethal weapons, "Set that ship ablaze and brace for impact!" 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"I want teams ready with sand and water," Captain Seth Heart told Devin, "Witches have a proclivity for fire." 

Devin nodded and ran off to find non-essential crewmembers to act as fire control. 

Anthony had brought the Bleeding Heart around to its side in order to fire upon the witches' much-smaller ship, the Charon. Theirs had no sails or weapons, and was designed to transport small but precious quantities of cargo quickly across the ocean. It was ill suited for ship-to-ship battle, and Heart was confident that after a few volleys of silver, magic-resistant cannonballs the Charon would be crippled beyond repair, leaving it a useless scrap of wood floating in the ocean. Even so, the witches were not defenseless, and Heart could hear the sharp orders of the Charon's captain as she readied her own crew for a strong counteroffensive. 

"Fire crews ready, Captain," Devin reported. 

"Go below and coordinate the cannon fire," Heart told his first officer, "I want that ship reduced to driftwood." 

"Sir!" 

Devin hurried off and Heart walked to the port side of the aft to survey his target. At the Charon's wheel stood two women apart from the crew on the small main deck. One of these women stood tall and stately, with long blond hair and the dress of a fighter while the other, shorter woman appeared to cower next to her in the robes of a novice witch. The Charon's captain and her treasure -- Heart made a note of where to go once he was aboard the Charon. 

"Fire!" someone shouted from the Bleeding Heart's deck and the captain turned his gaze skyward to see three orange flaming orbs arching toward his ship's sails. 

"Marcus," Heart called out calmly, "Do not let those hit the sails." 

The old mage nodded and lifted his arms, muttering a spell that caused the fireballs to suddenly plummet toward the fire-resistant deck rather than the flammable sails. As soon as they hit, fire crews swarmed over the burning spots of the deck, throwing sand and cold seawater to keep the flames from spreading. 

Turning his attention back to the Charon, Heart smiled as a thunderous boom echoed from underneath his feet, causing the deck to vibrate violently. A volley of cannons sailed through the air between the two ships, slamming into the side of the Charon where huge chunks of wood splintered off the ship and fell into the ocean. 

Screams of witches rose from the Charon's deck and more than a handful plummeted into the icy East Ocean as entire sections of the ship's side fell away, leaving them with no support. 

Heart watched as the younger witch at the wheel of the Charon lost her balance and fell to the deck. The captain remained upright and was shouting another list of orders as another volley of cannon fire slammed into the Charon's wounded hull. 

More fire flew through the air, and Heart frowned as he watched it turn from a bright orange to a dull blue mid-arc. He recognized they were made of magical "witches' fire" which would be more troublesome to deal with than the previous attack, but Marcus was able to direct their trajectory down to the deck where the fire crews would be able to handle them. 

"Furl the sails!" Heart called out to his crew. He had intended to keep them open for a quick escape if one had been needed, but the risk of defeat was diminishing with each volley of cannon fire while that of damaging the sails beyond repair increased as more magic was hurled their way. "Bring us closer to their ship," Heart told Anthony, "I wish to board and end this." 

Anthony nodded to Marcus, who activated the wind gem that would bring them the few hundred feet they needed to cross in order to be within boarding distance of the Charon. Captain Heart walked down the stairs of the aft to the deck, where fire crews were still battling the magical blue flame that was threatening to spread across the deck. He spotted Greta along the edge of the ship with a number of other crewmembers that were all shouting insults and threats at the witches' as they neared the Charon 

"Prepare to board," Heart announced to the warriors. They all cheered, hurrying to get the long boards that they would use to bridge the gap between the two ships once they were close enough. 

The Bleeding Heart tilted as Anthony deftly angled it to come along the side of the Charon just as the witches unleashed hell in desperation. Huge forks of purple lightning crackled in the sky above Captain Heart's ship before slamming into its deck, leaving huge smoldering holes in the wood, throwing crew members who were standing too close to the points of impact and instantly vaporizing others. Another round of cannon fire erupted from the Bleeding Heart in response, and Heart smirked at the irreparable wreckage that was now the Charon's hull. 

"Lay the planks and board the Charon!" Heart cried out, drawing his iron sword and rallying his semi-dazed crew, "Kill all but the captain and her pet!" 

The Bleeding Heart's crew drew their own swords of various styles and let out a collective battle cry as they placed the long wooden boards and began to dash across the treacherous bridges with skilled footing. The witches on board the Charon let out there own yell and began hurling quick spells at Heart's crew. Many of those in the front of the charge were hit and their stunned, limp bodies joined the floating chunks of Charon below. 

But there was an endless stream of pirates running across the planks and soon their numbers overwhelmed the witches, who fell easily to the iron and silver swords of Heart's crew that cut threw the Charon's like butter. 

Wasting little time, Seth Heart crossed the gap between his ship and the Charon, dodging flying spells and slashing at brave, but foolish witches who tried to engage in hand to hand combat. His goal was the aft of the ship, where he was sure the good captain of the Charon would still be, protecting her treasure until the bitter end, unable to go below deck where they would be ripped apart by cannon fire. 

"Who do I have the honor of defeating on this beautiful day?" Heart cried out as he approached the wheel of the Charon, leaving the one-sided battle on her deck behind. He had been right in assuming that the captain had stayed her ground. The object of this battle cowered behind her, shivering with fear. 

"My name is Stella," the tall blond said, "Captain of the Charon and leader of its coven." 

"You'll be leader of nothing at this rate," Heart chuckled, the dying shrieks of witches nearly drowning out his voice, "Hand over Lana and I will leave you to what's left your ship, alive. Resist and I will have no choice but to take you as retribution." 

"If you wish to have Lana, you will have to kill me for her," Stella said, shifting her stance to a fighting position. The witch carried no weapon, as iron and silver were poison to her, but Heart was wary of magic. The charms woven into the captain's hair were undoubtedly part of her protection and his own was limited. 

Heart took a step forward, throwing up a weak shield with help from one of his own charms. It would not be enough to protect against any substantial spell, but enough for any quick, dirty tricks that Stella may have up her sleeves. He glanced back at his ship and was glad to see that Marcus was making his way to the planks now that they were safely free of witches' wayward spells. Heart would need the mage to secure Lana, but he had to deal with Stella first. 

"Do you fear my power, pirate?" Stella mocked. Heart knew that the captain would make a decent prize, and smiled inwardly at his own plans for the defiant witch now that she had defied him. 

"I fear nothing, witch," Heart laughed, "I am the mad pirate of the East Ocean and most reviled monster in the world -- why would a tasty wench like you frighten me?" 
