 Chapter 2: Ritual

Captain Seth Heart looked up from the maps spread across Anthony's desk in the navigation room to see Marcus slip inside with a grace that belied his old age. His face was downcast, and Heart could tell that something was weighing on the mage's mind. 

"Out with it," the captain ordered, frowning himself, "You have permission to speak freely." He had dressed in his usual uniform after finishing with the Charon's former captain, and was busy enjoying some solitude before that evening's ritual. 

"Sir," Marcus began, slowly as he chose his words, "I think perhaps you are underestimating these prisoners. They are not simply playthings for you to use and discard, but powerful beings known for their tricks. I think it would be wiser for you to kill the captain now rather than continue to...use her...as you intend." 

"Hmmm," Heart nodded, giving none of his thoughts away, "And what of Lana? Should I discard her as well, after all these years searching?" 

Marcus shook his head, "Of course not, Sir. But I would recommend getting from her what you desire and then letting her join her captain at the bottom of the ocean." Although he looked the part of the kindly old man, Marcus hid a heart even blacker than the robes he wore. 

"Your concerns are well founded," Heart said, leaning against the map desk, "Witches are notoriously tricky, but I have fitted the captain with a collar that blocks all of her powers quite completely. Trust me -- if she had any access to magic, she would not have let things go as far as they did earlier. Consider it a test." 

"Even if you are not worried, I will continue to keep an eye on her," Marcus said, "As for Lana...how do you intend to unlock her powers and control them as your own? Of this you have been almost completely silent." 

Heart sighed, "And for good reason, it appears. If you had known my whole plan, I would not have heard the end of your protests. But seeing as how there is no turning back...," the captain reached into his coat pocket and pulled out two, identical black rings and held them up for Marcus to see, "These are the keys to my success." 

Marcus frowned, "How?"

"There is a ceremony performed by practitioners of magic that many liken to an unholy marriage," Heart explained, placing the rings back into his pocket, "For various reasons, a witch and mage my bond their powers, effectively doubling their strengths and becoming as of one. This, Marcus, is all I need to do in order to control Lana's powers...and her."

"Marry her!?" Marcus exclaimed, flabbergast, "But...it...," the mage struggled to find a logical hole in Heart's plan, but was unable to do so -- much to his utter amazement. 

"I know - it's so simple," Heart grinned, "I perform this ritual and her powers become mine. That mark between her thighs I had you nullify was her only protection against it. For the ritual to be successful, the witch must begin it a virgin in order to be deflowered at its climax, which is why so many do not even qualify for such a bonding. But that mark protected her from 'impurity' by effectively warding off any would-be...invasions." 

"A gift from her early holy protectors no doubt," Marcus scoffed, "But how did you know about it?"

"Serendipity mostly," Heart chuckled, "I met a man in a bar at port who claimed to have met the unholy white witch. Regretfully, he had tried to coerce her to bed, but found that when he tried to...well let's just say that was the last bedding he ever attempted. After a series of further questions, I determined that it had indeed been Lana who the man had met, and some research revealed a nasty little trick that Holy Sisters sometimes use to stay pure for their goddess. Before she was exiled from the Sisters, Lana must have received the mark." 

"Which I then neutralized, making this whole ritual of yours possible," Marcus mused. 

"Exactly," Heart nodded, "And with the full moon tonight, everything is ready." The captain stood straight and walked to the door of the room, patting Marcus on the shoulder as he passed, "If you'll excuse me, old friend, I need to prepare Lana. Start announcing to the crew that I want them on deck in two hours." 

Heart left the mage and walked down the hallway past the officers' rooms, where Stella's mewls of pleasure could be heard muffled through one of the doors, and back to his own quarters. 

The Bleeding Heart was a massive war ship that Heart had stolen when he was just a young man. It had three decks below the main deck -- the first housed the navigation room, officers' quarters, and an impressively sized kitchen. Below that were the general mess hall, an impressive row of cannons, and living quarters for the rest of his crew. The bottom deck was filled with supplies and treasure that the pirates had procured during their adventures. Heart kept his crew disciplined and in shape, and his ship was a shining example for all captains to envy. 

Bursting into his quarters, Heart smirked when Lana sprung from his bed with a soft gasp of surprise. She was dressed in a thin black dress that clung to her figure and came only to the middle of her thighs. Her black hair hung straight around her face, and she looked very much the part of the unholy princess. 

"Where is captain Stella?" Lana asked in a thin voice while she tried to pull the dress further down her thighs. Raised as a young girl by a prudish order of religious zealots, the witch appeared to retain many of her conservative predilections despite the darkness and depravity she had experienced during her years on the run. 

"Enjoying herself," Heart snickered, crossing the room to Lana and coming to stand inches in front of her, "Don't worry -- your turn will come soon enough." 

Lana's breath hitched in her throat, but she cleared it and asked, "What will you do to me?"

Heart smiled and brushed the side of Lana's cheek with the back of his fingers, "Nothing you won't be begging for." 

"You don't understand...," Lana began, but Heart interrupted her by dipping his head and capturing her lips in a hard kiss. 

She was too surprised at first to react, but turned away once she could think straight and Heart laughed against her neck. "I can't wait to see you squirm while I fuck the prudishness right out of you," he growled, "Until then..." 

With sudden roughness, Heart pushed Lana backward until she was pressed between the hard wooden wall of the ship and his body. Gripping her hands with his, Heart pulled Lana's arms up so that they were trapped above her head. One hand held her wrists together while the other worked at pulling Lana's dress up so that it bunched around her thighs. 

"Please don't," Lana begged. 

Ignoring her, Heart shoved his free hand between their bodies and began to rub his fingers over Lana's untouched sex, paying special attention to her hardening clit. 

"You saw how much your captain was enjoying this," Heart grinned, feeling Lana's sex begin to heat as he continued his assault, "Something tells me a sheltered witch like yourself will like it even more." 

"Noooo," Lana moaned, struggling against Heart's grip, but unable to do anything. 

Heart rocked his hips forward, jamming his erection into Lana's belly while he dipped the very tip of his index finger between her impossibly tight lips. She squealed and closed her eyes as he wiggled his way through her gathering wetness until he was stopped by a thin barrier. 

"So tight," Heart breathed, thrusting his fingertip into Lana shallowly while he rubbed his palm along her clit, "No one has ever been inside of you before. Do you know how I know this?" 

Lana shook her head. Her eyes were still shut tight, but a definite flush had risen in her cheeks. 

"Someone tried to fuck you a few months ago," Heart explained, thrusting his hips against her, "But you fried him good. That's how I knew about your little protection charm between your thighs." The pirate withdrew his index finger completely and then jammed it back in. Lana cried out in unwanted pleasure while a wave of fluid gushed from her slit. 

"Stop," she moaned, but Heart did not stop. He added another finger to his shallow thrusts. Lana began to move with him, rotating her hips so that her clit rubbed harder against his palm. Her breaths started coming in short pants and her struggles against his grip had ceased completely. 

"You have no idea how badly I want to fuck you," Heart groaned, but with tremendous effort he pulled his soaked fingers from Lana's cunt and stepped away from her, releasing her wrists and leaving her panting against the wall with her dress hiked up around her hips, her thighs slick with her own arousal. 

"Less than an hour now," Heart said, trying to control his own breathing, "Then you'll be mine." 

Humiliated and painfully aroused, Lana slumped to the floor of Heart's cabin and watched as the captain undressed and redressed into the clothes he was to wear for the ceremony trying to ignore the pressure between her thighs and her attraction to the pirate. He was strong and very well endowed, and had almost caused her to give herself up completely with only two of his fingers. 

But the price of her weakness would be too high if she gave into his mad scheme. She had to resist him, or people would die. 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

The blond witch trapped beneath Devin cried out as he ground his pelvis into hers. She raked sharp nails down his back, leaving red trails in their wake. Stella had already come twice since Devin was left alone with her, and all her previous inhibitions were gone as she urged the giant first officer on. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, FUCK!" she cried out and came again, her honey spilling out from where Devin's impossibly thick cock was wedged tightly between her lips. 

Devin felt Stella's inner walls contract around his cock for the second time since he had buried himself inside of her. This time it sent him over the edge and he came with a grunt, filling her with his seed and collapsing on top of her. After a moment he rolled over onto his back, panting, his huge chest slick with sweat. 

"You have impressive stamina, witch," Devin said breathlessly, "Considering my captain got to try you first already." 

"Do not remind me," Stella groaned, sitting up on the bed and looking down at Devin, "Is this to be my life now? Passed between pirates until I cum myself dry?" 

"What an awful existence," Devin growled sarcastically, reaching out and pulling Stella closer to his body. 

She came willingly enough, but Devin could tell that the former captain was not at all pleased with her position on the Bleeding Heart. Nor did he expect her to be -- taken by force from her home to become little more than a pirate's wench. It must have felt like the worst punishment imaginable for someone who had once led a coven of fearless witches. 

"What do you know of Captain Heart?" Devin asked, staring up at the ceiling as the ship swayed beneath them. 

Stella paused for a moment before answering, "I know that he is cruel...," 

"...intense," Devin corrected. 

"Ruthless...," 

"...unyielding." 

"And very powerful," Stella finished. 

"That I cannot argue with," Devin said. 

"Can you also agree that he has no respect for human life?" Stella prodded, "And views slavery and death as personal hobbies?" 

"Hmmm," Devin mused, "Perhaps...but if I, or even you, had lived his life who's to say we would not have ended up the very same?" 

"And what is his life story?" Stella asked, "What could have been so terrible to have produced such a monstrous man?" 

Devin chuckled, "That is too long a tale to tell now, witch. But perhaps if you behave I will divulge it some day." 

Just then a sharp knock sounded at the door before it opened and Anthony came bustling in with a rumpled pile of clothing in his arms. 

"Whoa," the young navigator said, waving his hand in front of his face, "It stinks of sex in here. You both need a bath...here," he dumped the pile of clothes on the bed, "Captain says have her dress and get up to the deck immediately. The mysterious ritual is about to start." 

Devin got up with a groan and walked Anthony to the door, "What exactly is this ritual?" he asked in a soft voice. 

"I don't know," Anthony shrugged, "All I know is that you have fifteen minutes to get topside with the witch." 

"Fine," Devin said with a roll of his eyes and returned to stand over the bed while Anthony made his exit, "Get dressed," he instructed Stella, "I'll be next door doing the same. Don't try to escape..." 

Ten minutes later he returned in a clean officer's uniform to find Stella wearing the blouse and skirt she had on the Charon. She had run her fingers through her hair a few times to straighten it, and the discarded bandana on the corner of the bed suggested that she had attempted to clean herself up. 

"Ready?" Devin asked the witch, motioning toward the door. 

"No," Stella responded, but got up and walked out into the hallway and toward the stairs that led topside. 

Outside it was nearly dark. The sun was just disappearing in the west and a dimly lit full moon was hanging low in the sky, ready to take its place. The crewmembers of the Bleeding Heart were all gathered around the foremast and the crowd parted as Devin led Stella through to the scene at the center. 

"Lana...," Stella gasped when they came into view and Devin had to restrain her with a firm grip on her shoulder. 

Heart, who had swapped his usual red coat for a black one, and Lana, dressed in her short black dress, stood in front of the foremast with Marcus between them. The captain and Lana faced each other, and Lana's wrists were bound together in front of her. She looked shocked and afraid while Heart surveyed his crew with a face of pure satisfaction. 

Heart's eyes settled on Stella and he smiled, "Glad you could make it 'captain' Stella," he said, "Come closer. I want you to have a front row view of this. Devin, be sure to keep her secure." 

Devin nodded and pulled Stella closer to the Heart until they were only a few feet away. 

"Good," Heart said and then turned to Marcus, "Let's begin." 

The mage nodded and cleared his throat before announcing in a strong, clear voice, "As the full moon rises to give her gift of magic to the mortals of this planet, we give thanks and offer to her our eternal gratitude," the crew of the Bleeding Heart shifted and murmured among themselves at the strangely religious speech, but Marcus continued, "Also on this night, we join two children of the moon in unholy union so that they may serve her together as one." 

"No!" Stella gasped, and Devin was forced to pull her against him so that she would not rush up to the foremast, "You cannot do this!" 

"Quiet," Devin hissed, unsure of what was going on, "Or I will gag you." 

The crew was staring at Stella now as she continued to struggle and beg, "Please! You do not know what you will unleash, pirate. You must not!" 

Devin turned to a crewmember beside him and pulled his red bandana off his bald head. He then twisted it into a rope and tied it around Stella's head, forcing the middle into her mouth to gag her. 

"Thank you, Devin," Heart said with a smile and then turned to Marcus, "You may continue." 

Reaching into his robes, Marcus pulled out two black rings and held them up, "With these rings, blessed by lunar priestesses, I do bind Captain Seth Heart, the Mad Pirate, and Lana, the Unholy Princess," he muttered a few words which were followed by a flash of light from each ring, "We have her blessing," Marcus said solemnly and handed the rings to Heart. 

The captain took one and slipped it on his finger before taking Lana's bound hands and slipping its twin on hers. Stella redoubled her struggles as the rings glowed softly to indicate the success of the spell. Devin held her still, trying to understand what his captain was doing with this ritual. To him it looked like a simple marriage... 

"You may consummate the union," Marcus announced with a solemn look, and stepped away from the pair before disappearing into the crowd. 

Heart grinned wickedly and advanced on Lana, who backed up against the foremast, cowering. Gripping her wrists, Heart pulled them up above her head before securing them to a waiting hook. 

"Please," Lana begged before Heart gripped her dress and tore the thin material down her body, pulling it from her so that she was bound and exposed to the entire crew, who whooped and cheered at her nakedness. 

Next, Heart undressed himself, shedding his coat and shirt followed by his boots and pants. His cock, which stood long and thick in front of his body, gained a few congratulatory cheers from the crew as well. He gripped it and approached the helpless witch until he was close enough to rub his head along Lana's slit in an attempt to get her wet for him. 

This display along with Stella's body pressed against him was causing Devin to grow hard himself. Still gripping the former captain tightly, Devin allowed one hand to trail down her body and slip underneath her skirt where he began to rub against her clit. 

"Mmmm!" Stella protested through her gag, but Devin persisted as Heart pressed himself up against Lana and captured her mouth in a searing kiss much to the crew's delight. It wasn't the first of these displays that the captain had put on for his men. Heart liked an audience, and Devin often joined him in the activities. 

Lana struggled against Heart's advances at first, but began to moan softly as Heart played with her nipples and continued to press his erection against her lower belly. 

Stella began to grow warm and wet as Devin toyed with her sex, although she remained rigid against him while she watched her ward violated by the mad pirate a few feet away. 

Heart broke off his kiss with Lana and turned his head downward as he gripped the shaft of his cock and positioned it at her entrance. The witch whimpered in fear and pleasure as the captain thrust his hips slowly forward, piercing her lips with first the head of his member, and then an inch of the shaft. Devin dipped two fingers between Stella's lips as he watched his captain arched his hips, breaking through Lana's virginity to cheers from his crew. 

Stella moaned into her gag and Lana cried out. Devin continued to stroke the upper walls of Stella's cunt while Heart buried more of himself within Lana. Both witches writhed under their respective pirate's touch and began to loose their inhibitions totally. 

"Look how much she loves it!" Heart cried out to his crew as he began to thrust into the mewling Lana. His cock was shiny with her cream, and thick drops of it were falling between them onto the ship's deck. "And look," he continued, gesturing toward Devin and Stella while he continued to fuck Lana, "Her captain is helpless against my first officer! Give us a show, Devin." 

Devin growled and pulled his fingers out from Stella's cunt and pushed her forward so that she was bent double, her ass presented for him. Flipping up her skirt to bare her pussy, Devin pulled out his cock and thrust into the witch with one motion. She called out around her gag in protest, but he could feel her grind herself back into his pelvis as he gripped her hips and proceeded to pound into her. 

Captain and first officer continued to thrust in unison, bringing the witches to the peaks of pleasure while the crew heckled and cheered. Some of them stroked themselves to the show while few others were lucky enough to join Greta, who had had enough of watching Heart take Lana's virginity, below decks for a ritual of their own. 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Above the growls, grunts, gasps, and groans, the full moon watched, bathing the Bleeding Heart in its otherworldly glow. It had blessed the union of the Unholy Princess, and the closer Heart came to consummating the union with mutual release, the stronger the long-dormant power within Lana grew. 
