 Disclaimer and Warnings: As with this entire series, all scenes of sexual acts involve more than two people. If you don't like that, don't read this. Simple? 

So enjoy ; ) 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Chapter 3: The Unholy Princess 

The deck of the Bleeding Heart was in complete disarray as the giant tentacle of Leviathan descended upon it in a lazy arc. Captain Heart stood still as it struck, sending wood and men flying in all directions. He was vaguely aware of his first officer trying to pull him to safety, but Heart shrugged Devin off and continued to stand in defiance against the creature. 

"Sir!" Devin yelled, "You must get below deck...," 

"I can stop it," Heart said with confidence. The power he now shared with Lana filled him with an energized assurance that this creature was no threat to him or his ship, "Where is Lana?" 

"Controlling the creature," Stella, who had come with Devin, said as she pointed toward starboard, where more tentacles were waving, "I warned you that unlocking this power would be a disaster." 

"Quiet," Heart hissed, but followed Stella's pointing finger to see Lana, who was still unclothed, gesturing her arms up at the creature, laughing manically. 

"Sir...," Devin started, but was cut off by a sharp yell from Heart. 

"Lana! What is the meaning of this?" Heart stormed across the deck and grabbed his new bride by her shoulder, spinning her around to face him. Devin and Stella followed, but at a safe distance, watching the sky warily for another attack from Leviathan. 

"I did not mean for it to hurt you," Lana said with a smile, "It just got a little excited is all." 

"Did you call this beast upon us?" Heart demanded, tightening his grip on Lana's shoulder, "We are bonded now -- you do not defy my wishes!" 

Lana smirked, "But its has been waiting for me for so long," she said, pointing up at Leviathan's appendages, "Don't you feel how happy it is?" 

Heart seemed about to say something, but paused, as if listening. Then he nodded slowly, his eyes wide with amazement, "I...I do hear...something." 

"It's Leviathan," Lana whispered, "The unholy servant of the East Ocean, come to hear its mistress's command." 

"You are not in charge here," Heart growled. He could feel their link and reached out for Lana, lashing out psychically to inflict pain. She cried out and sunk to the deck on her knees, clutching her head. Above, Leviathan grew agitated at it mistress's distress, but Heart reached out to it and commanded it to be still. 

"Please," Lana moaned, as she bent over double, "Stop this!" 

"You will learn your place," Heart snapped as he broke off the assault on Lana's mind, "Pull another stunt like this and I will see that pain is all you will ever know for the rest of your life." 

He then reached out again to the Leviathan and told it to retreat. He was met with resistance from the beast in a language that he had never heard, but for some reason could understand. It wanted to stay and serve he and Lana. 

'Return to the depths, creature,' Heart growled inside its head, 'You have done enough damage. Stay close if you wish, but do not show yourself unless your master commands it.' 

Devin had returned to the captain's side as the giant tentacles that had held the crew in a terrified trance since they had appeared began to retreat once more beneath the dark ocean waves. 

Satisfied, Heart turned to survey the damage Leviathan had done. Aside from a smashed railing on the starboard side and some cracked boards on the deck, the Bleeding Heart itself had received minimal physical damage. However, at least five men lay crumpled and bleeding, thrown from the force of the tentacle's impact. For some reason he suspected was linked to his new power, Heart could tell that these five men were dead. 

"We have lost too many this day," the captain spoke loudly and solemnly to his wary crew, "See to the injured and take care of the dead. Then I want you below decks until morning. Dismissed." 

The crew was slower than usual to answer its captain's order, but soon the deck was bustling with renewed activity. But they were silent, Heart noted, probably too shaken from the close call with Leviathan to be in much of a talking mood. Even Greta and her harem were unusually sober as they help tend to the five dead men. Another incident like this and Captain Heart feared that his men's fierce loyalty might begin to wane ever so slightly. 

It was an unpleasant thought. 

"Sir," Devin spoke as Heart helped Lana to her feet, "This power..." Even Heart's closest friend had doubt in his voice. 

"Walk with me, Devin," Heart said as he led Lana toward the stairs to below deck, "Bring your witch with you. I need counsel." 

"Of course, Sir," Devin nodded and gently guided Stella as he followed Heart down to his quarters, where he shut and locked the door with an uncharacteristicly heavy sigh. 

Heart turned away from the door, "I admit I may not understand this power as much I thought...." 

The captain, who had looked the picture of health during the rousing ritual now looked pale and somehow ragged -- as if he had aged ten years in under one hour. 

"I warned you," Stella said, eyeing Lana uneasily while sticking to Devin's side, "This is power even the holy sisters fear." 

"No one was talking to you, witch," Heart snarled, "You are here as my prisoner, not my counsel. That job falls squarely on Devin's shoulders." 

Devin shifted uncomfortably and cleared his throat, "Sir, with all due respect, perhaps you should listen to St-...to the witch. She seems to have a good deal of knowledge about Lana's power and I admittedly have none." 

Heart glared at Devin for a long moment before waving his hand in incredulous defeat, "Tell me what you know, witch. Lana, get some clothes on so you don't distract me any further." 

Lana grinned and pressed herself up against Heart in a suggestive gesture, "But I thought that's why you kidnapped me? To be a...distraction," she punctuated her sentence by cupping Heart's member through his pants. 

"Just...sit on the bed and be quiet for a minute," Heart said, pulling Lana off his body with tremendous self control, "You can distract me later." He turned on Stella, "What are you waiting for?" 

"First I need to know how much of this power you do understand," Stella said, crossing her arms over her chest, "I wouldn't want to insult your intelligence." 

Heart growled, "Remember your place, witch. What I know is what anyone knows. Twenty years ago news spread through the usual vines that some ancient prophecy had come to pass and that the unholy goddess blessed this world with a baby girl. Of course no one but religious zealots believed this prophecy to begin with. But when the people of the holy citadel Solaris were all killed by disease, leaving only a single female infant alive, even the most moderate of the holy sisters took note. At first they tried to raise the survivor, thought to be the unholy princess, to be one of their own. Although everyone knows it wasn't long after her seventeenth birthday that the child, Lana, was banished.

Again, word spread - of who Lana was and why she had been banished. Unlimited power -- that was what drew me to the tales. I was, and am, known across the world as the 'mad pirate' and three years ago I viewed this crusade as a means to perpetuate that legend. The mad pirate was searching for unlimited unholy power, what was more frightening? But the closer I got to Lana the more I began to believe in my own quest and I prepared for the day when I would finally catch her. And here we are...," Heart finished with a spread of his hands. 

Stella frowned, "Unlimited power...is that all you know of Lana's actual magic?" 

"What else is there to know?" Heart shrugged, "As a man who has spent his entire life building his own story to the heights of legend, that is all I cared about." 

"Did you ever consider where this power comes from? As you must know, there are two types of magic wielders -- the holy sisters and priests, who get their power from the sun goddess, and witches and mages, who derive theirs from the moon. To most men, the sun and moon are simply symbols, but to users of their power they are the most respected and feared forces of nature in this universe. 

When the prophecy you so easily disregarded spoke of a child of the moon being born twenty years ago, it was very literal. That child, Lana, is one step removed from the unholy goddess herself. The power that comes with that parentage is darker and more powerful than any mortal can comprehend. We witches tap into but a tiny drop of the magic the goddess grants us. Lana, and now you thanks to your little 'ritual', can access more of that magic than every witch who is alive or has ever lived before combined. As I'm sure you figure when she managed to summon Leviathan from the depth of the East Ocean like it was nothing!

But this power is not meant to be shared. The moon gifted it to her daughter and her daughter alone -- not to some power hungry pirate. You may feel good now, Captain Heart, but the goddess will not be pleased when she finds out what has happened. It won't be long until Leviathan reports to its true mistress what has happened here tonight. And when it does...," Stella finished her speech by trailing off ominously, staring Heart straight in the eyes. 

"Why should I believe you?" Heart snorted. His face narrowed in anger, but there was fear in his voice, "All this talk about goddesses. It's religious nonsense." 

"Just how do you think magic works?" Stella implored, "Do you think we just pluck it out of the air? You use it yourself -- have you never felt the presence of a higher power when casting a spell? Felt connected to something incomprehensible?" 

Devin looked on as Heart and Stella stared daggers at each other. Neither one seemed willing to back down, but eventually Heart let out an exasperated breath and pounded his fist against his thigh. 

"What am I to do?" he said, "I have control of this power for now, but already I can feel my grasp slipping." 

"Why is it you think that Lana has not rebelled against your 'control' yet?" Stella asked, "It is because she knows you cannot keep it for long. She will watch you go mad for your sins against her mother." 

"Lana is a stupid, naïve girl," Heart growled, but glanced over at the smiling, naked woman lounging casually against the pillows of the bed. 

"That is not the Lana you so easily bent to your sadistic will," Stella hissed, pointing at the bed, "That is the Unholy Princess, the daughter of the moon. As her power grows, so will her darkness. The unholy goddess is not evil by nature, but Lana is still part mortal, and mortals are flawed creatures. There is no telling what kind of destruction her power could bring." 

"So what do you propose I do?" Heart asked again, "Either offer up a solution or keep your mouth shut!" 

"Sir," Devin spoke up suddenly, interrupting the growing storm of anger growing between Heart and Stella, "I think Lana would like a word." 

Heart frowned and turned around to where his first officer was looking. Lana had stood from the bed and was glaring at Stella and the captain with eyes as black as pitch. Strange, faint markings had appeared along her arms, which were crossed in front of her angrily. This was indeed not the Lana that Heart had taken from the Charon, but a creature that appeared to grow more powerful and frightening with each passing minute.

"Enough talk of me as if I was a mere child," she said in a harsh voice "I am the daughter of the unholy goddess and will be treated as such." 

"Lana," Heart growled, "Keep quiet." He reached out between their link and tried to inflict the pain that he used on the ship's deck to control her. But this time he did so out of fear rather than true anger. 

But Heart was not able to reach her this time, and instead received a blast of agony to his own skull that had him crying out. He had lost control sooner than he thought and an icy spear of terror lanced his chest. 

"Do not try that again," Lana warned, "Where is the Captain Seth Heart who deflowered me in front of all his men just because he could? Why has he been replaced with this whining half a man who fears power beyond his wildest wishes?"

"Lana," Stella said softly, "You need time to adjust to your mother's power. Whatever you're feeling right now...," 

"Quiet!" Lana hissed, and Stella's mouth clamped shut with a wave of the other witch's hand, "I will not have one of my servants speak against me."

"Devin," Heart said in a low voice, staring down Lana, "Go find Marcus. Ask him if there is a way to undo our bonding. I'll keep her distracted for a while." 

Devin nodded and rushed out the door before Lana could stop him. 

"What were you whispering about?" the witch asked, sauntering up to Heart and cupping his cheek in her hand. 

"I just wanted to be alone," Heart said softly as he ran his fingertips down Lana's upper arm, "After all, it is our wedding night." 

Stella gave Heart an incredulous look, but he ignored it. There was only one way he could think of to distract Lana in this state, and that was to give into her new found appetites. 

"That is more like it," Lana purred and shoved her hands under Heart's shirt to trail them hungrily along his stomach. 

Heart hissed through his teeth as Lana tweaked his nipples and his cock jerked to life, "Get on the bed," he said and Lana did, crooking her finger in invitation as she sat on the edge of the mattress and spread her legs wide. 

Shooting Stella a look to let her know that this was not entirely what it looked like, Heart undressed and positioned himself between Lana's legs. She reached down to give his shaft a few strokes, bringing it to full attention before sliding the head between her folds, lubricating it with her juices which were flowing freely and already staining the sheets beneath her. 

"What happened to the reluctant maiden I had in my chambers earlier?" Heart asked with a cocked eyebrow as he gripped Lana's thighs and brought her closer to him, his cock still just poised at her entrance. 

"She's gone," Lana said and wrapped her legs around Heart's back, pulling him forward and sheathing his cock into her impossibly tight depths in one smooth motion. 

"Indeed," Heart groaned, and ground his pelvis against the witch, laying her back on the bed so he had an unimpeded view of their joining. Gripping her shoulders, Heart watched as he withdrew himself from Lana's cunt. His cock was drenched with her juices and made a wet, sucking sound as he roughly thrust back inside. 

"Yessss," Lana groaned and threw her head back, racking her nails down his shoulders and triceps, leaving red trails in their wake, "Stella..." The witch waved her hand and Stella made a surprised gasp before walking over to stand beside Heart as he thrust into Lana. 

Unbidden, and to Heart's great surprise, Stella climbed onto the bed and knelt over Lana, positioning her head between hers and Heart's bodies. Opening her mouth she captured one of Lana's nipples between her lips and began to suck and nip, causing Lana to arch her back and moan while Heart looked on in mild amazement. 

"Don't stop," Lana sighed and Heart realized that he had slowed his thrusting at some point, "More!" 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

With Lana's nipple between her teeth and one of her hands traveling down Lana's soft belly toward her clit, Stella could only feel an overwhelming sense of lust rather than the disgust and fear she knew she should have instead.

One minute she had been watching what she assumed was a self-serving plan to distract Lana on the part of Captain Heart, the next she was overcome with the unquenchable need to join them. 

"Mmmm," Lana mewled as Stella's fingers found her clit, right next to the spot where Heart continued to pound his cock between Lana's plump lips. Stella could feel the hard length of him each beneath her palm each time Heart entered Lana. The only thing she could think of was having that cock somewhere else -- filling her with its delicious length instead of Lana. 

Stella stole a glance up at the pirate, who was eyeing her with a bizarre combination of confusion and arousal. His eyes trailed downward to where both he and Stella worked together to bring Lana to orgasm, and she saw a shift in his movements as he was overcome with his own feelings of lust. 

"Yes...yes...yes...yes," Lana cried along with each thrust of Heart's cock, "Don't stop. Fuck!" 

Stella sat up and watched as the witch's orgasm washed over her body. She bucked and writhed beneath Heart, running her fingernails town his arms and back and pulling him closer to their joining. Cream dripped out from between them, filling the room with the spicy aroma of sex as Heart pulled himself out of Lana with a tiny 'pop' and got onto the bed to join the witches. 

Still plagued by the unexplained state of arousal, Stella moved across the bed toward Heart, who had propped himself up against a pile of pillows, as if driven by animal instinct. His chest was heaving and slicked with sweat and his gleaming cock stood proudly at full attention between his thighs. Throwing one leg over his so she could straddle Heart's thighs, Stella sat up and removed her skirt before positioning herself over his lap and dropping down. A mixture of Stella's own arousal and the coating Lana's cunt had deposited on Heart's cock made the entry smooth and spine tingling. 

"Goddess!" Stella groaned and steadied herself against Heart's iron chest as she began to ride him slowly by lifting her hips. 

This was a much different encounter than the one she had just earlier that day, right after being taken from the Charon. This time Stella gave herself to the captain freely rather than fight her feelings. Although she knew she was enchanted, Stella could not help but give in fully to the sensations Heart was bringing her -- the hard steel of his chest beneath her fingers, the strong grip of his fingers on her hips, and the impossible fullness of his cock it stretched her walls with each aching thrust. 

"Wait...," Heart moaned as if remembering something, but meeting the roll of Stella's hips with his own rather than slowing down. 

"No...," Stella whispered and leant in to kiss the pirate, tangling her tongue roughly with his to silence his protests as she rubbed her half-clothed body against his, "I need this..." 

Heart returned the kiss eagerly, pulling Stella tighter against him and thrusting even harder into her. With each movement, Stella's clit ground against his pelvis, bringing her spiraling toward release. Everything about what they were doing was wrong. Stella had planned on fighting Heart's advances until he killed her -- but this feeling was too hard to overcome. She craved a release that only the mad pirate could bring her. 

Stella came with a cry, her insides clenching around the velvet heat of Heart's cock buried deep inside of her as it reached places that no man had ever seemed to before. 

Stella didn't stop her movements against Heart, trying to bring the pirate to his own release so she could feel him fill her -- enjoy it like she had not been able to earlier. 

"Fuck," Heart moaned and came into Stella, throwing his head back and groaning. The shots of cum triggered another orgasm in the witch, and their combined pleasure overflowed her cunt until it leaked around them, staining the sheets and Heart's pelvis. 

After Heart was spent, Stella pulled herself off him and knelt on the bed, staring down at her thighs and trying to collect her thoughts. After her orgasm had passed completely, clarity began to return in small increments. What had she been doing? There was Lana and Heart...and then she had joined...and then Heart...
