 Carlita yawned and stretched back in her chair was the ship cruised along quietly. They were on the edge of a new solar system with a hundred and fifty colonists in the ship. Their mission was to colonize a new planet discovered by scouts a number of months back. The Earthen scouts had deemed it livable and already good for colonization. It had a small group of natives living on it, but they were primitive and friendly. They had given the scouts presents and had, by some miraculous chance, spoken a language that was similar to english.

"Captain, what do you think it'll be like?" Carlita looked sideways to her mother and co-captain, Christine.

"A lot of hard work, but it'll be exciting." Christine smiled, standing up from her chair, "What's our time?"

"Sixteen minutes to planetside." The Carlita said.

"Good." Christine smiled, "You can handle it. I'm gonna get a drink."

Being a colony ship, they had next to no weapons and the entire ship could really be flown by a single person. They had a cargo bay full of colonization gear and a two years worth of supplies. A resupply ship and another group of colonists would be sent in the coming months once they had a successful colony built.

Carlita sighed and sat forward, looking over the pilot screen. Her family was hired by the government to bring this colony and help lead it. She and her mother were skilled pilots, her father was the ship's engineer and her brother was his apprentice.

As much of a family as they were, Carlita looked like her father and James, her brother, looked like his mother. Both his mother and he were slim, short and had blonde hair. Carlita was her father's daughter, taller and dark brunette hair. Her father Lucas was a skilled man of forty-seven, hale and tall. He had graying hair, but in a way that he looked more handsome than ever.

"Alright, so here we go." Christine said, returning a minute later, "One way trip down. Once we land, we won't have enough fuel to get off the planet."

"No kidding. Well we've been traveling for three months. We knew this was coming and it's gonna feel so good to get out of this ship." Carlita sighed, looking at their new home ahead.

The planet, dubbed Colony Delta, is the fourth colony settled by Earth in the last six years. It is a blue planet much like earth, even if the continents looked entirely different. The land was green, there were fluffy white clouds in the air and three moons circled the small rock. It was actually about half the size of the Earth and the moons were little more than round asteroids, dubbed C-1, C-2 and C-3. Their target was a large forested area about three miles from the native's home. They needed to be within range for trading and interaction. The scout's initial meeting had gone so well that the government decided they could be good allies and eventually be assimilated into the colony, provided their intelligence could increase sufficiently.

At least that's what everyone had planned. But people know what happens to plans when there are unexpected things involved and these natives are entirely that, unexpected.

"Decent in three minutes. Will all passangers find a secure location. Gravity will be reintroduced and you have been trained for the change. Things will be strange being under the effect of gravity again, but if you have followed your excercise regiments and eaten your vitamin suppliments, you will be just fine." Christine spoke over the ships intercom as they reached Colony Delta's gravitational field.

The ship began to follow a carefully plotted course down into it's atmosphere. Their colony ship was large, very large. It had been built in space and wasn't meant for flight in gravity. This would be little more than a controlled fall, but if they were to succesfully set up their new colony, they would need the ship's power systems, life support systems and recycling machines. It had been designed to be able to land once and only once. Using powerful chemical rockets on it's underbelly, the great cylindrical ship would fall into the atmosphere and descend just slowly enough that the impact shouldn't break anything.

"Here we go!" Carlita exclaimed excitedly as the front screen lit with the bright orange glow of atmospheric entry. The roaring sound of friction slowly grew in intensity around them as air rubbed on the ship at supersonic speeds.

"And we're free! Carlita, fire the descent arrestors in three!" Christine ordered as she directed the ship's computer.

"Firing!" Carlita announced and the ship's speed slowed rapidly, powerful rockets burning all along the bottom and sides of the ship. The RCS systems on the ship did it's best to keep it upright as it slowed down.

"Impact!" Christine called, holding tight to the arms of her chair.

There was a bone-rattling collision as the ship touched down. It crashed into the thick, lush trees and ground forward along the long valley. After a half-mile of digging up dirt, it finally shuddered to a halt. They were rattled about as everything stopped moving, leaving the huge black tube ship sitting still among the trees.

"We're down. Alright. Will all the colonists please go to your designated posts. Begin off-load procedures and start to clear a surrounding area for colonization." Christine announced over the ship's comm a minute later, having waited for her heart to stop pounding.

"Whoa! What a rush! Hey! Gravity! This is great!" Carlita exclaimed happily as she leapt out of her chair. It was both oppressing and relaxing to jump up and actually come back down. Their ship had little to no gravity in space and their muscles were only used on specially made zero-gee exercise gear meant to stave off atrophy.

"Yes it is. Come on, let's go see how everything is doing." Christine sighed, rubbing her face before getting up.

*******

Carlita was standing with her father behind the ship. The colonists had worked hard at clear-cutting and stacking the wood from a quarter-mile of trees around the ship. They used a number of laser saws and some heavy-load augmentation suits that let them cut and stack the entire trees with exceptional efficiency.

Lucas had wavy graying brunette hair and a chiseled jaw. His eyes were sharp and he had a certain air of pride about him, knowing that he was the father and leader of an entire new colony of humans.

"Quite an impact, wouldn't you say honey?" Lucas chuckled, looking at the long, twenty-foot deep trench left behind the ship's impact. It was the best way they could manage for getting a long term colony ship down to the surface. The government wasn't interested in getting the ship back, nor interested in spending any money they didn't have to on it. So a controlled crash was deemed the best way to get them to the surface.

"I think it'll take some time to get used to standing upright again." Carlita chuckled, bouncing on her heels. The tight one-piece space suit she wore felt strange with gravity on it. She wouldn't say anything, but her breasts even felt weird because of the pull of gravity.

"But it's a new start my dear. You are the first of many to grow up on this planet. Humans. We're getting out there. No one global disaster can ever destroy the human race. We'll survive now and forever." Lucas sighed, scratching his three-day growth of a gray beard.

"I love you daddy." Carlita sighed, giving him a hug before going back to the ship with him.

*******

Two days had passed and the colony was taking shape. Since the landing, the colonists had still been sleeping and doing all their daily necessities on the ship while they built the buildings and things. Their intial homes were made of a mix of the wood they cut down and metal they were disassembling from the ship's exterior. This was the way these colonies worked. They would build the colony from both local resources and tear apart the ship itself to construct it. Even the ship's power core would eventually be disconnected and rebuilt as a generator in a different building. Anything and everything of use would be taken apart and used.

"Hey, what's that?" Carlita asked, pointing at the edge of the colony, currently only a waist-high wooden fence. There were six dark skinned humanoids standing there. They looked very human, but they only wore leather loincloths and they carried barbaric weapons.

"I think it's the natives. Let me go speak with them." Christine said, turning from the large metal panel she was screwing to the frame of their home.

"I want to come." Carlita said eagerly, following her mother.

Lucas kept the other colonists back and working while the mother and daughter headed across to the fence.

"Greetings." Christine called to them as they looked at her.

"Hello ones from the sky. We greet you with our reverence and our obedience." The woman in front said.

"Mom... They're half-naked." Carlita whispered, seeing the woman's quite ample breasts. She was a bit surprised to see this native have such a voluptuous and sexy body. Her breasts were easily that of a porn actor and her nipples were large and perky. Two other women and three men stood behind the lead woman. Carlita squeaked in surprise when she realized that the men's loincloths were merely for show because they did almost nothing to hide the size of their genitals. In fact the small piece of leather seemed to just curve around their shafts, exemplifying the girth while their glans just hung freely out the bottom.

"Shhh. Hello. We are colonists come to share your wonderful world. We are from Earth, we are humans. My name is Christine." Christine said slowly.

"Greetings Christine. I am Keltah. I am here on behalf of my village and my people. We are the Aphrodisia. Please, come to our village. We will share with you our food and give you many gifts. We wish to be peaceful with ones as powerful as yourselves." The woman said, laying her spear at Christine's feet.

"We wish peace too. If you will allow me, I will go get my husband and son. We will come to your village and meet your people." Christine nodded and Keltah stood up.

"I am overjoyed to hear your acceptance of peace. Let our friendship be an everlasting and prosperous relation." Keltah said happily, spreading her arms wide.

"You stay here for a moment hon, I'll be back in a second." Christine said, hurrying away.

"But mom..." Carlita started, holding up a hand, "Umm... Hi there... I... I'm Carlita."

"Hello Carlita. I am Keltah." Keltah introduced herself again, "If I may say so, your people must be very, very powerful to live up in the sky as you do. What makes you fall to the planet and live here?"

"We don't live in the sky. We live on another world like this one that is far away." Carlita explained and the natives all gasped in surprise. Their eyes were wide and they looked at one another hurriedly.

"This is very shocking news! There are other lands out there in the sky? You must be very strong if you can jump from your land to ours! We welcome you eagerly. Maybe one day you will teach us how you do such things!" Keltah exclaimed in pure awe.

"Well... It's not really jumping... it's a rocket. It flies through space." Carlita said and the natives started in shock.

"You know how to fly?! This is amazing! You are like birds, soaring through the skies from one land to another! What I would give to know the secret to flying. I would love to soar through the skies and clouds above!" Keltah exclaimed joyously.

"Yes... Well... I..." Carlita mumbled, having trouble not looking at the male native's large cocks. They had such dark skin and they looked so exotic. She had never seen a cock that almost reached someone's knees before. For that matter, she had never actually seen a cock that wasn't related to her.

In an attempt to look away from the native's dicks, she looked at the woman next to Keltah and screamed in surprise. Hanging from her crotch was also a dick of equal size.

"What is wrong? Have we offended you somehow?" Keltah asked quickly.

"No! No... it's just... We... our people... we are more modest, we don't show off our bodies so much." Carlita said.

"Oh I apologize! Please, accept my apologies. My people will cover our bodies from now on! We had no idea we offended you so!" Keltah dropped to her knees as she begged for forgiveness. The other natives did the same, bowing their heads to her.

"No! No! That's not it! You can wear what you want! Please stand up! You haven't offended me. I just... I was surprised at the other woman there... she also has... has a... you know." Carlita stammered, pointing nervously at her.

"She is also an impregnator? Yes, she is one of the blessed few to be both father and mother to her offspring." Keltah said, looking at the other woman.

"I am Taliyo." The woman said, pulling her loincloth aside to expose her long, thick cock. Unlike the men, she didn't have any balls and by Keltah's statement, Carlita assumed she had a pussy hiding behind that magnificent cock.

"Whoa! Hello there!" Lucas exclaimed in surprise when he stepped next to Carlita, "Quite the natives we have on this planet, huh?"

"Y... Yea..." Carlita mumbled, quickly looking at her feet with a beet-red face.

"I am Lucas, I am the leader of this colony. Good to meet you." Lucas said, holding out his hand.

"I am Keltah... I apologize, here take my weapon." Keltah said, mistaking the handshake for a request. She held her spear out to him.

"No, no. I meant for you to shake it." Lucas chuckled.

"Uhhh..." Keltah said in confusion, shaking her spear up and down.

"I'm sorry. I should've explained. On our world, to greet one another, you clasp hands together for a moment." Lucas smiled.

"Okay." Keltah said, shaking his hand with a bit of awkwardness.

"So anyway, this is my son James. I believe you already met my wife and daughter. As soon as you're ready, we can go." Lucas said.

"This way." Keltah said, leading them towards a dirt path. They walked through the gap in the fence and followed them. Carlita was having a problem not looking at all there naked asses though because their loincloths only covered the front. Both the men and the women had taut, well-shaped backsides.

A couple of minutes later, they came to a large clearing. A rather large village was splayed out before them, made of single room wooden huts and thatched roofs. It was definitely a primitive's home.

"This way to the village hall. Our evening meal has been prepared and we would be honored to have you with us." Keltah said with a smile.

*******

Half way through dinner, Carlita couldn't stand it anymore. She got to her feet quickly.

"What's wrong?" Lucas looked up at her.

"Bathroom." Carlita said, hurrying for the door.

Outside, she ran almost headlong into someone.

"Waaah~!" The woman cried in surprise as she fell back on the ground.

"Sorry!" Carlita squeaked in surprise, looking down. Taliyo was lying back on the ground, her cock laying between her legs in plain sight.

"No, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to be in your way." Taliyo said, quickly scrambling to her feet.

"Ohh... God... How..." Carlita mumbled, stepping further outside, "How do you people... I mean... how are you born... with that."

She blushed and pointed at Taliyo's crotch.

"For as long as my kind has been here, each generation has had a blessed few with both kinds of bodies." Taliyo said quickly.

"Can... Can I see it? Well... I mean, can we go somewhere so I can look at it?" Carlita asked.

"We could go to my hut." Taliyo said, leading her through the village.

She brought her to a small hut hidden back near some trees. Inside was just a simple little room with a straw mattress and a wooden shelf of primitive tools. Turning to Carlita, she untied her loincloth and let it fall on the ground. Carlita's eyes widened in surprise at the unobstructed view of her magnificent shaft.

"Wow. It's so... so thick... and... the veins..." Carlita stammered, kneeling before her, "Can I touch... Can I touch it?"

"Do what you want. I'll gladly pleasure you however you want." Taliyo smiled and nodded.

Carlita put her hand on the cock and lifted it's immense size up. She looked over the amazing thing and put her tongue against it. The taste was wonderful and she sucked on it eagerly. Taliyo moaned loudly and her cock hardened rapidly. Reaching up, Carlita slipped a finger into the woman's pussy, making her cry out in pleasure.

She felt Taliyo's hands on her head and the cock shoved deeper down her throat. A moan was stifled by the sheer size of it and her fingers pushed deeper.

"Ahhh~! That feels amazing!" Taliyo moaned happily, throwing her head back.

"Mmmm... Ahh!" Carlita gasped loudly as she pulled back from the cock.

"I'm cumming!" Taliyo called out, her cock jerking as her pussy convulsed. A huge blast of cum splattered over Carlita's face, filling her mouth in moments. It ran down her cheeks and dripped off her jaw. She swallowed the thick seed and gave a happy sigh.

"Oh god that tasted good. I've never seen someone cum as much as you did. You really are wet too." Carlita moaned, looking at her soaked fingers.

"I'm glad I made you happy." Taliyo said, bowing her head respectfully, "Is there anything else I could do?"

"Oh god yes, fuck me!" Carlita said, looking up eagerly. She yanked the zipper down the front of her one-piece suit and pulled it open.

"I'd be overjoyed to!" Taliyo exclaimed, lifting her cock as it grew erect in a split-second.

Carlita pulled her suit down to her thighs and bent over, exposing her hot, wet pussy to the dark-skinned native. She felt her thick cock nudge against her pussy and shove inside.

"Oh yes! So big!" Carlita cried happily, moaning at the top of her lungs. She put her hands on the wall and steadied herself, feeling the immense shaft sink deeper into her. She cried and screamed, having problems keeping herself upright as she was speared.

"Here, let me." Her partner said, grasping Carlita's thighs. In an impressive feat of strength, she lifted up her legs and sank the cock even deeper into her. She was held close as the cock drove deep in and out of her cunt. Her juices splattered everywhere, causing her breasts to bounce up and down with the wild momentum. Her tongue lolled out of her mouth and she drooled spit down her chin.

"More... More... yes..." Carlita cooed happily, bouncing wildly on the huge cock. She felt her entire body shudder and cry out with ecstasy, making her cum loudly. Her cunt clenched on the thick, veiny monster inside her and she felt a huge eruption of spunk fill her womb. Taliyo moaned as she came with her, thrusting eagerly and pumping more with each.

"Your body feels so good inside!" Taliyo moaned, thrusting again before setting her down on the straw mattress.

"Ahhh... So wonderful..." Carlita sighed, weakly.

*******

"If I may impose. We have a gift for you and your son." Keltah said, standing up from the table.

"Well thank you." Lucas said, nodding to her. Keltah untied and dropped her loincloth, exposing her body. Lucas raised his eyebrows in surprise and James' mouth fell open. He had already spent much of the meal staring at her breasts anyway, the sight of her pussy was glorious.

"And we do have another for you if you so desire." Keltah said, waving a hand to her right.

A large man walked in, naked and erect with a foot long cock before him. He was chiseled and statuesque, the epitome of the male form.

"Oh my!" Christine squeaked, staring in awe at his cock and apple-sized testicles. Precum was beading on his tip and slowly rolling down it. As she watched it roll down, she slowly licked her lips.

"Well... Well we can't... we can't be turning down their gifts. It is... is their custom." Lucas stammered, his face reddening.

"Yes... I agree." Christine nodded.

"Good! Let me pleasure you and your son." Keltah said, kneeling down before Lucas.
