 "I'm coming for you mother," Bliss whispered to herself. The scrying pool was formed of near-boiling quicksilver, ringed in flames. Bliss could have bathed in such, had she any desire. Her body was inviolate to fire. Her unnatural, wretched body. 

"Did you say something, dear?" asked a voice of silk, managing to convey concern, sleepiness, and lust in equal parts. Bliss glanced over at Penitent, where she lay on her couch.

"Not you," Bliss snapped, and pointed at the scrying pool, "Her!"

Penitent dutifully looked. The familiar ache came to her groin, the same one that always appeared when she looked on old lovers. Ailztirea. Penitent sighed.

"Do you need you pussy licked again?" She couldn't keep the hope out of her voice. Bliss was getting to a very difficult age for half-demons. Or something. In any event, Penitentia hadn't had a chance to employ her skilled tongue in far too long.

"No!" Bliss shrieked, "I want to get back at the woman responsible for THIS!" As she said it, Bliss gestured at her body with both hands, spreading her wings for emphasis.

Once again, Penitent looked where directed. She drank in the sight. Bliss was tall, a few inches over six feet, nearly seven from the top of her horns, a full head taller than Penitent. Her hair shone like white silk. Glowing eyes, almond-shaped, with perfect snow-white brows. Skin like polished ebony, shining like oil, seemingly darker than the darkest night, but somehow her beautiful nipples were two spots of darker color yet. Long-limbed, curvaceous and muscular at the same time, every part of her speaking of dark beauty and vitality.

The bat-like wings, fangs, horns, spade-tipped devil's tail, and hooves could not detract from her appeal- except in her own eyes. Infernal lust had Penitent hypnotized, and she began to cross the distance to Bliss, intent on falling to her knees in front of the object of her desire.

Strong hands gripped her shoulders, holding her at arms' reach. Penitent whined, an animal sound. It wasn't fair! The stare she angled up at Bliss' face would have melted any mortal's heart. The musk that wafted from her body would have left a man drooling. Not a half-demon, however. Bliss wasn't easy. Even more than her delicious physical charms, the fact that she couldn't be seduced by a glance, a gesture, and spread legs made her all the more desirable. If a mortal somehow managed to resist the charms of a succubus, as Bliss had just done, they still might find that the sex-demon could hold them down and haver way regardless. Not so with Bliss. She was strong, strong beyond belief, and here in this little pocket of Hell, her home plane, Penitent couldn't turn to smoke to escape her grip. 

"Be nice to me, dear. I'm not used to not getting my way. You know what the sight of your body does to me." As she spoke in soothing, dulcet tones, her tail snaked its way up Bliss' thigh and tickled her at the core of her sex.

"My body is an abomination!" Bliss vented, though her conviction -and her grip- slipped and allowed Penitent to entwine herself around her.

"The only thing wrong with your body is too much tension right HERE!" Penitent pinched Bliss' clit between thumb and forefinger as she finished her assertion. Bliss went rigid, only her trembling thighs moving at all. Penitent's other hand grasped Bliss at the base of her neck, hard, further paralyzing her. At least she could play rough with the half-demon girl. As she rolled the swollen button of flesh between her fingers, Penitent could feel the anger and frustration begin to drain from Bliss' body.

"Truly, you were named in irony, you bitchy girl," Penitent stated evenly, moving her lips to Bliss' ear, nibbling and sucking between sentences. "That stupid cunt you're watching in the mirror-pool had next-to-nothing to do with your birth, and nothing at all with your life."

Bliss whimpered, her anger being slowly dismantled by the expert massage of Penitent's fingers on her womanhood.

"Who birthed you? Who suckled you at her milkless tits? Who has kept you safe these last two decades?"

"You did," groaned Bliss.

"That's right, I did. Not the elven baggage in the mirror. I didn't save you just because I enjoy the sweet pleasures of incest so much, either," Penitent's voice rose in a crescendo through her rant, then dropped to a lusty whisper, then continued, "Although I do enjoy it."

The succubus' fingers had strummed Bliss' clit in a wicked accompaniment to her words, a melody at least intricate as any opera.

"Twenty years I've spent hiding you, and that is nothing next to the time I would be punished for keeping a delicious morsel like you from my masters."

Her fingers continued to move like a lute player's, picking out an angry tune on her daughter's flesh. A certain sign language was going on below, a separate conversation. Penitent was more adept at reading Bliss' moods from the feel of her throbbing clit than by the look on her face.

"You, on the other hand, might suffer no longer than a century before they used you up."

Promises of death and torture above, sweet caresses below, and Bliss was finally starting starting to live up to her name. Her body had been tensing like a drawn bow, the succubus turning her anger and frustration into lust, a different sort of tension, and one she knew how to relieve. Not that she would. Not right away. Bliss was offending her with these all-too-frequent moods, and her developing powers were making her arrogant.

"You are in Hell, you dumb slut. Do you really think that being stronger than ME is enough to keep you safe? Ten heartbeats later, and it didn't matter anymore. A demon prince would crush your will and mind with nought but a glance, and believe me, word of your unique charms would reach them within hours of my concealing magic failing. Even another succubus, any of them other than me, would be drinking your blood right now. At least you would die in the ecstasy of orgasm."

Bliss was crying, her tears steaming slightly on her cheeks. Penitent licked them from her face, holding her on the edge of release as her thighs flexed to bring her hungry hips to bear on the source of her pleasure.

"Yes, they'd drink your pretty blood just like that. Your sweet half-mortal blood. A rare treat."

Penitent's anger was now fully aroused, and she meant to teach Bliss a lesson. Fully immersed in lust, Bliss was helpless to object when she felt a familiar intrusion.