 Bliss was on the edge of climax, and Penitent's centuries of experience in seduction let her extend the sweet torture almost indefinitely. Her nether parts were spasming, her body locked upright but shaking, and Penitent grinned wickedly as she flexed her muscles to roll the spade-like tip of her tail like a leaf of smokeweed. It was the succubus' tail that Bliss had felt intruding upon her body, and not in the way she longed to be penetrated.

"So strong, so angry, and now so helpless. You could flex that beautiful little asshole too tight for me to get in... you must WANT me to!" Penitent teased. In truth, Bliss' sphincter was flexing in little pre-orgasmic pulses, and she couldn't keep the pseudo-phallus out. This was a game that Penitent had played with her before. It was uncomfortable, but manageable, when her tail went in, but once there, she would unroll the hand-sized tip, and Bliss would be forced to do her bidding or suffer the pain of having it withdrawn in that state. It slid in, filling her. Bliss even felt a little bit of pleasure, as she wanted to be filled, just not that particular hole. Penitent had ravaged her in many ways, and pleasured her at least twice as often, but her virginity was still technically intact. Penitent thought it might be a useful bargaining chip if the future turned dire. Other than never having been with a man or man-demon, Bliss was becoming a very accomplished sexual acrobat, since it was the core of her mother's life. 

"Now, even though you haven't in any way earned it, you may come." Penitent murmured, and rubbed just a little bit faster on Bliss' clit, enhancing instead of disrupting the waves of orgasm that had been trying to wash over Bliss' body for the past few minutes. The succubus tightened her grip on Bliss' neck, squeezing as hard as she could, for she couldn't hurt the girl. Bliss stayed on her feet, but shook as if in convulsions. Penitent felt the strong muscles of her daughter's ass squeezing her tail several times, almost painfully, and knew that it had been a powerful climax. Bliss felt the grip release her neck, but she stayed on her feet, the slightest movement sending more twitches through her and the intruding tail now impossible to ignore. Her rebellious mood had dissipated, but she didn't feel much better. Just empty. Except for her ass.

Penitent didn't give her much time to brood. She didn't have much experience with angsty teens, being a demon and all, but she knew that Bliss' moods were dangerous, and annoying. She snapped her tail, and Bliss involuntarily moved in the direction Penitent wanted her to.

"Look into that pool, you slut." Bliss had no choice; the appendage in her twitching bowel would brook no argument.

Ailztirea's cruel but beautiful face was still visible in the scrying pool. Pain and hate caused Bliss to hiss like a snake.

"That is NOT your mother, I am." Penitent's tail began to move back and forth, fucking her daughter slowly but mercilessly.

"She did nothing but bring your father and I together."

"I KNOW!" Bliss screamed, then continued softer, "...and I hate her for that."

"You dare insult me like that?" Penitent was also losing control of her emotions; Bliss would be sore for a week.

"I'm not capable of love, but I do feel pride in what I was able to make from the seed your father shot into me. My jealousy and possessiveness are also strong, as is my lust for you. Your sweet, silky black body is something that I have taken very extreme risks to keep around."

Penitent was pushing Bliss' face almost to the surface of the silvery pool, her tail pumping with all the force she was capable of. As it was not a sexual organ, there was really no end in sight for Bliss. She continued to speak, but in a language so vile that Bliss wouldn't even be able to remember it later- which was fortunate for her.

"I won't listen to more of your talk about hating what you are, or wanting revenge on the woman who brought about your conception," Penitent stated evenly, once she had vented enough of her anger to do so.

"What is there for me? I don't go anywhere or do anything!" Bliss grunted through the pain.

"You are twenty years old, bitch! Your father's people aren't mature until thirty, and my species is immortal. You are a child by any measure except that of your bustline!"

Mentioning it reminded her of it, and Penitent began running her hands over Bliss' bountiful curves, relishing in the soft skin that covered steely-smooth muscles over her whole body, except for her deliciously pliable breasts. She applied her knowledge of lust and pleasure with new urgency, making every part of Bliss' body sing with renewed arousal, except her poor, abused bottom.

"You are my slave for now, but I am training you for better things. When you have learned to protect yourself, I will let you loose on the mortal realm, to glut yourself on sex or violence an you choose."

Sick promises worked nearly as well as tender stroking, and Bliss felt another orgasm approaching.