 ****Note*****

Bliss' story was created based around a sketch of her that I drew. If anyone would like to see it, leave a comment telling me so, and how to upload it, and I will incorporate it into Ch. 4.

**************

Bliss' stomach wrenched as she felt her body slipping out of her control. The succubus' fingers were touching her everywhere, lighting fires that could only be quenched in ecstasy. Her anger was gone, and the satisfying climax she had already gone through had addressed the frustration she felt, but this loss of her free will brought about a sense of desperation. Pentitent enjoyed forcing her to respond; very few creatures had ever given even token resistance to her powers of seduction. Now she was being teased. The devil's tail was pumping in and out of her asshole, a painful and uncomfortable violation that Penitent nevertheless knew exactly how to do in a way that both enhanced Bliss' arousal and delayed the final release. The demon probably could have even found a rhythm that would make her climax just from the anal penetration, but Penitent rarely saw a reason to carry out her games in so simple a fashion. Her lips suckled on Bliss' neck, sharp, dainty little fangs nipping her, drawing perhaps a drop or two of blood. Her hands ran up and down the half-demon's body, still exploring all the wondrous curves. The succubus pressed as much of her rosy-pink skin as she could to the ebon-hued body of her daughter.

Long familiarity with her body let Penitent manipulate Bliss into another pre-orgasmic state quickly and efficiently. In a few minutes, she was in the sweet torture that could lead to climax if permitted. Only her ass and lurching stomach protested; all other parts of her seemed hungry and anxious for the ecstasy that Penitent would inflict. A human observer might have thought that Penitent was still trying to torment Bliss, to dominate her and teach her a lesson, but a creature of Lust like her was often governed by emotion. Though she was a sentient, logical being, Penitent was at that moment completely engulfed in the joy of sensual excess. She could feel rather than hear Bliss' moans against her lips, and every caress of her fingers or pump of her tail led to Bliss' delicious body twitching against her. Penitent reveled in the feeling of half-mortal flesh pressed against hers, suspended in a place between pleasure and pain. Bliss would be tormented until Penitent couldn't stand to delay seeing her orgasm any longer, and not a thought would be given to how the half-demon girl felt about it. She couldn't change her nature, couldn't even regret not being able to change it. She gave her daughter what she would; demons don't deal in 'could's or 'should's. 

Artistically working fingers brought the symphony of pain and lust to another crescendo, then gradually brought it back down just before the point of climax, more sweet torture for the misnamed girl. Soon, she would feel her namesake, but not a moment before Penitent willed it. Another time, and then another, Bliss' body trying as hard as it could to reach the ecstasy of orgasm that was so close, but Penitent had been seducing mortals for thousands of years, and knew exactly what she was doing. Finally, she wanted to feel the convulsing muscles and hear the shrieking moans, so she strummed her fingers furiously over Bliss clit, no longer dancing on the threshold, but charging right through. Blood ran in lines over Bliss' neck as the succubus' control slipped, and her other hand clutched and squeezed one dark breast vigorously.

Bliss' every muscle seemed to contract and fight the ones around it, her body tearing at itself in pain and pleasure. Thighs flexing, ass clenching and trying to expel the invader, breasts heaving and mouth screaming, Bliss finally reached her peak of release. As the waves of pulsing pleasure continued to wash over her, Penitent gripped her snowy-white mane and pointed her face once more towards the pool. Just as the face of the hated Ailztirea registered in her mind, her own face was shoved roughly downwards, shattering the image and splashing the quicksilver. A human's face would have been boiled off by this, but to Bliss it was no more distressing than a hot bath. After a few moments, her paralyzing orgasm began to subside, and she pushed back, finally resisting her mother.

Bliss straightened and turned to face Penitent, the motion reminding her of the leash formed by the succubus' tail in her ass. Her face must have shown this, for Penitent smiled and remarked:

"Yes, remember that I still control you. Calm yourself. I will take it out after I've given you one more orgasm, and after you give me one. Then we will talk. I want you calm and rational, daughter."

Penitent's mothering centered around the benefits of orgasmic release, but everyone sticks to what they know if possible. She saw doubt on Bliss' face, so continued.

"I promise to be good. No more pain, just sweet kisses. I'll lick your pussy like you should have let me do in the first place, and then I'll let you lick mine, however slowly or quickly you want."

Bliss followed when Penitent moved to her couch, still tethered by the succubus' tail. Words were replaced with gentle coos of encouragement and gestures, giving way quickly to gentle strokes over her sore body. Bliss was guided into a supine position, and her thighs raised by her mother's strong hands (not nearly as strong as her own, but still supernaturally superior to most mortals). The gentle strokes became a gentle massage, restoring sore muscles and relaxing jittery nerves. When her tongue touched Bliss' vulva, it was in the same vein, a gentle washing to revive her taxed womanhood. Her long dark body stretched a little farther backwards as she rested, enjoying the attention and slowly reaching the state she was named after. Her mother was good at what she did, and Bliss would return the favor with enthusiasm and respect. Penitent deserved it. Someday, Bliss thought to herself, she would be ready to leave, and she would be armed with all the erotic and magical skill that Penitent had to teach. Her incredible strength would be a crude last resort when all else failed, not the sum of her abilities and personality. She still plotted revenge on her spiritual mother, but the dark elves were a long-lived people, and Bliss could afford to wait.