 The third orgasm was approaching fast, as Penitent was no longer attempting to draw out the process. She had rubbed new life into Bliss' limbs, and was now licking her clit with abandon. The succubus' appetite had been awakened, and she ate Bliss hungrily, a demonstration of how she wanted it done to her in turn. Her dainty fangs were pinning Bliss' labia open, allowing her supernaturally gifted tongue to pleasure her daughter's plump, worn-out clit. The pinprick pain held Bliss, daring her to move, and she could barely keep from writhing. The slightly uncomfortable pressure did not constitute a breaking of Penitent's promise in her mind, as it was very erotically stimulating. Soon, the rhythmic pre-orgasmic pulses began again. Penitent felt her tail being squeezed, a sensation that started out soft and pleasant and quickly became much more intense. It actually made her wish she had a real phallus to violate Bliss' ass. She also wished that she could whisper in Bliss' ear and eat her pussy at the same time. It took a little extra concentration, but she eventually managed to solidify her thoughts enough to send a telepathic string of dirty talk straight to Bliss' brain, an innate ability of her kind that was rarely used.

'I can feel your ass massaging me, daughter, you whore, oh yes, a demon prince would love to feel that on his cock, he might never try your pussy at all, you'll remain a virgin forever, your ass is just too sweet, serves you right anyway, slut, chain you face first to the wall, sew your useless mouth shut, fuck your ass hard, fuck it long, fuck it harder and harder, maybe let some slutty succubus lick your cunt to get those muscles flexing, that's the only pleasure you'll get without me, remember that when you worship my pussy with your tongue, you dirty little cunt, with your tight little virgin pussy, and tight little dirty ass'

The words came in a strange rush, but they did their job. Bliss was shaking, and rushing towards orgasm, this time without any pretense of control on either of their parts. Penitent's tongue moved back and forth, faster than any mortal could, as she kept her face pressed to Bliss' bucking crotch. She rode her through the whole climax, licking as fast as she could and swallowing as much of Bliss' pussy juice as she could hold. Two more little lines of blood ran down either side of Bliss' hungry sex-hole, evidence of her mother's recurring loss of control. The half-demon rested, content, and Penitent allowed her to do so until her own need asserted itself too strongly to delay any longer. 

The succubus' hands guided Bliss down off the couch, making room for her to climb up and take her place. A moment of slight jealousy and rage came over Bliss as she gazed up at her mother. Despite her isolated upbringing, she had somehow gotten the idea that dark skin was not beautiful, and the succubus' rosy pale-pink flesh filled her with envy. Penitent, on the other hand, lusted after Bliss' ebon beauty in a way that left very little time for her to wish she looked the same. The succubus closed her eyes, shutting out the sight of her dearest object of lust, trying to remain calm enough to let the dark, troubled girl proceed at her own pace. A slightly cruel, slightly beatific smile touched her lips. She would let Bliss proceed at her own pace, yes, but her tail still skewered the half-demon's ass.

Dark-skinned hands parted pale thighs, and Bliss knelt before the flower of Penitent's womanhood. Not that she was a woman, but she was in her natural form. Succubi can take any form to complete a seduction, and they can drain the life energy from mortals without them feeling anything but sensual abandon, but only in their true form can they reach orgasm. Penitent had earned her current name by pretending to relent of her demonic ways while imprisoned by the priest of a goodly god. First in supplication and false repentance, then in unbridled sexual servitude, she had spent enough time on her knees in those months that her irony-mindful peers stuck her with the name. Sometimes she went by the more formal-sounding Penitentia, and on the rare times she returned to the physical realm since Bliss' birth, she often went by Penny. The story of her naming was one of great pride for her, as she had seduced a powerful mortal spell-caster with his full knowledge of her Hellish nature the entire time. However, he had sired no half-demon child on her, and when Bliss came along, she was glad that she hadn't let the portly bearded cleric beget her with his undoubtedly ugly offspring.

The priest had not fathered a child on her because he had not survived. In mortals, the seed is important; in demons, it is the spark of life in the mortal parent's soul. Typically, when mortals and demons pillow, there is no spark of life afterwards. Bliss' father had been protected, and had only given a little seed. Penitent could have held back, letting the priest live and bearing his bastard offspring, but sucking his soul out through his throbbing member had been such a pleasurable option, and there was really no gain in not doing it. 

As fluttering kisses worked from the inside of her knees to the juncture of her thighs, Penitent thought back to the day Bliss had been conceived. For her, it had been a happy day; a turnabout of the usual formulaic steps of seduction, and the start of a wonderful (by demon standards) mothering experience. The sex had been the total opposite of the slow, worshipful treatment Bliss was now giving her, but thinking of it nevertheless made her daughter's oral attention all the sweeter. Finally, Bliss had reached her outer labia, suckling at them, licking up and down, her strong, strong hands holding Penitent's thighs apart. Her tongue plunged into the succubus' fragrant hole, tasting pure sex, not sweet, not bitter, not tangy, just sex turned into a flavor. She pumped her face at the demon-pussy, making her tongue act as a small, slippery phallus, teasing the her mother by not giving her clit any attention yet. Penitent struggled to remain patient, to not rush the marvelous job Bliss was doing of prolonging her pleasure. When ebony lips finally sucked the swollen, pearl-like clit towards the pink, tlented tongue, Penitent threw herself fully into the memory, going into a trance of pleasure, once again projecting her thoughts into Bliss' brain.