 'The dark elves, so sensual, so sexy, so uninhibited, yet so repressed, they don't hold back because of morals, for they have none, but rather fear, fear of being vulnerable from lust, and when they do indulge, it is always to excess, for their appetites are dark and ravenous from denial'

Bliss knew all this from before, but she had no choice but to listen to the words in her head. She continued to suckle on Penitent's clit, holding off on pleasuring the succubus with her tongue for the moment.

'Ailztirea was more imaginative than most, more powerful too, matron of her house, ruling as Drow elves rule, crushing rivals, betraying, punishing, insane, wild, with the cruel careful cunning of a spider, she was mother of many daughters, no sons, sacrificed them to the Spider Goddess, always beautiful, nothing could mar her face or figure, I lusted for her like no other, only you are more pleasing to my eyes, daughter, she broke me to her will, forced me, bound me, made me her slave, she was the first to resist my charms, I was allowed to please her, but she kept me muzzled, above and below, with devices of Drowish cunning'

Bliss had heard the story of Penitent's imprisonment under Ailztirea, had obsessed about it even, how an enchanted chastity belt and a locked muzzle had kept all of her orifices blocked. Her hands and breasts, even her tail, were there for use by all within Ailztirea's house, but being on the mortal plane unable to be pleasured or take in the seed of mortals was a horrible blend of starvation and sexual frustration. The muzzle fit like a mask, with a grate over her mouth, and she received countless loads of semen through it, from Drow males and even some from their lowly slaves of other species, but this was mere teasing, with very little beneficial energy for her to absorb. She recalled dozens of encounters with lust-maddened males clawing at her restraints while she hissed and scratched in her own frustration at them not being able to reach her intimate parts. Her body, her musk, her voice, every aspect of her drove them wild, and there was no release. She needed a man's cock in her, needed to draw out the semen while it was still embedded within her, in any of her holes. The stream of semen formed a silvery cord that she could use to draw out a man's soul, but the cord was broken if it passed through air before reaching her needy holes. She could only take in tiny dribbles of their energy, and her other method of feeding, sucking blood, was also impossible.

'She left me that way til I was mad with lust, my passion locked away, and her with the only key, then she brought in Durzai, he of the steely muscles, he played with dangerous magic, made himself stronger than Drow were meant to be, and that magic carried through his seed, daughter, Durzai's child, child of fire and strength, he was her other favored lover, and she wanted to watch us rut for her amusement'

The story of her conception tipped the scales, and Bliss clamped her lips down on the demon's clit, licking without any pretense. Her hands trailed up Penitent's body, her nails leaving red lines on pink flesh. She was seeing the images, feeling a small fraction of her mother's suffering, and hearing her words at the same time. The image of a Drow was projected in her mind, a male version of herself, seven feet tall WITHOUT horns, muscles lean but corded, dark leather armor being shucked for the upcoming task, tattoos of power on his face, a sneer on his lips, as the cruel matron undid the locks binding the creature he was to engage sexually.

"Feed the pathetic creature, Durzai. She is so very hungry."

The words, spoken more than two decades ago, rung in Bliss' mind, in the voice of her hated spiritual mother.

"Must I, Matron? She could be simply starved to death and replaced. The House soldiers would probably prefer a slave they could use properly."

Any other male would have been on very dangerous ground debating his orders from a matron like Ailztirea, but he had given her six daughters, and the game she played now could use a little pretense and repartee. Penitent simply moaned in response.

"The succubus has her uses. I care nothing for the base needs of this House's males. They have use only as convenient places for our enemies to sheathe their swords. You alone in this House have seed worthy of me and my daughters, and I will find another male to replace you if you continue to question my orders."

Durzai was as proud and arrogant as a male Drow could be, but he knew better than to anger his mistress any further.

"I obey, my Matron. This demonic slut will get what she wants."

"No, she won't, fool. She wants your life and soul, a full meal, not a mere morsel like you're going to give her. The stupidity of males makes me glad I did not keep any."

Durzai bowed his head, acceding to her point, as the last of his armor fell away. He was not aroused, but still impressive. His dabbling left him filled with anger and dreams of battle, and passions of the flesh had left his mind for the most part. His slow arousal also brought great staying power, and though Ailztirea claimed he was only around to sire daughters, Penitent and Durzai both knew she lusted after him for more than that. Penitent, with her senses always primed for sex, detected the scent of Ailztirea's arousal wafting from under her skirt; this game was for her viewing pleasure, not the flimsy excuse of giving the succubus sustenance. 

"Here, let me show you one of her uses."

The female dark elf cruelly wrenched one of Penitent's constantly-stiffened nipples, and caught a flood of pussy juice with her other hand that seeped from beneath the chastity belt. Durzai's limp member sprang instantly to life when she slapped the sopping hand beneath his nose, the musk finally working when concentrated enough. The sight of a virile naked male, combined with the promise of her ravenous hunger and lust being satiated, caused her to whine with frustration. 

The image began to break up at that point, as the emotions became too intense for the succubus, but her stream of rushing words came back in a moment.

'Only a little, not enough, we coupled, I pleasured him, took him in my mouth, swallowed his first spurt, he never went soft, I straddled him, two more times he came without withdrawing, his soul began to drain into me, I could feel it, my insides filled with warmth and energy, and the spark of your life was kindled, I've felt it before, but it goes away once the whole soul is consumed, but she stopped me, yanked on the chain around my neck, not enough, not enough, so hungry, so horny, I didn't even come'

Ailztirea had watched carefully as her two favorite lovers sported for her amusement, and put a stop to it when it began to get dangerous. She had pulled Penitent away by a chain on her neck long before the she-demon was satisfied, but not before Durzai had lost a significant portion of his essence. She knew the basics of succubi's vulnerabilities and methods of draining their victims, but she didn't realize that what she had done would result in a child. The drow matron then gave Penitent a single orgasm before locking her sexual organs away again, and the memory of sweet black lips on her clit was reenacted by her own daughter, and Bliss was treated to the intense experience of having the memory of that long-ago orgasm, and the current one, projected directly into her mind. As they both lay entwined in post-orgasmic bliss, Penitent's mind continued to play old memories. Bliss took them in, living through stories that her mother had only told her with crude dead words before. 

The mental link was taxing on the succubus, and she soon fell into a deep sleep, and Bliss kept listening in on her dreams until she also fell asleep. Penitent's descent into sleep was interrupted for a moment as she became aware of the continuation of Bliss' mental eavesdropping, just in time to stop a dire secret from leaking out, and the half-drow, half-demon girl was none the wiser. They both slept the deep sleep of sexual satiation, though it was a luxury for the succubus, not a necessity.