 Bliss dreamed, her own dreams, but from before she could remember. She had spent the first three months of consciousness as a prisoner of the flesh of a prisoner. She had been the instrument of both their escapes, however. Durzai's magical dabbling had translated into his seed, and for the succubus pregnant with his half-demon child, this meant an occasional increase to her own strength. Bliss was aware of her mother's thoughts at that time, which were mostly on how she was being subjected to slow sexual starvation. Even the loads of semen sliding down her throat were commandeered by the child growing in her belly, and she didn't have the means to abort. 

Bliss' couldn't later articulate or understand her pre-birth experiences, but she new that she was unhappy, and she never knew that her belief in her inherent wrongness and inferiority came from her own mother's thoughts. The lust for revenge came from another source entirely. Durzai's emotions at the time of Bliss' conception were incorporated into her very soul, for she inherited no spark of life from Penitent's desolate womb. Later, when it was too late, Penitent would repent truly for the first time in her long, long life, being thankful that Bliss was in her life once she was saved by the magical influence of her strange pregnancy. Penitent had been growing weaker and weaker, but when the unborn demon-child in her womb had become angry, Penitent had as well, and with a strength unknown to her since then, she tore off her magical bindings and fled the mortal plane. 

The easiest means for a demon to flee the mortal plane is to commit suicide, as their bodies there are just a way to interact with other creatures, and they find themselves banished back to Hell. Only on their home planes are demons able to be destroyed. Somehow, Bliss survived, and Penitent found herself still pregnant in Hell. This event indelibly marked Bliss' soul, though she couldn't remember it, and combined with her inherited anger, had formed most of her personality. In a rare state of gratitude, Penitent had decided to keep her once safely back in Hell.

Bliss grew up learning the sensual side of life before taking her first steps. Her unending anger was antithetical to the succubus way of life, but she often inspired it in Penitent with her contrary ways. At all times, her behavior seemed more in line with that of other types of demons. Her mother managed her through an uneasy blend of brute force and seduction, until brute force was no longer an option. 

However, despite her disdain for it, Bliss had a natural talent for seduction, and was resistant to it herself, even against the extraordinarily effective wiles of a sex-demon like Penitent. The succubus, in turn, remembered her treatment in the House of the dark elves, and wondered if anything she could do would prepare her daughter to destroy the object of her hate. Unlike other demons, when succubus finds herself beaten at her own game, she does not plot revenge, but rather sits up and takes notice.

In her sleep, the succubus licked her lips at the memory of the mortal hands that had broken her and forced her. She had once licked Ailztirea's womanhood well enough to sneak a few drops of blood without the elf noticing. It was that memory she held back from Bliss, for it was also a part of her conception. She was actually right to call Ailztirea 'mother,' in a roundabout way, and that angered Penitent the most of all. She knew that Hell would not be Bliss' home for much longer; the girl grew in power every day, and her arrogance followed close on her heels. 

Penitent's suicide marked the beginning of a hundred years of banishment from being summoned to the material world, not long as demons and elves measure the years, but far too long to contain the whirlwind of raw emotion and power that was her daughter. Demons were always trying to escape from Hell, and Penitent had no more favors to call in to get Bliss out. Sometimes literally prostituting herself out, and doing whatever else she could, had allowed her to scrape together enough resources to raise Bliss to adulthood. Her breasts gave no milk, but she could drain her own life-force out through them, a dangerous process for her kind, and it left her in need of other sources of energy. Penitent's experiences had led her to be able to derive pleasure from pain and abuse, but motherhood was the most taxing task she had ever undertaken. As she cradled her now-grown daughter to her prodigious chest, she reflected on the sacrifices she had made, and did not regret them. It wasn't love, but it was as close as the demon could come. 

The succubus wasn't really awake, but as demons don't strictly need to sleep, she couldn't be called asleep either. Her lustful fingers roamed over Bliss' body, almost of their own accord, but without conviction. 

Meanwhile, across the dimensions, Durzai was dreaming of the daughter he never knew. She had come to him often, in his sleep, and he thought that it was a temptation from Hell. The wings, the tail, the horns, and the hooves all made her demonic origins obvious, but she was his physical match in all other ways, and she whispered of death to Ailztirea, a match in personality. Her every movement was grace and strength and sensuality, but sex was never on her mind in his dreams. No, she had the heart of a true warrior, one whose rage fills them, consumes them, but never leads them astray, a righteous wrath to purge the weak and unworthy. She seduced him, mind and soul, without being seductive. He wanted her, a fitting mate, matched in strength and beauty, worthy. 

It was normal amongst the dark elves for males to be subservient to females, but it was so shameful as a warrior of his stature. Event the stately and powerful Ailztirea stood only chest-high to his mighty body, yet he had to submit to her wishes. It seemed obvious that his visions of Bliss would have to be a mere figment, a temptation custom-tailored for him by some Lord of Hell. Her beauty, so Drowish, so Infernal, but so irrelevant to her true nature, was too much for him to believe. Just the same, he wanted her, wanted her badly, and longed for a way to meet this vision in the flesh. 

He was a male whose seed was in demand, but he was required to only service Ailztirea and the five daughters who weren't his. Though all were beautiful, and inventive, none were truly worthy of him, in his private opinion. Every day, he longed for a chance to be with the demonic apparition in his head, a Drow-like beauty with the Infernal lust of the succubus he still remembered. The pleasure had been so intense that he didn't break away even as his soul was draining out through his manhood. Somehow, he had to have her.