 After sleeping a few hours, Penitent slipped out of her embrace with Bliss and crept out into the underworld. Desperation was beginning to claw at the edges of her mind. Her daughter, her pride and joy, would not be able to stay in Hell unnoticed much longer. Finding soul-essence to sustain her was getting harder and harder, and her actions were starting to get her unwanted attention. She'd already had to kill one curious imp, which normally went unremarked, but it wasn't a good sign. A tug went through her groin as she thought of the possibility of selling her daughter for favors from a demon prince. The Black Lord of Sensuality would certainly take an interest... but it was dangerous to think of such things, for if she even thought his name, he would hear. Still, he might not abuse Bliss much, and she would be rewarded. She certainly didn't want to do it, but it might save both their lives. Or just hers.

The Satin Lord would have to be banished from her thoughts. Though the most likely to not kill Bliss, he was still likely to rape her to death, and as erotic as that would be, Penitent wanted her to live. Even so, she would have loved to suck on the massive shaft of the Master of Pleasure and Pain, but he would read her thoughts if she got that close. Instead, she sought out her sister succubi.

"Hello, Penny, hungry again?" a familiar voice asked, full of sultry mischief.

"Yes, Missy. You know me."

The succubus was looking sort of plump, though her curves were perfect, and perfectly within the bounds of Infernal beauty. The appearance of plumpness was the energy of the mortal souls she had just acquired in the material world. Her shining black eyes danced with her namesake, Mischief. Penitent knew what her price would be. Mischief liked dominating her fellow succubi. At least it wouldn't draw much attention to accept her treatment; Penitent's reputation was that of liking abuse. 

"You're always burning through the souls I give you..." Mischief intoned as she curled her tail around Penitent's neck. 

"You could go somewhere else, I suppose, so you must like this..." Mischief's banter was eerily like that which Penitent had teased Bliss with earlier. The tail tightened, and the succubus reacted like a mortal; it really was uncomfortable, but she could have chosen not to acknowledge that or show any outward signs.

"Yes, abuse me." Penitent's hoarse whisper sent tingles straight to Mischief's core. She was almost glowing with stolen energy. Wisps of smoky vapor issued from her perfect coral-colored nipples, her body falling into the semi-routine game that the two sex-demons had created between them. A pink tongue wiggled in the direction of those nipples, and Mischief swung her chest out of Penitent's reach.

"Not yet, slut. I'll have my pleasure first."

"Let's not lie to each other; you like my suckling. You're already leaking..."

Mischief tightened her grip, but allowed Penitent access to her exquisite breasts.

"A little then, to take the pressure out. I'm so full, you know." 

Penitent felt like golden light was pouring into her mouth, filling her with warmth. The strangulation of her neck kept her from swallowing, and soon she felt like she was drowning, but of course she couldn't choke on the vaporous soul-essence. Mischief held her like that for a long while, clutching Penitent's face against her generous bosom, a position that would have smothered a mortal. All the while, Mischief's taunting continued, bragging about her abundance of life-giving energy, and rubbing Penitent's imprisonment in her face- and her apparent squandering of Mischief's gifts.

Eventually, Mischief released Penitent's neck enough for her to swallow, and then tightened down again, letting her mouth fill once more.

"I'll admit, this does feel good, despite the loss of souls. It's not as good as acquiring them in the first place, but still nice."

Penitent's reply was muffled by delicious breast-flesh, then she sucked in a breath of air as Mischief switched her to her other nipple, beginning the cycle over again. Lack of air couldn't kill a succubus, but not breathing could become uncomfortable.

After draining a like amount from Mischief's other breast, Penitent felt the smothering sensation go away, then a sharp pain as Mischief slapped her across the cheek.

"Now pay for what you've taken, you greedy slut."

Even the slap and admonition were more sensual than most creature's kisses. Penitent's pussy began weeping its liquid arousal. She knew Mischief would expect an orgasm, and leave her unsatisfied; she grinned, knowing that Bliss would take care of that, despite Mischief's best attempt at, well, mischief.

Her grin earned her another slap, again both stinging and arousing. She had a part to play, and her subservient attitude was at least as important as orgasms to Mischief. Another loop of the spade tipped tail wound around her neck, both tightening the constriction and pulling her face closer to the other succubus' crotch. Another loop, and Mischief's swollen flower was in her face, and her breath was completely cut off.

"You'll breath again when I come."

None of the playfulness remained in Mischief's tone, just the cold statement of an angry dominatrix. Most succubi were only superficially different from one another at most, but Mischief was perhaps a bit more full-bodied, a bit more generous in the curves, and her attitude was sexy in all styles of seduction. As such, Penitent would have loved to slowly caress and enjoy the glistening folds of deep peach-colored flesh in front of her, but the threat had her licking with frantic abandon. Mischief's weight bore her to the floor, and soon she was on her back with the other succubus straddling her face. The sadistic sex-demon began grinding her hips on Penitent's mouth, at first reaching behind her to roughly maul her victim's breasts (which were no less exquisite than her own), and then reaching down to pull on Penitent's head by grasping her horns. Penitent's licking was irrelevant now; the pressure kept her from being able to make many significant movements of her tongue.

It still wasn't enough for Mischief. The orgasm would come, but the humiliation would have to be complete. She began flapping her wings, driving her body downwards, pressing on Penitent with more 

force than just her body weight. Falling fully into the role, Penitent was now simply screaming into her cunt, just the way she liked it. Her orgasm was strong, long, and loud; a mortal would not have survived it, and indeed, a few hadn't.

Like all succubi, Mischief could only climax in her true form, despite the endless number of alluring shapes she could take on in the physical realm. As such, when loose in the material realm on a mission of seduction, succubi often got the souls they craved, but only a truly broken or deranged mortal would knowingly make love to a demon. If they could manage it, all succubi preferred to complete a seduction while revealing their true nature, but it was risky. It also formed the basis of a sort of competition between them all. Penitent was famous amongst her brethren for the seduction of the priest. Her current state was most puzzling to them; they knew that she had died on the mortal plane, and that dark elves had been involved, but her current need for souls was not explained. Some, like Mischief, took advantage of her desperation without much thought; indeed, she preferred to play her games of domination, humiliation, and sadism with a succubus who was formerly held in high regard by her peers. Others were getting suspicious.

After her orgasm, Mischief returned to her playful ways, a seemingly different being altogether. Penitent was used to such reversals from her.

"Let's gossip, Penny. I should tell you how I got the souls I just gave you."

Penitent agreed; vicarious seduction was better than nothing.

Mischief's voice had almost a little-girl glee to it as she began to relate her tale.

"A wizard pulled me up this time, with a mission other than to service him... strange, I know! He wore a blindfold, so I guess he knew his own weakness for our kind. Wychar, his name was. He was suspicious of his wife and his brother, strongly suspicious, and wanted me to take on his wife's form and approach his brother Mychal... he knew his weakness, but he didn't seem to know I would seduce and consume his brother either way. Ha! He put a geas on me, to lock me in the form of his wife until I knew the truth (he had a painting of her for me to copy, and she was definitely a looker, though not as good as I usually try to look). Thought he was so Heavenly clever... every detail planned this one! His blindfold kept him from seeing my hand dug into my cunt, that I then waved under his stupid nose. Not subtle, I know, but how do YOU flirt with a blind man? So anyway, that planted the idea of using me afterwards in his mind, and off I went..."

Mischief's voice took on a sort of droning quality, then faded from Penitent's awareness as a picture of the events started playing in her head. Perhaps it was because of her earlier use with Bliss, but the telepathy of their kind began to play out the scene for her, and for a while, neither one was really aware of their mental bond.