 A very slow built story about a character's transformation from being entirely male, to having to accept his magically switching gender. There are sexy bits and they will be more frequent in planned subsequent chapters, but they are not the main focus. 

Please do not expect any quick thrill out of this story, but make the most of the progressive development of the protagonist(s).

Also this is my first attempt at writing erotic literature. The feedback I got from the previous parts was very nice and very helpful, and I'd truly appreciate a continued feedback from any readers who are interested.

On a side note, some of you have noticed that the base concept of the transformation is taken from an anime called 'Ranma 1/2'. Whilst I freely admit having inspired myself directly from that for the physical aspect of the change, I would like to add that my main true inspiration as to the emotional development of this story comes from 'The Blue Necklace' by MissLisaJones, another story on this site.

For whoever is interested, I strongly recommend both 'The blue Necklace' and 'Ranma 1/2' as they are both very good pieces of fiction within their area.

*****

October 17, 2014

I woke up this morning feeling rather fresh. I checked my alarm clock. It was about half past seven, which meant that I had about an hour and a half to get to my first lecture of the day at nine. I got up and went to have my shower, quickly followed by some clothes and breakfast. It was sunny outside, which meant that I could remain a guy today, so I dressed up simply, donned my backpack, and headed for the door.

After and uneventful trip to campus, I went to my first physics lecture, slowly remembering what Fridays are like. I was looking forward to three lectures in a row, followed by a short lunch break and a four-hour long laboratory session. Great. I went to my first lecture, and was about to go sit next to my usual mates, when I noticed a slightly nearer Isabelle, waving down at me. I climbed up to her row, grinning to myself, and sat down next to her.

"Just for the record," she whispered, smiling. "I checked what you told me yesterday. You were right!"

"I sometimes am..." I answered.

"Well anyway, glad to see you again. Also, this is my housemate, Thomas. Thomas, this is the math and physics guy I told you about who is better at chemistry than I am."

I looked up, amazed. She was now introducing me to the very same Thomas whom I'd met as Elise... Feeling very self-conscious, I greeted him, feeling my smile becoming a little too stiff upon my face. He hardly seemed to notice me, as he nodded at me in a disinterested manner, his eyes fixed upon his lecture notes. Isabelle rubbed his shoulder gently, and turned to me.

"It's probably just this girl he met earlier on this week. It sounds like she has been avoiding him. I think he is quite smitten with her..." She whispered softly at me, winking mischievously.

I felt my face suddenly become very hot as I realized what that meant. Thomas was missing Elise, and it seemed like he felt rather more than just friendly towards her, or at least according to Isabelle... Feeling both guilty and very embarrassed, I remained silent, and contented myself to smile at Isabelle, trying to look amused.

I remained silent for the next few minutes as the lecture started, thinking hard about what to do. It was very disconcerting to learn that I had been convincing enough as Elise to attract this sort of attention in less than a week. After a while, Isabelle leaned toward me and made a joke about our Scottish lecturer's accent. I chuckled, and we were soon engrossed in our own conversation. I didn't pay attention too much of the lecture from then on, but it was a welcome distraction from my own chain of thoughts.

When the hour ended, Isabelle left for a tutorial, leaving me now alone as I made my way to my next lecture. As I got there, I noticed dark clouds quickly approaching on the horizon, and trepidation gripped me, knowing what they might mean. I spent the next two hours feeling an increasing sense of dread, as the clouds got closer and closer. I couldn't possibly allow myself not to attend my laboratory session, as attendance there was monitored, and I would be marked for it.

By the end of the third hour, the sky was darkening quickly, and I watched it in terror as I went to have lunch on my own. Sure enough, the downpour started as I started my lunch in the canteen (I had once again forgotten to bring sandwiches). I stared at the falling rain as I swallowed my food with difficulty, feeling weak.

As it finally became time for my lab session, I decided to go for it. I waited until no one was near the entrance to the canteen, and exited quickly. I felt my clothes sag around me as I stepped into the downpour, feeling myself shrink. Luckily, I had been getting used to the effects of the process of transformation, and I kept my balance, breathing deeply as I readjusted the straps of my bag on my too small shoulders.

After looking around and making sure that no one had seen me, I quickly made my way towards the physics department of the university. I was glad to see that few people were standing outside in the rain, and that those who were wanted to get out as quickly as possible, making their way to their destinations without paying much attention to me.

As I entered the building, I looked around. The corridor was empty, with all the office doors closed. Feeling lucky, I quickly walked down the corridor to the stairs, and successfully got to the upper floor without attracting any attention. There, I stopped, realizing that I would have to cross the packed common room of this floor to get to the restrooms.

It was packed, obviously, as everyone was waiting to enter the lab. I discreetly turned around and went back down the stairs, so as to start looking for the restroom on the ground floor. After crossing a couple of less familiar corridors in a panicky state, I finally found one and entered quickly. It was empty, so I quickly went to the washbasins and ran the hot water. Just before I splashed myself with it, I looked into the mirror.

There, I saw the same blue eyes as ever, staring back at me from a small, disheveled figure. She may have been drenched from the rain and dressed up in huge, sagging, male clothing, but she was as beautiful as ever. I felt a strange pang in my gut as I realized that I didn't want to make this delicate creature vanish again. I felt torn between one part of me, which stared in love and wonder at her beauty, and another, which preferred to remain this female being anyway. But I knew I had to change, so I quickly splashed my face in scolding water, feeling Elise melt away once again.

As I quickly left the restroom, knowing I would probably be late for my lab, I suddenly realized that the sign on the door was female. Realizing that I had instinctively entered the ladies', I felt myself go red, unsure whether I was embarrassed because I had entered the women's' restroom, or because it had felt normal when I did so.

The next four hours didn't go so well, as I found it difficult to pay attention to my work. I repeatedly misadjusted the spectrometer during the measurements, and I knew that my lab partner was getting frustrated at me, but my mind kept going back to what I had felt when I had stared into Elise's eyes in the restroom. I was also uncomfortably aware of the continuous pattering of rain, which I could still hear from within the lab. 

After a long and tortuous session, I finally left the lab, feeling the strain starting to wear me thin. I sat down in the common room, and waited for everyone to leave as I pretended to work on my notes. I eventually got up and left the building, stepping onto a seemingly empty campus, as the rain kept on pouring down from the heavens and made me into this angel.

Accepting my fate, I made my way to the bus stop and sat down, feeling exhausted. After a few minutes wait, I suddenly realized that a gruff, bulky man was sitting next to me. Looking around, I saw Henry smiling down at me, seemingly huge from my reduced position.

"So... How has your day been, Elise?" He asked, "Made any boyfriends yet?"

For some reason, this small bit of teasing broke me as I finally succumbed to the strain of all the uncertainty in my new life. I felt tears starting to roll my cheeks as I desperately tried not to sob. It seemed stupid and pointless. After all, nothing had gone truly wrong... But the accumulated insecurities and ambiguities of my situation had built up within me to the point where I could not hold them in anymore.

I closed my eyes, feeling myself starting to tremble as I cried, and soon I felt myself being enclosed in Henry's bear hug. As he held me, I sensed all my pent up worries and emotions slowly drain out of me, and I leant into him to take comfort from his presence.

"I'm sorry, Elise, I didn't mean to hurt you" Henry said, sounding ashamed.

"It's... It's not you" I whispered back, "It's just too much... This is all too much, Henry. I cannot deal with it all."

I fell silent, and held onto him, feeling progressively better as I flushed my tears out of my system, hearing him trying to comfort, reassure and encourage me in a soft tone. I didn't really register what he was saying, but as I listened to him, his voice eased my worries slightly, and I was thankful for it. 

I soon felt a lot better, as well as very grateful towards Henry. He may not understand my problems, but he had been helpful throughout the experience, even despite himself and despite his nature. As I leaned in to kiss him on the cheek before disengaging, I realized that Erik would never have done this. More than that, Henry would never have hugged Erik... He would have found it too... 'Gay'...

Wondering whether the same thought had crossed Henry's mind, I looked up at him, only to see him smiling, with eyes conveying far more emotion than I would have thought possible. I hesitated for a few long instances as to what to do next, before the bus finally turned up. We clambered onto it and found ourselves some seats, where I collapsed, tugging at my wet and oversized clothes.

"God, I can't wait to get out of these things," I told Henry, "I can't stand looking so weird."

"You don't look weird!" Chuckled Henry, as he glanced down at me, "You look... Cute."

Not knowing what to say to that, I shrugged. I could not ever remember being called 'cute' before... 

A few minutes later, we found ourselves entering the house together. It seemed to be empty, but I knew that my other housemates often spend a lot of time working discreetly in their room. I was therefore very cautious as I went to fetch some dry clothes from my room and tiptoed to the bathroom to have a warm shower. It was nice getting out of the wet clothes, but I once again felt a sense of abandon when I sensed my body expanding again under the hot water.

I toweled myself quickly and got dressed, after which I went back to my room. There, I hesitated again... Finally, on a whim, I decided to turn back into Elise. I would only do it for the night, I thought, as I was curious about my yet unexplored female body. I wonder now whether some part of me also feels more comfortable as a girl, if only when in private.

I got undressed again, and used the water from my washbasin to change yet again, for the third time of the day. Feeling myself start to shiver from the cold water, I wiped my face dry with my towel and went to fetch some underwear. As I sorted through my small pile, I noticed a pair of cute black panties made of less, next to an assorted bra. 

It was very sweet and frilly, albeit a tiny bit see-through, and seemed rather narrow on the rear, although it certainly was not a thong. I couldn't remember buying it, and wondered what else I had bought whilst in the second state I had entered when I had bought my female clothing. I could not imagine why I had bought this underwear, but I felt curious, and I decided to put it on.

The lace felt very light and soft as I put the panties on, and fit snuggly around my groin. It still seemed weird to have such close fitting clothes in that area, and I was not unsure whether I enjoyed the invasiveness of the clothing as it clung to me and inserted itself slightly between my cheeks. I then put on the bra, feeling it cup my breasts and support them. They weren't of a particularly impressive size, and I knew they didn't move around that much, even without support. However, they still moved enough for me to appreciate why many a woman would prefer wearing a bra throughout the day.

I had never paid as much attention to my female body whilst getting dressed before, and it felt slightly perverse to do so now, despite it being my own body. I then put on a loose dark t-shirt and some cute little grey shorts that seemed to be made of a similar fabric to my pajamas, although I really had no idea whether they actually were meant to be female pajamas or not.

As I sat down on my bed, I looked around at my room, which now seemed a lot bigger and messier than usual. I pulled myself under the sheets, feeling strange in this smaller and frailer body of mine, and started staring with some wonder at my long, slim, hairless limbs. They seemed too perfect to my eyes, as I thought back to my usual arms and legs.

Indeed, whilst my 'male' limbs are not exactly aged and pock marked, they still carry a number of marks, of small scars and light discolorations, all upon a darker, rougher skin, which is mostly covered with a thin layer of hair. These arms and these legs, on the other hand, carried no marks, no scars, were perfectly evenly colored, and seemed absolutely hairless. This, I realized, was strange. I have known for a while now that, usually, women need to shave their bodies to maintain this level of smoothness.

I, on the other hand, seemed completely hairless with the exception of my eyebrows and the long blond curls flowing down from the top of my head. I gently grabbed a handful, and pulled them to my face to look at them. They appeared lush, with a very rich colour, which seemed to shine slightly. I could smell a faint scent, which seemed strangely similar to both those of hyacinth and lavender. This was strange, as my keen nose had always been very good at distinguishing smells. And yet I was sure that this smell was neither that of lavender or hyacinths, but rather something in between...

I then wondered whether it was the natural smell of my hair, as I had definitely not used a shampoo of those sorts of flagrance in the shower. For some reason, I jokingly thought to myself that I couldn't possibly live with hair pertaining such an unidentifiable smell. I giggled softly, and pulled my legs in, hugging them to my chest as I sat on my bed, looking around my room serenely.

After a couple of minutes, I heard a loud knock on my door, which made me jump. Feeling panicky, I stared at the thankfully locked door, wondering whether or not to pretend I was sleeping. I then heard Henry calling me from the other side of the door.

"Erik," he called calmly, "Can I come in?"

A little hesitantly, I walked to the door and opened it a crack, peering out to check that Henry was alone. He was. I opened the door to let him in, closing it swiftly behind him. It was only once I'd safely locked my door that I noticed what he'd been carrying: a platter carrying cutlery, two glasses, two tear-drop shaped pieces of bread, and two plates covered in large servings of rice and curry.

I inhaled deeply and caught the delicious aroma of spices, garlic, coconut and lime pickle. I smiled as I then looked up at Henry.

"Madras and... Lababdar?" I asked.

He nodded.

"With extra coconut milk, lime pickle and garlic naan?" I questioned.

"That is some good nose you have there!" He exclaimed.

"How did you know that was my favorite?" It was starting to feel like a quiz.

"You told me when you first cooked a curry in the kitchen," He said, handing me the plate of Lababdar curry and a steaming hot naan. "I thought you might need it after today." He added.

I dug in instantly, feeling suddenly ravenous. Henry paused to pick my laptop up from the floor.

"Mind if we use this to watch this new series I've just heard of? It's based off of that character from Silence of the Lambs, Hannibal."

"Mmhmm!" I agreed, my mouth full of curry.

We spent the next hour or so, watching the first episode of the Hannibal series as we sat on my bed, guzzling curry. It felt like the best thing in the world.

With the curry finished and the credits rolling onscreen, I leant against Henry, feeling absolutely full. I had definitely overestimated the size of my new stomach, and was now paying the consequences.

"I see you haven't turned back..." Henry observed, speaking for the first time since he had turned Hannibal on.

I blushed, feeling a little uneasy, but I decided that I might as well be frank with Henry. He was the only person who knew about my embarrassing condition and he had been nothing but helpful. I crossed my legs under me, as I realized how highly cut my shorts were, and how much of my feminine limbs were showing.

"I... I decided to try sleeping like this tonight." I told him. "I'm just curious what it's like... I mean, I never chose to be in this situation, and I don't like it, but as long as I'm like this, I might as well find out what it's like..."

"Well you don't see me complaining!" Said Henry, slipping his huge arm around my waist and grinning playfully down at me.

I didn't really know what to feel at that point, so I remained silent. Chuckling, Henry put on the second episode of Hannibal, and we watched it to, as I slowly started falling to sleep, leaning against Henry more and more. I only woke up when he left, having switched my laptop off and put me to bed. He had been very gentle so as not to wake me up, but I still became aware when he opened the door and left.

I'm glad we spent the evening together. It was a little weird, but it was worth it.