 Bliss returned her father's embrace. Her nails clawed his back, drawing blood in a way that both hurt and enhanced arousal. Tiny fangs nipped over his throat and neck, then moved up his jawline to his elegant pointed ears. Ears like hers. Their bodies moved closer, and Bliss felt his hard length press against her belly. She grasped it in wonder and awe; never had she felt a male organ in her own hands. It was more vital a thing even than Mischief's vision had made it seem. She ran her hand up and down the shaft, clumsily pleasuring him as she explored all his ridges and veins. Unlike his normal slow buildup of lust, he responded immediately. Bliss was his ultimate fantasy. 

He attempted to pick her up, then tried to force her to her knees, but she would not be hurried, and didn't move. Her biting kisses moved dow to his torso, and she sucked his nipple into her mouth, enjoying it even though she was used to Penitent's puffy, coral-colored wonders.

Durzai tried once more to hurry Bliss, and was rebuffed.

"I have never been with a male before. If you want my virginity, you will be patient."

The dark elf felt a flare of anger as he realized he would once more be subservient to his lover, but her hand was becoming more sure of itself, and he realized that she WANTED to pleasure him, though at her own pace. He thought that her strength was perhaps slightly inferior to his, but not enough for him to force her. In any event, he had never forced a female before, and it seemed that it was impossible even in his dreams.

Her mouth left his nipple and moved farther down his body, approaching the rod of flesh she still pumped slowly in her hand. Her soft lips contrasted with her sharp teeth to give him a burning pleasure-pain that hurried him towards orgasm.

With a sudden movement, she spun him around and pushed. His warrior instincts rebelled for a second, then he allowed himself to be shoved to all fours. Bliss pressed her body to his strong back, hovering over him with slow flaps of her wings. She reached around to his front and firmly grasped the root of his masculinity once again. Durzai felt the vulnerability that she intended, but her delicious body was now molded to his back, lighting further fires of passion within him. He felt her tongue washing over him, licking up the blood she had drawn earlier, then her lips returned to his pointed ears.

"Do you know what I am?"

"No," croaked the lustful dark elf.

"Do you think I might drain all your blood?"

"Yes," came the reply.

"Would it be worth it?"

"Yes," Durzai croaked again.

Bliss laughed.

"You think this is a dream. Do you think I am real?"

"I think a Demon Prince has made you as a temptation for me, a construct of smoke and shadow."

Bliss laughed again.

"No, no Demon Prince. I will not drain you dry, Durzai, and I will tell you who made me when we are done."

Moving from his ear, Bliss trailed her lips down the drow's back, around his sculpted buttocks, and pulled his member to her lips, forcing it to bend backwards. Her pointed nipples had lit lines of fire where they brushed him as she did this. She kissed the helmet-like head of his ebon rod, licking and sucking as she familiarized herself with it. She began to pump her face back and forth, the shaft going farther and farther into her mouth. She vowed to take it all, wanting his testes to brush her lips as she pleasured and dominated him. Durzai was trembling with the effort of maintaining his stance in the face of her stimulation. 

After a few minutes of work, she became accustomed to his length and girth, and she managed to bring her lips to the base of his shaft. She pulled her head back, then plunged it all the way until her lips brushed his testes again, and he let loose with a strangled cry. His seed pumped into her throat, and she swallowed it with only a minor flinch. His hips tried to buck as he climaxed, but it only put further discomfort on his bent manhood.

As the final spurts subsided, Bliss released him, and bade him stand. He did so, turning to face her.

Bliss locked lips with him in a fierce kiss, letting him taste her sweet mouth and his salty semen. Their tongues entwined for a moment, then she broke away.

"I will return to you dreams again, Durzai. Do you wish to know my name, so I may be summoned to your mind more easily?"

The elf nodded, eagerness and exhaustion warring on his face.

Bliss pulled his ear to her lips and whispered her name. He absorbed this without comment.

"Now, can you do my maidenhead justice, or do we wait until you sleep again?"

Pride led Durzai to answer that he was able.

"Your dream is coming to an end. Don't worry, there will be other times. I promised to tell you who made me before I left..."

Bliss put her lips to his ear again.

"YOU made me... father."