 Bliss woke at the same time as Durzai's dream ended. She believed that it had been a dream, not real in the strictest sense, but the exchange of words and caresses had been experienced by both of them. Her actions had seemed a bit strange to her; it had been more instinctual than logical for her to do what she did.

On the other hand, after she reasoned out the results of such actions, she realized that they made sense. Durzai would bring her to his dreams once again, and she could give him the knowledge to summon her to the mortal plane. She had seen in his mind that he would be a powerful ally against Ailztirea.

The knowledge that she needed to give Durzai was not something she had yet acquired herself, however. Penitent would have to help her. 

"Mother, there may be a way out of Hell for me after all."

The succubus roused herself at the sound of Bliss' voice. She had been dreaming of sex, of course, and perhaps her connection with Bliss had been affected by it. The words registered, but her mind was back where it had been when she first seduced Bliss to curb her anger and inadvertently awakened her mind-reading powers.

"Think with your head, not your cunt. We need to talk."

Penitent's smile did not indicate that she had any intention of talking, or that she had even heard. Halfway across the room, she stopped her approach as Bliss used her telepathy to send her a vision of the dream she had just shared with Durzai. Bliss sent it as strongly and quickly as she could, stunning Penitent for a few moments as she assimilated what now seemed like memories to her.

"Th-that's... dangerous," she stammered. "And hot."

The succubus' arousal was obvious as she continued her walk towards Bliss; even without the her scent spreading through their abode, she seemed to move as if her groin itched, and it did, in a way. She wanted to be touched so badly it caused discomfort, and it couldn't come from her own hand.

"Mother, I can read your thoughts, now. Don't try that."

Bliss never understood how Penny could reach the state of raw animal lust so quickly and so often, but she was nearly insensible again. She could tell from the thoughts emanating from her mother that she was not prepared for any useful conversation.

"A single orgasm, then. Then we talk."

Pentitent got on her knees a pace from where Bliss stood, earning her name once again. Bliss' tail lashed out, the spade-shaped tip striking Penitent like a slap. 

"Do you think I want this?" Bliss growled.

Her tail lashed out again, doing a quick figure-eight and slapping both cheeks in rapid succession.

"Yes, abuse me..." Penitent whispered.

"I know what you want," Bliss replied. She used her tail like a riding crop, moving down to the succubus' torso, striking the upper sides of both breasts, then the tender undersides. Moving closer, Bliss planted a rough kiss on Penitent's lips, using the closer range to curl her tail all the way around to strike at her mother's taut buttocks. She began questioning her demon mother, using her telepathy to get her answers. Whatever Penitent wanted, Bliss gave just short of it, whatever she didn't want, she pushed just beyond. The sex-demon was reaching her limits, her arousal being teased and pushed to greater and greater heights, her affinity for abuse being pushed a little too far. Bliss twisted her nipples a little too hard, fingered her pussy not quite long enough, slapped her a little too hard, ended her kiss a little too early. The teasing was bringing on the succubus' curse, that level of lust that could break any creature, could leave them unable to ever reach climax, to be locked in a state of want and need.

However, Bliss knew exactly where that line was. As it approached, she pinned Pentitent's wrists and stopped pleasuring her, except for her tongue lightly stroking the demoness' throat. Slowly, she released her grip on one of Penitent's hands, which dove immediately to her burning groin. At this stage of the curse, every touch of her own hands was like fire to Penitent, but she was so lost in lust that she kept trying to stroke herself to climax. 

Soon the damage would be irreversible, and Penitent would never reach orgasm, never do anything but try to pointlessly pleasure herself. Just as that moment came, Bliss plunged her hand into the succubus' hole, filling its greedy depth with four fingers, then squeezing in past the palm. Penitent's hips bucked and jerked, bringing her off instantaneously, an orgasm that may have been twenty small peaks of pleasure, or one long continuous ordeal. Bliss opened her mind fully, sharing in the pleasure that her mother felt, but not the pain and frustration that had built up to it. She also shared the feel of her fist being squeezed by the rhythmic pulses, and Penitent kept on having more and more muscular contractions until all the tension was gone. Eventually, she simply lay there and shivered.

"Now, can we talk?"

At first, Bliss didn't think Penitent would answer. She knew that as dangerous as that had been, Penitent had enjoyed it and would take that risk again.

"Yes. I may be satisfied for days from that." Bliss felt the fear that emanated from Penitent's mind at what they had just done, and felt the shiver that accompanied it through her embedded fist.

The she-demon was quiet a little longer, then added:

"If you do that to Mischief, we could trust her. Any succubus would gladly do anything for the promise of more pleasure like that. Nothing that she could gain by revealing you would be worth losing that."

Bliss' eyes narrowed, and she checked Penny's mind again. It seemed from what she could read that Penitent would still try to help her escape from Hell, but she would be even sorrier to see her go now.

"Where will you get such pleasure when I am gone, mother?"

Penitent thought a moment, and Bliss slowly withdrew her soaked hand. Though she was in no mood for sex herself, she inhaled the scent that had been marinating that hand. It was profanely compelling, as expected. A faint stirring went through her loins, where a raging inferno of lust would have been boiling in almost any other creature.

"I will have to wait, dear. My banishment is over in eighty years. If I did not think you would live at least that long in the mortal realm, I wouldn't let you go."

Bliss absorbed that.

"You expect me to summon you to the physical world?"

"Wouldn't you?"

Bliss nodded thoughtfully. Yes, her mother was her only friend, and she would want her to join her.

"You are not known for waiting well, mother."

"I've been patient with you for twenty years!"

Bliss held up a hand in a stopping gesture. Penitent wondered when her daughter had completely taken control. 

"Cease, mother. There is something else I wished to discuss. Durzai could summon me. He dreams of me, as I showed you. His lust would have me come to his side, if it is possible."

Penitent nodded.

"Yes, he could be taught to summon you. Summon you to the House of the one you both hate. Lust? Maybe lust wouldn't factor in to the situation once you find yourself free to glut yourself on violence the way you've always wanted."

Bliss' thoughts turned to exactly that. Anger, the will to rend and maim and kill, rose up within her, thoughts of revenge flooding through her and washing aside the maturation of the past few days. A growling scream burst from her sensual lips. Her mother continued to doubt her! She was already more powerful than any succubus could ever hope to be. Vitality flowed through her veins like the rivers of magma that feed a volcano's angry eruptions. She had the power to enact her revenge, and if she couldn't do it on her own, her father was there as well, surely her equal in might with his years of training in arms and dabbling in strength-enhancing magics.

Penitent was not receiving Bliss' thoughts, but her face displayed the gist of them.

"That anger will get you killed. I thought you were maturing, but no, I see that once again the growth of your power has outpaced that of your mind."

Penitent's rebuke had the desired effect. The war for control was evident on Bliss face.

"A moment, mother, that is all. I did nothing rash in my anger. I do take your point, though. I need more than my raw strength to survive on the mortal realm if that is where I am to be summoned."

Bliss smiled.

"And I know where I shall get what I need. I know one who is a master of weapons and drow politics, one who lusts for me, one who will consider the exchange of knowledge to be the most favorable of deals..."

"Durzai. He will train you to use that strength, and in return, your maidenhead."

Penitent's statement was delivered in a conspiratorial tone, indicative of the fact that she found no fault with Bliss' logic.

The two females stood facing each other, smiling at their consensus. Pentitent, momentarily freed of the constant lust of her nature, felt genuine friendship and affection for her daughter, uncolored by her weakness for the toned, curvaceously muscled body in front of her. It still wasn't love, but it was close.

Bliss, of course, felt this, and could find no fault with it. As she reflected on its meaning, a voice sounded in her head, calling her name. It was faint, but growing stronger, and possibly had been calling for some time, unnoticed.

Only one other person knew Bliss' name, so she didn't waste a moment wondering who it was.

"Why is he dreaming again already?"

Bliss sent her thoughts out to answer the call.