 "Bliss!" he called, knowing he was dreaming.

"BLISS!"

He was standing on a plain of cooling lava, with walls of flames ringing him. What might have been smoke, shadow, or dark stone formed a roof. Hell, in other words. He saw a dark figure flying towards him on bat-like wings, and then she was standing in front of him, in all her dark splendor. Her succulent but virginal breasts rose and fell with the exertion of flight, and her muscled stomach rippled.

"You call me back so soon?"

"I want your maidenhead."

Bliss smiled.

"And would you fight off my other suitors?"

The dark elf scowled.

"Yes."

Bliss projected the memories of Penitent's visions of her being torn apart by the Demon Princes.

"Unless you rescue me from Hell, one of them will take my virginity."

Durzai was visibly shaken.

"I will never give it to you here in this dream. Only on your own plane of existence will your lust be consummated. You must learn the art to summon me."

Durzai nodded, though angrily.

"Don't worry, father. I know of other tricks to keep you happy in the meantime, but first you must teach me some of your tricks.

Though Bliss was less trained than the novice priestess had been, after a half hour of training with a weaponmaster like Durzai, she surpassed most students who had trained for years. Her father's thoughts flowed into her, and she absorbed his martial skill greedily. With the cheat of reading his thoughts, Bliss soon became able to match Durzai's movements, even to the point where she could defend herself ably from him, though she was not quite inventive enough to pierce his own defenses in turn. She knew the knowledge he imparted was real, but she wondered if she would be a match for him in the real world.

So they fought to a stalemate, though Bliss found that she probably would have lost, as her iron muscles failed her; she had the strength, maybe even more than Durzai, but not conditioning. As their sparring came to an end, they found themselves clutching one another, Bliss getting ready to fend off a throw, then deciding to let it happen. She clutched Durzai to her body, bringing him to the ground with her. As he settled on top of her, she planted a passionate kiss on his snarling lips, then whispered in his ear.

"I think I have learned enough of combat today. It's time for another sport..."

Durzai stiffened, literally and figuratively. Up until that moment, he had remembered his lust, and not that she had said she was his daughter. He had managed to not think about it so aggressively that he had almost forgotten. Bliss sensed his hesitation and wondered aloud at it.

"You said I was your father when we last talked."

Bliss sighed.

"Yes, it is true. And therefore, you must know who my mother is."

"The succubus that Ailztirea had me sport with for her amusement."

"Indeed. And such a being has no compunctions when it comes to incest. It is just another perversion to be explored and, in this case, savored for its rarity."

Durzai's manhood did not share his dismay, and the half-drow girl could feel it.

"You had every intention of fucking me when you summoned me to your dream, now quit stalling. Our bodies aren't even physically together."

Durzai leveled his manhood at her entrance, but her strong hands grasped it and aimed it a bit lower.

"I told you my maidenhead will not be taken here."

Bliss' soaking, velvety flower had overflowed, drenching her anal passage and easing Durzai's slow steady penetration. She felt every inch of his veined shaft, squealing at first as the mushroom-shaped head crowned inside her. It was easily the largest thing she had had in her ass, despite all the practice Penitent had put her through. As it became painful very quickly, Bliss decided to share that pain by grasping Durzai at the root of his shaft. She squeezed it harshly, and guided him to thrust forward as she breathed out, her sphincter muscles relaxing for brief moments.

Finally, it was all the way in. Bliss rested a moment, slowly relinquishing her grip on the embedded member.

"I am not quite a virgin at this form of sex, father, but yours is the first fleshly rod to explore me there."

Bliss flexed the muscles that gripped Durzai's shaft, and heard a gasp form in his throat.

"Those muscles are as strong as the rest of me. Mother says I can make it very enjoyable for a male lover."

Durzai kept gasping as Bliss continued to massage his penis with her ass. Her legs came up to encircle his waist, and they fluttered open and close, pulling him forward as she flexed, and pushing him back a little ways when she relaxed. Slowly, they began a rhythm of thrusting in and out, with Bliss squeezing on his downthrust, and relaxing to allow him to pull out. She continued to guide the movement of his hips, and having been trained his whole life to accede to the wishes of females, Durzai obeyed. He believed he would have already pumped his seed deep within her anal passage if it didn't grip him so tightly. 

She increased the tempo until he was fucking with abandon, then she confirmed his suspicion by relaxing completely, and the pumping of sperm commenced immediately. He thrust five, six, then seven more times as his orgasm subsided, a deeply pleasurable one that left him dizzy, despite his great vitality and conditioning.

Bliss had been trying hard, but hadn't quite been able to orgasm herself just from the anal stimulation. As Durzai recovered, she instructed him pleasure her in return.

"Lick my clit, and keep your fingers out of my hole. I showed you my fate if I am discovered here in Hell. Mother thinks there is a greater chance that I'll be kept alive if I'm intact when captured. I won't risk that this dream could leave me deflowered." 

Durzai stuck out his tongue and did as she asked. She lay back, exhausted, and allowed the orgasm to happen. It didn't take long, and the burning in her ass had merely added warmth to the process. She hoped that the soreness she knew she would feel soon would not translate to the waking world. 

"Now return to your world, father, but remember how much you want me there with you. Think of it! If I have my way, you will deflower me atop Ailztirea's broken corpse!"

Bliss' laughter was the last thing Durzai remembered before returning to the waking world.