 Her ass burned with phantom pain, but Bliss could tell it was only the memory of it that she felt. It would soon pass. In fact, she enjoyed the reminder of her accomplishments in the dreamworld. She had gained real combat knowledge, and confirmed her confidence in her abilities to seduce and pleasure a male lover.

Her limbs also held a certain burning, a remembrance of the soreness of overworked muscles, but it too passed quickly; her real, physical self practically itched to put Durzai's knowledge to use. It felt like fire in her veins, violence in her blood, begging to be used. Soon. Soon her promise to Ailztirea would be kept.

Anger would fuel her strength, but she needed to be calculating at the moment. She needed to plan her next actions carefully.

To Penitent, it appeared that Bliss was entranced by something only she could see. She waited, and the half-demon girl eventually looked her way, appearing to notice her for the first time since she had awoken.

"Teach me the summoning ritual, mother, so I may teach Durzai."

Penitent began to speak aloud the incantations, then describing the circles and geometric symbols of the summoner's art, but Bliss plucked the knowledge from her mind before the words formed in her mouth. The sultry voice faded as Bliss soon indicated that speaking wasn't necessary. Eventually, she absorbed the knowledge, and the use of her mental powers finally began to take its toll and exhaust her. The summoning ritual did not immediately assimilate in her mind the way the natural lessons of killing had. She needed to rest.

Waking and sleeping blurred for Bliss as she met Durzai many more times in her dreams, giving him the knowledge that she had received from Penitent, and learning more of the deadly arts of drow combat.

And of course, she gave him every part of her body, except that which he wanted most.

Finally, she had teased him to his limit, draining his seed in every alternate way that he or she could think of, biding time while he covertly acquired the resources to summon her to the physical world.

He expressed his need to her, though he knew he couldn't yet bring her to his side.

"I can do something for you, I think," Bliss mused.

Gathering her mental abilities, Bliss sent her thoughts back to the waking world, her half-souled essence casting about blindly, listening for a certain whisper.

Only one other person knew her name, so she didn't worry that she might be connecting with the wrong succubus. Penitent's thoughts eventually drifted to her daughter, and Bliss heard the mental call. She pulled Penitent's mind into hers, then exerted her will to bring the demoness into the shared dream.

Durzai watched, uncomprehending, as Bliss shut her eyes, standing stock-still for a moment. Then, a pretty frown crossed her face, and he heard a sound like air being drawn into lungs. Looking down, he saw Bliss' abdomen swell, as if she were pregnant, and a new thrill washed over him at the image, followed by a chill of horror and guilt. Did he really want to impregnate his own daughter?

Then she was expelling smoke from her mouth and nose, an action somewhere between coughing and vomiting, accompanied by the shrinking of her ripe belly. The smoke formed the shape of a curvaceous woman, then solidified into a dark-haired, pinkish-pale beauty with bat-wings and a tail. A moment of confusion crossed the succubus' face, then she smiled, showing her sexy fangs. Her green eyes smoldered from a normal mortal shade to a glowing, supernatural light as her lust flared in response to the naked male drow in front of her.

"Durzai..."

The dark elf was reminded of the power of a true seductress; her voice turned his name from simple syllables into something as tangible as a caress. It held the promise of Infernal pleasure and all the fond reminiscence of a lifelong friend, which sent another thrill through him as he recognized her and thought of the reason that this particular demon knew his name.

Then the she-demon was embracing him, one hand tugging at his manhood while the other sought the muscles of his buttocks and back, an urgent, fanged kiss nipping at his lips. He gripped her breasts, practically lifting her by them as she discerned his wishes and clambered up his mighty frame, legs and tail wrapping around him so she could poise herself above his rod, then thrusting her hips violently down, taking him all the way to the hilt and gyrating her hips when she got there. A litany of filth was soon being whispered in his ear, as she began syncopating syllables by slamming her body onto his.

"Oh, I've LONGED to take this manHOOD again, the one that gave me BLISS, oh yes, she's given me SO much pleasure, and now YOU too, you dirty fucking elf, FUCKing your own daughter, but WHO could blame you, she's FUCKing hot!"

Durzai handled her weight easily, keeping his feet apart for balance, but he was fucking no mortal woman; her wings would have allowed her to keep her weight from toppling the feeblest octogenarian. She began to beat them in time with the frantic rhythm of their lovemaking, and Durzai soon spurted within her, despite having just spent himself on their daughter. She didn't stop, not completely, but she slowed down to accommodate his momentary need for recuperation. Her words did not slow, however.

"You fucked her ass, didn't you, I'd know it even if she didn't tell me everything, it was made for fucking, born, bred, and trained for fucking, by me, by you, oh, I envy anyone with a cock, anyone who can enjoy Bliss to her fullest, her pussy and tongue are my playthings, but oh! That ass! It begs for cock!"

Penitent's tail began to snake around Durzai's backside, then worm its way inside, her words nearly hypnotizing him.

"Has she told you who taught her to be such a good ass-slut? I won't tell you, I'll show you! Yes, my tail did most of the work, just as it will put life back in your glorious cock now."

Durzai felt a pressure building, slightly painful, still erotic, as Penitent slowly pushed inside of him. It wasn't a game he usually enjoyed, whether a male or female did it, but it had happened enough to make him a least familiar with the feeling. Penitent stopped all motion of her hips and concentrated solely on the appendage working its way inside her lover, then nipped his ear and whispered.

"Of course, I AM a succubus. I don't NEED such tricks to make you perform, but aren't they fun?"

Finally, she breached him fully and found the spot that made such an intrusion pleasurable. His fleshy shaft flared back to hardness at her command, twitching inside the sopping pussy he had wanted for so long, wanted like no other except his own flesh and blood.

Bliss watched, rapt, as her parents began fucking each other. Penitent's tail pumped in and out nearly as roughly as Durzai's shaft pounded into her. It continued for several minutes, and the succubus abandoned her dialogue for base grunting in the vile speech of Infernal creatures. Penitent came several times, then Durzai came again, and they moved to another position as Durzai's muscles tired in his release. He lay down on his back, straddled by the demoness, and she rode him to several more orgasms, but before her reached another himself, she jumped off, hissing.

"It was good, elf, but I'm not getting any of your soul in this place. I need to leave. My hunger cannot be sated here, only my lust, and it has been."

Bliss gestured, and the succubus' form turned to smoke, then dissipated. She turned a wry grin to Durzai.

"Do you need a REAL nap, or to finish what she started?"

Durzai glanced down at his still-stiff but fading erection and shrugged from the ground.

"I'm of no mind about it right now. I don't have a need of more, but you can do as you wish with me."

"Hmm, I think I'll coax that python back to action..."