 Author's note: This story may not be super original, but my intention was to create a badass female character who is likeable (both to a male and female audience). Please free to give me your opinions. 

Editing: It's self-edited for now. 

Note to my readers from the other series: This is not a part of 'When Angels Cum' nor is a side-project (though it could be). Currently, it is a one-shot that I wrote to satisfy an itch. Inspired by Ark. 

Obligatory Warning: 1. Only one true sex scene. This is more of an adventure, survival story. 

2. This story is a little darker than my usual writing, but I don't suppose it's too dark (or dark enough for people who enjoy that category.) 

Genres: Adventure, Action, Survival, Romance, Transmigration, and Prehistoric creatures. 

Blondie and Red 

The piercing cry of an eagle woke her up from her deep slumber. She opened her eyes and found herself staring into a vast mint green sky peppered with solitary, white, puffy clouds. High up in the sky, two large birds circled as if they were contemplating to swoop down and have a go at her body. 

A splitting headache hit her, and she sat up clutching her head. The birds in the sky gave out shrill cries and soared away to find new prey. 

Still holding her head, she glanced around and found herself in the middle of a vast cyan grassland. She felt the soft yet slightly prickly grass against her butt, and a sudden swirling draft of air swept the hair against her back, sending a chill across her body. 

"Where- Who am I?" she said out loud to no one. She could remember nothing, except language. Her mind was a strange and frustrating emptiness that wanted to be filled with something -- anything. 

Folding her legs, she sat up straight and looked at her hands. Pale golden white hairless skin, long fingers with beautiful flawless nails, and slim hands. Her chest felt heavy and she looked down to find the reason. Two large curvaceous lumps, shaped perfectly like tear drops, hung from her chest. My breasts, the word came intuitively to her mind. 

She ran her fingers along the naked skin before cupping her breasts in her hands. They felt nice. She squeezed them before lightly pinching her nipples. A light groan escaped her lips. It felt good, but she chose to not pursue it further. 

Feeling a strange itch in her back, she reached behind to feel it. She felt nothing unusual, except for the smooth skin, and the jut of her scapula. 

Feeling a little vulnerable in such an open space, she decided she had to move. But, how did she move? She looked around and spotted a small lizard scurrying over the grass on all fours, chasing some insect, invisible to her. 

Placing her hands on the grass, she got up on her feet, raising her butt in the air while keep her head down. Her breasts lolled and sagged under their weight, and her long hair slid down the side of her shoulder and hung against the side of her cheek. 

No, this is not it. Her breasts were especially uncomfortable in that position and the breeze against her naked and spread butt cheeks made her feel defenseless. She pushed her hands against the ground and stood up on two feet. 

This is right. The new vantage point of her eyes made her feel tall and powerful. Her long, voluminous mass of hair was now hanging in her front and almost reached her knees. She picked up a lock and felt it with her fingers. It was smooth, fluffy, and a beautiful golden yellow that shone under the light of the sun resting at a sixty-degree angle from the horizon to the east. 

There were also two other silvery objects visible in the green sky, though they weren't as bright as the sun. One was a thin crescent while the other was full, but she could tell that they were similar in size. 

She took in her surroundings. She was in the middle of a vast grassland that seemed to stretch endlessly to the east. A row of white capped mountains lay to the west, and a winding river came from the mountains and cut across the land to the south. Beyond the river was a thick jungle of dark green. 

She was in a conundrum. She knew that the mountains were too tall for her to climb. The grassland seemed the easiest to traverse but for all she knew, it could be endless. It could take her days or weeks to travel across it and she couldn't guess what lay beyond. The jungle did not feel safe either. 

However, it was the dryness in her mouth that made her decision. Water. She needed water. 

She threw her hair behind her and began to walk towards the river. Her hair felt heavy against her head, but it covered her butt and provided warmth against the cool breeze against her back. 

Walking -- it felt right but somehow inadequate at the same time. She felt she could do more, but she didn't know what or how. 

She trudged through the flat grassland for an hour before she began to hear the flow of water. The only moving life she ran into were small rodents, lizards, and insects, scurrying in the grass in search of food. 

Fifteen minutes later, she reached the river. At forty or fifty feet at its widest, it wasn't big, but it wasn't small enough to walk across. She knew she had to swim to cross it. But could she swim? 

She decided to satiate her thirst before working it out. Her lips, mouth, and throat were parched, and there was an emptiness in her stomach that she knew she had to fill. 

She carefully climbed down the steep, muddy bank, her feet sinking in the clay, to reach the water. Without hesitation, she fell to her knees, cupped her hands and began to take great gulps of the quenching liquid. She only stopped when her stomach felt full and her thirst satiated. 

She got back up on her feet and glanced at her reflection in the water. Her image flickered under the ripples in the water, but the flow wasn't fast enough to blur it completely. 

Even without any memories, she could tell that she was beautiful. She felt it arrogant about herself that way, but she couldn't help but want to look at her own features as she twirled her locks under a finger and stared into the water. 

She was slim, lean, and tall, her curly smooth locks cascading behind her back like a mantle. She was leggy, with her legs almost twice as tall as her torso. Her waist was narrow and almost seemed pinched below her large but befitting breasts. Her stomach was long, smooth, and taut with two symmetrical lines defining her musculature. A small but deep navel was visible right in the middle of her stomach, high above the light tuft of golden hair that hid the slit between her legs. 

Her face held a sort of surreal beauty, perfect but not plastic. A lightly oval face with gentle curves and a sharp chin, held large emotive aquamarine eyes, long fluttering lashes, and gently rising eyebrows. Her reddish pink, cupid's bow lips were full and luscious, while her nose was small and graceful. 

"Tehe," she suddenly giggled, her pretty lips widening as she looked at herself. Look, somebody is full of herself, she heard the words in her head, but she had a feeling that they were not her own. A memory? 

A sudden clicking noise made her jump out of her reverie. Turning around, she found herself facing a large chicken like creature. 

Cluck Cluck Gooo, it cooed as she admired its colorful plumage: shimmering blue feathers and a long maroon tail. A golden crest stood tall on its forehead and it looked at her with deep red beady eyes. 

She felt it was a pretty bird until it opened its beak and displayed rows of sharp jagged teeth. 

She stepped back into the water and it lunged at her throat. Her hand shot up faster than she could think and grabbed the creature by the neck before it could get to her jugular. The bird clawed at her hand and drew blood, but she held her grip and slammed it headfirst into a nearby rock. 

She bruised her knuckles on the rock, but the bird still struggled in her hand. So, she repeated. 

She had to smash its head three times, before it stopped moving. Blood and gore marred the rock's surface, and the smell of iron permeated the air. Nausea struck her as she looked at her bloody hand and she wanted to sit down. However, something urged her to get away from there. 

Though she did not know if she could swim, she dove into the river without hesitation. Her hands and legs moved on instinct and she swam across the river. 

Even as she swam, she could hear the patter of feet coming to the bank behind her. 

On reaching the opposite side, she turned out to look. A flock of humongous chicken-like creatures had swarmed the place where she had been standing. She realized that the one she had faced had only been a chick. The adults were taller than her and much heavier. They clucked at her and displayed their nasty teeth but seemed to have no desire to cross the river. 

They continued clucking for a minute before losing interest in her. They drank some water and proceeded to consume the dead chick, as she watched them with horror and disgust. By the time they were done, there was nothing left of the bird except its feathers. The creatures did not linger any longer and disappeared back into the grasslands. 

A shiver ran across her body as she heaved herself onto the bank. She couldn't tell if it was due to fear or because of the chilly breezy. Her wet hair felt weighty from being drenched, and she gathered it up to wring the water out, while gazing at her surroundings. Shrubbery and broad-leaved trees were all she could see along her side of the bank. She loathed to think of what she might find inside the forest. 

Her hand finally began smarting. The water had washed away the blood, but there was no getting rid of the scratches on her arms and the bruises on her knuckles which were finally beginning to turn a little purple. She climbed up the levy and lay down on the grass to dry. She didn't want to explore while wet, and she had no idea of what she was exploring for. 

Food and shelter, I guess. If she needed to drink and if she could get hurt, those were the other two things she would need - there was plenty of water in front of her. 

Once she dried, she began walking south along the bank. She ran into numerous birds and other smaller creatures, most of which seemed unfamiliar, but nothing dangerous like the chicken. 

Along the way, she picked up a flat stone, with one sharp and jagged edge. A weapon. An hour later, she came across a fruit bearing tree, close to the bank of the river. The fruit were the size of her hand; pink, cylindrical, and slightly prickly, but otherwise looked edible. 

Looking up the wide evergreen tree, she found that even the lowest hanging fruit were out of her reach. However, some of the branches were within her reach and she felt she could climb it. She bunched up her hair and twisted it into a bun over her head, before putting her stone hand-axe through it. Her bun felt like she had another head over her head. 

She jumped and caught a branch. Her breasts jiggled uncomfortably and scraped against the branch as she pulled herself up and over it. She plucked a fruit from the branch over the one she was, and carefully began peeling it as she crouched over her branch like a cat. 

The flesh of the fruit was white with thousands of tiny black seeds, and it looked very edible. She bit into it and savored its slightly sweet and fatty flavor. It was good. She ate five more before she was satisfied. She hadn't even realized her own hunger. 

Tiredness from walking the whole morning finally hit her, and she began to feel a little drowsy. 

The tree canopy was thick enough to hide her body while she slept, so decided she might as well take a nap on it before continuing her journey. She searched for a good spot and chose a couple of adjacent branches, halfway up the tree. She climbed to the lower branch and leaned against the tree trunk, before wrapping her arm around the other for support. Laying her head against the branch and the shoulder of her hand, she slowly fell asleep. 

*** 

She awoke to the noise of something tumble out of the forest. She peered through the leaves and found a smooth skinned person like herself scrambling towards the bank. He was as naked as her and looked similar to herself, but one glance told her that he was also different - He had something hanging from his groin that she did not have, and his chest was flat. His shoulder length hair was also red -- a pure, brilliant, red. The only piece of clothing he wore were blue fern leaves wrapped around his feet. 

A makeshift wooden bow was strapped to his wide muscular chest. He held a makeshift spear in one hand and two wooden arrows in the other. He glanced across the river and hesitated for a moment. Turning around, he planted the spear into the ground and pulled the bow off his chest. 

She tensed on her perch but realized that he hadn't spotted her. He knocked an arrow to the bow and pulled it taut, pointing it towards the forest. She heard something heavy and big rushing through the forest behind her and within a moment it was out in the open. 

As soon as it was out, he let the arrow loose and it zipped towards the massive creature that looked like a cross between a gigantic polar bear and a saber-tooth. Long brown fur matted its skin and two saber teeth jutted down from its upper jaw shaped like a bear's. 

The arrow sank into its shoulder, but it only made the creature madder. It reared itself on its hind legs and gave out an ear-splitting roar that sent birds fluttering over the surrounding forest. 

She trembled as she looked at him to see his reaction. He seemed to know that he faced almost certain doom, but there was no fear on his face; only conviction to fight. He knocked his other arrow and let it loose. It sank into the bear-tiger's nose and it rushed towards him in rage. 

He chucked his bow aside and picked up his flimsy spear. Digging his feet into the ground he held the spear towards the creature. It didn't seem to care for the stick as it charged into him. He shoved his weapon towards its heart with a mighty grunt. 

She heard the snap of wood as the bear fell on him, and something snapped inside her at the same moment. She ran along the branch and jumped towards them, drawing the hand-axe out of her hair as she fell. Her hair opened and spread behind her like a great fan. Clutching the hand-axe with both hands she put her weight behind it. 

Instinct and luck guided the weapon towards the bear-tiger's skull and her weight drove the stone into its head. He, the bear-tiger, and she, all fell on top of one another, and lay unmoving for a moment. 

She was the first one to move as she was the only one that could move - the furry back of the bear-tiger had softened her fall. Raising her head, she found herself once more staring into her hands covered with blood and gore. 

Her stomach lurched and she scrambled off the bear before falling to her knees and throwing up the fruit she had eaten before. She heard a noise behind her, and she fell on her butt, scrambling away from the bear-tiger, only to realize that the sound was coming from underneath it. 

He is alive! She rejoiced. She rushed to bear-tiger and tried moving it off him, but despite her heaves and pushes, the creature proved to be way too heavy for her. 

His movements under the animal turned more desperate. 

Grabbing the clawed arm of the bear-tiger she heaved it up with all her strength. He squirmed underneath the creature and managed wiggle his head out, gasping and heaving for large gulps of air. Finally, he glanced up and spotted his savior. Confusion filled his eyes for a moment, before he began to immerse himself in trying to get out. 

He squirmed and wiggled until he managed to get his shoulders out. She went to him and grabbed him under his arms to try and pull him out. Their combined efforts paid off as he finally broke free and the two off them fell back against each other; his head between her breasts. She felt a strange emotion surge inside her, but she pushed it aside and scrambled away from him before standing up. She was kind, but not dumb. 

He seemed to notice her wariness. Glancing at the bear-tiger and the stone in its head, he seemed to deduce what may have happened. "Thank you! Who are you?" he asked with a smile, without getting up, lest he may startle her. His eyes roamed down to her breasts and then to her groin. "What are you?" 

Her wariness was swept away with those simple questions. "I- I don't know. Who are you, and what are you?" she asked him in return. He seemed quite interested in her breasts and she noticed the thing between his legs grew as he looked at her. 

"Wait, you can speak?" he asked in surprise. 

"So, can you," she replied. The question annoyed her a little. 

"Right, I am sorry. You look so different than I and I thought you were an entirely different creature. As for your other questions, I don't know who I am or what I am either. I woke up a couple of days ago, naked in the grasslands. 

"Had to run away from a flock of Terror Birds. I don't know if you've seen them. They're nasty. I would've been dead if I had not reached the river in time. They seem to be afraid of water," he replied as his eyes seemed to go down the memory lane. His thing shrunk back to his original size. 

She relaxed a little more after hearing him speak. His words made her comfortable. Observing his features, she felt that he may be a little younger than her. And, despite witnessing his mettle against the bear-tiger, he felt harmless. She liked him. 

"What about you?" he asked her. 

"I just woke up this morning. I don't remember or know anything. I do seem to possess some basic knowledge for survival. And yes, I narrowly escaped those birds as well, but not before being attacked by one of their chicks," she said, displaying her wounded hand. 

"Nasty buggers," he cursed, shaking his head. "I am glad you made it out alive, and I am glad to finally find someone like myself. Its been a struggle over the past two days. One creature after another trying to get a piece of me. I was only trying to find some shelter, and this damned Ursa decided to come after my pretty ass," he said, picking up a pebble and chucking at the downed Ursa. 

She smiled at him. If she had not seen him fight against the tiger-bear, she wouldn't have believed that he had ever been in mortal danger. In fact, despite the ordeal he claimed to have gone through, he did not have a single scratch on his body. "So, they are called Ursa and Terror Bird, eh? You seem to know more about the world than I do. Have you retained some of your memory?" she asked him. 

He shook his head. "I just give them names that sound appropriate. Do you have a name?" 

She thought long and hard, but nothing came to her mind. So, she simply shook her head. 

"Blondie!" he declared. 

"Huh?" 

He pointed at her hair. "It's beautiful!" 

Her smile widened. She liked the sound of it, and it seemed to fit her. And, watching him stare at her breasts made her thankful that he hadn't chosen to call her Boobie or Tittie. She was sure he found them beautiful as well. "Do you have a name for yourself?" 

"Well..." he started, leaning back on his hands. "I am stuck between Mr. Awesome or Wonder Boy. What do you think?" 

Blondie broke out into a peal of laughter. 

"What!?" he asked, seemingly annoyed. 

"Oh Goddess, you're serious?" she asked. 

"Maybe..." he said, plucking at the grass. 

"But that's like calling myself Beauty or Pretty," she said with a little giggle. 

"I wouldn't mind calling you either, if you call me Mr. Awesome." 
