 Chapter 2 of the fanfic involving the mythos from Vampire the Requiem, owned by CCP games. Thanks to people who wrote me and gave positive feedback, i'll return to this series again after finishing up another Chronicles of Danny Chapter. Enjoy!

*****

Once she finally put her clothes back on, Kirstin's panic faded and with her cognitive faculties intact, came up with a story that convinced the officers she hadn't let the suspect get down on their knees and give her the best orgasm she'd had in months. The report read that the suspect managed to get the drop on Kirstin as she entered a room, stealing her gun and forcing Kirstin to strip. 

The fact that the story would be documented, that Kirstin was incapable of apprehending a suspect and upholding the dignity of the police department, angered her so much her fist bled from punching the arm rest of her car. She wanted to share the fact that this woman was also capable of moving faster than the blink of an eye and leaping hundreds of feet, but that would already make Kirstin seem more foolish than she already felt.

The next morning Kirstin felt worse. She woke up thinking the night before was just a bad dream, but seeing her teddy bear panties hanging on the rim of her hamper made her collapse onto her pillow, her nails digging into her shoulders as she hugged herself. The faded stain in the crotch made Kirstin feel warm, from face to the center of her core. 

She could recall the strange woman, bangs hanging over the front of her face that grinned up at Kirstin after she had been moaning like a girl experiencing her first sexual encounter. Her words, "I didn't kill that man." Still bothered Kirstin. Why was she there if she wasn't involved, and why waste time seducing a cop when she could have easily sped away?

It was a matching black pants and jacket combo with a dark blue button up to go under it. Kirstin wore it for her interview at the Ann Arbor Police Department, and when she had to do a press conference for a series of robberies on campus. She wasn't sure if it was psychological or just the way it looked on her, but whenever she wore it, she commanded the attention of everyone in the room, attention from any prejudice they might have towards her status as a lesbian woman, or what she looked like naked.

With her badge attached to her belt, Kirstin went out the door to begin one of the most challenging work days of her life. She knew she was in for the long haul the moment she stepped into the lobby. The officer at the desk was an overweight man with a mustache, covering his mouth to hide a smirk as he greeted her. With a sigh, Kirstin stormed past the desk and walked down the hall, keeping her eyes locked as she avoided the gaze of passers by.

"Shit!" Kirstin shouted as she felt her heart rise, almost standing on her tip toes. With her eyes shut, she turned around, not wanting to stare at the woman who called her out. She was an inch taller than Kirstin, dressed in a simple pair of black trousers and white button up with the sleeves rolled, revealing two forearms that looked chiseled from routine training. Her jet-black bangs hung just above her blue eyes, and her ruby red lips spread into a smirk that slanted to the right. She had her hands on her curved hips. With a heavy sigh, Kirstin opened her eyes "Detective Hillier. Nice to see you."

"Glad to see you're in one piece." Hillier said. The Narcotics detective folded her arms and looked over Kirstin, as if her eyes had X ray vision that made Kirstin's feet shift. "I heard you had a ...wild night."

Kirstin's lips tightened as she fought to to keep her composure. "It was. I'm just glad I'm alive and that no one else was hurt."

"I also heard the officers who arrived got quite a show."

"I have a debriefing to make right now so if you'll excuse me." Kirstin said, storming her way past Detective Hillier.

"Hope you catch the suspect, It'd be a shame if the Chief felt you couldn't handle homicide. Lemme know if you ever want to trade!"

Kirstin didn't dignify the remark with a response. Jessica Hillier had wanted homicide when a position opened up but Kirstin beat her to it, having managed to solve a double murder that took place in the suburbs just outside of town. It was unexpected, a step-husband and wife both shot in the head. 

The living room was a mess, picture frames shattered, knick knacks on the floor. People first thought it was a botched robbery, but Hillier thought it was the ex-Husband, another bitter spouse who let jealousy get the best of him. The problem was that he was too busy getting busted for a DUI in Livonia, just thirty miles outside of Ann Arbor.

What Hillier failed to check into was the daughter, whose crocodile tears were convincing enough, but who also had a boyfriend who happened to have a gun in his home. The daughter and her lover stated they were out with friends, but not all of their friends were on the same page. The guilty couple were supposed to be at a party, but it was hard to explain why they didn't show up, when they were killing two parents who didn't think he was a good influence.

The day she closed the case was a high point. Walking to her desk and seeing the stuffed teddy bear sitting on her desk was much lower. Colleagues around Kirstin's desk couldn't hold in their laughter anymore as they saw her stand several feet away, staring at it like it was a grenade. She saw one detective, a man in his 40s smiling at her and she refused to let them get under her skin. 

Grabbing the bear, Kirstin slammed it on her desk and grabbed a letter opener, driving it straight through the bears chest like a stake. "I better not see this shit on my desk again." She said. The violent way she stabbed it again, making sure to scratch the eyes, was enough to wipe the grins off of the police who were still laughing. "Now get back to work. Debriefing in five."

Officers in the room used that command to alleviate the tension in a poorly received prank and leave their desks. Kirstin wanted to avoid eye contact, but tensed her neck muscles to keep her head locked in place, her eyes like daggers aimed at anyone who walked past her. When people went back to business, she walked inside the small meeting room that was designed like a lecture hall, using the five minutes to close her eyes and breathe. 

By the time she reached ten full breaths, the other homicide detectives filed in. Once everyone was seated, Kirstin stood at the other side of the room behind a large white dry erase board. Written in black ink were all of the open cases, including the current one that cost her dignity.

The last one to enter was a man in a white shortsleeve shirt and black tie, bringing a rushed silence to the room. Five decades had changed his black hair to a dark grey and his cheeks were only slightly beginning to sag. Although shorter than Kirstin, his massive arms hinted at a time when he had chiseled biceps in his heyday, but that time was gone and his expertise as Chief of police resided in Daryl Burk. 

His posture was slouched as he made his way to the front of the room, giving Kirstin a slight nod before standing beside her. His face remained the same, stoic and looking like he hadn't gotten any sleep. If he did hear about what happened to her, his body language didn't show. "Good morning everyone." He said before turning to Kirstin. "What do we got detective?'

"Last night a male student, age 24 was murdered in his home in Harper Wood apartments." Kirstin began. "His name was Matthew Varnes, a student at the business college. Victim was found with his neck severed. There were no signs that this was a break in, although a window was left open. " Kirstin felt her stomach turn in knots as she breathed in deep to continue. "A suspect was spotted outside in the fire escape. She is a woman in her mid 30s, was wearing a business suit and had short cropped auburn hair."

She saw a detective in the front, arms folded and a smirk on his face. "Was she apprehended?"

Kirstin's nostrils flared and she curtly responded, "Suspect got away after jumping me," Kirstin responded in a curt tone.

"What else happened Detective?"

"Enough." Chief Burk called out, "Might I remind you all the person responsible for this crime is still out there and the specifics of how Detective Delaney lost them isn't as relevant as to what other facts we know about the victim and their KAs."

That shut the men up and Kirstin felt some sense of relief that at least one person was on her side. "Speaking of which." She said in a low tone, "I'd advise those assigned to the case to start looking into the victim's classmates, teachers, anyone that might know if he was seeing someone." There was one evidence that officers mentioned to Kirstin when she returned from her chase. "At the moment, all we know is that the suspect was seeing a therapist. Dr. Sakeena Fakhoury. I'm going to speak with Dr. Fakhoury today. I doubt there will be much she can share due to client confidentiality, but I'd rather turn it over."

Chief Burk folded his arms. "We're already under pressure from the University and concerned parents. Harper Wood apartments was meant to be a secure complex. It won't be long before students and families will want some answers so get to it detectives. Dismissed."

Kirstin wanted to move before she could overhear any comment made by someone in homicide. Calloused fingers wrapped around her shoulder to stop momentum and she turned to see Chief Burks' worn face. "I spoke with the two officers who responded to the call." He said with a soft pitch, making sure he was in close proximity to Kirstin so the others wouldn't hear. "I don't know what happened, but the officers reported that you had...um...been assaulted?"

The word made Kirstin's cheeks turn red again. Bringing her back to that night, making her wonder if it was a non-consensual act. The loss of her clothes was something she didn't want, being seen by her officers was also an outcome she didn't, but what came after that? It had been something she'd wanted for months and from someone very much fitting to the description of the suspect. 

Feminine face, but rather masculine dress, gentle hands that curled into the waistband of her panties as they pulled them down, her warm lips kissing Kirstin where she'd longed to be kissed. She felt her body sweating underneath and she lowered her eyes. "no...she just..disarmed me." She said.

The chief raised an eyebrow but noticed the blush across Kirstin's face. "I just...want to make sure you're okay. If you have anything else you should need from me, let me know. I'm sorry the officers spread gossip, but I'll make sure it doesn't get out to the press."

Kirstin could see the headline now, Homicide Detective caught with pants down, who protects Ann Arbor if she can't protect herself? "Thanks chief. It won't happen again. I got to go, the doctor is waiting for me."

***

Sakeena Fakhoury's office was located in the heart of downtown Ann Arbor in a business complex off of Fourth Street. It shared space with law firm but Dr. Fakhoury had the luxury of residing in the second floor. Kirstin had arranged to meet with Fakhoury after her last patient. When she knocked on the door to the office, a woman in her sixties opened it. Thick black glasses sat atop her wrinkled face and she wore an Aqua blue dress under a knit sweater. "Oh hello, you must be the police officer Dr. Fakhouri mentioned." She said.

Yes Ma'am. Is she ready to see me?" Kirstin asked. The inside was a small waiting room painted lavender, with a brown couch placed against the wall. The tall lamp by its side was out and there was a vacuum standing behind the desk.

Kirstin nodded and stepped inside, walking past the desk and down the long hallway. With the dark tone of the walls barely lit up by the single light shining at the end of the hall, she was reminded of her apartment and how lonely it seemed.. When she was closer Kirstin could see that it was left open just a crack. This didn't stop her from lightly knocking three times.

Kirstin opened the door and saw a wide room with a large maroon rug on the ground. In the center was a black coffee table with a box of tissue. In front of the table was a large black sofa with pillows, no doubt for the wounded patients that came to find a safe space to be held in while they were stripped bare of their psychic armor. Adjacent to the couch was a wide desk, placed several feet away from the tall window to the outside. 

In front of the desk was a leather chair, sitting on wheels. Sitting in the chair was a woman in her late 30s, her dark black hair flowed down to the middle of her back. She wore a grey skirt and a white long sleeve blouse, Kirstin could see the spaghetti strap to the top she wore underneath. When she spun around, Kirstin saw Dr. Sakeena Fakhouri, rising from her seat. Her thin rimmed glasses sat upon a long nose that pointed out, giving her eyes a sharp look that seemed to see right through Kirstin.

Her lips were coated with a dark red lipstick and they spread into a wide smile as she spoke. "You must be Detective Delaney." She said, extending her hand to give Kirstin a firm handshake.

"Thank you for meeting me so late in the evening doctor. I'll try to make this quick."

"Oh please you can call me Sakeena and don't worry, I work many late hours, I've grown used to it." Sakeena said with a smile as she gestured for Kirstin to sit in the couch. She turned back to her desk to finish typing whatever notes she had and then closed her laptop. As she bent forward, Kirstin couldn't help but stare at the therapists' backside, watching as the skirt draped over her upper thigh. "So, you wanted to speak with me about a client?"

"Yes, Matthew Varnes, he was a patient of yours?" Kirstin quickly said, snapping out of her trance.

Sakeena nodded, puckering her lips as she folded a leg over the other. The kick she made was wide, almost as if she was a dancer, Kirstin swore she could have seen a flash of something else under her skirt. "He was. I'm afraid what I can share is limited due to client confidentiality. Even after their passing I have to respect it."

Kirstin sighed and leaned back in the seat. "I understand. Anything you can share would be helpful. Do you know if he mentioned anything about being in danger, anyone he might have met recently?"

Sakeena shook her head. "I'm sorry I can't tell you whether he did or not. What I can say is that legally, there wasn't any sign that gave me the inclination to notify authorities. Our ethics code requires me to notify the law if my client is in danger to themselves or someone else. I know that isn't much, but perhaps it can be used to rule things out.

Kirstin cracked her knuckles and bit her lip. "Is there anyway you could release that information? Surely this has happened before where someone needed information about a client who passed.

"That would be great." Kirstin said as she walked out the door, slightly relieved to be out of the couch and away from those invasive eyes. She took one step out into the hallway and heard the squeal of the door shut before she felt something hard strike her in the back of the head. Kirstin grunted as she stumbled forward, reaching for her gun as she collapsed on the ground.

***

She itched, and she was cold. Those were the first sensations that woke Kirstin from her coma. Adding to the discomfort was a bright light that made her recoil as her eyes squinted. She jerked back and realized she was seated. Another blinding light went off and she tried to raise her arm, unable to do so as she felt something soft digging into it. 

She tried to speak but all she could say was a murmur, the taste of cotton in the back of her tongue, something was wrapped around her mouth so far that she almost gagged. She opened her eyes and saw two women standing in Sakeena's office. Sakeena and the woman who Kirstin chased on the rooftop. Her hand was raised, and in it was a familiar looking black suit with a blue shirt underneath.

"MMPF!" Kirstin mumbled as she recognized her suit before looking down. She squealed when she saw the front of her white tank top as well as her white cotton string bikini briefs with strawberries printed on them. The elastic waistband had the words "Jockey" printed along it and Kirstin could also see the tips of her white socks sticking out. A black rope was wrapped around her torso and legs, keeping her bound in a wooden chair. Kirstin instantly squeezed her legs together, kicking her feet in frustration and panic as she managed to get stripped a second time.

"Easy now." The mysterious woman with the pixie cut said. She wore a dark green business jacket over khaki pants. Next to her was a trash can and she held Kirstin's power suit over it. "I'd hate to ruin this outfit. She turned to Sakeena and the psychologist held up a plastic bottle of lighter fluid. She bent down to drag a metal trashcan right below the dress before squeezing the bottle to shoot a stream of the noxious liquid out.

"Dctr Fkhri?" Kirstin mumbled under her gag.

"Sorry Detective." Sakeena said with a warm smile as she set the bottle on the table. "Just be a good woman and you can conceal those erm...interesting undergarments." Her eyes lowered to Kirstin's lower half, forcing Kirstin to point her feet inward as she lowered her head, her eyes stinging from tears starting to develop.

"Now we'll play a game." The mysterious woman said, "You do everything we ask, answering questions I ask and I'll let you walk out of here with your clothes on. Disobey any order, and an article of clothing will get burned. Okay?"

The thought of her power suit getting ruined made Kirstin's adrenaline run high. She shook her head as she tried to bounce free, rocking back and forth to try and loosen the ropes, screaming as loud as she could for help.

"Not what I wanted to hear." The woman said, dropping Kirstin's shoe into the trash. The metal echo it made sobered Kirstin up and she gasped when she realized she was already losing articles of clothing. "Will you be quiet now?'

Kirstin nodded her head, her blonde locks falling out of the hair tie keeping it in place. "Good, Sakeena, remove her mouth gag."

"Yes Doctor." Fakhouri said as she walked towards Kirstin, bending forward so she could reach around and undo the knot that held her gag in place. As soon as Kirstin felt the cloth's grip weaken around her mouth, she swallowed what spit accumulated in her mouth and sneered at Fakhouri. "You'll be under arrest for this you bitch!"

Thud! Her last shoe fell into the garbage. "Do not speak to her like that." the nameless, Doctor said.

Kirstin's eyes widened. "B-but I didn't mean...you didn't ask me anything!"

"Being toxic is not what I want. I have a proposition for you, but not if you're trying to play the tough cop, which is kind of hard since you're tied up in your cute little undies."

The comment made Kirstin push against the rope, enraged at being bested a second time, and worst of all, she was clearly onto something based on being double crossed, but there was nothing else she could do. Her face was red now that her panties were the focus of conversation and she tried to swivel her hips in a way that would conceal them. She could see the Doctor's head tilt as her eyes stared at her crotch, making Kirstin tremble at being objectified.

"That's an old pair...don't you ever go shopping?"

Kirstin turned her head, "Sh-shut up. Just tell me what you want."

"Oh my...is that...a stain in the center?"

Kirstin gasped again and she tried to pull her legs free to cross her legs, all she could do was rub her thighs together as she fought to cover the faded dark stain in the center of her groin, so worn that the blonde hairs to her mons pubis could be seen. "H...how can you see from there?"
