 A very slow built story about a character's transformation from being male to... Both? There are sexy bits and they become more frequent as the story moves on, but they are not the main focus. 

Please do not expect any quick thrill out of this story, but make the most of the progressive development of the protagonist(s).

Also this is my first attempt at writing erotic literature. The feedback I've been receiving has continued to be very helpful and rewarding, whether they be appreciation, encouragements, nitpicks or good old advice. Please don't hesitate to message or comment if there is anything you'd like to say.

Some of you have noticed that the basic transformation is taken from an anime called 'Ranma 1/2'. I freely admit having inspired myself directly from that for the physical change, but I would really like to credit 'The Blue Necklace' by MissLisaJones, another story on this site, for inspiring me in my writing.

For whoever is interested, I strongly recommend both 'The blue Necklace' and 'Ranma 1/2' as they are very good pieces of fiction within their area.

I'm also trying to spend more time on the writing and the plot so as to produce longer, more complete episodes. Tell me what you think about it, even if it's just to shout "go faster!". I like to know what people think of what I write and what they want from it.

*****

October 18, 2014

I woke up around nine this morning, feeling extremely happy as I lay in bed. I stretched inside my bed, marveling at how big it now seemed, and grouped up my hair which seemed to have spread out from my head into a tangled mess over my pillow. It felt incredibly cozy and warm under the sheets, and I passed my hand over my calves, enjoying how perfectly smooth and firm they felt.

Feeling a little overdressed for bed, I then pulled my t-shirt and shorts off, throwing them onto the floor before hugging myself beneath the sheets, feeling extremely comfortable and enjoying the still rather new sensation of my lace underwear on my skin. I brushed it lightly with my hand, first my bra, and then my panties, feeling down in wonder at the complete absence of bulge between my legs.

I was stopped short there, as I felt a small fold in my panties where the fabric pulled slightly into the crease of my vulva, forming an unmistakable camel toe. I found the idea rather embarrassing, and decided that I should perhaps switch to some other underwear in the future, as I absentmindedly traced the length of the crease with my fingers. A sudden twinge from my groin made me stop, as I felt a very sensitive part of my new sex throbbing under my fingers.

I paused, surprised at how sensitive it felt as I rested my finger in place, breathing in deeply as I thought about my yet unexplored and most intimate part of my female body. I could sense a distinctive heat emanating from my crotch and coursing throughout my body, making me feel slightly hot and sweaty. It felt intense, although not at all uncomfortable. Finally, I decided myself and slipped my hand into my panties.

There, I touched my slit, a long gash between my legs, pointing from my perineum and culminating in a tiny knob of flesh, which felt very delicate as I touched it. I tried spreading the lips slightly with my index and middle finger, but soon felt the tightness of my flesh as I did so. I then, tentatively, tried inserting the end of my index between the lips, teasing them open as I prodded into myself. I could feel the heat increasing a little, making the extremity of my entire skin tingle tantalizingly.

As my right hand slowly prodded my new, soft, raw and sensitive insides, I became wrestles, itching for contact, for warmth as I squirmed embarrassedly at my own touch. As I hugged myself with my left arm, I accidentally nudged my left breast and felt a slight increase in the heat now seeming to emanate from my entire center. Surprised, I slowly cupped my breast with my hand, realizing how sensitive it was, how delicate it felt.

This was all strange to me. I knew that this was female arousal, but it seemed to be coming from my entire being, not just my groin. I could feel the slight burning of the fire that controlled me intensify for each movement I made, each light friction the skin of my neck and shoulders made with my sheets. I could hear my breathing now, as I wriggled slightly on my back, my finger still teasing my opening as its' tip explored the soft flesh between my lips.

I wasn't losing control, or feeling the usual scorching need from my groin, nor did I feel like I was on the edge at anytime. Instead, I was simply enjoying the slow burn as it slowly spread pulsed through my entire body, making me breath a little heavily and muffling my hearing with the low buzz of my arousal. I was closing my eyes now, when I heard a knock on my door.

My eyes flew open in panic, and I pulled my sheets up to my chin and waited silently as I stared at the door of my room. It was horrible, as if I had been caught doing something terrible, something dirty, or something dishonorable... After a short wait, I heard a soft voice tentatively calling my name. I didn't dare answer. The voice called again, and I heard, to my horror, the latch of my door opening, as it was unlocked from the other side.

The door opened slowly, and Henry's head appeared, looking cautious. He called my name again.

"Elise?" He whispered, "Are you awake?"

"Y-yes," I answered, realizing I had stopped breathing, "What's wrong, Henry?"

"Nothing really," he said, "I just thought you might want to know that the others are gone for the day."

Suddenly I felt furious. How could he scare me like that? Especially if he knew that there was no one else in the house, how could he leave me in such a state of worry, even for a second? Furthermore, how dare he take my key, let alone unlock and open my door without my permission? What if he'd caught me at the wrong moment, doing... Doing... Doing this...? I suddenly felt even more sharply aware of how vulnerable I was under my sheets, and how embarrassing my situation was.

I growled, pulling my left arm out from under the covers to through my pillow at him. He laughed lightheartedly, catching the pillow easily as he looked down at me, apparently oblivious to my level of undress beneath my sheets.

"Calm down there little miss," He chuckled, giving me a wink, which only made me more irate, "What's wrong? I thought this was good news I was giving you..."

I eyed the key in his hands, and he suddenly seemed to notice.

"Oh that! I'm sorry but I didn't want to leave the door unlocked when I left the room last night in case the others were to barge in... As I didn't want to wake you, I just took your key to lock your door behind me. I couldn't lock your door from outside without the key, so what else could I do? Sleep in your bed?"

I wasn't sure whether he was being apologetic or teasing, but I felt myself blush deeply. Now I thought about it, it all made sense, and I could not think of a valid reason to be angry with him. However, my embarrassment at my situation and my mistake stopped me from backing down, and I glared at him as I tried to hide my shame. Eventually getting the hint, he backed out of the room slowly, looking a little worried.

As soon as he was gone, and the door closed, I got up and shook myself, feeling guilty. I knew I shouldn't have been so harsh on him, but I just couldn't allow myself to be caught out like that... It was embarrassing enough as a guy, so as Elise... I quickly put on a slightly too large t-shirt, looking for comfort.

I quickly followed it up by the pair of shorts I had slept with, which I tried to pull on only to realize that my panties were slightly moist at the crotch. This patch of wetness only made me blush at the realization of where it had come from and why, as I swiftly covered my panties with the shorts. I then took my usual male dressing gown and wrapped the huge thing around myself, feeling as if I were swimming in the robe.

Feeling better covered and comforted, I walked out of my room, and took in a deep breath as I turned my mind back to my utter freedom for the day, and the lack of risks of being spotted. A single sniff was enough to tell me someone was making bacon and eggs, and I moved to the sitting room just as henry carried in a frying pan, still sizzling with a delicious looking breakfast.

I savored the look and smell for an instant, before turning to the table, where I saw cutlery for two. Realizing that the wake up call had all been part of a timed plan to surprise me with breakfast, I bit my lip, feeling suddenly a lot worse. Henry simply started serving the bacon and eggs generously, not looking up at me. I decided to apologize, but he cut me off before I'd even uttered a sound.

"I'm sorry, Elise," he said, looking up at me looking shameful, "I didn't mean to scare you or anything... I should have asked you for the key."

I gaped at him for an instant, too stunned for words. I knew Henry well enough to know when he felt at fault for something, but I'd never actually seen him apologize so openly and shamefully to anyone before...

"Are... Are you kidding?" I asked him, "You only did what you thought was best for me! The last thing I'd want would be to be caught unawares by the other two... And as for this..." I glanced back down at the delicious food, "It definitely is worth any wake-up call, however rough it may be. I'm the one who should be sorry, mate. I'm the one who acted like a real bitch and I shouldn't be like that after what you're doing for me, and..."

I trailed away, realizing what I'd just said, what I'd just called myself. I felt my cheeks redden at what that meant. Henry was just staring at me, a little wide-eyed. He finally sat down, and gestured me to do the same, before digging in. I didn't need to be asked twice, and started going through my bacon and eggs. 

They were cooked to perfection, having obviously been added separately so as to make the bacon crispy and the egg yolk nice and runny, covered with a thin layer of salt, pepper and herbs and encased inside a large onion ring which gave it a perfect shape whilst making it slightly thick. The whole thing was incredible, as I ate it accompanied with crispy and yet still slightly moist toasts that Henry had cut from his favorite stash in the fridge, and just brought out of the toaster.

As I finally ground to a stop, I felt another pang of guilt as I realized that I could never finish my food, and cursed myself for my smaller eating abilities as a girl. Henry didn't seem to mind though, as he quickly noticed that I had stopped and scooped my remains into his plate, gobbling them down in a matter of seconds.

After breakfast, we both sat there, looking absolutely stuffed, and glancing at each other with contented smiles. Having finally found the energy to sit up straight, Henry asked me:

"So... What should we do today? Want to go shopping again like last week, you seemed to enjoy that?"

I reddened again at the blurry memories of that strange buying frenzy I had done about a week ago, and shook my head.

"I... I don't want to go shopping Henry. More than that, I don't like shopping!"

"You looked like you were having fun last time..." He pointed out.

"I don't know... I don't think that was me!" I tried to answer, feeling confused. Indeed, now that I thought of it, my strange memories didn't seem to make sense. "How do you expect me to walk in and start buying loads of clothes willy-nilly, without even knowing my measurements? I don't have a clue what most of what I bought was, except that an actual girl generally seems to spend a lot more time than that trying to work out what to wear. God, they have magazines, ads, fashion shows and the rest..."

"So... What are you saying?" Henry asked.

"That..." God this felt hard to explain, even to myself, "I guess it wasn't me buying those things, or at least if it was, I wasn't entirely myself... I don't know... But I definitely know that I personally have no idea how to shop for girls' clothes, and I definitely don't like the idea...". I took a deep breath before continuing. "I'm wondering if it's part of my... My... This!" I said, waving my hand towards myself. "It makes me a... Um... Well, a female, but not entirely. I guess it must take a few shortcuts."

"So you're actually saying you didn't enjoy buying those frilly panties for yourself?" Henry asked, half amused, half incredulous. I growled at him.

We quickly changed subject after that, trying to find something else to occupy ourselves. We chatted for a while about work, and I tried to explain to Henry how, from a physicists' point of view, classical, relativistic and quantum physics had to be first clearly separated to understand how the different scales interacted. He showed far more interest in the subject than he usually did, but I could soon tell he was getting bored.

After I fell silent, feeling a little awkward and geeky, I noticed how intently he seemed to be staring at me, and averted my gaze. He quickly realized what he was doing and looked down at his feet in embarrassment. After an awkward moment, he finally spoke.

"So... What now? We've got all day free, we should do stuff."

"Like what?"

"Well... We could watch a film," He proposed.

"I think I've seen enough television for the while thanks."

"Well I don't know... How about going for a run?"

I snorted. It sounded a little weird from me.

"Are you joking? Do you have any idea how much weaker I am in this body?"

"Not really," he answered, "And I doubt you do either. Anyway, this isn't some test of strength, just a bit of cardio."

I looked at him doubtfully.

"Oh come one!" he exclaimed, "We both know that you've at least got a fit body, whether weak or not. How about making the most of it instead of letting it fatten up?"

"Oh all right..." I accepted grudgingly, feeling my cheeks burn a little at his complements.

I went to fetch some shoes, deciding that my current outfit would do for a run. Sadly, I didn't seem to have bought any female sports shoes, so I had to put on my oversized tennis shoes, feeling my feet sliding around in them despite wearing many layers of socks to fill them in. I then tied them up as tightly as I could, and came out. Henry was waiting for me in his own shorts and t-shirt, pumping himself up for the run and jogging a little on the spot.

I noticed that he looked even huger like that, wearing a plain white t-shirt and grunting low under his breath as he got himself ready, doing a few stretches. I felt like a little kid getting ready to run with an ogre. We set off soon, going at a comfortable pace down a slight slope as we warmed up. The sun felt great on my skin as we ran through the still slightly fresh morning air. The roads started blurring by as I lost track of where we were going, following Henry as he decided on the route. 

He had been right about one thing though: my cardio wasn't as bad as I expected, and I found myself lasting far longer than I'd have thought, even with a huge breakfast weighing me down, as we went down winding paths, up along a railway and then back down into town. It was exhilarating to just jog down road after road, making the most of my speed and reveling in the abilities of my own supernatural body.

It was also a little liberating to be able to just run around in the open as Elise, without any worries of being turned suddenly, or caught in an unfortunate scenario by someone I knew. I nearly felt like spreading my arms out like wings as we crossed a lovely old bridge, taking in my environment, when we crossed two guys who were walking the opposite direction. I didn't pay them much attention as we passed them, but I distinctly heard one of them wolf-whistle at me once we were a few meters away.

Suddenly feeling embarrassed again, I looked up at the back of Henry's neck, which I saw was also reddening. He had obviously heard, and was slowing down as if to turn back, but I caught up with him at that point and pushed him a little forwards, encouraging him to drop it. He did, but a few minutes later, he stopped next to a bench, and waited for me to arrive.

We were both panting from the miles we'd just run, and I started to do a few stretches against the bench as Henry brought a bottle of water out of one of his huge pockets. He took a few big gulps, emptying half of it straight, before handing it to me. I took it, feeling incredibly thirsty as I put it to my lips. As I drank, I heard Henry speak.

"God those stupid bastards! I should have taught them a lesson for acting like that with you."

"You and me both," I said, trying to laugh a little. He wasn't amused. "Oh come on, mate... It's not as if you've never acted like that before."

He remained silent, but I could see he was getting uncomfortable.

"Anyway," I quickly added, "Hasn't it always been your motto that you deal with your problems with other people, and let me deal with mine?"

"Yea... Well," He seemed a little flushed. "It's different here. It isn't as if you'd been looking for trouble or anything. And... It wouldn't be fair to expect you to be able to teach them a lesson."

I frowned at him. It was annoying to admit how much more vulnerable I was now, let alone hear other people speak about it openly. Nevertheless, he was perfectly right, and we both knew it. I was greatly disadvantaged in a fight against a single guy now, let alone two. It was strange, because I knew that both Henry and Erik were the type to tackle two at a time if they felt angry enough...

After a few stretches, we continued jogging, in an all together more subdued atmosphere. I was finding the uphill run back to our house very tiring now, as my legs started aching badly, and my lungs burnt painfully. It was a long and arduous run, as I felt my calves cramping and my movements slowing. I tried to soldier on, as I think I was both trying to prove to Henry, and to myself at that point, that I was still perfectly capable, whether female or not.

I only just made it to the house, however, feeling my legs on the verge to give way as I lent against a wall, panting heavily. I looked up to see Henry looking just as tired, with a red face a heaving chest, despite a stoic look on his face.

"I'm... I'm exhausted..." I panted.

"Oh come... Come one... It wasn't that... Hard..." Henry gasped back, as he tried, and failed, to keep control of his wheezes.

"Either way... I need a shower." I stated, deciding to ignore that jibe.

I picked up my towel from my room and clambered the stairs painfully, trying to heave my leaden legs along with me. I finally got to the bathroom, hung the towel, stripped, and clambered into the shower. I couldn't stand the idea of warm water in my overheated state, and washed in a cold shower, appreciating deeply the feeling of the cool water against my skin.

I washed my body first, quickly soaping, scrubbing and rinsing all the nooks and crannies, as I still did not feel entirely at home with my new privates. I then poured shampoo over my hair and started rubbing it in, quickly realizing that these long curls required me to be a lot more thorough than the short brush I usually washed. I made a mental note to wash my hair as a male next time.

I finally stepped out of the shower, refreshed and clean, drying my self off with the towel. It was easy enough, although I was a little cautious as I dried between my legs, unsure how sensitive it'd make me. I didn't encounter any problems, however, until I tried drying my long strands of hair, which were now impeding my vision and seemed to have absorbed as much water as possible. I tried my best, squeezing out my hair as best I could with the towel, but however much I tried, I couldn't dry it entirely, and felt with frustration the long humid strands tickling my shoulders and back.
