 "I really need to get back to the station." Kirstin re-iterated as she walked up the steps to Sakeena's house.

"Yeah but you need pants first, unless you want to go to work in your tightey whities."

The joke made Kirstin's fists tighten, another knock on her sense of pride. It was true she did feel incomplete, even with Sakeena's coat acting as a skirt. "Okay fine, just hurry please."

The urgency in going back to the department and speaking with Helena made Kirstin forget about her state of undress as well as her discovery of Melissa's secret. Instead, Kirstin's mind struggled to compartmentalize the events that occurred when she interviewed Helena and what Alan just told her. She waited until she was inside Sakeena's home to ask, "How the fuck did that shirt get in her room?"

"Well I'd think it would be obvious." Sakeena began, "Either she killed him, or it was planted, which leads to the question of why." she gestured for Kirstin to follow her into the laundry room, "Do you have a preference as to a type of pants?"

"Umm, jeans if you have them." Kirstin didn't want to offend Sakeena with size, thinking back to seeing her curvaceous hips.

Bending down, Sakeena opened the dryer and rifled through a pile of clothes, humming to herself before shutting the door. "I don't have any down here. I do up in my room. While you're waiting, take of your panties and I'll wash them."

Kirstin's hands pressed tighter against her crotch as she looked at Sakeena. "My panties?"

"Yeah, they're dirty from that dog biting into them. Just take them off."

"But, I'll be going camo then."

Sakeena's eyebrow raised. "And that would be a problem for you?"

"I mean...it'd be my..parts rubbing against your jeans." Kirstin said in a low voice, the act of intimacy making her heart rise. She hoped she wouldn't have to explicitly state that if she did go camo, it would be more than her blonde pubic hair touching Sakeena's jeans.

"Ugh fine. You can put on one of mine." Sakeena said as she walked past Kirstin. "There should be some in the dryer, I'll be right back."

With her mouth open in astonishment, Kirstin watched Sakeena disappear up the steps, leaving her to stare at the dryer once more in disbelief at what she just heard. Was she really allowing Kirstin to rifle through her unmentionables? She unwrapped the coat and set it on the washer. She knelt down in front of the dryer and opened the door to find a pile of Sakeena's clothes.

Despite being given permission, Kirstin felt perverse the moment she touched the clothes. She'd arrested prowlers before, thinking back to the salacious men who sniffed panties and did other things with them. It wasn't too long ago that she did her own snooping into Sakeena's things, an excavation that led to the discovery of another erotic desire she had.

As she rifled through the dryer, Kirstin recalled the rainbow colored panties Sakeena wore and wondered if that was all the doctor had. So far, Kirstin hadn't found any panties, just shirts and socks. It wasn't until she felt something lacey that she quickly grabbed it, wanting to get her own soiled panties off. She held her hand over her mouth as soon as she realized what it was.

The lace was pink, lining the waistband and leg holes of the almost V-shaped undergarments. The rest of it was purple, a cotton thong that almost disappeared as it curved around the back. She would have preferred something more modest, but instead of putting them back, Kirstin held them with both hands, trying to imagine Sakeena in them, the V accentuating her front while revealing the plump cheeks of her backside.

Standing up, Kirstin pulled her panties down, the damp feeling in between her legs still present. After being single for as long as she was, Kirstin didn't see a need to wear thongs anymore. It was when she stepped into Sakeena's that the bare feeling of her thighs brought her back to the last time she wore a pair, a sense of vulnerability, like it was meant to be worn so hands could grab her ass while she locked lips with a partner. Even with consenting to wear them, there was a judgment Kirstin made, she was being naughty.

With her buttocks uncovered, Kirstin still felt naked, but being in Sakeena's clothes, made her enjoy the fantasy. The fresh cotton against her sex made Kirstin breath heavy as her hands traveled down her sides and along the top of the thong, her fingers exploring the lace as she thought about Sakeena in them. 

The idea that a psychologist would be so racy made Kirstin's mind wander. She thought back to standing outside of Sakeena's office and imagined breaking in, pinning Sakeena against her desk to lift up her skirt and expose herself. her wrists would be handcuffed behind her back, allowing Kirstin's hands to take their time in traveling against Sakeena's ass, soft until Kirstin's nails dragged across them. The icing on the cake was when she pulled the tiny string to the side, her fingers reaching towards Sakeena's anus and finding the black drawstring to the beads she had inside her.

Opening her eyes, Kirstin went to throw her own panties in the washer and gasped when she felt something cold against her womanhood. Looking down, she pulled the top of the waistband and examined the inside, noticing a dark stain on the inside. "Shit." she whispered as she folded both hands over her crotch. Not twenty minutes ago she had let her desires get the best of her and here she was, losing control once more. The damage was done and since there was no turning back, she didn't see the harm in returning to her fantasy.

Closing her eyes, Kirstin pressed harder into the panties, pressing the cotton against her tender sex and rubbed at a slow pace, each stroke making her shudder as she imagined making Sakeena tremble with every pull of the beads. The stoic nature of her professionalism would be shattered, reducing her to a moaning submissive who begged Kirstin for more as she was brought closer to the edge. While one hand did the pulling, Kirstin's other hand would reach under and explore how wet she made Sakeena.

Resting against the washer, Kirstin's mouth opened as she rubbed faster, her other hand traveling up her shirt to grope her breasts.

"Okay I think these will fit-OH!" Sakeena squealed once she saw Kirstin in the midst of self pleasure.

Shrieking, Kirstin opened her eyes and turned to the side, raising a leg as she kept her hands over her wet panties. "Shit! Fuck! I'm sorry!" she shouted, turning her head. Unbeknownst to her, with her leg raised, Sakeena could see a side profile of Kirstin's lower half, bare legs protecting her front but showing off the entire back side of her thigh. That she caught Kirstin a second time masturbating made Sakeena wonder how fragile her resolve was against desire, the contrast of her being in law enforcement making Sakeena's body temperature rise.

"Jesus! Sakeena I didn't mean.." Kirstin began to say. She looked up and saw Sakeena move forward, reaching out to press her finger over Kirstin's lips to shush her.

"It's okay." she whispered, a smile spreading across her lips. "I didn't think you'd wear those." she dropped the jeans and wrapped her arms around Kirstin, the fear of violating professional ethics out of her consciousness since it was Kirstin who was technically violating them. In Sakeena's opinion, she had Kirstin in the palm of her hand. "I like you in these." She said, letting her hands travel down to grasp both halves of Kirstin's ass, the soft flesh making Sakeena's own loins tense up.

Gasping again at the touch of someone else, Kirstin held onto Sakeena for stability and leaned forward to kiss her. The wet sensation of Sakeena's mouth reminded Kirstin of what she'd been missing and she leaned harder to reveal how much she wanted more. With her body primed for sex, she lost her resolve and slid her hands under the back of Sakeena's shirt, running her hands against the psychologists' back and gently dragging her nails against her dark skin.

The nails felt less like talons, and more like an electric current, bringing a shiver to Sakeena's spine. She responded by giving a kiss of her own, opening her mouth to invite Kirstin's tongue, both of them taking their time, every flick of their tongue a foreshadow of what else was in store. Sakeena pushed Kirstin against the washer, making her wince at the ice cold touch of metal against her backside.

The fact that Kirstin wasn't laughed at for being caught masturbating and instead, rewarded with intimacy made Kirstins' embrace around Sakeena that much tighter. Regardless of the cruelty towards each other in the past, in this moment, she was half naked and didn't feel embarrassed because she was desired.

"Take off my skirt." Sakeena whispered.

Kirstin didn't need to be told, her hands were already there, touching the zipper. Pinching it with her fingers, Kirstin pulled it down and dug into the open flaps, letting them slide down to run her hands against the silk that covered Sakeena's curvy buttocks. Kirstin wanted to see what panties Sakeena wore, but didn't want to break contact with her lips.

"Pull them."

"What?" Kirstin whispered, taking the moment away from Sakeena's mouth to kiss her neck.

"Mmmmmmm...Grab the back and pull as hard as you can." she said, demonstrating by grabbing the back of Kirstin's thong and pulling up.

The pain shot in between Kirstin's legs and through her pelvic floor, all she could do was push harder into Sakeena. By now, her womanhood quivered and she responded by obeying Sakeena's command. With both hands, Kirstin' grabbed the back of Sakeena's panties and pulled them back over her posterior before pulling up and turning it into an improvised thong. 

The moan that erupted from Sakeena's mouth made Kirstin smile as she nibbled at Sakeena's lip. "Oh you're so fucking hot." she hissed, pushing her nails harder into Sakeena's ass before giving it a hard spank. Like hitting a waterbed, Kirstin held her hand still to feel the ripples of her impact while Sakeena removed Kirstin's jacket to run her hands under Kirstin's shirt.

The strike sent a minor shockwave in between Sakeena's legs, causing her to fall weak in the knees for a moment. This in sync with her underwear being pulled made her wet, feeling it push against Kirstin's own groin. Biting her lower lip, Sakeena cupped her hand and retaliated with her own spank, this one hard enough that the slap echoed in the room. 

The gasp that escaped Kirstin's lips made Sakeena melt, the stoic nature of what fit into her schema of officers inconsistent with the panting woman she locked arms with. At least, Kirstin seemed helpless until she gave a harder spank, one that left a harsh sting on Sakeena's right hindquarters. Surprises were always nice.

"We should really get back to the station.." Kirstin whispered, not at all loosening her grip. Her other hand was placed on Sakeena's hip, using it as stability so she could position her own womanhood over Sakeena's leg and grind harder against her thigh. Kirstin's sex trembled, the spanking bringing her closer to the edge. Her muscles ached from being tense but her hips continued to buck against Sakeena, sliding back and forth over her leg.

Letting go of the thong to reach around and lock her fingers together, Sakeena pulled Kirstin closer and raised her own leg to push harder, forcing Kirstin's mouth to open as she cooed.

"Fuck the station...I want you to fuck me." without waiting, she raised her hands under Kirstin's shirt again to grab her breasts, pulling at her nipples.

Already sensitive from the foreplay, Kirstin winced, more at how Sakeena took liberty with touching her body than with how the pressure on her swollen breasts made her knees wobble. Jerking tighter on the back of Sakeena's underwear, Kirstin pulled up as hard as she could, so much so she heard the fabric tear. The small laundry room was filled with the moans of both women as they fought harder to become one, their sexes sliding against each other and transferring an invisible energy that would grew the more they kissed.

With a surge of endorphins running through her brain, Kirstin wanted to experience every carnal pleasure that Sakeena wanted. Kirstin knew just what secret that was. WIthout breaking contact, Kirstin pulled the back of Sakeena's ruined panties to the side, allowing Kirstin's hand to slide over the dip between Sakeena's rear cheeks. Kirstin wondered if she would find the end of the black beads hidding inside Sakeena and just when she was about to use her finger to find out, she heard a voice.

"Well well what are you two doing?"

Gasping, Kirstin held onto Sakeena for protection, grabbing her hands and placing them over her own backside. Kirstin looked over Sakeena's shoulder and saw Melissa standing in the doorway, head tilted as she grinned at the two women locked together.

"M-melissa!" Sakeena stuttered, holding Kirstin tight against her body, even with it covered, she removed her leg from in between Kirsten's and used it to cross over her own. From Melissa's vantage point, both women blushed, their faces turned towards each other to hide their shame, as if they had been caught by a teacher.

"I have to say, I didn't expect to see both of you this evening. But then again, Apparently Detective Delaney sought it necessary to spy on me."

Sakeena stepped away from Kirstin, letting go of her hands as she stared back with wide eyes. "You what?"

Without the embrace around her, Kirstin felt unprotected, the wet spot on her panties providing a sobering chill as her legs slid against each other. One arm wrapped around her stomach while the other alternated between covering the front and back of her lower half. Her mouth opened but words were hard to use. 

"I..." she looked back to Melissa. "She's...a...I just had to know what she was..what she did to me, she's not human.." Kirstin's discovery should have given her power over Melissa's secret, but a lack of clothing and a state of arousal made her feel foolish, like she had made it all up.

"Then what am I detective?" Melissa asked, stepping forward to hiss the words in Kirstin's ear.

"Melissa please don't!" Sakeena cried, walking forward. She too felt unguarded, ripped out of her state of euphoria and on the verge of tears. 

Seeing Sakeena scared made Kirstin forget all of her police training and revert to fearing for her life. She knew the strength of Melissa and if Sakeena was afraid, there was good reason to. In that moment of weakness, the word finally escaped Kirstin's lips. "...vampire...she's a vampire.'

Instead of reacting in disbelief like Kirstin expected, Sakeena held a hand to her mouth as tears ran down her face. Shaking her head, Sakeena whispered, "Melissa please don't kill her. I promise she won't tell."

At the realization that Sakeena could do nothing to protect her, Kirstin felt nauseous, like her stomach was a bowling ball weighing her down. Perhaps that was why it was difficult for her to run. She tried to walk past Melissa but the supernatural creature reached out to seize Kirstin by the wrist, fingers digging into it like a vice as she held Kirstin's arm over her head. 

"You realize this is a problem for me Sakeena. I'm technically not allowed to interact with police. Apparently I'm not as skilled as I'd like to think in remaining hidden."

"Let me go!" Kirstin shouted, trying to move in a position to punch Melissa but the creatures' strength was like Sakeena's. Melissa had the strength of an olympic body builder, forcing Kirstin's arm behind her back. The fact that she couldn't take control of the situation made Kirstin cry a well, being helpless in front of someone she was attracted to rather than be the hero, the lack of pants leaving her with less dignity.

"Yes, I am a vampire. And it is forbidden for law enforcement to know of our existence." Melissa's mouth was inches from Kirstins' neck. It opened, letting out a low hiss, her fangs running along Kirstin's shoulder. "However, whoever is behind this murder is proving too elusive even for me, and I need outside help." She grabbed Kirstin's head and forced it to turn towards Sakeena. "See her?"

Sakeena was still crying, arm crossed over herself as she pulled her shirt over her underwear. They were pink, a sharp contrast to the dark suit she wore. A tiny bow was on the top of the waistband, an image that should have been comical if it weren't for their current situation. "She is bound to me." Melissa began. "A servant who will forever need my power to keep her alive. If you tell anyone about me, I will not hesitate in killing Sakeena. do you understand me?"

Tears stung Kirstin's eyes, but that didn't stop her from seeing the look of hurt in Sakeena as she stared at Melissa. Kirstin wanted to turn around and bite into Melissa, tearing open the monster's throat in hopes that it might kill her. Instead, Kirstin said, "Yes..."

"Good." Melissa said in a cheery tone. "Then we have some work to do." Letting go of Kirstin's arm, she pushed her back towards Sakeena.

"I'm sorry." Sakeena whispered as she rested her head against Kirstin's the moment she ran back into her arms. She gave a gentle kiss on Kirstin's forehead and did her best to wipe the tears off her face.

"I hate to interrupt your love making session, but we do have a mystery to solve. So what do we know about the Matthew Varnes case?"

It took some time for Kirstin to calm down, but the mention of the case did help her regain composure. Standing to face Melissa, Kirstin pulled her shirt down to try and cover the thong. She cleared her throat to sound professional again. "Um...that suspect, Helena was brought in for questioning. Matthew Varnes' bloody shirt was found in her dorm. I was on my way to the department."

"This is the woman who had no memory of the date they had correct?" Melissa asked. Pinching the bridge of her nose when she saw Kirstin nod. "I have to go to her. I observe her and assess myself if it truly is her memory."

"How are you going to do that?" Kirstin asked, "I'm supervising officer but I can't put you in an interrogation room alone without other people seeing you."

A smile spread across her face, "You just get me in that building and I'll do fine." She stepped away from both Kirstin and Sakeena who were both locked in an embrace again. "Sakeena you will come with us and act as if you are going to assess Helena's mental state. I just need to be alone with Helena to see if she really did forget or if someone has been tampering with her mind. I'll need both of you to stand watch in the event that someone else might interrupt. Understand?"

Kirstin looked to Sakeena and she nodded. It wasn't much encouragement, but since Sakeena had stopped crying ,Kirstin knew they'd be safe for at least one night. "Okay."

"Lovely, come on ladies, get dressed, we have a field trip to go to." Melissa raised her hands and swung them down to spank both women, drawing out a squeal from them before leaving the room.

Kirstin and Sakeena stood alone, speechless as they looked at each other with uncertainty of their fate, the stinging pain from Melissa's hands a reminder that they belonged to her.

****

After walking back to the garage where her car was parked, Kirstin drove Sakeena and Melissa to headquarters. The ride was silent save for the occasional glances Kirstin and Sakeena passed to each other before quickly turning away. With Melissa in the back, Kirstin still felt like control had been taken from her, like so many times before. She wondered what would happen once the case was solved. Would she be killed in her sleep now that she had served her purpose or would Melissa keep Kirstin in her pocket, much like Sakeena? By the time they arrived, Kirstin still wasn't sure what was worse.

"Okay we're here, how are you going to hide?" she asked as she turned around.
