 FYI, there is some mind control coercion in this for those who might be turned off by it. Thanks for all the support from people who wrote, sorry for the hiatus. I had some grad school interviews to prep for and it took me longer to bounce back than I thought. Enjoy!

*****

The entire trip back to Sakeena's home was silent, Melissa's vision bringing a solemn mood that kept them all distracted. When the doors opened, Melissa hurried Sakeena out, not even giving her a chance to say goodbye to Kirstin. Even with the terrible news, Kirstin still reminisced about how close she and Sakeena were earlier that evening, bodies pressed against each other as she almost reached the edge. The only consolation to the night was Sakeena looking at Kirstin before disappearing into her house.

"I don't know how, but I'll free you from that bitch." Kirstin said before turning her car on driving away. Her mind raced as she reviewed her options. Interviewing Matthew Varnes' coworkers seemed pointless now that she knew it was a vampire like Melissa. Kirstin dug her nails into the steering wheel, wrestling with the fact that she would be driving in circles while Melissa got closer. 

Tension eased when she recognized one question that still needed answering, why Matthew? It was clear to Kirstin that humans didn't seem to matter to vampires, as everyone Melissa dealt with seemed to be a means to an end. What made Varnes the exception? That night, Kirstin slept easier than before, finding comfort in being able to do what Melissa couldn't, ask questions during the daytime. 

****

The office of Human Resources for University of Michigan's stadium was as Kirstin expected it to be, self-congratulatory. Framed pictures of the football team was on each wall, along with an old newspaper that listed the U of M Wolverines as victors. This was despite the fact that the person sitting at the desk was someone who was not an athlete, a barrel chested man in his 50s named John Cramer. 

Kirstin and Alan sat on the other side, both of them dressed in casual business attire with their badges hanging around their necks. They analyzed John's body language as he rifled through his folders of old employees, listening to the sighs under his breath as it was clear they were taking time out of his busy schedule.

"There he is, Matthew Varnes." Cramer mused as he pulled a manila folder out from his cabinet. "I thought you caught the person who killed him."

"We're still establishing motive." Kirstin began, "We meant to get in touch with you earlier so this is simply us following up on being late. When did you hire Mr. Varnes?"

"Right before September when the semester started." Cramer answered, eyes on the application. He flipped through the pages and squinted. "No resume. Oh that's right." he rolled his eyes as he leaned back in his seat. "This was another daddy-gets-me-a-job situation.

"How so?" Alan asked, leaning forward to try and read the application.

"U of M requires the applicant upload a resume with their application online. This guy is missing one which means, one of the higher ups asked me to let this kid in."

"Do you know who?"

"Probably a guy with the last name Varnes." Cramer gave a smirk that lasted for two seconds before fading. "In all honesty, I do remember other staff saying Varnes' father was some big entrepreneur pharmacist. That's pretty important at U of M since it's a medical college."

"Because where there's legal drugs, there's research." Kirstin said to Alan. "Where was Matthew from originally?"

"It says here. But maybe his father was from somewhere else." Cramer said.

"Who tells you to hire people when they don't want them to go through the proper channels?"

"That would be Mr. Heyman." Cramer held his hands up, "Excuse me. Dr. Heyman. He's a faculty member of the Ross School of Business. I met him just a few times, usually when the big wigs throw parties in the skybox at the Stadium. Everybody likes him, which is why I hate him. He's friendly and charming and shit, so that's why it bugged me when he asked me to just give this Matthew Varnes kid a job."

"Did he say why he wanted you to?" Kirstin asked, writing Heyman's name down in her notepad.

Cramer shrugged. "Just said, a friend wanted his son to have a job and could the kid have one with low responsibility. It was a ticket seller position which was why I didn't care. I just don't like the guy." Cramer looked to Kirstin, his gruff demeanor fading as his eyes locked onto hers. "You think this has something to do with the dad more than the son?"

Tucking the notepad in her coat, Kirstin nodded to Alan and rose to her seat. "Probably not." hopefully not she thought. "But it's better to be clear about this sort of thing." if something was special about Matthew Varnes, Kirstin would need to ask Sakeena about the father.

*****

"You need to let this go, Melissa has things handled." Sakeena said to Kirstin as she let her inside the house. " Sakeena had just come home from work, still wearing her black dress pants and white button up. 

"That still doesn't rescue Helena from taking the blame for a crime she didn't commit."

Gesturing to one end of the couch, Sakeena waited for Kirstin to sit down before doing the same. "You need to learn that vampires don't care. And the more you try to mess up their plans, the more likely they'll just kill her." Sakeena hugged herself as she stared at the ground, she was trying to be casual about the facts, but it was clear to Kirstin it bothered her as well.

Kirstin slid across the couch, inches away from touching Sakeena, wanting to wrap her arm around her. Instead she waited for Sakeena to look up. "If Melissa can find this person, that means I can too and I can arrest them."

Sakeena's lips tightened. "No they can't! Don't you get it? The person who did this is a vampire, and vampires aren't supposed to exist." Nostrils flared, "If humans know vampires exist, then vampires make sure they die. It's a rule they live by, stay hidden from humans as a means to survive."

Kirstin felt a hand on her knee and caught the scent of Sakeena's perfume, a thick smell of violet and jasmine. "Please Kirstin, drop this. I don't want you to get so deep that Melissa will have to kill you."

Kirstin smiled, rubbing Sakeena's leg in return, enjoying that touching each other became so casual.. "Sakeena...I'll be fine..but you have to let me do my job. Aren't you curious why a vampire wasted their time killing Matthew?"

Sakeena hunched forward on her knees, pressing her hands to her temples.. "To be honest I don't. Vampires live forever and that means they take decades to carry out their plans, one death could mean the start of something huge. That's why I want you to let Melissa to handle it."

"Fine then. Let me tell you what I know so you can tell Melissa." Kirstin said, not wanting to upset Sakeena any further.

Sakeena opened her mouth but stopped herself from speaking. She let Kirstin stare at her wide eyed, knowing that her duties would never let her back down. "Fine...what is it?"

Exhaling, Kirstin relaxed as she leaned back into the couch. "Matthew got his first job at U of M stadium's ticket office through the help of his dad. He asked some big wig to pull some strings. It could be nothing, but if Matthew didn't have enemies, maybe his dad did?"

Sakeena pinched the bridge of her nose, elbows on her legs. Kirstin felt like a child asking her parents about sex, something that would be much easier to dea l with than this. "Matthew Varnes' father is Richard Varnes. He's a pharmacist who moved to Michigan."

"I figured you'd know who he was. Is this your client confidentiality being violated?"

"Heh. It is, but I guess that ended with the scapegoating of another mortal." Sakeena said. "His father was involved with several clinical studies that were testing new drugs. You say someone from U of M pulled strings?"

"Someone named Heyman, from the business college. Does that name ring a bell?"

Sakeena shook her head. "No. But drugs and U of M are usually tied to lots of money. If vampires are involved then that's only more reason for you to drop this and let Melissa handle it."

Kirstin never had her jurisdiction taken from her, but having a vampire take over her case certainly had the same effect of drawing out anger. "It pisses me off she's letting us do all her work."

Sakeena's hand massaged Kirstin's thigh, raising the temperature as Kirstin felt it in her stomach. "It's okay Kirstin, you get used to it. She's actually okay, it might not seem like I have freedom, but when I bring results...I get rewarded."

It sounded like a dom/sub relationship, one that didn't exactly have consent. "You mean to tell me that if given the choice to walk away, you'd stay under her control?"

Sakeena's hand stopped, moving to hug herself as she looked out the window, admiring as the moonlight spilled through the window. "It's not that I would stay with her...some days I'm mad that she made me dependent on her. But now that I know where humans are on the food chain, it's nice to know that I'm protected."

Sakeena turned to look at Kirstin, "I know you want to protect me from Melissa. But don't. As long as she exists, I'm okay. Which means I can still enjoy life."

Kirstin felt a lump in her throat as she stared in Sakeena's eyes. She didn't believe Sakeena but before she could say that, Sakeena leaned forward to plant her lips on Kirstin's, opening her mouth to invite an open mouthed kiss. While Kirstin was still surprised, Sakeena reached for her pants, undoing the top button and then pulling the zipper down, reaching in with her hand to slide it over Kirstin's underwear, the touch of lace and cotton making her stomach tingle.. 

Kirstin was taken aback at first, but when the second stroke against her womanhood drew out a heavy sigh, she closed her eyes and shifted her legs, pushing her pants down and slipping out of her shoes. She guided Sakeena back onto the couch, lying on her back so Sakeena could rest on top of her. Kirstin was determined to rescue Sakeena, but in that moment, she only wanted Sakeena push her knee in between her legs.

Reaching down, Sakeena gripped the sides of Kirstin's panties, looking down to stare at white bikini briefs with a pink waistband, the image of a Pink Care Bear on the crotch. "You're so cute." Sakeena whispered, invoking a blush from Kirstin as she shrugged. Fingers dipped into the sides and pulled Kirstin's underwear down her smooth legs to reveal her sex. Her outer lips had already turning a darker shade of pink as it anticipated more.

As she adjusted to being naked below the waist, Kirstin took a deep inhale as she watched Sakeena stand up, undoing her own pants and letting them fall to the ground, showing off a black mesh thong that curved into a V across her hips. With a coy smile on her face, Sakeena slowly unbuttoned her shirt, the top splitting open and revealing a matching brassier, showcasing her dark nipples under each cup. Kirstin's legs slid against each other as her hand traveled down across her stomach.

After shrugging out of her shirt, Sakeena leaned forward to rest on top of Kirstin again, positioning her knee directly in between Kirstin's legs. Kirstin could feel her pulse rise as pressure was applied to her groin. Sakeena reached under Kirstin's shirt again to squeeze her breasts, kissing Kirstin's neck. She opened her mouth to rest her teeth over Kirstin's collar bone and drew out another coo from the detective. 

As she felt Sakeena's mouth explore her neck and stomach, Kirstin tilted her head back, hissing before she reached around to clap both of her hands over each side of Sakeena's buttocks, the noise echoing in her living room. Tilting her pelvis, Kirstin grinded against Sakeena's knee, moaning as the pressure made her more wet from between her legs. Sakeena's nails buried in Kirstin's flesh, teeth nipped at it, With her eyes shut, Kirstin could feel her core tingling, a warmth that spread throughout her legs and stomach the harder Sakeena swiveled her knee into her.

Kirstin wasn't the only one enjoying the position. Sakeen could already feel her thong soaking up the wetness between he legs and the more she felt Kirstin's hands groping her ass, the more her body burned up inside. It had been a long time since Sakeena had a girlfriend and while Kirstin was not that, the intimacy they shared through their accidental humiliation formed an emotional bond, one of vulnerability that they both understood. 

As Sakeena looked into Kirstin's eyes, her heart felt heavy as she saw Kirstin's face react to what her knee was doing, mouth fixed into an "O" shape, eyes squeezing shut when the stimulation became too intense, her outer labia's nerves becoming so sensitive Kirstin thought she might explode. In that moment Sakeena realized how much she missed the connection with another human.

Now, Kirstin didn't care about Matthew Varnes or the real identity of the killer. All she wanted was to stay on the couch and admire Sakeena's body, watching as her chest expanded with every breath and enjoy running her hands along the back of her thong before spreading them over Sakeena's backside. Over the course of their encounters in seeing each other get stripped, Kirstin was developing an obsession with what undergarments Sakeena wore, every pair like a new discovery about the psychologists' personality. Did she choose the mesh set because she knew Kirstin was visiting or was the racy style something Sakeena always wore under her power suits when seeing clients? 

Kirstin fantasized of Sakeena in her office, shifting in her seat as her body fought from pleasuring itself with all the desires her mind toyed with, never being able to do so. Wearing racy lingerie might be Sakeena's way of easing her hunger for the touch of someone else, in addition to the toys Kirstin remembered Sakeena had hidden in her purse.

By now, Sakeena's nipples ached, pushing against her bra every time she swiveled her hips. She was about to reach behind her to undo it when she felt Kirstin pull her thong to the side. "WH-what are you doing?" she asked.

Kirstin immediately retracted her hand and looked away, feeling ashamed for being caught. "Oh, sorry."

"No what was it? Were you..trying to.." Sakeena didn't know how to say it without sounding vulgar, even though it felt so good. The thought of Kirstin inserting anything there gave Sakeena a surge of adrenaline. "Did you want to touch me...there?"

Kirstin didn't want to laugh, but she was happy that Sakeena wasn't mad. Her lips were tight but spread into a smile as she nodded. The sight of Sakeena's teeth as she returned the same expression helped ease Kirstin's fear of being judged. What she didn't expect was for Sakeena to move off of the couch. "Wait right there." she mused, heading for the steps, letting Kirstin stare at her thong clad ass, bouncing with every step of her leg.

Kirstin immediately closed her eyes, sighing as her hand slid across her thighs before letting her fingers tease her sensitive lower lips. She kept the image of Sakeena ascending the staircase in her mind as she teased the area around her clit, her kegels tensing with every circular motion of her fingers. She imagined stripping Sakeena in her office, forcing her to walk around in her thong, admiring her blushing face before spanking her voluptuous ass.

"Uh uh, no touching yourself." Sakeena's voice whispered.

Kirstin opened her eyes, sitting up as she squeezed her legs together, smiling to put on a bashful routine. Sakeena was approaching the couch, holding a small bottle in her hand with the words "uber Lube" printed on it. A transparent liquid moved inside, a small white dispenser with a small nozzle on top.

"Give me your hand." Sakeena said, holding the bottle up. Once she had Kirstin's hand, Sakeena pressed the top of the bottle, shooting a gentle stream of liquid that pooled in Kirstin's hand.

It was cold to the touch, but Kirstin knew what it was for, rubbing her hands together to spread it over her fingers. "Make sure there's a lot and just go slow." Sakeena said, turning over on her knees so that her backside faced Kirstin. "You might need to wait for me to take it in, but I'll tell you if it's hurting me."

"Okay." Kirstin said, shifting to her knees as if to engage Sakeena doggie style. "This is really fucking hot looking at you like this." she said.

Sakeena returned a grin as her eyes narrowed in on Kirstin's, "It's about to get so much hotter." she reached back to hook her thumbs into the thong and pulled it down to her knees. Both her hands spread as they grabbed her ass, spreading her cheeks open to reveal her anus to Kirstin.

Even in the darkness, Kirstin could see Sakeena's womanhood was wet again, swollen in anticipation to experience a fantasy that she loved. With her fingers sliding against each other, Kirstin leaned forward, breathing in the musky scent of Sakeena's womanhood before licking the area around her anus. Kirstin felt Sakeena's cheeks back in as she inserted the tip of her tongue inside, hearing Sakeena groan.

The moment she felt Kirstin's wet tongue inside her, Sakeena's mouth dropped as a shockwave of pleasure built up inside her core. Her hands locked up as she kept them planted on the couch, shaking her hips gently side to side so as not to collapse on her knees. "ohhh Kirstin..oh Kirstin yes." she whispered, feeling her sex ache with intensity as she fought not to climax yet.

Sakeena's sounds made Kirstin smile, so happy she could make this person she cared about feel good. She let her tongue flick several times inside Sakeena before pulling it out to ask, "Are you ready baby?" watching Sakeena's head nod in approval, Kirstin pressed her finger against Sakeena's opening, and started to apply pressure. At first, she didn't think her finger would fit, but then she felt Sakeena back herself in, feeling the warmth of Sakeena's insides surround the tip, the lubrication making it easy to push in and out.

"Oohh yes...keep doing that." Sakeena hissed, her pitch almost sounding like a younger version of herself. She could feel her hands and feet going numb, and her thighs dripping wet. Kirstin took the direction well, the momentum of her thrusting opening Sakeena more, so much so that she could feel Kirstin's finger flexing up and down, causing her sex to shudder as the cool burning sensation traveled up her spine. "Oh my goddess...oh fuck that's so good." she had her head turned, resting on the couch as she stuck her ass up. She knew she could overpower Kirstin in any other situation, but loved the fact that she was on her knees. "Spank me."

Kirstin didn't need to be told twice. With her other free hand, she raised it up and swung downward as hard as she could, the clap making Sakeena's ass dance, drawing out a loud grunt.

"Harder!"

SMACK! "HARDER!" SMACK!" OHMY GOD!" Sakeena's voice started to crack, the intensity making Kirstin move her finger faster, making come hither flicks the deeper it went inside. Sakeena body was drenched in sweat, the sting from her rear muffled by the full sensation she felt in her belly, a tingling that made her heart skip in seconds.

Kirstin was spanking so hard her hand hurt, but she wanted to show Sakeena she loved her more, more than Melissa ever could. Thinking of Melissa reminded Kirstin of what she was, and so she needed to make her own mark. Opening her mouth, Kirstin let her teeth sink into the flesh of Sakeena's right cheek and bit gently, causing Sakeena's body to seize up.

"OH FUUCK!" she squealed, pussy going into contractions as she finally exploded, aftershocks of her nerves sending her body into convulsions, making her collapse on her belly. Her hips swiveled left and right like she was drunk, her anus still quivering from the finger inside. "Oh baby that was so fucking amazing...ohhhh." she bit her hand as another aftershock of pleasure traveled through her center, forcing her to turn on her side.
