 The next morning, Kirstin woke up not in her bed, but Sakeena's. After another traumatic night of being undressed and then walked in on while having sex, Kirstin wanted some alone time with Sakeena and was happy when she invited Kirstin up to her bedroom where they slept against each other, legs intertwined. While they tried to sleep, neither of them could resist thrusting their hips, sliding their bare sexes against one another and hugging each other tightly as their bodies shivered to the wet touch of themselves getting excited.

"Did you sleep well?" Sakeena asked, turning over to rest on her elbow.

"Somewhat." Kistin said, admiring the sunlight shining over Sakeena's face, the post climactic morning glow making her look like a goddess shining under the rays. "I'm still afraid of this new vampire."

Sakeena reached out to brush Kirstin's blonde locks and kissed her, "Don't worry. Now that it's clear another vampire is involved, it's likely Melissa will handle it from here."

"Yeah but i still have a boss to answer to, and an outraged public that want the actual murderer of Matthew Varnes."

Sakeena sighed and nodded. "I wish I could help you with this. But i don't know how to frame a murder on someone. Especially when that person is about to be freed."

The pleasant morning was being ruined with a sour stomach at the thought of what Kirstin agreed with Dominic. "You think it was a mistake to ask him to help Helena?"

"It's a mistake to be in any vampire's pocket." Sakeena said, her eyes zeroing in on Kirstin as if it was a late warning.

Kirstin gripped Sakeena's hand and gave it a hard squeeze. "How did you and Melissa come to meet?

When Sakeena didn't answer, Kirstin thought she had offended her lover. instead Sakeena kissed Kirstin's hand and said, "That story will have to be for another time. over wine and food. Sound good?"

Smiling again, Kirstin hugged Sakeena and kissed her again, "That sounds amazing. We've never actually been on a date, we've just skipped right ahead to seeing each other naked and fucking."

Sakeena laughed and ran her hand down Kirstins' back, "Well, we adults don't have much time for the dating ritual these days, so it's nice to skip to the good parts."

For the first time in a long while, Kirstin felt happy driving into the station. She might have been smiling once she entered the building if it weren't for the lingering fear she had that the vampire who stole her panties was still out there, moving forward with some plan that even had Melissa on edge.

Once she reached her department, Kirstin found Alan sitting at his desk, opposite side of hers. When he heard her approach he spun his chair around, "So how did your meeting with Mr. Varnes go? I didn't realize you were going to be out for the rest of the day."

Kirstin rubbed her neck, "Sorry about that, Mr. Varnes had a banquet to go to that I decided to try crashing."

Alan's eyes widened as he set his coffee down, he leaned close to talk in a hushed voice. "You followed him? Did he know?"

Kirstin shook her head, "I stayed in the back." she inhaled a deep breath."It was weird, he was supposed to sign on to start clinical trials for some medication but then he said he was backing out during his speech. People were pissed."

"Damn. Well that trumps the information I got from Heyman. He mentioned that research with the hospital and that Varnes was involved. I guess he's pretty pissed right now since he seemed excited. about it."

"Did he say anything about Matthew's death?"

Alan's eyes rolled, "Just that he was sooo sorry and that it was such a tragedy. Standard line but was quick to smile again. I didn't really like the guy."

"That's the impression I'm getting."

"Speaking of the Varnes situation, did you hear about Helena?" Alan asked, his voice speaking in a hushed tone but nonetheless more enthusiastic. If evidence wasn't picking up then he at least had gossip.

"What happened?" Kirstin folded one leg over the other.

"She got a new lawyer. I guess something happened where Dr. Bastien and Helena's appointed lawyer were found outside Bastiens' office half undressed, it looked like Bastien was about to give the lawyer a blowjob."

Kirstin covered her mouth from preventing it from falling open. The thought of Bastien, a well respected psychiatrist on her knees about to do something so submissive and explicit in work was so uncharacteristic of her. "Who is Helena's new lawyer?"

"Some big shot from this new firm in Detroit, uhh Yemeni, yeah that's the name. I don't know much about him, except all the women in the office think he's hot."

Hot was exactly how Kirstin felt, body sweating under her clothes as the deal was finally sealed, the only question was what would be asked.

"So what now?" Alan asked, snapping Kirstin out of her trance.

"Umm, try to keep tabs on Mr. varnes. I don't think it's a coincidence that he randomly pulls out of a multi-million dollar research project. I asked him if he had any enemies and he said no, but if his erratic behavior keeps up like this, I'm thinking we might be able to find something out."

"What are you going to do?"

"Look into the other donors of this project. My guess is they were also pretty big players in the medical field, especially when that dinner was three hundred dollars a plate."

Alan's eyes nearly bulged out of his head, "Jesus fucking christ! And you went?"

Before Kirstin could shush Aaron, a uniformed officer approached the desk. "Delaney." she said, "There's a woman here who wished to speak with you. You got a moment?"

"Who is it?"

"Someone from that Yemeni office. She had a question for you about Helena's processing."

All the sweat on Kirstin's body froze as she stood up, she didn't even want to look at Aaron and gauge his reaction. She simple said, "thanks." and walked out of her door. the journey down to the first floor was like a blur, replaced with images of what other deeds a vampire would ask of her. Suddenly, Melissa didn't seem as heartless, at least she brought Kirstin to orgasm.

Waiting for Kirstin on the other side of the front desk was a woman in her 30s, dressed in a grey business suit over a white button up shirt. Her long tanned raincoat draped over her arms as she stared at Kirstin, a face just as stoic as Dominic's. Her blonde hair was tied back in a bun and her facial features almost seemed perfect, cheek bones symmetrically perfect and a noise that pointed out to give her the exotic look of a model on the runway. "Are you detective Delaney?' she asked.

"I am." Kirstin held out a hand, smiling until the other woman accepted it and gave her hand one simple squeeze before letting go. "And you are?"

"I am Madeline Brockett, I am part of Helena's legal team. Can we speak somewhere in private?"

"Umm yes." Kirstin said, taken aback by the woman's frankness. Kirstin could see why she was an associate of Dominic, but was she a servant like Sakeena? It was clear she wasn't a vampire given the daylight outside. "Follow me."

Kirstin led Madeline to an open interrogation room, making sure the camera was off to allow for attorney confidentiality. Part of Kirstin worried if she was left alone with this woman that she'd also be walking out in the open in just her unmentionables. A quick thought back to what she slipped on her hips this morning had Kirstin hoping that would not be the fate. "What can I do for you Miss Brockett?"

By the time Kirstin turned around, Madeline had opened her briefcase and slid a photograph across the table. it was of a woman dressed in a black business suit walking outside. Her auburn hair flowed in the wind as she carried a briefcase in hand. She had a curvaceous frame, wide chest and wide hips, Kirstin almost thought that she was a plus size model given the glamorous way her body was captured, hip tilted to the side as she was caught midstep. "Who is this?"

"This is Helena's prosecutor. Her name is Rebecca Scanlan. She works for one of the most powerful firms in Michigan and boasts that she's never lost. She's hoping that by winning this high profile case she'll be propelled to a higher status."

Kirstin held the picture in her hand, looking closer at Rebecca's face, her full lips locked in a stoic expression that fit her lawyer demeanor. "So, I take it this is the favor Dominic wants me to do?"

"Yes." she said. reaching in her bag to pull out her laptop. Once it was opened a screen flashed on with an image that made Kirstin blush. It was a black background but the event read "Play Party at the Dungeon." with an image of a naked woman, her hands cuffed behind her back and a blindfold wrapped around it. "This is an invite for a BDSM party. Miss Scanlan frequents these events and allegedly partakes in several explicit acts. Dominic would like you to enter the party and capture footage of Rebecca. Doing so not only taints her image, but it will also allow us to hold this over her head and weaken her defense."

Kirstin crossed her legs, resisting the faint tremor she felt in between them with the thoughts of attending a sex party. There was a voyeuristic element to this request that called back to when she was being stared at while feeling naked and helpless. The conflict in outing someone's private life did not sit well with her, but she knew better than to expect Dominic or his servant to care. "I-how do I get in? Do I just sign up?"

Madeline shut the laptop and put it back in her bag. "Actually, your...partner Dr. Fakhouri is also a regular at this events. You will have her invite you as a guest."

Kirstin's fist balled, the audacity in her own life being spied on was just another sign of how little control she had, and how it didn't seem like sex with her was the only source of indulgence for Sakeena. The fear of wondering how many times Sakeena been there since they met gave Kirstin the anger to ask "How dare you..spy on her. Spy on us."

Madeline didn't flinch nor did she even make eye contact with Kirstin as she retrieved the photograph. "It is commonly known among Dominic's circle of associates that Dr. Fakhouri has frequented the kink scene for years. Most importantly, Dr. Watkins agrees that you owe Mr. Yemeni a favor and does not mind having you both assist him in this manner."

The facts were not helping, now Melissa was claiming Kirstin as her own. "I am not a fucking servant to Melissa!"

Madeline's eyebrows rose to meet Kirstin's, leaning forward until her breath could blow against Kirstin's face. "For those to know of people like Mr. Yemeni and Dr. watkins and wish to live? They become servants, or they die. The sooner you come to accept that, the better off you'll be." Before Kirstin could answer, Madeline slid out from her chair and walked to the door. "Have a good day Detective. The event is this weekend, Dominic will expect a text confirming that the task was done the next evening.

Paralyzed by shock and the anger leaving her body, Kirstin slumped back in her chair watching as Madeline left, wondering how a servant could have so much power over her as well.

***

Kirstin couldn't have been more eager to have her first date with Sakeena, her head swarming with questions after that meeting. She agreed to meet Sakeena at a small bar in Kerrytown called Aut Bar, a well known gay bar that had been around for years. After parking her car, Kirstin got out and fixed her royal blue strapless dress, trying not to sweat from the anxiety she had. It was as if she was meeting Sakeena all over again.

Aut bar was located in a small court of businesses set up in two story houses, the outdoor yellow painting made it stand out in the night. Once Kirstin entered, she saw Sakeena sitting alone in a corner, face lit by a small candle underneath. Behind her were several framed black and white photographs, one of which was of a shirtless man wearing a leather harness over him. Kirstin was almost as mesmerized by that as she was by Sakeena's attire. She wore a black dress under a shawl and pushed the chair opposite side of her out for Kirstin to join. "Hey." she mused.

"Hi." Kirstin said, a queasy feeling in her stomach seeming to grow as she sat down. "how was work?"

"Oh not too bad." she said, sighing as she handed Kirstin a menu. "Um...yours?"

Smiling nervously, Kirstin said, "Eh...Dominic's...assistant paid me a visit."

Rather than show shock, Sakeena closed her eyes, sipped her water and looked up, 'And what did she want?"

It was Kirstin's turn to close her eyes, not wanting to let her emotions seem hostile, she squeezed Sakeena's hand tighter. "She wants us to go to a sex party you normally go to."

The awkward silence was got worse when the waiter arrived to take their drinks. They ordered a bottle of Cabernet, if Kirstin had her way she would have ordered one just for herself. When the waiter was gone, Sakeena leaned close, taking Kirstin's hand with both of hers. "You're upset with me."

"No." Kirstin began to say but then hesitated, "I mean..I'm just confused. When was this?"

"It was around the time we met. Since then though I haven't been back if that was a concern for you."

Kirstin's chest caved in as she exhaled, some relief coming to her with that answer. "I'm sorry, I don't know why I got so upset."

"It's just another secret that I never told you, but we never had the chance to really know each other." Sakeena said, leaning back now that Kirstin had relaxed. "We can talk more about what Dominic wants or we can remedy the mystery between each other." 

Kirstin smiled at Sakeena, grabbed the bottle and poured them both a glass. She waited for Sakeena to hold hers up before touching it with her own. "Fuck Dominic, tell me your story Sakeena."

Sakeena had met Melissa two years ago at a research conference. It was late in the evening and Melissa passed off as someone who had been there all day. little did Sakeena know, Melissa had been watching her for sometime, keeping track of the growing number of clients she had, viewing them all as a social network for Melissa to keep tabs on. It wasn't just Sakeena's contacts that impressed Melissa. it was her resume.

Prior to graduating, Sakeena had worked in a free clinic providing therapy and assessment to refugees seeking asylum in the United States. She had a specialty in working with people who had endured traumatic life events and as a result, had built within herself a fortitude in responding to the awful experiences her clients witnessed. Sakeena could remain calm in a time of crises, which was what Melissa needed.

After inviting her out to drink, Melissa put on her best flirtatious act, perfect for Sakeena who still hadn't found time to date with her busy schedule. An invitation to Melissa's bedroom was seen as an opportunity to start a relationship in Sakeena's eyes. She was right, but it wasn't quite what she she had in mind. 

The sex was wonderful, Sakeena found out later that it was because Melissa's fangs sinking into the folds of Sakeena's sex gave her the most potent climax of her life. The power of The Kiss was something that had Sakeena hunger for more. It was after they were done that Melissa revealed to Sakeena the wine she imbibed had been laced with her own blood and with it, an eternity of servitude for as long as Melissa walked. She would possess some gifts that Melissa had, an ability to move fast and augmented strength, but from that night on, Sakeena's primary hunger would be the blood of a vampire.

When she was finished, Kirstin's posture was stiff, frozen with anger at Melissa knowing what she knew now. Sakeena didn't ignore Kirstin's body language as she said, "I know you're angry, but try not to be. I've processed most of my anger towards it, but Melissa allows me to continue my work and I know that my talents are also serving a greater good."

"How?" Kirstin asked, leaning forward to keep her voice shushed as Sakeena had to avoid being listened to by the bartender. "She enslaved you. You have no choice but to adapt and enjoy it because you'll die.'

"Kirstin, think about everything you've seen so far," Sakeena said in an even quieter tone. "If I've learned one thing from being under Melissa's power it's this, we are always in danger of dying. Melissa and Dominic are not the only ones out there. Others like them exist and they aren't nearly as afraid to hide themselves. I view it as a collaborative nature, in that as long as I help her, I'm protected."

"And what happens when she thinks you're no longer helping her or if she gets killed? Can they even be killed?"

Sakeena's mouth curled to the side, folding her arms as she stared at Kirstin until she stopped speaking. "Are you finished? Yes there is a way to kill them, but no i don't want you to go after Melissa and if she does die and I die with her, then that is when my time is. Death is still death, the time frame is just different for me."

Touching her face to hide how red it was, Kirstin sipped from her glass once more before saying, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be overprotective. I just assumed you have no control over your life but clearly you still do to some extent."

Unfolding her arms, Sakeena smiled, "I still have my job, and now i have a hot partner who likes to get naked in public. What's there not to love about my life?"

At that point Kirstin couldn't hide how red she was, but was happy that Sakeena was playful in teasing her. If she could be happy about Melissa being a dominant figure in her own life, why couldn't Kirstin? She uncrossed her leg let her shoe drop to the floor, allowing for her stocking clad foot to slide against Sakeena's calve. "So, tell me more about this sex party we're going to."

*****

The "Dungeon" as it was labeled was located off of Michigan Avenue just outside of a neighboring town of Ann Arbor. The owner was a man who held the party in his barn. the rules were extensive and Sakeena explained them to Kirstin in the car ride there. Yellow meant to ease up on whatever punishment or intense action on your partner, red meant to stop immediately. no blood, urine or feces play was allowed without discussing it with the dungeon master first, if the dungeon master said global red that meant everyone had to stop and lastly, no photography without consent of the people.

"That's going to be so hard." Kirstin said.

"I know, that's why I'll let you know when the time is right to shoot her." Sakeena said as she parked the car down a long gravel driveway that was unlit by any light from the house nearby the large two story barn. It looked as if the entire premises was abandoned, save for the other cars that parked by. As they got out, Kirstin could see a couple enter, both of them wearing long coats concealing their bodies. This was in contrast to Kirstin and Sakeena's attire, both of them, wearing jeans and button up shirts as Sakeena hinted that it would be the most inconspicuous of clothes to wear.

"What will we do while we wait?" Kirstin asked?

"Oh you'll find out." Sakeena said with a grin, holding Kirstin's hand and giving it a hard squeeze as they approached the door.

Once inside, the barn opened up, looking like a large hangar with how much space it had. A red and light blue neon glow radiated against the walls. This was because the neon lighting was taped along the sides of the walls and the wooden stairs leading up to the second floor. It resembled a motel the way each side of the barn had individual rooms lined against it. Each room was blocked by a white curtain. 

The second floor was the same, Kirstin happened to catch a naked couple walk out of one, both of them holding each other by the waist as they went downstairs. On the opposite side of the rooms was a long bench with a small step attached to it. At least it looked like a step to Kirstin until she saw a woman wearing nothing but a pair of black laced boyshort panties kneel on the step so that the rest of her torso hung over the bench, allowing her posterior to stick up and out. Next to that woman was another, a slender woman in black jeans and a tank top. Her skin was almost snow white and her black hair was tied back. Adorning her face was a series of tattoo markings. She had a black whip in her hand and she let it crack in the air before swinging it down on the buttocks of her submissive.
