 Despite it being Monday, Rebecca Scanlan was practically bounding with each step. She always felt good following weekends in which she got to play with her play with Angel. The day after she wore the butt plug with the cotton tail, Rebecca was shivering from the aftershocks of it being in there for so long. Within her law office, she had to always maintain an image of an aggressive, confident professional. Acting as Angel's submissive gave her a chance to relax and not worry about such fears.

"Mary, is that letter for the Knudsons ready to go out?" she asked the middle aged woman behind her desk.

"Um...n-not yet, we've had a lot of calls this morning."

"If you can't handle the work load we can find someone else who will, I except it by noon today. Also, screen calls for the Yemeni and Brockett office to see if they are willing to take a plea deal." Rebecca said without looking at the woman. Not only was being a submissive relaxing, but it was also easier for her to slip back into demanding what she wanted.

That sense of power and accomplishment she had in working her way up through law school augmented when she stepped into her office, placed on the corner of the 41st floor in Detroit, offering her a view of the streets below. She was about to sit behind her desk until she noticed a small yellow packaging envelope sitting on her desk. It was addressed to her, but had no return address. A moment of vulnerability had her turn to the door with thoughts of asking staff who put it there. But curiosity got the best of her and she opened the envelope, pulling out a small thumb drive.

She examined the small Sandisk while her computer started up. NO label had been placed and she was careful to handle it with tissue paper in the event that it contained incriminating evidence and they needed to dust for finger prints. Once her computer was on, Rebecca inserted the thumb drive and found a small media file. The inside of her clothes felt humid as her body temperature rose, wondering just what it contained that was so special for her. Once the media file opened, Rebecca held her hands over her mouth at what she saw.

It was a side rear image of Rebecca, cotton tail sticking out between her plump cheeks as she was on her knees pawing at Angel's erect penis.

"bunny want a carrot?"

Rebecca gasped as she heard the vulgar prompt right before she began to open her mouth and take in Angel's penis. The view from the camera wasn't glamourous, capturing the loose folds of Rebecca's curvy body as she wasn't concerned with her image. Tears streamed down Rebecca's face by the time the video was done, ending just as Angel's cum covered her face. The screen faded to black with a message

"If you try to win the case against Helena, or report this to the authorities, this video will spread throughout the internet."

Slumping in her chair Rebecca hugged herself, feeling more naked than she ever did when at a play party. Even sitting that high in her office, she felt as if she had fallen from the top of the skyscraper.

*******

With the time she had while Alan was on break, Kirstin quickly dialed Sakeena's number and hunched low in front of her desk, making sure no one else could overhear her once Sakeena answered the phone. "Did you hear?" she asked instead of greeting Sakeena. 

"I did. Melissa knows too. so keep calm, she and Dominic are on it."

"A man's life is in danger Sakeena I'm not about to keep calm."

"If you really care about saving his life, then you won't interfere with what they are doing."

"Do you know where they are going?"

"No, and even if I did I wouldn't tell you. Kirstin if I did..." she went silent, holding back the lump in her throat as her voice cracked, "If they saw you they might kill you. Kirstin, please promise me you won't try to interfere."

As much as Kirstin felt hurt from losing Sakeena's support, she knew very well her partner's fears were real fears that she was going to face thanks to some sense of justice that she felt was more important than her life. "I'm sorry Sakeena, you know I can't promise that...I'm so deep into this now."

Kirstin expected a scolding from Sakeena, perhaps being cut off completely. Instead she heard a low whisper, "If you have to go...bring a knife...guns are useless. I'm sorry, I can't help you...please call me each day until this is over."

The click on the other end was as if the floor around Kirstin fell, as if she had lost her only contact with the supernatural world and was left to fend for herself. it was like before without Sakeena, having to rely on her own intuition rather than relying on a vampires' servant for intel. 

Perhaps this was better, the last thing Kirstin wanted was to get Sakeena in trouble. The fear in her voice wasn't new, but Kirstin realized that Sakeena's warning meant only one thing, Melissa and Dominic were most likely going to find something tonight. Checking her watch, Kirstin realized she had plenty of time to hide near Melissa's office before nightfall where she could shadow the vampire to wherever she and Dominic searched.

"So we have some units heading over to Varnes' house now, you want to drive or do you want me to?" Alan asked when he returned.

Kirstin was so focused on her plan she almost jumped when her partner surprised her. "uhh...how long do you think it will take?"

Alan raised an eyebrow, "I don't know, depends on if we find any evidence linking to our missing person for the major case you are in charge of." he slowed his speech down as he emphasized each word. "Got a hot date tonight or something?"

The skepticism in Alan's tone had Kirstin scooting her chair back against the desk as she searched for words. "I...uh...thought I'd try getting a list of the donors at the charity to start interviewing them to see if they might have recalled where Varnes went that night."

"Yeah but that could take all day. And we still don't know if he was killed at home or if he just drove off."

"You're right." Kirstin said, knowing that the more out of character she was, the more Alan might dig into something she didn't want to risk his life for. "Why don't you go ahead and I'll catch up with you after I make that one call."

"Okay." Alan said, folding his arms and asking, "Are you okay? I'm a little surprised you aren't your normal leave-no-stone-unturned self."

"Yeah, I'm just anxious to figure out what happened and I'm not sure which lead to pursue first."

"Just focus on one thing at a time okay? I'll meet you there." Alan said before heading towards the door outside.

*****

"Wh-what should I say again?" Dr. Bastien asked as she sat in her parked car, keeping her eyes at the rear exit to the department.

"It's nothing special" HIllier whispered, keeping her body stiff as she lay on the floor of the back seat. "Just get out of the car when you see Alan and try to flirt with him and then ask for his number."

"I don't flirt though." Bastien said, feeling sweat on her face at doing something that seemed like she was in high school.

Rolling her eyes, Detective Hillier said, "Just smile at him and act like you're interested, he'll play along once he sees you like him."

"Okay." Bastien said, taking a deep sigh as she rested back in her seat, knowing that 'liking' Alan was an easy task given that she did find him attractive.

"There's just one thing." Hillier added, "Give me your panties."

"What?!" Bastien shouted, turning her head.

"Shh!"

"Why do you want my underwear?!" she hissed, looking around to make sure no one else was in the parking lot.

"Just trust me, it'll be hot."

"But he won't know I'm not wearing any underwear." Bastien protested, shuffling her legs against one another.

"That's why it doesn't matter if you're wearing panties either, now trust me and hand them over!"

Feeling her face get warm again, Lauren took one quick check around her car before sliding her grey skirt up her hips and hooking her thumbs in her panties. Biting her lip, she slid them down her legs, shuddering at the touch of her leather seats heating up her fleshy backside. Keeping her hand low to the side, she handed her underwear back to Hillier.

Even within the confines of her car, Bastien could feel a draft blow up her skirt and in between her legs, forcing her to squeeze them shut. She closed her eyes, only to open them when she heard Hillier laughing.

"How can an adult woman wear purple panties with stars on them?" she said in between chuckles.

Lauren could feel her cheeks burn as she spat back, "It's underwear! Grow up! Why should it matter?"

"I mean it's no pokemon."

"Oh yeah? It's no leopard print underwear either.." she said.

"FUCK YOU!" Hillier shouted, sitting up with Laurens' panties balled in her hand. She was about to throw them at the former police Psychiatrist when she saw Alan in the distance leaving the department. "Shit! Get ready!"

"Shit! Okay!" Lauren said, quickly unbuckling her seat belt. Her heart jumped in her chest as she thought of a natural way to have a conversation before asking for Alans' number. While she opened the door to get out of the car, Lauren didn't notice Hillier reach out to grab her skirt and pull it, letting it get stuck in the car door as soon as Lauren shut it.

"Detective Cummings!" Lauren said, throwing on a wide smile before taking one step forward. "It's so funny bumping into-" RIIP! a small tug of her skirt was all Lauren felt before it tore off her hips, replaced with a chilly breeze blowing over her lower naked half.

As soon as she felt the draft, Lauren looked down and screamed, squeezing her legs together before folding both hands over her womanhood. Since losing her job she had been depressed and hadn't cared about grooming, which meant her lower half was covered by her natural dark hair, a patch so wide her hands barely covered it.

Alan's mouth dropped once he saw the half naked Lauren squirm,l turning to the side to hide her front while giving him a side view of her ass. He was so distracted by the attractive naked woman that he didn't bother to wonder why her skirt had magically disappeared into her car rather than get caught in the door.

"Oh my god! I'm naked!" Lauren screamed, backing against the car to use it for cover. Unfortunately for her, it had been out in the sun for quite some time which meant the doors had been heated. As soon as her bare ass touched it, she felt the seering pain singe her cheeks, forcing her to yelp as she leapt forward, crashing into Alan who approached her for help.

"Whoa! Sorry!" Alan said, his own face blushing the moment he felt Laurens' hands pressing against his chest. His instant reaction as a police officer was to help, and in this case it meant covering Lauren's nakedness. By the time his strong gruff hands reached around her hips to cover Laurens' bare cheeks, he realized he was touching a naked woman who used to be a coworker.

Gasping at the touch, Lauren closed her eyes, adjusting to the sensation of Alan's calloused hands touching her posterior, the light scratching sensation precluding the warmth she felt from his own skin pressing over her ass.A quiet sigh escaped her lips as she pressed into him, turning her head to bury it in his strong chest.

"Uh sorry,"

"No it's okay." she said, reaching around to keep his hands on her soft rear cheeks. "I-could use some extra hands hehe." even as she said it, she wanted to bury her head in his chest to shield her own embarrassment, She wasn't an employee though, so one could not be unprofessional if she wasn't in the profession.

The moment he felt Laurens' body press harder into him, Alan swallowed, feeling his own groin stir at the soft touch of her ass. It had been a while since he had any intimate contact with a woman, let alone someone as attractive as the intelligent doctor who worked for the department. That it was once forbidden for them to have any romantic contact only added to the mood of feeling like they were in a bedroom about to engage in something more sensual.

"What are you doing here? Besides um...losing your skirt?" Alan asked, looking around to make sure none of the other officers were around. As much as he enjoyed being so close to Lauren, he didn't want her to endure anymore humiliation from his coworkers. 

Biting her lip, Lauren turned to her car, fishing for an answer even though she knew Hillier couldn't feed her anything. Perhaps it was the fact that she was being touched by Alan, but her anxiety in saying the right thing faded, granting her confidence to blurt out, "I was hoping to see you."

"Uh really?"

"Yes." she said, taking a long blink before swiveling her hips against the front of Alans' jeans. "I guess now that I'm not working here, I can see people at work...and I wanted to see you." .

"Really? Wow...that's..um, y-yeah I'd like to hang out...get a drink sometime if you'd like."

"Really?" Lauren asked, surprised that something that seemed so complicated was so easy.

"Er sure...uh I'm about to investigate the Varnes stuff right now, but maybe tonight you want to get a drink or something?"

She wrapped her arms around his waist and slid her bare leg in between his. "Yes..."

"C-cool I-I'll see you then." he said, removing his hands off her ass and stepping back, only to notice her naked pussy before it was covered by her hands. "Oh! Uh...you probably need pants don't you?"

"That'd be nice." she said, a nervous chuckle escaping her lips as she kept one hand over her pink lower lips and the other over her ass, the outside exposure while being watched by Alan giving her mixed signals of shame and then pleasure. She was afraid to move her hand for fear of letting something wet trickle down her inner thigh.

"I-i'll be right back...with pants...and something to open your car!" Alan said, turning around to head back inside, only to look back once more to look at Lauren's bare naked lower torso, one leg crossed over the other in a position of helplessness. The funny thing was, by the time Alan was back inside, she felt much more successful and happy than she had ever been after being stripped in public.

****

It was a long day of driving around the block of Sakeena's office, Kirstin did her best to keep an eye out for Sakeena to avoid being spotted. Kirstin would time her stake out in blocks of ninety minutes before moving her car. By nightfall, Kirstin could see the lights to Sakeena's office on. 

While hyperfocused on seeing Melissa leave, Kirstin almost didn't notice the black sedan pulling into the alleyway, blocking the entire passage. It was when the door opened that she saw Dominic step out, dressed in a black suit and long raincoat. She ducked behind the corner when he looked down both sides of the street before entering the office. As soon as he was gone, Kirstin rushed to her car so she could park near the building.

By the time she parallel parked near the curb, the lights to Dominic's car were back on and he was already signaling to turn left out of the alleyway. Kirstin ducked her head down and counted to twenty before looking up and seeing him at a light. two cars in front of Kirstin made it difficult to see if Melissa was in the car also, or even Sakeena. Was using a servant as a soldier to go into danger another part of Sakeena's duties to Melissa? 

Before Kirstin could answer that thought, Dominic was already turning left onto Washington street and on his way towards main street. Ann arbor at 6pm was always crowded and it gave Kirstin the advantage of staying hidden within the sea of cars as she watched Dominic drive further down Main Street before turning left towards the other side of hte train tracks.

As the street lights grew further and further apart, Kirstin noticed the line of cars in front of her dwindling the closer she came to the "dangerous' parts of Ann Arbor. It was laughable to view the upper class city as having one, but in comparison to downtown, the outskirts near West Liberty and Main street were noticeably isolated from the sunnier parts of the college town. 

It was when Kirstin saw Dominic turn right down another street before pulling into the parking lot of an abandoned warehouse that she parked a block away in an open parking lot. She stalled by checking to make sure her gun was loaded, holstered in the back of her black jeans. Sakeena warned her to take a knife, but all Kirstin had was a pocket knife that she doubted would do more damage than her gun. She counted to twenty before getting out of her car and crossing the street.

The building Dominic parked in was a two story warehouse, the lettering on the side of the building too faded to distinguish what it once was. Dominic was either careless or confident, as he parked his car in front of the building. Rather than take the entrance, Kirstin walked around the building and entered through a back door that she managed to open with her skeleton key. 

Kirstin turned the knob and slowly pushed it, careful not to cause a noise with the hinges. opening the door did nothing to bring any light into the darkened building, all Kirstin could see was the sight of hanging chains danging under the moonlight, along with the shadows of scaffolding.

With her pistol drawn, Kirstin raised a foot one by one, stepping on her toes to avoid making noise as she entered the warehouse, keeping her ears and eyes alert for Melissa or Dominic. If Melissa was able to read minds, Kirstin wasn't sure if that meant the vampire could sense minds within a certain proximity or if other circumstances required Melissa to spot Kirstin in a specific way. Regardless, Kirstin didn't want to chance it and she crouched near a large metal scaffold to remain hidden.

Going further inside the warehouse did nothing to offer Kirstin any information on why Dominic and Melissa chose the spot. no dead bodies, no trails of blood nor were there any servants walking around. That all ended when Kirstin heard the faint sound of a whisper utter across the room. It was met with the deep voice of Dominic before a gunshot pierced the silence, forcing Kirstin to crouch down.

The muzzle flash lit off in the south side corner of the building.. Kirstin could see the dim orange glow light up the darkness, followed with the loud sound of the gun going off. With her pistol raised, Kirstin was about to follow the source of the noise until she felt a tap on her shoulder.

'Excuse me." a raspy voice said.

Turning around, Kirstin saw a slender frame tower over her. They wore black jeans and a black leather jacket. Platinum white hair hung over the womans' shoulders, but her face was contained under a black motorcycle helmet. "I don't suppose you're here to help the other intruders?

Kirstin swallowed, pistol still pointed in the air as she rose to her feet. "What?" she asked.

The motorcycle rider reached for their face, showing off two pale white hands grabbing the base of the helmet and pushing it up. "It doesn't matter.' a woman's voice said, "You shouldn't be here anyway and you're not going to get out."

What emerged from the motorcycle helmet was nothing Kirstin expected. In addition to the womans' hair dropping was the large clumps of white squirming masses falling to the ground. Kirstin's eyes shifted just in time to spot the organism that seemed to have a life of its own, causing her heart to stop.

"Darn maggots." the woman said, "Never know to mind their own business." by now her helmet was held over her head, revealing a white, withered face. Long sharp pointed teeth jutted out from black gums, attached to a large dark mass that was her open mouth. Her jaw stretched down to her clavicle, giving off a wide distorted appearance.

The maggots and the twisted face was enough for Kirstin to throw her hands, and gun up in the air as she let out a scream so loud it made her throat sore. She backed away from the monster and into a rack of boxes, causing them to fall to the ground as she fell on her tailbone.
