 The candles on Lauren's dining room table were lit. She had rice and broccoli on two separate plates, an open space left for the salmon that had a few more minutes to cook. She checked it once more before closing the oven and running to her bedroom in just her stockings, garter belt and mesh black panties with red lace trim designed to look like roses. Her light flesh almost glowed under her soft undergarments, the matching brassier revealing her nipples. She fixed her hair while sliding her legs against one another. She let her hand run across her belly before tracing the waistband resting just above her sex. The vibration of her phone broke her concentration.

"Is Alan coming over yet?!" a message from Hillier read.

Rolling her eyes, Lauren typed a response, "No, he said he was running late. STOP ASKING!"

Lauren knew that if Hillier kept distracting her with texting, Alan might show up before she had the chance to get dressed. She imagined opening the door, letting him see her already half naked and curled her toes. 

Her phone vibrated once more and Lauren saw Alan's name light up. She picked it up and read, "Five minutes away. I NEED YOU TO MEET MET OUTSIDE. EMERGENCY."

The warmth Lauren felt in her chest was overcome by chills. Was she in danger? She grabbed her black spaghetti strap dress and quickly slipped it on, grabbing her phone and throwing it in her purse. She looked inside and made sure the microphone Hillier had was still inside. By the time she turned the stove off, a horn honked outside.

"Alan is asking me to meet him outside, I don't know why." Lauren whispered into her purse, "Don't do anything stupid Jessica."

Lauren rushed outside, spotting Alan's car parked on the side of the street. Her eyes scanned down the rest of the road, spotting Hillier parallel parked five cars behind Alan.

"Hurry, we need to head back to the station." he said as he opened the passenger side door.

"Why? What's wrong?"

"I found something fucked up about the disappearances."

"Why do you need me?" Lauren asked as she sat inside and closed the door.

"Because Kirstin's not answering her phone and I need to talk to someone who won't think I'm crazy."

"What did you find?"

Alan shifted his car in reverse and then slammed on the breaks as a dark Ford Focus pulled up, blocking his car. "Motherfucker!"

He rolled his window down and turned to see a woman wearing a long sleeve dress under a black leather corset and matching lipstick. She brushed the front of her dark brown locks out of her face and flashed a smile.

"Hi, I'm actually in a hurry so could you please give me room? You can have my space after." Alan called out, trying not to scream.

"I'm sorry, I am eh, new to the U.S." she spoke in a thick European accent. "I am wondering if you could tell me where I could go for fun-time?"

Alan looked at Lauren with a smirk on his face, "Is she fucking serious?" he looked back and began to say, "I don't have time-"

On looking at her a second time, Alan saw that the woman had leaned across the passenger seat, offering a flash of her white teeth as she grinned. "You look like a cute couple. I can see your girlfriend is excited to fuck you. Why keep her waiting?"

The soft, whisper in her tone made Alan swallow. He shifted his car in park and stammered, 'I-I.-we have to go-oh..." he felt a hand tug on his belt and turned to see Lauren leaning close to kiss him. Her tongue pushed in between his lips to slide against his while she unbuttoned his pants.

"Mind if I watch?" the woman asked.

Lauren nor Alan answered, Instead Lauren slid her hand down Alan's pants, rubbing her palm against the top of his boxers, feeling his cock shift against her touch until she saw the tip of the head sticking out from the waistband.

"Oh baby, I've been waiting for this all night." she whispered before bending down and opening her mouth to take it in.

The wet surface of Lauren's tongue made Alan wince, the swelling he felt in his head aching so bad he took his hands off the steering wheel.

"Don't be shy, take her." the European woman said, her broken English seemingly fading.

With Lauren leaning over the arm rest, her backside was in the air, giving Alan the chance to pull her dress over her hips to reveal the back of her stockings and see-through panties. Alan raised a hand and swung it down on her buttocks, making a loud cracking noise over Lauren whose cries were muffled as she tried to take in as much of Alan as her throat would allow.

Alan lay in his seat, helpless as Lauren's tongue flickered, swirled, and bobbed back and forth over him. He turned to the side and saw the strange woman in her seat, licking her lips with her legs spread open. It was when he saw her hand reach in between her legs that he groaned, leaning forward and holding onto Lauren's head as he felt his lower body shiver, feeling his warm essence shoot into her mouth.

Jessica Hillier leaned forward, squinting through the windows of the cars ahead trying to see what was going on. She had her hand pressing the ear phone to the recording device, only picking up a series of ecstatic groans.

"Spank me again."

"Fuuuuuck."

Another woman's voice could be heard, but Hillier couldn't decipher what was said.

"What the fuck are they doing?!" she rolled her window down and leaned her upper torso out.

She could hear the faint sounds of Alan groaning, his pitch rising as if he were in pain. The sound of a car door opening could be heard and Detective Hillier gasped when she saw Lauren emerge in her lingerie. Her hands were clutched into fists as she held them over her face, raising a leg to shield her panties from the driver in the mysterious car. 

Alan was the next to emerge and Hillier's jaw dropped at the sight of Alan's erect cock sticking out from under his shirt, bobbing up and down with each step he took. He left his pants in the car and didn't seem bothered that he was standing outside naked. The passenger door to the Focus opened and Lauren quickly stepped inside, but not before gripping the shaft of Alan's manhood and guiding him in.

"What the fuck is happening?!" Hillier said again as she leaned forward, squinting her eyes to make out the license plate. Once she had the numbers down, Detective Hillier typed them on her phone. When she looked up again, the brake lights flashed right just before the car sped off. Cursing up a storm, Hillier scrambled out of her car, letting her phone and her radio bounce onto her seat. She jogged up to Alan's car that was left in park.

The door was unlocked and as soon as Hillier opened it she saw Alan's trousers pooled on the floor. On the passenger side was Lauren's purse. Hillier leaned over the arm rest to peek inside and found the wire to her recording device.

"Fuck." Hillier's fist pounded the seat.

"Is there a problem miss?" a man's voice from behind asked.

Hillier gasped as she rolled on her side, reaching for her pistol. As she turned, she saw a tall man with short curly brown hair holding his hands up.

"Whoa easy Lady! I didn't mean anything."

"Police! Who the fuck are you?" HIllier spat, sliding into the driver's seat.

"I just walked by and heard you cursing, I didn't know if you needed help."

He wore a black button up shirt untucked from his dark blue jeans. Although his blue eyes were wide from staring at Hillier's gun, he remained perfectly still, the streetlights shining bright over his tall frame almost eclipsed his youthful face.

Hillier lowered her gun, "Sorry...I was just looking for something and realized it was gone."

"It's okay, sorry to hear you lost it, I can help if you want." he lowered his hands and leaned forward to rest his arm on the car, giving Hillier a closer look at his baby blue eyes.

"It's okay." Hillier said, feeling her lips curve into a smile, "do you live here?"

"Nah. I just like going for a walk. Maybe run into beautiful women...like you."

Hillier giggled as she felt her face get warm. She looked down at her attire, faded blue jeans, and a white top under her black leather jacket. She brushed her hair out of her face. "I-I normally dress nicer."

"Oh you look fine. I like curvy women." his body moved closer and his voice spoke in a soft whisper. "You look like someone who doesn't give a shit about dolling herself up like the Coachella-looking college students."

Hillier listened to him but couldn't help keeping her gaze away from his crotch, staring at the inseam where she swore she saw movement shifting around his thigh. When there was silence she looked up and she stammered at seeing him smile. "I-sorry I didn't mean-"

"You want to see it?"

Hillier's mouth was agape, clutching her belly as she stared at the zipper. She nodded, running her fingers along her sides, touching the very edge of her shirt.

"Why don't I show you at my place?" he rested is hands on his hips.

Hillier groaned, clawing at her waist after untucking her shirt. "Can't I see it now please?" she leaned forward, opening her mouth to bite his zipper. The moment he placed his hand on her head she felt a chill run up her spine, memories of the position reminding her what followed when a man took control.

"Oh slow down there." he whispered. He checked both sides of the street before looking back at Hillier, his eyes as white as the moon. "All right, let's get out of here. But first, why don't you leave your clothes here? You won't need them where we're going."

Hillier's hands moved quickly, fumbling with her belt as she rose from her seat, cursing as she fought to kick her jeans off and then her shoes. She finally removed her pants and threw them out the driver's side window, looking down at the front of her black bikini panties with the independence symbol printed on the crotch. She turned to see the man sliding into the passenger side, gazing at her exposed crotch.

She covered her face as it turned red, "Oh my god I can't believe I'm doing this!"

"I think it's awesome hon." his voice was inches from her ear, the whisper dripping into her ear. His fingers ran across her bare thigh.

Hillier swiveled in her seat, shrugging off her jacket and pulling her shirt over her head. She wore a nude-colored brassier. Discarding the rest of her clothes, she leaned over the seat to kiss him but a finger on her lips stopped her. "Come on." she pouted, her sex beating to the thump of her heart.

"Just drive hon. We have all the time in the world."

*****

The first conscious breath Kirstin took was raspy, cold air sliding down her throat with each inhale. She was warm from her neck down, but a chill nipped her face. The next breath forced her to cough and she moved, only to feel the smooth, soft touch of cotton lining, as well as an arm draped around her. Forcing her eyes open, Kirstin saw the damp ground of the wilderness.

Warm fingers curled and dragged across her stomach, tickling her bare belly and making Kirstin shift more in the sleeping bag. An arm wrapped around her best, exactly how Sakeena liked to spoon with her. Kirstin could feel Sakeena's legs squeezing her west, both their naked bodies exposed canvases sensitive to the lightest touch.

Kirstin's eyes followed up the tree they slept next to, spotting the rope wrapped several feet above the ground. The sight roused the pain in her hips and shoulders, her body voicing in protest from being suspended all night.

"Good morning." Sakeena planted a kiss on the back of Kirstin's neck. "Did you sleep well?"

"Yeah." Kirstin muttered, rolling to her side, pushing herself out of the sleeping bag. "Where are my clothes?"

"What's the rush?" Sakeena's hand reached to grab Kirstin's hand but it was pushed away.

"The rush is that my coworkers will be on duty today and I need everyone to pack their shit and get out."

Kirstin shrank back into her sleeping back, holding it over her chest as she saw Michelle, clad in her uniform gathering scraps of clothing off the ground. The other women who were "invited" last night also sluggishly dressed themselves, the aftermath of the evening debauchery showing. 

Karyn's hair was a tangled mess that hung over her face. Jaimie wandered while pulling her white shirt over her bare sex, turning around to reveal her backside that was covered in thin red welts where she had been whipped. Maile sat nearby a tree and approached Sakeena as soon as she was awake.

"Hey um...can I get a ride home?" she asked.

Sakeena's breath tickled Kirstin's back as she exhaled. The zipper to the sleeping bag slid down, bringing a chill to Kirstin as Sakeena stood up. "I'm sorry Maile, but I need to talk with my partner, would you mind if..." her voice carried

"I can take her." Jaimie said, forgetting her modesty to walk up to Maile and give her a kiss. Maile's annoyed look melted into a smile as she gave Jaimie a kiss of her own.

"Thanks." Kirstin whispered as she rose to her feet, spotting her shirt against a nearby tree and grabbing it.

"Don't thank me yet. I'm assuming we'll be having a long talk?"

"Yes we will." Kirstin didn't make eye contact, she snatched her jeans that were folded on the ground and slid them on, the rough texture of the denim on her sex agitating her even more. "Is there anything you need to do with your friends before we go?"

"No, can I take you out to breakfast?" Sakeena pulled her dress over her head and down over her body, the sight of her curves doing nothing to placate Kirstin's anger.

"Hold on a second!" Michelle announced, drawing everyone's attention. She stood by the remains of their campfire holding up a small yellow bundle of cloth in her hand. "Whose Spongebob Squarepants panties?"

The haze from lack of sleep melted away in Kirstin's body as anxiety flooded through her nervous system. She could see the blue eyed, gap-toothed smile of the cartoon character on the back of the powder blue bikini-style panties she wore. She turned away just as her face began to burn, hand cupped over her mouth to silence her wince.

"Come on ladies you know the drill, nothing gets left behind and I'm not carrying this back to the lost and found bin."

The muffled sounds of snorting and snickers circulated around the group of women and Kirstin buried her face in Sakeena's chest, forgetting her hatred for just a moment. "Um they're mine." Sakeena said calmly, walking past Kirstin to take them from Michelle.

"Yours.' Cherry said, "You're a Spongebob Squarepants fan? I didn't even know you watched TV."

"I just like the absurdity of it." Sakeena said, stepping into Kirstin's panties. She watched as Sakeena slid them up her legs, hiking up her skirt until they tried to stretch over her plump ass. Her lips puckered as she stretched the waistband only to let it go and snap against her hip.

"They look a little snug on you." Michelle said.

"Maybe that's the point." Sakeena said dryly before walking back to Kirstin and flashing her a wink. 'Happy now Michelle?"

"Yes, now everyone, get out of here so I don't lose my job." she said, gesturing for everyone to follow her back to the entrance. Kirstin and Sakeena waited until they were behind everyone else.

"You're welcome." Sakeena whispered, reaching around to slide her hand down Kirstin's jeans.

"Don't." she snapped, grabbing Sakeena's wrist, "Let's hurry up because I have a lot of shit to do today."

*****

Kirstin followed Sakeena back into Ann Arbor, the silence in the car kept her mood tempered. The longer she drove the reality of what Sakeena did seeped in, infidelity, striking her and leaving her to feel humiliated to be part of some ritual for the vampires. The biggest slight was the secrecy. As she followed Sakeena into the Denny's parking lot, Kirstin wondered if she'd ever get down to the truth of the world of vampires and Sakeena's role in it.

Kirstin took in a deep breath with closed eyes before getting out of her car. Sakeena closed her car door and swiveled her hips while reaching behind her, "These are really tight."

"Why are we at Denny's?"

"Because I'd rather have our discussion drowned out by screaming children if that's okay with you."

"Fine let's go." Kirstin headed to the entrance.

"Wait, can I just take these off-"

"I'm not waiting." and she didn't as she pulled the door open, not looking to see if Sakeena was behind her. She forced a smile as she was greeted by the host and said, "Two please."

"Thanks for waiting," Sakeena muttered, hurrying inside after fixing her hair. The host stared at Sakeena, looked back at Kirstin before smirking and leading them to a both at the other side of the restaurant.

"Nice to see that even Denny's has the moral compass to judge by hiding us behind the salad bar." Kirstin rolled her eyes after the host left.

"I mean. We're both doing the walk-of-shame basically. The way I'm dressed-"

"-Yeah you really know how to dress to impress when you want to pick up women who are barely of age." Kirstin leaned forward, eyes locked onto Sakeena's.

Sakeena froze, mouth open for a brief moment before she closed her eyes and placed her hands on the table. 'Kirstin I'm-"

"-don't feed me the sorry bullshit." Kirstin hissed, "Just tell me who were the women who had me tied up and humiliated." she saw Sakeena swallow and squeeze her eyes shut but was too angry to apologize.

Sakeena clasped her hands tight as she whispered, "They're the Circle of the Crone. They're a group of women who worship female deities, all of them like Melissa."

Kirstin nodded but remained silent, the voices of patrons drowned out by her memory of the chants she heard.

"What you were part of, was a ritual that they conduct. The servant finds a vessel to court and then the vampire feeds on them while they make love. It has something to do with honoring the Dark Mother through passion.'

"That was NOT making love." Kirstin's glare made Sakeena look away, "I thought I was going to die. I thought all of them were going to die."

"You're right, 'make love' was my term not theirs. They would view it as part of the ritual. In Hiero-" she puckered her lips to stop and saw Kirstin raise an eyebrow. Sakeena leaned close as if to kiss her. "Hierophant Vercci, that was the woman with the snake, in her eyes, Medusa is her Goddess and the sex ritual is in part honoring the snake."

"Why do vampires need to worship a goddess?" Kirstin didn't care how loud she spoke, even after watching Sakeena look over her shoulder to make sure no one listened.

"I don't know what it's like to be undead, but I'm pretty sure that throws any sense of life and reality out the window. They still have to make some sense of the world and what's keeping them from moving on."

"So that's why you say 'oh my goddess'" Kirstin thought back to all the times she and Sakeena pleasured each other, how she called out to the Dark mother at her weakest, most sensitive of states. "Did you believe? Is that why you were willing to fuck someone else without telling me because Melissa and your snake-whore told you so?"

Sakeena raised an eyebrow, "Is infidelity the only reason you're pissed at me Kirstin? Because I recall that Melissa fucked both of us before we ever met and you know she fucks me before feeding on me."

"She also lured other women from Necto, the hunter told me, not you."

"And as you saw this morning, those women all get sent back the day after."

"So why do they get to walk away while I'm the one who keeps finding out new aspects about your life?"

"Because they think it's just an all-women's swinger's party and don't ask questions. Unlike you who keeps letting your moral compass get you into more trouble."

Kirstin rested an elbow on the table running her fingers through her hair to hold back her rage. "How many?"

"I don't know, Melissa's lived in Michigan for decades it could be hundreds."
