 This is a work of fiction any similarities between the characters, events, or locations in this story and actual locations, events, or people are purely coincidental.

© 2005 Warlord

With the Princess's words, the Baron stood glaring at her. She frowned, gesturing rather emphatically. Radcliff slammed his sword back into its scabbard, before he stalked to the tables where the other black clad guardsmen were gathered.

A guardsman stepped up to the bar by Luther. This one had the mien of every 'non-com' I've ever seen, as he requested stabling the horses then made arrangements for food and lodging, digging in his purse to pay for it all. 

Now the princess's gaze settled on me. She walked forward I was forced to put up my Katana. Before I belatedly remembered my manners, she was already seated, gesturing to my chair and saying softly, "Sit, Brock, and let us talk without formality, one warrior to another. I am Nadia."

As I sheathed my blade, Nadia smirked, saying in her amused tone, "Very foolish hunter. Why?"

I shrugged, saying, "He reminded me of someone. Someone I did not like very much."

She cocked her head as she grinned. "Obviously." She continued, now more serious, "And if I had not interfered?"

I smiled coldly. "We would have danced, the baron and I."

She nodded, smiling in genuine amusement. "I've seen the baron dance. It might have been amusing, but I could not risk it."

I was puzzled and must have looked it, as she went on, "You might have killed him. What if the King chooses to imprison you for killing his pet baron? Far worse, he might have killed you."

I raised an eyebrow as I asked, "Far worse?"

She nodded, saying calmly, "Who knows how hunters might act in response to stories of the black baron killing one of them. The last time there was anything close to such a dispute was in my grandfather's grandfather's time. The hunters reacted badly to one of their own being jailed by the king."

I was interested in this little history lesson, so I asked eagerly, "They attacked, freeing him, my lady?"

The princess smiled prettily as she shook her head. "Nadia, please, but no, hunter Brock, far, far worse. Hunters, one and all, merely disappeared back into the forests. Animals ran wild; criminals were untouched while slaves ran away with impunity. The king was nearly deposed before he released the hunter, with lavish gifts of jewels and gold. It was years before hunters completely forgave the king, returning in numbers to the kingdom."

Nadia reached across the table, picking up my wine glass, taking a taste. I refilled the glass; she smiled, taking a healthy swallow while I sipped my coffee. 

Nadia smirked at me as she continued, "No more, Hunter, please, with your attempted dance lessons for our baron or others high born. The kingdom can ill afford it. Rather you would dance at one of the receptions at King Holm."

She looked at me archly as she dipped her finger in the wine, then used it, wetting her lips, saying seductively, "I would welcome a dance lesson." 

. 

With my start of surprise, I looked to see Cori and Ria busy helping the other slaves serve the platters of food and drink to the guardsmen. In the midst of all this activity Baron Radcliff's black eyes were locked on our table. Seeing my look, Nadia, grinning, made a dismissive gesture with her fingertips in the Baron's sightline. The sound of his palm striking the tabletop echoed through the great room like a pistol shot as he angrily turned away from us. 

Nadia settled deeper in the chair as she looked tiredly at me while I again filled the wine glass for her. She smiled gratefully as she said with a sigh, "Hard journey from Port City, hunter. We will rest, then late tomorrow on to Duke Edgar in Castle Town, then from there we press on to King Holm."

I nodded even though I did not yet have a good sense of geography and distance. I looked up to see Cori at a dead run toward our table bringing wine and ale for the princess. As Cori set the tray on the table, Nadia said appreciatively, "Thank you for this, but I will be dining with the guardsmen."

After another glass of wine disappeared in a swallow. Nadia looked over at me, asking, "And what of you, hunter?"

I shrugged as I answered, "I, too, travel to Castle Town."

Before I could elaborate, the Princess's face with wreathed in a huge smile as she practically gushed, "You must travel with us, Hunter. We have extra horses and the coach. I am sure the baron would be happy to provide a mount."

I am not sure if Nadia was aware of the fine irony of her baron providing a horse. My guess is that Radcliff's choice would qualify for a saddle bronc slot in the National Finals Rodeo. Climbing aboard would be an exciting few seconds for me I'm sure. Very God Damn few seconds!

This odd mating dance of Princess and Baron was making me nervous. Now that my brain was back somewhat in control I wondered what possessed me to call out a member of nobility in the middle of his troops. An armored, well armed and competent...

Then, too, the lovely Nadia throwing me in the baron's face was hardly likely to endear me. Not that I minded this time with Nadia - she was lovely. I would like to see what she looked like out of her armor. Okay, in a fancy dress at one of those royal balls. It seemed unlikely that she'd remember her invitation or me once she was on the road. Even more doubtful that the Black Baron Radcliff would let me get close enough in the future to remind her.

Before I could say or do anything getting me further enmeshed in the Nadia and Radcliff soap opera, Luther was standing next to our table. Nadia looked up, saying in an inquisitive tone, "Yes, Innkeeper?"

Luther answered in his best Innkeeper manner. "My lady, I have served the guardsman and Baron."

Nadia answered in a pleasant fashion. "Thank you, innkeeper. I will join them."

She started to rise with Luther quickly grabbing her chair. I stood up as well. Nadia grasped my hand as she smiled at me, saying with genuine warmth, "I enjoyed this time, hunter. Uncle Oswald will know of your hospitalities."

With that, she released my hand in one lithe motion, spinning and striding to join the guardsmen. She was already seated between two of them far down from the baron before Luther or anyone at their table could react. She was immediately talking animatedly with them and Trevor sitting across the table. Now they had full benefit of Radcliff's baleful looks. 

Luther looked over at me with a neutral expression. I shrugged as I asked softly, "Luther, would it be possible to get an early meal?"

He nodded. "Certainly, Brock, sir. How early?"

I answered, "I would like to be gone before dawn."

Now just a hint of a smile as Luther said, "Certainly, Brock, I will inform Trevor of your intentions while Cori and Ria will be sure that you awaken in good time. Will there be anything else?"

I nodded, saying, "Yes, Luther I'd like to remain a guest here at the inn."

Luther looked pleased as he said, "Of course, we will keep your room and any item you leave here will be in our safe keeping."

I picked up my Katana that had been leaning against the table and began walking toward the stairs. Suddenly the guardsmen 'non-com' blocked my way. Aw, shit.

Then he spoke in an altogether unthreatening way saying quietly, "Hunter, your knife."

As he pointed to the post behind us. He stepped around me pulled the knife out of the wood then smiling presented it haft first. I closed my mouth with a snap then taking the knife and sheathing it as I thanked him. He almost inaudibly said, "You missed."

I started, then grinned as I replied, "I was aiming for the wall."

Now he snickered as he returned to his seat. As I came abreast of the several packed tables, I realized the guards for the inn and the Baron's were intermingled. Trevor waved, wishing me a good night that was echoed up and down the tables. After a particularly pointed look from the Princess, Baron Radcliff offered his tepid one. I thanked them, as I waved and kept moving, away from any possible display by the Baron.

When I reached the steps, Cori was waiting with a small oil lamp. She led me up the stairs and along the hall to my room. There, the lights and fireplace were already lit. I set my sword and weapons aside, setting my watch to wake me with its chime. Cori threw off her shift and was swiftly at work stripping me. Soft knocking on the door announced Ria. Joining us, Ria pulled off her shift; then, naked, she knelt next to me, pulling down my pants. 

Cori was turning down my bed as Ria leaned forward, kissing and licking my exposed cock. She lifted it against my belly as her tongue swabbed with long, slow strokes. She paused, then her wet mouth engulfed my balls She let them fall out of her lips slowly; then her lips slid over the head of my cock. As her tongue lashed at my piss hole, my balls drew up, tingling, and I spasmed strongly into her mouth. Her cheeks bulged, then Ria swallowed, cradling my balls in her warm fingers. She smiled happily as she gently kissed my cockhead, before standing to lead me to my bed. 

Ria carefully positioned me supine in the center of the bed, while Cori knelt between my spread legs. She leaned forward until she took my soft cock in her mouth. Not sucking, just holding it between her lips as she settled on her stomach with her breasts on my thighs. Ria tucked herself under my arm kissing my cheek as she whispered, "Cori will spend the night holding you while I warm you."

I could only nod. I was spent, but her warm mouth on my cock sent erotic shivers though me. I settled back in the soft pillows, with Ria's soft breasts pressed against me. Surprisingly, I was asleep in an instant. 

*****

Awakening in the morning darkness was disorienting, until my mind caught up with recent events. I had awakened before the alarm. This was my accustomed internal clock, and it was nice to observe it carried over in this 'alien' environment. 

Ria was cuddled with her head on my chest. Warm breath on my balls was Cori under the coverlet, with her face nuzzled against them. My cock was hard with my 'morning wood,' as I remembered vivid erotic dreams of languorous blowjobs in the night. I was abruptly unsure if those were dreams. 

Glancing around the room in the morning darkness; lamps turned low with the fireplace reduced to a few glowing coals in the white ashes. I strained my ears, but all was silence outside my door. Lying quietly, I simply enjoyed the warmth of my companions. 

Soft chiming from my pocket watch brought Ria's head up. She kissed me softly as she welcomed me to wakefulness. I felt Cori's soft lips kiss the head of my dick; then, with a giggle, the bedspread lifted and I saw her bright eyes peering at me. 

Ria excused herself from my bed to turn up the lamps and stoke the fire. I stood up next to the bed, watching Ria, when I felt Cori stroking my cock. I looked down to see her stretched out on the bed with her honey blonde hair entwined around my dick. I hardened even more under her ministrations, with her hands stroking insistently. Her lips were far down on my shaft as her head bobbed back and forth. 

The firelight made her skin blush, with the twin globes of her perfect butt gleaming in the red-orange light. I reached forward, squeezing her ass, as Cori drew me deeper into her mouth. Her warm fingers, cupping my balls, set me off. I grabbed her butt in a bruising grip as I sprayed her mouth. She swallowed it all, then licking just the head, as she ended with a kiss to the crown. Cori looked at me with a grin, then kissed my cock head with an infectious giggle. 

Ria joined us, slapping Cori on the ass asking me quietly, "Bath, Brock, sir?"

I answered, "Yes, please, but a quick one."

They both giggled as they answered, "Yes, sir of course sir." 

We were naked as Ria and Cori each took an arm, leading me out the door and along the hall to the small toilet room; then, after my morning 'business' was done, into the shower room. 

They both scrubbed me with soaped fingers, Cori starting from my head and Ria my feet. Then Cori rinsed me with buckets of warm water, while Ria prepared the tub of hot water. When I was free of soap, Cori settled me in the steaming tub. Today I did not have time to laze in the tub. As I stood and stepped out of the tub, Cori began a brisk rubdown with a thick cotton sheet. 

With the big towel still wrapped around me, she led me back to my room, where Ria was busy laying out my clothes and weapons for my excursion into the woods. Starting with my soft buckskin pants and shirt, then my mail, armor, and weapons. With their help, I was swiftly dressed and my pack basket filled. 

I was carrying my Katana, with Ria leading, while Cori followed with my pack. At the bottom of the steps, I took in the common room, deserted, quiet and only dimly lit in this early morning. 

Luther spotted me and immediately signaled me to the same alcove where I had had my evening meal. The table was already set with juice, coffee, mead and wine. As soon as I was seated, Luther gestured and platters of food appeared from the kitchen. I was confronted with huge portions of eggs and potatoes with sausage, ham and bacon garnished with fruit and surrounded by rolls and biscuit. I did my best to make a dent, but as soon as I made any headway, a fresh laden tray would appear. I finally sagged back in 'defeat,' fully sated and sipping my coffee while I smoked a cigarette. 

Now Cori appeared with an oilcloth bundle and a tin quart container, saying brightly, "I have lunch for you Brock with coffee. This tin container is enchanted; it will keep hot for you." 

She tucked it in the top of my pack basket as I checked my watch. Luther saw my look as he asked, "Brock sir, would you like to speak to Trevor?"

I nodded as I stood. Luther went to the door and gestured. Trevor quickly joined us. I grinned as he said, "You are up early, hunter. What can we do to help you?"

I said softly, "A favor Trevor. Could you please arrange a bit of diversion, so that a person would be distracted from seeing someone leave by that door?"

Luther and Trevor smiled as Trevor said, "That will be my pleasure, hunter Brock. When?"

I looked out the Inn door that Trevor had left open to see the first faint light of false dawn. I pointed, saying, "Now, or soon as possible please."

Trevor nodded as he shook my hand, saying, "Certainly, Brock, and good hunting."

I said, "Good luck to you, Trevor."

He turned and headed out, leaving the door still wide open. I reached down to retrieve my crossbow, cocking it and setting a quarrel in place. Last, I tucked my Katana in my belt. I shrugged the pack onto one shoulder, holding my crossbow as I continued to calmly smoke, standing back from the door.

I shook Luther's hand then kissed and hugged Ria and Cori. I handed Ria my empty coffee cup as I took a last drag on my cigarette, handing the butt to Cori just as Trevor blew a brass whistle, and began loudly assembling his men in the middle of the road in front of the Inn. 

Giving it a second, then, I moved out the door, then sideways to the end of the porch. Without pause I swung under the porch railing. I moved swiftly across the open space, jumping over the low wall and into the thick forest. 

I stopped in the thick foliage, looking and listening, but nothing seemed amiss. I changed out of my boots and into soft thin-soled moccasins that would allow me to move silently. As dawn broke I drifted westward away from the inn paralleling the road to River town. 

The faint game trails gave me easy passage as I took my time, vigilant to the possibility of ambush. I saw the lightening ahead of a clearing. I approached even slower. Peering through the thick foliage I thought I saw a slate roof 

TO BE CONTINUED