 This is a work of fiction. Any similarities between the characters, events, or locations in this story and actual locations, events, or people are purely coincidental.

© 2005 Warlord



As the horsemen closed, my vision fixated on those sharpened points. Clearly they were from the "spit'em and let somebody else sort'em out" school. No pansy ass "innocent until proven guilty" bullshit for these bad boys. 

Their abruptness, however, left little time to explain my presence here in the big woods. With the looming cavalry, it was rapidly dawning on me that standing in the road at an active ambush site, with my sword in view and loaded crossbow in hand, might be an error. A big one, maybe my last one! And grounding that crossbow was not slowing them. 

Just as I made a despairing curse at Robert for his 'fucking secret keys', a strident bugle call echoed through the woods, followed by the insistent ratta-plan of a kettledrum. 

The lancers' discipline and training more than matched their aggressive tactics. Spears snapped up to vertical as four galloping horsemen altered course to pass me, taking a blocking position in the road. Two horsemen skidded to a halt as they bracketed me mere feet away, their lances leveled while their excited horses danced in place. 

The drumming and bugle calls continued in counterpoint, as more horses thundered up to join the van. Mounted crossbowmen charged past, linking up with the advance guard, as more guardsmen dismounted up and down the road -- some facing me with drawn sword, others facing outwards. 

Guidiron, along with the Halbmond of the mounted bugler among a cadre, announced the leadership cantering to the fore, closely followed by a massive black coach with its still﷓pounding war drum mounted on the roof. The coach was festooned with heavily﷓armed soldiers on the roof and hanging from every window and door.

My eyes were drawn past the coach to a lone figure in black armor laying over the horse's neck approaching along the road margin at a 'horse killing' gallop, passing the others while continuously whipping the frothing horse already at a dead run. 

Closer, the figure was up off the saddle, holding the saddle horn, with only one foot in a stirrup, still lashing the horse. As the horse threatened to trample me, the black clad figure dropped off, running next to it holding the saddle, then let go, throwing her helmet on the ground, grabbing me in a fierce hug. The impact took us both off our feet, rolling on the ground. 

Luckily, I ended up on top. Not very chivalrous, I know. But God Damn It, she was the one in the heavy plate armor. 

Even at that, I was bruised and out of breath as the noncom helped me to my feet. By contrast, Nadia bounced to her feet, grabbing me and again crushing me to her chest. Another experience fairly ruined by combined breastplate and mail. (Okay, the kiss was nice. Turns out Nadia is a world class kisser, with the softest, 'poutiest' lips this side of Angelina Jolie.) 

I was even more out of breath as she pulled back fractionally. I was looking deep into those green eyes with little flecks of gold, as the catcalls and whistles built in volume. She held me at arms length, examining me with a critical eye as she asked loudly with much concern, "My hunter, are you all right?"

The noncom answered for me, "He barely survived our rescue, never mind the greeting, your Grace."

She looked over with one eyebrow up, and in a withering tone said, "Fuck you, Nolan."

He nodded calmly, saying blandly, "Yes, of course your Grace, as you wish."

While their little byplay was going on, I was catching my breath and observing the scene. Aside from the clot of soldiers who were standing around grinning and watching us, the rest were vigilant in surveillance of the forest with their weapons at ready. Observant Lancers were continually up and down the road. 

Looking back at the Nadia, I saw an adorable smudge of dirt on one cheek, with more dirt streaking her armor, and even some in her hair from our rolling around. Her long black shiny hair was lying over her shoulder, done in a single tight braid held by alternating silver and gold colored bands. On second thought, they probably were silver and gold!

I looked around for the black baron Radcliff. He was next to the carriage, still mounted. The tallest horse in the company, of course. Tallest fucking horse I'd ever seen. Of course! His face in that perpetual scowl I was now so used to. Of course. 

A deep well-modulated voice spoke up loudly, "Why don't you just drag him into the ditch, Nadia?"

My head snapped around to see a tall, black clad figure slouched comfortably on horseback, with one leg casually hooked over the saddle horn. Long blond hair framed his handsome face, which was marred by a long crescent scar puckering one cheek from jaw to temple. His eyes glittered even in repose, but he seemed in good humor with his swipe at the princess.

The comment caused a grinning Nadia to turn facing him. She clearly took no offense. Nadia seemed altogether comfortable in this company, and from what I could see, they respected her as a comrade besides her rank... or perhaps more to the point, despite her rank. 

Nadia looked up to ask good﷓humouredly, "You have a problem with my behavior, Logan?"

Logan leered as he drawled, "Certainly not, Nadia. My concern was only and always for the tender sensibilities of these poor horses."

Now his eyes found me and I got full benefit of his measuring gaze as Logan said softly to no one in particular, "I have no problems that can't be dealt with on the practice square or outside the castle wall at dawn."

He lifted the reins, breaking his intense scrutiny, and his horse turned, walking away slowly as he slouched in the saddle. At that moment, Radcliff's big black horse shouldered into our circle. The noncom Nolan had his back to the black baron, and I caught the flash of his smirk as he winked, just before his countenance returned to its professional mien. 

Radcliff was in full cry immediately. "God damn you. Explain what the fuck is going on here, immediately. You impertinent cocksucker, I'll leave you kicking at the end of a rope if you don't tell me everything to my satisfaction right now."

I stepped back, gesturing silently to the two bodies. Although they hadn't been completely ignored, they certainly hadn't gotten much attention before now. Then I drew their awareness to the rope hawser. Nolan pointed, and the bugler stepped down, pulling the saddlebags off his horse. They were both kneeling next to the bodies examining them and their weapons, while scrutinizing the contents of the bugler's kit. 

During this interlude Nadia grabbed my arm, pressing against me, those moist full lips and little pink tongue poised inches from my ear. Once again, armor and chain mail ruined what might have been a lovely effect. The only heat I got for my trouble was from the laser﷓like glower of the black baron. He, for his part, sat in his saddle muttering about what was going to happen if he didn't get an answer "right fucking now." 

Nolan finally stood up, followed by the bugler, now holding two pieces of paper. The bugler spoke directly to the Baron, "Both of them, Sir. They match the descriptions we have of members of the highwaymen. There is no doubt with the giant and the big hammer."

Gesturing with his papers as he continued in our silence, "This bowman, with his short bow and barbed arrows, is also known to be part of the rabble."

Radcliff was off his mount and kneeling next to the giant just that quick. He stared pensively at their faces poking them with his finger. Looking up he asked in an aggrieved tone, "Where the fuck ARE they?"

Nolan musing answered what was likely a rhetorical question, "Giant hasn't been seen in the kingdoms since the robberies started. The bowman is unremarkable. He could blend into any market day in Castle Town, or the less savory river taverns outside the walls of our own King Holm might be a haven for him."

He glanced around as he continued to ruminate. "The gold coin offered as reward even for him made it however unlikely to find succor even in those rude haunts. Still, as a group they are not being identified and reported, even with the many silvers being offered for information about their warren."

The bugler looked into my questioning glance, saying, "King Oswald has long since offered reward of 100 silver coins simply to point out the robbers nest."

Nolan commented, "The lack of response in the kingdoms even among the poorest would indicate a well hidden lair perhaps deep in this very forest."

At their shuddering over the scary forest, I came to a decision. I was definitely feeling light﷓headed from all those poised, plump, pouty lips but fuck it! Loudly and clearly I said, "They're not hiding in the forest."

The princess was suddenly an arms length away staring intently as the Baron regained his feet, looking stonily at me in dead silence. I continued in the same tone, "Baron, Princess and gentlemen, I give you this bit of information for free. The robbers walked up this road today before dawn to this ambush site. They did not come through the forest nor spend the night here."

Gesturing down the road I said, "You may find their horses or a wagon at the edge of the wooded area."

Nolan looked at me speculatively as he asked, "They were readying their ambush. That's how you took them?"

I nodded. He shook his head still looking at the giant as he said matter-of-factly, "Even with your surprise, winning single-handedly against him was hardly easy."

There were nods of agreement around the circle. Nolan pointed silently and the two bodies were loaded into the coach's boot. As they passed him, he asked, "Do your shackles bear your mark?"

I nodded. Robert had marked the cuffs and chains with our, now my brand, either on the frame or on a tiny brass tag. In fact he marked all the gear for this world with our special symbol, Ouroboros. 

This snake devouring his tail held a special place for him. I can remember his fascination from our earliest time together. I had not thought of it until just now: one of my first memories of our friendship is of his father presenting matching silver rings to us of Queztacoatl, the Aztec winged serpent devouring his tail. The serpent circles our finger with the head in place of a stone. 

For years, I wore the ring wrapped with tape until I grew into it. Now it's always on my right hand. I glanced down to see the sun glitter off the snake's ruby eyes. I held up my knife for the bugler, who made note on his papers of the round snake symbol embossed in the haft, while Nolan supervised lashing the bodies into place. 

We were standing by the boot when Nolan commented, "These highwaymen will be displayed in the public square at King Holm. King Oswald makes the reward at that time. You can pick up your cuffs there."

I looked at him with a bit of distaste, pointing at the two bodies saying, "They'll be pretty ripe by then."

He smiled. "We'll buy an enchantment in River Town, good for the trip at least."

Radcliff was up on his horse. Gone any semblance of reflection, back to his dark angry visage. He looked down at me and barked angrily, "Your money?"

I must have looked puzzled by the abrupt question. Nadia smilingly offered an explanation. "The reward is made when we have The Raising, the bodies are hung in the square displayed for a fortnight then moved outside the walls where they hang until thoroughly rotted. 

When I stood in quiet contemplation of that little ceremony Nadia continued brightly, "You or a representative receives your gold during the raising ceremony. If you have no one in King Holm..."

Radcliff barked loudly, "There are always the lenders."

Nadia frowned prettily. "But they will charge him usurious interest just for safekeeping of his gold."

A safekeeping charge instead of interest! Wait until the banks back home hear about that one. Then her eyebrow came up and she smirked. Nadia's eyes opened wide in apparent wonderment as if she'd just had that second come into a brainstorm. "I'll hold your coins for you, hunter Brock. You can contact me when you reach King Holm. In fact..."

She began to worry her braid, unplaiting her hair. One of the rings in her braid was different. A finger ring cleverly placed with the stone inside her braid out of sight. The huge blood red ruby was now revealed among the black tresses. 

Nolan's worried tone cut through. "Princess Nadia, Please your Grace."

Now I heard the steel in the Princesses voice as she barked, "Nolan, you overstep."

He was quite unabashed as he pressed, "Yes, your Grace, when I must."

She stared hard at him, and he met her gaze coolly. Nadia spoke evenly. "I will do this, Nolan. Attend me, please."

Reluctantly, he slowly acquiesced. "As you wish, your Grace."

I was still confused, even as Nolan reached over, gently taking my right hand holding it palm up. In the silence Nadia held up the ruby ring. Its quite substantial red stone glowed with internal fire as it caught the sun. The massive setting with the writhing snakes around the stone and finger, and its one snake holding the stone in its distended mouth was oddly unsettling. Nadia set the ring in the center of my palm; Nolan closed my fingers around it. 

Nadia nodded curtly. "Thank you, Nolan."

Still unsmiling, he replied briskly, "Your Grace."

Then he stalked off his back stiff. Nadia smiled as she said serenely, "This is my ducal ring, Brock."

At my start of surprise she smiled happily and I heard a strangled sound from way up on that tall horse of Radcliff's. She looked delighted now as she continued, "This ring has been in my family for more than one hundred generations and is well known in the kingdoms. We too favor snakes in our heraldry."

She paused, smiling happily, then continued, "This ring will gain you entry in any of the several kingdoms castles or its forts, government, or military installation. Further, it will allow you use of military transportation or membership in our convoys. Finally, displaying it allows you entry into King Holm and its many castles."

Her eyes narrowed a bit as she frowned continuing in a low tone, "This allows entry into Castle Ethelinda, show this at the town gates. They will direct you to me." 

Looking at her then over her shoulder at the very somber faces around us it was starting to dawn on me that something was going on here. That something might not be so very good for me. (Yeah, and what was your first clue there, Sherlock? Aw, shit!) Suckered again by a good looking woman. 

I put on my brave face as I bowed my head saying, "Thank you for this my lady and for the trust it represents."

Nadia smiled as she spoke gaily, "I do understand that your work here may not be finished. Know that your reward in King Holm will be in my safekeeping. I look forward to your arrival at Castle Ethelinda..."

Here her voice dropped an octave and she looked intently into my eyes. "...Soon."

Her fingers lingered, then Nadia turned away Nolan was all business, now, as the bugler began blowing. The column reformed, while Nadia was remounted on a fresh horse. A trooper handed over my crossbow as I stood in wonderment from the side of the road, watching as the cavalry moved through dappled woods and was swallowed up in a cloud of dust. 

Just before they were lost from sight, a tall slouched over blond turned and waved. 

