 This is a work of fiction any similarities between the characters, events, or locations in this story and actual locations, events, or people are purely coincidental.

© 2005 Warlord

*

That went well – NOT!

I was back on my island hillock, sitting against a pine tree, with my cape intertwined in the boughs above me shedding the persistent drizzle, while the wood fire past my feet sputtered.

My Brunton Optimus backpacker's cook stove was next to me under the canopy, heating my MRE and boiling the water for my tea, while the uncovered light crystal was on my opposite side. I'm an indifferent cook, but enough Tabasco seems to make almost anything better. I mixed together the Beef Ravioli and Spaghetti with meat sauce rations in my one pot, and it was steaming hot. My tin cup held boiling hot tea, with a generous slug of honey. Eating by myself on top of this darkened hillside provided the opportunity to review recent events

My plan had been to disappear into the north woods and spend my time alone. I needed that solitary time to get over the disaster that was our sham marriage and my betrayal by Bill and Natalie (The Bitch). The disappear thing seemed to have been successful, but the hermit act was a dismal failure. 

I was in the company of more people than ever before, sexually involved with two slaves at Luther's Inn, had killed two natives, and now the lovely Nadia and I were a 'something' and by way of her ruby ring I was up to my ass in a circumstance that looked, paddled, and quacked like some sort of a palace intrigue. 

A cold drop of water ran down the back of my neck, while I sat turning Nadia's ruby ring over and over in my fingers. How the fuck did she know that left to my own devices I'd have 'blown off' those gold coins and gone back to my reclusive existence in the cabin?

I still could! I could toss this ring in the swamp, go back and turn the key, and just forget it ALL! 

Fucking Robert!

Right now he was sitting somewhere laughing his ass off. He KNEW I'd never be able to turn that fucking key back once I got here. 

I sat staring at the fire: What key did Robert choose? 

Where did HE end up? Once I was safely bundled off to the north woods cabin, I was betting that Robert had disappeared, through another convenient portal, to his chosen place of magic where he could lose that hated green oxygen bottle. 

Would I ever see my best friend again? 

Covering the light crystal, I settled in with my space blanket around my shoulders, staring at the fire until it or I went out.

 ***** To be continued...