 A slow built story about a character's transformation. Sexual content may be present in some chapters, but is not the main focus. So no quick thrills here, but some development of the protagonist(s).

As you probably know by now, this is my first attempt at writing erotic literature. Feedback is great for my stories and I, so please keep it coming! 

Once again, don't hesitate to look up 'Ranma 1/2' (japanese anime) and 'The Blue Necklace' (Literotica story), my two main inspirations for this story.

Also I took quite a while on this chapter due to a heavy timetable as Christmas approaches. Sorry about that guys, but I do have other things planned around this time of year. This is once again the longest chapter so far, as I'm trying to go for bigger and bigger chunks at a time. I just hope you enjoy!

*****

October 21, 2014

I had a dream last night, and a very strange one at that. I was standing in the middle of a forest clearing, staring up at the full Moon shining down upon me. I sensed beside me a fox treading lightly towards me. It was utterly silent and outside of my field of vision, but I knew it was there. I took a deep breath, and looked down to see two dark figures standing before me. They were tall and seemed rather haughty. I stared at them unblinkingly.

"Will things ever be as before?" I asked. 

I hadn't uttered a sound, yet I knew they could somehow hear me. There was a long pause, long enough to allow a long and disheartened sigh. Then one of the figures spoke.

"Ante Jovem nulli subigebant arva coloni." It said in a deep, sad voice.

"Labor Omnia vincit improbus et duris urgens in rebus egestas." replied the other figure, its' voice sounding high and melodious.

I watched them silently.

"Le bon temps viendra, le vent vous emportera sur un nuage sans restrictions et sans cages." The second figure added, a hopeful tone in its' voice.

I suddenly had the feeling that they were both staring at me intently, although their eyes were shrouded in darkness.

"Gesta verbis praeveniant." The female one said.

"Gesta verbis praevenient!" Added the male one, sounding more forceful.

I closed my eyes, and felt myself sinking into the depths of the forest as the Moon was shrouded in clouds. 

When I woke up, I felt a little fuzzy, but otherwise all right. I had been sleeping in my underwear, and enjoyed the feeling of being in a seemingly bigger bed. I think I really was starting to appreciate sleeping as Elise, if nothing else. I slowly got up, stretching like a cat before donning my dressing gown, taking a towel and sneaking off to take a shower. I enjoyed the warm shower, after which I put on my dressing gown again, picked up my underwear and my towel, hiding the former behind the latter as I made my way back down.

"Oh Hey Erik!" came Beth's greeting as I passed her in the stairs.

I smiled back, glad that I'd gone back to being Erik after my shower. I wasn't quite comfortable not wearing underwear beneath my dressing gown, but it definitely was safer than being seen as Elise... I then dumped my stuff off in my room, leaving the towel to dry, and went to fetch breakfast.

After munching my way through my cereal, I went back to my room and prepared my stuff for lectures. In doing so, I made sure that I had everything that I needed in my handbag so as to avoid carrying another bag, which meant that I had to reduce what I was bringing by about two thirds. It was annoying, but the truth was that most of my papers were from previous stuff, which I no longer needed, as I only really needed a pen, paper and a few prior notes to follow the current lectures...

After stuffing my phone in as well, I went to the washbasin and changed myself back into Elise. Deciding I might as well start working on my make-up, I went to fetch it, only to find that it was stuffed at the bottom of my handbag, beneath piles of papers and clutter. God this would take some readjusting.

The real difficulty wasn't finding the make-up, however, but rather putting it on. That was a bit of a nightmare, as I went through the stuff that Henry had bought me. I looked at the brushes and tubes, reading what they were for in utter confusion, partly because I did not know what was the point of most of them, and partly because I couldn't understand how to apply those that I knew of or why they were a necessity.

I stared blankly at the words that I read. 'Concealer', 'Foundation', 'Highlighter', 'Contouring' and 'Lip liner' were all almost utterly foreign to me. I stared at my perfect, colored and unblemished face in my tiny mirror, wondering what to do with it. I finally attempted to add a little Highlighter on my cheek bones with a large brush, wondering whether they looked any rosier. I couldn't tell the difference, but I didn't want to take the risk of looking ridiculous, so I stopped there.

I then attempted to apply so eye shadow, and found it to be considerably harder than I expected, as I kept poking myself in the eye with the brush. After multiple shoddy attempts, after which I had to immediately brush the smudges of my eyelids and bath my sore eyes in cold tap water, I finally managed to put on small touches of the thing. It didn't look like much, but at least it wasn't over the top or ridiculous, and I certainly wasn't going to do that thing again today.

I attempted to add on some eyeliner as well, adding a few light touches before renouncing. 'How is this worth sticking a pen in my eye over and over again?' I asked myself grumpily. I then looked at my lips. They were pink and colorful, and certainly did not need my over-the-top red lipstick in my opinion. I let them be for today, and answered my door as I heard a couple of soft knocks.

It was Henry, who had come to tell me that Beth had gone, and gave me a new top. It was a tight pink tank top... I thanked him, closed the door, and looked at my current outfit, consisting of my small shorts and tight tank top. I shook my head to myself. Why was it that despite being so thoughtful, Henry always seemed to choose my outfit with his dick instead of his brain...?

It couldn't be helped though, and after all if I were to adapt to being feminine, I might as well be thrown into the deep end right away. I got out of my dressing gown, changed into some pink panties and bra with flowery patterns, and put on my outfit and a pair of flat pumps (I was lucky that the other two hadn't taken my shoes). It was... Acceptable, but made me feel very bare. I gritted my teeth, picked up my new handbag, and walked out of my room.

I was greeted, to my surprise, by both Henry and Mike who'd staid behind, waiting for me, and were now applauding me as I left my room. Feeling rather embarrassed, I didn't dare meet their eyes as we headed for the front door, Henry in front and Mike tailing behind. Luckily for me, it was a rather sunny day despite the autumnal weather, so my legs didn't feel as cold as I'd expected in the morning air.

We made our way to the bus stop together, chatting as we went. I was very conscious of the handbag swinging from my shoulder, being unused to the sensation. I wouldn't say it felt uncomfortable, but it certainly made me feel a little lopsided as we walked, with Mike and Henry walking on either side of me, resembling two bodyguards.

We finally got to the bus stop and stood around, waiting. Everything was a little strange at that moment. Indeed, I wasn't used to being with my usual friends out in the open as Elise, and nor had I ever gone this far towards developing her as my alter ego. Indeed, in my shorts, tank top, pumps and make-up along with my handbag, I had never felt so... Feminine.

It was weird. I had spent so much of my life trying to fight against any appearance of girlishness in order to preserve my masculinity, and yet now I was being encouraged by both my friends and circumstance to appear as female as possible... More than that, I was getting used to it, so that my embarrassment about it was starting to diminish. Instead, this started to feel right, as if Elise really was taking over, deciding to live her life as the normal girl she thought she ought to be.

I was concentrating on a mix of emotions at this point, halfway between feeling in and out of place, midway between content and horrified. I still felt embarrassed, but I also sensed happiness, vulnerability, frustration, and pride all clashing within my confused mind. It was as if my brain was dealing with them, not by taking them away, but rather by dulling these emotions down, so as to learn to deal with them. I was sinking deep into thought at this point, and only came to myself when Henry tapped me on the shoulder to bring my attention to the approaching bus.

The bus ride was an uncomfortable one, as I felt very self-conscious, sitting alongside Henry and Mike in the crowded bus, with my legs crossed and my handbag held tightly to my side. I was realizing just how vulnerable I was in this mass of people surrounding me. This realization had come to me before, but it became stronger and stronger each time I made my way into the general public in a more feminine, more obvious outfit.

I sensed stares upon my tightly crossed slender legs, despite being unable to see who was staring, and I crossed my arms around my slim waist, feeling very aware of how much of my bare body was showing. It bothered me to know that had Erik seen someone looking like me and dressed like I was in the bus, he would have been thoroughly checking her out, feeling a certain sense of arousal. Now, I felt like an object of other peoples' stares and was thoroughly uncomfortable by what I knew others might, and probably were, thinking they'd like to do to me.

The worst was that I didn't blame them. I knew from experience that for most males, it was only a natural reaction, and was in no way meant to offend or harm. Instead, I found myself blaming myself for looking like this, and by extension, I blamed Henry and Mike. How could they dress me up like this, as if I were some sort of doll to do what they wanted with? I closed my eyes, trying to ignore my surroundings.

We finally arrived on campus though, and I was relieved to get out of the cramped bus, stretching my legs as I walked out and started walking towards my next lecture, waving at Henry and Mike as they went their own separate ways. I arrived a little early, picking up my handout from the lecturers' desk and walking up the stairs to a row of seats, which was more or less in the middle of the theater. 

I sat down and waited a couple of minutes before a familiar boy made his way up to my row and sat beside me. It was Thomas, who looked a little disheveled, albeit rather pleased to see me.

"Well hello there!" He greeted me, "Where have you been of late? I haven't seen you in a while." I smiled shyly at that, unsure what to answer.

"I've... Been busy." I finally stated lamely.

He seemed to accept that, nodding thoughtfully, before complimenting me on my handbag. I didn't really know what to think of that, and noticed that he immediately turned pink as he realized what he had said. I giggled at that, and thanked him graciously. Trying to move on from his embarrassment, I then started asking him about one of the previous quantum physics lecture. At that point, the lecture began and Thomas shushed me. I shrugged, and turned my attention to the lecture.

Throughout the hour, however, I had the impression that Thomas was looking at me, even though I never turned around to check. I wasn't sure whether it was a full-on stare or just discreet glances, but it really felt as if he was paying more attention to me than I was accustomed to. I, on the other hand, was starting to get annoyed with my hair always falling into my field of view. It wasn't something that bothered me that much, but I wasn't accustomed to it, and became tiresome during lectures.

I really need something to tie my hair, I thought as I flicked it away from my face for what felt like the hundredth time. At the end of the lecture, as the lecturer walked out, I let loose my frustration at this surprisingly annoying strand of hair, tugging my hair back with a snarl and running my fingers through it backwards repeatedly. It came to no avail, as the strand fell straight back onto my nose.

Thomas chuckled at the sight of me angrily eyeing my own blond locks, and I looked around at him. He was smiling at me with an understanding grin.

"Why don't you braid it?" He asked simply.

My brain started whirring as I tried to find something to cover up the fact that I didn't know how to braid. 

"I don't have anything to tie braids with." I answered, remembering that I'd always seen braids tied with elastics. He laughed at that though

"That doesn't matter. Here, let me help you," He said, reaching behind me and taking hold of my hair.

I hesitated for a second, before turning my head and looking in the other direction to give him better access. I could feel him pulling on my locks and grouping them behind my back.

"Here, look at this," he said, "This is how you do an 'organic braid' I think."

I glanced back to see him holding a thick strand of hair which he divided into three around the middle of its' length. He then started alternately bringing the sections on either side into the middle position, thus braiding the top of my hair as the extremities knotted up below. I watched in fascination, as the locks became braids flowing from my head and ending into a small little knot at the bottom. Finally, Thomas took the knotted extremity and ran it between two sections of the braid above, securing it in place with a small tug.

I stared at the long blond braid, feeling impressed at how it ended seemingly into nothing, without a trace of anything tying it together. I then looked up gratefully at Thomas, only to feel a strand of hair fall from my forehead to the right side of my face. I grimaced.

"I'm not done yet," Said Thomas, chuckling, "Your hair is so thick that I could only do half of your hair at the time. Let me do the right half now."

I turned to look the other way again, feeling him group my remaining hair together and closed my eyes in appreciation as I felt him pull back all my hair, including the strands which were on my face. It was rather nice to feel him working my hair like this. Not anywhere near a head massage of course, but it was still comfortable.

"How did you learn how to do this?" I asked, feeling his hands work behind me. There was a short pause.

"I have a lot of sisters you see..." He said, his voice trailing away as I nodded.

For some reason, I had the feeling that he was going red, even though I couldn't see him. He tugged one last time on my hair, and I looked back at him with a grin, inspecting my new braids appreciatively.

"You do look pretty like that, you know." Said Thomas.

"As opposed to previously?" I asked teasingly. "Thanks a lot though," I quickly added, "It really helps me out..."

He smiled back at me. I suddenly froze, feeling his hand resting on my bare knee. Noticing my reaction, Thomas quickly retracted it, as his face went through multiple shades of red at once. Guiltily, I tried to cover up my reaction and smiled shyly, brushing my hand on his arm in what I hoped was a comforting gesture.

I didn't know what to think of what he had just done, but I knew by experience that it had required a lot of courage. Responding in the way I had must have been mortifying, and I silently cursed myself for being so cruel... Hoping to move on, I attempted to go back to the conversation.

"So... you think I should braid my hair from now on?" I asked.

"Well, if you just want to keep your hair back, you can always go for a bun or ponytail too, I'd just avoid pigtails if I were you..."

I giggled at that. Even I understood that much about hair. 

"I know, silly, I was just wondering whether you thought I should go for braids over the others..."

"They definitely look cute on you," he answered, "And they generally do look a lot harder than they are. I think I'll leave you to make the day-to-day decisions on that front though."

"Perhaps, but I may still want the occasional advice of my own little hairdresser." I stated teasingly

"We'll see about that one, but perhaps you might want to think about payment. How about having lunch with me, does that sound appropriate?"

I nodded at that, and we soon found ourselves trying our best to concentrate on the next lecture, which had now started. It was hard, as we seemed to be getting along almost too well, and couldn't stop ourselves from making jokes and teasing comments throughout the hour, repeatedly disrupting each others trails of thought. I was relieved when the lecture ended and we got up for lunch.

I quickly finished packing my handbag as Thomas started making his way down the stairs of the lecture, and sprang after him as soon as I managed to close it. I almost felt like skipping as I bounded down the stairs to him for lunch, and quickly caught up. It was only once we were on our way to the canteen that I remembered back to this exact time last week, when we had gone for lunch together along with Thomas's friends. Where were they?

When I asked Thomas, he just shook his head in an exasperated manner.

"They're good guys, but sometimes they can be a bit much... I thought you might prefer it if we took a break from them."

I certainly cannot say I minded it, but I did notice just how different it felt to be alone with him, creating a sense of closeness and intimacy, which I wasn't used to. I felt reassured however by our casual chat, as we made our way into the canteen, and Thomas courteously allowed me to go ahead of him in the queue. The food was average, but the talk was good, and we soon found ourselves sitting on our own on a small table in the corner of the room, engrossed in conversation.

The strange thing however is that I have almost utterly forgotten what we talked about. Indeed, we seemed to simply skip from one utterly mundane subject to another, without ever talking about anything more serious than work. We could have been chatting about the weather for all I know, but it was a nice time, as so I cannot say I minded it.

I did notice however, from the corner of my eye, a table a little further on where Thomas's friends were having lunch, and I had the distinct impression that they were taking turns to glance at us discreetly. I ignored them though, and did not feel particularly self-conscious until Henry walked over. It seemed like he had been sitting a little way away and had been observing us, despite the fact that I had been utterly oblivious to him.

He was smiling, but I quickly felt a little unnerved as I realized just how naturally girlishly I had been acting under his supervision. It may have all been part of me following his advice, but it still felt a little like I had been caught doing something very private or shameful. I forced myself to smile back, despite feeling warmth spread in my cheeks.

"Hey Elise!" He called out, "How's it going?"

"Fine thanks," I answered, "Do you know Thomas here? He's studying the same subjects as me."

Thomas smiled uncomfortably at my housemate, and I watched him as his grin slowly faltered under Henry's gaze. 

"Good to meet you." Stated Henry, before nodding at me and sidling off.

"Who was that guy?" asked Thomas the moment Henry was out of hearing range.

"Just my housemate..." I answered, trying no to show how uncomfortable that encounter had made me, however short it may have been.

"He seems rather rough."

I nodded at that.

"He's a really nice guy though," I added, "And he's been helping me out with some things lately."

I suddenly heard my phone buzz inside my bag and went rummaging for it, wishing my pockets were big enough to contain it. As I got it, I glanced at the display to find a text from Henry.
