 I closed my lips around his right nipple and sucked.

He brought his hand up to the back of my head and said, "Bite..." in a tone that was almost an octave lower than his normal voice.

I used my teeth and bite gently at first, rolling his nipple between my teeth and flicking my tongue across it as well. Whoever said woman can multi-task was correct that's for sure. One of his hands decided to dig its fingers into my butt, kneading the muscles as I moved my other hand to twist the left nipple so it didn't feel neglected. His other hand oh so slowly moved up my back with feather-like gentleness into my hair where he started to pull and twist my locks as he felt to his leisure. 

As I switched to the other nipple, I felt his skin come alive with goose bumps and he growled in disappointment before I could latch on to nip his other nipple. I ran my hands down his glorious backside and dug my fingers into his sculpted butt. I felt his member twitch and press heavily against my stomach. I brought my hand up and curled my fingers around his long, hard shaft and stroked gently but before I could go any further, he flipped me up and onto the bed. 

"Eeek," I squealed in surprise making my face turning red. 

"You are mine lover," he whispered into my ear. The way he said 'lover' was like a caress, like he was calling me by a name no other man had ever used before or ever would after.

His fangs were completely extended, as a matter of fact so were my own. It strange to think that I never imagined I would get used to them to the point where I didn't know they were there. I stretched up to run my tongue over his fangs; he seemed to like that because a growl from deep in in chest came forth. It made me shiver with desire. He kissed me then gently at first running his hands up and down my sides feeling my soft flesh. Then he took his tongue and started running in over my lips awaiting entrance into my mouth and by doing so getting a moan of anticipation from my lips; just the thought of knowing what he could do with that very skillful tongue of his. He parted my lips and licked my own fangs lightly, playfully before deciding to stroke my tongue. I had never really been kissed before not with such passion and possession anyway. As our tongues danced around each other, I ran my hands up and down his back kneading the tense muscles that I knew desired my touch. He relaxed into my body and then decided to pull his mouth away just to tease me.

"Watch me beloved."

His eyes radiated a soft blue like they did when he fed; oh how I loved those eyes. He began kissing his way down my body and stopping to suck on my now throbbing nipples. I desired his touch so much and denied it for so long I didn't know how much more I could take. He flicked his tongue back and forth and sucked, nipping at my aroused flesh.

He looked up and smirked, "Two can play this game little one."

I laughed lightly and before I knew what he was going to do I felt his fangs against my breast. I got wetter every time he would bite on them. Before I knew it he latched onto it with extended fangs, and bite, drawing blood and earning a sharp gasp and a surprised moan from me. My head feel back in ecstasy as he sucked powerfully. It was a strange sensation, painful and exciting. My sex jerked up wanting him to grind against it. He lapped at my breast, cleaning away the blood from my body and pinching my other nipple so it wasn't neglected. 

"You taste so good," he moaned against my chest. 

"You have had countless of women falling at your feet, how am I so different." My breathing grew rapid as I longed for him to touch me down below.

"None of them have never been mine and mine alone. Your magic, your blood, your body all sing to me; calling me to you, my mate, my Queen."

I blushed then because I could feel the intense emotions coming from him and realized no one had ever spoken to me with such passion in their voice. Before I could respond, he kissed his way down to my aching sex. He breathed in deeply the scent of my arousal. I thought to myself, he sure liked to do that. I gasped at the first touch, jerking my hips forward him. He took one finger slowly and started rubbing my clit in circles then trailing his hand down, he inserted his middle finger into me and his mouth ravenously feel upon my clit, flicking and sucking with that masterful tongue of his. I moaned loudly; he moved his finger slow and deliberate and then switching to fast and hard, the different paces made my head swirl with pleasure.

"Mmm Alex, ahhh please don't stop." My body felt like it was on fire, a fire needing to be quenched by his touch. As I got wetter and much louder with my moans, he inserted another finger into me moving and hitting my g-spot just right over and over again. 

"Cum for me," he growled deeply leaving my aching clit for just a moment to speak. My nipples hardened into tight points, my breathing became hectic and I thrust my hips against him trying to match his pace. My orgasm was fast approaching. I felt the air charge up with my magic as my orgasm finally hit full force.

"Alexander!" I nearly screamed.

I was floating on the most powerful wave of pleasure I'd felt in a long time. He lapped up my juices and came up to kiss me. I could taste myself on him. He pulled away after a while and nuzzled my neck tenderly, nipping at it playfully. 

"Did you enjoy that my lover." I sighed contently and lovingly nodded my head. My whole body felt like jelly from the intense orgasm.

He looked up mischievously and asked, "So what shall we do now?"