 The leaves whispered as the night air swept through the trees, the sound of moving water in the stream a distant song. The night was cold with a thick darkness only softened by the crackling fire. Aren watched as Salena cut off another chunk of meat from the skinned boar, she smiled to him as he stared. He knew his hunger was reflected in his eyes; he regretted more and more having to be the last to eat. She made three slashes along the meat then pierced it with the pointed stick and held it over the fire; he looked on with eagerness wishing he could speed up time as his stomach rumble again. 

"They're close," said Garek who sat along side him. Aren turned his thoughts away from his burning hunger for a moment and listened to sounds of the forest. The footsteps were getting closer to their makeshift camp, it was almost time. 

"Yes they are, if only they could wait until I eat," he said. Garek lightly chuckled at the statement as he grabbed a stone on the ground. He felt its weight for a moment and then engulfed it completely in his right hand.

"I hope your hunger hasn't stolen your focus Aren," said Garek.

"Don't worry am focused," he said. 

The four approaching humans were firmly in his thoughts. They were most likely bandits; their footsteps were quite, they made their way through the forest with very little sound. But it was enough for Aren and Garek to hear, Salena held her cutting knife next to her thigh as she roasted the meat. Garek glanced to Aren as the human footsteps stopped just behind them, he nodded in reply. The sound of unsheathing blades rang out.

"Good evening," said a voice from the darkness. 

Aren and Garek stood; Salena remained sitting on the rock, her head turned to her right, her blade hidden from view. Aren turned to his left as the first man stepped of the darkness and came into the light of the campfire; he stood a few feet away. He wore a black hooded cloak with the hood down; he had a thick brown beard and equally thick brown hair. His two-handed sword held in his right hand and pointed at Aren. Aren turned to his right and saw two bandits approaching Garek, his imposing seven foot frame demanding extra attention. The last bandit was walking to Salena who remained on the rock.

"I hope you pardon our intrusion but we thought we could join you for dinner," said the bearded man, Aren turned to him seeing a smile and smug look on his face. He must have been the leader. 

"Stannis," one of the bandits called out, Aren didn't turn to see which one. The fear in the voice told him everything. The leader it seemed was not very observant; his men had noticed what he had missed.

"What?" said the bearded man in an irritated tone keeping his eyes on Aren.

"They are-," 

A loud scream followed a crunching sound before the sentence could be completed, Garek made his move. The bandit leader's eyes glanced to his men in an action more instinct than anything. Aren took the opening and charged towards him; quickly looking back the leader took hold of his sword with two hands and swiftly swung it aiming for Aren's neck. As the blade came around Aren easily ducked underneath it and kicked the man in the legs sending him crashing to the ground. Aren raised his right foot high and stumped down on the leader's right hand which remained holding the sword as he lay on the ground. The bandit leader cried out in pain as the foot smashed into his hand, it was Aren's intention to break a few bones.

He lifted his foot and kicked the bandit leader hard in the side. With a heavy grunt the leader rolled away in pain leaving the sword on the ground, Aren picked it up taking a moment to see how the others were fairing. Salena was pulling her knife out one bandit's skull; of the two that faced Garek one was down on the ground with a hole where his left eye should be. The other was taking his last breaths as Garek foot pressed on down his throat. Aren turned to the grunting sounds in front of him. The bandit leader stood holding his side shooting a vicious glare at them, then his eyes widened. Seeing what he had not before.

"You're Emareks," he said through gritted teeth. 

Aren imagined he was wishing he had the blue markings on their exposed arms early. His eyes filled with a sudden anger, with his left hand he pulled a dagger from his waist and held it out. This human was strange; here he stood facing an Emarek with a dagger and broken ribs. Aren had expected him to at least try and run.

"You demons are just as they say," said the leader with a pained chuckle.

"It seems the gods wanted us tonight," he said pointing his little blade at Aren's head.

"But I will not die alone," the words rang out bitterly, defiantly. 

Salena's soft, mocking laughter then pierced the air, Aren could only smile. Urged on by the obvious taunts the bandit begun to run awkwardly towards Aren; it was a ridiculous thing to do. A dagger against a long sword, valiant foolish. When the human came within range of the sword Aren viciously swung at hand that held the dagger. The blade easily cut through the flesh and bone of the wrist severing it. Before the bandit could scream that disgusting scream of his again, Aren swung his foot high and fast kicking him in the side of the head. The bandit went crashing down to the ground once more, muffled whimpers emanating from his throat as his blood poured and stained the ground. But the persistent human would not just lie down; he awkwardly crawled to his knees. Aren pointed his blade at the man's throat halting his raise.

It was a little too easy. Aren had been expected something more than this; they may not have been trained soldiers but at least they're skills should have been greater. These men must have been scavengers, only preying on the weak and unarmed. The swordsmanship was no better than a child playing with a stick. The leader's first attack may have been fast but it was so obvious, and left too many weak points exposed. He had no business carrying a sword. 

"Aren would you stop playing and just kill him already," said Salena. 

"Am getting to it," said Aren as he raised his new sword preparing to cut off the bandit's head. The leader's eyes were pained; he was now silent and still defiant even with the tears that fell down his cheeks. Aren felt a hand wrap around his wrist before he could swing; he turned to his right and saw Garek.

"Use your hands Aren, or do you want to get blood all over your new cloak?"

"No, pardon me but logical thought while hungry is difficult," he said stabbing the sword into the ground. He took hold of the bandits head and swiftly snapped his neck. Sometimes he wondered if it should trouble him, killing came so easily to him. It came easily to all of them, even though they had no memory of ever being trained. But then again they didn't have any memories before Sarom. 

Each bandit wore a black hooded cloak, leather jerkin, dark trousers and leather boots. They would be a welcomed relief from the rags they had been wearing since their escape. Unfortunately the leather boots were too small for Aren and for Garek, and so were the trousers. But they were just right for Salena, lucky her. The weapons were also a welcomed addition, the swords though not masterpieces were certainly effective. Aren tore a piece of the sleeve of his shirt and used it to wipe the blade clean. He took off the bandit leader's belt which held the sword's scabbard; he sheathed the sword and begun to relieve the dead bandit of his cloak and jerkin. An unpleasant task but necessary all the same, looking into the dead eyes Aren wondered if he should feel a single drop of sympathy for these dead humans. But he had none, in the end these humans received the only form of justice that exists in this world. He took off his shirt and put on the leather jerkin, it was tight fit once buttoned up on account of the size difference. It would be more comfortable when left open. 

The shining blade in the severed hand caught Aren's eye as he adjusted the jerkin. He walked over to it picking up the hand and removing the dagger from it grasp, he tossed the hand on top of the bandit. As he held it to the light he saw that the little weapon was quite beautiful. Its blade straight and golden with a lion's head carved into it just above the cross guard. The handle had three red stones along it; Aren wondered what poor soul died to gift the bandit with such a treasure. 

"Catch," Aren heard Salena say. 

He turned his head to her direction and saw a piece of roasted meat flying towards his face. He caught it with his left hand; glaring at Salena, who playfully smiled, before biting into the meat. It was a thick and juicy piece; he took a second bite before swallowing the first. Satisfaction rippling through him as he sank his teeth into the flesh. He slowed his pace after consuming more than half of it in a few bites, the initial fire of his hunger cooled. He sat down and took his time with rest wishing to enjoy it. After finishing he licked his fingers clean.

"Not bad Salena, although it took forever," he said.

"Glad you liked it," she replied.

"Let's clear the campsite," said Garek as he picked the two bandits he had killed and put one on each shoulder. Aren picked up the dead leader and followed Garek as they left the camp. After walking for a few minutes through the thick forest they found a small ditch, it would have to do as the bandits' grave. Garek tossed the two bodies in it. Aren then throw in the bandit leader, not much dignity was awarded to them. Half naked laying on top of each other, at least they would provide some scavenger with a good meal. They made their way back to the camp and found Salena roasting the last of the boar. The bandit she had killed still lay beside her.

"Salena we found a ditch to dump the bodies in, when you're done take the body that way" said Aren pointing in the direction of the bandit's grave. She turned and looked to the dead human beside her.

"Oh that I thought you were going to throw that away for me," she answered.

"What?" 

"You didn't thinking my cooking services came free did you?" she said with a grin.

"You have to be joking," He did not feel like dragging another corpse to that ditch.

"No," she replied. 

"I have to pay for you holding a piece of meat over a fire? Come on, you killed him you carry him right Garek?" he said. Garek looked to him with a small smile that said everything. Of course he would take her side, typical. Having to eat last and now carrying an extra dead human, Aren was really starting to hate this night. With a loud grunt Aren stood up and walked to the body.

"Thanks a lot Garek," he said as he walked by him. He grabbed the dead bandit's foot.

"By the way the meat was under cooked," he said to Salena.

"And still you ate it like a pig," she answered still wearing that grin. He smiled back sarcastically as he started dragging the body along the ground. He cursed as he made his way through the bushes and trees. After what seemed longer than the first trip he found the now full ditch, he dumped the body on top of the rest. He started making his way back waiting to lie down and sleep, after having some more meat. When he got back to the camp it was clear Garek and Salena had just ended a conversation. Salena looked up at him a little wearily. 

"What is it?" he asked to both of them.

"I think it's time we started heading south," answered Garek. Aren was a little confused.

"South? Where exactly?"

Garek took a moment before replying.

"To Reverlong," he said.

A shock burst through Aren like wildfire. He looked at their faces, hoping to see them burst into laughter at the joke just uttered, but there was no laughter. Only silence was heard; he was serious, he was actually serious.

"Garek, why in the world should we ever go back THERE?" said Aren feeling a flicker of anger.

"After a century of fighting and bleeding in that hell you really want us to go back?" 

Garek stood up and faced him, his expression almost emotionless.

"Yes, I want us to go back,"

"WHY?" screamed Aren unable to contain his emotions.

"What madness has come over you Garek? And you Salena you agree with him?"

"DO YOU?"

"Yes I do. Listen to him Aren,"

"Listen to what Salena?" he said loudly.

"Aren, Reverlong is the only place we can ever make a home. We are Emareks after all," said Garek.

"A home in Reverlong? YOU HAVE LOST YOUR MIND GAREK,"

"And you refuse to open you eyes Aren," replied Garek, his calm demeanor fading. 

"Do you desire the life of a wanderer? Roaming from place to place chasing animals to eat and killing to protect such shallow existence?" said Garek.

"Is that what freedom means to you?" asked Garek.

"Freedom means not being a slave. Not being awoken by wipes tearing into the flesh, or being fed rotting garbage to survive, that's all Reverlong ever gave to us. That's all Sarom ever gave to us," said Aren

"Sarom is dead Aren, he is DEAD. And the Emareks of Reverlong want freedom from the Ragos, we can help them get it," said Garek.

"And how do we do that Garek?" 

"By using the power that built that empire, by using our power,"

Aren paused for a moment and silence slowly descended upon the camp. Going back Reverlong was one thing, but what Garek was saying was quite another. Salena looked on with worried eyes at the stand off before her, she had already agreed to this and her eyes were asking Aren to agree as well. He took a deep breath trying to calm himself.

"I gave up being a monster when we broke our chains. And you stand here asking me to become that creature again, and for what? The Emareks? We not part of their world Garek, our lives began when we woke up in the field, branded by Sarom. We helped conquer them and now you want us to help liberate them," said Aren, his voice calmer and deprived of a dominate emotion.

"Monstrosity exists only the heart Aren, we are not monsters," said Salena.

"Garek is right, with Sarom dead Reverlong is in disarray. The Ragos cannot hold it together by themselves for long. With our help the Emareks can take back Reverlong and we can have a home. We'll always be hunted anyway else we go," she said.

"A home?" said Aren.

"Yes, a Home," replied Garek.

"That empire was built on our backs Aren, it is ours to take back," said Garek. 

Aren sighed staring into the night sky for a moment; he then lowered his head, his right had massaging his closed eyes. His early anger had faded; they spoke so confidently of this ridiculous plan. It's something they must have discussed for days by themselves and waited to tell him because they knew he would oppose it. Aren didn't like that, secrecy was always inexistent between them. 

"Let me see if I understand this Garek, we help the Emareks in their quest for freedom from the Ragos and we get what?"

"What we deserve," Garek replied.

"If we succeed you want them to make you their new king, their conquering hero. Isn't that what you really want Garek?" 

"If we succeed it doesn't matter. We can both be kings," said Garek. Aren shook his head at the words that came from Garek's mouth.

"You do this for selfish reasons Garek,"

"No, I do this for all of us,"

"And you need to decide if you are with us Aren, if you're not you're are free to go your own way,"

"What? No, Aren you can't choose to leave. I won't accept it," said Salena.

"It's his choice Salena," said Garek firmly.

"We cannot, we should not force him,"

Aren looked at the faces of the only two beings in the world like him. The only beings in existence that mattered to him. Garek was wrong, it wasn't a choice. He would never leave them, no matter which hell they went to. Through all the years of violence and blood and darkness in Reverlong the only thing they had were each. Their suffering had bound them to together as much as their shared curse, a curse Aren thought he was finally free of. But Garek had never seen it as a curse; he saw it as a gift. And he would use that gift to get what he wanted, power. It was clear in his eyes; he always desired it so much, Aren had thought that finally being free would slay that desire. But it hadn't, it had only fed it. And now here they stood, more together and more divided than ever before.

"Please come with us Aren," said Salena. Her eyes pleading with him, Garek's face once again showing nothing.

"Fine," he answered. Relief washed through her eyes.

The bitterness he felt at what they were about to do wasn't washed away by Salena's smile. But Aren couldn't help but smile back at her. The first step in this quest it seemed was taken.

********

The breath Garek took was the most satisfying breath he had taken since the escape. He was truly afraid Aren would choose to leave; it irritated him to think that Aren didn't see this was the right course of action. Garek wondered if Aren truly wanted to live as a savage for the rest of his years, this was not the life they had fought for. No, the Reverlong Empire was theirs to have; they bled for it for far too long to just walk away. The Ragos were going to pay for every scar on Salena's body. 

"Am going for a walk," said Aren. 

His arms outstretched as he walked into the darkness. Garek knew he would remain unhappy for a while; he always talked about wanting the world outside the walls of Reverlong. Going back mere weeks after leaving was not something he had imagined. In truth it was not something Garek had imagined either. But after tasting this 'freedom' he wanted something that tasted a little sweeter. Having to deal with the bandits also added to his desire for a more meaningful existence. Going back to Reverlong was the only answer, fate had gifted them a power no other living creature possessed. Sarom exploited it to raise the Reverlong Empire to new heights; Aren may have seen it as a burden but that's because it was only ever used at Sarom's command. Now that they had the control, it was the perfect weapon to wield against the Ragos.

Although the task was beyond simple, the obstacles in this road were gigantic. The biggest of which was getting the Emareks to trust and fight by their side. So many Emarek soldiers had died at their hands, the scars of that sorrow were burned into their hearts. Hopefully their desire for freedom would be greater than their hatred. In time Garek was sure he would win their hearts, but to begin with he had to win their trust. He still wondered how best to that, just getting into Reverlong was hard enough.

"Having second thoughts?" her voice swept through his scattered mind.

He turned his head towards her; she was sitting on the rock staring into the flames of the fire. He wondered how long he had been staring into the ground.

"No," he replied.

"Good," said Salena, her eyes never leaving the flames.

When he first told her his plan she went silent. That sight worried him more than anything ever had; he needed her to believe in him. When she broke her silence and told him she would go with him to Reverlong, he felt his conviction triple. And she also helped softened the standoff with Aren, Garek had tried to be calm but Aren just wouldn't listen to reason. It troubled and angered him that Aren couldn't see what he saw. He was supposed to understand. He hated placing that choice at Aren's feet; it pained him to think it was the only way to resolve it. But it was, and thankfully Aren agreed.

As he looked at Salena Garek found himself enjoying the sight more and more. Her dark skin illuminated by the fire, her black braided hair falling down her back. Her face smooth with small cheeks and full lips; her image always stirred something inside him. Her beauty only stained by the tattered rags they all wore, at least the bandits had given them some additional clothing. But if it were up Garek she would dress like a queen everyday, though he imagined she would the hate the reduced mobility and bright colors. He smiled thinking of the sight of her in a flamboyant dress with a glum face. 
