 Augustus' house looked normal enough. It was a small four-room terrace house, with plain white walls and a little sign by the door that read, "The Wilburton's". To the casual passer-by there was nothing out of the ordinary about it at all. Jacob, however, knew better. For in that house lived Augustus Wilburton, and Augustus - unlike his house - was extremely odd. 

The phonecall that had brought Jacob here, for example, was classic Augustus. "Jacob," he had said, without any preamble. "Can you come over? I need your blood." And he had hung up. 

Augustus was always dabbling in something occult, in all the ten or so years Jacob had known him. Now they were both in their twenties, and Augustus showed no signs of giving up his "hobby". Just the other week he had tried to convince Jacob to loan him his cat for some arcane ritual. When Jacob had asked whether Fluffy would be returned to him safely, Augustus had tried to avoid the quesiton. Jacob had refused. Now he wondered whether Augustus had succeeded in getting a cat from somewhere, and what had happened to the poor creature. 

It was a strange friendship, but it was a friendship nonetheless. For all his eccentricities, Augustus seemed harmless enough, and Jacob could always count on something interesting happening with Augustus around. So, despite the slightly ominous thought that Augustus "needed his blood", Jacob walked up to the door and pressed the doorbell. 

Augustus opened the door almost instantly. "Good, you came. Come in."

"What's this about my blood?" Jacob asked, entering the house. 

Augustus made no reply, but beckoned Jacob to follow him into the summoning room. 

The summoning room had previously been the second bedroom of the house. Augustus had converted it upon inheriting the house from his parents, boarding up the window, removing all the furniture and installing several candle-holders on the walls. There was a large pentagram on the floor, drawn in red chalk, riddled with intricate designs. Also on the floor was what looked like a large burn mark - evidence, thought Jacob, of a recent failed summoning... or perhaps just a failure of one of the candle-holders. He tried to avoid comparing the size of the burn mark to an average-sized cat. 

Augustus closed the door behind him, and bolted it shut. 

James was beginning to feel slightly uneasy. "Augustus, what's going on? Why do you need my blood?"

Augustus turned, with a fiery excitement in his eyes. "I'm going to summon a succubus."

"A succubus?"

"It's like a pleasure-demon, that feeds on -"

"Yes, I know what a succubus is, Augustus. But why?"

Augustus raised an eyebrow. "There's only one reason to summon a succubus, Jacob."

Jacob sighed. "Okay. You want to get laid by a sex-demon. Why do you need my blood?"

"Because you're a virgin."

"What? I am not! And besides, you're a virgin too."

Augustus shook his head. 

"Seriously? You? Who would -"

"It's not important. What's important is that I need your blood to summon the succubus."

Jacob folded his arms, feeling slightly peeved. Augustus, of all people, looking down on him! "And what do I get out of it?"

"After I'm done, you get to have a go with her."

"So I get your sloppy seconds? That's supposed to motivate me?"

"Succubi aren't human, Jacob. She'll be clean, and tight... think about it, the best fuck you'll ever have." He spread his arms. "I have the equipment, I have the skills. I can do this for you... I just need your help first."

"Well... I dunno..." Jacob had to admit it sounded very tempting. A gorgeous sex-demon to do his bidding? Who wouldn't be tempted?

"There's no need to be scared. I know it's your first time and all -"

"Look, enough with the first time bullshit!" Jacob rolled up his sleeve. "And I'm not scared. I'll do it."

Augustus smiled. "Excellent! Now stand over here..."

Jacob allowed Augustus to steer him to a corner of the room. He flinched when Augustus produced a knife, but allowed him to make a small cut just above the elbow. Blood welled up and began to drip from the wound; this he collected in a small bowl. Augustus placed the bowl in the centre of the pentagram, and then he began to chant. 

Jacob couldn't make out the words, but it sent a shiver up his spine. There was something darkly resonant about the sound, as though Augustus wasn't the only one chanting - there seemed to be other voices joining in: deep, rough, abyssal voices. The flickering candle flames suddenly took on a crimson hue. Wisps of black smoke appeared in the pentagram, and through the haze Jacob saw something taking shape. It seemed to rise from the bowl, gaining form as it went, until there in the centre of the pentagram stood the most beautiful woman Jacob had ever seen. 

No, not a woman, he corrected himself - a succubus. So this was what they looked like. Now he understood Augustus' excitement. She was tall, with short dark hair framing high cheekbones, straight nose, full lips. Her eyes: piercing, black as midnight. Her naked body was sublime perfection: slender shoulders; large breasts, firm and round; slim waist, pleasantly wide hips; long, long, long legs, ending in dainty feet; a thin, barbed tail visible in the gap between her legs. Partially hidden by those lovely shoulders, Jacob saw the tips of two small, black wings. And her skin, a pale, perfect red. 

There was a long moment in which both Jacob and Augustus simply stood and stared, neither of them aware of anything else, running their eyes along the succubus' enticing figure. 

Then she arched an eyebrow. "Well?" Her voice was a lazy purr that sent shivers through Jacob's loins. 

Augustus started at the sound. "I, uh... tell me your name, demon, that I may bind you."

The succubus looked down at the pentagram that contained her. "My name? Beluriel... you know, you did a decent job with this pentagram. Most of your forms are spot-on, like this one here, and it's a tough one too..."

Jacob found himself listening more to the sound of her words than the words themselves. That easy, sensual cadence was entrancing. He was painfully hard in his trousers, but he continued to watch, unmoving. 

Beluriel knelt down slowly - even that simple movement was somehow thrillingly erotic. "You could make some improvements though. Like this one here... may I?" 

Augustus, captivated and flattered, nodded without thinking, and the succubus erased a large swath of the pentagram with the palm of her hand. 

Jacob, up to this point, had no idea what was happening, and it was only when Augustus began backing away that he realised something was wrong. In mounting fear he watched as the succubus advanced on Augustus, her hips swaying hypnotically, her tail curling lazily in the air. Augustus backed up against the wall and opened his mouth to speak, but Beluriel silenced him with a slim finger against his lips. 

"A simple mistake, my dear. And easily forgiveable - it's your first time, after all. With experience you'll soon learn the first thing to do is get the binding in place. And be wary of blanket permissions, always be certain exactly what you're agreeing to." Then she leaned forward and hissed in his ear. "Too bad you won't get a second chance."

Augustus was shaking. "Please - don't kill me -"

"Oh, my dear, I'm not going to kill you. I'm going to fuck you." She pressed herself against him, one hand reaching up to wrap around the back of his neck, the other drifting down to caress his aching cock. "Don't you want that?"

As Augustus trembled, the succubus unzipped his jeans and smoothly freed his engorged prick, wrapping her fingers around it. She continued to stare directly at him as she jacked him with slow, rhythmic strokes. "You knew, didn't you? You knew this was going to happen. And yet you still summoned me, because deep down, this is exactly what you want. You want to spurt your essence deep inside me." Her voice lowered to a seductive whisper. "You want to give me your soul."

She sped up her strokes, her hand flying up and down his shaft, taking him right to the very brink of climax - and then she stepped back, leaving him breathless and gasping. She spread her arms in wanton invitation, exposing her nubile body to his frenzied gaze. "What are you waiting for?"

With a crazed growl, Augustus launched himself at the gorgeous demon. She sidestepped neatly and threw him to the ground. In a single smooth motion, she impaled herself on him. He cried out at the sudden sensation, the wet folds of her pussy wrapping around him like a glove, her ebon eyes burning into his. He lay there helpless as she rode him, hands clenched tightly, impotently at his sides. Her breasts bounced gently, hypnotically as she slid up and down his throbbing cock, each stroke with her silken folds sending fiery streaks of pleasure up his spine. His fevered mind felt split in two: half of it trembling from the pleasure, half of it trembling from the fear of what was to come. 

And come he did, finally, inevitably, in a roaring spasm as he spurted his essense inside her. She hissed in approval as contortions wracked his body, her eyes never once leaving his, savouring his fear and submission. His movements slowed, stopped, and for a moment there was silence. 

Then the succubus looked up, her gaze falling on Jacob. In all this time he had not moved a muscle; now, as she rose sinuously to her feet and approached him, he finally awoke to his predicament. 

"Now, wait a minute," he said. "You don't have to kill me."

Beluriel continued her approach. "Don't I?"

"You can just leave, you got what you came for." Jacob felt his back press up against the wall. The succubus stopped just inches away from him, her gaze richly seductive, her plump lips curled upwards in a smile. 

"Are you sure you want me to leave?"

"I, er, well..." Jacob could barely think. The sex-demon's presence was intoxicating, he couldn't stop his eyes from wandering over the lush curves of her breasts, the slender splendour of her legs and hips. 

"Besides," she continued, taking another step forward. "I can't leave yet. It was your blood that summoned me. My presence here is bound to you." She rested her chin on his shoulder, her breath hot in his ear. "It'll be fun, I promise."

Jacob shook his head desperately, trying to think. Over the succubus' shoulder he saw the lifeless body of Augustus Wilburton. There must be a way out, he had to find it, before he lost himself... her presence, bound to him... her presence...

"Wait! Wh-why don't you... take me with you? You know, as a... as a snack for later?"

The succubus drew back, her dark eyes regarding him with surprise. "No one's ever suggested that before," she said. 

Jacob felt some measure of confidence returning. He didn't know what he was getting into, but it was surely better than the alternative. "You said your presence here is bound to me, but if you want to leave you don't have to kill me. You can just take me with you. Then if you're, uh, hungry later you can just... you know. You get your snack, I get to live a while longer, everybody wins, right?"

Beluriel seemed to consider this. "An interesting proposal. I don't see why it wouldn't work. And it might set a very... useful precedent." She nodded. "All right then. I don't know what this will be like for you. It might be a good idea for you to close your eyes." 

***

When Jacob opened his eyes he found himself in a large, stone-walled chamber. There was a bed in the centre of it, a closet, a desk - it looked remarkably like a normal bedroom. The room had a single window set into the far wall. Jacob walked over and peered out. 

The landscape was dominated by red. The sky was a deep red, riddled with fingers of a lighter hue that seethed and writhed in tortured, grasping patterns. The barren ground was a burnt reddish-brown, flat, a featureless plain stretching to the horizon. Jacob expected some sort of sound, but there was nothing. No shouts, no screams, no howls; no thunder, no wind - nothing. Only that awful crimson silence. 

Beluriel came up behind him, and he turned. "Welcome to the castle of my master, the demon-lord Mbrogia. I'll show you around a bit, if you like." She smiled. "Snack boy."

Jacob shuddered. It wasn't a pleasant smile. Still, for the moment at least, he was alive.