 A slow built story about a character's transformation. Sexual content may be present in some chapters, but is not the main focus.

This is my first attempt at writing erotic literature, so feedback is always welcome!

Once again, don't hesitate to look up 'Ranma 1/2' (japanese anime) and 'The Blue Necklace' (Literotica story), my two main inspirations for this story.

I'm really sorry for taking so long on this one, I was held up during Christmas and most of January, and the long pause made finding inspiration rather hard. I'm still aiming to go for longish chapters, but hopefully the next one will be ready in nowhere as long. Please enjoy!

On a side note, I am currently making notes for a potential other story (different theme, same universe) concerning one of the characters in this one. I'm not guaranteeing anything however, but just don't assume that all the characters from this story are what they appear to be.

*****

October 23, 2014

I woke up feeling great that morning, and I seemed to be full of energy despite the early morning as I put on my little shorts, one of my big male t-shirts and donned my dressing gown. I then sped to the kitchen, my mind racing about the previous night. It felt so strange, and yet so natural, to have gone out with a guy, been kissed by him and, it seems, enjoyed it. I shook my head as I bustled around, trying to clear my head of all my confusing, clashing thoughts.

Henry soon walked in and I bounced over to him as soon as I saw him and, without thinking, planted a kiss on his cheek. He stepped back looking startled, and I restrained myself forcibly, blushing.

"Thanks for the choice of dress last night Henry, it was great! I really appreciated you help. Last night was just so..." My jabbering stopped as I tried to find the right words.

"Don't mention it." Henry answered, sounding somewhat stern.

I examined his face and saw a strange mixture of disgruntlement and pride as he lightly touched his cheek where I had just kissed him. He went to lean against the fridge as I stared at him feeling puzzled.

"What's wrong?" I asked him carefully, feeling my new, carefree buzz slowly fade away.

"Nothing," He lied, shaking his head, "It's just that... I wonder whether you're taking things as a girl a little too fast."

"What!" I exclaimed, "After everything you've said and tried to make me do, you're suddenly telling me that I'm going too fast?" 

"I'm sorry!" He said, "It's just that acting like a girl is one thing, it's useful camouflage... It's to help you survive. But going out with someone is a whole other ballgame! You cannot just jump in like that; you actually need to get prepared. What if you get too emotionally attached and then get rejected? What if your "Erik side" finds it impossible to deal with what is going on? What do other people think of your relationship? There is a reason why girls like to be choosy, and act hard to get. Especially those that look like you..."

I was shaking my head vigorously, feeling more and more angry. Part of my anger was due to the fact that I had the strong feeling that he was in fact saying these things more out of personal interest and spite than out of his care for me... But the worst of it was that I knew he wasn't entirely wrong. Indeed, whatever my relationship with Thomas, I knew that it had the power to destroy me if it went wrong, especially in my already emotionally unstable situation.

Unable to deal with these thoughts, I stormed out of the kitchen, leaving my bowl and cereal box behind me. I was only about halfway through the sitting room however when I both felt and heard a snap in my left ankle, followed by a shot of pain as I crumpled to the floor. Henry soon came running over to see me lying there with tears in my eyes, feeling my ankle throb agonizingly.

"What happened?" He asked.

"I... I frigging twisted it!" I answered, pointing at my ankle. " For God's sake... I cannot believe that I spent last night on heels without a hitch and yet now..." I tailed away, laughing at the excruciating irony of the situation.

Henry simply picked me up by my arms, slung one over his broad shoulders, and half helped me half carried me back to my room. I dropped onto my bed, feeling a twinge of pain as I leant back, breathing heavily with my eyes closed. I suddenly felt warm water slosh across my face and opened my eyes to see Henry holding a now empty cup as I felt myself expand.

"Why did you do that?" I asked him, almost shouting in my gruff voice.

"I... I was wondering whether you'd be able to cope better with an injury whilst in your normal body... Or if the twist would perhaps become less important as you get bigger." He answered, looking down at me uncertainly.

I frowned at him, unsure what to think of his idea, until I suddenly realized that I could hardly feel any pain anymore. I looked down at my ankle, which didn't seem to be swollen or different in any other way than it's hairiness and male size. I shook my head impatiently.

"If only I had been like this when it happened..." I told myself aloud, "This would never have been so bad were I not walking on such twiggy legs."

It didn't seem to matter too much however, as the pain almost utterly vanished during the next five minutes, and I soon found myself cautiously testing how much weight I could put on it. This made it twinge a few times, but once again the pain faded as if it were being sucked out of my ankle, and I soon found that I could stand up, albeit a little gingerly.

"Well there you are then," said Henry, "It can't have been all that bad after all. I'd suggest you remain Erik for today though just in case, as I don't think it will rain today." 

I shrugged non-committedly and told him we should get ready to leave or we'll be late for our first lecture. He nodded and went to fetch me some male clothing for me to change into for the day, before going to his room to get ready. I got changed out of the ridiculously small shorts and t-shirt I was wearing and into some relatively safe jeans and shirt, before checking my ankle again. It seemed completely healed and painless; despite my strong impression that I had felt a tendon snap when I'd twisted it earlier.

Henry and I were running late for lectures at that point, and we quickly made our way to the bus stop to get to campus. It was a crowded but funny ride, as I suddenly realized how much I had missed being able to look over people's heads to see out of the window. Being tall definitely had some perks, which I was only just starting to appreciate.

I soon found myself back in lectures, feeling bored to death by the ongoing drone of the lecturer about partial differential equations... Or was it perhaps about integrations of vector fields in non-Cartesian coordinates? I cannot really care enough to remember to be fair. Either way, I spent that time sitting alone, wishing I had just stayed home and decided to skip these lectures. That wish was soon replaced by a wish for a sandwich as my lack of breakfast soon caught up with me and I felt my energy ebb under the pressure of hunger.

I ended up nearly running out of my last morning lecture and decided to avoid the already extensive queue in the cafeteria by buying a sandwich in the small shop on campus. There was still a queue, but it moved a lot faster, and I soon found myself settling down on a bench outside as I crammed sandwich after sandwich down my gullet.

"Hey there!" A clear female voice greeted me from right behind me. 

I started and nearly choked myself to death as I looked around to find Isabelle shyly looking down at me. I tried to maintain my composure as I swallowed a whole three quarters of my sandwich with great difficulty, whilst greeting her with a vague hand wave.

"Are you alright?" She asked worriedly.

I nodded, ignoring the brick of sandwich squeezing it's way into my digestive system, and smiled embarrassedly.

"Do... Do you mind if I sit down? All the other benches are taken."

I shook my head, feeling the sandwich finally reach my stomach. Isabelle walked hesitantly around and sat next to me on the bench, before taking a small box out of her handbag and opening it.

"Sushi?" I asked her, looking at the food that she was now eating with her hands.

"Mmhmm!" She answered enthusiastically.

"Darn it!" I said, acting annoyed, "I wish I knew where to get that! I haven't had sushi in ages..."

"Didn't you know?" She asked me, "It's on sale in the shop on Campus."

"How did I miss that...?" I said, shaking my head in mock desperation.

"Want some of mine?"

I soon found myself chatting with Isabelle in earnest, as she shared some of her sushi with me (I would have eaten anything to go with my sandwiches at that point). We seemed to get along really well, and we soon found ourselves going together to our next lectures in physics. The lectures were long and tedious of course, but we kept ourselves occupied as we conversed silently by exchanging notes.

It felt rather childish really, but there was something very liberating about making silly asides and jokes about the lecturer and his mannerisms, and we spent a lot of time stifling our laughter as we exchanged glances. I noticed how remarkably fresh Isabelle felt, with an open mind, a free spirit, and an obviously big heart. I felt rather sad about the fact that I would only occasionally be able to see her due to my "situation", as I knew that it would just be too weird to chat with her under the guise of alternating identities.

We went to the second lecture together as well, although we behaved ourselves better at that point, only exchanging the occasional glance and wink. It felt strange just how well we seemed to connect, to understand each other... When the lecture ended, we left together and started to chat about the lecture, and then physics in general, as we walked towards the bus stop. I was planning on turning around at the last second to attend my statistics lecture, but I eventually decided to omit the fact that I had yet another lecture to go to and got onto the bus with Isabelle.

We chatted all along the bus ride home, and started exchanging backstories. It felt easy for me, as I could be honest about pretty much everything as long as I skipped the events of the last month or so. However, Isabelle turned out to have had a very interesting life, as she had travelled a lot before coming to university. Indeed, she told me that she was originally Russian, although she had been brought up in Italy, Switzerland and France, and had learnt many languages along the way. It sounded extraordinary, as she did not possess any trace of an accent.

She told me of a friend of hers in Paris who used to come and visit regularly during her last few years there. She seemed rather dreamy eyed as she described the man, a certain "Roche-Foucault", who had supposedly supported her through hard times. I happen to know that it is a popular name in Paris, so I doubt I will ever meet him without being introduced. I let her reminisce for a while, before going back to the conversation at hand.

All in all, I would guess that she probably comes from a very well off family, although I would never dare ask her about her families' financial situation. Still, it did feel like she came from another world, another way of life, which would doubtless be utterly alien to me. Despite that, she remained relatable and remarkably adaptable, and I appreciated how far she must have come to be the girl that was now walking alongside me. I couldn't remember getting off of the bus, but we must have at some point, as we were now walking up the hill towards my house.

We finally stopped talking and walking as we reached my destination, and I turned to her, wondering if she lived far.

"I'm actually only a couple of blocks that way," She told me, having read my mind, as she pointed up the hill, "You should come and visit one of these days."

I told her I'd like that, before bidding her farewell, and returning home. Henry greeted me in the entrance, a cheeky grin plastered on his face. 

"What?" I asked him.

"Nothing..." He said, the grin still on his face, "I was just surprised to see that Erik and Elise are both playing the field."

"Shut up!" I told him, feeling myself redden a little at the idea. "Aren't you supposed to still have lectures at this time anyway?"

"Aren't you?" He answered. "Anyway, I don't see what you have to be so ashamed of! That one's definitely a looker."

"Well, yes... I guess she doesn't look all that bad." I conceded.

"I'd bone her..."

"Shut up!"

"Oh come on! I'm trying to say that I'm proud of you! You're switching gender every other day, and you're still enough of a lad to pick girls like that up from lectures. Or at least that is what it looked like from here."

"Yea, right." I said sarcastically.

"She definitely seemed into you. That's all I'm saying..."

I shrugged, walked over to the sitting room and installed myself on the smaller couch in front of the television. Henry collapsed on the other one and offered me a beer. I took it, and we spent the next twenty minutes or so watching Family Guy and exchanging comments and banter.

"You know what," announced Henry as the credits appeared, "I do enjoy having Erik back every now and then. I miss the banter..."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well... It's not the same when you're Elise. You're different, and so am I. For instance, I don't feel comfortable with this sort of crap and you don't react the same... Don't get me wrong, I do enjoy having a hot bird at my side like that, but it doesn't change the fact that I still miss you every now and then."

"I'm still me!" I stated, "It's not because you're always checking me out or something that..." I hesitated, feeling myself go hot behind the ears. Henry also seems to be going a little red, but I force myself to finish the sentence, hoping it would make it sound less weird. "That... That we can't still have some bants."

There was an awkward silence for a moment, as advertisements started showing one after the other on the TV. 

"I don't know, Erik... We can always try, but it's not the same."

I sighed, and nodded in agreement. I suddenly felt very tired.

"You know," I said, "The worst part isn't changing in itself... It's the fear that so many things could go wrong so easily. I can turn with only a few drops, so what if it rains unexpectedly, or someone flicks water at me in public? What if Beth hears us from upstairs? What then?"

"I don't know... there isn't all that much we can do, but hope... That and minimize risks of course. You'll just need to be careful."

I nodded. 

"I might as well spend more time as Elise then. It's safer. And I can always keep a bottle of water on me, just in case I change accidentally."

"I'm with you on that one."

"Which one?"

"Both I guess."

"And as for Beth... Should we tell her about this? I mean, it feels like she will probably be finding out at some point."

"I don't know," answered Henry pensively, "I guess we could give it a little longer for now. We've managed so far..."

I grunted in agreement. The thought didn't seem very tempting at all to be honest. I decided to watch another episode of Family Guy before going to my room to work (I've built up such a load of work to do lately!). 

The next episode flew by, and I soon found myself getting up and going to sit at my desk, dragging my feet along the way. I knew I had to work, but my heart wasn't into it, and it felt horribly tedious as I stared at my notes, trying to force myself to concentrate. I eventually gave up and leaned back in my chair with my eyes closed, thinking about what Henry had said about Isabelle.

Is she truly into me? Or was she just being friendly? It was hard to say, but I was pretty sure that if she wanted to go out, I would probably say yes. Indeed, she is hot, and more importantly, it feels like we connected. Or at least as much as we could, considering that she doesn't know I'm an "Elise" half of the time... 

I suddenly felt the urge to change, so I went to my washbasin and immersed my forehead underneath the jet of water. I knew that I only needed to wet my hands, but it somehow felt better to just stick my face under instead, as if it made me reborn in some ways, with the spray of water washing away one person and leaving another in its place. It felt rather similar to baptism in some ways... I chuckled at that thought, and heard a slightly high-pitched giggle leave my mouth. I was indeed Elise.

I quickly wiped my face dry with my hand towel and stood straight. I was definitely smaller, and I looked down at my small hands and long slender fingers, which had replaced my strong, masculine ones. For some reason, the thought came to me that if I learnt to play the piano, I'd do better as a male thanks to the wider hand span.

I sat down on my bed, feeling tiny in my oversized clothes. Might as well change clothing as well... I found my shorts and top, putting them only to feel unkempt at their filthiness. Darn Henry, he should have let me have all my female garments. I got up and went to my bedroom door, peaking out to see if Beth was in the area. Unable to sense her, I exited my room cautiously.

I found Henry still sitting in the living room, watching some crime series on the television. I cleared my throat discreetly, noticing that even that was done at a higher pitch. Henry started and looked around at me. I could have sworn that his eyes quickly roamed up and down my body before he looked me in the eyes.

"Elise, then, I guess." He observed.

"Yes, well," I said, blushing slightly, " I'm going to need some more clothes. These ones are getting dirty."

"Oh. Yea. Right... I'll go fetch some."

Henry got up and brushed past me as he went to the entrance hall and up the stairs. I sat down on the other sofa, waiting. It dawned on me that I didn't actually need clothes at this point, seeing as that I had clean underwear and that I didn't need to dress up to go to bed. I decided to keep that point to myself though, and waited patiently for Henry to return.

He came back with a bundle of clothes, including shorts, tops of all colors and shapes, and a few skirts. Nothing to completely cover my legs up with I noticed, but I decided to overlook that as I thanked him for the bundle. At least he wasn't giving me clothes on a day-by-day basis anymore.

"Want to go and change then?" Henry asked.

I hesitated for an instant, before nodding. Might as well be sociable if I'm not going to work. I was soon back in the living room, curled up on the sofa next to Henry and wearing a new pair of shorts and a green top. It felt comfy, but I quickly felt bored as I saw the crime series that Henry had been watching.

"Can't we watch something else?"

"I'd rather not watch some fashion show or whatever else you girls like to watch," answered Henry with a snide look.

"Yea, right, I'd forgotten that you'd never stayed at a girls house long enough to discover what they liked to watch."

"Why should I? They've usually already given me all I wanted of them by then."

"That and they've kicked you out." I gibed at him, giggling.

"Careful or I'll be the one kicking you out." He answered, carelessly lying down and stretching his legs out on the sofa and across my lap.

I wrinkled my nose at the smell of his feet.

"Get used to it." He told me.

"I don't think you should."

He snorted at that, but I ignored him. I was getting drowsy, and soon felt myself falling off to sleep, having completely lost track of both time and dinner. It was only the next morning that I realized how hungry I was and that Henry must have carried me to bed, as I woke up warm beneath my sheets.

October 24, 2014

I got up with difficulty this morning, feeling very cozy in bed and not wanting to get up. I wasn't just feeling lazy... I was feeling a little horny. I was going to be late however, so I eventually forced myself to get up, shower, put my make-up one, braid my hair and change tops as I'd slept in my green one. I chose a pink t-shirt and went to campus with Henry, glad that the sun was up and warm today.
