 A Different

WORLD

Part 1

Copyright © 2017 by Henry C. Roberts. All Rights Reserved.

Copyrights:

This story is written, authored, and copyright owned by, Author, Penname Henry C. Roberts. This is a complete work of fiction.

Except what is permitted by the US Copyright Act of 1976, No part of this story or art can be written, reproduced, copied, or stored in a sharing database, or shared without prior written consent of the author.

This story is a work of fiction: Names, character, places, location (websites), and ideas are products of the author's imagination. If anything resembles anything actual, it is by coincidence and solely used fictitiously. All characters are fictional and over 18 years of age.

Disclaimer:

This story is for Adult Only. If you are underage, exit now. This book contains graphic language and scenes of sexual acts. All characters portrayed are over the age of 18 years old. All sexual acts are consenting. This story may portray scenes of Intercourse, Voyeur, Hand, Anal, and Fellatio.

Thank you for reading and leaving a review on Literotica.

................................................

Scientists say, 'there are other Universes with planets that resemble Earth'. Furthermore, existence is composed of an unknown multitude of Universes. So, it's possible to theorize, this world does exist.

This world's development began similarly to our own. However, about 1950, this world changes exponentially. A plague wiped out over 90% of the dominant species, Humans.

It took the planet about 200 years to recover, but life moves on and humanity rallied. Each of the seven continents has about 1-2 major societies starting to grow and thrive. In the United States of America, there are three major Societies. These three Societies exist in what was once New York City, Houston, and San Francisco.

In each of these societies, life has about returned to what it was prior to the plague of 1950. There are airports, sea ports, and train systems connecting each Society. Thru voyages to another continent, the world stays connected.

In each society, there are the normal aspects of any society. People live in the metropolitan neighborhoods and out to the urban farm lands. Schools teach the children, and people have to go to work. However, there is one major difference.

The plague killed just about every male of the human race. The current ratio is about one male per every dozen females. Therefore, population growth has been slow. Once the Societies started to organize and come together, a global law was passed. "Every female of adult age and single must agree to the request for sexual encounters from any male of adult age and single."

When this law was passed, these requests were met with eagerness. While the male's libido stayed about the same after the plague, the female's libido seemed to increase over the generations. This increased libido mixed with the number of males available to make a request has increased the desire for most ladies.

As time has passed, a few guys might be taking advantage of this law.

A Different World

1

Houston

Joey reads 'History of Houston' on the cover of his text book. Spending three hours studying history is enough for his brain. In the US, the Society of Houston has expanded outwards to what was once San Antonio and Austin. However, even though the society is increasing its territory, it's only considered, the Society of Houston.

Joey lives in a suburb type neighbor close to once Austin. In his section of the Society, the main goal is Network Development. Most people are employed in developing and maintaining the computer networks for the entire society. Joey's parents are Heads of a major division, so their careers keep them out of the house and traveling around the entire Society most of the year. This leaves the house quiet except for Helga, the Nanny.

Having a quiet home is perfect for studying. This is why Susie has been studying with Joey throughout High School. The quiet place to study and the fact Joey is a genius is a reason she is getting a 3.5 GPA and not a 2.5 GPA at graduation.

Susie Powers is closing her History text and packing her bag when Joey glances over at her. Joey and Susie have been friends their entire life. They both grew up on the same street in the same neighborhood. Growing up, this neighborhood did not have many children, so the two became friends early in life.

Joey has always liked how her glasses seem to fall to the edge of her nose. The black rim glasses make her blue eyes stand out. Susie's long dark brown hair is in a ponytail. With her long hair off her face, her beauty is visible. Her long neck accents her linear cheek bones, and her bright blue eyes pierce the soul.

Joey has been noticing Susie more the last couple of years. He looks forward to her perfume making the kitchen smell like roses. However, he has stayed focus on school and his grades. He has to get into Jock University across town. Their Engineering degree is top notch, and he has to graduate top of his class if he hopes to Head a Technology Division like his parents.

"You ready for our History final tomorrow?" Joey asked packing his bag.

"I hope. I plan to review our summary notes later tonight, but I think I should do well. I only need a C in History," Susie replied with a soft smile.

"You will do great. I am glad final week starts with History. They left Science and Math until the end. Gives us more time to study," Joey added lifting his bag. As he lifts his bag, two white gold green rings fall out from his side pockets. They drop to the table making a pinging sound. "Shoot."

"Seriously, I'll need a ton of help with Math," Susie replied. Her eyes focus on the two rings. It takes a second then her brain registers. "Are those Marital Rings?"

"Yeah," said Joey as he picked the rings up and slid them in his jean's pocket.

"Yours?"

"Yeah, I turned 18 about four months ago. With my parents traveling this quarter, I didn't celebrate."

.......................

*On a male's 18th birthday, he is given a set of Marital Rings. Once he has found a female to accept his marriage proposal, the man and woman will wear a ring. The male's ring is biologically programmed for each man. When the male wears his ring, it activates the other Marital Ring.

Since Joey chose small green Emerald gems in his rings, when his is activated, the ring will give a soft green glow.

A male receives an additional ring on his 21st, 25th, 30th, and 34th birthday. Polygamy is a way of life due to the man to female ratio of 1/12.*

................................

"Happy late birthday," giggled Susie as she lifts her bag over her shoulders.

"Thanks."

Since Joey is at home, Joey leaves his bag in the kitchen's corner. He walks over to the fridge and opens the right-side. Looking around, he pulls out two bottles of Coke.

"Thirsty?" Joey asked after he opens the two bottles handing one to Susie.

"Kinda, but I need to get home. Walk with me?" Susie asked looking Joey in the eyes. Her blue eyes flutter as she blinks.

"Sure."

Since hitting their teenage years, Susie has been ignoring Joey in public. The chance to walk down the road with her makes his heart and mind race. After stepping outside, Joey offers to hold Susie's bag. He sips his Coke with her bag over his shoulder.

With Susie living five houses down, the walk will not take long. However, Joey realizes it's taking longer than usual. Susie seems to be lingering with each step. About half way through the trip, Susie stops suddenly. She turns to Joey. Since she is about three inches shorter, she looks up slightly.

"I tell you something only my parents and sister know?"

"S-Sure," Joey replied. He glances down at the road when he realizes her eyes are focused on his. "You can... ummm, tell me -."

"Two days ago, I turned 18."

It takes a few seconds for this information to be absorbed and analyzed in his brain. Once the news of Susie's age hits his brain, Joey automatically thinks, 'I can request ANY sexual favor, and by law, Susie has to agree'. Almost as quickly as he thinks about sex with Susie, he thinks about their friendship and doesn't request anything.

"Happy late birt -,"

"Shh, quiet," Susie interrupted and cut him off. "No one knows, I wanted to complete High School at least."

"Why are you so worried?" inquired Joey with his eyes squished in a confused expression.

"Seriously! Like, Oh my god, don't fucking joke," Susie hissed with her hand on his arm. She looks left and right making sure no one is around. Talking softly, "You know the law."

"Of course, I do. However, my father told me, 'The law is not often used'. Also, the theory according to the History books is to prompt promiscuity which will lead to breeding.'

"Yeah, right! Maybe, in the past. Now, most men just want to fuck."

"Susie, how can you say that? The theory has nothing to do with fucking," Joey responded then lowered his voice. "It's about procreation."

"Whatever! You're such choir boy. My best friend, Jill, told me her older sister has requests for a blowjob twice a week."

"Really!" added Joey. However, it was more a statement than a question. Joey thought non-procreation acts were only in movies on the internet. He never thought in real life.

Susie rolls her eyes at Joey exclamation of disbelief. When her eyes finally move back to his eyes, she straightens up. The corrected posture pushes out and lifts her chest. As each hand press to her sides and lowers down to her hips, she grips her shirt as her hands lower and tightens the loose shirt to her frame. With the clothing tighten around her waist; her hourglass frame is noticeable. More so, her tremendous chest is noticeable.

"Jill's sister is cute. Most girls are cute, but Joey, my body is really developing. See!" Susie said looking down at herself. With her hands on her hips, she stands with one foot pointed tip-toe and the other foot sideways behind it. "My breasts are an HH cup. When everyone knows I'm 18, one look at me, and most men will feel inspired to request sexual acts to 'promote procreation' and 'help stimulate' their libidos. I don't want to be with different men throughout each fucking day."

"Susie, I cannot ponder that happening. You are being carried away."

"Oh my god, answer one question truthfully. What did you think when I told you?"

Joey is unable to answer. He drops his eyes from her eyes. He looks everywhere but at Susie and says nothing.

"See," Susie exclaimed raising her voice. "I can't even buy clothes to fit because my proportions are like no one else." Lifting her shirt, her flat stomach and unbutton jeans can be seen. Her hips are too wide for any of her jeans to close, but her hips keep them in place.

"It's how it is, Susie. The Society says it's every citizen's responsibility to encourage the growth of the Society. Plus, you are going to an all girl college across town, so no guys will be there."

"True," Susie agreed again rolling her eyes to show he doesn't understand her concern. "But, I can't stay on campus 24-7, duh."

"Sorry Susie, wish I could help."

"You can."

"How?"

"Well," Susie said stepping closer to Joey and catching his eyes with her eyes. As her smile widens, she continues, "You could give me your Marital Ring. You told me your waiting until after college to pursue a relationship, right?"

"Yeah, but --."

"But, nothing. I'm not sayin we will get married, but if I had your ring, no other guy could request favors from me. You would help me get through college, too," begged Susie leaning into him. Her chest presses against his chest as she gives him her best pouting look.

"I do not know, Susie. That seems illegal and against our Society's World's view. I mean, I want to help, and I am cool giving it to you, but..." Joey replied trailing off.

"Please, Joey. You'll be, like, my hero."

"Can I think about it tonight? I'm driving you all week to finals, right?"

"Yeah."

"Then, we can talk about it in the morning, OK?"

"Ok," Susie replied leaning up and kissing his cheek. "Thanks, Joey."

After gazing into each other's eyes for a second, they continue to Susie's house. However, their posture changed. Susie has wrapped her arms around Joey's arm leaning her head on his shoulder and holds him as they walk. At her house, she kisses his cheek, again.

"The second kiss is for not asking me for anything, yet," Susie answered after seeing his puzzled look. She walks in her house.

2

Later that night in his bed, Joey is trying to calculate his decision. Truthfully, he is completely fine with giving her his ring for two reasons. One, he plans to focus on college and won't concern himself with a relationship for years, and two, in reality, the idea of marrying Susie is an old fantasy of his. A fantasy he had way before she started to develop. But, he is afraid they might get caught in their lie.

Joey is about the height of Susie. He stands 5'9, but when Susie wears heels, they see eye to eye. Joey is not into sports. He likes video games and studying. He is a brown hair chubby video game geek.

Lying in bed, he thinks of how they can make their 'marriage' seem real. They have been friends their entire life. Someone could not argue his decision and her acceptance since their adults. They can even set a date, and work towards setting up their 'wedding'.

"Shoot," he said out loud laughing. "We could send out invitations a year into our engagement."

Finally, his brain moves to one fact not thought about. If Susie accepts his ring, he does not have to request sexual encounters. He has the right to just do them. He can walk up to her and pull her into his arms for a kiss and grab her ass. "Fuck," Joey said when he realizes only he could have sex with her. Susie would be all his.

The image of Susie pulling her shirt tight to show her small waist, curvy hips, and abundant breasts comes to his mind. Within seconds, his cock starts to rise in his boxers.

Joey slides a hand down under his shorts. He grips his member. His hand starts a familiar task of jerking his cock. He doesn't last long with thoughts of Susie in his head. As his hand increases its speed, he feels his pleasure build. Before he knows it, he turns to the side and explodes over the edge of the sheet. As Joey closes his eyes, he thinks, 'Poor Helga, she is going to have sticky sheets to clean tomorrow.

..................................

Sitting in his old silver Ford Focus sedan, Joey is studying his History flash cards. Just the fact he has a car in High School shows his family has wealth. Since during finals the tests time varies, Joey has offered to give Susie a ride all week. He hears the door open and doesn't look over right away.

"Hey Susie, ready for th...," Joey is unable to speak.

As Susie steps into the car, Joey has a glimpse of her outfit. While she is sitting, he notices her short red plaid skirt flutter up revealing her red lace panties. His eyes follow down her thick thighs as his mouth hangs open gawking.

"JO-EY, we going?" Susie said after ten seconds. She drags out his name with the final 'ey' sounding like 'we'.

"Yeah, your outfit is amaz...," Joey is unable to speak, again. When his eyes try to travel to her eyes, his eyes are stopped by her breast. More the fact, her white half top is see-thru allowing Joey to completely see her breasts. "...ing."

"Joey," Susie hissed quick and stern to get his attention. "Please, please stop staring. God, I will get this shit all day."

"I'm sorry. You are beautiful, but why this outfit? At school?"

"My mother, duh. She tossed all my clothes out and bought me new clothes," answered Susie crossing her arms to show her aggravation. "She said, 'You're eighteen now, young lady. It's time you dress to encourage procreation."

"Man, Sorry Susie."

"You know what this will encourage? Any chance you made your mind up about your Ring?"

"Yes," Joey responded reaching in his pocket. With a smile on his face, he looks her in the eyes and hands Susie the engagement ring. "Will you marry me?"

"Oh my god, really!" Susie shouted looking down at the gold green ring in Joey's hand. "You really, really for sure? Sure?"

"Yes, Susie. I am sure I want you to wear my ring. Are you sure?"

"Yes," Susie answered reaching for the ring.

As Susie is about to take the ring, Joey pulls it back. He smiles as Susie's eyes widen in disbelief. Joey says, "Give me your hand. I should put it on your finger."

Susie holds her hand out to him. After he slides the ring on her left hand's ring finger, she leans close to him. She kisses his cheek, and she says, "Thanks, Joey. You're too sweet."

Parking at the High school, they both get out the car. Joey walks over to Susie as she adjusts her outfit. Standing in her white high heels, she looks amazing. The transparent blouse is tied just under her vastly ample chest. With her mountainous chest lifted and on display through the top, her HH breasts are a perfection of art on display.

Moving down her sculpted frame, her pear shape rear is accented perfectly by her red short plaid skirt. Even though her skirt sits low on her wide hips, the length barely covers her plump round ass.

Joey slides his ring on and notices both rings light up, immediately.

"They're glowing," said Susie.

"Yeah, we should talk about things later because we have to make people think this is real. We do not want to get the authorities thinking this is a lie, right?"

"Gosh, I don't want to get you in trouble," Susie whined starting to pull the ring off her finger.

"Don't worry, it's fine," Joey answered placing his hand on her hand to stop her. "Please, keep it. What I mean is in public, we will need to do things like kiss and hold hands. Simple, right?"

"Oh yes, Sure, Joey. I'm so thankful. I understand." replied Susie leaning close and kissing his cheek to show her understanding.

"Susie, it's crazy but you know our relationship will change," Joey said leaning on his car not looking at her. "I mean, our relationship is passed "requesting things". I can just do."

With her right hand on her hip and her left hand holding her books, Susie tilts her head giving her new fiancé a roll of the eyes and says, "Oh really, dear. You won't be a caveman now, will you?"

"No dear," Joey answered with an ear-to-ear smile to show he likes calling her dear. "I do want one thing before we go to our test."

"Jo-ey," whined Susie making the end of his name sound like 'we'. "Already? Here?"

"A picture," said Joey hold his N-phone up. (Network phones are like our I-phones, but limited to just the Society they are in.)

"So you really like this outfit," Susie asked with a roll of her eyes. "Should I pose, sweetheart?"

"You could do one of those modeling poses pointing one foot. Your heels make you taller than me."

"Yes dear."

After putting his phone away, the new couple walks to class holding hands. As they reach the point of separation, Susie leans over and kisses Joey on the lips. The kiss is quick and effective. At least half of the students around stop and stare. It could be the kiss or Susie's outfit.

"Talk this afternoon while studying?" asked Joey.

"Yep."

"Need a ride home?"

"No, Jill wants to get a new piercing. She will take me home after."

"OK. Good luck on your test," said Joey.

"Bye, dear."
