 Luria sensed something was wrong the moment she woke. She sat up in the bed, her hand going to her head as her vision blurred then doubled before righting itself. "Balor?" she called, softening the tone of her voice for even that made her head ache.

When no answer was forthcoming, she swung her legs out of bed and sat on the edge. She was naked, her tunic on the floor where Balor had dropped it when he swept it over her head. She couldn't help but smile at the memory. Her husband was a strong man and he loved her.

It almost seemed like a fairytale to her, the handsome prince sweeping her away from the evil sorcerer, and then taking her to his castle to live happily ever after. But the fairytales never spoke of the incredibly erotic sex between the hero and the damsel. 

Taking a deep breath, she reached for her tunic and pulled it on. Her breeches were hung over a chair in the corner and she grimaced, seeing the blood and gore that stained them. But they were all she had so she grabbed an edge of the sheet and wiped as much as she could off before pulling them on. Wrapping her sword belt around her waist and putting Graeme's short sword in its sheath, she finally felt ready to go and find Balor.

As she passed a mirror, she hesitated. Her hair was a mess, pins were coming out which left half of her hair down on her shoulders and the other half up. With a groan she pulled out the rest of the pins before grabbing a nearby brush and straightening out the tangles. Every time she got close to the bump on her head, she'd grimace, but kept at it anyway until her white blond hair shone in the light of the sun that came through the glassless windows.

The sound of a horse took her to the window and she gasped as she recognized the rider. "Balor!" she cried, seeing him hesitate and then turn his face up to hers. "Don't leave me here!" 

"Graeme will explain. I love you, Luria," was all Balor said before turning his horse and riding through the gate. She watched him, tears streaming down her cheeks. He was deserting her. She couldn't believe that he would do it, not to her, not to his wife.

She ran out the door and down the steps into the courtyard. Her hair flew out behind her like a silken cape until she found Graeme. Grabbing his arm, she turned him around, not caring that he spoke to the Elder. 

"Where is he going?" she demanded.

"Lady Luria, calm yourself," Graeme said, holding his hands out to her.

"I am as calm as I will ever get," she growled. "Where is he going?"

"Magnus's armies are going to march on the Seventh Kingdom. Balor's gone to warn his people and to fight at their side."

"So why am I not going with him? Is it not my place to fight at my husband's side?" she asked. "I need a horse and a map to tell me how to get to the Seventh Kingdom."

"Your husband, Prince Balor, wants you to stay here, Princess. We must do as he asks."

"Fine, then I'll find a way on my own," she growled before giving a shrill cry and holding up her arm.

A falcon, sleek and beautiful, landed gently upon her bare arm. She spoke softly to the bird then sent her off with a quick jerk of her arm. "She will be my eyes," Luria said, then smiled as Rowan and Shria came up to nudge at her and offered their ears for scratching. "These two will be my might." With a whistle, the sound of splintering wood and then the pounding of hooves could be heard and a huge black stallion came to her.

"Careful, Princess, that animal is wicked and still wild," Graeme said, trying to pull her back.

"Nonsense." She stroked the animal's nose. He nickered and nudged her hand, wanting more attention. "He just needed someone who understands him."

"That animal has thrown every rider who tried to ride him, he's bitten my stable hands, and now you have him eating out of your hand. You truly are a descendant of the great Atana Potnia."

"And as such, you should know that I will have my way in this if I have to call every elephant and lion I can summon to get me out of here. My place is at my husband's side, whether he wishes it or not." Then with the help of a small tree stump, she mounted the back of the huge stallion. Her hands in his mane were the only way she had of controlling him, but she knew he wouldn't balk. He wanted out of here as much as she did.

"Open the gates," she called as she galloped down from the courtyard with the two lions in chase. 

Behind her, the Elder looked at Graeme. "Go with her, she cannot be captured. You know what to do if Magnus gets too close."

"I know but it doesn't mean I have to like it," Graeme growled. He went to the stables, grabbing his own horse and saddling him.

As he was taking him out of the stables, the Elder appeared with a large bag of supplies. "I will talk to Marka, I will tell her you were called away on duty. Protect the princess. She is so very important to keep life the way we know it now."

Graeme nodded, swinging up into the saddle. "I know my duty." 

"Then may the Elderon give you wings to aid your flight." 

Graeme bowed his head before heading off. 

It took him a few minutes to catch up to Luria. She'd given the stallion his head, letting him race wildly across the meadow strewn with the bodies of the beastly guard. She could hear Graeme calling to her and she slowed her horse with a thought, turning on his wide back to see Graeme, his horse loaded with supplies, struggling to catch up to her.

When he did, she glared at him. "If you've come here to get me to go back, you've got another think coming," she said her hands upon her hips. Rowan moved closer to his mistress, sensing her tension. Shria took up a position of attack if Luria commanded.

"No, Princess, I plan to come with you."

"You want to come with me?" she asked, surprised. "I thought you were set against me going out."

"I was only doing Prince Balor's wishes, Princess. I think he was foolish for not wanting you there, with your strength and your animals, you could be a huge asset in any battle. Now, may I ride with you?" he asked politely.

"Yes, of course. I am a little embarrassed to say that I don't know how to get to the Seventh Kingdom."

"Yes that would have definitely ruined your exit if you'd had to turn around and ask how to get there. Shall we?" he asked, pointing in the direction to go.

* * * *

He missed her already.

Damn, he'd only just left and he wanted to turn around, ignore his duty and spend all day in bed with her. She made him smile, she took a gray day and gave it life and warmth. He wanted to feel that again.

A sigh escaped him. Damn Magnus and his plots and schemes. He had to warn his father of the treachery that was about to unfold. He kicked his horse to a faster pace, knowing that they would run hard and long this day.

He heard the cry of a hawk overhead and stared at it for a moment. How beautiful the bird was. How wonderful it must be to take flight and fly over this land. To be able to go straight over lakes instead of trotting around them would be an asset to any army. He watched the bird another moment and then it turned, circling higher in the air before going back the way it came.

His hands were lax upon the reins as he watched the falcon until it was out of sight. This was soon followed by the faint sound of rustling from the undergrowth from which suddenly sprang forth a large vicious-looking snake. His horse was startled, he bucked and kicked which sent Balor flying to the ground before he could gather his senses. The horse ran off leaving him laid out on the path with the snake curled up and hissing at him. He didn't dare move.

Then for no apparent reason, the snake stopped hissing and uncurled itself to slither its way back into the brush and branches on the other side of the path. Balor soon heard the sound of hoof beats. He looked up. 

"Are you all right?" Luria asked, slipping off the black stallion and dropping to her knees at his side.

"Dammit, Luria, I'm fine. You aren't supposed to be here. I left you safely within the Elderon." He dug his hand into her hair and pulled her down so that their lips met. It was an angry kiss, hard and full of heat.

Luria didn't fight him; she kissed him back with all the fire and love in her heart. She felt his lips soften and knew he was glad to see her even if he wouldn't admit it. A quiet clearing of the throat parted them and they both looked up at Graeme.

"Excuse me, but don't we have a kingdom to save?"

"You're right, and since you've come with Luria, you can take her back to the Elderon where she'll be safe from this coming fight."

"I'm going with you," Luria said defiantly. "I don't need to be spoiled or petted, and I don't run from a fight, if you try to send me back, I'll sneak out and follow you. Besides, you don't have a horse."

"Luria," he began, trying to keep the anger out of his voice. "It's too dangerous for you to be there. If Magnus's guard overthrow the Seventh Kingdom and he were to catch you...I could not bear the thought of you caught up in his control again."

"What if this is a ploy? What if he has sent you false information and he plans to attack the Elderon tonight instead of the Seventh Kingdom? Maybe he just needed a way to get you out of the Elderon so that he might attack and take me from you? Aren't I safer being at your side?"

"Fine," he said finally. "But you do everything I say without arguing. If I say stay in a room, you'll stay and not come out on the field to find me. Understand me?"

"Yes," she said. "I shall be the most dutiful wife."

Balor scoffed at that statement, but he rose, helping her up. "No saddle?" he asked, looking at the big stallion that was nibbling clover from Luria's hands.

"No time, I had one chance to leave and I took it." She wiped her hand on her pants and then let Balor help her up on the horse. He jumped up behind her, burying his fingers into the stallion's thick mane. He bucked a bit, protesting the extra weight he had to carry before calming under Luria's soft voice. Then they were off, Shria and Rowan running beside the horses. Above them, the falcon swooped and then let the airflow take her higher.

"He's one of yours as well?" Balor whispered in her ear.

"Yes, that's how we knew we were close." She gasped as his hands let loose of the stallion's mane and instead circled around her. His hand spanned her small waist and then he moved it under her tunic, pulling it loose from her sword belt. "What are you doing?" she almost squeaked as she felt his cold hand on her stomach.

"What does it look like I'm doing?" he growled low in her ear, making her shiver again. "I haven't been able to forget what we did on my horse that day." His hands moved up, cupping her bare breasts under her tunic. He captured her nipples, feeling them grow taut under his fingers. She leaned back, unable to do anything else as he nuzzled at her neck

When his hand went to the strings that held up the leather pants, she grabbed it with both of hers. "We can't do this in front of Graeme." She looked at the elf that'd pulled in front of them, leading the way.

"We aren't," Balor whispered in her ear, making goose flesh run across her skin. "We're doing this behind him. Don't worry, wife."

She leaned back against him, her hands going to rest on his thighs as he once more fought with the laces that held her pants together. It finally came untied, the flap opening to show a triangle of soft, creamy flesh. His hand slipped down and inside the leather, parting her soft wet lips carefully.

Luria gasped and then moaned low in her throat. She could do nothing but hold on to his thickly muscled thighs and allow him his way. "Balor," she gasped again as he pushed two of his fingers inside her core, letting the rhythm of the horse's gait move them inside of her.

"Remember when my cock was in you," he whispered against her ear. "Remember what it was like, fucking you that day on the horse. I didn't know it was possible to do that, but you showed me how." He circled his thumb around her clit and felt her tighten around his fingers, a spurt of wetness covering them. "You like this don't you?" he whispered in her ear as she moaned softly. Then he was pushing her down, having her lie against the horse's neck. He yanked her pants down as far as they would go. She was pink and swollen, moisture glistening on her flesh.

Quickly tearing off his cod piece, he rubbed the tip of his cock against her, then pushed slowly inside of her. He pulled her upright. "You ride me; I'll ride the horse," he growled, feeling her pushing down even closer than before.

Luria reached forward, using the horse's neck to keep her balance while she rode him. It wasn't easy, but the pleasure each thrust gave her more than made up for the awkwardness of the position she was in.

She felt Balor's hands on her, caressing her, helping her move over him. The gait of the horse was both a help and a hindrance, keeping her from moving the way she wished. She gasped Balor's name, feeling his fingers caressing her, finding her clit and rubbing against it until she was a squirming, writhing mass of sensation.

His voice was in her ear. "Come for me," he ordered, the sound a rich, throaty purr. Just the sound of his voice had her panting, her body tightening, his cock deep inside her core, stimulating every nerve ending she had.

With just his voice, he sent her over the edge, a mad, crazy dive into the chaotic arms of bliss. She bit her lip to keep from crying out his name. Then he was with her, she could feel his cock swell as the first spurt of his spunk filled her with heat.

He lay against her with his chest on her back for quite awhile until the horse came to an abrupt stop. Balor quickly looked up and then smiled. 

"We're here, love," he said, kissing the nape of her neck. "We're in the Seventh Kingdom and our home is not far beyond that wall."