 It was the night before the Royal Wedding and Queen Nathalie was working herself into a frenzy, rushing about and making sure that no detail had been forgotten or omitted.

Luria watched her from where she sat upon Balor's lap in one of the padded chairs close to the fireplace. "I feel like I should be doing something," she said to him, feeling his arms tighten around her.

"You are doing something," Balor teased. "You're making me happy."

Luria narrowed her eyes at him. "You know what I mean. Your mother shouldn't have to do all of this work."

She glanced around at the freshly painted walls of the palace, the banners having been taken down and beaten of their dust and grime. The smells of roasting meats and fresh rushes for the floor filled the large room.

They would be married close to the main gate of the palace so that their people could see them. The gates had been hung with streamers and dozens of flowers, all in white. Luria would carry the same kind of flowers in her hair.

"She likes to do this, it's what she lives for, daughter, so don't fear. Nothing makes her happier than overseeing a ball or wedding and letting the people of the other kingdoms see the wealth and prosperity of our kingdom." Martane smiled. "You two just relax. Your duties will be upon you soon enough."

"Duties?" Luria asked. "What kind of duties?"

"Well, making me grandbabies, of course. It's a rough duty but I think you two are up to the match."

"But, Father, we've already started." Balor grinned, his hand resting upon Luria's still flat belly.

"I said babies, Balor, enough to fill this palace with the sounds of children again." Martane dropped his hand gently on Luria's shoulder and squeezed.

"We'll do our best, sir," Luria chuckled. "But I'd rather just concentrate upon this one first."

Martane nodded and then went off to find his wife.

* * * *

There was a feast of sorts the night before the wedding, to greet the Royals who had already shown up. Others would make a day trip to come to the wedding as they lived closer. Isobel's parents, King Alan and Queen Leanore, had arrived earlier in the day and were staying in the castle. The rest of the guests were staying at the three inns in the village.

Leanore had hugged Isobel to her quite impressive bust, stroking her hands over her back as she tried to comfort her. But when they tried to get Isobel to join them in their suite of rooms, she'd balked. When the issue had been pressed, Isobel threw such a massive fit, using words her parents didn't know she knew.

"Something is wrong," Leanore had whispered to Nathalie. "She's not my Isobel. It's like something dark and malignant has settled inside of her."

"She had a hard time of it with Magnus," Nathalie said. "She just needs some time to get over that."

"What did that man do to my baby?" Leanore cried, pulling a handkerchief out of the neckline of her gown. She sobbed into it, Nathalie at her side, rubbing her back and trying to comfort her.

"You really don't want to know those details," Nathalie said softly. "Just let her go through this patch, she will be fine."

"I certainly hope so. Alan has begun talking to King Ramille of the First Kingdom. He has four boys and I thought maybe one of them would make her a good husband."

"They are fine boys," Nathalie said, glad that Alan and Leanore hadn't gone on and on about the breaking of the marriage contract for Balor. They'd barely blinked when told that Balor would not be marrying Isobel as they had planned. That he'd married the Descendant and saved the kingdoms from the worst of fates, Magnus, had kept the arguments to a dull roar.

At the feast that evening, Isobel wouldn't speak to her parents, she wouldn't speak to anyone. She'd dressed in her best finery, wearing an emerald green gown that made the best of her feminine assets. An emerald necklace drew the eyes to her cleavage, barely held in check by the gown. It looked as if she took a deep breath, those assets would burst from their fabric prison.

She sat at her usual place at the long table, at the last seat, turning her back on anyone who would try to draw her into conversation. Her maid, Mathilde, was the only one she would talk to. Mathilde fussed over her mistress, bringing her a platter of the tenderest meats, giving her the tastiest of the cheeses and coaxing her to eat.

Isobel but picked at the platter, her eyes staring off into the distance at some fixed point. She ignored her mother who tried to speak to her, ignored her father who railed at her for her actions as well as for the way she treated her mother. But nothing got through her serene barrier. 

"It's like she isn't there," Queen Leanore cried. "It's like her mind has left her and it is only her body that sits there upon the chair. What are we going to do?" she asked, pulling out her handkerchief again and twisting it in her plump hands.

"Leanore, hysterics aren't going to help," Nathalie began to say only to stop when she heard Isobel shriek. The girl went for her father, her knee going between his legs and slamming into his groin. There was a bright red handprint on Isobel's face, evidence that King Alan wasn't willing to wait for her to come out of whatever demented trance she was in. King Alan went to the floor, his hands clenched between his legs, a strange sound leaking from his lips.

"Oh dear!" Leanore exclaimed. She pushed up from her chair, going to her husband's side. "Alan, are you all right?"

Alan groaned, opening his eyes. "Do I look like I'm all right?" His eyes went to where his daughter was, seated back in her seat, lazily plucking at a bunch of grapes. "She's a witch," he hissed at his wife.

"No, Alan, no, you don't mean that." Leanore cried, making a sign of protection.

"Your daughter is not a witch, King Alan. She's been through a terrible ordeal. We must grant her concessions for now and let her come out of it at her own speed." Nathalie glanced over at Queen Leanore, hoping she'd speak up for her daughter.

"It will be okay, Alan. She'll be ready for the wedding, I promise," Leanore said, trying to placate her husband. "Just leave her in our capable hands, please, Alan."

With a mighty groan, King Alan rose from the floor, yanking down on the hem of his jerkin. He walked sort of bent legged, stooped, giving him the look of more years than was his right to claim. He stopped by his daughter's chair. "I shan't forget this, Isobel. Just remember this day when you lay in your marital bed." He gave her a half hearted smirk and then left the room, heading for their bedchamber.

"Oh dear," Nathalie said, trying to keep from laughing. It was definitely not a laughing matter, but that didn't help her when little titters of giggles escaped her grip. "Oh my!" 

She glanced up at Leanore and they both burst out laughing, leaning against each other as they became a trifle weak with their amusement.

"I've never seen him so red," Leanore giggled.

"You'd be red too if your balls were in your throat," Nathalie said, startling Leanore into another spat of unrestrained laughter.

The two women quit laughing as Isobel rose from her seat and passed them on her way up to her room. "There is definitely something wrong with her," Nathalie said to Leanore. "It's like something on the tip of my tongue, I can almost get it but it's just beyond my grasp."

"I know what you mean. I shall be happy to have her wed off to one of Ramille's brood."

* * * *

Isobel heard what they were saying but she didn't care. She was so detached from the reality of the world, finding herself in a world of dark and horrible creatures that capered and danced around her. She'd been terrified at first, but now she found comfort in this world, for here she was wanted and desired. She wasn't considered chattel, to be bought by whoever would give the best bride's price.

Here Magnus held his court, seating her at his right hand, spending his time with her. She had to pretend when she was in public, but in the privacy of her own room, Magnus could come and go as he pleased.

"My love," she called when she closed the door tightly, bolting it from the inside. "My love, I am alone."

A sound of huge wings could be heard at the open window and then he was climbing in, tall and handsome with his dark green eyes and inky hair. "Isobel," he said softly, holding out his hands so that she might run into them. "I have missed you so."

"I have missed you, my love," she whispered. It was cold in his arms, cold and a bit scary. The blackness began to sweep over her and he leaned down to kiss her lips.

"Have you brought me another, my love?" he asked, the lust for blood raging in his veins. The damage that had been done to him was slowly healing but he needed blood for it to heal completely. Once he had, then he would show Luria and her little prince what he could do.

"No, Magnus. It's become too dangerous. They look at me with suspicion."

"I don't care if they look at you like you're crazed. I need more." He dropped his arms, one hand coming up to grasp the front of her emerald gown in his fist. "You will go out and find me a youth. Young blood is the best. Lure him back here, I care not how and have him ready for me." He shook her once only to emphasize his point. "Go, now. Do not disappoint me!"

Isobel stumbled back, staring at what once had been a man, but was now half man, half demon. His face was twisted with his dementia, his eyes glowing like red fire. He lifted one skeletal hand and pointed toward the door. When he parted his lips to speak, she could see the sharp ridges of his black teeth. "Go! I shall be back in an hour. See that you bring him here and seduce him by that time. Understand?!"

"Yes," she squeaked, her hand was scrabbling for the door handle, when she finally found it she tugged on it until it let go. With a shriek of fear, she left her room, running until she reached the stables. 

There she found exactly what would appease Magnus. Tugging on her gown to straighten it, she managed to lower the neckline until half her nipples could be seen above the tight bodice. Then with her head held high and a sway in her hips she walked in and sought out the stable boy who'd taken her fancy.

Ten minutes later, she was leaving with him in tow. He stumbled and stammered, anxiously staring around. He hurried up the stairs to her room, a silly grin on his face.

The door shut soundly behind him. Another ten minutes passed and the sound of screaming could be heard by anyone who had the misfortune to pass that door.

* * * *

Luria stood in front of her mirror as a maid pinned curls into place in an elaborate hair style. Her wedding gown was pale blue, decorated with white flowers that had tiny gems winking in between.

"You look lovely," Nathalie said from the door. As Luria turned away from the mirror, Nathalie stepped forward and held a box out to her. "I wore this at my wedding to Martane. I always wished for a daughter to wear it at her wedding." She watched as Luria opened the box and took out the delicate looking tiara made of moonstones and gold. 

"Oh, it's beautiful. I can't take this," Luria said holding it out to Nathalie.

"Yes you can. You are the daughter that I always wished for." Nathalie took the tiara and placed it gently upon Luria's hair. "Now you are complete, daughter. Balor won't be able to keep his eyes off of you."

There was a knock upon the door. "It's time. You look simply beautiful," Martane told Luria holding his arm out for her to take. They led the way out of her room and then down the stairs, through the main room that had been transformed for the wedding party afterwards.

A fanfare of trumpets heralded her trip down the aisle causing every dignitary in the seven kingdoms to turn in their seats and stare at her. 

As Luria began to walk forward, a sense of unease shook her. Something was wrong. She knew it as well as she knew her own name. Something was going to happen. She had to get to Balor.

King Martane stared at the shaking girl. "Nerves are normal, Luria. Never fear, you are doing the right thing here."

"It's not that," she said furiously. "Something is going to happen, I can feel it."

"Magnus is dead, Luria. You struck the fatal blow yourself. He was the only threat we ever worried about here. You are just imagining things." They stepped out and into the sunlight. Luria felt blinded for a moment and shaded her eyes with her hand. Then she started down the aisle toward Balor.

"I know what you're saying is true," she whispered to Martane. "But that changes nothing. Something bad is going to happen."

They'd reached Balor, who stood patiently waiting while Martane kissed both of Luria's cheeks. Then he took her hand and Balor's and clasped them together, putting his fatherly stamp of approval on this match. "It will be fine," he said softly to Luria before stepping away. 

Balor led Luria up a small platform covered with red carpet and strewn with white petals. Before them stood the palace priest, an old man with long white hair and a hearing problem he refused to admit to. He was bent and stooped, leaning upon a cane. But his voice was rich and strong, almost melodic.

He began the ceremony, and they knelt before him to accept his blessings.

"Something is wrong," Luria whispered furiously to Balor. "I can feel it, something is about to happen."

"Luria..." Balor began.

"I know, Magnus is dead, but there is something wrong here."

The sun, which had been shining brightly when she'd walked down the aisle suddenly didn't seem so bright. Glancing up, they saw a strange shadow on the sun that slowly began to blot out the rays. There was a sudden rumbling from below them and a woman screamed as the sky took on the appearance of dusk and not the bright light of midday.

The sound of wings had Luria and Balor both standing and scanning the sky. When they saw the strange beast, both gasped. It settled on the ground in front of them, sending everyone else screaming and scattering away. 

"Don't go so quickly," Magnus's voice came from the beast's mouth. "We have a party to attend but instead of a wedding, it'll be a wake."

Luria didn't scream. She could only stare at the strange looking creature that stood before them. He seemed part spider and part sea creature with his spindly legs scuttling on the cobbled ground.

"What are you?" she said, hesitantly.

"I'm your bridegroom, lovely Luria. How could you forget me so soon?"

"Magnus!" Balor spat the name. "What must we do to keep you dead?"

"You can't," the horrid specter that was Magnus said. "You cannot hurt me. I will take the lovely Lady Luria as my bride this day and then she will miscarry the baby that lies in her womb to be replaced by mine."

"No!" The cry was sharp and the owner of it swift as she hurried down the aisle toward the strange monster. "No, you promised to marry me. I've done everything you've asked, Magnus. I've killed for you, brought all those innocent boys to you. I've even fucked them so that you could get what you needed from them. You have to marry me, you owe me." Isobel grabbed one of Magnus's legs, hanging on as he tried to shake her free. Finally, he backhanded the dark-haired beauty, opening up her skin so that she bled upon the ground where she fell.

Balor drew his sword, holding the lethally sharp weapon and stepping between Luria and Magnus. "You will not take her. Not while there is breath in my body."

"We can fix that, Your Highness," Magnus said, bowing in a courtly manner that was creepy to everyone who witnessed it. "Come, let's finish this," Magnus said, sitting back so that Luria could see the strange looking appendage that hung between his legs. "I am anxious to impregnate my lovely bride."

Balor stepped off the dais, keeping the beast in his sights at all times. He motioned Luria to stay back and she moved toward the palace priest, holding on to his arm while she watched the battle begin.

Magnus moved forward, scuttling on four legs. His arms waved wildly in the air around him and he pulled a sword of his own. The clang of metal upon metal soon was the only sound besides the grunts and groans of the two fighting.

Luria's heart was in her throat and she couldn't bear to watch what was happening, but neither could she turn away. So she watched, her hands going to her breast as she prayed for her love to come through this unscathed.

* * * *

Balor slashed and hacked, he growled his triumph when he sliced through one of Magnus's legs, the tip spewing black blood onto the cobble stones. Magnus screamed his pain for all to hear and then redoubled his attack.

But Balor was ready, his sword always there between himself and Magnus's blade. Another leg was sliced through and then another until Magnus was forced to fight from the ground. He attacked once more, furiously.

His ferocity surprised Balor and his sword went flying from his hand to land on the stones. Magnus moved closer to the unarmed man. "I should show mercy, I mean, killing an unarmed man is so not sporting." He used his arms to move him closer to Balor. "But, I don't want there to be any rescue attempt for the Lady Luria so some things must be done that aren't quite the gentlemanly way." He chuckled a bit. "I'll give you the option of where you want to be struck: belly, heart, or..." he flipped the blade in his hand and aimed it at Balor's groin, "your cock. Which is it to be?"

Balor didn't say a word; he just stared at the thing that Magnus had become. "What ever happened to you to make you this way?"

"Happened? Nothing happened to me. I was born this way," he said. "Now choose or I shall choose for you."

"Magnus!" Luria called, trying to rush to her beloved but the priest held her back. "Magnus, leave him alone and I'll come with you."

Magnus tapped the long bony appendage that could have been his chin with one claw-like finger. "Tempting offer, my dove, but if I left him alive, I don't doubt that he would come looking for you again. No, it has to be this way. Now, Balor, be a good boy and choose!"

"No!" Luria cried, finally ripping herself free of the priest's hands. "No, you can't!"

Magnus pulled his sword back, readying to make the killing blow. He never saw the form that threw itself in the way of his sword—that is, until he heard her cry out in pain. 

"Luria?" Magnus asked. 

"No, gods no," Balor cried, feeling her body stiffen in pain as the blade bit deep into her shoulder where his heart would have been if she hadn't stepped in. "No, my love. Why did you do this?" He laid her down while he cast his eyes about, looking for something he could use to staunch the blood that was trickling through his fingers.

"I couldn't let him kill you," she whispered, reaching her hand up to touch his face only to have it fall back at her side.

"Luria!" he cried as she slowly closed her eyes. "No, love, look at me, stay with me, please," he sobbed, leaning down to bury his face in her hair. "Stay with me," he whispered. "I love you."

A shrill cry caught his ear and he looked up. Isobel had awakened and had picked up his sword. Now she ran it through the thing that Magnus had become. He shrieked and stiffened, turning to backhand the person who had caused him this pain.

Isobel hung on to the sword even as she ducked his many arms. She pulled it free and then rammed it home again, this time finding the blackness of his heart. Magnus screamed and Isobel twisted the sword, causing his heart to burst. He fell to the ground, Isobel still holding to the sword.

Magnus's body started to smoke, black clouds of ill-smelling fumes. Then it began to flame, Isobel drew back from the fire with Balor's sword still in her hands. The flames burned until Magnus's carcass was disintegrated. The only evidence of him ever being was a black sooty spot on the ground and Luria's still form lying in a pool of blood. 
