 "...as she adjusts her outfit. Standing in her white high heels, she looks amazing. The transparent blouse is tied just beneath her vastly ample chest. With her mountainous chest lifted and on display through the top, her HH-cup breasts are a perfection of art on display." 

Copyright © 2017 by Henry C. Roberts. All Rights Reserved. 

Copyrights: 

This story is written, authored, and copyright owned by, Author, Penname Henry C. Roberts. This is a complete work of fiction. 

Except what is permitted by the US Copyright Act of 1976, No part of this story or art can be written, reproduced, copied, or stored in a sharing database, or shared without prior written consent of the author. 

This story is a work of fiction: Names, character, places, location (websites), and ideas are products of the author's imagination. If anything resembles anything actual, it is by coincidence and solely used fictitiously. All characters are fictional and over 18 years of age. 

Disclaimer: 

This story is for Adult Only. If you are underage, exit now. This book contains graphic language and scenes of sexual acts. All characters portrayed are over the age of 18 years old. All sexual acts are consenting. This story may portray scenes of intercourse, voyeur, hand, and Fellatio. 

Thank you for reading and leaving a review. 

Scientists say, 'there are Universes with planets that resemble Earth'. Furthermore, existence is composed of an unknown multitude of Universes. So, it's easy to believe, this world does exist. 

Society Law One: "Every female of adult age and single must agree to the request for sexual encounters from any male of adult age and single." 

Society Law two: "Any sexual encounter of a male with a single female, as long as lawfully requested, results in impregnation. The male and female will be wed by law." 

A Different World Part Two 

1 

Houston 

Six weeks after finals... 

Joey is standing in the apartment's kitchen preparing the salad for tonight's dinner. He glances up at Susie as she finishes buttering the garlic toast. Her yellow summer dress clings to her frame and accenting her wide hips. The dress is cut low, but it's the most conservative outfit she owns. Only a glimpse of her voluptuous cleavage is revealed. 

"Are you trying to dress more 'housewife' for my parents?" Joey asked with a slight laugh as he adds croutons to the salad. 

"Maybe, how do you think I look?" 

"Beautiful as usual. My mother will be pleased, but my father will be disappointed. He is a pervert you know." 

"So, that's where you get it," Susie replied as she playfully tosses a napkin at him. 

"Are you all unpacked?" 

"Yes, but we need new sheets and curtains. You want me to stay in your bed, right." 

"Absolutely, plus, it helps people believe our engagement. Tonight will be the start of sleeping together. Do you snore?" Joey asked with a giggle. He thinks, 'The last time we 'slept' together was the first time and only time so far in the changing room'. 

"Oh my god, no. I'm perfect. I don't snore. Do you?" 

"Guess, you will tell me tomorrow," laughed Joey. The doorbell rings. 

Halfway through Susie's spaghetti dinner, Mrs. Strong smiles and says, "The dinner is wonderful. Did you get it from that Italian restaurant around the corner?" 

"No, mother. Susie made it." 

"Impressive, it's splendid." 

"Thank you," Susie said accepting the compliment. 

Silence filled the air along with the aroma of the parmesan cheese for another five minutes before Joey's father decides to speak. 

"Are you all moved in, Susie?" inquired Mr. Strong. 

"Yes, sir." 

"And, Joseph, what are you kids doing this summer?" asked Mrs. Strong. 

"Susie is working at the Sport's Bar by HSU, and I am enrolled in two summer courses," answered Joey. "Plus, that network job in Pine Grove." 

"I know that Bar," stated Mr. Strong as he recalls the skimpy outfits. 

"I bet you do, dear," Mrs. Strong said placing her fork on her plate. "Susie, we saw your graduation gift on our way in your apartment building. The pink sedan looks super." 

"Oh my, yes," exclaimed Susie bouncing in her seat. "My parents completely surprised me." 

"So, what are you doing with the spare bedroom," questioned Joey's father. 

"I have a desk, and Susie has a treadmill." 

"Ha, I bet you can't study while Susie uses it," joked Mr. Strong. 

"Dear!" "Dad!" boomed Mrs. Strong and Joey in unison. 

"What? What," exclaimed Mr. Strong. "I meant, treadmills are loud." 

With the room silent and the awkwardness filling the air, Susie cleverly counters, "Yes sir, it can be loud, and the fact I run topless doesn't help." 

Joey's father's jaw falls to the table, and giggling slips from Mrs. Strong first, then Joey. 

"Wonderful answer Susie, you have him stunned." 

Lying in bed reading his book before bed, Joey feels the bed shift as Susie crawls over his legs. When he lowers the book, he catches just a glimpse of her bare crotch as she lifts her oversized shirt before sitting her thick rear on his crotch. Her knees are on either side of his waist. When Joey glances up at her, Susie is combing her long hair. 

"Thank you for meeting my parents tonight. They do like you." 

"Seriously, it was fun. I think your dad really likes me," remarked Susie combing her hair. 

"Agreed. You know this is the first time I have seen you without makeup since we were toddlers," Joey commented with a smile. 

"Do I still turn you on," Susie replied moving her firm butt over his crotch. 

"Oh god, yes." 

"Don't think you are going to fuck me every night." 

"Yes, Sweetheart. Should I expect you to sit on my lap every night?" 

"As if," Susie giggled. However, she still combs her hair and gently grinds on him. 

"You do know, teasing me, I can have you every night." 

"Seriously? You wish. You can have me, but I'll just lie there, or you can really have me," Susie insisted as her grinding pace increases. Her hands press on the bed next to his head as she leans closer to him. "When I say you can, it will be far more intense." 

Smiling, she looks him in the eyes and her plump ass is sliding over his crotch. Seconds after she leans over him, she senses his manhood growing inside his boxers. "I think I feel your answer, Joey." 

"Mmmm Hmm." 

"Do you want me to pull it out?" 

"Yesss, Please," exclaimed Joey. 

One hand slides down to where their private areas meet. Her long manicured fingers slide into his boxer's and grip his manhood. She withdrawal his stiff rigid instrument. As she raises up from his lap a minimum amount, his steel cock presses to her moist entrance. With gravities help and her adjusting flat on his lap, Joey's rock hard cock enters up into her passion. 

"Susie, you are amazing." 

When her eyes meet him, she leans over. The lovers close their eyes together as their lips connect. With parted lips, they kiss deeply. Inch by inch as their mouths increase the romantic passion, Joey's manhood is accepted further and farther into her love tunnel. Keeping their lips connected, Susie slowly grinds on his cock. Susie's up and down movement gives a slight bounce to her abundant chest. Her grinding moves her tightness over the entire length of his shaft. 

The two lovers leave on the single article of clothing each had on as the lovemaking continues. Joey wraps both his arms around Susie hugging her close to him. Susie has shifted from holding herself up on the palm of her hands to kneeling on her knees and elbows. With their tongues exploring each other's mouths, Joey presses his heels into the bed and raises his hips to increase the depth of his fucking. 

"Gentle Joey, it's deep," Susie moaned. 

"Nope, you're mine. I'm never letting go of you either." 

With his statement, Joey's arms tighten around her pulling her even closer. Feeling her vast chest in her shirt press into his bare chest, his excitement grows. He displays his excitement by raising and lowering his hips, more. 

Kisses her neck as she moans in his eyes, Joey drills his hips upward. Both hands move from her back to grasp her ample rear-end. With his hands holding her hips, he curls her body back and forth in opposite unison with his raising hips. As her moans increase, his pace increases. 

"Fuck!! OH Jesus," screamed Susie. "That's the spot." 

Hearing her exclamation of pleasure, Joey remains constant in his lovemaking. The only thing he changes is kissing her neck. Without thinking, he whispers in her ear. 

"Squeeze my cock, Susie. Make me feel you fucking cumming," breathed Joey in her ear. Holding her hips, he pistons her on his cock. "Susie, you're so fucking tight. 

Her breathing increasing and her body shaking, Susie is only able to moan, "Jo...EY!" 

"Yes! Yes! You're making me cum," said Joey holding his member deep in her. When his prostate empties, his seed spills inside her in long thick ropes. His pulsing continues for a few seconds before her legs collapse, and she lies on top of him. His dick is still inside her. 

"Joey, you came inside me, again." 

"I know, and this time you're staying right here with me," acknowledged Joey as his hands wrapped around her, again. 

"What if I'm pregnant?" 

"Then, you are. I believe our lovemaking should be natural." 

"True, so, you want to marry me?" 

"I would be happy too, and if you do become pregnant, it's nature telling us she agrees. You agree?" 

"Yep," Susie answered laying her head on his chest. As Joey tosses a blanket over Susie, the lovers fall asleep in each other's arms. 

In the morning, Joey wakes up lying sideways on the bed. His left arm is under Susie while his right lies on his side. When he moves the blanket down, he sees Susie is wearing just her shirt. After cumming together, they fell asleep. He is the first one to wake. 

Running his hand over the curve of her ass, his crotch responds. His cock starts to stiffen. Using only his right hand, he maneuvers his boxers down his legs and removes them with his toes. Easing his right foot between Susie's calves, he presses his right hand on her hip in an attempt to lay her on her back. The action works, and he uses his knee to spread her legs apart as he kneels over her. 

"Huh, wphhatt," Susie mumbles waking up. 

"Morning, Suz," Joey said kissing her neck. 

"What - What are you doing?" 

In a non-verbal response, he leans forward an inch allowing his stiff cock to slide over her pussy lips to her bush. Joey kisses her. His lips move to behind her earlobe as he gentle gives her a hickey. 

"Oh Joey," Susie exclaimed raising her hands behind his head. Her fingers interlace in his hair. "Mnnm, I can feel what you are doing. Horny?" 

"Yes, Suz. I need you. OK?" Joey begged as his cockhead locates her opening. Leaning forward to press his lips to her lips, he enters her. 

"Suz? New nickname for me?" 

"Yes. Like it?" 

"Mmm hmm," Susie replied biting her lip and leaning her head back in pleasure as her private place is invaded. 

"Our relationship has changed. We are special to each other, so," Joey added between his lips wrestling hers. "You're wet, Suz." 

"Oh gosh, it's for you, Bae." 

"Bae?" 

"Yep, deal with it," Susie joked as her lips curl up into a sexy smile. 

Lifting her left leg up with his right hand, Susie's love tunnel is mined to its bottom. Pressing her thigh closer to her chest, Joey leans over her smiling. Positioning himself properly on his knees, he is able to completely withdraw from inside her. Then, at a steady controlled speed, he drills back to the bottom. 

"You are all mine, and I am going to fuck you." 

With the warning expressed, Joey controls the action and increases their speed. As the two lovers enjoy each other passionately, the fucking increases. Between exploring each other's throat with their tongues, they breathe hard, deep, and rapidly. 

"Fuck, B-Bae... Fuck, you're ... all the way in me." 

Hearing her passionate moans and seeing the expression of enjoyment over her face, Joey lifts her other thigh. With her juicy ass raised off the bed and Joey kneeling up over her, he's able to drill harder. Only two minutes into the deep penetration session, both parties are about to climax, together. 

The quick pace thrusting is causing Susie's breasts to slam into her face. She only has one option to cup and holds herself steady. 

"Suz, Fuck, you're too tight." 

"Yes, Baby. Yes. Fucking cum inside me." 

"Suuuzz, jeez. Holding your tits is too...," belted Joey as he slams violently to her crotch. With his full length in her depths, his climax erupts. 

"Baby. Baabbbyy," Susie moaned with the cock at her womb entrance, and it spills lava inside. The hot liquid sensation mixed with the completeness of her man's pleasure tool stretching her tightness sends her over the edge. Her hands release her chest and grab his hair behind his head. She pulls his mouth to hers as her sweet spot shivers with her climax. 

2 

The following Saturday. 

Sitting on the couch playing the latest Call of Duty, Joey doesn't hear the apartment door open. Entranced in the game, he is deaf to Suzie calling out to him. Also, he even misses that they have guests. After he doesn't respond, she walks over to the couch. 

When she is standing in front of him blocking the game, he leans to the right to see the screen. With his eyes focused on the flat screen television, he moves his head around to the sides as Susie straddles his lap. 

Her skin tight jeans are molded to her frame. Therefore, when she kneels on either side of his lap the bottom adjusts with her body. The adjusting causes the low riding jeans to lower. With her black heels sticking off the couch, the round arches of her thick rumps are exposed. 

"BAE! Baby! Seriously?" 

"Hey, you're home. How was your orientation?" Joey asked trying to look at her. 

"Good, wait until you see me in my Boobers outfit," giggled Susie leaning down to kiss him. 

Hearing her mention the revealing outfit she will be wearing in public, snaps him out of his trance with the game. His eyes relocate from the screen to Susie. 

"I'm still not sure about that outfit." 

"Oh my god, Bae! They have security, and a house rule, 'No requests' on the property which includes the sealed parking garage where we enter and exit work." 

"Not that it matters to you, Susie," said the redheaded guest. "You have a marital ring." 

"Whatevs, it's still super they think of their girls." 

"Any chance you got another ring, stud?" inquired the redhead as she stands behind Joey. The redhead rubs her left hand on his cheek after asking. 

"Oh my god, you tramp," hissed Susie pushing the girl's hand off Joey. "Jessica, you're a tramp. No, he doesn't. Now, leave my man alone." 

Her arms wrap around both sides of Joey's neck as she leans closer to him. The new position makes her arms press her ample chest together and inches from Joey's face. 

"As if, calling me a tramp? I see why he asked you to marry him," Jessica replied with her eyes on Susie's breasts. 

"Seriously, we have been friends our entire life." 

"Umm, I think we should go. Maybe, we can study the menu another time," said the second guest. "Hi, I'm Zendra." 

Zendra reached her hand out to Joey. The two shook. Turning slightly to greet his guest politely, Joey noticed her smooth ebony skin, long jet black hair, and impressive rack. He smiled slightly and said, "Nice to meet you." 

"Dude, you're dead," commented Zendra. 

"Shit, thanks," Joey replied turning back to his game still trying to look around Susie. 

"Come on Jess," Zendra said turning to the apartment door. 

Finally, he is able to see when Susie stands to see her guests out. Joey hears a final, "Bye Stud," and a giggle as she slams the door. 

The red shorts must have been poured on her thick juicy ass as a liquid then cooled into clothing. The mold fits perfectly to the roundness of her rear-end. The liquid cooling can be the only answer to the creation of the shorts. However, the shorts didn't have enough liquid to mold over her entire butt. The shorts leave a minor hint of the bottom arch of her ass exposed. 

The sex appeal that the shorts have for an ass lover is what the white low cut shirt has for breast lovers. The shirt covers her shoulders with a white lace strap. The shirt stops just under her overdeveloped breasts revealing her mid-drift, and the low cut V-neck should be called a U-neck due to the amount of her breasts it reveals. The top displays cleavage and the top arch of her mounds. A red Boobers logo across the shirt completes the look. 

"This is your outfit for work?" 

"No silly, I wear stocking," commented Susie as she ran one hand on the upper half of her thigh. "And, the heels are for you, Bae. For work, I have white sneakers, duh." 

Joey's eyes move to her red 3-inch heels. As his eyes travel up her thighs, his ogling pauses at her crotch. Specifically, the camel toe the molded shorts are creating. With his eyes focused on her crotch, Joey says, "No panties?" 

"Yep, the stockings act like underwear I guess. Don't you think I would have a panty line in these shorts?" 

"Uh huh," Joey mumbled. 

She seems to enjoy the ogling since Susie decided to not change for the rest of the evening. She even sits at their dinner table eating dinner while Joey can't keep his eyes off her. She smiles every time she catches his eyes going from her chest to her eyes. She knows each time; he is hoping he isn't caught. 

"You should take a picture. It last longer." 

"Can I?" 

"Seriously, no pervert," Susie giggled with a smile. 

"What if I drove you to work?" 

"Nope, they won't let you in the garage." 

"Well, what if I was able to gain access to the garage, then, can I take you to work?" begged Joey as he finished his drink. 

"For heaven sakes, you that worried?" 

"Maybe," Joey acknowledged. 

"For two days work and only 4 hours a day, I can make two thousand dollars. That's good." 

"I know, but... If you feel comfortable there, so do I." 

"OK, whatevs," Susie replied rolling her eyes. "You get access. You can take me." 

"Thank you." 

"Let's add a bet." 

"What bet?" inquired Joey. 

"You lose, I get to go on a shopping spree. You win, you get a blowjob." 

"No." 

"No, seriously! Jeez, you just said no to a fucking blowjob." 

"I win, I get to fuck your tits while you suck my cock." 

"You fucking pervert," Susie exclaimed with a sexy smile on her face. "Deal." 

"Deal." 

"Just know, no one has fucked these," Susie beamed cupping and holding up both of her voluptuous breasts. 

Later that evening, Joey returns to the kitchen to retrieve a drink from the fridge. When he walks into the kitchen, he sees Susie leaning over the small kitchen island. Her heels seem to lengthen her thick thighs and display her monumental ass. With her leaning both elbows on the island and her back arched while she texts on her phone. The view turns Joey's dick rock hard instantly. 

Walking up behind her, she seems to not notice his presence or ignoring him due to her phone. He is able to kneel behind her and place both hands on her full rump. His hands cover just the middle of her butt. He slides his hands under her red shorts and lifts causing her to tip-toe on her heels. 

"What! Jo-ey," Susie exclaimed as her voice rose at the end of saying his name. Her shocked yelp made his name sound more like, 'Jo -we'. 
