 *Author Notes: This is a story I am working on that is actually a choose your own adventure story, and can be found here on Chyoo (a sister site to this one), where you can add new lines to the story if you wish. It is also Part 2 of Blowjob Universe, and would best be read with Part 1. Thanks guys.* 

*

You step through the door, and immediately everything goes black.

You hear a voice from far away

"Welcome to a world of complete throat degradation....

Where all your blowjob dreams come true...

Welcome David.... enjoy your stay..."

Right before you regain consciousness, a beautiful white horse appears before you.

"If you ever need help or want to change something about your fantasy heaven, my name is ABLE MASTER, say my name and I will gallop and come assist you...."

You crack your eyes.... there are blue skies above you. Well, that was fucking weird. A fucking horse to assist me? You brush off the weirdness.

You have a raging boner, like always.

You sit up. You are in the middle of a forest, and it appears to be Fall. The weather is not too cold or hot, it's perfect.

"Was it all just a dream?" You say out loud.

Looking down, you notice you still have sweatpants on. Upon further inspection, you have a good amount of spit around the top part of your pants.

Ahhh. Kristi. What a gagger. You smile. Maybe it wasn't a dream after all. This is Blowjob Heaven.

Standing up, you survey your surroundings. Off in the distance is a small cottage, and beyond that, a yellow brick road. You think you can see someone working the fields of the cottage.

Behind you, you think you can hear voices coming from the woods.

Impatiently, you set out for the cottage. Now that you think about it, you are extremely hungry, so the women in this universe better know how to make sandwiches! There is literally no end to your male chauvinist pig thoughts as you make a B line straight towards the tiny cottage.

The house is a classic tiny Nantucket style cottage, with smoke coming out of the chimney. Beautiful carnations are planted around the house along with an assortment of many more beautiful flowers. Dresses are hung out to dry on a line to the left of the house. You are far too stupid to notice any of this, and instead focus your gaze on the small girl using a hoe to turn up ground while gardening. 

"Heh. Hoe. Heh. A hoe using a hoe." 

You laugh to yourself. You are a dumbass. A dumbass with a raging hard-on.

"Excuse me LADY!" 

You wave to the woman, practically running at her. She has on what appears to be working clothes from the 1800s, like some sort of peasant. 

As you get closer, you see that it is a blonde girl wearing a blouse of some sort with cloth fastened by a leather belt round the waist, with a somewhat ragged dress. Despite the peasant, almost poverty like clothing, you see that it surrounds a very pretty young woman. Perky breasts and a shapely ass curve in the front and back of the ragged clothes. The girl is hott. Perfect.

The blonde looks up at you in surprise, and stops working in the garden 

"Moooooom! Moooooooom!" she races up into the house.

Dismayed, you start to walk up to the house. 

Before reaching the entrance an older version of the peasant girl, a 30 something blonde, walks out the front door.

"Oh my!" 

She crosses both hands across her chest. Beautiful blue eyes stare at you from a pretty, yet middle age face. You can tell that she is at the age where wrinkles are starting to appear, but not to the point where she has become unattractive. Dressed in ragged clothes similar to her daughter, there is still a good bit of cleavage that indicates a fine pair of tits.

The two of you stand facing each other in the doorway. She doesn't seem to take offense to your raging hard-on bulging out of your sweatpants. You break the silence with your idiotic demand.

"I'm hungry. I want food."

The hott older blonde smiles humbly.

"My name is Ms. Erickson. My daughter's name, (oh how rude of her not to introduce herself!) is Sarah."

She looks down at your cock, eyes widening. 

"Please, come in and help yourself to whatever you feel like. If you want to take a seat in our living room, I will make you a nice meal to eat sir."

She lowers her head and curtsies as you rudely walk by her into her house.

You walk in and plomp your ass on a wooden chair in the living room. You look around. Although it's nothing much to look at, it has a homey feeling. Definitely a comfortable little house.

"Where the FUCK is your daughter?!?!" 

You yell to Ms. Erickson impatiently. Fuck, whatever happened to male chivalry? Not in this universe.

You can smell food as Ms. Erickson starts to make you a meal in the kitchen. It's hard to stop thinking about Ms. Erickson's tits. They may not be super huge, but they were definitely big enough to fuck.

You think to yourself, Lady, I'm hungry but I also have other needs.

"SAAARRAAHHHH! SARAH GET IN HERE RIGHT THIS INSTANT!" 

Ms. Erickson's angry voice startles you. 

You can hear someone hurriedly run into the kitchen. In hushed tones, you can make out what sounds like scolding. Ms. Erickson is clearly not happy with whatever Sarah has done. You make out a few words.

"....so rude.....throbbing.....our guest....bad manners....not in this house...." 

Abruptly the scolding stops and Sarah leaves the kitchen, entering your room, walking up to you with her head bent, looking at the ground.

You admire her as your cock twitches in your sweatpants.

With curly, short blonde hair and blue eyes she appears to be a much younger, sexier version of her mother. Although her tits appear to be just a B cup, she has a perfect face with a cute pointy nose that curves slightly upwards. You notice it's very similar to that hot news anchor Meg Kelly from your favorite news network from when you were alive. Her firm ass rounds out the back of her peasant dress. 

You reach out and give it a slap, as Sarah jumps in surprise. Yeah. You are about to be king of this castle, you think to yourself.

"I'm so sorry for earlier sir." 

She sheepishly states.

"I need to work on my manners. I would just like to apologize...." 

She rolls her eyes. You decide you don't like this girl's attitude.

"Do something useful while your Mom makes me a sandwich" 

Luckily she is not that tall, and that gives you the ability to reach up and grab a handful of her blonde curly hair on the back of her head.

"Oooohh!" 

Sarah exclaims while getting grabbed, her head bent sideways from the force of you pulling it straight down.

Forcefully, you pull her face to your sweatpants where your cock rests, until she is on her knees, face pressed against the spot where Kristi so willingly coughed up your last ejaculation about an hour earlier.

Sarah, although clearly surprised by the force of your actions, looks angry yet unperturbed. Her angry face is kind of cute.

Lifting your ass up, you clumsily pull your sweatpants down so that your naked dick flops out directly against Sarah's face. 

Having not washed earlier, the smell of Kristi's dried spit and your old jizz fill the room with a musky, post-blowjob smell. 

Not bad for you, smells like victory.

Unfortunately for Sarah, you have both of your hands on the back of her head, with her nose pressed against the side of your shaft and deep into your gross balls. 

It wasn't that long ago that Kristi had her mouth at the base of your shaft, phlegm and spit oozing out of her throat and coating your testicles. The dirty muskiness of your ball sack fills Sarah's mouth and nostrils.

"MMMMmmmmmmffffffff!" 

Sarah tries to say something, but you keep her mouth pressed hard against your smelly junk to keep her quiet. Slowly, your dick is getting harder.

Sarah's hands go from her lap, to your knees, to your arms, back to her lap, finding no comfortable place to rest. Her two beautiful blue eyes stare at you with what appears to be disgust.

"Hey, not my fault, you didn't even offer me a shower lady. Bad Manners" 

"You do need to work on your bad manners honey!" says Ms. Erickson as she agrees from the kitchen.

Temporarily pulling her face back by her hair, your grab Sarah's tight ass with your other hand and re-position her body so that it is now leaning over the right side of the chair, with her face directly over your cock. This way, you can have her mother bring you food from the front while you impale her daughter's mouth from your right side. 

Everyone wins!

During the re-adjustment, Sarah starts taking huge breaths of air, savoring the fact that her nose isn't being smothered by your balls anymore. 

"uhg, uhg, your balls smell so fucking bad" She whines as she spits on the floor.

Never letting go of the back of her head, you position your other hand underneath Sarah's neck to get the best grip for what you are about to accomplish.

Head held directly over your 6 inch cock, tight little body curved over the side of the chair, you line up your cock to Sarah's mouth. The armrest she is now crouched over is pressed tightly into her stomach, pulling her blouse down her chest and exposing more of her cleavage. Your veiny dick stands to attention directly below her closed, pretty lipped mouth. Her big blue eyes look at you from the side of her face almost begrudgingly as you slowly push your raging cockmeat past her pretty, lipstick-less lips.

You grunt in pleasure like a caveman as your angry knob enters her warm face pussy.

"Are you a natural born cocksucker Sarah?" You ask her loudly.

"Does your mom suck man meat like you do?"

"Can you take a rough throat fucking?"

Sarah tries to nod her cute little head yes, but your vice like grip on her head prevents any meaningful form of motion.

Starting out slowly, you start pumping your cock into her mouth as you feel your dickhead meet the back of her throat. Increasing your pace, you cock head starts punches the back of her throat roughly, but not as roughly as you throatfucked Kristi.

Saliva starts running down your shaft, flowing down your balls as you thrust slowly in and out of the beautiful peasant girl's mouth. You look at her blue "I swallow" eyes which bore into you with an "I can barely breathe" look.

Wishing you had some dumb skateboarding shows to watch while face fucking this dumb blonde, you state loudly

"Gosh, you two are so poor you don't even have a television? You guys are fucking pathetic." 

You are a real asshole.

"gggTlarbbbllleeeee" comes the noise out of Sarah's mouth. (Translation: What is a television?)

Slowly, methodically, you push Sarah's head down until her mouth is planted tightly around the base of your shaft like a suction cup, your shaft taking up every ounce of space in her big mouth. You can feel the head of your cock squeezed into the middle of her throat. 

Holding her head down with both hands, there is an occasional "GACK" noise made as Sarah coughs and chokes on your meat rod, causing more spit to rush down your balls. Sitting on the edge of the chair out of sexual excitement, your balls are now dripping precum and saliva pretty steadily, making a large pool of spit forming on the floor.

"...GACK!"

Spit rushes down your balls to the floor.

"......GACK!"

Spit rushes to the floor.

"....GACK!"

You feel her soft, pretty curly hair as your cock throbs with pleasure every time her throat constricts around your jumbo blow toy. Her warm spit is now running around your balls and you can feel it reaching your asshole, making the seat a sticky mess. Every inch of your dick feels amazing in her mouth.

Her hands grip your legs hard as she struggles to maintain your level of abuse as you keep your shaft planted in her throat. You aren't surrendering one inch to her. She struggles to breath out of her nose.

"OH SHIT TITS YES!" 

You scream in ecstasy while trying to reap all of the pleasure you can from this very moment.

In a blast of heavenly lust, you can feel your cock start to expand as the jizz starts boiling in your testicles. Excitedly Ms. Erickson enters the living room with the sandwich she was making David, as well as a plate full of eggs, sausage and mashed potatoes. 

She took notice of her daughter's reddening face and pleading eyes looking up from a stream of glistening saliva dripping off of her guest's balls.

Ms. Erickson smiled, strutting her perfect ass in front of David while beaming, ever excited to be presenting a man with food and having her daughter help too. Considering the lifestyle of her and her daughter, the heaping mass of food on the plate for David was quiet the generous donation to a total stranger.

"I'm so glad Sarah could make up for her rude behavior earlier! But my my, he sure is being rough with poor Sarah...." She thought to herself. 

"Look at the amount of phlegm being coughed out of my poor daughter's mouth! How long as she been gagging? Men are so aggressive when they are horny!"

_____________________________

David looked up and, through his haze of lust, saw Ms. Erickson standing directly in front of him with a huge plate of food. In the world of pleasure he currently caught up in, he had not even noticed her enter the room. The only thing that mattered was keeping this daughter's head down as she gagged on his cock.

Despite being extremely hungry earlier, his dumbass mind was only capable of one though at a time, ESPECIALLY when all of the blood in his body has been redirected to his bulging, inflated member, lodged up her daughters throat. He needed to cum, and Ms. Erickson was being a distraction. He didn't like that. With a swing of his hand, he knocked the plate out of the middle aged woman's hands.

"ON... KNEES...MS. WHORE" he managed to get out. "BURY... FACE... UNder...my balls.....!"

Ms. Erickson let out a loud gasp at the complete disrespect shown to the meal, surveying her food scattered across the floor. She slowly backed up in complete disgust, then, with a pouting look on her face, sunk to her knees in front of David.

"I just made you a complete meal!" 

The middle aged woman pouted, her similar blue eyes large and disappointed, perky tits pointing directly at you. 

"Aren't you hungry anym-"

"Gack!" Sarah's choking noise interrupted her mom as more spit rushed out of her mouth, down his shaft and around David's wrinkly balls.

"CRAWL!" David yelled, and pointed, directing his wanton lust.

Crawling on all fours, Ms. Erickson submissively moved close enough to David to position herself underneath his balls, the front of her knees dipping in the thick puddle of saliva made from her daughters throat sodomy. From underneath David she peered up at him, her beautiful and weathered face showing a clear look of disappointment. 

"GACK!" Spit and precum rushed out of her daughter's mouth and dripped all over Ms. Erickson's chin and cleavage, crouching beneath the throat clogging going on above her. Getting over her brief signs of humiliation and regret, her eyes glazed over as she opened her mouth in submissive desire.

Pulling his balls up, David plopped them directly above the mother's cute nose, smashing his disgusting sack against her cheek bones and revealing his slobber soaked taint to her mouth. Instinctively Ms. Erickson started sucking hard on David's taint as he reached with his hand to grab both women's heads by their curly blonde hair.

Only inches apart, Mother and daughter eyes met and looked into one another as Sarah choked once more, spit rushing onto Ms. Erickson and landing on her pretty face in glossy film. Ms. Erickson couldn't help but notice her daughter was starting to go cross-eyed from having her throat stuffed for so long.

David couldn't take it anymore - His jizz started to rise up into his shaft with a massive vengeance.

"Yeah, Ms. WHORE! Eat my TAINT while your daughter gags on my meat pole! Lick my asshole! Dig your tongue in there, MS. ERICKSON! Bury that pretty face in my BALLS...You girls really know how to give a guest a good time!" 

David was pretty sure Ms. Erickson, despite the humiliation of being buried underneath him, smiled when given this compliment.

Lost in cum lust, David's jizz started shooting up into his erection. Grabbing both women's heads with wreck less abandon, David violently started face-fucking Sarah as she coughed up the results onto his balls and her mother's face. The rest of the spit splashed onto Ms. Erickson's tits and legs.

Separated by nothing but a gooey coated pair of testicles, both of the women's faces were turned into one big slobber-sandwich as blowjob fluids pasted the women's curly blonde bangs to their foreheads.

Submissively working her mouth while on her knees, burying her nose deeper into David's taint while tongue probing, Ms. Erickson's eyes closed as they were coated in wave after wave of cum and her daughter's gagged-up phlegm.

David was witnessing one of the most beautiful yet sick things he had ever seen.

"GACKGACKGACKGACKGACKGACKGACK!" 

Came the noise from Sarah as he thrust violently into her mouth, as fast as he could

"MMMMMFFFFFFFF!" 

Came the noise from her mother, as he pressed her face hard against the back of his cum sack.

Thrusting his hips violently, his ball sac smacked against both of the women's faces as his cock started to shoot thick, smelly jizz into the back of Sarah's throat.

"Sarah-mmmmmmmmmmfff- Sarah don't pass out my dear, we have to please our-mfffmmmmfff- guest don't you embarrass mmfmmmfff" 

Ms Erickson moaned to her daughter, unable to open her eyes from the large amount of white sticky fluid pouring onto her face.

"GACK-but mummm-GACK!"

Lost in the joy of climax, unaware of his actions, David let his balls slip underneath Ms. Erickson's chin, revealing her entire face to his shaft and her daughter. Still pushing the back of Ms. Erickson's head upwards, Mother and daughter's faces collided hard simultaneously as David climaxed and shot his final load into the back of Sarah's mouth. Spit strands hung from both women as they separated.

"ahhhhhh! Ahhhhh! YESSSS! uh! uh! UH!" David moaned as he finished his upward thrusts. 

"Gckk" Sarah coughed and gagged on the last of David's cum, causing it to leak out of the sides of her mouth and coat her mother for the last time.

David released both women, unaware of his surroundings.

Sarah collapsed onto her back on the floor, sucking in oxygen through her mouth, unable to use her nose because it was stuffed with so much jizz and precum.

"ohh goosshhhh" 

Her Mom, only three feet away, remained sucking on David's balls, cleaning up her daughter's throat mess, despite the fact that her face was covered in both David and Sarah's disgusting body fluids.

After a period of lying down and recovering, Ms. Erickson, ever the tidy one, stood up, straightened the top of her spit soaked (Thanks to her messy daughter!) blouse, and started wiping the jizz out of her eyes.

David, still sitting in the chair, had already started to snore from being fast asleep.

"Sarah, when oxygen reaches your brain and you stop being cross eyed, please make a bed for our guest tonight here in the living room, thank you dear." 

And with that, Ms. Erickson left the living room and went outside to work in the garden.

______________________________________

For the next few days you hang around the house and let the two women serve you.

Despite there being no television or dumb skateboarding shows, there is still plenty of entertainment provided by the mother and daughter duo.

Ms. Erickson enjoys serving you food constantly, and you find that her cooking is extremely tasty, especially when you have shoved her daughters head down your fuckstick while you eat. In fact, not once do you enjoy Ms. Erickson's fine dining without forcing a sloppy blowjob from her daughter. After the 2nd night she lets you move from the guest bed to her own, where Ms. Erickson is more than happy to slobber all over your knob every morning and night. Soon your cumstains start to turn her white bed sheets yellow.
