 "...as she adjusts her outfit. Standing in her white high heels, she looks amazing. The transparent blouse is tied just under her vastly ample chest. With her mountainous chest lifted and on display through the top, her HH breasts are a perfection of art on display." 

Copyright © 2018 by Henry C. Roberts. All Rights Reserved. 

Copyrights: 

This story is written, authored, and copyright owned by, Author, Penname Henry C. Roberts. This is a complete work of fiction. 

Except what is permitted by the US Copyright Act of 1976, No part of this story or art can be written, reproduced, copied, or stored in a sharing database, or shared without prior written consent of the author. 

This story is a work of fiction: Names, character, places, location (websites), and ideas are products of the author's imagination. If anything resembles anything actual, it is by coincidence and solely used fictitiously. All characters are fictional and over 18 years of age. 

Disclaimer: 

This story is for Adults Only. If you are underage, exit now. This book contains graphic language and scenes of sexual acts. All characters portrayed are over the age of 18 years old. All sexual acts are consenting. This story may portray scenes of intercourse, voyeur, hand, and Fellatio. 

Thank you for reading and leaving a review. 

Scientists say, 'there are Universes with planets that resemble Earth'. Furthermore, existence is composed of an unknown multitude of Universes. So, it's easy to hypothesis, this world does exist. 

Society Law One: "Every female of adult age and single must agree to the request for sexual encounters from any male of adult age and single." 

Society Law two: "Any sexual encounter of a male with a single female, as long as lawfully requested, results in impregnation. The male and female will be wed by law." 

A Different World Part Three 

1 

Joey stands in the kitchen looking out to the living room and the table in the breakfast nook area. The Strong family has been in their new house for a month, and today is the first family gathering. Today is Joey's twenty-first birthday. 

He watches Mrs. Power bounce sixteen-month-old Little Joe on her knee with his mother sitting on the couch next to them. His mother keeps talking baby talk to her little grandchild. Sitting in his recliner is Sophia, Susie's sister. She is staring at her phone texting and has earbuds in her ears. At the table in the breakfast nook, both grandfathers are working on consuming their second piece of his birthday cake. 

As Joey leans on the counter in the corner of the kitchen, his wife, Susie steps in front of him. Her arms wrap around him in a hug. After a moment, she separates with a box in her hand. Holding the box out to Joey, He takes the box and lowers one hand to her protruding belly. 

"How are you, momma?" 

"I'm fine. Relax. You worry too much. Open my present." 

Leaning down kissing Susie's belly, Joey ignores her demand for him to open his present. Continuing to rub her belly through her summer dress, he says, "And, how is daddy's little girl?" 

"She's fine. Now, open your present, daddy," commands Susie. 

"Hmm, Daddy. Me like," Joey replies as he opens the box. A smile grows on his face as Susie rolls her eyes at him. "Baby, the watch I wanted. You're too good to me." 

"Just remember that on our second anniversary," reminds Susie as she kisses his lips. Leaning closer to his ear, she whispers, "I have another present for you tonight." 

"Oh really? A new outfit?" 

"Nope, my anal virginity," whispers Susie. 

"Your...," Joey starts to comment but his mouth and brain quit working "Seriously? You sure? It's safe?" 

"Oh my god, yes and yes." 

"I have a present for you," Joey states wrapping his arms around her. He presses his lips to her lips for a passionate kiss. Then, reaching into his pocket he pulls out a ring. He takes her right hand and slides it on her ring finger. 

"What's this?" 

"My second Marital Ring. I received it earlier, today." 

"Why give it to me?" asks Susie. 

"We are one. I want this to be our decision, not just mine." 

Hugging him and pulling his ear to her mouth, Susie kisses his cheek. Then, she whispers, "Sophy will be eighteen in six months." 

"You want your mother to kill me?" asks Joey glancing at the recliner and his sister-in-law, the overdeveloped blond already dressing overly provocative. 

"Jo-ey, you will be helping her like you helped me. Look at her, she's hotter than me." 

Joey had never really looked at his wife's sister, but now, being directed to, he observes her appearance. She always has her hair in ponytails, but he notices how her blond hair accents her face. He has to admit, she is beautiful. As his eyes move down, he thinks, 'Her bikini top shows a larger bust than Susie.' When she stands, her mesh covering doesn't hide her small waist, and her bottom reveals her thick bottom half. He knows Sophia is shorter than Susie, but she might just be curvier. 

"It's up to you, Dear," Joey says kissing her lips. "So, you'll take the brunt of the anger from your mother, right?" 

"Nope," giggles Susie turning and walking away with a smile on her face. 

Joey leans on the kitchen counter and watches his birthday party continue. Even Zack seems to be having fun. Sitting in a chair with Tiffany on his lap, Zack rubs her belly from behind. Tiffany is due with Zack's first baby three months after Susie. Joey still can't believe he is married to Susie, and his last birthday present is still to come. 

2 

When he comes walking out of the bathroom, Joey finds Susie lying on their bed in a loose white lace teddy. It seems to be close to the lingerie she wore under her wedding dress. Her white heels seem to match his memory of their wedding night, too. He smiles crawling on the bed and sitting next to her. 

"You are gorgeous," comments Joey as he kisses her. 

"I know," giggles Susie. "Why do you have boxers on? Remove them." 

Joey did as he was commanded. When he lies back close to her, her fingers wrap around his hardening member. As she strokes his manhood, he stiffens in her hand. The two lovers kiss for a minute. 

"How are we going to do this?" 

"You're going to stick your dick in my ass, duh." 

"I understand the logistics," comments Joey, "However, I am not sure how exactly." 

"Well, first, we need lube, and you have to help me get ready," Susie says moving to stand up. She heads to the bathroom and returns with baby oil. "Come sit on the couch," 

Again, Joey does as he is told. He stands and moves to the cushioned loveseat with short legs. When Joey takes a seat, the couch makes his knees bend at a ninety-degree angle, but he stretches his legs out and his heels rest on the floor. Once settled, Susie straddles his thighs and hands him the baby oil. 

Her feet hang off the couch on either side of him, and due to the couch's size, she is able to kneel and adjust easily. With her knees pressed into the couch on the side of Joey's thighs, Susie kneels on Joey's lap. With her teddy removed, she is naked like Joey except she still has on her white heels. 

"You need to use the baby oil and your finger to prepare my ass." 

"Makes sense," replies Joey as he drips baby oil on her thick plump rear. "Rub it all over, too?" 

"Yes, Dear." 

Susie leans down and presses her lips to his as she feels his hands rub the oil over her rear. His hands seem to be going everywhere but her asshole. With her ass getting cold, she thinks, 'He just wants my entire butt to glisten'. 

"You have to loosen my asshole, too. Dear." 

"Oh, yeah. Sorry, I was just...," Joey says trailing off unable to say he was playing with her immense derrière. 

When his glistening finger moves to her tight virgin anus, he drips more baby oil on his finger and her hole. He feels the oil drip down on his crotch. He smiles feeling his finger slowly enter her tight hot hole. 

"I think I'm using too much oil." 

"Well," Susie replies. "Are you making a mess?" 

"Yes, sweetie. I feel it dripping everywhere." 

"Easy with your finger, Bae. With my virgin ass, I think more lube is good. Plus, you have to be gentle." 

"I will," Joey giggles as his finger starts to move out of her hole before returning back inside. "Your ass is so tight baby. You are too good to me." 

"I know," answers Susie between kisses. 

"Are we going to try my cock in this position?" 

"Yes, but not yet. Take your time." 

After using his index and middle finger on both hands while making-out with his wife, Joey decides to try two fingers. He lubes her butthole, more. Then, when his index finger moves outward, he joins his middle finger with it as he enters her exit tunnel, again. 

"JO-EY," Susie exclaims. Her breathing increases as she moans deeply. "Shit! Gentle. Go Slow." 

He follows her orders as her ass slowly accepts the larger intruder. Hearing her passionate moaning and her heavy breathing, Joey feels his cock grow rock hard underneath her crotch. When his rigid member pokes her crotch, he feels her entrance open to accept him. 

"Jo-ey! I never said both holes." 

"Shit, Susie. It just happened. Like it?" 

"Kind of, but go slow." 

"You move," orders Joey. 

Susie follows his order and slowly lifts her body. As she slowly takes his cock in her pussy, Joey fingers her ass to a matching pace. The two lovers continue like this for a few minutes until Susie raises high enough for his dickhead to almost fall out. 

Joey lowers his hand from her ass, and he grips his cock withdrawing it completely from inside her. He shifts it up towards her backdoor. When he pulls his finger from her exit, he presses his hard wet cock to her virgin asshole. When Susie lowers down slowly, his cock head stretches her tight hole. 

"Is that your cock in my ass?" 

"Mmm hmm," Joey moans in response. 

"Fuck! Joey! It feels too big." 

"You're controlling the pace. Just lower down when you can," Joey replies. 

As he senses her take his head anally, he feels bit more of his dick enter her. He places both hands on her juicy rear-end. As he massages her butt, he stretches her cheeks apart. Figuring this could help her accept his rigid tool deeper; he continues the massaging and stretching. More of his manhood enters her tight non-virgin exit. When Joey feels her stop, he takes the baby oil from the nightstand and drips lube down her ass crack. 

"Baby, I think you have more than half of it in your ass." 

"Awe, shit! Really?" Susie giggles. "Guess my ass isn't virgin anymore." 

"No, Dear. Thank you for my birthday gift." 

"You're welcome. I bet you want to fuck my ass, now." 

With a smile on his face, Joey lowers his hips down. As he shifts back up, he feels his cock enter her lubed anal passage, again. The two lovers kiss as the ass fucking continues. When fucking her ass seems to be improving, Joey gets an idea. 

"Want to change position?" 

"What do y-," is all Susie says before feeling the invading monster withdraw completely from her ass. With a swift movement, Joey turns and Susie finds herself lying on her back on the couch. 

"Like this," Joey beams smiling down at his overdeveloped wife. "This OK?" Joey asks kneeling between her spread thighs. Susie's white heels are pointing to the ceiling on either side of him. 

"I guess, but you better be easy." 

"Yes, Dear." 

With his cock entering inside her lubricated asshole, he is encouraged by her ability to accept him. He starts to slide in and out of his wife's ass. After a minute, they are both breathing hard. Joey smiles seeing Susie bite her lip in passion and enjoyment. He has another idea. Leaning to the nightstand, he pulls out her hand-held vibrator. 

"Think this will feel good?" Joey asks leaning up and placing the vibrating toy on her clitoris. 

"Ohh, Jo-EY! Hmmm, it does feel nice. You aren't trying to get me to cum while you fuck my ass. Are you?" 

"Maybe," Joey answers resuming his intrusion into her tight arse. 

"Mmmm, You're bad. This isn't going to be a normal thing. This is special." 

"I know. Thank you." 

Joey leans over her. When his lips press to her nipple, he starts thrusting faster. The vibrating is felt on his midsection as his cock is wrapped in the warm tightness of her bottom. He continues to slide in and out of her. It takes another minute before he knows he is beyond stopping. When he hears her moaning increase and sees her move her head back as she bites her lip, Joey hopes his wife is about to cum, too. 

"Susie, I'm close." 

"Bae, me too. A little more." 

"Ok...OK," Joey replies. "I'll try." 

"Joey...Joey." 

"Oh god, Susie! I'm cumming in your ass." 

"Joey...Joey," Susie moans as her body shivers. Feeling her inexperienced butthole take his seed, send her over the edge. Susie wraps her arms around him and pulls him close to her. "Joey, me too." 

3 

Zack lifts the 210lb steel bar off his chest and racks the weight on the bench press machine. Finishing his second set he sits up trying to catch his breath. 

"Your turn." 

Joey takes his place and starts his set. As he lifts the weight up in the air, he says, "Have you thought about a second wife?" 

"Shit, no. Since I have a second ring, I get to 'try' out new wives." 

"Really?" 

"Hell yes! Look it up, College Boy," Zack exclaims as he helps Joey rack the bar. "Why?" 

"Susie has an idea who to give my next ring, too." 

Laughing, Zack says, "I bet some ugly girl, so she can be number one." 

"Nope, her sister." 

"She has a sister? Really?" 

"Yeah, you met her. The blond girl at my party, Sophy," reminds Joey. 

"No fucking way. The blond with bigger tits, wider hips, and an ass that makes your wife's look normal. No fucking way." 

"Yep." 

"You lucky fucking bastard. That's it, I'm kicking your ass," Zack booms stepping around the bench. He playfully raises his fists in a fighting stance. "Come on, Bitch." 

"This is serious. Quick fucking around." 

"Awe, you poor baby. You get to have the two hottest girls in the world as your wives, and they're sisters. Poor little thing," Zack teases in a baby voice. 

"And when their mother kills me, I bet you will do your friendly duty and look after my two wives." 

With a joker size smile on his face, Zack says, "You have to stay alive for two years. Then, I turn twenty-five." 

"Ass!" 

After finishing their upper body routine, Zack and Joey head to the locker room. Their path to the locker room takes them to the yoga studio. Tiffany and Susie are just finishing as the guys pass by the studio. Susie heads to Joey and wraps her arms around his head pulling him to her for a kiss. 

"You cleaning up?" asks Susie. 

"Yep, you girls all done. Ready to leave?" 

"Hell yes! This yoga shit wore me out before I got pregnant. Now, I don't know how you do it," Tiffany comments glancing at Susie. 

"Maybe you need more bouncing workouts at home, Babe," Zack says making a humping motion. 

"Pervert," replies Tiffany. 

After chatting, the couples head to their respective locker rooms. Prior to entering the locker room, Joey glances at his wife. Her yoga outfit seems glued to her swollen pregnant shape. The pants accent her thick thighs and juicy ass. Completing the outfit, she has on blue sneakers and a sports bra. The sports bra she has on barely contains her growing breasts. Her cleavage is spilling over the top. 

When Joey enters the locker room, he walks around the corner to the lockers. Zack is changing his shirt and staring at the two girls sitting on the bench in the room. Following Zack's stare, Joey views the girls closer. The fact both girls are giving a blowjob registers in his brain. 

Occasionally glancing at the two girls, Joey changes his outfit. The redhead girl is giving oral to an older gray-haired man who seems to be taking long steady strokes. However, the black hair girl seems to be struggling as her younger man pistons his member at an increased rate. 

After pulling up his pants and sliding his shirt over his head, Joey hears the young man moan. Hearing a gagging sound at the same time, he can guess what is happening. The younger man moans out loud, "Fuck" as Joey turn around to witness him exploding in the young girl's mouth. 

Seems like a domino effect with the blowjobs. Just after the younger man finishes, the older gray-hair man is finishing in the redhead's mouth. The first girl gains the ability to speak and speaks for both girls. 

"Jerks, you said, 'we will fuck you after a little head.' But, you made us swallow your seed." 

"Damn, girl. I had no idea you would suck so good." 

"Give me a second, I can go again," acknowledges the gray hair man. "That huge boob pregnant girl doing yoga has my vitamins kicking in big time." 

As Zack and Joey walk out the locker room. Zack smiles and nods his head to the old guy. The older man is taking the hand of the redhead and walking into a toilet stall. 

"Your wife still has it, Lucky Fucker." 

4 

Three months pass... 

Susie sits in a rocker holding baby Neveh in her arms. With her dress's straps untied, the top of her dress can be lowered to her lap. As the baby nurses, Susie smiles at Sophy and continues their conversation. 

"Sophy, I love having you visit all the time. What if we can make it more permit and help you?" asks Susie. 

"Yeah, you guys are great, and I love seeing my nephew and niece, but you guys don't have to give me money. I started working at your old job, Boobers." 

"Sophy, I didn't mean money. I meant you live with us." 

"Susie, I would be in the way. This is your house." 

"And, I want it to be your home, too. When you turn eighteen, you can accept Joey's second Marital Ring," states Susie. 

"Fuck, Sis. He's your husband. I am your sister. I can't be with your husband." 

"Sophy, relax, oh my god. I didn't mean sex. I meant how he helped me. Joey gave me his first ring to ensure I would not get hundreds of sexual requests." 

"That's why he gave you his ring?" Sophia asks lowering her voice. 

"Well, keep it our secret, but yes. At first, he was helping me, but we fell in love." 

"I don't know. It feels weird. What if things change with Joey and me? What if we actually get married?" 

"Well, he will have more wives, most likely. And, me having my best-friend and sister as my first sister-wife sounds good. I love the idea of going through life with you, sis. Do you?" asks Susie. 

"Duh, of course!" booms Sophia. "I feel the same, but I still don't know." 

"It's mainly to help you from not being asked by every guy in the world for favors. Think about it," explains Susie. As Susie switches Baby Neveh to her other breast, her just nursed breast drips a small amount of milk. Susie's breasts have to be twice their normal size when swollen full of milk. "Sophy, don't forget. You're watching the kids tonight. Tonight is our second anniversary." 

"I know. I'm staying. I figured I would stay in the guest room, right?" 

"Yeppers. Can be just your room," giggles Susie smiling at her little sister. 

Joey holds his wife's hand as they walk into the restaurant for their anniversary dinner. As Joey holds the door open for Susie, he smells her sweet rose perfume and his eyes roam over Susie's amazing outfit for the night. 

She chose a new full-length red dress. The dress seems to be tailor-made to fit her long legs. Also, her black four-inch high heels accent her full juicy rear-end and make her legs look firm and long. The full-length dress hugs Susie's firm returned figure, but the perfection of the dress stops at her bust. The dress' low V-neck slit almost completely bares Susie's breasts. With her chest swollen, the amount of cleavage spilling from the dress creates a Grand-Breast canyon. 
