 Hey, guys. Been writing non-sexy stuff but love how many people are reading my couple things! Please leave me a comment! Let me know what I could do better or what I do wrong, I need it! Anyway, hope you enjoy! Some great ideas about this story's future swimming around my mind.

+++++++++++++++++

I awoke the next morning disoriented.

I thought it was due to the sex the night before, but, upon attempting to rub the sleep out of my eyes, I discovered my arms were bound above my head.

Straining against the limitations of my own limbs, I looked up and saw my wrists tied together with a leather thong through the ring fixture on the pole. It seemed I was right to suspect it would be used to restrain me, but rather as a punishment. I could not think of what I had done wrong, however.

I sat naked on the floor in a sticky puddle of my own juices, alone in the cold bedroom. My dress lay on the floor, the only evidence of the prior night's encounter; any trace of the Master absent.

I tested my bonds, the effort futile. I would have to wait until someone came for me.

As I waited, feeling returned to me. My pussy started to ache a little, the soreness recalling the Master's intense treatment. It begged me to massage it, like a spurned itch growing to make it unignorable. I squirmed on the floor trying to brush my thighs against it to relieve it but it still wasn't enough. 

I knocked my head against the pole, frustrated. I won the battle against my Master, but he controlled the war. It would be no matter, I had accomplished what I intended to.

Voices traveled down the hallway, my Master's boisterous tone negotiating with a monotone note growing louder as they neared my room. The footsteps stopped outside my door, a tinkle of metal precipitating a key being inserted into the lock.

I frowned, disappointed yet again.

The tumbler turned and the door opened, my Master's wife brushing past him to glare at the mess that I was. She checked the thong for any wear, while I tried my best not to look at her. My Master stood by the door, visibly uncomfortable though he smiled at me. I smiled back at him meekly, relieved this did not seem to be his doing directly. 

She examined my fingernails and jerked my head toward her so she could check my eyes, dropping my head harshly against the pole when she finished.

My Master stepped forward, his courage reemerging.

"Now, Collie, you see all is well. There is no need for this."

Her eyes cut to his, angered by his challenge. She dug a hand into my scalp and pulled my hair hard, eliciting a sharp yelp of pain from me. 

"Damn you, man. You care for this whore so much already?" 

She stabbed her fingers into my pussy, quickly retracting them and slapping me across the cheek. I cried out at the sting, ducking my chin into my chest to shrink away from her.

"All is well, Frore! Look at your handiwork!" she said, spreading her fingers to show him the sticky fluid webbed between her fingers.

My Master strode between us to stop her abuse. The Mistress backed away but the scowl and look of hatred remained on her face.

"Collie! Get out you, horrible woman. Marie doesn't deserve this. Get out!" he cried, crouching down to rub my cheek.

She stormed out of the room, the cold morning air leaving with her.

My master wiped the cum and fluid from my face with a handkerchief, apologizing profusely all the while.

"My poor, Marie! I cannot stand that vile creature some times. I will not allow her to harm you in my presence again, I promise you this!"

"Of course, Master. Thank you, Master. May I be set loose, now?"

My wrists burned from the throttling I received from the Mistress, compounding the strain of how ever many hours I was tied up overnight.

He undid the tight knot holding the thong holding my hands above me and carefully massaged my wrists when I was freed.

"There, there, dear," he said, as I struggled to get to my feet with his aid. "It was merely a precaution. We have always heard the legends about what happens to a Daemon after she has had her fill."

He smiled awkwardly. 

"It is uncanny how similar you are to us, thus far. But simultaneously, pleasant. Let's get you washed up, Marie. It was careless of me to leave you in such a state, despite the legends."

I was grateful to hear I would be bathed, despite the bizarre chaos of the morning. Back home, bathing was a rare activity I had always looked forward to. Now was especially the case, unaware of how dirty the Master had made me. Dried sweat coated my skin and the smell of our tryst was all about me.

My Master had me wrap a towel around myself out of decency for the servants we'd pass on the way to the bathing room. 

Several tubs lined the far wall, each angled underneath metal faucets protruding from the wall. I was amazed by their sizes, realizing each member of the family had one. I saw no extra for myself or the servants.

"Which shall I use, Master?"

He turned the faucet above the largest tub in the corner, a torrent of water gushed into the tub, the steam rising into the air after a few moments.

"You shall use mine. Go ahead and get in while I get the soap."

I nodded and dropped the towel to the floor, gingerly stepping into the tub. The hot water was a relief from the chill of my nudity. I sunk in, luxuriating in the the flowing water as it quickly filled the tub to my shoulders.

The Master returned with the soap, pouring it into the tub before shutting off the water. He smiled down at me before gesturing for me to come to him. 

I scooted to the rim of the tub and looked up at him. He had rolled up his sleeves before getting the soap, intent on bathing me himself. He got to his knees and dipped a rag into the soapy water, and then wiped it against my back. 

He was thorough in washing me, covering every inch of me with soap, getting into every crevice and fold of my body. If I had not just had sex with the man, I would have felt uncomfortable, but I was merely a pampered pet under his care. Beside the extensive amount of effort he put into ensuring my butt was clean; it was not just an excuse to run his hands over my body.

"Beautiful, Marie. Dry yourself off over here. I'll empty the tub."

I stepped out of the tub, accepting a towel from my Master as he leaned over and pulled the plug from the tub. I watched the water swirl down the drain as I dried myself off. I threw my hair forward to wrap it in a towel, noticing my Master's eyes upon me as I raised my head.

"Did I miss something you said, Master?" I asked.

He shook his head. "No, Marie. I was contemplating our relationship."

My eyebrows raised at that, the topic seeming strange as I stood before him wearing nothing but a pair of towels.

"I am your slave, Master. Am I not?"

He chuckled at my clarification.

"You are, of course. But I was thinking about how comfortable I feel with you. We have only met yesterday and I could believe you have been in my service a countless many days."

He shook his head again, dismissing the point. "Bah, don't mind me. Let's get you dressed. I must be off soon."

"Of course, Master," I responded, unsure how else to.

We returned to my room and the Master let me choose my own clothes while he watched me put them on. 

I slid the soft panties up my legs and adjusted them to comfort, mindful of my Master's eyes beholding the act. I looked back at him and smiled, claiming ownership of the tease.

He looked as if he wanted to rush upon me, but he only checked his pocket watch with a great deal of self restraint, so I put on a skirt and blouse discreetly.

Upon his approving inspection, I was released for the day, though he asked me to eat breakfast with his sons downstairs.

"I will do so immediately, Master. They are curious, aren't they?"

He beamed, holding the door open for me.

"They certainly are! Perfect heirs to my press, I am assured by their devotion to knowledge. I hope you have a diverting effect on them. A different perspective on life."

I hoped they would be more open minded than he seemed as they were younger men. Their gentle touches made me feel safe to be near them so I had no qualms eating with them after my Master and I parted at the foyer.

He kissed my cheek goodbye and I felt simultaneously like a daughter and a wife. Curious, this man was. 

I entered the den where he had told me the boys liked to take their meals and requested the seat beside one of them at the table they sat at set by a window into the garden.

They were surprised to see me so close all of a sudden and fell over themselves to offer me a seat. It was rather sweet and I imagined below their expectation as sons of the Master of the house, but I could not fault their manners. I sat beside the older boy named Jason, who was only a couple years older than Fox; making him chief of the two.

Perhaps they thought me similar to their sister, being around the same age as her and likely just as alien to them. Fox went to ask the cooks to make me breakfast while I waited with Jason. He smiled at me boyishly and I blushed, which in turn made him blush.

"How are you, Marie?" He asked, trying to ford the awkwardness.

"I am well, Master. How are you and your brother?"

"Ah, we are well. We were hoping to talk with you more. We'll sit with you while you eat."

Fox returned and took his seat, taking every opportunity to steal glances at me as I talked with his brother. The cook arrived shortly after with a plate laden with eggs and sausage; delicacies to me. The brothers would take turns asking me things about Daemons while I ate.

"So, you were born from your mother? Not an egg?" 

I shook my head, perplexed by all the strange things they had heard about Daemons.

"No, Master. I can't think of anything different between humans and Daemons beside our appearance. The first fell out of the portals centuries ago but that's about the only split between our origins."

The boys seemed conflicted by my assurances of mortality and requiring sustenance to live.

"Why are these things said about you? We know Daemons are of the lower class, but surely our species interact."

I shrugged, I had grown up as isolated as they had. I wondered why as direct a man as their father had not told them about the world. He had mentioned they had a great interest in learning but they knew no difference between rumor and fact about Daemons.

"You are the first humans I have met as well, Masters. The rumors likely keep us divided and perpetuate themselves. I was raised to fear the humans' ruthlessness, but you are sitting beside me even now."

"We are not really your masters. Father bought you. We are only happy to meet someone new," Jason said.

"You know what you father bought me for?" I asked.

They nodded subtly and Fox said, "We do. It caused quite the incident around here when he told us he was going to buy a Daemon."

I pushed my plate away, intrigued by the turn of the conversation.

"Mother was most upset," Jason said, a blank look passing over his face. "But we are unable to judge our father."

I held my sore cheek, her assault on me earlier all too demonstrative of her anger.

"Why does she hate me so? Wealthy men have always bought Daemons."

Fox tugged at his collar, uncomfortable.

"She has... changed... some, over the years," Jason said, laying his hands out. "Our family has been through much in recent years, and she dislikes Daemons as much as everyone else seems to, as we discussed."

Fox looked surprised at Jason's answer, as if he had said too much.

"What has befallen your family, if I may ask, Master?"

Jason checked behind his shoulders, making sure no one else was within earshot.

"We have lost our brothers," he whispered. "Emile, Motiff, and Jule. A terrible carriage accident in the city. Mother blames Father, and he can't help but blame himself too."

I couldn't hide my surprise. The Master, as cheerful as he was, was hiding something terrible within.

"I'm so sorry, Master," I said, laying a hand on his shoulder.

He smiled, appreciative of the touch. 

"We have accepted it. They were good brothers."

Fox nodded solemnly, I held his hand and he smiled.

"What does your sister think of it?"

Fox raised his eyebrows.

"Of our brothers, or you?" he asked.

"Oh, either, I suppose."

Jason chuckled, Fox and I both looked at him curious.

"The answer is the same for both questions. Zia usually takes Mother's point of view on things. She shares her opinion on Father's responsibility for our brothers' deaths as well as her disgust of you."

Fox agreed and assured me their sister would not bother me. All I had to look out for was their mother.

We adjourned from breakfast and they asked me what I was going to do for the rest of the day.

I really wanted to hide in my room and digest what I had learnt but I didn't want to leave my friends just yet.

I asked them if they would show me the gardens and they readily agreed. They were excited to go outside, it seemed as if they had not seen reason to in quite awhile. They had me grab a coat from my room and waited for my at the stairs.

On my way to meet them, I passed the Master's bedroom, though strange noises stole my attention.

I peered through the crack in the door and saw the Mistress sitting in a rocking chair by a long window, staring into the distant trees of their land. Tears stained her cheeks as she sat, frozen. She breathed in sharply every few beats, the only sign that she was alive.

I quickly passed the door to rejoin the sons, afraid of what she'd do if she caught me.

The boys led me out the back door and Into their garden. I balked at the rows of trees lining footpaths that curved and meandered into a distant forest. The leaves had just begun to abandon their branches, and the wind gave them opportunity to fly.

I couldn't see any other houses nearby, if there were any behind the hills and trees surrounding the estate. The brick wall ended a few yards before the forest, the mass of trees forming a natural barrier for the rear of the house.

Jason offered me his arm to loop mine through while we strolled and I accepted. Fox lead the way down the path, a stick he found tapping ahead.

The leaves crunched under our feet and I felt free, despite the circumstances. The air felt so fresh and clean, so many days breathing the same air rendering me weak. My legs stretched to their full length and my steps faced no boundary of a wall.

My glee infected the boys, who didn't know why I laughed at the crunch of the leaves and smiled at the birds overhead. We talked and listened and learned from each other, the cold breeze only spurning on our fun. 

We walked the paths for what felt like hours, until we reached the mouth of the forest. Fox tapped the wild trees saying, "That's far enough, then."

We agreed and walked back to the house, content with our little expedition. 

Lunch was waiting for us back in the den and we ate together once more, before the boys took their leave to study in their rooms. I asked if I could be dismissed to my room and they gave me the permission.

I hurried past the Mistress' room again, not even glancing into the woman's tomb. 

I returned the coat to the wardrobe and sat at my desk, recording what I had learned about the Master's family. 

I sensed a change in the room, turning in my seat to investigate. The bedroom door was ajar, suggesting I was not the only nosy person in the house. I carefully shut the door, no spy to be found.

I could do nothing about it. I was but a slave, I must remember. I had a room due only to my Master's generosity, and I was not owed privacy as a slave of pleasure. The servants were naturally curious of me and the Mistress or her daughter had the right to monitor me to assuage their suspicions.

I put the matter to rest and occupied as I always had: writing and lounging about. I wondered if it was unhealthy to continue copping up in a room when I was allowed roam of a mansion, but assured myself it had been too soon to overcome years long habits. 

The Master returned in the evening, which surprised the staff as he would usually be out much later editing the next day's paper.

I heard him bound up the steps and landing, stopping before my door to knock before he stuck his head in.

"Marie! Wait for me in the bathing room. Bring a nightdress to change into. I'll be down to meet you soon!" 

He shut the door before I could accept his order, the man as excited as when I had met him. I hung the thin gown over my arm and made my way to the baths, greeting the servants I passed along the way. Most stared a few extra moments before responding but only out of curiosity. They didn't seem to hate me for being a Daemon, as far as I could tell.

I laid my dress on a rack and gathered towels for after the bath. I presumed he was going to have me bathe with him so I took off my socks as well. It seemed no one else had bathed since I had; the other tubs and faucets without a drop of water.

I leaned against the wall until the Master arrived, the man looking a bit put out since he summoned me but perking up upon seeing me.

"I missed you, girl! All day I couldn't help but think of you," he said as he removed his boots.

"In all honesty, I left the Truth a bit early!" He added scandalously.

I giggled as the man threw down his pants and struggled against his cravat, all the while shuffling toward me. I met him halfway and helped him out of his shirt, throwing it onto his discarded pants.

"Why thank you, Marie. Allow me to help you as well."

He pulled my shirt up over my head, exposing my chest to the open air, my nipples hardening instantly in response. He cupped my breasts, noticing the little dark blue points. 

"Ah!" I squeaked, covering his hands with mine.

He pulled me to him, our chests flush against each other, my nipples digging into his chest. He kissed my cheeks, layering them down to my jaw and over my throat. I ran my hands over his back, the muscle solid yet pliable of a man athletic in his youth.

His lips kissed my clavicle before he lifted them to return to my lips. I kissed him back, caressing his cheek and side while he pulled my skirt down my legs. I stepped out of it, relishing the heat of his hands crawling over my ass. He lifted and grasped my cheeks, igniting the fire within me. 

I moaned softly, sucking the Master's tongue into my own mouth with a pop. I broke away to pull down my panties, my Master following my example and pulling down his own underwear.

My Master grinned wolfishly, leading me to the tub and having me sit on the edge of it with my legs inside the tub. He left me there a moment to search a little locker, bringing back a disk with holes like a strainer. He affixed it over the faucet, snapping it into place and turning on the water. It shot through the holes in concentrated streams, filling the tub until the Master pulled the plug, allowing it to drain.

He stepped into the tub and got onto his knees, leaning between my legs. He spread them open, kissing down my thighs until he reached my vagina. I held my breath as he kissed around the almost purple tissue, his lips lifting from my skin before he licked up my slit, slowly, firmly.

My toes curled under the falling water, a sigh escaping my lips. My master continued; licking and sucking on my labia as his tongue found success toward my clit. He pushed his lips onto the hood, kissing it, little by little introducing more tongue and delving deeper and deeper.

I buried my hands in his hair as he sucked the jewel into his mouth from its hood. 

"Master!" I gasped, burying his head in my sex. 

He moved down to my vagina, sticking his tongue inside and lathering my inner walls. His hands gripped the back of my knees as his tongue wriggled deep into me. The fire within me was roaring along with the powerful jet of water hitting the floor of the tub. I moaned and cried out as his tongue fucked my pussy. My hips rocked into his face faster and harder as the pressure built inside me. 
