 I collapsed back on the bed and closed my eyes. Her cum, the sapphire blue ejaculate of a goddess with a cock as big as my arm, was moving through my body. I felt the power in my blood. Every breath I took things were changing.

"You must relax," Txaollix whispered. "You are changing." Her voice was calm like a mother caring for a child who has fallen ill.

I opened my eyes and stared up at her smiling face and glowing eyes. I was so happy I wanted to cry. I felt like I had done something amazing, like I had achieved something no one else could. And her smile, the warm, gentle smile of a goddess, made my eyes fill with tears.

"There, there," she said and touched my cheek. "You were amazing."

The words of praise fell on my ears and my chest swelled with pride. It had been more than amazing. It had been more than I could ever describe. I had never felt anything so wonderful, so pleasurable in all my life. Every muscle in my body felt stretched and relaxed at the same time. My breasts were sore from her grip but in a way that reminded me of what we had done. And my pussy, having just been thoroughly fucked by a cock bigger than any I had ever seen on any man, tingled and throbbed, but I didn't care - given the choice, I wanted more. 

"What is happening inside of me?" I asked.

"You are becoming." The goddess lay down beside me and slid her leg across mine.

The room had a floral scent, flowers mixed with sweat, sex, and power. 

My body seemed to be in a state of flux, everything felt like it was vibrating. My skin tingled. My muscles felt like clay. I thought back to the carvings at the dig site, the four sisters in green robes, Txaollix's cock being worshipped by the naked woman, the glow that seemed to emanate from them, and then the altar. My head filled with questions. What does being a goddess mean? What will happen? Will I change like Txaollix?

You will change...the words whispered through my thoughts. I had forgotten that she could read my thoughts and speak through them. 

I stared into the blue glow of her eyes. There was so much about her I didn't know or understand. She wasn't human, but a goddess, but what did that mean? She exuded power; she was alive with it - timeless, beautiful, power. 

In the middle of a breath, my bones suddenly became light. I mean, I felt like I might float off the bed. I looked around to make sure I wasn't moving and noticed my skin, what had just been the skin of a girl from New York's - a few freckles, some light blonde hair, a birthmark above my wrist - was now perfect, without a spot or blemish. I had the skin of a newborn baby.

I glanced over at Txaollix. "You are still...cooking?" She looked at me quizzically. 

I smiled. "Are you learning how I speak?" 

Her eyes sparkled with happiness while she nodded and I saw a glimpse of another side of her, a playful, young, goddess. 

"You learn quickly," I said.

"We are goddesses; there is nothing we cannot do." She raised her arm and immediately became a beautiful blue bird the size of my fist. 

I stared in amazement as she hovered for moment, then flitted and fluttered until she landed on my knee. I laughed out loud. "That was ama..." But before the word was out, she was back at my side, lounged against me, her head leaning on her elbow, and grinning. 

"Where does your power..."

"Come from?" She interrupted, showing off. "From you, from us, from what we just did." She looked over my body the way I imagined a cat looked at a mouse. 

"Sex?"

"Energy," she said. "We live because of energy; it gives us power, the worship of others."

I thought of the carving at the bottom of the stairs, the way she and her supplicant were painted as if they glowed. It was the energy moving between them.

"You will see it now; it is like a faint smoke." Her voice seemed excited by the idea that I was going to be like her, a goddess.

It was thrilling. As I laid there, my body absorbing the power and changes she had passed to me, I kept imaging what it would be like. What I would be able to do. I knew that Txaollix could see what I was thinking, but I didn't care, I couldn't stop, it was all too new, too amazing. I thought of books and stories I had read, movies I had seen, everything I knew about every religion and history I had studied. But how much of what I knew was truth?

I sat up on my knees and she did the same until we were facing each other - two women acting like girls at a sleepover. "Will you teach me?" I asked.

"Of course," she looked me over like she wanted to make sure I was ready. "If you could be any way you wanted to be, make any change you wanted, what would you do?"

I thought of Kim and the way I had always envied her breasts - their perfect shape, not too big, not too small, and the way they stuck straight off her chest. 

Immediately, my body reacted. I took a breath and watched as my breasts, what had been B-cups, little more than my own hand full, began to grow. I glanced at Txaollix but she only watched as they moved. The transformation was slow, the weight in each breast changed and the skin stretched tight as the new shape took form.

I stared at my nipples, now wide pink disks, until they too changed - going from their usual, little pink nubs to dark bronze, the size of my pinkie tip, and stiff. 

Reaching up, I arched my back and played my fingertips across them. It felt good. A little rush of excitement went through me as I looked to Txaollix for approval.

Her eyes were wide. "I like them," she said, "but..." She looked back and forth between her own, massive tits and mine, "...I would have thought you would have chosen something bigger."

I chuckled and my breasts expanded further. I held my breath as they filled and stretched, tripling in size until they spanned the distance between us and my nipples brushed against hers.

We both sighed at the contact, the little tickle of stiff flesh against stiff flesh.

I reached out and gripped my set along the sides so I could do it again, brush against her.

"You learn fast," she giggled.

And for the first time, I saw the energy move around us. I grinned at the sight of it. Txaollix had been right; it was a faint, blue wisp. It left her skin like steam and slowly moved toward mine. I leaned over and inhaled suddenly wanting it, needing it inside of me. I felt a surge of something far stronger than pleasure move through me.

"Is..."

"Yes," Txaollix smiled and slowly spread her knees, until I could see her swollen pussy lips and the place above her clitoris where her cock had begun to grow. 

A shiver ran through me. I loved turning her on.

"What else would you change?" She asked. 

I glanced at my hair and changed it from blonde to black like hers only I changed the length so it was just past my ears and my bangs cut across my face at an angle. I had always thought short hair on a woman was sexy, especially if the bangs were edged. 

She raised her eyebrows and her cock continued to extend into the space between us. "What else. What of your fantasies?"

For some reason, the word itself sent my mind tumbling back to when I was in college and how I had gone through a phase where I obsessed about being a man. I had just had my first lesbian experience and I decided that I wanted to be more like a man, strong and confident. It was a phase, but I was determined - I cut my hair short, bought cargo pants and polo shirts, and even bought my first strap on so I could fuck my girlfriend like a man.

Instantly, my breasts vanished and were instantly replaced with square pectoral muscles and a patch of wispy hair above a washboard of abdominal muscles. My pussy disappeared and was replaced by a large, flaccid penis and a scrotum and testicles that touched the bed.

Staring down at myself, I couldn't believe what I looked like. I opened my hand and a mirror appeared on the wall opposite me. I glanced at Txao and she grinned. I looked good. Even my face had changed. My eyes remained my own except the new, light blue glow, but my jaw line was square and there was a shadow of stubble. My arms were stronger too, heavier with muscle and my fingers thicker. 

"I like it," Txao cooed. "I have always liked a strong man."

Her fingers slid across the bed until she tickled my scrotum and toyed with my balls. My new dick immediately reacted. I felt a knot in my chest. The energy flowed off of both of us, wafting into the air.

"Suck it," I commanded. My new, male tone surprised me, but Txao only grinned.

"Gladly," she said as she scooted her body back and ducked her head toward my growing member. 

The energy floated off of us and I inhaled more and basked in the rush it gave. I felt like I could lift the world with one hand, like I could fly, like there was nothing I couldn't do. 

My cock had formed to be about the size of every man I had ever dated. It wasn't huge like the goddess' but average, a human penis. Txao wrapped her fingers around the base of it and slipped her lips around the tip. 

Her mouth was hot and wet. Muscles I didn't know I had contracted, my cock swelled between her lips, and she gave a grateful moan. For years I had wondered what if felt like to have a cock and balls, the strange appendage that dangled between a man's legs. Every time I had ever gone down on a man to suck on his throbbing member, I wandered how it felt, how sensitive the skin was.

Txao proved that a hot, wet mouth wrapped around an eager dick felt better than I had imagined. I moaned and leaned back as she started bobbing her head back and forth, sucking me deeper and deeper. 

I looked down and watched my hard flesh slide between her luscious lips until I reached the back of her throat. The sensation mixed with the new rush of power and my abilities overcame me. The pressure was building and I wanted release, I wanted the feeling I was used to, the fulfillment of a cock stuffed inside me. 

I squinted and felt my pussy return, appearing at Txao's chin. Then my chest shifted, the pectorals disappeared, and my female aspects began to reemerge. Only they didn't stop where they had been. No, this time they grew larger, larger than they had been when I changed them. Something inside of me, something new was taking over, controlling my body. I wrapped my arms around the giant balloons of flesh. Just touching them sent my cunt into spasms, they were so sensitive.

I peeked over the edge of them and saw Txao's head bobbing up and down, her long, stiff cock lying on the mattress between us. 

Give me your cock. I pinched the fingertip-sized nipples at the end of my enormous breasts and Txao's rod slithered into my dripping hole. 

"Yes," I moaned as I arched my back, shoving my own cock deep into her throat while she lengthened her own to reach deeper.

My breasts ached for attention and I squeezed them and twisted the nipples.

Txao's wet mouth and twitching tongue combined with the girth of her dick banging away in my pussy was too much. My penis swelled and Txao grinned up at me. Hot cum surged up my cock and exploded into her mouth. I felt her swallow but there was too much and the brilliant blue liquid dripped from the corners of her mouth. 

She pulled back and slid off my throbbing cock as another bolt of liquid splashed across cheek and neck.

"More," she laughed and tucked my member between her breasts. 

The sensation of her silky-smooth skin around my shaft sent another load of cum spraying across her splendid curves. 

Her eyes glowed bright and the energy we exchanged came off us like we were burning infernos. 

I contracted my new muscles again, turned on by the way my cum decorated her chest. She leaned back with a mischievous grin and I felt her cock, still buried inside of me, triple in girth and stretch me wide. 

Two can play at this. 

Oh really? Her reply echoed through my thoughts.

Closing my eyes and concentrating, my cock lengthened and moved along Txao's like a snake on a branch. 

The skin was hot and wet, covered in the juices of my own dripping cunt. I did my best to ignore the way she penetrated me, the way her hips pulled and pushed her inside of me, the way she expanded and lengthened herself so that my pussy was perfectly full, perfectly stretched. . 

She grinned when she saw what I was thinking. 

I took a deep breath and watched as my dick lengthened and wound around hers until it was perched against her folds, barely touching her swollen, glistening folds every time her hips thrust. And then I was in her, pressing my way deeper and deeper, parting her. 

Txao bit her lip and tilted her head back in ecstasy. 

We dove into each other, both molding our bodies so that we could take all of each other, thrusting and grinding until our legs overlapped and our hips met. We kissed. Our tongues tumbled back and forth between each other lips as we pressed and pulled our bodies apart, sliding our cocks in and out of each other. Shaping and reshaping our pussies until our pleasure was a singular note, a perfect vibration that moved through both of us. 

We fucked for what felt like hours each holding our orgasms off as long as we could, pushing our pleasure past ecstasy until we were little more than a frenzy of flesh and sweat.

And then she came. I didn't have the will to move. The mere sensation of her quivering cunt milking my entire length while her cock emptied itself inside me was too sweet. I pulled her close as my own body convulsed and went rigid, my mind covered in a blanket of light, every nerve vibrating, singing like crystal.

We collapsed onto the bed. Cum poured from our stretched quims and onto the blankets. Energy rose off us like steam. I smiled. My cock became flaccid and draped across the bed. I couldn't believe I had lived my life without one. 

"You are complete. You are a goddess." Txao smiled.

I closed my eyes and sighed. This is perfect bliss being her like this with you.

Txao's soft lips touched mine. 

I had never known such sweet happiness.

***

The first hints of sunrise lit the horizon and I stared out the window thinking back over everything that had happened. 

Txaollix sat on the edge of the bed.

I had finished the change. My body had become futa. My new breasts were much like Txao's, enormous and round, capped with rigid nipples that ached to be touched. My new appendage, a penis almost a meter long at full mast, was retracted inside of me, just above my pussy. If I held my hand in front of my face, I could see the glow from eyes. 

Power flowed through my veins. I was no longer human, no longer a five foot, eight inch archaeologist with blonde hair, a slight build, three college degrees, and a photographer for a girlfriend. No, now I was a goddess, a futa goddess, standing in the ancient temple of the goddess who had given me the gift.

What will I do? I thought as I paced the stone floor in front of her.

You will be a goddess.

Alone?

This is not my time and I have given what was left of myself, what I hid from my sisters for thousands of cycles, to you. She stared at her feet as we spoke in each other's thoughts. 

The news was more than I could bear. Although the past two days had seen me fall into a tomb in Peru, battle magical plants, save a futa goddess, couple with her, and then become a futa goddess myself - the idea of losing her crushed me. 

Tears filled my eyes. I am your servant, your supplicant, your lone convert. You cannot leave me. I collapsed on my knees in front of her as the tears rolled down my cheeks. I command you to stay.

Txaollix reached out and caressed my cheek with her fingers. "This is the way of gods and goddesses," she said out loud. "You will someday do the same."

My chest ached. Being with her had been indescribable. The gift she had given was beyond time and space, anything I had ever known, but the time was too short, our chapter barely written. 

I grabbed her hand. "Stay with me," I said. "We'll stay here at the top of your temple, just you and I."

Her smile was filled with understanding and sympathy. "We would both die," she sighed. "A goddess must be worshipped. What we have done is merely an exchange, a trade of the power I passed to you."

Staring into her eyes, I noticed for the first time, that the blue glow was fading. I climbed onto the bed next to her and laid my head against her breasts. "I am your servant," I whispered.

"You are no one's servant," she chuckled and wrapped her arms around me. "You are a futa goddess, a powerful being who will teach and bring joy to others." 

I knew, by looking into her thoughts, that the words were ancient, that what she said was the purpose for our existence. The meaning of what we were, the letters that described our creation, handed down to her creator, from theirs, and on since time immemorial, and now - she was giving it to me. 

But the words burned my thoughts like acid. 

You will have many choices, many decisions, which will resolve what kind of goddess you will be. 

Anger boiled inside me and I felt the rush of what I was capable of. Darkness swept through me. I wanted to destroy the room we stood in, the sky that glowed outside the window, everything.

You cannot stop what is about to happen.

I stood and stared at Txao. Anger and fear collided inside of me. I didn't want her to leave me. I wanted to change it, erase the possibility. 

"Here," Txao offered me the blue stone that had adorned the lid of the ornate trap her sister's had bound her in. It was the place she had hidden a part of her spirit, the part that I had rescued. "To remember me by." 

I thought back to the moment in the tomb, the moment I had touched the box and it had begun to glow, Txaollix's life waiting for me to free her. It was only days ago but it felt like years.

She waved it in the air with a smile. "Remember me every time you see it." 

I reached out to take it and the moment my fingers touched it, everything went dark. Txaollix, the temple, the bed, everything vanished and I was alone in the dark, in her tomb.

***

Wrapped in the darkness of Txaollix's tomb, I sat still. The smell of flowers and dirt and damp permeated my senses. I was back to where I had fallen. Back to where I had found her, where I had rescued her, and set her free. I was back to the world I knew, expelled from the world I wanted.

I opened my hand and light filled the room. At my feet were the dead vines. The rectangle of wood and intricate metal sat open beside me, and my hard hat and light were a meter or two away. It was as if I had never left, as if I had opened the box and passed out only to wake up exactly where I was.

Tears filled my eyes and I picked up the box. Why? Why did you leave me? I stared into the emptiness wishing that she would respond but nothing came. Half of me wanted to sit there and cry forever but the other half wanted to escape the place and never return.

I looked down at myself. My clothes were covered in dirt and dried blood. My shirt was torn where the vines had wrapped around my breast. But I was unscathed, healed by the goddess when I set her free. I closed my eyes and remembered what I looked like in the dim blue glow of the stone, after the fall and the thorns from the vines. 

My body reacted. Long scrapes and scratches appeared along my fingers and arms. Across my right breasts, the flesh separated and scabbed over. My fingers became torn and bloody again. I look like I did before we rescued each other.

Picking up the box, I stood up and looked around the room. It was the last time I ever planned to see it. I smiled down at the defeated vine, the last remnants of an ancient, long-forgotten magic, and glanced at the tiny shaft I had fallen through. It all seemed so long ago.

I thought of the three sisters, where their tombs lay and disappeared. 
