 I was alone in my room, and yet felt a strange presence, as if I was being watched. I looked around the room again, examining each corner, closing the blinds, but no one was there. And yet, oddly, I felt as if I was not alone.

I began to get aroused thinking that someone was watching me. I began to slowly undress, stripping down to my briefs. I made a bit of a show of it, slowly and sensually stripping away each layer of clothing. My bulge began to grow, and I was getting excited with my exhibitionism. I slowly moved my hand down to my crotch, cupping my balls and cock, and began to massage myself. Stroking my cock through my briefs, my size began to grow, and I was hoping my voyeur partner was also getting aroused.

I moved over to my bed, and laid myself down. It was a warm evening and I positioned myself spread eagle on the bed, feeling the air cool my body. It was a long day, and I drifted off into a light sleep.

I was in a dream-like state, neither fully asleep, nor fully awake. Suddenly, I had the very distinct sensation that someone was in the room. I roused myself, and looking over toward the closet, was stunned by what I saw.

A beautiful creature, with long beautiful hair, light in color. She was dressed in a dazzling flowing gown, which clung beautifully to her sculpted body. But most shocking of all was that she was translucent. A beautiful light blue in color. She looked at me with penetrating eyes, but said nothing.

I have always believed in angels, and often wondered if they were sexual beings. Certainly the carnality and lusts of my earth bound body found their satisfaction in sexual acts with other creatures of this earth. And yet I have always imagined what it would be like to join my body sexually with a creature not of this earth. Would they have the same sexual needs? Would they satisfy themselves in similar ways, conjoining with other creatures like them? Would these lusts be what drives them to reproduce? Would they find our method of sexual gratification primitive? Do they have orgasms?

Standing in front of me, this was either a beautiful angel, or a being from elsewhere than Earth. And I was mesmerized. I felt as if she could read my thoughts. 

I sat up on the edge of the bed, and raised myself up to a standing position. I was naked except for my briefs, and my bulging crotch seemed to catch her eye. We stood there in silence as we examined each other. I was afraid in one way, and extremely exhilarated in another. What should I do?

I knew that words were not necessary for communication, and we each began to slowly, tentatively, move towards each other. When she was directly in front of me, I reached out to take her hand, not knowing whether mine would pass right through hers or not. Was she a physical being, or merely vapor? Merely imagination? As when in a dream, we force to the physical to find it is only in our minds.

As my hand reached for hers, contact was made, and I felt a warm, soft sensation. I hesitate to call it flesh, since that would be of this world, but she was smooth and tactile. I gripped her hand, and she returned the gesture. I looked down at our hands and was amazed by what I saw. Her hand was translucent in mine, and I could see my fingers through her, on the back side of her hand.

I was so excited that we were able to make physical contact in a way that was pleasurable to me as a physical creature. I hoped it was the same for her. Who was she? Does she have a name? I felt like she knew me better than I knew her.

I placed my other hand lightly on her shoulder, and drew her body against mine. She was so beautiful, and her body was warm and soft. I wrapped my arms around her, and could feel her soft curves under her translucent gown. I caressed her back, reaching down and stroking her buttocks. I worked my hand between her ass cheeks, catching her gown in her folds.

Was she simply in a form that was understandable to me, or was this her actual body? I looked at her face and into her eyes. They were a deep blue, and were filled with longing. I had the strange feeling that she knew me very well, and our lips touched. She was warm and sensual, and we began to enjoy each other's soft mouths. Our eyes closed, and we began sucking and licking each other, our tongues starting to intertwine. She made not a sound, but I could feel a lust in her body, longing for satisfaction.  

We moved over to the bed and I began to raise her gown. Her eyes were fixed upon mine as my hands caressed her naked flesh, and as her gown was slowly raised. Again, I could see my hands through her body, and yet her body was firm, soft and delicate. 

She moved her hands around my back and began to pull on the waistband of my briefs. I jumped with surprise when she touched me, and she continued by lowering my briefs, exposing my full human nakedness. We were now fully unclothed with each other, wrapping our arms around each other, and savoring the contact and sensations.

My knees began to weaken, and I sat myself on the edge of the bed. I kept wondering if we were going to fuck. Does she understand what that is, or is she simply here to comfort and arouse me? Why had she made her presence known to me? Does she have an opening in her body for sex?

I wanted to find out. I slowly moved my hands to her hips, stoking her slowly. I moved my hand around to her thighs, and stroked her inner legs, moving my way up to where her cunt would be. I began to feel an increasing warmth as I moved toward her crotch, and then encountered a slippery wetness.

I brought my hand back to my lips and placed my fingers inside my mouth, looking at her deeply in the eyes while doing so. Her wetness tasted amazingly delicious, a honey nectar from another world. She moved her body closer to mind. She wanted more, as well as to satisfy me.

I moved my hand back to her wetness, and moved my fingers up, hoping there was an opening which would ensure our complete coupling. My fingers met her pussy lips, and I was delighted when they easily parted, revealing a beautiful cunt, warm, tight and wet. I pushed my fingers up into her pussy, and she closed her eyes. I inserted another finger, and penetrated her body even deeper.

Being translucent, I could see my fingers inside her body, moving up and down, in and out. I pulled my fingers out and again sucked her sweet nectar from them. She moved closer to me and mounted the bed on her knees, straddling me. She moved her hand down and began stroking my cock, which was huge by now, and oozing with precum. She took her hand to her mouth and licked my precum, tasting me and looking deep into my eyes.

She reached down, held tight onto my cock, and began to lower herself onto me, guiding my cock to her heat. I kept thinking how amazing it was to be having sex with another being, not of this world. Was this a dream? Would it be the only time? Would she come back again? Why was she here?

Her delicious pussy contacted the head of my cock, and I entered her effortlessly. She removed her hand, and began to lower her body onto me, inch by inch, staring deeply into my eyes as she did so. I looked down and could see my cock entering her body. She kept sliding down my pole, and I entered her further. She raised herself up, and then lowered back down, spreading her nectar across my pole. 

Each cycle of her thrusting wettened me further, and I could feel her wetness begin to drip onto my balls. She lowered herself fully onto me, taking my full 10 inch cock into her body, assisted with her profuse lubrication. She sat there for some time, my cock fully within her, looking into my eyes.

It was then I realized she was here to fulfill what she knew I had always wanted. I had always dreamed of having sex with an angel, wanting to feel the delicate body, and satisfy a being from another world. She had always been with me, knowing me and my desires, and now she was here to fulfill them.

I looked down at our conjoined bodies, and saw my massive cock filling her body. I was so huge within her, and my cock reached up so far into her body. It looked as if my cock was filling her up to her stomach, fully impaling her on my massive sex organ, and it deeply pleased her. 

She began to raise and lower herself on me again, slowly, taking my full length into her body on each cycle. I then began to feel her cunt walls tightening, and I was so happy to be pleasing her. She began to hold me tighter, and I couldn't believe she was going to have an orgasm! She raised and lowered herself again, grinding her hips down on me hard, and tightening her thighs around my body.

Her pussy walls began violently contracting and she stopped moving, holding the position hard, grinding her hips against me. Her contracting pussy began spraying her cum juice, and it started running down my balls and dripping onto the floor. I held her ass tight, reached around her body, and inserted my finger into her asshole while she was cumming. I could feel her asshole contracting to the rhythms of her cunt pulsations, and could not take it anymore. I felt my cock head start to swell, and began to erupt in a massive orgasm within her.

My cum was gushing out of me in repeated explosive bursts, and looking down, I could see it coating the inside walls of her translucent body. She was still grinding her hips, I was pushing, we were both orgasmically pulsating, and dripping wet with each other's cum.

As our orgasmic contractions began to subside, we held each other close. I laid myself back on the bed and felt her fall on top of me, snuggling up to my neck, my cock still within her. We could both feel our intermingled cum dripping and running down each others bodies, as we blissfully drifted off to sleep, my cock still filling her angelic cunt, and her softness enveloping mine.

The End