 A quick note about this story. This is my 3rd Blue Lightning Story. The first 2 got some awfully good feedback, so I feel confident in recommending them to those of you who haven't read them yet. I also want to warn you. If you're looking for a mutual attraction in the first paragraph, first kiss by the third paragraph, hot groping in paragraph 4 and naked sex by paragraph 5 story, this isn't it. 

BLUE LIGHTNING AND THE FLOWER CHILDREN

Prelude, The Battle

The superhero group Fighters For Justice were once again fighting to save the world, or at least a significant part there of. They were protecting what was supposed to be a top secret weapons research facility from a group of super villains calling themselves the Master Mob. The Fighters For Justice were winning again.

Unfortunately Dr. Kronos was not only evil, he was insane. "If I cannot win, WE SHALL ALL DIE TOGETHER!" he shouted as he pressed the button to ignite an explosive device he had been attempting to steal.

Princess Amazon heard Blue Lightning call out "MANEUVER SIXTEEN" as he whizzed towards the strange bomb. Maneuver sixteen had been used successfully before. Blue Lightning would run around the explosion at super speed creating a vortex which would send the force of the explosion straight up, reducing potential damage.

Princess Amazon saw the blur which was Blue Lightning and a bright flash and then both bomb and superhero just vanished.

After the battle. Colonel Strong was asking, "So what happened to Blue Lightning?"

"I've told you again and again. I don't know what happened." Princess Amazon replied. "He was executing maneuver sixteen. Then he wasn't. He just wasn't there. Professor can you explain it?" she asked the F.F.J.'s super genius.

"I might have a better idea after I talk with this facilities personnel. We don't know what kind of experimental weapon it was. What kind of energies it made use of. But it would seem that they reacted in an unforeseen way with Blue Lightning's super speed energy."

"So," asked Merry Maiden reluctantly, "do you think Blue Lightning was disintegrated or what?"

Professor said, "There are many possibilities. Disintegration is one, but let us hope that it is not the case. It could be that the two energies reacted together in such a way as to open a portal to some alternate dimension or another time. Altering of molecular densities is another possibility. Remember a few years back when Fringe Lunatic's molecular density was altered and he was shrunk to the size of a pea? I guess we should all watch where we are stepping until we've ruled that possibility out. Until I know more about the bomb itself, if it really was a bomb, we can't rule anything out."

Chapter 1, moonlight and memories?

The man known as Blue Lightning woke up in the middle of the night. The moonlight filtering through the window curtains showed him that the bed he was lying in was in fact a mattress on the floor. There were also a couple of bean bag chairs in the room. Something seemed familiar about a mattress on the floor and bean bag chairs. But he couldn't quite remember why. He had a feeling that if he did remember it would be a nice memory, but no, it just wouldn't come to him. Also in the room were a couple of dressers and a big rocking chair but he didn't get a feeling of familiarity from them. He was very tired. Maybe when he next woke up he'd remember where he was or how he got here. He put his head back down on the pillow and slept very soundly.

Chapter 2, or another time.

When next he awoke sunlight filled the room. In the rocking chair sat a young man with shoulder length chestnut brown hair and a beard of the same color. Although both the hair and the beard were long they did not have an unkempt appearance. Our hero noted that the young man wore a bandana as a head band. He wore a t-shirt with a cartoon portrait of a gap toothed grinning youngster with the phrase beneath the picture: What Me Worry?. He also had on a paisley pattern vest and much patched blue jeans. 

"Well," said the young man, "you seem to be a whole lot better than you were when we found you." Then he took a puff from the mouth piece of an elaborate hookah.

"Found me?"

"A couple of days ago. Face down and unconscious in our corn field. Your clothes torn to shreds. We carried you in, put you to bed, cleaned you up. My name's Jack by the way, Jack Kennedy, no relation. And your name?"

"It's B… (pause) it's… (pause) now isn't that strange. I can't seem to remember it right at the moment."

"Well, don't worry, I'm sure it will come back to you any minute. But in the meantime we can't be calling you Hey You. What say we call you Bobby?" said Jack.

"Sure."

"I'll bet you're just about starved." then Jack called out in the direction of the door, "Hey Daisy, your patient is awake and hungry."

It was only a moment or two when in through the door walked an attractive black woman carrying a tray and wearing a blue bikini. On her skin were painted various symbols and phrases. Jack said to her "You're not Daisy."

"Daisy had her hands full. So I brought our guest some lunch. And how are you doing today?" she said, addressing the last remark to Blue Lightning, placing the tray over his lap.

"I'm not sure yet." he replied, and then because he really was very hungry he began eating the soup she had brought.

"Well, do tell me when you are sure. I'm Lola, and welcome to Willow Pond Commune."

"Thank you, for the welcome and for the lunch. I'm, well I guess you can call me Bobby."

Jack added, "He seems to have misplaced his own name, so until he remembers it we're calling him Bobby because I feel toward him like a brother." Lola gave a little snort at this attempt at a witticism while Bobby, as we'll call him at the moment seemed not to notice it at all.

Lola moved on to another subject. "What do you think of the new artwork?" she asked, referring to the body paint and showing herself off by turning in place.

Jack said, "Very nice. You look just like that chick on Laugh-In." he paused a moment and then added "You know, the short blonde with the weird giggle."

"Very funny." she said and stuck her tongue out at Jack. "What do you think Bobby?"

"I think you are very pretty."

"How sweet you are." she said as she sat in one of the bean bag chairs.

‘Bobby' finished the half bowl of soup and drank down the glass of milk and discovered he was full. Jack said "If you're all done there I'll take your dishes to the kitchen. Lola can wait here with you for a while."

"Thanks Jack."

"No problem. Peace brother." Jack said, holding up his hand, his two fingers forming a V, he made his exit.

A couple minutes later ‘Bobby' realized he had a situation. "Lola, I've got a little problem."

"What's the problem Sweets. Maybe Lola can help."

"It's kind of a two part problem. I need to go to the bathroom and I don't seem to have any clothes on under the blankets."

"No problem. The bathroom is right across the hall from this room and I'll walk with you and give you support if you need it." she said walking over to one of the dressers. "And we'll get some clothes together for you but for this mission and if you're shy, you can make do with this robe." pulling a robe from the dresser drawer.

‘Bobby' tried to convince her that he felt strong enough to get across the room and across the hall on his own but Lola insisted on walking with him with his arm around her shoulders "just in case." ‘Bobby' didn't really mind. Lola was a very attractive, soft and cuddly crutch.

Chapter 3 hugs and kisses

When he came out of the bathroom Lola had some company. A sweet faced, plump, frizzy haired blonde, with huge breasts. She had flowers in her hair, mostly daisies, and a daisy painted on her cheek.

2 plus 2, he thought, and he said to her, "Are you Daisy?"

"Yes I am. And I understand we're calling you Bobby. I'm glad to see you on your feet. But lets not over do. You were in quite a state when we found you. Let's get you sitting down and we can have a little chat." And the two women insisted on walking him to the rocking chair in 'his' room. The women each sat in a bean bag chair. 

Daisy, being a professional nurse, generally cared for anyone at the commune who was sick or injured. She asked ‘Bobby' whether he was experiencing any pain, aches, headaches, weakness, ect. She also asked questions to determine the extent of his memory loss, which seemed to be rather complete. "I wouldn't worry," she told him, "temporary amnesia isn't that uncommon when someone experiences extreme trauma, and whatever landed you unconscious, banged up, and nearly naked in our cornfield must have been extremely traumatic. Until your memory returns you can stay with us. Maybe you'll decide to stay with us even after your memory returns."

Just then a mildly pretty and obviously pregnant young woman came in carrying a cardboard box. She put down the box, bent to hug and kiss both Daisy and Lola. She turned to ‘Bobby' and said "Hi. I'm Tina. Welcome." At which point she completed the ritual by bending to hug and kiss him as well. Then she said, "Bob and Ted and Carl are all about the same size as you. They each found a few pieces of clothing for you. The shoes came from Alex."

"Thank you, Tina, and thank the guys for me. No, I'll thank them myself when I meet them."

"We're all glad that you're up and around. I've got to get to the kitchen. Tonight is my night to cook dinner and I've found a new recipe I'm trying out. It takes an awful long time to cook, so I have to go." And with that she hugged and kissed each of them again and left.

Lola looked at Daisy and said, "Pizza again tonight."

Daisy said, "I hate to see so much food go to waste, but you're probably right. I just don't understand it. Before she got pregnant she was such a good cook." Then addressing ‘Bobby' she said, "I don't want you overdoing your first day up. But some mild exercise, walking, will be good for you. I'm going to let Lola show you around the property. I'd join the two of you but I have some errands in town. I'll see you later." With that she hugged and kissed him and then hugged and kissed Lola before she left the room.

Lola stood up and said, "I'll get out of the room for a few minutes so you can dress in privacy." And she too hugged and kissed him. He noted ,however, that the kiss from Lola was not quite as casual as the kisses he had received from the other two women.

Chapter 4 the commune

Left alone, he went through the contents of the box. There were a couple of button down striped shirts, a tie dye t-shirt, and a sweat shirt, standard gray. For pants there was a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black corduroys plus a pair of cut off jeans and some swim trunks. There were four pairs of white athletic socks. For shoes there were black canvas high tops and black Hush Puppy loafers. And there was a previously unopened package of boxer shorts.

In addition to a pair of the boxers he selected the jeans and the sweatshirt to wear. For shoes he wore the high tops.

He thoroughly enjoyed his walk around the commune and not just because of his pretty companion. He learned that the property, in addition to farm land and a small orchard, consisted of two houses, a barn, a couple of shed like buildings, and a chicken coop. In addition to the chickens they also raised goats. They got eggs, milk, cheese and sometimes meat from the livestock. They raised a few crops and picked fruit in season.

Not including him there were twenty adults, eight men and twelve women. There were four children, the youngest was two, the oldest seven and one on the way. 

Almost everybody did at least some farm work. Everybody contributed in some way. Daisy practiced her profession three days a week at the local hospital, her wages going into the general fund. Lola sometimes worked, "got a gig" was the phrase she used, as an artist's model, at the local college. Three of the men also worked what ‘Bobby‘ thought of as regular jobs. Carl worked as a pizza delivery man. For the past several months he would call before coming home on nights when Tina was cooking to find out if he needed to bring some pizzas home. Gloria had a potters wheel and kiln out in one end of the barn. Her pottery sold quite well.

Chapter 5 pizza and TV

Whenever Tina broke into tears that night there was always someone there to hold and comfort her. Meanwhile everyone else enjoyed a pizza dinner. 

After dinner almost everyone went into the common living room and watched television. They watched a couple of half hour comedy shows that ‘Bobby' found vaguely familiar but which seemed somehow wrong to him. One item on the news caught his attention:

"War news took an odd turn today when the superhero called Soldier Boy who had been fighting in conjunction with American forces declared that, as of now, the Vietnamese village of Pik Cho was under his personal protection. He went on to say that any armed incursions within a hundred mile radius of the village would be dealt with decisively. There has been no comment from the Pentagon."

Chapter 6 good night

‘Bobby' went to bed early that night. He still had no idea what had happened to him, how he had gotten here or where he should have been. But he knew it had taken something out of him. He had felt sluggish all day and now he was very tired.

He had just finished undressing and crawled into his bed when Lola entered his room. The curtains were open and there was enough moon and starlight for him to see her clearly. She was still wearing the bikini but the body paint had been washed off.

"Is there anything else I can do for you before you go to sleep?" she asked as she knelt next to his bed.

He reached out took her hand in his. "Yes, there is. I really don't want to sleep alone tonight."

With her free hand Lola reached up and unfastened her top. It fell away revealing firm round breasts with huge aureoles. She let go of his hand so she could slide her bottoms off and crawled into bed next to him. She snuggled up close to him and they began kissing. It wasn't long before his cock was fully erect.

"I know you're tired," Lola said, "So let me do all the work." She straddled him. With one hand she guided his cock-head to her pussy lips. She lowered herself onto him. He grabbed her tits as she rode his cock up and down. "Oh, your cock feels so groovy in my tight pussy. Oh. Oh. Oh."

"Oh Lola, Oh yes. Oh God yes."

"Oh yes. Oh you're so big. It feels so good."

"Lola, yes. Your tits are so great. Your pussy feels so good. Oh god yes."

"Yes, oh yes. This feels so groovy. Oh god. I love fucking you."

"Lola, you are so beautiful. Oh yes. Fuck me baby. Fuck me."

"Oh god. Oh god. Oh god. Oh god. Oh god. Oh god . Oh god."

"Oh god. Oh god. Oh god. Oh god. Oh god. Oh god. Oh god."

They climaxed together, his hot semen filling her. He fell asleep when she went to wash up. She returned with a warm damp wash cloth and cleaned him up before again climbing into bed next to him. Moments later she too was sound asleep but not before she had the thought, "oh god, I hope I‘m pregnant with his child."

Chapter 7 hiding from the law

The next day Lola had errands in town and in the afternoon a gig. ‘Bobby' was still deemed by Daisy to be recovering so he found himself being accompanied by Tina just in case he needed someone to lean on. He still seemed sluggish to himself. He didn't feel like he needed a keeper but he enjoyed Tina's company. So he didn't argue the point.

About an hour after lunch they were sitting at the kitchen table playing cribbage. Why could he remember the rules of a card game but not his own name? Still, he was enjoying himself. Then there was a shout from out front, "Pig coming!"

Tina stood up and took his hand and said, "Follow me." She led him into the next room. Carl was there ahead of them. He had lifted up one end of a carpet and what appeared to be a trap door. ‘Bobby' noted how well it was made. Closed it would be indiscernible. Tina repeated, "Follow me." and walked down the hidden stairway.

Carl said, "Someone will come for you when the fuzz have left." ‘Bobby' followed Tina down into a large room, couple chairs and a table, a double bed to one side, filled shelves lined three walls.

"A priests hole?" asked ‘Bobby. When Tina nodded a yes, he continued, "Someone shouted something about pigs and Carl said something about the fuzz, those were references to the police weren't they?"

"Yes," said Tina, "probably the sheriffs deputy. He comes by and harasses us sometimes. Personally I think he has a thing for Jessica."

"So why are we hiding from the police?"

"Because you can't remember anything about yourself. We don't know if you need to be hiding from the fuzz but we'd rather not take the chance."

"Oh," ‘Bobby said.

"Don't worry," she said, "this place is undetectable and soundproof. Even if, for some reason, they did a thorough search, they'd never find us down here."

Looking over at the table and chairs he said, "If we'd brought the board and cards we could have finished our game."

Tina sat on the edge of the bed. She started to unbutton her blouse. "We can find other ways to amuse ourselves, if you want to."

He walked over to her. "Do you mean what I think you mean?" he asked as he reached for her satin covered breast.

"Yes," she replied and pressed his hand more firmly against her chest, "I‘m glad you don‘t mind that I‘m pregnant."

He removed her bra, kissed her on her tits, caressed the pale flesh of her belly and kissed it. "This," he said, "is part of what makes you so beautiful." He helped her remove her shoes, her pants, and her panties. She was still at the edge of the bed. He knelt in front of her. He licked along her inner thighs. He spread her legs. He licked along the outside of her pussy lips. He kissed them. He eased his tongue deep inside her, enjoying the taste of her. He flicked his tongue in and out of her.

"Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes," she kept repeating.

He put the tip of his tongue against the tip of her clit. ‘Bobby' had forgotten that he was Blue Lightning. He had forgotten that he was capable of moving at super speeds. But instinctively, as he put his tongue to Tina's clit he vibrated it, however briefly, at super speed. He pulled back and waited. It took a moment for her nervous system to respond to the stimulus. Then she experienced orgasm after orgasm after orgasm. "Oh my FUCKING GOD. OH GOD. OH GOD." after orgasm.

After her last orgasm subsided she lay back breathing heavily and asked, "What the hell did you do to me? That was the grooviest."

"I'm not sure what I did, but I'm glad you enjoyed it." he said. He sat on the bed next to her, lay back and kissed her. 

They kissed awhile longer. The trapdoor opened and someone shouted down "All's clear."

‘Bobby' called back, "We'll be up in a little while."

He stood up and started to undress. She repositioned herself and watched him. At sight of his erect cock she licked her lips. She knelt on the bed saying, "It will be more comfortable for me if you fuck me from behind."

He crawled up behind her. He rubbed his cock all over her ass cheeks. He kissed the small of her back and placed his cock-head against her pretty pussy. He pressed. His cock-head went past her pussy lips. He pressed slowly, entering her inch by inch. Her pussy felt so tight. It wrapped and squeezed his cock. His hands on her hips, he rocked back and forward, his cock sliding in and out. He rocked faster. Each time he pushed his cock into her, his hips slapping hers, she let out a little squeal of pleasure. Each time he pushed his cock into her, his hips slapping hers he watched the swing of her hanging tits and her round belly. 
