 There are certain truisms of any world which has Superheroes. The first is: if a world has Superheroes it will also have Super villains and visa versa. They are two sides of the same coin. However this particular truism does not come into this particular story.

Another truism is that Superheroes will pair up, team up, join together to fight a common foe. Sometimes they join together in more or less permanent groups or teams, like a club, complete with a team name. 

Yet another truism is that Superhero teams will in turn, join together to fight world class menaces. 

*******

Blue Lightning sat alone at a table in the headquarters of the F.F.J. (Fighters For Justice) nursing a very large mug of beer. Indistinctly from surrounding rooms came the sounds that men and women make when enjoying sexual activity.

From across the table he heard a rather high feminine voice say, "Is it always like this?" He looked up to see who was speaking to him. It was The Virgin, a member of the Superhero team calling themselves HeroForce. The two teams had only hours before fought off an alien invasion. The Virgin was a white woman just a couple years shy of 30 yrs old but she had the face and body of a girl half her age. She was a whole 4 ft. 11 inches tall. Her Superhero costume consisted of a private school uniform. Plaid skirt, pure white button down blouse, ankle high socks in saddle shoes. The blouse, however, was pulled up and tied just under her barely there boobies, exposing her navel. Her shoulder length brunette hair was pulled back into a ponytail, and her deep brown eyes had flecks of green in them.

Answering her question Blue Lightning said, "Yes, it's always like this, whenever we get together with another Super team to save the world. Afterwards we end up here or at their headquarters and have a big victory party and it turns into a big orgy."

"And do you always get left out?"

"Yeah, my power is super speed. Women always assume that I'll be finished so fast that they won't get any pleasure out of it."

"I know what you mean about assumptions. Back when I chose the name The Virgin for my superhero identity I should have realized it was going to affect the amount of action I'd get."

Blue Lightning  asked, "You mean sexual action? But I heard that if you had sex you would lose your super powers."

"Well not quite. What the old gypsy said when she gave me my powers, was that I would lose them if a man's penis ever violated (her word) my vagina. But there are other ways of having sex."

"There sure are." said Blue Lighting, licking his lips, "and I'd like to explore some of them with you if you're willing."

She looked at the speedster, her lips curling in a mischievous grin, and said "Oh yes, I'm willing."

And between the 'n' sound and the 'g' sound of her last word Blue Lightning had gotten out of his chair, gone around the table, picked her up in a fireman's carry position, taken her to a room at the end of a long hallway and set her on her feet again. The room was furnished in nothing but cushions. A couple sofa size beanbag type cushions, several chair sized bean bags, many pillows of varying size and in the rooms center, next to where the two heroes were standing was a large mattress-like cushion. Blue Lightning said, "I promise, I won't violate your vagina with my penis, will you trust me to use my power to give you pleasure?"

"Yes." she said, rather shyly. Suddenly she was naked with the exception of her shoes and socks and Blue Lightning in bare feet was even more naked than she. She saw his blue and indigo skin tight body suit laying on a nearby bean bag along with her blouse and skirt. (with her tiny tits she had no need of a bra and her panties were down by her feet, apparently that was as far as the speedster could remove them without tripping her.). She had known he was tall (about 6 ft) and well muscled (a runners build). She now saw that he had blonde close cropped hair (an unusual hair color for a black man) and deep blue eyes. His circumcised penis was nicely shaped and she guessed that erect it would be about 6 inches long. She stepped out of her panties and kicked them to one side but then without her seeing them move they had joined the rest of her costume on the bean bag. "That," she said, "is a pretty good trick."

His reply was, "See how you like this one." and swiftly he was gone, but not gone. She felt a tingling all over her petite body and looking down at herself she saw an undulating brownish blur. It lasted for several seconds and then he was standing just behind her and he whispered in her ear "I call that the tongue bath." and she realized that she was very damp from her chin down to the tops of her socks. She felt her nipples harden. He placed his hand on her hips and leaning down he gave her slow deliberate kisses on her neck and shoulders. He slowly moved his hands up her body until they rested on her small tits. He again whispered in her ear, "If you'll lay down on the mattress I can show you another super speed trick."

She lay on her back on the thick cushiony mattress. He kneeled down near her saddle shoe clad feet and taking a leg in each hand pulled them wider apart. He placed his tongue on her inside left ankle and unhurriedly licked along her calf, past her knee, along the inside of her thigh until his mouth reached it's goal. A pretty pink pussy, not shaved, but completely devoid of pubic hair. With his tongue he leisurely and thoroughly explored her vagina. 

"As you can see there are some things I enjoy doing slowly." he said. "But I promised to show you another of my tricks." And he placed the tip of his tongue on the tip of her clitoris and proceeded to vibrate his tongue (and with it her clit) at super speed for about three seconds. Then he stopped and looked up to be able to see her face. It took her non-super speed nerve endings several more seconds to recognize the stimulation they had received and it was only then that she experienced the first orgasm. 

What followed was a full two minutes of multiple and simultaneous orgasms. The Virgin was screaming her pleasure at the top of her lungs as Blue Lightning lapped up the juices gushing from between her legs. As the orgasms subsided and she was trying to catch her breath Blue Lightning with deliberate slowness kissed and licked his way up her body, pausing for a good while and giving complete attention to her navel and then again at each of her breasts. When his mouth had made it's way to her mouth they kissed passionately. She said, "What you did. That was amazing."

"There's more." he said, and as they continued to kiss he eased his finger into her pussy. He slid it in and out a few times at a slow pace and then added a second finger. When he added the second finger, still moving them with purposeful slowness he again gave his oral attention to her little pink nipples. As he moved his two fingers in and out of her hot pussy he began to vibrate them as he had his tongue earlier, at super speed (although now it was a much slower super speed).

She had often pleasured herself with a vibrator and this was very much like that, only a hundred times better. She was again screaming out her ecstasy. Whereas before her cries of pleasure had been inarticulate, now they came out in a stream of profane words and phrases, many of which she would be surprised that she even knew. 

There can be such a thing as too much pleasure and Blue Lightning was very careful to stop his ministrations just short of that. Being an attentive lover, while she lay there recovering her strength, he kissed her on the forehead and then ran out and got a couple of damp towels. In seconds he had given her a sponge bath and then given one to himself. Then he ran out again and got them both a snack.

They each enjoyed a sandwich and some grapes. He washed his down with a beer and she with a popular cola drink. When they had both finished he leaned over and kissed her lightly. Then his face close to hers he said, "I enjoyed what we did very much and I... and I just realized I don't even know your real name."

"Jennifer" she said.

"Nice to meet you Jennifer, I'm Brandon. Like I was saying, I enjoyed what we did very much and I'm pretty sure you enjoyed it too."

"Now that is an understatement!" she said.

"Well Jennifer, there's one other thing I'd like to do with you. You've got such a pretty little ass. I'd really like to fuck it."

"Of course, Brandon." said Jennifer, as we can now call her, "I'd like that very much."

"Okay, there's something you'll need to know, or it might freak you out. Remember I told you that women assume I'd climax at super speed. It's true. What they don't realize is that I also recover at super speed."

"I don't get it."

"I cum, and then before my cock has a chance to grow flaccid I'm horny and hard and cumming again. For all intents and purposes it's as if my cock stays erect. I could stay that way for hours except no woman would have the stamina to keep up with me. But don't worry I'll be very careful with you, the way I was when I tongued your clit and when I fingered your pussy."

"Okay." she said kissing him, "but why did you think that would freak me out?" 

"Because," Brandon said, "there's lots of cum involved. Lots."

"Okay," she said again, positioning herself comfortably with her ass up on one of the larger bean bag chairs. He ran from the room got a bottle of lubricating oil and was back again before she even knew he had gone. His hands wandered over her body and then he was fondling her lovely white ass cheeks. His cock was really quite stiff now and he liberally covered his rod with the oil. He pushed the head of his thick, stiff dick into her tight little butt hole and pushed little by little until his 6 inch shaft was completely engulfed in her creamy flesh. As he continued fucking her ass he knew his super speed would not really kick in until his first ejaculation.

Meanwhile Jennifer was encouraging him verbally, "Oh my ass feels so good filled with your big black cock. Oh yes that feels so good. Oh YES Oh God YES fuck my ass Stud fuck my ass!"

And then he was cumming and his super speed kicked in. For him it was a succession of orgasms, one following the next. For her it was as if her ass was being fucked twice as fast as a normal man was capable of moving (she was being fucked much much faster than that but the sensation was as if it were double normal speed.) And then the cum was cumming. Quarts and quarts filling her and then when she was fully filled quarts and then gallons gushing from her, down her legs and down to the floor.

He was grunting his pleasure and she was again screaming obscenities. And then he knew it was time to stop. He removed his still erect cock from her sweaty, flushed, exhausted body and tenderly kissed her cheek.

And from the direction of the doorway came applause. He looked to see the source and filling that end of the room were all of their teammates, clapping. "Nice work, lad." said Colonel Strong.

"But what, how...?" said the still naked Blue Lightning.

"It's simple enough," said Princess Amazon. "We all came running when The Virgin was screaming from the first of her orgasms and when we realized what was going on we didn't want to disturb you, but we have been enjoying peeking in on you discreetly."

And as Blue Lightning saw the look in Princess Amazon's eye, and that of Miss Atomic, and Merry Maiden, and some of the heroines of Hero Force, he had the feeling that he was going to be much more popular in the future.