 Sgt. Frank Murphy of the Centerville Bomb Squad cut the blue wire and watched as the counter on the device in front of him snapped from 3 to 2.

"Guess my number is up." he thought; and he thought of his wife and how much he loved her.

There was a blue blur before him and then the device was gone. He didn't get it. Then there was a hand on his shoulder. Attached to the hand was a blue sleeve. He followed the sleeve up to a face. The face of Blue Lightning. "You okay Sarge?" asked the Superhero who's power was super speed.

"Yeah, thanks. Thanks a lot." said Murphy, "So where did you take the bomb?"

"I didn't have much time," said Lightning, "so I dropped it off in the derelict factory building on Brinkman Street."

"The one scheduled for demolition? Yeah, that makes sense."

Just then Lt. Harris strode up. "Got a message for you, Blue Lightning, just came over the radio. Seems there's a letter or something for you sent care of the precinct."

The 'letter or something' read: "Please come see me at Dolphin House Prison. Friday 6:30. Bring a large vegetarian pizza." it was signed, "Ana Mishuni, A.K.A. Beautiful Dreamer."

Some months previously:

     Headline: BLUE LIGHTNING CAPTURES BEAUTIFUL DREAMER.

     Headline: D.A. PROMISES CONVICTION OF NOTORIOUS SUPER VILLIANESS. GIVES CREDIT TO BLUE LIGHTNING.

     Headline: DREAMER CONVICTED

     Headline: BEAUTIFUL SUPER VILLIAN TO SERVE SENTENCE IN SPECIAL FACILITY.

Friday 6:30. Blue Lightning, complete with pizza, was at Dolphin House Prison. "I'm here to see Ana Mishuni." 

"Yes, we were told to expect you. Please follow me." The woman in the guard uniform was rather attractive, Blue Lightning noted. Hispanic, he thought, although he had known Italian and Greek women who had similar complexions and bone structure. She was saying, "As you know, our facility is specially designed for the imprisonment of super powered criminals. There is a very effective power dampening field. Unfortunately the effect does not discriminate. Visiting heroes are also unable to use their super powers while they are here. We hope this won't be too uncomfortable for you."

"I'm sorry," he said, "but where are we going? I thought the visitor center was down that way?"

"It is," she replied, "but the conjugal suites are down this way." Seeing the expression on his face she added, "I'm sorry. I assumed you knew. Miss Mishuni scheduled you for a conjugal visit."

"Oh." was all he could think to say. Then he added, "I thought conjugal visits were for husbands visiting their wives."

"That was the original intent, but most prisons these days allow for some latitude. Discreetly of course."

They had been walking as they were talking and the pretty Guard now stopped in front of a door. "Here we are. I'm authorized to disclose a couple of items from Miss Mishuni's medical file. She had a recent physical and she was found to have no S.T.D.'s and she has a birth control implant. I need to lock up the door after you. Take as much time as you want. Enjoy yourself. When you are ready to leave just press the intercom button and the guard on duty will let you out."

She opened the door, he stepped through it, and the door closed and locked behind him. Somebody had made a real effort to keep the room from looking like a large jail cell. The same somebody had managed to keep the room from seeming crowded.

There was the bed, of course, just big enough for two. The bedclothes sported an understated pastel floral pattern. Feminine but not so much so as to make a man feel uncomfortable. She was not on the bed. There was a kitchenette area. Sink. Microwave. A couple cabinets and drawers. A half sized refrigerator. She was not in the kitchenette area. Near the kitchenette area was a small table, complete with tablecloth, and two chairs. He set the pizza on the table. She was not sitting at the table. There was a love seat. Beige corduroy, thick cushions. She was sitting on the love seat. Or perhaps lounging. Or posing. Blue Lightning couldn't be sure. But she definitely made a pretty picture.

Her Japanese ancestry was evident in her delicate facial features, her coal black long hair, and her petite stature. She was wearing a close approximation of her Beautiful Dreamer costume. A scarlet colored tube top and matching Capri style pants. Her feet were bare. Her feet were almost always bare. Her toenails and her fingernails were painted the same scarlet as her clothes.

As soon as he had seen her she was on her feet rushing at him. Her arms were around his neck. She had had to jump up to get her arms around him and he found his arms instinctively going around her, lifting her. And she was saying, "You came, you came, you really came, I was so worried you wouldn't come."

And he found himself saying to her, as if comforting a child, over and over, "It's alright, it's alright, I'm here now." His senses were assaulted by the closeness of her. Her scent faintly familiar and hinting of lemons. His eyes taking in the black of her hair, hints of her creamy skin, and a deep bright red of her outfit. But most of all there was his sense of touch. The weight and feel of her in his arms. The pressing of her body against his torso. He was especially aware of the pressure of her firm round breasts against his chest.

She was now saying "I was so worried you wouldn't come but now you're here and you brought the pizza like I asked. So I guess we should sit and eat." Blue Lightning reluctantly set her on her feet. "They gave us some wine. Sit down please. I'll bring over the wine." she continued.

The superhero, considered a moment, took off his face mask and sat at the table. Watched the woman walk over to the kitchenette area, pour the wine into two glasses and bring it over. He stood and waited as she set the glasses on the table. When she sat he sat. They ate pizza in silence, sipping wine.

Blue Lightning broke the silence. "There's something I need to know. Why me? Why me for this type of visit?"

"Because," she said, her eyes dropping shyly, "because I've had a crush on you since the first moment I saw you. I know it doesn't make sense. You were trying to put me in prison and I only ever saw half your face before today, but as soon as I saw you, well, I've wanted you. And you," she continued, "You didn't leave when you found out it was a conjugal visit. You've taken off your mask. Does that mean you intend to stay? That you intend to be with me tonight?"

Suddenly he realized that that was precisely what he wanted, what he intended. That from the first time they had clashed over three years ago he had been intrigued by this petite and gorgeous woman. "Yes, I very much want to be with you tonight. But..."

"What, but what?"

"Well, it's this power dampening field they've got here. I got my super powers when I was still a teenager. I've always been able to rely on my powers when I wanted to give pleasure to a woman. I feel like I'll be, well, like I'll be working without a net here."

Ana laughed at this, a dainty melodious laugh., and then she said "You mean to tell me you have some super speed sex tricks? Yes, I guess you do. Maybe some day you can show them to me. But for tonight we'll just have to do things the usual way." She reached over and touched his hand. "Please don't worry. I would be happy tonight if all you did was kiss me and tell me you think I'm beautiful."

He stood up, walked around the table, with his hand on her chin he encouraged her to stand. He said "Then let me make you happy, because you are very, very beautiful." and he kissed her. First a soft kiss on her upraised lips. Next a tender kiss on her cheek. A few gentle kisses down the nape of her neck. As he placed a gentle kiss on her chin he put his arms around her, pulling her to him, lifting her feet from the ground. Again his lips sought hers. This time not gently but with the force of his desire for her. The passion of his kiss was met, her lips to his, her tongue entwining his.

As she wrapped her legs around his waist she felt her toes curl in her pleasure. He withdrew from the kiss long enough to tell her once again how beautiful he thought she was and he was startled to see tears of joy in her eyes.

He carried her over to the bed, laid her down softly. They continued kissing. They kissed with the fervor of two people who just discovered what kissing was. His hands discovered and explored her breasts through the thin fabric of her top. Her fingers were now in his close cropped blonde hair, now tracing the line of his jaw, now just lightly stroking his ebony cheek.

He pushed up her top exposing twin orbs of sculpted beauty. His lips left hers. He kissed one perfect tit and then the other. They sat up together and Ana cooperated with him in completely removing her tube top. They kissed again as his hands wandered over her now naked breasts. She unzipped and helped him remove his shirt. She planted kisses along his chest and stomach. With her hands she directed him to lay back on the bed. 

The women who had been known as Beautiful Dreamer got off the bed to help Blue Lightning remove his boots. Having accomplished that task she unzipped his pants and pulled them and the jockey shorts off together exposing his erect penis. .

Still positioned between his legs she removed her own pants and then the tiny pink lace thong that had been beneath them. His breath caught at the sight of her completely naked before him. She crawled back onto the bed. She ran her scarlet painted fingernails along the inside of his thighs sending delighted shivers through his body. With her nails she combed his pubic hair before grasping his erect shaft in one hand as she began licking his cock head. She wondered at his pubic hair. The same blonde color as the hair on his head. Such an unusual hair color for a black man. She wondered if it was natural or if perhaps it might be another result of whatever had happened to give this man his super speed powers. (in this surmise she was indeed correct).

Her tongue first found his mushroom tip. The rich flavor of his pre-cum. Then she was licking his entire shaft as a child would lick a fudgecicle. As she surrounded the head of his cock with her mouth she was pleased to hear his gasp of pleasure. She began to suck his cock in earnest all the while teasing his balls with finger tips and fingernails. 

And when she felt the approach of his orgasm, with one fingernail tip she traced the path between his anus and his scrotum. With each stroke of her fingernail there was a spurt of his cum. She felt it in the back of her throat, tasted it filling her mouth. And she swallowed it as if it were the most precious of fluids. 

When she had drained him she continued to suck on his cock. Licked up and swallowed every drop of cum which had escaped her lips. When his cock had lost the last of it's vitality she kissed it and continued to kiss up the length of his body. 

Her small body now rested atop him, her head now pillowed on his chest. They lay together fully aware of the contact of their bodies, re-gathering lost strength. 

Blue Lightning lay back thinking that sex without super powers had it's advantages. First advantage had been having his cock sucked for the first time in his life. Next, that a single orgasm could last so long had never before been his experience. It made it seem so intense. 

{an aside to the reader: if you also read my first Blue Lightning story you will be able to guess why with his super speed powers functioning he had always felt that enjoying the receiving end of oral sex was too dangerous to allow.}

When he had rested for a time he rolled over laying Ana on her back. He repositioned himself and lifted her foot to his mouth. He lovingly kissed the entire foot beginning and finishing with her toes. With the first kiss she had laughed gently. But with each additional kiss her amusement turned to a more sensual pleasure. Her breath grew heavy. First her right foot and then her left foot got the same attention. 

He marveled with delight when he approached the soft pinkness between her legs. The delicate, fine hair in the vicinity of her pussy was, if anything, darker than that on her head. He let his tongue wander her pussy lips. He thought them delicious. With deliberate slowness he pushed his tongue deep into her pussy. His hand resting lightly just below her stomach felt the tremor of her bliss. He wiggled his tongue and the tremor returned along with moans of pleasure. She pushed her pussy into his face and wiggled with delight. He emitted a low laugh of pure pleasure and continued to give this gorgeous woman's gorgeous pussy the attention it deserved. Soon she was screaming with joy. At first she cried out in inarticulate noises of happiness but these were soon followed by shouts of "Fuck me fuck my pussy fuck it."

So of course he did. Their lips met as she guided his cock head into her wet waiting snatch. "Oh Blue Lightning, I want your cock in my hot little pussy."

"My name," he said, "is Brandon" Now the outside observer will no doubt think that Blue Lightning has been acting rashly, first removing his face mask before a known Super Villain and now telling that same Villain his true name. Let us remember that the Superhero is, under the mask and costume, a man. Let us take into consideration that the man may have thoughts and motives that differ from those of a Superhero agenda.

As the hero/man's cock was sliding into her, out, and in repeatedly she was saying "Yes Brandon, my wonderful Brandon, my handsome Brandon."

And they came together, each crying the name of the other.

{watch for further Blue Lightning adventures}