 Blue Moon

Ever since I was a young teen-age kid, I had dreamed of going on a long cross-country drive.  Kids and their dreams I suppose.  And though I'd imagined doing it, even planned it at one stage, time and money had prevented me from ever doing so.

Until now.

Now, here I was, divorced two years, still in my early thirties, and made a fairly decent living with plenty of money.  Enough so at least to have finally completed a project I'd been working on for the past two years after my divorce.  I had just recently refurbished and remodeled an old Volkswagen Bus.  It looked brand new, and ran like a top.  Unlike the original versions however, I'd made several sweet modifications to it.  Behind the driver and passenger area, the back was outfitted for camping.  I'd installed a customized bed for comfortable sleeping, still had enough room for a small pull down table and a miniature refrigerator as well as several other modern conveniences.   Now, with two week's vacation coming to me, I was bound and determined to live out my lifelong dream.

The only thing that was a little different was that I had no desire to actually travel across the country.  What I did want to do however was take in most if not all of the Western States.  From what I'd been reading and looking up, there was plenty to see and do, and I didn't want to rush through any of them without spending the time sight-seeing and enjoying myself.   For the most part, there were plenty of KOA's, or similar places I could pull into and spend the night.  When I couldn't, or when I preferred not to, my refurbished van would prove more than adequate for pulling off the road into some cozy remote area and spending the night that way.

So it was that I headed out of Salt Lake City on a bright and early Saturday morning to begin my two-week adventure.  First stop was Jackson Hole Wyoming.  It wasn't even a full day's drive away either.  But I figured it was just far enough to break "Becky" in, the name I had given the bus, and had actually painted on the rear end.  Fitting, as it had been "Becky" my first true love, who I'd lost my virginity to in a van similar to the one I was now driving.   And though I had been through Jackson Hole before while heading up to spend a few days at Yellowstone National Park, I had never really spent any time there seeing the sights.  Which I now planned on doing.

I had also made one other conscious decision, whenever I could, I planned on taking the more scenic routes, staying off the freeway as much as possible.  Part of this desire to travel this way was in seeing the rural countryside, going back in time just a little if you will, as Becky and I cruised along together.  There were still enough back country roads to make it feasible, even if it meant it would take me a lot longer to actually get where I was going.  The nice thing was, I wasn't in any hurry.  I had no time frame, no deadlines to meet, and no real agenda except to drive, see what sights I had always wanted to see, and go from there.

I had been on the road for a little over two hours is all when I came around a bend on the two-lane road I was driving on.  Up ahead I spotted what appeared to be a young woman hitchhiking.  Now normally I wouldn't have considered stopping, especially this day and age, and especially since the last thing I was looking for was any company.  I'd been enjoying my drive, just me and myself.  And besides, it wasn't the way it used to be when a lot of young kids traveled around doing just that.  Picking up hitchhikers these days just wasn't safe.  However, she was obviously alone, didn't appear to me as being some sort of a serial killer, though I suppose she could have been as I pulled up alongside, stopping.   Though I did notice she was reasonably cute too, though she herself looked a bit like a throwback to earlier times.  Dressed almost like a hippy, it seemed very fitting under the circumstances that I should stop and offer her a lift.  When I spotted her up ahead, I noticed she was walking with her thumb stuck out, turning to face me as I came around the bend in the road.  She was wearing very tight faded and somewhat worn out bell-bottom blue jeans, a pair of open-toed sandals, which couldn't have been all that comfortable walking in for any distance, and a yes she was, a tie-died tee shirt.  I noticed she had taken the tail of it, tying it in a knot just below her breasts, exposing her midriff.  But more importantly, accentuating her very obvious braless breasts, which were neither too big or certainly too small.  Especially for her five and a half foot frame over what couldn't have been more than a hundred pounds.  Another reason I wasn't too terribly concerned about pulling over and offering her a ride.  Unless this hippy had a gun hidden on her person somewhere, she didn't look all that scary.

She wore her light brown hair long, in a ponytail, carried a small rucksack over one shoulder which obviously contained all of her worldly possessions.  And like I said, plain-faced as she wore little if any makeup, she was nevertheless very pretty in a plain-Jane sort of a way.  But it was obvious just looking at her, she couldn't have been much older than eighteen or nineteen even then.

And she actually didn't even wait for me to offer her a ride either.  The moment I pulled over she came running up, turned the handle on the Bus and jumped in without asking me where I was headed, or even if I was willing to give her a ride.  All she did do was smile, say thanks, and then asked me where we were going.

"Jackson Hole," I informed her, to which she smiled.  "Where are you headed?"

"I've got a friend who's working in Yellow Stone during the summer," she informed me.  "Going there to see her for a few days."

"Well, figured I might head up that way myself, but am still planning on spending the night and the following day in Jackson Hole.  You're welcome to travel with me from there to Yellowstone, unless you're in a big hurry."

The young woman glanced over towards the back taking in the accommodations which included my already made up cozy little bed.

"Nice," she said simply.  "Sure, why not?  Sounds like fun."

I couldn't believe my good-fortune, and though she was at least ten years junior to me, she looked like she'd been around for a while so was obviously able to take care of herself.   And she obviously didn't appear to have any misgivings towards me, or in perhaps sharing a fairly small bed not really meant to sleep two people, though it could easily do so.   Even then, I didn't automatically assume she'd be sharing the bed with me either.

"By the way, my names Jack, and this here is Becky," I said introducing her to myself along with the VW.  She burst out laughing.   "What?"

"So's my name," she informed me.  "Well actually it's Rebecca.  But I've always gone by Becky."

"You're kidding me!"

"No I'm not...seriously, it is.  I can show you if you don't believe me," she said preparing to rustle through her tote bag.

"I believe you," I told her.  "Just funny is all...and maybe a fitting sign as old Becky and I here are making this first real trip together.  And then you come along.  Another Becky."

"Yeah, maybe it's fate...Karma," She said smiling back.  And then once again looking over the back seat towards the small little sitting nook I had in the back, she asked me.  "You have anything I could use to wash up with?  I've been on the road for the better part of three days now.  I'd like to see about scrubbing off some of this dust and dirt I've managed to pick up."

"Sure, there's fresh water inside the refrigerator, you're welcome to use that.  Plus there's some clean towels and such in one of the drawers next to it.  Sorry I don't have any real private accommodations for you to be able to use."  Once again she smiled, and then reached down pulling her tie-died shirt up and over her head before I even realized it.

I sat staring at her pert young breasts, though quickly glancing forward towards the road again seconds after she'd done that.

"I'm sure I don't have anything you haven't already seen before," she told me, and then wormed herself through the seats separating us and into the back.  I glanced up in the rear view mirror watching her.

"Maybe not," I thought to myself.   "But it's been a while since I've seen any on this young of a woman."   I watched her as she sat down and likewise pulled off her bell-bottom jeans.  Somewhat surprised she was even wearing panties, though those she kept on for the moment as she opened a couple of drawers, soon finding the towels I had told her about.  She held one up looking up front towards me.

"One of these?" she asked.

Once again I was forced to look up into the rearview mirror as she stood there.  Obviously she had no problem with me looking at her breasts as she stood there holding up the small hand towel.  As I'd surmised in the beginning, they were neither too large, nor too small either.  A nice good-sized handful, though I now did notice of course, her rather large dark-tan areolas, twin nipples that stood proudly up and off each, two hard little rocks capping each breast.

"Yep!  That's them," I responded looking back at the road as she leaned over opening the fridge, taking out a bottle of water.  Once again I stole another glance, enjoying the way they hung there for a moment swinging about as I hit a couple of rough spots in the road.  She had to reach out, steadying herself and then stood up again.

"If you want to watch, I'd rather you pulled over to do so," she informed me.  "I'd rather not end up down in a ditch," she added though she was again smiling.

"Sorry...wasn't me, it really was the road," I said feeling a bit sheepish, though I did inform her I'd just then spotted a road sign indicating there was a rest-stop up ahead.  "I'll stop there, need to pee anyway."

"Go right ahead, already did just before you showed up, so I'm good for a bit," she said making me realize she must have simply squatted somewhere off the side of the road just before I had come by.   And even as I took the exit leading up to the rest area, Becky continued to stand there washing herself up, dampening the towel and then running it over and around her firm breasts.   At least the place was nearly empty, though I pulled into a spot well away from where anyone else was currently parked.  She was still washing herself up as I opened the door before stepping out.

"Be right back," I told her.  "You ah...need anything?"

"Not unless they have any clean panties in a vending machine," she stated.  "These were my last pair...guess I'll be going commando until we reach Jackson Hole."  She stood sliding those down her shapely legs as I sat there.  I took another long second looking at her, and then stepped out closing the door.  I looked down, already sensing as well as seeing what was a very obvious and unwanted erection.

"Get a grip Jack," I told myself.  "She's half your age!"

The one thing I had immediately noticed of course was the small light brown patch of hair covering her mound.   Something I hadn't expected to actually see either as the style or trend these days seemed to be a bare pussy, or very little hair at all.  And though it certainly didn't look unruly, as she obviously kept it well trimmed, it was odd seeing so much hair between a woman's legs again...especially for such a young woman as Becky obviously was.

It took a while for me to be able to finally pee, standing there at the urinal waiting for my erection to go down just enough so that I could.  By the time I made it back to the Van, Becky was again sitting in the front seat.  Naked.

"Feel better?" she asked.

"Ah yeah...you?" I said glancing over towards her somewhat nervously.  And though I knew no one could currently see her, anyone passing us by in a vehicle taller than we were certainly could.

"Much...thank you," she said grinning.  "I really needed that."

"Obviously, you need some clothes too," I offered.  "I'm sure I've got something you could wear if you'd like."  I couldn't believe I'd just heard myself say that, a sexy sweet young...naked young woman sitting there next to me, but I had.

"Only if my sitting here like this makes you uncomfortable," she informed me.  "I'd actually like to sort of "air out" for a bit if you don't mind.  I do have one more change of clothes I can put on after I do for a bit.  Unless you'd rather I don't."

"Doesn't bother me, but you might want to keep an eye out for any big rigs, or cops..." I said pausing.  Once again she laughed.  "Yeah, guess I'd better do that since I'm sure you'll be looking elsewhere," she continued to giggle.

We soon after pulled back out onto the road, and I was careful to pretty much keep my eye on the road, as well as the traffic.  But as Becky eventually drifted off to sleep hugging the door, it was hard not steeling glances her way for the next two hours.  Just outside of Jackson Hole I stopped, waking her up.

"We're almost there.  You might want to think about putting something on now."

I'd pulled over at a spot in the road that afforded us a little privacy around a small stand of trees.  Seeing where we were, Becky smiled opening her door, stepping out.  "Cool, as now I do need to pee," she informed me, and walked over a few feet next to the trees though I could still see her from where I was sitting.  She hunched down balancing herself, and then peed.  I looked away, wondering if she'd look over, but then looked back.  Sure enough, she was...and waved, but continued to pee anyway.  And now...I had to pee.  I got out, walked around the opposite side of the tree stand and began doing so.  As I did, I then heard footsteps as she came up to stand beside me, watching me as I did.

"Almost makes me wish I had one of those," she said looking down as I nearly pissed all over my foot.  "Almost..." she giggled as she saw me do a quick two-step before I did.

I zipped up, followed her back to the van and then stood there watching her dress.

"My last semi-clean outfit," she informed me, throwing on what was a pair of very short cut-off Levi jeans and an almost too tight light blue tank top.  

"We'll stop for the night at a KOA, a lot of those have laundry facilities, perhaps you can wash your clothes up there."

"That would be great," she told me, though she looked somewhat worried and hesitated.  "One other thing."

"What's that?"

"I don't exactly have unlimited funds, so would it be ok with you if we maybe we stopped and just got a Big Mac or something for dinner?"

"Don't worry about that," I assured her.  "We'll do better than McDonalds, though nothing too fancy either.  Neither one of us will be dressed for that.  But it's on me."

"Jack?"

"Yeah?"

"Just because you're offering to buy me dinner, and giving me a ride an all?  It doesn't mean I'm willing to fuck you for doing it."   I opened my mouth in an attempt to assure her I hadn't even remotely thought of that...though for the briefest of moments, I actually had yeah.  "Breakfast maybe..." she then added before I could respond.  

"Better make that one a nicer café' then," I said grinning at her as we headed on in to Jackson Hole.

**

After we had in fact gotten ourselves something to eat, we pulled into a KOA, one with laundry facilities.  After checking in and getting our spot, Becky headed over towards the showers and laundry area.  I was in need of a shower myself, and followed her over.  It was late, and no one else was inside as she dumped everything she owned into one of the washers.  "Getting this girl to wear clothes is becoming nearly impossible!" I thought.  "Here, maybe you should at least wrap yourself up in this," I said handing her a large towel.  "And besides, you can probably use it to shower," I added informing her I was about to do the same.  "You're clothes should be ready by the time we get done doing that, then you can thrown them into a dryer.  We can come back for them later before hitting the sack."

I started to head into the men's side shower area, and noticed her following.  "Ah...the ladies are on that side."

"Yeah, I know.  But I've also learned, even places like this aren't all that safe, especially late at night.  So if you don't mind...think I'll stay with you," she informed me.  "And besides Jack...not like you haven't already seen it."

Which was true of course, but she hadn't really seen me, which was something else entirely.  Not to mention the fact that I hadn't really taken her teased indication all that serious either, and hadn't expected to end up sleeping with her.  Well...sleeping maybe, but fucking her no.  And I'd actually hoped to have a few minutes to myself in order to take care of the urge that had been nagging me for most of the day.  Still, I saw her point, so led her into the men's area after first ensuring we'd be alone.  Even then I thought for sure she'd step into her own shower, but there again, she surprised me as she stepped into the one I'd chosen.  

"I'll wash your back, and you can wash mine," she informed me, and then proceeded to begin doing so.

Needless to say, as she did, I became aroused.  Standing in as close of quarters as we were, it was a little hard not to.  Something she quickly discovered too, though by now I was fairly confident that had been her intent the entire time.  Within moments she had given me a thorough washing, if not an outright blatant stroking, just short of making me come.  I soon stood washing her back, and then turned her around where I likewise gave her feminine bits as thorough a cleansing as she had given mine.  Actually fondling her breasts, soaping them and teasing them, we were both soon hornier than hell.

"Ah, maybe we should go and see about your wash now," I reminded her.  "And especially before anyone else decides to take a late night shower."

As the van was parked fairly close by the shower/laundry facility, neither one of us bothered getting dressed, simply throwing towels on around us.  After we'd stuck what clothing we had in the dryer, we headed back to the van.  

Seconds after we had slipped into bed, I had slipped into her.  It had been a long time since I had made love to a woman.  Too long.  The feel of that exceptionally tight, yet liquid pussy was nearly too much to withstand.  It took every ounce of willpower that I had to keep from pouring my seed into her, seconds after I had entered her from behind.   We fucked in a slow, easy going rhythm there in my tiny little bed, that now proved more than adequate as I spooned her from behind.  Reaching around, fondling those exquisite breasts of hers, her hard stiff little nipples, as my cock slowly eased in and out of her was far more delicious than anything I could even remember.  After what seemed and felt like an eternity, hearing Becky as she began to climax, thus triggering my own, we came together simultaneously.  The intensity of my own orgasm spinning me off into space, thousands of little stars filling my head, shooting about as I somewhat vaguely remember her rolling over to kiss me, sweetly even as the ebb of ecstasy washed over me.

"I'll go check on the laundry...be right back," I heard her saying.  And then succumbed to the blackness that consumed me.

**

It was the brightness of the morning light coming in through the window that woke me.  I slowly opened my eyes, reached out, and then sat up.  Becky wasn't in bed.  I half expected her to be sitting there looking at me, but what I found was a hand written note sitting on the table instead.

"Dear Jack, I met a guy in the Laundromat who said he could take me on into Yellow Stone first thing this morning.  I know you said you wanted to spend another day in Jackson Hole before moving on again, so I didn't wake you.  I didn't want you to feel obligated to me, or change your plans on my account.  So I hope you'll understand.  I needed to get going again.   Thank you for everything.  It was really nice spending what time I had with you, I will always remember it.   Becky."
