 Beneath the falls their bodies glistened in the pale moonlight as the mysterious warmth of the water poured down on heated skin. The rushing stream seemed to come down in an endless river, making their bodies slick against one another. Her black hair was unnaturally long and spilled down the lithe terrain of her body, cascading around both herself and the man against her. Strong legs wrapped around his waist tightly as she clung to him, her long nails raking down the sensuous curves of his back, moving lazily as they rocked together as one.

With each inward thrust from him, her fingers would squeeze his balls fervidly, relishing the way they rolled around in her palm, as if seeking to escape her merciless grip. He gritted his teeth as she did this, trying to maintain his control until he ached terribly in her grasp. With a harsh breath and a soft whimper he burrowed his cock deeply inside her and she grinned slyly, using her fingers to pressure his balls again as if she sought to burst them, like succulent, overripe fruit squirting its hidden juices all over her hands. An erotic chill shuddered through her at the inane thought and she moaned softly, watching with glazed eyes as his head thrust back, lips parting as he growled like some injured animal. He could feel his sex pulse hotly deep inside her, straining achingly as the sensations overwhelmed him, making him long for an orgasm as if it was all he ever wanted. As the sweet agony began to die his head fell forward again and he glared at her, his dark eyes ablaze with new desire. She merely smiled and squeezed him again, soothingly, and the slight pain in his balls ebbed into an excruciating pleasure.

A guttural moan drifted from him then, the sound carrying off to be lost in the rushing noise of the falls around them as he churned his hips, pushing against her roughly with a searing desperation. His slick, white hair stuck to the frame of his face – a stark contrast to the deep bronze of his skin – and his eyelids fell shut as he fought to control himself, driving into her wet warmth again and again. Her body tingled with exhilaration in the knowledge of how easily she could excite him, and how effortlessly he could excite her as, she too, felt the telltale beginnings of a long awaited release. 

Her toes curled against the supple curve of his ass and she breathed harshly, tipping her head back and feeling the water pound against her skin. His eyes opened at the sound of her soft moans and he stared at her through heavy lids. With her head tilted back, her chest heaving under the force of her breaths, and the gleam of sweat against her outstretched neck, he was unable to resist as his lips sought the inviting flesh beneath her chin, nipping and kissing the tender skin there. He moved down slowly, lapping at the stretched skin of her neck, grazing white teeth over the arc of collarbone until his mouth found the luscious curve of her breasts. Shivers ran down her spine when his teeth found a delectable nipple and grazed it wickedly, before taking the swollen bud between his lips and sucked on it incessantly. 

Spears of electric pleasure shot through her body, warming the hot furnace of her core even more, slicking her thighs as he drove into her, and she clasped strands of his long white hair in her hands, moaning loudly. He felt light-headed as the sound of her cries for him fed his lust, making his blood sizzle as he sucked and pulled at her other nipple, occasionally biting the flesh with his teeth. The heat of his arousal burned with a perpetual ache under each long, deep thrust, and he could feel his cock twitch and strain against the rippling clutch of her inner walls on him. Needing relief in the worst of ways, he decided to put an end to the agony and sought to bring her to completion.

She was intoxicated, swimming in a sea of sensation as she clung on to him. Water poured in runnels, like torrential rain, down the smooth terrain of her body. Lovingly, a firm hand slid down the length of her back, moving around the curve of her hip and in-between to that hidden part of her that longed for attention. With a smirk he played his fingers along the slippery wetness of their joined bodies, and then moved them tantalizing upward to the small protrusion of flesh nestled deeply between her inner thighs.

The tight gripping sensation on his head as his hair was pulled and then released fueled his lust even more, and he ran his fingers over and around the slick surface of her clit, enjoying the feel of her warm come lubricating his hand as it smoothed over that small portion of her sex. He rocked into her more forcefully, aiming for a particular spot deep within the wet coiling walls that clamped around him, and grinned as her cries became more profound and heartfelt when he struck that sensitive area hidden within a women. Out of nowhere, exquisite heat exploded through every nerve and she cried out, coming in a maelstrom of freedom, her head tossing about wildly in her state of euphoria. She ground into him deeply, easing the explosion in her belly onto his hard cock, drenching them both with the liquid fire that seemed to spread throughout every cell in her body.

"Aahhnn...oohhh...nngghhaahh...!"

The sounds of her pleasure combined with the feeling of her release through the quaking of her thighs proved to be too much for him. He buried his face against her neck and groaned deeply, his body shaking with anticipation of his own climax. His hips pushed against her roughly, feeling the liquid heat of her orgasm drowning his cock, oozing down over his balls, which were pulled up tightly; ready to release their pent-up essence.

As she regained some of her composure she heard his urgent groans and noticed the glazed expression on his face as his body thrusted with short stabbing motion, hands gripping tightly against the firm flesh of her ass. She smiled drunkenly, breathing heavily, contented as a deep satisfaction began to sweep through her body. Wanting to grant the same sensations to him she focused on his pleasure, constricting the inner muscles of her soaping wet cunt around his twitching cock, milking him with each contraction. A throaty moan erupted from him then and he ground into her desperately, feeling his legs beginning to tremble. Sensing his readiness her hands reached down and felt his balls tense as the hot flame of his desire began to boil over. She squeezed and pulled the fleshy sacs, kneading them roughly while her nails dragged over the really sensitive part of them that sent shockwaves of feeling up the length of his cock. He grunted and began to thrust into her savagely, wanting nothing more but to end the pleasure that swelled in his turgid sex and teased every nerve of his tortured body. She clamped down on him suddenly, twisting her hips, constricting his swollen length as if to squeeze the life out of it while moaning heatedly against his ear. 

His reaction was sudden, almost violent, as he felt the orgasm rend from his shaft. He cried out loudly, his body spasming in her arms feeling the steamy come burst through the sensitive slit of his cock. Over and over he came with a helplessness that threatened to buckle his knees, feeling the rushing heat flow through his arousal and the pounding of the waterfall against his skin. It was liberating, as if something primal had broke free from his body and was finally released in a hailstorm of sensation. She continued to grasp and pull on him teasingly, squeezing the plump sacs as the smoldering heat of his come threatened to melt away his cock.

"Uuhhnn...nngghh...urgghhaaggrr...!"

She trembled, clinging to him tightly, his storm of cries rattling her bones and mixing with the rushing noise of the unusually warm falls. The water beat down on them insistently, calming their lust. She could feel the molten bursts of fluid flooding her insides, mixing with her own come as it seeped down her legs, coating his shaft, making them shudder with raw emotion. He groaned deeply, rolling his hips into her and feeling weakness wash up his legs as the last of his orgasm melted into her. They collapsed into the pool of water around their feet, feeling the weight of the small river-like falls crashing down on them. Exhausted, they napped in each other's arms; the light of the full moon causing the miniature falls to sparkle and their bodies to glint underneath the flow of water.

Awareness slowly returned to him as he felt the cool splash of water on his skin. Opening his eyes wearily he realized he was now in the deeper recess of the cave behind the waterfall. His eyes darted around the cavern in search of the mysterious woman but, to his disappointment, she was nowhere to be found.

Spotting his attire near the cleft of water he retrieved his clothing and dressed quickly. As he made his way around the falls and began to climb the slippery stones to the surface, he found his mind wandering back to the memory of midnight black hair and honey-glazed skin pressed against his own flesh. What haunted him the most were serene blue eyes – their calmness and tranquility reminding him of the sea after a storm. Only these eyes were also filled with a sadness and longing he understood all too well. It was what prompted him to dive into the lake and gave chase, knowing he would live solely on the whim of the nymph.

A water nymph. 

She hadn't drowned him, something unusual for one of her kind. He stood atop the edge of the cliff overlooking the scenery of the lake, feeling the breeze stir his long, wet hair. Individually, they were both wounded and alone. However together it was as though they had found peace in each other's arms – if even for the briefest moment – and a deep sense of comfort and belonging. In doing so they were able to heal, or in the very least, begin the process of healing.

Unexpectedly, his gaze locked on the nude form of the nymph in the water, watching him silently, her silken black mane floating around her in a sleek, liquid caress. She turned, preparing to leave, but hesitated with a single glance over her shoulder. After a moment she slipped beneath the clear blue surface of the lake and disappeared.