 She woke up one morning and the first thing she noticed was that the feeling of change which she had had inside of her for so long was gone. She got up and walked to the full-length mirror on the closet door, stripping off the sweatshirt she wore to bed as she went. Some time ago, she had stopped looking at any reflection of herself (other than the top of her head to comb her hair). Knowing full well what she must look like, she was finally ready to actually SEE herself. She stood in front of the mirror and stared at the... goddess... reflected in the glass.

Huge, firm breasts speared their thick nipples outward, supported by a ribcage both wide and deep. That ribcage was capped by broad, strong shoulders on top and shrank down to a tiny waist. Hips swept out in a broad curve and then belled in to become long, shapely legs. A sidewards stance revealed the fullness of her tits, the flatness of her stomach, and the roundness of her asscheeks, as well as the profuse curliness of her public hair. She ran her hands over her body, reveling in the lush curves. She kept moving her hand over herself, feeling her cunt moisten as she stared at her incredible body.

Her incredible body. Her now-incredible body. Her body which had never looked anything like this before. Before twelve weeks ago. Before that day.

TWELVE WEEKS AGO

The roof of the office building in which she worked didn't offer much to those people who wanted to eat lunch out there when the weather was good. Just one picnic table, not nearly enough chairs for everyone, and an only-average view of the city. But for those people it was a lot better than eating at your desk or grabbing some fast food. There wasn't much talking; those who came up to the roof to eat generally wanted to be left alone for a while.

Something. Happened.

Overwhelming sensation ripped through her, dizzying her and throwing her to her feet. Afraid that the building was collapsing, she stayed down... and prayed... until she noticed that the people in front of her were standing unconcerned and looking at her. She stood up and looked around. Not only was the building still standing but also so were all the other people on the roof. They plainly hadn't felt anything and were curious why she had fallen down.

Wait. One other person looked like she felt, unsure of himself and still shaking in reaction. She walked over to him - slowly - making sure of her balance. Oh, she'd seen him on the roof before, but had never had need to speak to him and had just mentally dubbed him The Fat Guy because he was, well, fat. Well, she was going to speak to him now. But he beat her to it.

"What the hell was that? It felt like thunder, but without the sound!"

"Or like an earthquake," she agreed, "without the ground moving. But nobody else noticed anything..." He looked around at the others for a full minute before turning back to her. "Yeah, you're right. But how could they not feel it? I still feel it!"

So did she, she realized. A very-slow-motion explosion inside, affecting every atom of her body. "I feel it, too. But I guess I'm OK. How about you?" He agreed that he himself felt all right, and they joined in the general movement toward the stairwell - lunch hour was obviously over. The two agreed to check in with each other and see if there were any ill effects. But it did seem to be over.

By the time she got home from work she knew it wasn't over. She was changing, becoming different. But how? Into what? She didn't have a clue. She decided then and there never to go up to that roof again - no way to tell what might happen at a future date. And never to "check in" with The Fat Guy - the last thing she needed was some obese stranger tracking her transformation into... into...

On impulse, she stripped off her clothes and stood naked in front of her full-length mirror. No difference. She saw the same skinny, lineless body she'd had ever since she was fifteen. But the feeling of change inside her now had a not-quite-voice, and it whispered. "Not for long. Not for long."

TEN WEEKS AGO

She stood in front of the mirror and looked at herself. It was true. Even clothed, she looked good: slender curves asserting themselves under her Junior Miss fashions. Tiny changes every day had added up to quantum changes in her body. The additional pounds from her increased appetite were certainly going to 'all the right places'. There was a flow and grace to her walk which had never been there before. She still had no idea just what was happening to her, or why, but she hoped it kept on happening.

EIGHT WEEKS AGO

For the first time in her adult life, she bypassed the "petite" section in the clothes store and bought from the "women's" section. The choices of style, cut, and color were amazingly large compared to what she had been used to. And bras were now a necessity instead of a not-really-needed option - she actually had breasts and they needed to be held in place. She could think of worse problems...

SIX WEEKS AGO

She stared at her mirror and wept with joy at her naked image, at the hourglass figure which she had not even dared to wish for as a teenager. Shifting her weight caused her big breasts - hell, they were tits now - to sway smoothly back and forth. Her widened hips swayed in counterpoint. "Damn!" she exulted, "you are one fine figure of a woman. And a great piece of ass!" Oh, yes, and the men were noticing... it was both exciting and annoying to fend off passes. But along with the obvious changes in her body had come changes which made her stronger in mind; she could now say NO and mean it.

FOUR WEEKS AGO

Terrific. In only a few weeks she had gone from a woman who was so flat-chested she didn't need a bra to one who needed a 'minimizer' bra to make her clothes fit. She now had a figure so voluptuous that she was forced to wear bulky sweaters and full skirts at work to escape the constant stares of the men and a few women.

TWO WEEKS AGO

Back to the specialty store for yet a larger size in bras. She was starting to feel a lot like Clark Kent pretending not to be Superman, but in her case she was pretending that she did not have a figure befitting a top-line stripper. She did buy one revealing outfit which she wore once to a club far outside of town - to avoid any familiar eyes - but being constantly hit on, leered at, and pawed was not her idea of a good time. Never again. And she stopped looking at herself in the mirror.

NOW

She finally tore her hands away from caressing the voluptuous curves of her body. She was getting horny and she just didn't have time to masturbate before she had to leave for work. With a longing glance at her nakedness in the mirror, she fit her huge breasts into the largest size 'minimizer' bra available. She sighed. Even with the bra, her tits still pushed out the heavy sweaters she wore and her nipples were visible whenever she got the least bit excited. Also it was hard to find skirts which fit her tiny waist, broad hips, rounded ass, and curvy thighs. But now that the change was apparently over, she hopefully could stop buying new clothes.

As the morning at work wore on, she felt more and more oppressed by the bulky clothes she wore. By lunch-time her desire for fresh air had become so great that she decided to go up to the roof to eat. To hell with caution, she decided, what else could happen to me? Once on the roof, she was lucky enough to snag an empty chair and collapsed into it with relief. Drifting off into a daydream, she imagined herself on a nude beach, unafraid to bare herself to the world. She felt the sun shine down on her gigantic, naked breasts and summoned a muscular beach god to rub her all over with sunblock. When the shadow fell over her, she assumed it was the bronzed hunk in her fantasy until a male voice asked, "Is that you?"

Her eyes snapped open to see the man who was in fact standing between her and the sun. The first thing she noticed was that he was wearing a bulky sweater much like hers. The second thing she noticed was that his sweater was swelled by his massive chest, shoulders, and arms while it fell in loose folds at his waist. The third thing she noticed was that his face, no longer doughy but sleek, belonged to The Fat Guy.

"Well," he said, "I figured that you'd turn out looking good, based on what happened to me, but I never imagined that you would look this good." She stared at him mutely and he responded, "There aren't really any words, are there...?" People began to move to the stairwell and she got to her feet automatically. He crooked his arm and grinned, "Allow me to escort you, madam." She couldn't help grinning in return; the old-fashioned courtesy broke through her defenses - besides, he'd just been nicer to her than just about every man who'd spoken to her for weeks. He was also looking at her face and not at her chest.

She slipped her arm into his and they walked together. Squeezing his arm experimentally, she tried to stifle a gasp at the hardness of his football-sized muscle. "Maybe he's not so creepy after all," she decided, and was so busy keeping that huge arm trapped between her arm and her breast that she scarcely noticed walking into the elevator with him for the trip down. The lunchtime crowd filled the car quickly and pushed her in front of him. As the last passenger wedged into the car in front of her she stepped backwards unthinkingly and pushed her ass up against a soft but truly impressive cock. Sexual excitement blasted through her, stiffening her nipples and juicing up her cunt. She twisted around and pressed herself, front to front, against The Fat Guy. As she ground herself against sculpted muscle and a cock which got bigger with each breath, she had just enough brainpower to think "I can't call him The Fat Guy anymore."

She pulled his ear down to her mouth and whispered, "I've got to fuck you... now!" His prick swelled even harder against her crotch as beads of sweat popped out on his brow. Where? she thought. Not the supply closet: not a padded surface anywhere and someone could walk in at any time. Then she remembered the special suite kept ready for executives who needed a place to relax. As the elevator door opened on her floor she whispered that he should go down to the fourth floor and wait for her. Reluctantly she pulled away from his Herculean frame and strode to her desk. She found the spare key to that executive suite, told her co-workers she was on a "special project", and hurried back to the elevator. She whacked the DOWN button to summon a car, and, when she got in it, stabbed the 4 button hard enough to hurt. Come ON, she breathed, HURRY!

The elevator door opened on the fourth floor to reveal him lounging against the opposite wall, trying to look casual... and trying his best to conceal a hard-on worthy of a stallion. She grabbed his hand and towed him to the suite door. As soon as that door closed behind them she started tearing off her clothes and he followed her lead. Then two naked bodies could finally crush together while their mouths met in a french kiss which was surprisingly gentle. She moaned into his mouth as she felt her huge tits flattened by the pressure of his giant pectorals until they covered the whole of his massive chest. Her nipples were as hard as diamonds as she ground her sopping bush against a cock which felt as big as the rest of his physique!

She pulled back to take a look at that massive organ. "No way!" she exclaimed, "I'll never get that monster into my cunt or my mouth!" He groaned with frustration and burst out with "Then tit-fuck my cock! I feel like I'll explode if I don't cum..." Forced by a hunger she couldn't control she dropped to her knees and began licking the huge rod to coat it with slippery saliva. She heard him groan again and the damned thing grew thicker. Then she knelt upright and snagged it between her now-aching boobs. Using her hands to hold her tits in position she began to rub back and forth in time with his involuntary thrusts. Heat from the friction of flesh on flesh was matched by the heat radiating out from their blazing bodies. He began to grunt in time with the surges of his cock through her tits. The grunts and thrusts got faster and faster until his cock exploded, shooting blast after blast of jism onto her sweaty skin. He slumped down to the floor, drained. Good enough for him, she thought in frustration, but my cunt is on fire and I need to come, too. She began to finger her cunt and was just getting into a rhythm when his voice surprised her: "Allow me to assist you, madam."

She opened her eyes and found his hungry eyes staring back at hers. Fast recovery, she thought. His mouth was open and she remembered how his talented tongue had danced in her mouth. She lay back and allowed him to attack her pussy. Sucking, licking, and tongue-fucking all combined to bring her to climax. She crushed his head against her crotch with all her strength. Then her body curved like a bow as her orgasm swept through her, waves of ecstasy sweeping away all thought.

She would have been content just to lie there but he evidently had other ideas. "Get onto the bed," he said in a throaty voice which sent shivers through her cunt. As she climbed onto the bed she could see that he was hard again. REAL fast recovery, she thought and allowed his hands to shift her onto hands and knees as he purred, "Let's try it doggie-style." Those hot hands grabbed her hips and raised her ass into the air. His cock nuzzled into her cunt, making sure the position and angle were right, and then pushed slowly into her slick hole. Amazingly enough, the thick head entered her without much pain. Then he leaned forward and grabbed her tits - even his big hands were not large enough to cup her massive, hanging globes. Pure pleasure exploded out from her nipples to her cunt and his cock was able to slip further in. A little more and his ball-sack slapped against her clitty, causing her cunt to become wet enough to accept the entire length of his rod. Then he began thrusting and she could not tell if his hands sliding over her breasts or his huge rod pistoning into her cunt was more thrilling. The thrills built and built until her pussy grabbed his prick with a grip of velvety steel. Her cries of fulfillment were matched by his bellows of joy as his jerking cock submerged her womb with spurts of semen.

They collapsed onto the bed and let their breathing come back to normal. She shifted onto her side so that she could embrace her magnificent lover, feel her sweaty skin merge with his. He kissed the tops of her flushed, swollen jugs and trailed his tongue up the line of her throat until he could kiss her lips, softened by climax. "How?" she whispered, "how did you become a superman?" He replied, "The same way you became a superwoman. Whatever happened to us on that roof, and I still have no idea what, did it. I figure that I replaced a pound of fat with a pound of muscle every day, on the average." He raised his free arm and flexed a mighty bicep. "Since I was so big already, hardly anyone noticed that my chest and my stomach were exchanging places. Wearing oversized clothes helped--."

"--Tell me about it," she interrupted, cupping her breasts together to create a huge mound of flesh. He smiled in understanding and resumed his story: "A few people did notice some change. They'd ask me, 'Are you on a diet? Are you working out?' I never really answered them. What could I say? Besides, nobody could see the other changes in me."

She followed his gaze down to his cock. To her amazement, it was again becoming stiff. She reached out and stroked it up and down, causing it to darken and grow to its full, incredible size. "Oh, Superman..." she moaned. It was only half a joke. "I think I can take it if you sit up." They tried a sitting position on the bed but it wasn't quite right. He pulled away from her, got out of bed, and sat down in a straight chair, prick pointing obscenely into the air. She straddled his legs, reached under her voluptuous ass to center his rearing organ between her pussy lips, and slowly lowered herself onto him. "God! You're so huge!" she whined as his shaft slid into her. Her legs could pivot around his muscled body and down around the chair to give her the angle she needed. He gently pushed down at her narrow waist to get more of his cock inside her, then pushed her shoulders back so that her could suck her big boobies.

That did it. As he palmed her giant globes and licked the passion-stiffened nipples, her cunt quivered, washed the head of his rod with fluids, and gaped open to allow entry all the way to his balls. Every square inch of her sensitive flesh was massaged by his cock and balls, from cervix through vaginal walls to clitoris. Her body vibrated in a mini-climax which left her aching for more. His large hands gripped her waist again, this time to pull her up his cock and to expose it to air for several long inches before he lowered her down again. After a number of such liftings she found that she could use her thighs to help raise her body and to use her cunt to squeeze his cock on the way down. He groaned, pistoning harder and harder until boiling scum again squirted inside of her. Since his now-limp cock was still the size of a normal man's erection, she used their sitting position to keep him inside of her and contract her cunt muscles repeatedly to trigger her own violent orgasm. His exhausted cock slid out as she moved backwards onto his brawny thighs. She pillowed her face against his massive chest and joined him in utterly-satisfied sleep.

The smell of food woke her up. She found herself alone, on the bed, so she followed her nose to the kitchenette. There he was, working his way through a frozen dinner - no, a second frozen dinner, she realized from the empty plate by his side. He gestured with his fork before he finished his mouthful and could say, "Hi! Want something to eat? I've got another in the microwave."

"Another?" she asked, "You've already had two."

"Hey, it takes a lot of fuel to keep me going." The microwave dinged; he pulled the hot plate of food out and set it in front of her. Her stomach snarled WHY ARGUE? EAT! She dug in.

After eating, they felt their sex drive revive. They kissed hotly and passionately, then moved to the couch and sprawled onto it in a 69 position. She soon raised her head and objected: "This is no good. I can barely get the head of your cock into my mouth."

"How is my mouth doing?" he asked. "Oh, it's wonderful. But I don't want to come before you do." He grinned and asked, "Then how about a 96?" Not waiting for her to ask what he meant, he turned her around and draped her legs over his neck. Then he carefully stood up, holding her in position upside-down in front of him. Her legs tightened and she wrapped her arms around his torso to hold herself in place, squashing her huge tits against his washboard stomach. His mouth began working on her cunt and pleasure washed through her. She licked his throbbing cock in return. He stuck his tongue far down her cunt and then bit gently at her clit. She screamed as she came, her mouth widening enough to allow his cock to slide all the way in to the back of her throat. She tried to scream again but the gargantuan rod blocked her throat. His cock finally exploded, shooting wad after wad of cum in her mouth. She swallowed continuously to keep from choking and finally pulled her mouth away. He slowly sagged to the floor and took her with him, both satiated.

It was great just to lie there with him, to stroke the hard curves of his body as he stroked the soft curves of hers. He twisted around and attempted to kiss her but she pulled away. "I don't think we want to kiss just yet," she explained, then got to her feet and headed to the bathroom. As she suspected, it was fully stocked, so she pissed, brushed her teeth, and used mouthwash for good measure. He pissed and used the toothbrush himself. When he came back to her by the desk, it was obvious by his grin - and yet another erection - that he had something on his mind. "Do you want to try it on the bed again?" he asked. "Sure--" she started to reply and before she could say another word he had grabbed her, picked her up, and thrown her halfway across the room onto the bed. "What the hell!?' she blazed as he literally leaped on top of her sprawled nakedness.
