 It was Chelsea's first visit to the gynecologist. She had just turned 18 and since she was not sexually active she found no reason to go before. She was a very attractive and petite young woman. She didn't want her parents to know about the visit because they would think she was having sex. Her friend Elena told her about the clinic and that she should go just to be checked out. 

Chelsea was so nervous when they called her name to go back in the exam room. "I need you to take off your clothes and put on this gown, Chelsea," said the nurse. "Leave the opening in the front." 

After the nurse left Chelsea undressed and put on the gown. She climbed on the table to wait for the doctor. After a few minutes the doctor came in. "Hi Chelsea, I am Dr. Jacobs," the Dr. told her. 

He was a very attractive man who looked to be in his late thirties. He reminded her of George Cooney. "It says here that this is your first exam," the Dr. said. "I guess you are pretty nervous then aren't you?"

"Yes," Chelsea said. "I just want to get this over with."

"Okay well lay back and put your feet in the stirrups, and move your bottom all of the way to the end of the table," the Dr. told her. "I am going to call the nurse."

Chelsea tried to calm down while the Dr. left to get the nurse. Her heart was raising a million beats a minute. She wondered if this would be easier if he were not so attractive. What if he could tell that she was attracted to him? Well if so she was sure all of the girls that came here were.

"Chelsea, this is the nurse Sharon," the Dr. told her as he walked back in. "Sharon will be assisting today."

"Okay I need you to relax. This will not hurt," he promised. 

The Dr. placed a sheet over her so she could not see what he was doing. He put on the latex gloves, and lubricated them with KY Jelly. He then pulled the light down so he could see. He parted her lips to expose the vagina. He carefully inserted one of the fingers and felt around. 

Chelsea took a deep breath. She had never been touched by a man before. Nothing has ever entered her vagina. She closed her eyes out of embarrassment. 

"She is still a virgin," the doctor told the nurse. "It has also been ten days since her last cycle. I think we need to set her up for a more thorough exam"

"Chelsea, you are going to feel a little pinch okay?" asked the Dr. "This will help you relax so we can examine you a little better without you being so nervous." 

She felt a sharp pain shoot through her clitoris. Chelsea screamed out in pain "What are you doing?"

"I just gave you a little something to relax you," the Dr. said. "Now we are just going to take a little blood for the lab, then we will give you a couple of minutes for the medicine to take effect. You are going to be fine."

As he drew some blood from her arm she noticed he had the most beautiful blue eyes. They almost seemed as if they were glowing. He gave her a reassuring smile and then left the room.

Laying there alone she started to feel strangely aroused. She didn't understand what was going on. Her doctor was quite attractive, and those eyes were almost hypnotizing, but why would this be turning her on? The urge became so strong she had to refrain from touching herself. Her full size C cup breasts became very tight and her nipples stood erect. She could feel the juices dripping down the crack of her ass. What would the doctor think when he returned?

The doctor and nurse returned after a few minutes. The doctor came to her side and opened the front of her gown. He smiled at the sight of her perky and aroused breasts. "I see you have started to relax," he told her. He slowly ran his hands around both breasts. He felt every inch of them. He squeezed them and pushed on them and seemed very content with what he felt. As his hand brushed across the erect nipple Chelsea groaned in pleasure. "I can see that you are ready for your exam," the doctor said.

Again he was behind the sheet so Chelsea could not see what he was doing. Her loins seemed to pulse in anticipation of him touching her. He parted her and put his fingers into her again. She could feel him stretching her with his fingers. He began to move his fingers in and out of her. He started to circle her clit as he moved his fingers in and out. 

"Oh, that feels so good," Chelsea could not believe she heard herself say. 

He then placed another finger in and picked up the speed of the finger rubbing her clit. She started to buck her hips in unison with his fingers. As she loosened up some more he slid the rest of his fingers inside. She felt him trying to push his whole hand in but she was too tight. He continued to run in and out pushing a little deeper each time. 

"Come on Chelsea relax all of the way for me," he said. "I want you completely open for me. You are perfect. Your womb is ripe, and your body is pure."

"Do you think she is ready now" the nurse asked?

"Not yet, I don't want to rip her," the doctor said. "Once I am able to fit my fist into her then I can try. She is so beautiful. How often is it that we get a young woman of age that is still pure? The human species is the only species that we can actually breed with, and most of them are not pure when they turn of age." 

Dr. Jacobs bent down to taste the sweet pure juices that Chelsea was releasing. Chelsea moaned in pleasure as his tongue circled her swollen clit. Every time she started to shake he would stop. "Not yet my precious one, I need you to save that for when you have me inside of you," the Doctor told her.

Finally he was able to fit his entire fist into her. He moved it in and out to make sure she was fully extended. He stood up in front of her and released his monstrous erection. Chelsea was too overwhelmed with passion to understand what was happening. 

He removed his fist from her and positioned himself to enter. "Don't stop, please don't stop," Chelsea begged breathlessly.

The doctor grabbed the top of her legs to hold her in place. He placed the head of his cock right at the entrance of her wet, swollen womanhood. With one swift plunge he forced himself deep into her loins. 

"Oh my God...Stop...Wait...Owww," Chelsea screamed in pain. 

The doctor ignored her and continued to plunge his massive member as deep inside of her as he could go. With each thrust pushing deeper than before. He loved the feeling of her wet tight vagina around the monster that was within her. He watched as he opened her more with each push. He watched as her nice round tits bounced time his body slammed into hers. He watched as she screamed and begged him to stop. 

He wouldn't stop though. He knew that in a minute after her body loosened up for him that she would be begging him not to. He knew that she would be taken over by a greater passion that she has ever known. He knew that never again would she feel the way she is about to feel. No matter what he is about to give her the greatest pleasure she will ever know. 

Chelsea being a virgin did not expect her first experience to be like this. When he was examining he made her feel so good. She wanted nothing more than for him to fuck her. Now that he was deep inside of her it hurt so much she wanted him to stop. He wouldn't quit he just kept plowing deeper and deeper into her. She could feel him into her stomach. 

The doctor picked up the pace. He felt it was almost time to drop his load into her. She had stopped screaming and was starting to move with him in unison. He positioned her body so he could feel the entrance to her womb with the head of his shaft. He knew she was almost there. She was almost ready to accept his seed. He gently started to massage her clit. She began to tremble and groan. She begged for more. She wanted it now, and she needed it now. It was time.

The pain quickly turned to pleasure. Chelsea no longer felt like she was being ripped in two. She felt the need for him to go deeper inside of her. She liked the way the huge member felt as it filled her so much. All of the nerve endings in her body were pulsating with every thrust. This was the most wonderful feeling in the world. 

All of a sudden she felt a sharp pain deep inside of her. She looked as she heard the doctor groaning. His eyes were glowing blue staring deep into her soul. When she felt the gush of his juices it was like an ocean of pleasure whipped through her body. Her eyes rolled back into her head, and her body shook as if she was having a seizure. She felt as if she were on the greatest high there has ever been. 

As the doctor watched sweet Chelsea spasm he knew his seed was being planted deep into her womb. His sperm continued to flow into her. He hoped he had planted a son, a breeder like himself inside of her. Chelsea was so beautiful with her long blonde hair, and her perfect tight petite body, he wanted to be able to do this to her all of the time. He knew this would be his last time. Her body was no longer pure. This was his only shot with her to create a son. He had to save his seed for others. 

When Chelsea awoke she had no idea how long she had been asleep. She remembered the wonderful feeling of pleasure but was not sure if it was just a dream. She felt the intense pain between her legs. As she sat up she felt hot juices gushing out from inside of her. She knew it wasn't just a dream. 

"It is nice to see that you are awake," the nurse said as she entered the room. "Do you feel okay?"

Chelsea didn't know what to say. She didn't know how to react. She just stared at the nurse wondering what had just happened. 

"The doctor wants to see you in a month," the nurse told her. "You need to take these vitamins each day until your next appointment. Do you think you are going to be okay?" The nurse asked.

"Yes, I am fine," Chelsea responded. "Can I go home now?"

"Just don't forget to set up your appointment. It is really important that you see the doctor again in a month," the nurse told her. 

Chelsea hurried out of the office. Everything was so weird to her. She had no intentions of coming back. All she wanted to do was go home. 

Chelsea found it difficult not to think about the doctor. The pleasure of him inside of her was with her always. She remembered the intense feeling of lust, desire, pleasure, and intoxication as he came in her. She began to yearn for it. She wanted to go back to see him now. She wanted him to come inside of her again. It was like a drug she needed it. It became an obsession. She had to find a way to get back to him.

Chelsea called the clinic everyday to see if he would see her. Every time she called she was told she had to wait until the end of the month. She couldn't stop thinking about it. With each day that passed the more she yearned for him. The more she needed his cum inside of her. She wanted him so much it hurt. The pit of her stomach felt hollow and needed him to fill her up once more. 

Finally the day came. She waited for him. She was ready for him. She knew she had to force him into giving it to her again. Maybe he would ask her to come every month so he could do it again. Maybe he would take her as his lover and she could have it everyday. All she could think about was being filled with his seed once more. 

She was called back to the examining room. She didn't even put on the gown. She just threw her clothes off and jumped on the bed. When the doctor came into the room she was already in the stirrups waiting on him. 

"Well Chelsea this is sure different from the last time you were here," he told her with an evil grin. "I take it you were not disappointed with your last appointment"

"Dr. Jacobs, I have not been able to stop thinking about you," Chelsea confessed. "I have yearned for you all month. I really need the same kind of exam you preformed last time," Chelsea begged pathetically. 

"I just need to examine your womb," he told her. "I will give you something at the end of the exam to help with that feeling you have. Now lay back and let me check you."

Dr. Jacobs was from a planet called Zeliod. Their woman had become infertile a few generations before. They found in the quest to keep his species from going extinct that humans were the only ones that could produce a Zelion species and there not be much of a change in the DNA. The Zelions DNA was more powerful than the humans.

From the urine test he knew she was pregnant. He wanted to make sure the cervix had sealed over like it was supposed to. Human cervixes were not strong enough to hold a baby of his species. Over the years the doctors from his planet have been genetically altering the breeders DNA to have a chemical in the semen to give the cervix a greater ability to hold the force. It also made it very powerful. That is why it was almost like a drug. Once a woman had a taste of Zelion sperm she needed it for the rest of her life. 

He was very pleased to see that the cervix was just as it needed to be. Now he just needed to get her where his doctors could keep an eye on her. He needed to make sure his child was born healthy and raised with other children like him. They tried allowing the humans to raise them and then take them back once they were adults, but that did not work. Humans fear anything that was not like them. Fear brings out the aggression. They found it easier just to take the women in and care for them for life. 

A male sperm will only attach to a pure human body. Out of twenty boys born only one will be a breeder. With the way the human race worked it was extremely difficult to produce enough breeders to keep the species going. The penis of a breeder was also very large. It is much larger than a human is used to. If they tear the vagina will trying to reproduce with her it could cause infection and the baby will be lost. 

There were two other differences between a breeder and the regular male Zeloids. One was regular male Zeloids only produce females. The other difference is the penis. The penis of the breeder is much larger to allow for the deepest possible penetration. It also has a small limb that protrudes when sperm is about to be released. It ejects out of the head of the penis and penetrates the cervix stretching it to allow a larger amount of sperm to enter deep into the womb. 

The woman can feel the limb when it hits the cervix. It is extremely painful. Yet the pain quickly turns to lust once the sperm is released. The sperms chemical properties are very appealing to the human race. It is more powerful than the strongest drug yet to be found. It fights pain better than morphine, it intoxicates more than alcohol, it cures stress better than Prozac, and it was more addicting than crack cocaine. 

"Chelsea, you are going to be a mother," Dr. Jacobs told Chelsea proudly. 

"What? No... I can't be... What will I do?" Chelsea cried. 

"Don't worry Chelsea we will take care of you," the doctor informed. He slowly started to circle her clit with his thumb. He knew this would send start the yearning for his sperm. This would make her lose her concerns with being pregnant and only think about having him inside of her once again. 

Chelsea started to settle down. She began to think about the last time he did this. She started to remember the wonderful feelings that she felt. She wanted to feel those feelings again. 

"Chelsea I want you to come live with me and my family. We will take care of you and your baby. I want you to become part of my family as the mother of my child," Dr. Jacobs told her as he continued to massage her clitoris. "Would you like that?" He asked.

"Yes, yes anything. Dr Jacobs please cum inside of me again. I need you inside of me so bad. I can not take this yearning anymore." Chelsea pleaded. 

"As much as I want to I can not. If I were to penetrate you again I may hurt our baby," the doctor told her. "I can give you what you desire."

He asked the nurse to leave so he could take care of Chelsea's needs in private. He took off all of his clothes and exposed his massive manhood for Chelsea to see. 

She could not believe the size of his dick. She has seen pictures and none were this thick or this long. She has never seen one that was uncircumcised before though. He told her that if she took his load in her mouth it would give her the same feeling as when he took her. 

She quickly jumped off the table and got on her knees in front of him. She started licking the tip of the cock. It tasted so sweet. She slowly started to take the head into her mouth. She felt his shaft start to harden inside of her lips.

"Play with my balls my beautiful one," he told her. 

She did as she was told and started to fondle his balls while taking more of his rod into her mouth. He was now so hard she could not open her mouth any wider. He was trying to push his meat deeper into her throat but she kept gagging. "Calm down, and let it slide in more," he told her.

She tasted the warm sweet taste that was dripping from him. It had a numbing affect as it slid down her throat. This allowed her to take him deeper into her mouth. His head was now sliding past her tonsils. The little bit of precum that slipped down her throat filled her with the passion of a crazy woman. She was now trying to swallow all of him. She could feel every vein on the rock hard shaft even down into her vocal cords. 

He couldn't take it anymore. He was watching this little woman take almost his whole member all of the way into her throat. It wasn't as good as taking her virginal pussy for the first time but it felt damn good. He felt the pressure building. He had a load to shoot into her and he knew she needed it. He grabbed her by the back of the head and shoved his shaft all of the way down. He began to shoot his huge load into her stomach. She sucked every drop of his cum out of him. As when he fucked her she started to shake and her eyes rolled into the back of her head. 

He grabbed her to keep her from falling as he slowly pulled his now softening cock from her throat. Even with shooting the majority of his cum into her stomach once his cock laid on her tongue his cum started to drain out of her mouth. He held her head back to make sure she got it all. He loved the way she looked with his white seed dripping from her chin. 

Again she woke in the exam room. She could barely talk as the nurse came in and gave her directions to their facility. She told Chelsea she had to tell her family that she was going away with some friends for a while, and not to let anyone know where she was going. 

Chelsea had to decide if she could handle being away from her family and friends for nine months. She figured being filled with the doctors cum would take away all of those concerns. There was something about him that could not keep him off of her mind. She needed him more and more. She decided that she would go to live with him. She was happy to be pregnant now. She could not wait to have his baby.