 Disclaimer: This chapter contains less sex scenes compared to the other stories, no dogs fictional or real were harmed in the making of this chapter, thanks to The Outlander for editing the chapter. I hope you enjoy the chapter. 

*****

It had been a week since Rhona used Sam's powers to get everyone Sam knows under her thumb. Sam was in control for five days, the mental stimulation being Rhona sucking him off and fucking him in the reverse cowgirl position. While whoever fucks Sam in Rhona's body. Meanwhile, Rhona could body jump just to fuck Sam harder. She was trying to wear him out to the point where her plan could come into play. 

Sam realised a few days before that Rhona did plant the notion to listen to whatever Sam/Rhona told them to do, this prompted Sam to personally go into certain people. Family and those he sees as friends, to mentally shield them from Rhona, even though it drained his reserves, making Rhona's plan move all the closer. Sam thought he was safe while he slept, but oh no! While Sam slept, Rhona took control of his body, and the majority of the time Sam was woken up because of intense stimuli to his body, such as being fucked hard by one of his housemates, or being eaten out by the female housemates. During these times, Rhona would be piloting the other body leaving Sam asleep to feel the brunt of the onslaught. All of this was taking its toll on Sam's mind, because on day 11 he fell into a deep sleep, one where Rhona could execute her plan. 

Before I get to that, how about a little bit of a view of what Rhona did when Sam was asleep or awake. 

First we take a trip to Sam's housemate. Scarlet, was a 5"5 female who wasn't thin nor fat. She had sizeable breasts 34DD. She had black hair, which she wore down all of the time. Rhona had taken control of her, force fucking her into submission the same way that she got Sophie to succumb. This meant that Rhona didn't have to plant the thought as she was now broken, so she would do whatever Rhona told her to do. 

Rhona walked the body out of the room and into Sam's, where the body remained static as Sam was sleeping. Not for long! As Rhona rather brutally plunged Scarlet's entire forearm into Sam's pussy in one movement which jolted Sam awake. Rhona withdrew the arm where the fist was covered in pussy juices, As Sam signed in relief, Rhona then forced as much of the arm down Sam's throat making him almost gag as the air was forced out of his lungs with the fluid movement. Rhona let off a long, sinister laugh, which sounded wrong coming from Scarlet. Scarlet's voice was light and dainty, so to unexpectedly get deeper the longer the laugh went on, was wrong. 

This routine lasted 4 hours, but everytime Sam tried to get back to sleep, Rhona would force the arm, or as much as she could, down Sam's throat to prevent him going to sleep. This meant that Sam's concentration in the lectures was halted to some degree, as Rhona would be mentally fucking him or blowing him, and trying to concentrate on both was a harder than Sam thought.

Moving onto Rhona's second conquest, a male, Martin was a slim, 6'6". With short blonde hair and a chizzled jaw, Martin had a 10" cock, which was uncut. Instead of fucking Martin into submission she decided to get Martin to drink her milk, which she began to secrete. However, this was no ordinary milk, it was tainted by Rhona's evil essence, being placed into the white milk turning it black. 

Martin had very little choice in whether or not he drank the milk, as Rhona grabbed his head forcing his mouth over her tit that was producing the milk. As Martin swallowed the milk, he began to change, he was becoming corrupted by Rhona's essence. Before he began to drink the milk, Martin was a caring, easy to get along with, loving to his family, partner and liked by his friends. However, he became aggressive, lustful, obedient, manipulative, with no conscience and no regard for the rules. Rhona laughed at the corruption that she initiated. "First thing you will do is go up and fuck me; Maddison is no longer your partner. I am!" Rhona said making the command move even deeper into his core.

Martin got up from the bed that he was in with Maddison to fulfil the command. Maddison was a 5'3" busty female with EE cups with an hourglass figure, and long brunette hair. When she tried to stop Martin, but Rhona jumped into her body, and rather than get her to drink her milk, Rhona bit her neck causing blood to spill. However, the bite caused Rhona to split herself in two. The main part that would be joined to Sam in her body, and the part that was now taking over Maddison. This caused Maddison to lose complete control of herself, and whatever happened, Rhona would be pulling the strings. Along with taking over Maddison's body completely as Rhona's life essence was too overwhelming for Maddison to handle. However, this meant that Rhona had to go back to Sam and the body that they shared due to the takeover using too much energy that she needed to recover. When Rhona got back to the body it was empty, only the mental form of Sam's body remained but there was no sign of any life from the body. 

Sam who fell asleep, used what little energy he had left to project his image and mind to those that he shielded. The people who Sam regarded as friends along with his family. One of the people was his housemate, Rhian, who was asleep, but straight. She was 5'6", slightly overweight, with DD cups. Her medium length hair could be worn in a ponytail, bun, or just down. Rhian was dreaming about going out with her friends, where her brother was dressed as her custom character in fallout 4. Where all of a sudden in her dream, Sam standing there in the street outside the pub. 

"What is this?" Rhian asked in her welsh accent. 

"A goodbye?" Sam replied. 

"Why?" 

"Because you are a friend, someone I trust. That is why I shielded you from Rhona." 

"The person that is using your name?" 

"Yes." 

"That is why I remember you as a male not the female body you have now. So why are you saying goodbye?" 

"There is a battle and I don't know if I will walk away from it, as we speak I can feel Rhona building the cage around me in my own mind. This is only a projection."

"I have so many questions about this!" 

"I can imagine you do Rhian, I will answer them if I walk away from imprisonment." 

"How will I know it is you?" 

"I will have the body that you see before you, not the female body." With that Sam moved onto someone else as he said his goodbye to Rhian. The person that Sam moved onto was his friend Callum. 

Sam and Callum's friendship has been going strong since they were both 12years old. They both had similar things in common, such as their love for Doctor Who, Pokémon, and Marvel. It meant that Callum's dream was a bit more unusual than Rhian's. Callum's dream was him and Clara having a date in Costa Coffee. Part way through Clara excused herself to the toilet, allowing Sam to take a seat and begin the goodbye speech, which he did, but with a takeout cup instead of the small ones you get when you eat in. 

"Alright Callum?" Sam started breaking the ice. 

"What are you doing here?" Callum replied in a tone that was mixed with nerves and confusion. 

"Just came to say goodbye. So I came into your dream to say it." 

"It that why you have a to-go cup?" 

"Yes it is I am afraid." 

"What's happening?" 

"Rhona, the person posing as me, is building a cage around me to try and take over my life." 

"So why say goodbye?" 

"In case I don't make it, those I trust can have closure before I go." 

"Don't say that!" 

"Just wanted to say you were fantastic, absolutely fantastic and you know what... so was I." Sam smiled as he disappeared, taking the to-go cup with him. On the table in front of where Sam was sitting was a letter folded in half. 

Callum grabbed the letter fearing what was on the inside. The letter read. 

"Dear Callum 

Thank you for being my friend, for all the times we have laughed, or when I misread a situation causing others to laugh because of my actions. I know this isn't much of a goodbye, me stepping into your dream, but just so you know you and those I trust will always hold a special in my heart. This isn't much but hope you like this parting gift, and thanks for allowing me the honour of being a friend. 

Yours 

Sam"

Callum looked up after reading the letter, only to see Clara stood there wearing different clothes; she wore a leather top that only covered up her chest, but ended at her shoulders. Leather trousers complete with knee high boots and leather gloves. It was Callum's fantasy with Clara, one that would lead to sex, and that is exactly what Sam did, made his fantasy his own personal dream. 

Sam continued to go round all 12 people that he trusted, giving them their own personal goodbyes. Before he had done everyone, Rhona had finished the cage in a mind palace where all of the doors to each room, tailored by Sam to allow him to cope with his high functioning autism, were closed. Sam closed his eyes and the next thing he knew he was waking up in the cage, one like that held by Lucifer in the TV show, Supernatural. This meant that the cage was suspended in his mind, by cast iron chains that were suspended above the ground some 30 feet.. However, Sam was not alone in the cage, as the entity that granted him the powers was their waiting for Sam to wake up. 

In Sam's mind palace. 

As Sam sat up he quickly knew that he was not alone in the cage. In a vast field Rhona created to hold the cage in place, which was held securely in place by chains diverting any electrical energy in the brain away from the contents of the cage There was a figure standing there looking down at him. Sam realised that the figure looked like Bob, the minion wore what resembled his nursing scrubs, the colour being that of a student. "Who are you?" Sam asked, breaking the ice with the other person in the cage with him. 

"I am the entity of the ring that you put on 5 years ago!" The newcomer meant for this to be grand and majestic, instead the seriousness was severely overshadowed by the minion voice that accompanied the look. 

"Why do you look like a minion, are those my nursing scrubs?" Sam asked trying hard not to laugh at the minion voice. 

"I chose this form from your mind in the past... or is it your future I always get the two mixed up. To allow us to discuss the predicament that you are in," The person started to explain, though he left it a few seconds before continuing to allow it to sink in. 

"You see Sam, I come from a race of people who can bring whatever other life forms want in their heart to life. During the 1950's on your planet, my ship crashed and I was stranded on this earth. Serves myself right for flying too close to the planet and getting caught in the gravitational pull. I escaped the wreck, but I needed immense power to create a new ship. Not the resources of the planet, but the power that life forms give when they hit a certain point where they are complete. So for 50 years I have been choosing people on this planet who can give me the necessary power to create my ship and leave." Minion Bob started to say before Sam butted in. 

"What does this have to do with me?" Sam asked. 

"I was getting to that!... In order to create a ship I need energy that is given off by changing reality, hence why you have my powers. If you can win against the one who took over your body with hers, then you will have the rest of my powers until you die. In turn, I will leave you and this planet behind, as the sheer energy from you will be enough power for me to create the ship." 

"How can being able to body jump to others, to control them and the people around them, not be all of your powers?" Sam enquired. 

"Glad you asked, those powers are just a glimpse, a taster if you will. My full powers are the ability to wish for anything and it'll happen just by sheer thought. But only if you can beat the person who imprisoned you in here." Minion Bob concluded. 

"He gets the idea! How do you think he can break out of the cage? It took me several years and the help of the angel; Castiel, that bitch of a witch and the would be king, Crowley, to bust out of here." Lucifer said stating the obvious. 

"Interesting! How did you get in here?" Minion Bob said. 

"He is a part of Supernatural, as this is the cage that is suspended in hell. With Lucifer trapped inside, with Sam Winchester in until death puts his soul back in his body, and Michael. However I only like Lucifer as he is relatable..." Sam started to say. 

"Don't forget badass who took down all the gods and my dear brother Gabriel." Lucifer added. 

"Wait. If you are here, then I have the energy to beat Rhona, as it is my mind which means it's my mind palace." Sam said as the realisation hit him like a truck. 

"Ding Ding he finally gets it." Lucifer said, cracking his neck and hands as if he was preparing. Instantly, Sam Winchester with his psychic powers, Dean with the colt, and Castiel appeared in the cage with Sam, minion Bob and Lucifer, just before minion Bob disappeared. 

With all of the people prepped to break out of the cage, Sam began to let his anger out regaerding the situation. Due to the mind that Sam and Rhona shared was Sam's mind palace, he began to turn that anger into energy, to give a Sayian like presence as the entire mind palace began to shake. 

Outside the cage 

Rhona had appeared surveying what she thought to be her kingdom, thinking that she had beaten Sam down into submission physically but not mentally. However, despite how hard she tried, she could not budge any of the doors in Sam's mind palace, so all of the doors remained closed. As Rhona went to look down another corridor, the entire place began to shake. Rhona rushed over to the cage, the closer she got to the cage, the more force she was hit with. Rhona quickly thought of Alistair and Azazel to act as her bodyguards, they didn't have to wait long. Moments later, the cage was sent flying towards the trio. The force resulted in a dust cloud, one that would settle in 5 minutes, showing the hole was in the cage. 

Sam didn't want to waste time, as Dean shot Azazel in the head, resulting a flash of light that made all of the skin around the bones glow yellow, before he slumped to the ground. Where the hole in his head was still smoking, as the bullet effortlessly pushed through Azazel's head. At the same time, Sam Winchester purged the demon essence from the body! However, instead of pulling that essence out of the body Sam Winchester ignited the essence inside the body, killing any life inside, as the body fell to the floor. While Sam had given Sam Winchester his physic powers, he just as easily took them away leaving Sam Winchester as human as they come. This left Rhona standing before the 5 of them. 

"So you managed to break out of that nice little trick, but I have more installed for you. Let's see how you deal with Titans," Rhona said arrogantly. The ground began to shake, as in the distance of the field were 100 titans running towards them. At that moment, all of the doors swung open in the mind palace, upon Sam's request. Deep within Sam's head, Jack Cooper's voice, along with BT7274's voice rang out. "Ready when you are Sam. Right BT?" 

"CORRECT PILOT COOPER." 

"One your mark Sam!" Pilot Jack Cooper prompted. 

"Let's see how you deal with this, attack on Titan's very own titans!" Rhona cackled from where the mind palace's corridors began, and where the field ends. 

"Rhona you should know by now that I am more powerful than you in here, and you should be prepared... To be more precise you should prepare for Titanfall!." Sam replied. With that stated, machines came hurtling down towards the cage. BT7274 piloted by Jack Cooper smashed into the cage shattering it into pieces, and creating a dust cloud so big that it concealed the majority of the area including Sam, Lucifer, Dean, Castiel, and Sam. 3 seconds after the titans touched down there was a volley of bullets that illuminated the dust making it turn an orange and yellow colour. 

The gunfire was hitting the titans running towards where the cage once stood. As 7 Legions emerged from the dust running towards the titans, BT leading the charge.

When the titans started fighting each other, Rhona started to run into Sam's mind palace, and just into the corridors, as she was a bit scared of what she might find in the rooms. However, she was running to try to find a specific door. It contained Sam's worst memory, behind which she could regress him to when he was 6. Behind that door was the person who sexually abused Sam for three years, from the age of 6 to the age of 9. His father! Sam knew this was where she was heading, so he tried to head her off, however while Rhona was running, she was busy conjuring certain things from Supernatural to slow Sam, Dean, Lucifer, Castiel, and Sam down. The first of these was the small group of gods that captured Sam and dean in season 5 of the show. 

As Kali the destroyer intercepted the 5 people, causing them to stop the chase, "Do you want to take care of them Lucifer?" Sam asked. 

"Thought you would never ask!" Lucifer replied, as he moved closer to the gods, allowing Castiel, Sam, and Dean Winchester, and even Sam to pick up the chase. Then a force stopped the 4 in their tracks, as Abadon stepped out, hand stretched out. Sam threw the first blade to Dean. When he grabbed it, the mark of Cain began to glow giving him the power to take down Abadon. Sam and Dean Winchester left Sam and Castiel to continue the chase. Before the two had time to resume the chase, people emerged brandishing angel blades, causing Castiel to leave Sam, so as to fend off the people. Sam continued the chase alone, and took a shortcut to get a head of Rhona. 

Sam appeared in front of Rhona, "I see that you dealt with those challenges. Let's see how you deal with putties!" On the word putties, the putty patrol from the TV show mighty morphin' power rangers appeared, and began moving towards Sam. 

"You might have me there, all I have are teenagers with attitude!" Sam replied. As soon as he finished saying it, Jason's voice rang out in the section of the mind palace that they were in simply saying "It's morphin' time!" followed by each of the rangers saying what they would do to morph. 

"Mastodon," Zack's voice rang out followed by. 

"Triceratops," Billy's voice rang out, which was followed by. 

"Pterodactyl," Kimberley's voice rang out which was followed by. 

"Sabretooth tiger," Trini's voice rang out, followed by. 

"Tyrannosaurs," Jason's voice rang out, and the final power ranger's voice rang out. 

"Dragon Zord," Tommy's voice rang out, and was followed by all of the power rangers jumping into action. The fight gave Rhona chance to escape down a corridor behind her. Sam ran straight into the room to his left and came crashing out of the door at the exact moment where Rhona was running past that open door. The impact propelled the two of them into the wall where Rhona fell to the ground, and she took the brunt of the impact. 

Sam grabbed Rhona's hair dragging her to her feet. Before either of them could say anything, Rhona thought called upon the aid of Freddy Kruger. Before he made his appearance known, the creepy music that Freddy has in Nightmare on Elm street began. Freddy lunged for Sam from behind, but Sam let a smile appear on his face, and Freddy's music stopped abruptly. It was replaced with Jason's music, as a machete impaled Freddy's abdomen. Jason was underneath Freddy, and the sudden force of being impaled, stopped Freddy's momentum, allowing Jason to lift the machete with Freddy on over his shoulder and fling with the machete into the wall, where It skewered Freddy into the wall
