 Authors Note: This chapter took a bit longer to complete, because of stuff happening IRL and this being placed on the back burner. Here is the final chapter and hope you all enjoy it. I tried to self edit this with help from people I know, just because living with High functioning Autism borderline Aspergers means that while it makes sense to me. It doesn't necessarily make sense to everyone else. 

*****

While Sam slept that night after talking to Rhian, the alien went to work changing Sam. The alien never revealed itself to be a destroyer of worlds. It tried to do things the civil way or as civil as an alien who has burnt worlds single handed. The alien tried to get Rhona to take over the fight, under estimating Sam when the alien saw what Sam was doing with the messages to all that he held near and dear, it decided, Rhona had outlasted her usefulness. 

Seeing her as nothing but expandable, a tool that had fulfilled its use. With her gone the alien tried to rewrite Sam's mind, however, because Sam had the mind palace in place the alien couldn't get near Sam's memories. Instead the alien chose to lock Sam within his own mind palace while the alien got to work ruining Sam's life while in control of the body. In the hope that Sam could be broken starting with his family. 

The alien chose to start off with Sam's nan which the alien teleported Sam's body to where his nan lived, while becoming a dark mist where Sam's body disappeared into the mist and went inside his dog Monty. In control of Monty, the alien did contemplate making his dog kill his nan but there was a more horrific way to do that. As Sam's nan had Lymphadema in her legs the alien made the legs swell suddenly to 20 times the size of her legs breaking the bones as Sam's nan cried out in pain the legs exploded showering the room with bits of bone and legs the noise of the legs bursting rang out through the street and it snapped Sam from his prison in the mind palace. 

Sam Could feel inside the mind palace the blood that soaked Monty's fur and began banging and pleading to the alien to reverse what it had done. But the alien only laughed and decided to punish Sam for the mild inconvenience of making noise by stopping Monty's heart and causing his beloved pet to die next to his nan. 

The alien then set sights on his mum and step dad, keeping the perception filter up the alien teleported Sam's step dad back to his abusive ex, but with a difference he was tied, gagged and handcuffed to the wall. The Alien then turned its attention to Sam's mum by changing her mind making it so that she had the unsustainable lust and need to fuck anything that walked. Turning her into a slut from what she was. The real Sam could see this from inside his mind palace. With Sam awake knowing that he had to get out of his prison, he let the amount of concentration go and channelling his hidden darkness, this created immense power for Sam. The power allowed Sam to use the move instant transmission to get out of the prison, avoiding the alien's mind and regain control of his body. 

Sam reversed what the alien did putting everything back as they were, to just before the alien took over. Using his powers which he figured out he had because when the alien fused with Sam, he transferred the power to Sam in order to remain dormant inside Sam. Sam locked off his family and friends from the alien creating a protective barrier around them. Sam then teleported himself back to the room in Cardiff that he had. With Sam now in control of his body all that remained was a searing hot pain in his head as the alien was angry and pulling Sam back inside the mind palace. Sam closed his eyes and entered his mind palace where the alien was waiting for him. 

Inside Sam's mind palace 

Sam was standing near the looking glass, when the aliens' voice rang out. 

"So you thought you could use Anime to beat me?" the voice bellowed sounding like a mixture of different people, young, old, male and female all talking at once. 

"No just to get your attention, though it was a safe bet considering that you cannot access that part of my brain along with the superheroes, characters from videogames, horror icons... basically everything I used against Rhona and even the TV programmes that I watch. As you think that they don't matter. Your right they don't matter to you but they do to me. So right now you are trapped in here, with me and you couldn't even touch me if you wanted because I have figured it all out!" Sam replied stating the obvious but also with a level of confidence that couldn't be matched. 

"Figured what out scum?" 

"That you need me alive in order to maintain an anchor to this world. That is why you trapped me in here so you could stay here on this planet. No better than that! this version of earth. That is right I can see your whole being. You are not an alien from another world but a criminal from another Earth. One more thing you didn't do a very good job of sealing the mental link". 

"SHUT UP! You worthless sack of shit." 

"As I was saying before you rudely interrupted, you didn't do a very good job, as I could see you running away from justice on a different world. Thinking that you were safe hiding in me! Sadly you are not as I have used that knowledge to send a message to the breachers, peacekeepers throughout the multiverse." 

"Pity you won't survive to see them!" 

"Oh you think you can beat me you're more delusional than I thought." Sam declared showing his confidence with a little bit of cockiness. 

"Just a realist, I have brought several versions of earth to its knees. Before the 'breachers' you called even got a whiff of me. Stripped several breachers of their powers and destroyed them. FROM WITHIN." The alien said sounding triumphant as the words spat. 

"That is impressive, I must admit well before you killed them that is. Though you may be big shit elsewhere in the multiverse but inside me you are JUST. SO. SMALL!" 

While Sam was saying that the alien was making a new body one of a big beast with horns and a mace that. Body of a orc (the big ones from lord of the rings) and muscly legs to match, with the matching jet black eyes that people consider to be demonic. Now that Sam was finished saying what he was, Sam noticed that to the alien had taken the form of the behemoth standing before him, as the alien reached out to grab Sam something stopped the alien in his tracks inches away from Sam. 

"What is this force stopping me?" The alien demanded. 

"What did you base that look on? Oh yeah an orc from lord of the rings but why the horns and the massive jet black eyes?" Sam enquired hoping the alien would get it. 

"Well there are certain texts on some of the earths that states beings called demons had them." 

"You really are clueless aren't you, for an alien who has spent years on this planet where for entertainment value there is a thing called television." 

"Who the fuck are you calling clueless, I am going to enjoy destroying you!" The alien spat. 

"You might want to look up, seeing as you know the lore around the beings. I have the knowledge of the lore that is used on supernatural which even took the notions of a demon found in lore." Sam replied indicating upwards with his left middle finger. As the alien looked up following the finger only to see a devil's trap illuminate above the alien in demon form!

"You see I may not be as smart enough to deceive people like you but right here and right now. You are in my reality bitch!" 

After Sam said that the alien shift its form to resemble a humanoid but it was vibrating as there was blue lightening that was going from the toes to the head. The alien had taken the form of a human with speed powers. 

As the alien sped round the big space that the devils trap was covering it hurled a lightning bolt upwards breaking one line on the trap rendering it useless. As the alien sped out of the now broken circle towards Sam, who dodged out of the way using the speed force, as yellow lightning surged through his body and appeared in his eyes, similar to Barry Allen in the flash. This meant that they were both now moving roughly the same speed in a chase around the mind palace. 

The two beings began their race of dominance. After several minutes of the chase of yellow and blue blurs chasing each other until Sam went down a certain corridor of the mind palace that seemed to end with a dead end with no doors just a rusty hook on a lamp post! 

Sam stopped but he was facing the corridor he just ran down. Further down the corridor were two open doors the rooms cloaked in darkness barring the odd lightning surges as one room contained the flash, kid flash, Jay Garrick and Jesse quick all ready for the alien to come. The other door containing Eobard Thawne, Malcolm Meryl, Damien Dark and the black flash, the alien approached and came to a stop past the two doors and standing in front of Sam. 

"Ha seems like you don't know your mind palace well enough to out run me." The alien mocked revelling in the joy of catching Sam, not noticing that it was a trap. 

"Who said I was running to get away, just running enough to give you a little surprise." Sam said, signalling to the others to go. Out of both doors came a arrow launched by Malcolm Meryl, which the alien caught without turning around keeping its focus on Sam. Damien Dark launched a throwing knife at the alien, again which he caught in his other hand. 

"Really, a cheap trick involving a archer and a knife thrower?" 

"Cheap trick, no and they were only the distraction." Sam said beginning to vibrate so he would be able to phase through the alien when he received a super-sonic punch from the flash, reverse flash, the black flash, kid flash, Jesse quick and Jay Garrick all at the same time sending the alien hurtling towards the hook. However, as the alien approached Sam it grabbed Sam out of the phase, took Sam in its arms and impaled Sam on the hook. Shoulder first, blood spurting from the wound. 

At the sight of Sam on the hook, the speedsters began to circle the alien trying to buy Sam time to get off. 

"ENOUGH!!" The alien bellowed as it went shooting up in the air before being covered in ice. Upon the alien's descent the ice covered the floor turning all of the speedsters to ice. However, Sam prevented them from being smashed as the alien landed. 

In an instant the alien was face to face with Sam. "Now lets' see if you are stronger then all of the other primitives on this god forsaken earth!" After saying that the alien turned into a gas as it tried to take Sam's place by eliminating Sam's being. 

As the gas poured into Sam his veins turned purple as the gas was rushing in the more his veins changed colour. However, as Sam's eyes widened from the gas invasion the alien was suddenly thrusted out as Sam's body hung there on the hook two symbols appeared on Sam. One being the Fairy Tail emblem on his right arm, the same place that Natsu's mark is in the anime, and the millennium puzzle eye from Yu-Gi-Oh! Appeared in the middle of Sam's forehead! 

"What in the absolute fuck is going on!!" the alien demanded as all the people that Sam holds dear appeared surrounding Sam on the hook as there was a yellow seal emerging around Sam filling the space around Sam making him glow yellow. This took Sam inside his own being as some of his memories were being tainted but there was one that remained pure. 

One of Sam's memories where it is himself and his grandad in the back garden of his nan and grandad's house. The grass was freshly cut with the aroma lingering in the air. Sam was sitting on a metal framed garden chair with a black material for the seat and the back of the chair. Both chairs were pointing towards his grandad's shed with his grandad sitting next to him on a similar chair. Their backs to the main house, above them the skies were blue with a few jet streams from passing aeroplanes. 

"Looks like a storm is coming!" Sam's grandad said indicating to the purple clouds rolling in. 

"Hope not..." Sam started. 

"We better head inside." Sam's grandad interrupted. 

"Wait! Before we do there is something I want to tell you!" Sam stated his heart pounding for an unknown reason. 

"Sure what is on your mind?" 

"There is a fight coming up and I don't know if I will be strong enough to fight." Sam said as tears began to form in his eyes. 

"You will be able to because like all of us your mum, nan, even myself we are all fighters. All you need to do is use your head and think logically as violence and sheer strength isn't enough to win all fights." Sam's grandad said placing a hand on Sam's shoulder to reassure him. As his grandad knew about his autism and that he would decide who to hug or even open up enough to allow them to hug. 

"Grandad there is something I never got around to saying before we lost you!" Sam started while he was trying so hard not to cry. Before Sam could say what he never could say there was a purple bolt of lightning, as a male figure walked out. 

"So this is where you are hiding?" The alien said as he knocked Sam's grandad out of the chair, sending that chair flying backwards as the alien trapped Sam's grandad against the wall of the main house. 

"Not so fast!" Sam said standing up as he too was knocked down. As the alien half turned to look at Sam with a slight smile on his face, the alien noticed that Sam had his hand raised to the sky. Out of the purple clouds up above came a bolt of yellow lightening. The yellow pierced the purple clouds with ease as the bolt was heading towards Sam's hand. 

Suddenly a lightning bolt was formed in Sam's hand which Sam then hurled it towards the alien who as soon as the lightning bolt left Sam's the alien started to disappear although the lightning bolt was to fast for the alien to completely disappear. The lightning bolt struck the alien on the back bringing a male scream of pain. As the scream echoed through the mind palace, Sam suddenly saw flashes of the alien's original body and a name 'Jack Mills'. The jolt of pain forced the alien back from trying to replace Sam's as the one in control the body. 

With that done the alien was thrusted backwards from Sam on the hook. When out of nowhere a red, single bladed light saber was spinning towards the top of the hook which shattered the hook into millions of metal shards which were sent flying in every direction. As Sam was falling downwards he was cushioned by a vibration. As the vibration dissipated Sam stood up from the floor only to see Darth Vader and Daisy Johnson (Quake) standing there as the saber was making its return trip to Darth Vader's hand which was outstretched.

"Why you little Bast..." Jack began to say before Darth Vader, Rey, Daisy Johnson and Vibe, stepped between Jack and Sam hitting Jack with the respected force and breacher powers. While the speedsters, who broke out of the ice when the hook was broken. Supergirl and superman (the Supergirl CW show version of Superman) and J'onn J'onzz hit Jack from all directions knocking him around like a ball. When Jack found his footing he looked up only to see Sam and everyone in his mind palace who had just hit him standing in front of him. 

"Make sure all of the doors are sealed and get to safety." Sam said to all of the people in his mind palace. 

"What about this thing!?" J'onn asked. 

"Leave that to me, things are about to get ugly and I don't want it to spill into the rest of my mind palace." Sam replied. Which sent everyone off to make sure the doors were closed and that the mind palace was secure. 

"Why did you send them away you little fucker?" Jack spat spitting blood onto the floor, who was doubled over in pain. 

"Simply because things are going to get ugly as I do have a dark side and I can see now that I have to unleash it just to contain you until the breachers arrive to take you back." As Sam said that a dark mist formed in the corridor and Sam's eyes changed becoming light red which pierced the mist that was forming. Though the mist was surrounding them Jack could see that Sam had raised both his hands before his vision was impaired by the mist as it became denser. 

Jack could feel dread as the darkness enveloped him, Jack tried to teleport away only to find that he was trapped held down by immense pressure. The pressure was so intense that Jack was unable to move. When he looked down Jack noticed that his knees were shaking and it was taking a lot for him to stay on his feet as the sheer terror he was feeling was enough to root him to the spot. 

"Let's play a game" Jack heard from with the fog, Jack recognised that it was Sam's voice though it was mixed in with several voices a deeper male voice (John Kramer from Saw) and a just as deep voice if a little raspy due to inhaling smoke (Freddy Krueger from the remake of a nightmare on elm street). 

With that Jack was rendered unconscious by the dark mist as it was seeping in every pore and forcing itself into Jack's body. As the darkness covered Jack's unconscious body, a cage was forming around Jack. The mind palace began to shake as the construction of the cage was taking a lot of room in the mind palace. The cage is the perfect prison, after Sam turned Jack back to human to his 5'8' slim, scrawny body. Sam then forced the huge cage into Jack's head with Jack's mind trapped inside unable to get out. 

Jack woke up he remembered being terrified, unable to move a muscle and the darkness. he tried to move his hand but couldn't as his arms, legs and torso were held in place by rope. He tried to look around but even his head was locked in place he could only look side to side but even that was limited. Jack noticed to his left was a jar that looked empty apart from a single key at the bottom. 

"Hello" Jack called out when he did a small TV switched itself on directly in front of him, revealing Billy the piñata in front of the camera. 

"Hello Jack..." The voice started as it was a deep male voice that was being put through a voice changer as well to sound more demonic and nightmarish then it normally would. The picture was grainy as there was static periodically scrolling past every couple of seconds. 

"Let's play a game! You have terrorised the multiverse, harming people as you seen fit. Well now you are trapped here let's see how much you want to live. There is a mechanism attached to your ribs when the clock in the room hits zero the mechanism will tear your ribcage out. Look down if you think I am lying! You have 60 minutes to get the key and release yourself from the mechanism. But know this if you do get out you cannot escape as there is an endless supply of traps here for all of eternity. You cannot die when the clock hits zero you will be loaded into another puzzle, after feeling whatever body part torn out of you. Feeling the pain and when you feel like you are about to die. You will be teleported into another trap, with the ability to feel the pain from the last trap until you are begging for the pain to stop but no one will hear you. MAKE YOUR CHOICE!" 

Outside the room Sam was supressing the dark side that he had to show in order to survive. The darkness within Sam was so great that it not only burnt Rhona from the inside but also able to trap someone in a never ending nightmare of puzzles while not allowing him the death that he wanted. Sam looked at the body he recreated using the darkness within himself, where Jack was trapped for eternity never dying or resting. Sam exited his mind palace. 

Thirty minutes later

Sam in anticipation of the breachers coming to collect Jack, had pulled the memory of his original body which was a 5'8', slim, male with long blonde hair. With Jacks body and mind reunited Sam took the opportunity Sam removed some of his filter on Jack meaning he is still locked in but he will be able to answer simple questions when asked. That was when it happened!
