 I was a 63-year-old overweight bald man named Dr. Jake L. Edih, virtually ignored for my looks, which was okay with me. Being a professor at an ivory league university, I have spent the majority of my adult life doing research in biomechanics. My wife and I married after our senior year at Princeton she was the only woman I ever dated or had sex with for 36 years. Together we produced one daughter and two grandchildren. She passed away 4 years ago and since that time most of my time has been spent on my work, I had no desire to date or even go out socially. Things change. I've changed.

In layman terms my work involved using a normal person's electronic brain impulses to stimulate and bring a patient out of a coma or catatonic state. My assistant was a graduate student named Burt Winters. Burt was a young good-looking guy, quite popular on campus. He took over teaching most of my classes and he probably has slept with all the good-looking female undergrads attending. Most men would probably feel envious, I really didn't care, I didn't even think about sex. In fact one night alone in bed I reflected on sex and that I didn't even have the desire to masturbate in years.

One night every thing changed. The completion of my life's work. The evolution of the device was a small square rectangular box with small copper disk on the back and a round lens in the center in the front. Most people would say it looked like a camera. It was held up to the head like a camera, however the copper disk would line up just under the frontal lobe. Simply put, when the button was pressed the persons amplified brain waves were sent like an electrical current from the center of the lens. This resulted like a flash camera and those brain waves would be received by the patient and "jump start" his brain, like one would with a car battery.

We tried it on monkeys, but the brainpower was too low, it had to be done by a human. Burt volunteered to be a test subject. I refused of course; this was science, not some old Frankenstein movie. That night about 6 pm we were celebrating which we hoped was the conclusion of our project. Burt brought a bottle of champagne and although I don't usually drink I had a glass. I would like to say I was drunk and blame it on that, however to be truthful, the drink only relaxed me enough to make a decision I secretly wanted. He coaxed me to try it on him, but when I refused, he had picked up the device and pointed it at me.

An hour later, I felt like I was daydreaming and then snapped awake. Burt told me that the device did more than what we thought it might do. He had actually been in my body. His mind was with mine; he saw his body standing around like a puppet with no mind to guide it. He had total control of my body and even felt the emotions and some of the memories that I had. It was nearly a shared mind experience with him in control. Getting nervous he pointed the device back to his body and returned to his mind. I vaguely remember doing what he told me but as if I was doing it in a drunk or stoned sleepy state. I had no recollection of him being in my mind, it was as if I decided to do those things. 

We were quite excited and I then tried it on him. The device flashed and in as soon as the flash dissipated I was looking at my old body through Burt's eyes. I wasn't just wearing a costume however, I felt like Burt. His emotions, his thoughts were mine. I walked about the lab feeling strong and young again, I also felt horny. I noted that the two minds living in one brain must have a magnifying effect on stimulating the arousal lobes of the brain. I looked at my former body it was wavering like a drunk. I walked over and laid it down on one of the lab tables. I wanted to leave the room and go out doors; I didn't think Burt would mind me using his body for a bit. Everything felt new even taking deep breaths through his nose felt good. I left the lab and decided to take a walk through campus, although I actually sprinted and jumped a lot of the way, something I haven't done in 30 years.

"Hey Burt wait up". I turned to see Liz Domkins a stunning 20-year-old undergrad in one of my classes. As she approached my...er...Burt's cock started getting hard. His memories of fucking her swept through mine.

"Where you off to?"

"Hey Liz, Just taking a walk and you?"

"Looking for you stud."

Liz winked and snuggled up close to me. I spoke like Burt, even using the same vocabulary and syntax. I knew what he knew about her, but was still me. I never felt such sexual urges before. I was ready to rape her right here out side the hall with all these people walking about. But I was a professor, a reputable and cultured man, not some kid. I knew I had to return to the lab and give back Burt his body. I knew this but the desire was too strong.

"Lets go back to my place...you can tutor me some more" she said as she wrapped her arm around mine and we walked toward her campus apartment. I knew what she meant; Burt's memory of there three other tutoring sessions strained my (Burt's) cock against his tight jeans.

Liz didn't waste any time. As soon as she closed the door to her apartment behind us she wrapped her arms around me and sucked on my tongue. We both undressed each other; I was ripping the buttons off her blouse and exposed her 36C breasts. She undid Burt's belt and pulled down his jeans and briefs in one sweep. I looked down staring at the large hard cock. It was the first time I ever looked at another mans erect cock. It was several inches longer than mine then it was gone, engulfed by that lovely mouth of Liz's. This was my first real blowjob. I was married for so many years, but it was always missionary position, and my wife, bless her soul, was not adventurous when it came to sex.

Liz sucked on Burt's cock, my knees felt weak and I fell back on to the bed while her lips kept gripped to my cock. The sexual arousal was stimulating my entire being, I was started to think about the pleasure areas of the brain and what would show on a CAT scan but soon even I had a hard time thinking and just gave into the pleasure. Liz must enjoy it; she never stopped taking the large penis deep into her throat. I placed my (Burt's) hands on her head pushing more of the cock into her mouth. I didn't just cum, I exploded and not just with jism from the cock, my flashes like fireworks in my eyes and then an overwhelming rush of pleasure that I never experience. Not just me, no human. I am sure it couldn't even be on the scale of a heroin addict's initial rush. 

Liz swallowed the cum and wiped her lips. Then sensation wore off but not the arousal, I wanted more. I pulled her on top of me and flipped us over. I sat up looking down at this beautiful young woman and the cock was instantly hard again.

"Jeez Burt...still hard?"

I didn't say a word, but pulled her body toward my cock and filled her pussy. I couldn't believe the stamina Burt had or was it the brain's arousal. I fucked her hard and fast, Liz was gasping rolling her eyes toward the back of head in pleasure. I bit on her nipples while maintaining a fast and furious pumping of her pussy. I pulled out quickly and turned her over replacing my cock into her pussy as quick as I could, missing just a beat or two. I watched her tight round ass bouncing on the cock. I spanked her butt with a few slaps finally grabbing it holding my cock deep in her cunt as I came again. The same sensations happened. The pleasure was just as rewarding as the last time. 

Liz was exhausted to say the least. She gasped "Burt...honey...that was...oh my...I think I came 4 times...I never...oh jeez." She then fell asleep. I took a shower and while soaping the Burt's body I got hard again. I handled the cock with wonder; I was actually getting horny again. As I got dressed I reached into the jacket pocket and felt the device. I looked at clock, it was nearly 11o'clock, and I was gone nearly 5 hours. What would Burt say? He would know what I did. I would be a laughing stock. The fuddy duddy professor using his research to have sex with coeds. I couldn't return his body, besides which I realized I didn't want to and on that thought my cock...yes MY COCK, got hard again. I would not let go of this power or pleasure. 

I knew someone would discover my old body at the lab, awake but unconscious. They would question me as Burt. I could snatch another body and then another, virtually living forever. Snatch, I needed sex, but I couldn't just spend all night looking for women to fuck I needed to plan my future. Snatch, speaking of snatch I saw Liz sprawled over the bed. I could take her body. Being a heterosexual in a female body should keep my sex desires under control so I can plan out what to do with my new extended life. I took out the camera device and aimed it at Liz. FLASH. 

To be continued...