 Author's Note: I recommend you read chapter 1 since I don't recap the previous chapter.

* * * * *

As Liz I felt sore and a little tired, but I started feeling more and more energetic. Burt's mind was slowly taking control of his body once again since the dominant mind was transferred out. I put in the bed and gave him a sleeping pill. This would give me few hours head start. When he awoke, he would either tell an incredible story that no one would believe or he would tell the story that an experiment backfired making Professor Edih a vegetable. Having been intimate with his mind, I knew he would choose the latter, and probably steal my notes on the project to build another device. Although a bright grad student, I knew he would never succeed. It was chance that caused the device to be able to put someone's mind into another's body.

I was now a female; I knew what to do because I was partially Liz. I cleaned my self-up and dressed. I was going to seek another male body. I wanted the best physically shaped body I could find and decided to head out toward the frat house where the football team was housed.

Liz was familiar with this frat house. She had been to several parties there and had dated one of the guys, Vincent. Liz liked to fuck and I knew instantly all the sex she has had. Being in her body was fascinating to me. I walked like her, shook her ass to guys she passed in the hall like she did. I planned to find the body I wanted, and then I would leave the University. Hopefully the body I find will have some available funds, a credit card and a car.

Walking down the street I was greeted my many looks and leers by fellow students. I felt horny. The sexual arousal did not go away and although I had no penis to get hard and strain against my clothing, the vagina ached. It was a weird and new sensation to me. I mustered up any control I had to keep me from shoving my fingers into the pussy. As I walked my thighs rubbed against the pussy lips. What was I thinking? I needed some relief, I needed to get fucked. 

This thought caught me off guard. I never entertained any homosexual thoughts the 63 years I lived as a man. Being in Liz's body along with the mind transfer that activates the sexual arousal part of the brain I was feeling desperately horny and the thought of a man having sex with this body didn't matter, it was about having a cock fuck the pussy so that it can feed on the pleasure that occurs from the orgasm. I realized it then that I was addicted to this feeling and that I would have to perfect the device.

As Liz I arrived at the frat house around midnight. Most of the football players were up and they were all very happy to invite this gorgeous body in for a few drinks. Most of the guys stood around talking to me. Then Vincent came over; one of his frat brothers probably fetched him from his room. Liz's memory of fucking Vincent played in my head like remember an old favorite movie with random highlights. Vincent leaned toward me and kissed Liz's lips. Part of me felt uncomfortable, but a stronger urge made me feel good. At that moment I knew I needed to fuck him. 

"Lets go upstairs and talk a bit okay?" I grabbed his hand and he led the way upstairs to his room. I heard mumblings behind me of some of the guys saying, "damn", "shit", "hot". They all wanted me and my pussy was on fire in anticipation. Vincent was a second string receiver on the team and I knew he didn't have the body I wanted, but I had to extinguish this fire that was building up below. 

"So Liz, why'd yaw come back here…thought you had the hoots for that teacher assistant"

Damn, all he wanted to do was talk. I just wanted a quick surge of the pleasure so I could continue my mission. Liz knew what to do and being a former guy, two former guys, I knew also. Vincent might want to talk, but he wasn't about to pass on some pussy. 

I looked at him the sexy way Liz does to guys. I dropped the purse and undid the buttons on the blouse taking them off and unzipping the skirt allowing that to fall. I stood before him in a thong panties and lace bra. I walked toward him pouting my lips "did you really want to just talk?"

Vincent was a man of few words and he stepped out of his sweat pants kicking them across the room. While he was taking off his t-shirt I went down to my knees and looked at his cock. It wasn't as large as Burt's but I was hoping it would do the trick. Instinctively I licked the tip of the cock and sucked it into my mouth. I was remembering how Liz blew me and tried to replicate it. I wasn't thinking that I was sucking a man's cock, that would have repulsed me, instead I was concentrating on the pleasure by brain was receiving by doing this action and surprisingly the stimulus was very pleasurable and small fireworks were going on behind my eye lids. I didn't want him to cum in my mouth and pulled away. He threw me on the bed and dove between my legs. His tongue was licking my pussy and he was sucking on the clitoris, which intensified the pleasure.

"Fuck me Vinny…Fuck me hard" I yelled. Vinny then mounted me. The sensation of feeling a cock entering the pussy was fantastic. It's as if a missing piece finally found it's home. He rode me steadily fucking the pussy in and out calling me "bitch". I wasn't really paying attention of what he was saying; I was feeding on the pleasure sensations like an addict. I was on the verge of Cumming when all of a sudden Vincent stopped and groaned. I felt warmth fill the pussy, he came, but I didn't. I needed more.

"Do it some more…come on"

"Shit Liz, I am done…maybe later"

"No! I need more fucking, I didn't cum yet"

I was getting frantic. "Hey if you can't fucking finish the job then send in someone that will"

Vincent looked at me. There was no way he was going to admit to his frat brothers that he couldn't satisfy a woman. He fumed.

"Oh yeah" He got out of bed and walked out to the stop of the stairs. "Okay guys, I warmed her up, come and get it the line forms to the right"

At first I was scared. There must have been 30 guys downstairs and now I was going to get gang banged, well not me, Liz. What was I doing to her? She would never have normally done this type of thing. I started to get out of the bed when one of the larger black guys came into the room naked. He had the largest cock Liz or I have ever seen. I leaned back in the bed staring at it. He walked next to me said "hi Liz" and then shoved his 11inch cock in my mouth. I started thinking if I should choose this body; I wondered what it would be like to be a black man. He then pulled my face off of his cock and turned me over on all fours. He was still standing on the side of the bed as his cock stretched the pussy. As he was fucking me the fireworks began, this time bigger and brighter, I was having an Orgasm. I opened my eyes and saw another cock in front of me and started sucking it. 

My brain was filled with pleasure, large fireworks. I had fucked all the guys in the house. Some two or three at a time, Liz's ass was even fucked several times for the first time in her life. I staggered out of the room; many of the frat guys were lying around the room. I saw a guy named Kenny. He played tight end. He was 6'2 with blonde hair blue eyes and very muscular, just the body I could use. I also found out he owned the Eclipse parked out front. I reached for the purse and pulled out the camera device. A couple of the guys reached out to me for they were ready to go again. 

"Wait guys this is my first gang bang and I want to take a picture"

I aimed the device at Ken and pressed the button. FLASH! 

Ken stood up and took the camera from Liz and gently pushed her into the arms of two of the Frat guys, Brad and Pete. I was now Ken and I headed to his room to get dressed, pack a few things and get in the car I considered fucking Liz before leaving but two of the guys were already doing that and the sexual arousal has so far been quenched. I don't know how long it would last, but in this body I would be able to pick up any number women to satisfy these urges. I needed to find a place to work undisturbed so I could perfect the device. I needed money, access to my bank account. I couldn't go back to my original apartment, I am sure the police had already been there. I decided that I would visit my daughter; she had an extra bankcard for my savings account.

To be continued...