 The battle that afternoon had been fierce and colossal, and plumes of smoke still rose from the tattered dunes, from craters where the remnants of magical fire still smoldered. The Rajagheeni sultan had requested aid from the nearby human settlement of Oasis, hoping that his allies' meager contribution to his city's defense could somehow rout the imperials...

...and it did. The few human knights, footmen, archers, and magi had fought well alongside the fearsome Rajagheen, and as the latter cut a swath through the attacking imperials, the human forces made coordinated attacks on the enemy's flanks. The Imperialistic Yifu had found their over reliance on gunpowder weapons and rigid formations to be their downfall, and they found their ranks swept over by a tide of dervishes and metal.

The battle had not been without its close calls however... for Ravi remembered one of them quite vividly. Ravi was one of the Rajagheen entrusted with guarding Elizabeth, a human emissary and star field commander despite the fact that she was barley twenty years of age. The two had grown quite close over the many months as Ravi, one of the sultan's famed "desert wind" elite warriors, had served as one of Elizabeth's bodyguards under the sultan's wish. He had also gotten to know another one of Elizabeth's foreign bodyguards quite well, a huntress named Coilla who hailed from the Galadon jungles. All three of them had been warriors in a sense, but Coilla and Ravi had possessed the most experience by far, and they had stayed awake late many a night sharing stories of adventure and becoming close in many ways. These three individuals had formed a nearly inseparable friendship, and that friendship had almost been cut short in one battle.

Elizabeth and her royal guard had been fighting alongside one of the Rajagheen warbands in order to bolster moral among the central forces. But the Yifu decided that they would crush their enemy's moral by slaying the human emissary and her prestigious guardians. The Yifu had attempted to rush Elizabeth's chariot with a mass of warriors wielding polearms, but Ravi hurled a fiery grenade into their midst and then rushed in, his four arms cutting the enemy to ribbons in their confusion. One warrior that had enough wits about him attempted to dart past Ravi's imposing form, but the Rajagheen caught him by the back, lifted him over his head, and smashed the Yifu headfirst into the sand. Perhaps it was the speed and force of the maneuver, perhaps it was the pointy helmets and smooth armor that the Yifu wore, but the hapless soldier found himself stuck upside down in the sand buried up to his knees.

Ravi's show of berserker force and skill was a deterrent to the other Yifu who were lining up and debating a second charge, but Ravi had failed to see the more serious threat that had appeared. A lone Yifu marksman had climbed a dune nearby, looking bedraggled in his weathered leather scout uniform, yet at the same time determined. If Coilla hadn't by chance looked away from the fight she was engaged in, the emissary may have drawn her last breath that day. Coilla did a double take as she realized what the rifle-wielding scout was intending to do. She glanced quickly, desperately, to see if anyone else had noticed, but Ravi was currently holding off a mass of Yifu swordsmen and pike men, and neither the other royal guards or the Rajagheen warriors had any hope of stopping the shooter. 

Coilla glanced back at her attacker just in time and she dodged to the side of incoming sword thrust, slashing her kama viciously through one of the gaps in the Yifu's chest plating. She didn't waste a moment more fighting the Yifu swordsmen, instead she simply darted away with an inhuman quickness that baffled her assailants. She ran full tilt across the sand, throwing the whole of her strength into fighting the sand's hindering influence. The scout noticed her charging across the dunes, and he hastened to load his rifle. Coilla was running with all her strength, yet her soul was stung and tortured by the knowledge that she could not possibly make it in time. So as she ran she pulled one of the javelins from the quiver on her back, and without letting up her charge she made a single, concentrated, desperate throw. She put all the rage and fear of that moment into her weapon, vowing it to strike her target and save her friend's life, no matter how far it must fly to do so. And with a powerful throw, the Javelin sped into the air.

The scout raised his rifle to his shoulder... the javelin sailed towards him... the Yifu furrowed his brow with concentration, focusing down the long barrel on his mark... the javelin ended its arc, piercing through the chest of the scout and protruding through the other side in one fast and violent motion. The scout yelped out in surprised agony pulled the trigger even as his rifle was jerked to the side. The boom of his rifle was a mere whisper compared to the howling blast of the explosive round, which blasted a crater in one of the large sweeping dunes in the distance.

Ravi had looked up when he heard Coilla's screams of defiance upon hurling her javelin, and so he had seen the whole scene. His own feelings of gut-wrenching desperation and angry helplessness had been compressed into the few seconds of time between realizing what the shooter was planning and seeing the marksman killed before he could end the emissary's life. Ravi looked with concern back towards Elizabeth, his commander and friend, and saw that she was looking slightly pale from the shock of realizing just how narrowly her life had been saved. She was indeed shaken, but she pulled herself back together out of duty to her positions as both a field commander and a foreign ambassador for her people. She rose up from the sitting position in her chariot and strode forward to its front, issuing a call to her guard and the other forces of the Rajagheen/human coalition.

"Give them no quarter; drive the imperials from this desert with the fury of a tempest."

Coilla turned to face the soldiers she had been fighting; they had been pursuing her across the sand with determination until they had seen her dispose of the marksman with such fury... now they were not so sure if their superior numbers would make any difference...

The Yifu had indeed possessed superior numbers, the three friends noted as they reflected on the vast scale of the battle of the battle in which they had played a part. Coilla, Ravi, and Elizabeth all stood on one of the many balconies of the Sultan's tower, breathing in the warm night air and gazing out at the desert battlefield outside of the city walls. If the Yifu had brought one of their empire's airships to bear then perhaps the beautiful city would not still be standing; no one was sure as to why the imperials had not done so, perhaps the fates had simply sought to spare the city that day.

The fates spared so many of us this day thought Elizabeth as she remembered her own brush with obliteration. It was now sinking in just how close she had come to losing her life, just how close all three of them had come to losing each other. She turned her head towards her two bodyguards, and as they looked back at her it was evident that they too were dwelling on the fact or her mortality. None of them had been in such a fierce battle together, and none of them had considered that they might lose each other.

Ravi stood looking at Elizabeth, waiting for her to speak yet already knowing generally what she would say. He figured that she was only now losing that teenage sense of invincibility, coming to grips for the first time with the fragility of life. He rested his lower arms on the balcony, while one of his upper arms lay on the shoulders of Coilla, who leaned back slightly against Ravi's tall form with her arms crossed over her chest. Coilla smiled at her hesitant friend, and gestured for Elizabeth to come closer. Elizabeth smiled a bit and walked to Coilla, who put her arms around the young Emissary in a comforting hug.

"I know dear" Coilla said, "we all got a bit of a scare today."

Coilla tightened her embrace around Elizabeth and Ravi reached down and placed a hand lovingly upon her head. Elizabeth had never imagined that she might come so close to death, but at least in her guardians' embrace she once again felt secure.

"I just... I always thought that I would have all the time in the world. I started to take it for granted that we'd all be together from now on, like comrades, or...."

Ravi brushed her blonde hair with his large hand.

"And we will," he said, "I think the fates have plans for us. They took the time to bring us together and I believe they will keep us together for years to come."

Elizabeth bent back to look up at Ravi, taking in his calm wide eyes, the black hair in a ponytail on his head, his strong cheeks... his soft lips...

Elizabeth moved her lips a bit unconsciously as she gazed up at Ravi, and he could tell what she was thinking. Without saying a word he slowly bent down... and kissed her.

Elizabeth bent backwards a little more in Coilla's embrace, and the huntress could tell that the girl was trying arch her back. Coilla moved her arms down to the small of Elizabeth's back so that she could recline further, and Ravi and Elizabeth became more deeply involved in each other's lips. Coilla smiled and spoke.

"As long we're here to protect you babe, you aren't going anywhere."

And with that she bent in and softly kissed Elizabeth on the neck.

Elizabeth let out a soft, appreciative coo from between she and Ravi's locked lips.

Coilla began to guide the two off the balcony and into the softly lit room that served as one of the bedchambers for visiting ambassadors and prestigious foreign guests.

The room had many beautiful pieces of furniture with gold leaf and ruby decorations; jewels adorned the goblets and dining ware given to the esteemed guests. In the center of one of the walls a large bed with purple sheets extended outwards, hidden behind curtains of oriental fabrics and beads.

As they entered the room, Ravi lifted Elizabeth off her feet, using his four arms to carefully bring her up into a laying position up against his chest. As Ravi and Elizabeth kissed deeply, the young Emissary moved one of her hands across the Rajagheen's chest, burying her fingers in his dark chest hair just as she pressed her tongue deeper into his mouth. Still holding Elizabeth in the air, Ravi brought one of his arms around and cradled her head in his hand as they continued to kiss.

Coilla was enjoying the sight of her young master finally releasing her affections and desires upon the Rajagheen. Coilla and Ravi had coupled together on many a night as their war stories and confessions had turned to a deep mutual connection and desire to touch. But while Coilla suspected that Elizabeth was not fully a virgin she knew that she and Ravi had never even held each other lovingly... no matter how much the two may have wanted to do so.

Coilla ran her hand up and down one of Ravi's legs as he turned towards the bed. He and Elizabeth paused their kissing long enough for Ravi to lay her down upon the bed. But as he lay her down, Elizabeth rose from her reclined position, eager to continue kissing the Rajagheen, and as it was she ended up standing upon her knees while Ravi braced two of his arms against the canopy of the bed so that he could better crouch down to reach her. As his lips met hers again he brought his lower arms around her lovingly. They went on like this for a few minutes, simply kissing and holding each other, as Coilla watched and considered how long it would take for the emissary to feel comfortable enough to do anything else, or whether she would simply be content and fulfilled kissing Ravi tonight.

Apparently it did not take long for her to feel comfortable, for as she and Ravi kept kissing, Elizabeth reached up and began removing her gown. Coilla smiled and decided to help the girl. She walked around to the side of the bed and got on, climbing behind Elizabeth and helping her to shed her garments. Coilla began removing her own clothes taking all of the combined garments and laying them on a chair to the side of the bed. Ravi had begun caressing Elizabeth's body with his lower hands, and as Coilla moved around to help him out of the few clothes that he wore, Ravi reached down with one of his upper arms and cupped one of Coilla's breasts in his large hand. The huntress closed her eyes and mewed softly as her tongue traced the edges of her lips with pleasure. As Ravi rhythmically squeezed her large yet pert breast, Coilla remembered just how much she loved his touch. She ran her hands up his leg, sending one up the side of his abdomen and another across the inside of his thigh. As the latter hand quested further, she could feel a shudder of sensation in Ravi's body. And as she continued to caress his body she could feel new movement between his legs. She looked over to Elizabeth and her eyes widened, a large smile coming across her face. As Coilla had gone to help Ravi out of his clothes, Elizabeth had become fully involved in a haze of passion. One of Eliabeth's hands played over her own breasts, occasionally snaking out to grab a handful of Ravi's chest hair, meanwhile her other hand pressed down between her legs, pressing deeply between her thighs. As Ravi pulled his lips apart from Elizabeth's she let out a light moan. Ravi looked down to where one of his hands rested on her thigh and he was surprised at the zeal with which she was pleasuring herself.

Realizing that Elizabeth was definitely not as shy as both he and Coilla predicted she would be, Ravi figured that she was ready for some stronger attention. He slid his hand down from the top of her leg and rested it between her thighs. Elizabeth opened her eyes and drifted back to reality. She looked up into Ravi's eyes, and then she glanced down between her legs. Looking up at him again with a heavy wanting in her eyes, she removed her hand from her clitoris and put her hand upon Ravi's. Noting the huge size difference between their fingers she guided his hand in between her legs, giving a slight shudder of anticipation as he moved beneath her and closed over her vagina. She felt three of his fingers and his thumb against the sides of her legs, and as she gazed into his big eyes she felt the largest of his fingers rub upon the outside of her lips.

Coilla looked on at the two lovers, and even in the event that she couldn't see what was going on, she decided Elizabeth's facial expressions would have indication enough. Wanting some attention herself, Coilla reached between Ravi's legs once again, this time running her hands across Ravi's increasingly aroused member. As Coilla increased her attentions and Ravi became increasingly erect, one of the Rajagheen's physical traits became increasingly more apparent. 

Rather than having a single penis, Rajagheen actually possess a pair. One sits on top of the other, and they remain tightly together until they are completely erect. As Coilla felt Ravi's members stiffen she remained unphased. She had lain with him before, and over their months of sexual activity she had learned how to handle him. She began running her fingers between the crease where his two penises joined, and as she did so she sensed a jolt of familiar surprise run through Ravi's body. She began helping the warrior with his pants, knowing that soon they would become very difficult to get off.

Elizabeth continued to grind her waist down hard upon Ravi's hand, her eyes closed and her hands moving across both her body and her lover's. As one of Ravi's hands stopped massaging her breast and retracted, the girl opened her eyes to see why. What she saw surprised her greatly, and she began to feel a new kind of horny curiosity.

She looked on as Coilla finished helping Ravi out of his clothes, as Coilla took his garments and set them too by the nearby chair. But Elizabeth hardly even noticed Coilla, her attention was drawn almost fully the space between the Rajagheen's legs. Ravi would actually have been considered slightly small by his kin's standards, but Elizabeth would never have guessed that. His two penises had a design quite different from that of humans, because besides having TWO, each of his penises was fattest in its middle, becoming thinner both at the end and where it joined his body. Feeding the two members was a large pair of testicles, similar to those of a human except for size, and sucking upon those testicles was Coilla. Ravi had become quite engaged with Coilla due to he sudden attentions, and so Elizabeth decided to get his attention. Disengaging her self from Ravi's hand, she crept forward, holding onto his thick arm with one of her hands. Ravi looked back towards Elizabeth, and then widened his eyes with surprise once again as he realized where she was crawling to. Elizabeth lay against Ravi's arm as a panther would lay upon a tree limb, and as she lay pressed against him clinging to his lower bicep, she lowered her head down to the tip of Ravi's highest penis. As she took the end in her mouth Ravi's body flexed with surprise and pleasure. Coilla stood up and with similarly wide eyes watched the young Elizabeth go to her task with a passion, stroking sucking and licking the strangely shaped phallus as it bobbed slightly from Ravi's surprised muscles. Coilla looked up at the Rajagheen, who had once again grasped the canopy of the bed for support, this time much more suddenly. She ran her hands tightly against the warrior's flexing abdomen and pectoral muscles, becoming increasingly more aroused by his familiar yet exotic body. Even with his eyes closed and his head looking towards the ceiling in pleasure, Ravi reached towards Coilla with two of his free arms and grasped her breasts once again. Even Ravi's large hands were filled nicely by Coilla's well-endowed chest, and in the back of his mind Ravi always wondered how she could run so fast and remain so agile. 

Coilla put her palm upon one of Ravi's loving hands, and her body began to undulate and sway from the attention. She bent backwards a little to allow Ravi greater access to her chest, and she looked up into his eyes with a playful grin she reached out her other arm and took the head of Ravi's second penis in her hand. Ravi wanted to lock his lips with hers, but he knew that would be physically very difficult, as if he bent down Elizabeth might be unable to continue her attentions... and he was loving her attentions. The young emissary at first concentrated all her efforts on one of Ravi's phalluses, but she had become more bold as time went on, and now she ran her tongue along one, her hand along the other shaft, and squeezed at his balls with the other hand. Ravi's arm was wide enough that Elizabeth could lay upon it and not simply roll off to either side, so she currently used both her arms and her mouth to please him, while occasionally removing her mouth to kiss his bicep passionately. Ravi let out a sudden shudder and took a hold of Elizabeth's hair as she attempted to swallow his penis once again, pulling he head back as quickly but gently as he could. He forced his body not to jerk and shudder as he looked to Elizabeth.

"Please, not yet. I don't think we should start this night by making a mess all over your face."

Coilla made a wicked grin.

"Then how about mine!" She said as she moved in and took Ravi's quivering penis into her mouth.

"AAAAAGGGggghhhhhh!"

Ravi braced himself against the bed's canopy with his upper arms while his other two hands seized Coilla's head in ecstasy. It was a good thing that Elizabeth was not still laying on one of his arms, or she may have been hurled off.

It was clear that Coilla had some clue as to what she was doing, and even though Ravi did not need much more stimulation Coilla proceeded to handle him with expert attention. She sucked on his head and gripped the middle bulge of his penis in a pistoning hand, meanwhile running her other hand along the full length of his other penis. An extra passionate lick on the end of his penis was all he needed to be driven over the edge, but as he began to come Coilla did not cease her attentions. Instead, Elizabeth was surprised to see Coilla clasp her mouth over the end of Ravi's penis and take him into her mouth, sucking on him deeply even as he came. Ravi's tall form jerked and rocked as he made a cacophony of incomprehensible praises and impassioned sounds, and his hands still grasped Coilla's head, veins leaping to the surface of his arms. Coilla held Ravi fast in her hand and continued to drink of him, using her other hand to kneed his balls and milk him even further. Eventually the continuous flow of warm liquid was too much for the huntress to contain, and as she withdrew her mouth she bent backwards and pushed herself further beneath the Rajagheen. He came for a few seconds more, pouring cum upon Coilla's chin and across her breasts as his jerking body finally slowed. Coilla enjoyed the warm sensation of Ravi's juices for a few seconds, brushing her hands across her breasts and coating them in the warm liquid. Then she took the end of Ravi's penis in her mouth one more time and drained the last juices from him... a sensation which he savored, his body twitching slightly in delight. After a minute more Coilla finally stood up, running her hands across her lover's stomach as Ravi reached down and lovingly held one of her breasts. Elizabeth looked at her with surprise and curiosity.
