 The aftermath was intense. Colony police came and questioned Greyson. They woke up the girl, and she looked around confused. Greyson offered his jacket for her to cover up with and unconsciously they both seemed to draw closer together. The girl, Keira, as he found out her name, was from Terra, or as she has known it, Earth. 

After repeating what she had told him, the police soon were met with the higher ups, Colony military, grey uniforms with many badges symbolizing how serious this actually was. They escorted Greyson and Keira through the levels until they reached military head quarters. Buzzed in, they followed down winding hallways until they reached a guarded section. Keira couldn't read the sign above the door so Greyson helpfully whispered "Level 6 Clearance only, all trespassers shot on sight." He squeezed her hand gently as they walked in.

They corralled them into a small room. It looked grimy and bare. Keira and Greyson sat down on the only two chairs that were in the room. Keira hugged the jacket tight as a doctor brought a silver jumpsuit for her to get in to. Greyson held up the jacket to give her some privacy from the many faces, but couldn't help but peek at her smooth skin.

"We need to examine her, to get her readings and see if she really is one of the Five," one of the excited doctors said. He looked at Keira like she was meat, not a person, and that made their skins crawl. "This is going to be exciting!"

He reveled a small ball that twisted open and emitted a blue light and a hum. It scanned over Keira and a hologram screen popped up from the top, as the doctor recorded notes. The military guys spoke up finally. A pompous looking blob came forward, blue skinned with many rolls, he had four eyes and two antennae sticking out from his forehead. Gathering himself up he eyed Keira while speaking to Greyson.

"I am General Kit-Thar-Ru of this station, Delta Orion. So you've been having dreams and somehow pulled this woman into the doctors office?"

"Yes," Greyson spoke, "I've been having visions of her and somehow she is now sitting next to me." He felt pressure on his hand and realized Keira was squeezing it. A small smile escaped him and she smiled back. He was dazzled by her beauty and something primal inside him wanted to protect her. He stroke his thumb over her knuckles as the General spoke.

"Who are you, girl, and where do you come from?"

Keira looked confused, "I don't know what you're saying." She looked to Greyson for help and he chimed in, "She doesn't have an implant, she doesn't understand what you are saying."

The General got upset. "Now listen here, if she can talk to you she can talk to me. How come she can understand you?"

"Because I speak Terran." Greyson simply stated giving him a dumb look. "How about you get someone in here that does so we can move this along?"

"Now you listen here Taken!" The General shouted, his face turning from blue to pink, "I'm the one in charge here and I want to know why one of the Elements is on my station and why its connected to trash like you!"

Greyson felt angry and wanted to just punch the General in his many folds. Suddenly the doctor emitted a yip, his sphere beeping then exploding and Greyson turned to see Keira holding the General by his throat, up in the air, unbelievably as he out weighed her three times over. Her eyes were glowing red and a faint outline of the symbols could be seen on her skin.

"Calm yourself," a figure said approaching the group. "She responds to your emotions, her control is little since she just came into power, and so you must control yourself."

Greyson looked upon the newcomer, calming himself down at the presence before him. Keira calmed down as well and dropped the General. She sat tiredly back down and looked at the creature. He reminded her of Yoda, a character in a movie series she loved. He was small, green, and had a wise appearance. 

He looked at them warmly, ignoring the General and his men. Reaching out he grabbed Keira's hand and spoke,"This must be a confusing time for you. How about you tell us what happened on your side of things so we can help you understand."

Turning to the General that was still sprawled out on the floor, rubbing the purple bruise on his neck he said, "This girl is a newly made Elemental, and your bright idea is to shove her into a tiny room and threaten her like she was a young hoodlum Grey? If you cared about your station so much you would have thought better!" 

He shook his head and waved a hand at the guards, "I am going to take her to the gardens, I assume there will be no issue with this?" Everyone shook their heads no and Keira wondered just who she was talking to. 

"Come," he spoke, placing her hand on his arm patting it gently, "Let us talk in a more relaxing place."

They followed him out of a maze of hallways and back into the main opening of the level. He led them to the elevators and both were surprised at Keiras oohing and ahhing over the sight before her as they reached the top level. They both were used to the massive view of the station, the markets and housing below them, so through her eyes, they both got a renewed sense of appreciation. Keira looked at Greyson wide eyed. "I can't believe I'm in space!" He chuckled and kissed her temple, "Just wait until I take you out into the Beta Cluster."

Keira spied the creature chuckling and shaking his head slightly. She blushed and pulled away from Greyson, embarrassed, as the elevator doors opened to reveal the new level they were on. She couldn't help but gasp at the sight, her hand seeking Greyson's again.

The garden was awashed in a blue glow. Pink leaf trees greeted them, white bark covering the huge branches and flowers of all kinds were planted in all types of containers. Strange bird like creatures sang tunes as squirrels ran around the pathway. He guided them to a bench and they all sat down. Keira noticed a lions head in the middle of the back and grazed her fingers over it. 

"Speak child, and tell me of your story," he simply asked looking at her and gently patting her knee. "I will answer all your questions to the best of my ability."

Keria stared out into the distance as she told them her life story, leading all the way up until this point in time. She skipped the dream her and Greyson shared but the creature gave them a knowing look. Afterwards she looked at the creature and asked, "Who are you?"

He smiled kindly at her and replied, "I am Samuel, in the Terra language. I am the last elder to rule these star systems. I have been ruling for the last 758 years." He chuckled at Keira's expression. "I think this would be easier if you had a Dat-ta bot to refer to." 

"We can get her one," Greyson spoke up, "What is my roll in this?" he asked the Elder.

"You are a Keeper of one of the Elements," he spoke facing Greyson, "It is a burden most wish to not have, especially with a young elemental such as her. You are going to need training as does she or else the power can become, much, and addicting." 

"Like Drackon-El," Greyson stated.

"Yes very much so," turning to Keira he added, "Drackon-El was a Keeper, much like Greyson here. Camuria was a talented Elemental. Her power of Wind was extraordinary. Her and four others brought peace and balance to the galaxy." 

He sighed and pulled out a disk. It projected a hologram that showed images much like a picture slide. 

Back before humans came about there was a galactic war. There was no order among the tribes and chaos ensued. Wars, plague, mixed breeding and slavery ran rampant. Five of the strongest species at the time got together to perform a ritual. They would gift their strongest warriors each an elemental power. And so they don't become greedy and lustful, a Keeper was chosen to keep them balanced. With this they restored order to the galaxy for many centuries. The Colonies were developed as were the seven common stations most races moved to. Life was prosperous and good. Then a war broke out, so brutal it wiped out an entire race.

"The Nordic DelVarie War," Greyson commented.

"Yes, very good," Samuel spoke, nodding at him. "The war was underhanded and brutal. Led by two of the most deceitful races, commonly referred to now as the Greys and DelVarie, they slaughtered the Nordics and took over their worlds. Some escaped and one had made it to Terra, your earth, to hide out. They had carried the book with them." 

"Meanwhile the Five as they're referred to, fought to restore order, they succeeded but it came with a price. Drackon-El was tempted by all the power he saw, and he brutally killed Camuria stealing her power, he chased down other Elementals and slaughtered them all, and their Keepers, consuming them. He searched for the other four books, but they were hidden away once word of Camuria's death had spread."

"All that power was too much for a single person, it drove him mad. After the rest of the galaxy banded together, we were successful in stopping him. Myself and the other Elders performed a ritual and he was stripped of his power and sent into stasis, locked way in one of the dark galaxies. He could not be destroyed as he had become the direct conduit of all the energy. The Greys and DelVarie had helped him with his quest for power and so they were stripped of all rights and privileges and scattered among the stars." 

"The books were sent to different places for safe keeping. Some have been lost to time, others have been found but there secrets remained locked, until now. Now that you've opened the power and opened the book, Drackon-El has been awakened from his slumber, and will come searching for what he believes is his."

"So what do we do now?" Greyson asked squeezing Keiras hand.

"We prepare for war." 

--

They stepped into the dark dwelling that Greyson lived in. After the talk with Samuel, he escorted them to get Keira her own Dat-ta bot and some clothes and other items for her. Greyson offered for her to stay with him, knowing this had to be a lot to take in, as he had gone through something similar before, many years ago.

Samuel wished them a good night and reminded them that he would be back in the morning to take them to the High Counsel to inform the rest of the galaxy of the news. Tired, they both stumbled in and Greyson turned on the lights.

"Are you hungry?" He asked gently touching her elbow. "I can order whatever you want."

Keira shook her head, "Not really, I'm just trying to process all of this. One minute I was at home and now I'm in space, and have started a war." She frowned deeply and looked at the Dat-ta bot. 

It looked like a little friendly robot. It appeared and disappeared and made a little back flip when Samuel explained to her everything it can do. It was basically a space cell phone that floats and has a personality. She sat on what looked like a couch, it was all smooth lines facing a screen and she quietly commanded the robot for information. Trying to cram centuries of knowledge into her brain. 

Greyson sighed and thought it best to give her some space and let her adjust on her own. He went to the kitchen area and imputed a order of chicken wings and a coke. He sat on the stool and ate quietly thinking over his own situation. He had read up on the history of the galaxy when he was first taken, so he knew how serious this was, and if he didn't Samuel had definitely made sure. He had pulled Greyson to the side and urgently informed him to not act upon his feelings towards the girl. 

"Most Elementals and their Keepers feel some sort of pull, a means to stay together. Some have the opposite effect and they can not stand to be in the same room. Yours I'm afraid is the first, and it is very intense. You must take it slow, for the both of you. You can choose to ignore the feeling, the pull. That is your choice. But if you decide to pursue it I must warn you to wait until your training is complete. Raw emotions can be... messy."

Staring at her, watching her nose wrinkle in concentration, he had already known which path he was taking. He had his share of woman, human and other. But that was sex, his job, what kept his place and kept him from ending up in the slums. This was different. Taking a swig of coke, he watched her get up and smiled as she headed his way. 

"You doing okay? Do you need me to explain anything?" he smiled at her and nudged the food and her own drink to her. "You should eat something."

She hesitated then slowly ate a chicken wing, a small moan escaping her, she devoured the rest, much to his amusement. Blushing she drank her coke as they just looked at one another, it felt natural, like they had been here before. Wiping her face she asked, "Do you have a shower?"

"Yeah, right over there," he pointed to the corner of the room near his bed. He got up as she followed him as he slowly imputed the controls of the shower, as she watched intently. 

"Hot or cold?"

"Hot. I can't stand cold."

"You too, huh?" He gave her a bright lopsided grin and she stared at him. They got lost in each others eyes, brown and aqua, until he cleared his throat and said, "Leave the jumpsuit here I'll take care of it when you get in."

Greyson promptly made a beeline for the kitchen area and kept his back turned to give her some privacy. He heard the zipper of the suit as she stepped out of it and into the shower. The image of her naked flashed in his mind and he tried to control his thoughts. 

Turning around slowly he gathered her suit and put it in the laundry and placed her new clothes by the panel. Sitting on the couch, he flipped through the channels trying to distract himself from the beautiful girl that was now naked in his shower.

--

A sound like glass shattering disturbed the dead silence, the darkness was shattered with pieces of glass like crystals as a figure slumped out of the shell it was in. Other figures broke free of their confinement stirring awake. The figure rose, dark and tall, eyes void of color, it grabbed one of the beings and bit into it tearing the skin, blood floating out into the air. Others coward at its feet as they became more awake, kicked aside by a second figure as it kneeled in front of the first. 

Drackon-El looked down on his loyal Second, a strong DelVarie warrior named Thuruum-Geth, his scaly skin shining in the dim light, broken horns going down his spine a sign of the war he had fought bravely in, protecting his Master until they were frozen by the High Guard. Looking up at Drackon-El, he awaited his orders.

Drackon-El cast the body aside, stretching, His black pointed armor creaking from being in the same position for so long. His wide eyes looked upon his remaining subjects as all kneeled at his feet. He gathered his hair back and sniffed the air as he was seeking something, concentrating he got a flash of a girl, in a stream of water, red hair hiding her face. 

"One of the new Elements has awakened and has broken our slumber," his deep voice reverberated through the land, as his Second rose to stand by his side. "They thought me rid of, that stripping me of my powers would be enough, but they were wrong. And now, some girl has received my gift, and others shall awaken. We shall set out to concur these Elementals and give me back what was once mine!" 

A cheer broke out that was silenced swiftly by his Second's sword being raised, the clear red flame brightening the room and casting shadows over the glass like spikes protruding from all sides.

"We will not fail this time. We will destroy all that are in our path until I am fully restored to my power. None can stop me for I am Drackon-El Ruler of all Elements!" He let out a ungodly roar, as the crystals around them all shattered and the sky was revealed.

"Retrieve my ship," He ordered Geth, as he took a female Grey into his arms. Biting into her neck her screams of agony made his cock stir as his mind went to the red headed child in the water.

---

Greyson got up off the floor, the blinding pain receding him as the vision he just witness disappeared. Half crawling to the shower, his only concern was of Keria. Opening the panel he found her crying on the floor, curled up in a ball, her eyes opening, bright red, with fear plastered on her face. The shower making her hair stick to her hiding half of her face. Picking her up, he covered her with a towel and set her on the couch, he ran to the innercom link, and summoned Samuel, stating it was urgent at once. 

Going back to her, he sat next to her gently. She was visibly shaking clutching the towel. Symbols glowed brightly on her skin as she looked at him. 

"Did you s-s-see him?"

Greyson just nodded.

"He, he, he saw me." she whispered. "He filled my mind with images, he's gonna, he's gonna.."

Greyson felt a heat fill his chest as he wrapped his arms around her holding her tight. She watched in fascination as her symbols coated his skin, going from red to gold, as they passed between them. "He's going to die this time Keira. He won't win again. I won't let him get his hands on you." He brushed her hair away, cupping her face.

Her red eyes met his now gold ones and in that instant, slowly as if time had stopped, they leaned in closer together, lips touching, they kissed.