 Keira woke up to knocking on her door. She pulled the covers over her eyes as the door was opened and a high pitched voice spoke, "Miss Keira! We are here to get you ready for the ceremony, if you would please get untangled from your bedding we shall get ready!"

Keria peeked out to see a tiny old looking woman. She looked like a cat dressed as a grandma. The image of last night flashed into her head and she buried herself deeper under the covers. 

"Come now, we cannot dally! We must prepare you Miss and get you out to the people, for they are eager to see the new Elemental!

"Fine," Keria groaned, throwing back the covers and getting out of bed. The cat lady covered her in a hooded robe and ushered her out of the room. "Can't a girl use the bathroom first?" Keria asked grumpy. 

"You may relieve yourself when we get to the bathing chamber! Right now we must hurry." Keira followed along in a light jog to keep up. She peered at the city through the slotted windows as they hurried along. The sunrise was making everything shine, the gold towers reflecting the light, almost blinding her. The orange sky looked calm, only a few clouds in the sky. 

She followed her through hallways and winding stairs until they reached a huge room. It had a pool set into the floor, columns that had wispy white material strung from them. Sunlight shone from the sky lights above and Keria sucked in a breath. It looked gorgeous. 

"Please go relieve yourself so we may begin," the cat woman pointed to a room off to the side, "But please hurry."

Keira went to the bathroom and washed her hands coming back out. The cat lady removed her cloak and motioned for her to remove the rest, Keira was hesitant. "I don't wish to mate with you Miss, I wish to get you ready. You must be cleaned and dressed before the ceremony." Other women then came in, holding material and baskets of stuff. Keira sighed and stripped, wanting to get it over with. The old woman motioned to the pool, and Keira got into the dark blue green water. They moved her to the edge as two of the women, one green skinned and one purple, got in the pool with her. They were wearing silver bikinis, their hair was braided and tied up upon there heads. They looked human, just with the weird skin color. The other two went to the edge of the pool and knelt down, beginning to wash Keira's hair. 

The old woman applied oils to the water and handed different things to the other girls. "Relax yourself Miss, and enjoy. We are honored to prepare you." Keira closed her eyes as the women scrubbed her hair and washed her limbs, opening her eyes when she felt them touch her crotch and breasts. She was startled to find the purple woman rubbing a red gel all over her breasts and around her nipples, going around her jewelry. 

"Mistress Keveta," she said, looking up at the old woman, "She has her nipples adored with jewelry, may I give her something more fitting for the ceremony?"

"Yes, if she will allow us."

"Sure," Keria said, wondering what kind of jewelry they had. She felt a weird sensation on her crotch and wondered what the other girl was doing, as she was underneath the water. As they finished they motioned for Keria to get out of the water. They positioned her in front of a ornate golden mirror. The sunlight shone on her skin, the water dripping from her body to pool on the floor. She was surprised to see she was completely hairless, explaining what the one girl was doing.

The girls dried her off, taking care to dry her hair to a damp state as Keria watched them. They started to apply an oil to her body, starting at her feet and working up massaging her muscles as they went along. Another girl started brushing out her hair, Keira noticed it was longer, almost to her butt. She examined herself closer in the mirror and realized she had no flaws. Not a pimple or blemish was on her face. She looked to her arm to see if the scar she had gotten when she was eight and had fallen off her bike was still there. It wasn't and Keria looked surprised. 

The old woman spoke up, "This ritual is to clean you, to purify your body to be the vessel for the Element. As you are the first to awake, it is your honor to be the one for this rite of passage. We hope you are pleased." 

Keria's eyebrows shot up as she responded, "Yes I am. It's a bit shocking though." She looked at the two girls as they massaged her arms then worked into her chest. She blushed hard as they kneaded her breasts, one of them stopping to take out her jewelry. "We will send these to your room Miss," she said looking up at her, her breath tickling Keira's nipple. Keira just nodded unable to speak. 

The girls behind her finished brushing her hair. They coated it with something and started to gather it in sections, leaving wispy pieces down and making braids, weaving them together into a top knot. They grabbed golden jewelry and wove it into her hair, a piece connecting it across her forehead, with a ruby hanging between her eyebrows. They changed out her earrings. They put in dangling rubies, and ruby studs in her second set of piercings. 

They changed her nose stud out, a thin gold hoop was placed. They added bangles to her arms as the two girls in front of her gathered a pot with a red substance, they began to trace over her symbols and it tingled where the paint was. The other girls attached a beautiful golden collar, rubies lining it, to her neck. It had chains attached to it. They pick one up each and unscrewed the barbell, carefully inserting it into her nipples, the ends being rubies as well. The other chain hung straight down, and the one girl blushed and spoke to Keria, "We need to attach this one to your bud, if you will let us Miss." 

Keira looked confused until the girl pointed to her crotch. "Oh. Oh!" She said, a hot blush creeping over her face and neck. "Okay, if you must." She awkwardly spread her legs, letting the girls clamp it to her clit. She felt wet, her embarrassment rising as the green skinned girl smiled up at her licking her lips subtly. They stood and finished tracing the symbols on her chest and neck as the girls behind her traced the ones down her back. 

The old woman gathered the cloth and helped Keria step into it. It was very revealing, it was a halter neck, it draped from her shoulders in a low scoop neck showing off the chains between her breasts. Her sides were completely open as well, the symbols curving around her breasts peeking out. Her back was open again, her symbols going down her spine, more apparent with the red paint. Just her butt and legs were covered. They attached a gold chain around her hips, like a belt. It had loops hanging from it in different lengths, rubies at the middle of the loops. The dress had slits on the side like the one she wore last night, going up to her hips and the belt. She couldn't see her nipples even though the dress was white, only the bumps of her jewelry could be seen. 

They helped her into golden strapped heels, Keria wobbling a little. She couldn't take her eyes off of herself until one of the girls turned her head, and started applying makeup. Once she was finished Keria looked back and gasped, she looked like a goddess. Her lips were a gorgeous shade of red, her eye shadow was golden, as was her blush, contouring her face into super model status. The gold shimmered on her pale skin, and her hair looked as if it was on fire. She couldn't believe how beautiful she looked. 

"Thank you," she half whispered, clutching the hands of the girls. "This is amazing, thank you so much." 

The old woman smiled at her, "You are most welcome. Now, we must get you to the ceremony."

 ----

 There was a gathering of people in the ballroom. It was a massive room, tall marble pillars lined the walls, it had an open skylight, letting the sun illuminate the room. Jargen stood tall at the entrance and around the edges of the room. A grand staircase at the front, red carpeting rolled out for the Elemental. Everyone was in white, gold, and red. Golden soldiers stood tall among the crowd. 

Greyson stood at the bar area, a couple of pink skinned girls were whispering to each other, glancing at him, their tentacles writhing upon their heads. He sighed heavily, sipping his drink. His thoughts went back to the previous night. He took on a contract, he felt like just because he suddenly became a Keeper his life shouldn't change, he needed to go back to what it was and not be so wrapped up in the girl. Who he owed wouldn't care either. His mind replayed the sight of Keria. She was standing in his doorway. A thin blue dress on, showing off her every curve. Her hair looked tossed, sexy. Her eyes were wide as Greyson climaxed at the sight of her. She turned and ran, and he felt sick to his stomach. His client paid and left. He showered and as he got out he heard voices, peering out into the hall he saw her standing there with that Druindar, he kissed her hand and walked down the hall. Keira had a happy look on her face, almost blissful, as she turned to look at him. He froze then shut the door quickly. 

Sighing, he knocked back the drink and ordered another. Looking out into the crowd he spotted that pompous oaf entering the room. He went through the crowd greeting some and made his way to the bar, next to Greyson. 

He gave him the side eye, the Druindar stood a good foot above Greyson's 5'7 height. His golden armor shining, the electrostix and energy rifle hanging from his hip. He nodded at Greyson, to which he sneered back and turned to face the bar. 

"You should be honored to be a Keeper to such an Elemental," Ari said, trying to break the ice. 

"Yeah, sure that's why there throwing this party, for me." Greyson responded mockingly. 

"It is for the both of you, you will have a part in the rite of passage. You must also help her seek the other Elementals that may be out there," he said motioning to the sky. 

"Sure thing, the next thing you Know my duty will be to wipe her--"

Greyson was cut off by a hand on his shoulder. Ari had a look of anger on his face. 

"Your very self righteous for someone that beds women for a living. You should watch your tone and what you say. Your Elemental does hold the power to destroy you."

"And apparently I have the power to take hers," he said referring to Drackon-El. 

Ari opened his mouth to respond when Samuel addressed the room. "Today is a joyous day, for today we celebrate the new hope in the galaxy. Today we honor the rite of passage for our new Elemental! May she bring peace and prosperity to us all!"

Someone shouted in the crowd, "And may she destroy Drackon-El!" To may whoops and cheers. 

The room went silent as the doors opened and Keria stepped out. Both men's jaws hung open at the sight of her. Samuel escorted her down and to the center of the room as someone wolf whistled. Keiras blushed crept all the way down her chest, both men noted.

The gold on her seemed to glow as did her symbols as she carefully stepped down the stairs. Her breasts bounced gently, the chains in her cleavage hinting at what was underneath. The many rubies sparkled in the light as they made there way to the center, and the room gathered around her. 

Greyson and Ari got closer, as Samuel spoke again, "This young woman has come into power, she has passed the Plains Trials and her next step is to bond with her Keeper and seek out other new Elementals."

Samuel motioned for Greyson to join them. He approached them and stood next to Keira. Keira offered a faint smile, as Greyson smiled back automatically before correcting himself. "Greyson, stand behind Keria," he said as he moved away, down from the raised platform. He was handed a bag of something that looked like red salt and he drew a circle around the two. 

"May this ring unite you as one being," he handed the bag back as it was traded for the book. After a pause he opened the Book of Flames, and began to chant. Red swirling mist rose from the pages and surrounded them both as the crowd backed away slightly.

It felt hot to Keira, and she felt her symbols heat up almost to the point of burning. She backed up into Greyson, reaching for him, feeling dizzy, squinting at the mist and giving up, shutting her eyes to give herself a slight relief.

Greyson wrapped his arms around her, his skin glowing golden symbols as the chanting continued. The heat was unbearable and he felt Keira lean into him, as he held onto her tighter. A tight pain filled his chest as he fought with himself mentally, his emotions out of control as he felt her smooth skin against him, her symbols warming him.

Ari watched on as the swirling mist turned red and gold as it spun faster around them both blocking them out of sight. He felt nervous that the ceremony would not work, that Greyson's refusal of his role would ultimately destroy them both, and they would reject each other.

Keria opened her eyes as the mist stormed around them, blinking she was suddenly in a trench holding a rifle. She was confused, wondering just what happened. Explosions and screaming shocked her, her body moved, running, as if it was not her own. As if she was seeing through someone else's eyes, she ran through the trenches, slipping on mud, ducking at the sound of explosions, tripping over bodies and men dying, screaming in agony, blood and guts strewn about as suddenly there was a white light above her. She looked up into it as it blinded her, she shut her eyes as all noises died off. Opening her eyes again she was strapped down on a metal table, creatures above her, looking like something out of a horror movie, were cutting into her body as she screamed in pain. They dug around inside her and sewed her back up, only to cut her open in a different place. When they cut her abdomen open and pulled out her stomach she felt her eyes roll back into darkness. Opening her eyes again, fearful to what awaited her, she was in a cage, shivering cold. Something disgusting was in a bowl in front of her as a see through creature stood in front of her talking to her torturers, she was beautiful, looking like she didn't belong there. The wore a long green robe and kept staring at her as she spoke. 

The room was grimy and dirty, other humans and other beings in cages, some curled up, others rocking back and forth as her eyes went back to her captors, one banged on her cage making her jump as another grabbed her arm through a slot, injecting her and everything went dark again. A flash of light and then she was in a bath, steam rising as she looked to a doorway in front of her. The clear creature smiled at her beckoning, she was naked, looking like a human gummy bear almost, smooth skin and perky breasts, her hair was long and she smirked, beckoning. Keira rose out of the bath and to her, she blinked and she was panting, looking down herself as her dick pumped in and out of the creature, her breasts bouncing in time to her thrusts as she picked up speed, the clear woman's cooing making her shiver as she watched herself release inside of it. She threw her head back in bliss as her eyes closed and opened to her hands covered in some rainbow liquid, almost like oil in a parking lot. The clear woman laid dead in front of her, anger rising in her throat, as she kissed the beautiful creatures forehead, covering her with a jacket, she slowly stood and walked over the body and out a door. Another flash and other creatures laid murdered, as she pulled the trigger killing the last one that was pleading for it's life. Another flash and she was on earth, looking at a woman, looking down at a locket with a picture of her. Looking back up she was holding a boy, who looked a lot like Greyson. She felt herself wipe away tears, looking up again she saw a funeral, a man looking like Greyson, holding a woman as they both stared into the grave below them. The mans hand was on a little girls head, she had bright yellow hair. She blinked and she was back in space signing a contract, her services to pay off a debt. Another flash and she saw her own self in the doctors office, naked and glowing with power, then in the doorway in her blue outfit looking shocked and hurt, and finally going down the stairs, looking like a goddess, unrecognizable to herself. She felt a strong emotion in her chest at each sight of herself as suddenly the vision went dark. Gasping she opened her eyes to see the storm again swirling around her, reaching to her stomach to grab Greyson's hands as she panted tired, her mind racked with confusion.

The intensity in the room was thick, not one dared to breathe as suddenly Samuel's chanting stopped and the mist fell down on top of the circle. The two were lit in flames, one red, one golden. The flames twisted around them, making some step back cautiously and then it died down, revealing the two. Greyson and Keira's symbols faded. Their eyes stood the same, red and gold, and would remain like that. 

Greyson stepped away from her, and they shared a long look at each other. Before either could speak they were interrupted by Samuel. 

"The rite of passage is complete. Keeper and Elemental are now bound together. Let the feast begin!" 

Servants came out into the crowd offering food and drink, the noise picking up as everyone started talking with one another. Music could be heard faintly over the noise as Keria and Greyson stepped out of the circle and back into the crowd.

"Your next step is to find the others," Samuel spoke to them. "That will happen later tonight, as of now, we enjoy ourselves. Think of it as a little down time before the big game." He bowed and walked away leaving the two alone. 

Keira awkwardly looked at Greyson, "Did you, did you happen to see anything while we were in there?" She asked pointing to the circle. 

Greyson stared into her eyes, "Even if I did what would it matter? We have a job to do, why don't you go mingle with that Druindar you were with last night?"

Keira blushed, his hostility throwing her off. "Look Greyson, neither of us asked for this. I'm sorry you ended up my Keeper, and that it has ruined your life. But we didn't choose this we have to look out for each other." Catching his attention she added, "I'm sorry for what happened to you, and your wife. That you ended up like this. But it is not my fault, and you shouldn't place the blame on me. That kiss we shared meant something to me," she could see his eyes widen, "It felt like the most right thing to have ever happen to my life and I know you fell the same. When this is over hopefully we can go our own ways, if that is truly what you want." She squeezed his hand as he realized he was still holding on to her, letting her go slightly embarrassed.

She turned and walked away without giving him a chance to answer. She didn't want to hear it and she didn't care right now. The pain in her chest was too much as she reached the bar. She ordered just water, and sipped it slowly trying to sooth the lump in her throat. Him denying his feelings towards her, after all he had been through was understandable, but it still upset her. There was no reason they couldn't be together.

"You seem upset, sweet one." 

She turned to see Ari peering down at her. 

"It's nothing," she said trying to get a grip on herself. 

"If it was nothing your symbols would not be as bright," he said barely touching her back making her jump. "Your Keeper has upset you, Baelea. That is not right. He should be bringing you peace, not upsetting you."

"He's been through a lot," Keria said, not knowing why she was defending him. "He didn't ask for this, much less be a second in command to someone else."

"But you didn't ask for it either," he stated peering into her eyes, "You do not throw fits of child because your life has changed."

"Fits of child?" She asked smirking, "I think you mean a sissy fit." She couldn't help but smile at the language translation. Ari smiled back, "I am sorry, Keira, that my language is laughable to you." He said chuckling. 
