 Keira bit into the ball gag as the searing pain in her back grew more. She kept her concentration, healing her back after it was cut open, infuriating Drackon-El. He swung the whip harder, the jagged steel tips tearing into her flesh, as it glowed and was healed again. One last stroke, and he gave up, rage making him sweat. The bulge in his pants aching, he rearranged himself as he took off her blindfold. He traced the symbols down her spine, he was careful to not hit them for he didn't want to damage any connection to her power. He brought his arms around to her jewelry, kneading her breasts he yanked, pulling the pieces of metal through, tearing her nipples, feeling them bleed down her stomach. Her muffled screams made his cock twitch, but he had to pace himself. 

Coming around he took her ball gag out, as she spat at him, glaring. He stroked her cheek, dodging as she tried to bite his hand, and back handed her, proceeding to take off the collar. His final act, one he was savoring, he looked her in the eyes as he yanked on the chain connecting to her clit. Her face twisting in pain almost brought him release. He threw the jewelry on the floor. 

"I think that's enough for now," he said bending down to lick her nipple, the metal tasting blood was intriguing to him. He had never tortured a Terran before and it was proving most exciting. 

Turning he walked out the door, his Second following him. "Have her cleaned up and fed, I don't want her dead just yet." 

Hitting his chest with his fist and bowing, Thurrum-Geth replied, "Yes Master." 

--- 

Greyson gratefully took the water offered to him, uncaring that it was Ari on the other end of the drink. Sweat beaded off his face as he reassured that Keira was okay before severing the connection. He was supplying her with power, she used it to heal herself and piss off that bastard. Greyson had felt every lash of the whip, the tearing burning heat when he tore the jewelry out, and only through the connection was he able to keep her conscious when he tore the clamp off of her clit. 

Greyson got up and went to the break room of the ship, his new routine. He would stay there for a few hours, punching the practice dummies until he was able to control himself. 

It was three days after Drackon-El attacked the celebration. Many were dead, the army coming in, killing the rest of his creatures as Greyson and Ari attended to Samuel. 

They weren't able to save his legs, but they did manage to keep him alive. He now resides in a floating chair, something looking like a futuristic wheel chair. Drackon-El's plan back fired. Instead of weakening them, the whole Colony now was at their backs. The ship Greyson was on, was three days out from the ship Keira was on. Other Colony forces were waiting ahead, planning to bottleneck Drackon-El's forces and give them enough time to board the ship and find her. 

Frustrated, he punched at the dummy, as a whoosh was heard letting him know someone else was joining him. Turning he could see Ari standing at the entrance. Turning back he continued his assault, throwing punches and kicks as he blocked the response of the dummy. It matched his speed and timing, but it still wasn't enough as Greyson laid hit after hit, the ping of connection filling the room. 

Ari grabbed two practice sticks, long staffs, that had sensors attached and went to Greyson. 

"Spar with me," he said when he got the man's attention. 

Grayson grabbed the stick, heading to the circle. "I won't be gentle." 

"I don't want you to be," Ari spoke as he stripped out to his basics. Both men stood in pants and shirts, feet bare, at the ready. 

They touched sticks and then it began. Greyson was vicious attacking Ari without rest. Meanwhile Ari seemed calm and collected, blocking and evading Greyson's hits. As Greyson swung, Ari turned and dodged, swinging his stick out, knocking Greyson off his feet and to his back, losing his stick. Ari pointed the stick at his throat as the computer system called the match. 

Offering his hand Ari stated, "That is the difference between us, you are quick to act, letting your feelings get the best of you, burning those around. I wait, I wait to see what others do first, and use that motion against them. You need to learn to wait, or your going to burn yourself, and her, up." 

Greyson got up ignoring Ari's hand. "We're fine thanks. I'm keeping her alive aren't I?" 

Ari nodded slightly, putting his stick back up. "You are, but are you healing her?" Greyson opened his mouth to respond but Ari held up a hand. "I don't mean just giving her power to heal her wounds, I mean healing all of her, her mind as well. A mind is a fragile thing, and to be tortured the way she is, she's bound to fracture. You need to give her the strength she needs against him. Otherwise he will break her in ways even your power cannot fix." 

With that, Ari turned and left, leaving Greyson with his thoughts. He returned to the head of the ship to review their progress, dressing as he went. Many of the females and some of the males looked at him ad he passed. He knew he was lusted after, either his body or his position. He was not only captain of his city, but he was prince of his home world, Eliea. When he was younger, about a century ago, he had argued with his mother and father. He wanted to go out and make something of his life, before having to sit on a throne. He would have rather passed that job onto his seven sisters, all who were eager to wear his mother's crown. 

Eventually they gave in, and let him join the High Guard. He worked his way up the ranks honorably, and now was stationed as Captain of Damriel the home world of the Council. With that station came a burden. He was wanted for his title, nothing more. His thoughts turned to Keira. He was on patrol that night, even though he had a high station, he never thought it beneath him to task himself with what others thought grunt work. He loved traveling through the city streets after sun down, the quiet bringing him peace and letting him be with his thoughts. 

His thoughts were interrupted when a flash of blue ran passed some of the stalls at the end of the lane. His gut reaction was to follow, so he broke out into a light jog, following the figure. He realized it was a woman. Her skirt was whipping around her legs, giving him flashes of pale skin as she ran. Her back was glowing with red symbols as he realized he was following the Elemental that was brought into his city. He slowed his jog and came to a stop as he saw her walk to the edge of the dock, he was unsure if she was going to jump, for he had no idea what was going on. He waited, watching as she sat, her red hair flying around her with the gentle wind. 

She had her arms wrapped around herself, her outfit was revealing as the puzzle in Ari's head clicked together. He had heard the rumors swirl about the Elemental and her Keeper. Sucking in a quiet breath he interrupted her thoughts. 

She was beautiful. Her red hair shining in the light of the moons, her pale skin glowing. Warm brown eyes drew him in and as he looked down he could see the swell of her chest, tipped with rosebuds, through her dress. He offered his cloak, as his gaze lingered too long, making her blush and he watched entranced as the blush crept from her cheeks, down her smooth neck and to her chest as she covered herself. They sat on the dock for a long while, neither speaking. It was the most peaceful moment Ari had experienced in a long while. It was interrupted by her stating she wished to go back. Ari escorted her, taking a long route, wanting to extend his time with this enchanting creature. He talked about his city with pride, the people and cultures that gathered here, he delved a bit into his home world, and she seemed interested, asking questions. He tended to her injured foot, secretly happy to be able to bring her close to him, inhaling her scent, it was light, fresh, faintly smelling floral. Finally they made it to her room and his night with her had to end. She kept looking to a door, he assumed her Keepers as he brought her attention back to him, he kissed her hand, against protocol but he didn't care at the moment. She made him feel alive in a way he couldn't explain. 

And now she was held by the greatest evil the galaxy has known. His thoughts returned to the present as he talked to the ships captain, discussing the course, and tactical measures being taken. He wish he could will them to go faster. Not only was she at stake, his feelings for her growing stronger, but the entire galaxy. He shared a look with Samuel, who was resting in the corner of the room. Samuel had confided in them both that if they didn't get to her, they didn't have to fear him taking her power, they had to fear him making her go dark. 

-- 

Keira looked at the alien tending to her. She was a Grey, she had a round smooth head, large black eyes, thin lips and just a small nose. She had long fingers, twice the length of Keira's and was washing her down. She put on a stinky substance to her nipples and back, it tingled as it healed her skin. They had let her down, but kept her arms bound, in a metal that felt like cloth but was hard as steel. The Grey tried to feed her some berries, but Keira shook her head. The Grey looked pleadingly at her. She opened her mouth and spoke, "P-please, eat the fruit. He will h-harm me if you don't." 

Keira could see the Grey was scared but she couldn't be sure it wasn't some ploy from Drackon-El. "How old are you?" She asked the creature. 

"I am ten." 

"Ten years," Keira asked her eyebrows shooting up, "Are you an adult?" 

The Grey shook her head. "I am a youngling. He killed my parents and, and, took me." 

Keira still wasn't sure, but the look on the Grey's face and her nervousness made Keira eat some of the fruit. She didn't taste anything, except the flavor of the berries and she hoped it wasn't a mistake. "What's your name?" She asked as she chewed. The Grey just shrugged, "We don't have names. At least I never knew mine." 

"Well I have to call you something," Keira stated as she finished the fruit. "What about Alice?" 

"Al-liss" the Grey repeated. "Alice. I like it, thank you." She bowed slightly then jumped when the door slammed open. Thuruum-Geth walked in, scowling at Keira. 

"Has she eaten?" 

"Y-y-yes, sir." Alice said, cowering on the floor. Geth grabbed her by the neck as Keira struggled against her binds. He started choking the girl, as she thrashed around, blue tears running down her face. 

Keira got up to her feet and charged him, blasting him with a burst of power. Alice fell coughing, scurrying out of the room mouthing a thank you to Keira. 

Geth got back up chuckling. "I can see why my Master wants to fuck you." He eyed her up and down as she watched him cautiously. He played with her hair until she sent a spark of flame through it, singeing his fingertips. He licked them as he turned to face her grabbing her throat, squeezing. She panicked, her vision going dark as her powers welled and burst, setting fire to the room and throwing Geth back. Her arms were free as warning sirens went off on the ship, her fire carried through the ventilation triggering sirens and lock downs, the ship thrown into panic. She ran for the door, trying to come up with a plan as she jumped over Geth, kicking him in the face first, knocking him out. She ran down corridors, avoiding the Greys with the guns. As she turned a corner, she stopped, two DelVarie were standing there, not facing her. As she turned to go back down the other way two more appeared but didn't notice her yet. Suddenly a hand was over her mouth and before she could react she heard, "It is Alice, p-please come with me." She pulled her into a vent shutting it behind them, they crawled slowly through trying to be as silent as possible. Soon it opened up into a tiny room. Other Grey's were there, and some DelVarie. They looked mostly female from what Keira could tell. There were nests of material and items strewn about. "They will not be able to find you here, but we have to be quiet." 

"What of the ships sensors? Won't it spot us?" 

Alice shook her head, "We had taken those out a l-long time ago. This place isn't on the computer. You will be safe here for n-now. Then we must get you off the ship." 

"Why are you doing this?" She asked, the knowledge of the war coming back to her. "Aren't you on his side?" 

Some hissed as she asked that and Alice hushed them. "Our p-parents were at one time, they were f-fooled into believing he was going to change the galaxy, to give us more r-rights. Instead he ravished the galaxy and destroyed lives, turning to killing our p-parents. The ones that fought against this died harshly. The ones that joined were either turned into savages or beaten until their spirits broke. We are all that's l-left." 

"So your like a resistance group, but your all kids?" 

Alice nodded her head. "We don't live long anymore, I am the oldest. I came from a small village, D-Drackon-El convinced my tribe to join. My p-parents were killed. I would have been forced to breed but," she lifted up the tattered shirt showing the scarring across her stomach, "I destroyed that part of m-myself. I'm just a servant now, but I will live longer. Most breed woman don't live past their first birth. The men are v-vicious." 

Keira sat down wearily as a child handed her a drink, it tasted like kool aid. "So what's the plan?" 

--- 

News traveled fast and there was a rush of activity on the ship as Ari and Greyson listened to the report. A blast happened on Drackon-El's ship, slowing him up greatly. It took out a portion of the ship, no critical damage, but his systems were fried. It was Keira, clearly. Greyson tried to reach out to her, but it was blocked. She was alive but she didn't want him in her head right now. He got the feeling she was going to do something stupid. 

The captain coordinated with the other ships, their trajectory showing they would be there in a day now, and both men sighed a little in relief. 

They prepared, checking weapons and equipment, and bunking down for some rest before the fight. 

Greyson stared up at the ceiling his thoughts swirling around. He handled things poorly with Keira, and now he might not be able to fix it. He turned to his side. He had let his past get the best of him and acted like a jackass. He got jealous, when he saw her with Ari. That smug bastard thought he knew everything, trying to woo his woman. His woman? Was she really his? That kiss felt like it. It was intense, powerful. He got a high that went beyond what any drug could do. He looked on the symbols on his arms, and with that kiss he became a Keeper. 

His life got taken over. He's now on a ship fighting a war that wasn't his to fight. He felt resentment. Hasn't he been through enough? He was fighting in a war when all this happened. He was in world war two. Hunkered down in a trench, his platoon was over run and he was trying to retreat. Then suddenly there was a bright light. It froze him in place and knocked him unconscious, the next thing he knew, those bastards were cutting him open. He was kept in a cage, for how long he did not know. Then one day, that girl came. She was see through, and gorgeous. She brought him home and took care of him. He made love to her like she was the only woman in space. He thought he could finally move on. 

Then as if the universe likes to yank a persons chain, he came home one day, her favorite flowers in hand and he found her laying there. Rage filled him. He found the ones that had slaughtered her and killed then mercilessly. Before he put a bullet through the last ones head, it told him why. She had paid large amounts of money to buy him, and she was suppose to hand him over, to be processed out and be sold to the highest bidder. Instead she fell in love with him and broke the contract, paying back her boss in full, but it wasn't enough. She went behind their backs so she had to die. 

She died because she fell in love with him, and it was his fault he couldn't protect her. 

He found a ship heading to earth, it was rare to come by, because earth was off limits generally. 

The war was over, he went home to find his wife and son playing out front. He was going to confront her, but just couldn't. She looked so happy. 

He watched, living close by, as she remarried, his son grew, and got married, they had a girl, his granddaughter. And all that while he never aged. Just barely. Then his wife died. He was there for the funeral. His son actually came up to him, to thank him for being there. His son's wife looked shocked, looking at him and then back at her husband. He left quickly. 

He decided to leave earth forever. It was no better in space though. Work was hard to find, so he ended up servicing women. He struck up a lot of debt gambling and now he was stuck paying it off. The irony didn't pass him, as he had become the thing she had sacrificed her life to keep him from becoming. 

His thoughts swirled to Keira. He loved her, at least he was starting to, but he didn't want to repeat his life again. He didn't want to watch her die. He didn't want her. But that little voice inside told him he did. 

-- 

They snuck through the vents, heading to the emergency pods. They stopped occasionally to listen to make sure the computer system didn't pick them up. Finally Alice opened the vent and they waited. After a few minutes alarms blared and they heard the activity of the ship as all personnel headed to see what was happening. Keira looked at Alice, she was wringing her hands together, clearly worried about the others. 

"Hey, it's going to be okay," Keira offered resting a hand on Alice's shoulder. "We're all going to get out of here okay? You said the colony ship is right behind us, we will make it. You will be safe I swear." 

A ruckus made them shrink into the shadows, then suddenly the other kids appeared from the vent and hallway. Keira looked at their scared and nervous faces. Some were so small, they had to be carried like toddlers. 

Keira and the group ran to the pods. She opened the door to one and ushered them inside. The last to enter was Alice. She paused looking at Keira. "Thank you, now m-maybe we will be able to have a life." 

"Get in before were found out," Keira said urging her into the pod. 

"I think that's a bit too late," a voice spoke behind them. 

Reacting fast Keira shoved Alice in and ejected the pod. She could see Alice screaming as the pod's on board computer kicked in taking them to the ship. Keira smiled slightly and touched the glass, watching Alice fly away, touching the window to the pod, mirroring Keira. 

Keira turned around and opened her mental link to Greyson making sure he kept the kids safe. She shut it as he saw Drackon-El in front of her. 

"So you destroy my ship and send my servants away?" 

Keira half shrugged letting herself relax for the fight that was coming, "My mother always said I was a bitch." 

"A bitch indeed," Drackon-El said coming closer. He lunged at her as she blasted him with power. He was stunned for a minute giving her time to land some blows. She avoided his fist, as she swung at him, her power fueling her. Suddenly he swung up, connecting with her jaw and everything went white. She came to as he was on top of her, binding her hands. She used her power to throw him off but it failed, as she watched in horror as her power was absorbed into him. She panicked and tried to throw him off again just to have him smile down at her. "Looks like you don't have an upper hand any more. I guess I need to show you what I do to bitches." 

He dragged her down the corridor by her hair as she kicked and screamed. They entered a room, it was dark as he threw her on a bed. Her mind linked with Greyson's as she felt the heat of his anger, it got cut off. 
