 This story starts out a little slow, but trust me it is worth it. Please take your time and read the whole thing. Thank you.

* * * * *

Once upon a time, in a land that existed long ago, there was a small and quaint little village. This village was absolutely marvelous. It had people that knew everyone in town and they all live in harmony for the good of the village. The men worked the fields and the mills and the women taught the children and cooked the meals. They even had a beautiful little stream that run through the middle of the village.

Even the buildings in the village were beautiful. The most pride was put into the sparkling white marble of the church. Every Sunday people when to church at the sound of the bell and listened to the Priestess Katsumi give her sermon. After the sermon they would all pile out of the church and make sure that it shone with the brilliance that reflected their love for their God.

Now the Priestess Katsumi was a marvel of a lady. She stood 5'7" tall and her sleek frame only weight about 110 pounds. Her black hair flowed over her shoulders and down her back like liquid ebony. Her blazing emerald green eyes seemed to glimmer out from behind the hood she would wear at all time while outdoors. Her robe did an excellent job at hiding her nicely golden skin and her unusual 36 D breasts that seemed to defy gravity and demand attention even through her modest outfit. She was looked up to and respected in earnest by the other Villagers. They saw her as a guiding light on the path to righteousness. She was always there for all of her flock until that day.

It was a most beautiful Sunday. The Villagers were just beginning their scrubbing of the church marble and Katsumi was looking over them after an exceptionally powerful sermon that brought some of her congregation to tears. It was on this day the dragon came. The shape was just barely seen on the horizon and ignored until it came much, much closer and let out a mighty roar that seemed to make the entire village shiver in fear. All the Villagers gathered their children and ran to their homes as the monstrous, black scaled dragon approached. The flapping of it's wing carried the sound of whipping leather as they beat the air to keep the slick, oily figure afloat in the air.

Through all the panic all around her, Katsumi was the only one to stand her ground at the doors of the church. She never even flinched as the massive creature landed in the center of her village and reared hit's head atop its long head while it let out yet another mighty roar. Yet through all this Katsumi stood her ground. She stared defiantly up at the dragon and guarded her church. Her gaze only hardened when the massive black beast lowered its head down to her level.

"Be gone you beast of Satan. Be gone and leave our Village alone." She declared directly to the Dragon's fanged snout. His only reply was opening his mouth to reveal a long snake like tongue, sparkling white fangs and a strange blue light in the back of his throat.

* * * * *

When Katsumi awakens she can only see darkness. As she come to she can feel the smooth silk bedding beneath her and then she realizes that her robes and undergarments had been taken from her. She was here in a strange place, naked on silk linens. When she tries to cover herself her hands were halted but the leather bonds around her wrists that were connected to the chains that hung from the wall behind the bed. This came as an amazing shock. But what was the biggest shock was when she discovered that a steel rod separated her ankles so she couldn't close her legs. Now she was fully awake and terrified.

Then, in the middle of her terror a light came from the hall. Dimly at first be then growing brighter. It wasn't long before she heard footsteps approaching. She did her best to struggle against the chains and bracer, trying to hide herself from whoever was approaching. But it was to late. A candle's flame peaked it's way around a corner and behind it followed a man so dashing that she lost all will to hide herself from him. For a moment she even lost her will to breathe in order to hear his movements.

Before her stood a man whose perfection can only be described by way of the gods. His hair was as blue as the sea and flowed from his head down to stop at his neck. The way it looked so pure yet so cold reminded her of the winter's ice on the river. Her gaze moved down to his eyes. Oh such eyes, eyes that burned with the light of a fire behind the purest sapphires. When she gazed into them she first saw their glow that seemed to rival the glow of the candle, yet their depth was beyond her wildest dreams. But that wasn't all that impressed her. As her gaze moved down further, she noticed that he was quite tall. About 6 feet, perfect to match his well-defined frame. He wore to shirt and she noted every sharp curvature of his muscles, how the light from the candle dance and played upon them like children playing upon a hill.

"So, you are awake? Welcome to my lair." His voice snapped her out of her trace as if a shard of ice had just been shot down her back. She broke her gaze from traveling down any further and looked up into the perfect features of his face, into those marvelous eyes. Her awe left her and her defiance returned as she struggled against the chains once again.

"Are you the one who commanded the Dragon to bring me here?" She demanded more then asked. Instead of replying to her he move to her side on the bed and set the candle down on the bed stand next to her. His movements where fluid, yet sharp. He made no sound at all. But yet when he was coming down the hall she could have sworn she heard his footsteps. Did he purposely make that noise in the hall to alert her to his coming?

"I asked you a question!" Her tone was almost hateful towards him as she riled away from his body trying distance herself from him. His response was swift. A hand cracked her across the cheek causing her head to bounce into the pillow. Already she could feel the warmth of blood well to the surface of her cheeks where he had just struck her.

"I will not have that tone from you." He said calmly. He made no other movements towards or away from her. "I will tell you when you are allowed to ask a question. Clear enough?"

"Yes." She replied, defiance and hate still in her voice, but it was dimmed. Some how that blow had struck to the core of her will. She started to think about it but was interrupted as hot wax splattered down unto her naked breasts, first the left then the right. The wax dripped down her breasts in all directions and she squealed in both pain and pleasure when the droplets of molten wax cam in contact with her nipples. Instantly they hardened against the will of her mind, obeying only the body.

"To answer your question," he stated while continuing the torture with the wax, "I did not command the dragon. I am the dragon."

Katsumi found herself unable to reply. She found herself becoming lost in the pleasure of pain being induced on her sensitive nipples. Her gasps and hisses of protests turned to moans of excitement. But as quickly as it had come the wax stopped. She sighed in both relief and protest.

"You may now ask questions." The man above her stated flatly. She still could no bring herself to believe that this perfect figure of a man sitting only inch from her was really the dragon that had induced so much terror on her village.

"Y-you're the d-dr-dragon?" She struggled with the words as the pleasure that was now starting to past, was clouding her thoughts.

"Indeed." He answered.

"What did you do to my Village?" Her mind became clear now. She worried about the safety of her people.

"Shhh, Fine. They're all fine. I didn't harm any of them." His reassurance was actually quite calming. "Any more questions?"

"Just one." She replied. "Am I your prisoner?" She asked with wonder, not hatred.

"That is a topic for another time. For now, pleasure, the likes of which you have never known." The dragon in human form replied to her.

His hand traced up her smooth skin from her stomach to her tit, where the wax sat, a hardened milky shell over her nipple. Slowly, he peeled at the wax to till was none left. He lowered his head down to her now naked breast and flicked at the nipple with his forked tongue. Katsumi could only moan in pleasure as she felt his hand drift to her other nipple and peel the wax from it as well. When it too was naked, he shifted his forked tongue to it.

After his ministrations both her nipple stood out from herm, like little thimbles of flesh. The dragon once again opening his mouth and his forked tongue came out. It reached for her nipple then wrapped around it and snaked to the other one. As it traveled his tongue tweaked the nipple it was already wrapped around so that Katsumi could only arch her back toward the pleasure and gasp for air. The dragon's tongue finally reached its target and wrapped around that one too. He started moving his tongue in and out, wetting both nipples with the juice off his tongue. Katsumi's breathing become ragged and labored. She gasped and tried to reach out to pull his head to her, but the chains held her back.

Her cunt was becoming so damp that fluid was dripping onto the silk linens. She squeezed her eyes shut feeling a tidal wave approaching, reaching from her nipples down to her cunt, but the tongue that was giving her such pleasure withdrew. She moaned her disappointment.

"Patience. I will allow you your release soon enough." He told her and kissed her. She returned the kiss as passionately as she could. Screw her oath to chastity, screw decency, all she knew was she wanted more of the pleasure this Dragon-Man could give. 


He lifted his head and smiled tracing a finger down her abdomen to her waist. Again and again he traced her waistline but never going any lower. Katsumi could feel the heat growing in her pussy and she knew that he could smell her arousal in the air. Even she could smell her musky sweet scent that flowed from her as freely as the blood in her veins. Then he did it. So swiftly she didn't even know what he did till she felt it. Two tender fingers rubbing up and down the slit of her cunt. She could feel them wetting themselves on her juices. Her back arched with pleasure trying to get the fingers to enter her, but they stayed, just rubbing within the lips of her cunt, yet not entering her. This was sheer torture! She didn't know how much more she could stand before she screamed out in frustration.

The dragon-man simply looked at her and smiled. He stood and brought his wet fingers to her mouth. He was about to tell her what to do but she had beaten him to it, eagerly sucking on the digits of flesh that a moment before had been enclosed in her cunt. He stood and moved lower on the bed. When he took his fingers away from her mouth, she opened her eyes and there he was on top of her. His touch was so light that she didn't even feel him. His weight grew as he lay on top of her and she loved the feeling of her large tits being mashed against his chest.

He looked down upon his prize and when he saw the look in her eyes he knew she was his. He only had to take her over the edge to where her priesthood wouldn't dare let her go. He knew she would never want him to leave her; she would be addicted to him once this was complete.

Katsumi looked up into the burning bright eyes of the dragon-man and she once again became entranced. She could feel something large pressing at the lips of her cunt, and then pressing them apart. She knew it was his cock pressing into her. Its size stretched her virgin cunt to its limit and her moans only became louder. She was being filled to the brink. Never before had she felt so complete and so whole. The only way to describe it was that she felt full. Then she felt it. His cock had reached her maidenhead. She bit down on her own teeth and clenched her fists waiting for the pain she had heard of, but it never came. His cock was still filling her and had broken her virginity, but she hadn't even felt it. Maybe it was the sheer pleasure she was feeling or maybe it was just nothing next to the pain that ached for her to be filled completely, whatever it was she didn't care.

Katsumi let out a long, low moan as the dragon-man's cock kept going within her. It seemed to have no end. It just kept filling her with inch after in of hot pleasure until it bottomed out at the depths of her woman hood. She let out a shrill scream of pleasure. His cock had reached so deep that it actually touched her womb. She had never before felt anything like it. She didn't care what happened she just wanted to feel full forever. But his cock started to retreat out of her and she let out a moan of disappointment, but then she scream a shrill of excitement as it filled her again.

He looked down at the writhing woman under him. Never once had she broken contact with his eyes as she shrieked her pleasure out to him. Faster and faster within her he moved. And he probed every inch of her depths. His burning blue eyes only burned brighter as his passion increased along with her moans of pleasure. All to soon her body was shuddering beneath him in the throes of a tidal wave of orgasmic fury. He cared not. He kept pounding into her faster and faster. His hips were a blur as his cock retreated and then was swallowed again and again by her gushing cunt. This was the best fuck he had in a millennia and he had no intention of letting it end now.

Katsumi squirmed and writhed below him. The passion building within her. She was soaring on a cloud of pleasure that seemed to have no end. When she thought it was receding and that she was coming down another more powerful orgasm would hoist her back up into her flight of passion. She stopped moving within her, allowing her to come down a bit. She moaned the disappointment as his cock retreated again, nearly all the way but she screamed out on final time before her voice failed her. His cock started pulsing within her and then she felt him explode his seed within her. This new sensation sent her soaring again. She screamed and fought her bonds to try and pull him in deeper to her. Her most powerful orgasm yet shook through her entire body and she bucked and spasmed so much beneath him that the dragon though he would come out of her. He fell on top of her resting a moment and she went limp, loving the afterglow of her pleasure.

"You are mine now. You are mine to do with as I please at any time. You are my slave, The slave of a dragon." He whispered in her ear. His words carried a harsh truth that she knew she could not deny. He had so much more pleasure to give. She knew this and she also knew that she now belonged here. She looked up into the burning sapphire eyes and replied a very simple statement.

"Yes Master."

* * * * *

If you liked this story please vote on it and e-mail me your thoughts and comments. Even if your hated it, e-mail me anyways. Your comments are always appreciated as well as your votes. Thank you for reading.