 Sugar jiggled and shook with pleasure as the will of the wizardess poured into her like nice, warm, ooey-gooey syrup. She tried very hard not to moan again. Mistress didn't want her to moan again. But gods, it felt so goooood... had to... had to stay quiet... for Mistress...

No. Not Mistress. Sugar corrected herself dazedly. Limini. Limini wasn't their Mistress, she was a wizardess who had come to the bog to capture them, probably to sell somewhere to a slime girl enthusiast. A wizardess who seemed to quite like watching their breasts. A very pretty wizardess with a fun cowgirl hat who had underestimated them. A yummy girl with pretty blue eyes and lots of soft, smooth skin to caress, to pleasure, to overwhelm her mind with.

A yummy treat who they were going to have some fun with. A yummy... yummy treat...

Sugar stared with quivering adoration at Mistress's plump lips, her ample, generous bosom. Every inch of her lovely tanned skin yearned to be suckled and kissed, Sugar just knew it. But Sugar had to... to stay still. To be a good girl.

She had let Mistress take her hand. And Mistress had flooded her with magic like an empty, pink vessel. Wonderful, wonderful magic that made Sugar feel soft and wet in a... different way from normal.

She bit her lip and barely held in another miserable whine. The pulses of obedience faded each time, but each time they returned stronger than ever, reminding her of her place. It wasn't fair. Limini's lips clearly longed to be kissed. Limini's massive tits clearly needed to be covered with nice, sucking slime girls' writhing bodies... and Limini's horny slime girl pet clearly lusted to make this wizardess squeal for mercy.

But Mistress wanted her to stay very still. She had to be a good pet, and good pets, as the pulses of energy reminded her, stayed nice and still and quiet. Her body obeyed Mistress. Her mind was still confused, but she knew happily that Mistress would fix it soon enough.

No! No no no. Sugar whined silently, pulling Mis—Limini's hand to her chest as she clutched at it with both hands. Limini stiffened slightly, then relaxed.

Despite her plight, Sugar giggled. Limini was suuuuuch a breast girl. Lucky for her she'd found the slime girls, 'cause theirs were just about the biggest of all! Sugar used her free hand to bounce her breasts slightly, squeeze them, caress them.

Mistress seemed to be trying to ignore her, but this drew her gaze like a flame drew moths. She looked at Sugar, and her eyes slipped almost instantly to Sugar's tits, and stayed there as if glued. Sugar almost cried out in blissful pride at her look of wonder. Sugar instead pouted seductively and bounced slightly in place.

Mistress's eyes seemed to widen.

Oh. Oh, she was so, so dumb for tits. Sugar was melting. She loved how weak Limini was, but just seeing her like that was making her horny, and—and she couldn't—

It was too much. The pleasure and obedience flowing into her—too much, too much. Sugar's whole body was thrumming with energy, and she only barely held in a long moan as Mistress's will continued to pour in.

Desperately, barely even thinking, Sugar grasped the hand of pretty emerald-green Slippi and squeezed it for support.

Slippi had been bouncing her breasts with particular eagerness, occasionally planting big, sloppy kisses and licks on them to attract Limini's entranced attention. Slippi was especially fortunately-endowed, and while slime dryads followed something like a "jello to goop" spectrum, Slippi was definitely on the 'firm and jiggly' side of it. Only Lushi was a little bit larger. Sugar and Slippi tended to get along well, and though Sugar wasn't sure why she reached for her, perhaps it was a tiny spark of resistance guiding her to seek a friend's support.

But the second her slime contacted Slippi's, she sensed Slippi go as stiff as a wobbly board. And she felt something wonderful as the pleasure and overwhelming compulsion for obedience—like a river with a lifting dam—began flowing out of her and through into Slippi.

Sugar quivered with relief. The mind control was still flowing into her, but now that she was dispersing it between herself and sweet, wide-eyed Slippi, it was no longer making her brain short out.

Now she could focus on being a good girl for Mistress. And the waves of praise filling her told her that so far she was being a very, very good girl.

A docile, happy smile slipped across her lips. She ran one finger over Slippi's shaking hand, trying without words to encourage her along.

She couldn't wait for Mistress to give them permission to moan. She had a lot to say right now.

~ ~ ~ ~

Lushi giggled and pouted. "Bounce, bounce, bounce?" she asked, holding her breasts at the ready.

"Nn." Limini stared at her breasts, blinking rapidly. The cute human woman was practically drooling. "Um. Yeah."

She blinked again as behind her, a blue slime girl took away her hat with a little titter and put it on her own head. The slime girl clapped her hands excitedly, her hands making wet sounds each time.

"Bouncy-bouncy-bouncy?" Lushi beamed indulgently, leaning closer.

"Mm. Bouncy." Limini's eyelids fluttered. "B-B-Bouncy."

Lushi grinned and obliged, bouncing her breasts together with a coo of glee. Limini's head bobbed slightly, her lips just slightly parted.

"You loooove my boobies," she purred. She tilted her head, smiling down at Limini. "Don't you?"

"Mm..." The cowgirl swallowed and blinked. "They're... nice..."

Lushi loved it when they blinked like that. They looked so sleepy and confused—and it never helped to blink. If they were weak-willed enough to make it this far, they didn't need to stare uninterrupted. It was enough to hear the lewd sounds and to watch her jiggle.

"My boobies are soooo nice," Lushi sang. "Soooo in control."

"I..." Limini's eyes fluttered. Lushi knew she was trying to focus, to keep channeling her magic into the three slime girls she thought she'd captivated. Silly girl. It didn't matter if a slime girl was obeying you—if you were touching her, you were hers. Her hands had to be feeling so nice right now, nestled between their boobies like that. "I, um... I..."

Lushi made sure to give her breasts a nice, plentiful bounce every time Limini started to speak. She swayed back and forth, and Limini swayed helplessly along with her, whimpering. She didn't even know how lost she was.

Lushi loved it when they found playmates like this. So smart. So clever. Slime girls might not have been so smart, or so magical, but this clever, clever girl still couldn't beat boobs.

"Silly girls and boys," she murmured, spiraling a finger around her nipple, "get soooo lost in these boobies when they come out here. 'Cause they're nice." She mimicked Limini's dazed tone mockingly. "They get all silly and bubbly. Don't they?"

"I... guess..." Limini bit her lip. "But, um..."

"They just get lost," Lushi gushed, and the slime girls to the left and right of her echoed her words with giggles of their own. "So lost in our pretty, shiny, bouncy-bouncy-bouncy bodies..."

Limini frowned, or started to frown.

Aw. They couldn't be having that.

"Bouncy-bouncy-bouncy!" Lushi squealed, bouncing her whole body eagerly.

And as soon as Lushi's gravity-defying tits started to fly, Limini's frown lost its control, and her expression melted into blank bliss again. "Bouuuncyyy..."

She blinked rapidly, the frown returning. Finally, the wizard tried to turn away. But there was nowhere to turn, was there? Lushi saw that blissful look filtering back into her eyes as she looked around at her captors, admiring their beautiful chests despite her best efforts. The other slime girls cooed and jiggled enticingly, teasing her, trancing her. No matter where she turned, there was a pair of swaying tits for her eyes to settle on.

And like fish on a line, those pretty lost blue eyes were always drawn back to Lushi's body, newly out of focus.

"That's riiiiight," Lushi sang. "My boobies are so nice and sweet, aren't they, cutie?"

"Mm."

"Aren't you just lost in them?"

"Um." Limini's breaths matched the rhythm of Lushi's bounces. Lushi paused, and Limini's breath caught. Lushi resumed her bounces, but slower—Limini kept breathing, but slow, shallow breaths. "Lost. Lost in your... breasts..."

Lushi's wicked smile widened. "Oh, we don't call them that, silly girl," she whispered. "We're too silly to call them that, and only silly girls get to touch them!" She made this sound like the most difficult dilemma in the world. "And you wanna touch 'em, don't you?"

"Um." At the mere idea of touching them, a guarded look entered Limini's eyes. It quickly faded away, though, as Lushi let her stare into the jiggling tits. Lushi was patient. They still had an hour before nightfall. Limini was getting redder and redder as she got shorter on breath—and more turned on by her situation. It was adorable.

"Sweet girl?" prompted the hat-wearing slime girl with a grin.

"Silly sweet?" prompted a green slime girl next to her.

Limini stared helplessly into a perfect trap.

"Touch..." Limini slurred at last, eyes locked on Lushi's cleavage.

Lushi hummed in ecstasy. She tapped each breast, causing them to jiggle slightly on their own. "Wow. You wanna touch them?" She gave an exaggerated sigh. "Just like all those silly girls and boys that come here! You know you're just gonna get lost in them, silly girl!"

"Lost," sang the three other free slime girls. "Loooost."

It was so easy. Lushi watched Limini melting before their eyes deep-deep down into their ooey-gooey love. But Limini seemed too sleepy to even manage her reply, so Lushi helped her nod her head. Bounce-bounce. Nod-nod. "Good girl! Good, silly girl!"

Lushi clapped her hands in delight as Limini shivered, her lower lip quivering, a moan positively begging for its release. "Just like those silly girls," she said lightly, putting a finger to her lips quizzically. "Gosh, a silly, silly girl like you can only do one thing once she's looooost in these pretty bouncy treats." She beamed and batted big eyes at Limini.

Limini's eyes drifted shut. This was probably to shut out Lushi's pretty bounces—to clear her head, to let her try to fully understand what was happening.

But they were having none of it! Giggling, the four free slime girls started cooing and teasing, moaning, kissing their breasts and sucking their fingers, leaning in from all directions to immerse Limini in lewd sounds.

Limini's expression screwed up in tormented desire. Her fingers, Lushi noticed with delight, were trembling, caught within their slick, kissing prisons. She writhed helplessly, whimpering, as the seductive, sexual whispers and wet, sloppy kissy-noises filled her head. There was no escape. Lushi watched her struggle with liquid pleasure, savoring that growing look of helplessness on her pretty face.

"Bounce, bounce, bounce," Lushi said, cupping her breasts right at Limini's eye level. She waited a moment, grinning as she saw Limini's lips almost mouthing the words. "Bounce, bounce, bounce!" she repeated. Limini gave a soft moan, squirming pathetically.

Lushi leaned in close to deliver the coup de gras in sultry, silly singsong. Her lips almost grazed Limini's ear as she cooed, "Bounce... bounce..." She pulled back and noisily caressed her slick breasts, raising them to her lips. "... bounce"!

"Bounce..." Limini mumbled, as her eyes slowly opened. She stared in wonder as Lushi calmly let the tits fall. And bounce. "B-Bounce..." Her voice was very small.

Lushi shook her head sadly. "Oh, Limini, are you lost?" She spoke as if so somebody very foolish, very unaware—a beloved pet, a brainless bimbo. Limini swayed as Lushi bounced. "Are you lost, silly girl?"

"Nn... no, I can..." Limini swallowed and licked her lips, swaying as gentle as a breeze. "I can... I'm not..."

"Are you lost, Limini?" the blue slime girl behind her chimed, still playing with her new hat. "Are you lost in those boobies?"

"They're so pretty," a green slime girl breathed, still bouncing her own together. "And Lushi has such pretty green mammas." She smiled flirtatiously at Lushi, and Lushi suppressed a laugh. Everyone knew she had the biggest in the whole bog. 

Limini's lips parted at that word.

Lushi's grin widened. "And we like them, don't we?" she asked, leaning closer, giving Limini a nice view. She tapped her breast, letting it ripple. "Are we looost in them?"

The word almost oozed from Limini's quivering lips, a moan, a sigh. "Lost..."

Lushi licked her lips. "And what does a loooost silly girl wanna do when she gets loooost in my pretty titties?" She bounced her breasts together. "When every jiggle and wriggle—" She swayed her body, and Limini slowly swayed after, "—gets her so silly and dumb for my mammas..."

"T-Touch," Limini whimpered. She licked her lips. "Please, Mommy..."

Lushi shivered with pleasure. She'd never met the Ward's holstaur, but silly Senya and cute Kitten, while playing with them, often slipped into mommytalk. It wasn't usually a slime girl's thing, exactly, but locking eyes with the others, she knew that they all were positively molten for a good boy or girl who gave in so completely. And wherever Limini was from, it seemed she had a holstaur of her own who'd played with her.

And nobody gave in easier to a pair of breasts than a holstaur's ex-playmate.

"Touch what, sweetie?" the hatted slime girl cooed.

"Touch whats, baby?" whispered a green slime girl.

"Do you wanna touch something?" a blue girl moaned.

Limini stared at Lushi. Lushi just smiled and waited for her to give in.

"Touch... breasts..." Limini slurred. "She needs to... t-touch..."

"Aww." Lushi sighed happily. She leaned very, very close, letting her whole body quiver and ripple, drawing Limini's eyes helplessly. "That's so sweet! And you can get super sweeter, baby." She put a finger to her lips in great thought. "But... what does a silly girl call them?"

Silence in the bog. Silence except for the slippery sounds of slime girls touching themselves, caressing Limini's captive hands.

Limini whimpered something.

"What was that?" the green girl asked, her tone the very essence of innocence. She smirked at Lushi. "What'd she say?"

"Boobies," Limini mumbled, the words slipping from her quivering lips. "Silly girls... touch... boobies..."

The slime girls were bouncing again, now not in hypnotic tandem but in bubbling excitement. Lushi could resist the urge to play just a little bit more, though, before she finished silly Limini off. "What was that?" she cooed, reaching down and caressing Limini's chin gently, pulling her with sucking fingertips towards Lushi's very pert, dark nipples. She made her voice as girlish and sugary as a Thriae in cupid-love. "Speak up for Mommy, now. Mommy wants to hear it."

Lushi felt pure, unbearable pleasure running through her mind as Limini visibly struggled, practically panting. She couldn't believe how good it felt to hold Limini like this, totally helpless, totally hers, totally entranced by her pretty, pretty nipples. She quivered with lust as she pulled Limini, still struggling, to her tit.

"Touch me, please," she whimpered. "please please please—"

Wait, what? The other slime girls were staring at her in alarm and confusion.

Lushi's eyes drifted over to Limini's chin.

To her fingertips.

To a faint pink glow.

And she felt the ecstasy overtake her, and let her mind go blissfully blank, as Limini smiled up at her. "Soon, darlin'," she purred, and gave Lushi's nipple a long lick. Lushi squealed softly in pleasure. "Be a patient thing, though. Patient li'l sugardrop, alright?"

Lushi trembled and shook. "Y-Yes, Mistress," she heard herself gasp.

The wizardess turned away, and Lushi felt her fingers slip down Limini's skin—so soft, so smooth, feels so good to touch Mistress—to settle on her knee, as submissive and docile as an adoring pet. She held her hand there, biting her lip, and awaited her next command.

~ ~ ~ ~

Limini was back in control. Limini had never left. She smiled at the remaining three, who looked momentarily off-kilter as what was clearly the most skilled seductress of their lot (not a hypnotist, Limini had not been hypnotized, you had to be weak or willing to get hypnotized by slime girls to get hypnotized by slime girls and Limini had just been distracted) oozed under Limini's control with a helpless moan.

They definitely all knew now just what her touch did, of course, and were steering clear. The one who had taken her hat flowed to the front to face her.

The three slime girls remaining—one green, one blue, and one blue and wearing a pretty hat—smiled at her, but they were clearly less confident now. Their titties didn't bounce quite so eagerly. They caressed and squeezed their assets more slowly, in fact, as if scared to attract her attention with any sudden movements.

Limini smirked and enjoyed the show. "It's cute, y'know," she said with a wink at the hat thief.

Hat Slime's hands quivered slightly as she slowly pressed her boobies together, then let them fall. Squish. Squish. "You're... you can't look away," she breathed. She sounded very nervous. And very turned on. Limini's favorite combination.

Limini just smirked, and pointedly looked away. She heard Hat Slime let out a distressed moan as she instead admired the blue slime's assets. The blue slime dryad squeezed her breasts, then gave them a quick bounce together, pouting very plump lips. Squeeze and bounce. Squish and jiggle. Squish and jiggle.

"Sorry, darlin'." Limini turned back to Hat Slime, sending another rush of lust and obedience into her four captives. She was allowing them to make noises now. Lots of noises—no need to be subtle now. Cute little moans and whimpers to keep the remaining three nervous, but so, so horny. Soon, they knew, they would be making those sounds for Limini, too. And wouldn't that feel nice? Lushi, Slippi, Sleek and Sugar looked so very happy right now. "You're very cute, an' I won't deny that you'd make a sweet treat. You're all real pretty. Pretty as meadowfoam, y'all."

She filled her words with power as she let them flood out into the open air—just a little spell to enhance the power of her compliments. The slime girls were flushing deeper shades of green, pink and blue—whether they were already in her power or not. How nice to get such a nice compliment, they would be thinking, unable to help blushing like bashful fools talking to a crush. A compliment from such a nice lady.

"Um, thanks?" the hat slime stammered, pulling the cowgirl hat down so the top of her head seeped through the top of the hat a little, covering her blushing cheeks. Her breasts, released from her half-hearted touches, bounced and jiggled, themselves flushed a deep cobalt blue. "I-I—you're pretty, too! I'm not pretty at all, though, really."

Limini smirked. "Aw, you're as cute as a button, sugar!"

Hat Slime released her hat, biting her lip, and ran her heads sadly over her tits. "I mean... cute, maybe." She sighed. "But compared to Lushi... I mean, they're nothing special. 'Cute'. Slime girls aren't s'posed to be cute!" She stared up at Limini miserably, cupping her tits in her hands. "We're s'posed to be sexy, bouncy goddesses! I mean, even your boobies are big and soft and perfect, and you're just a human!"
