 Author's Note: This was based off a sex dream I had the other night. 

***********

I'm your typical 27 year old woman who has those crazy sex dreams. Everyone has those erotic dreams. I've had a few but none compare to the one I had about an angel. I had just broken up with my boyfriend of 2 years. He was cheating me for 3 months and I found out in the worst way: in the act. I wasn't as broken up about it as I probably should have been. 

The truth is that the spark of passion had been missing in our relationship for some time. We were at that point where we were more like roommates instead of lovers. I hadn't felt sexual in 6 months. I didn't know what it was. 

I drowned my sorrows in cookie dough ice-cream and watched "Supernatural". I'm not a girl who likes Rom-Coms. Always thought they were shallow and stereotypical. You could predict every ending. Where's the fun in that? 

I was wearing my Victoria Secret night shirt, hugging my favorite pillow watching Dean beheading some monster when I must have fallen asleep. What happened next still gets my panties a little damp just thinking about...

***

I woke up tied to the bed post. My hands and wrists were bound by some golden rope though my legs were free. I was wearing nothing but my underwear and black stockings. I was still in my bedroom but the windows on the terrace were wide open, the night air blowing into the room and the moon light streaming through. The cool autumn breeze made my nipples pucker.

I was confused. This must be a dream but it doesn't feel like that entirely. Then I heard the flapping of wings from outside. A night owl taking it's midnight flight I thought but then a shadow cast in the moonlight, a large shadow. 

Out on the terrace I saw the figure of a man with wings. An angel? But he wasn't like the angels I grew up with. Nothing like those Precious Moments figurines my Catholic Aunt likes to collect. He seemed more formidable, dangerous even. What did the Bible say? Angels were instruments of God's Wrath? Delivering divine salvation or retribution? 

This angel was of a strong build. The angel's skin was flawless, hairless, exquisite in its perfection. He regarded me with me with rich gold eyes that made me catch my breath with their intensity. He had big black wings making him look even more intimidating. I was petrified as he approached me. I marveled as I watched his wings retracted into his body.

The corner of the angel's mouth curved upward slightly as he peered down at me. I struggled against the golden ropes that bound me but the angel only chuckled, bemused by my terror. 

He touched me. His hand was like a brand on my skin as he stroked my arm then walked down, dragging his hot hand along my body, surveying the landscape of my fair skin leaving a trail of heat blooming in his wake. 

I was stunned when I realized where he was headed. The angel smiled as he parted my legs. I didn't protest. My voice had died in my throat or I just lost my voice. I didn't struggle anymore either. The angel locked eyes with me as he slowly rubbed my pussy. The heat of his palm felt so good it were as if he was pouring heat into me.

I sighed as I felt his lips imprinting on my thigh. I could feel myself getting moist with excitement. The angel teased me a while longer getting me wetter and hotter. His tongue traced along my inner thigh avoiding the one place I wanted his mouth to go. 

I finally found my voice but it came out in whimpers. I bucked my hips signaling for the angel to satisfy me. His golden eyes glittered with mischief as he took hold of the elastic of my now soaked panties and slowly pulled them off. 

The angel's muscles gleamed in the moonlight like the dream this all was. Finally he settled himself between my thighs, inhaling the musk of my arousal as if it were some flower in a bouquet. Once his tongue touched my folds I was lost. My muscles tingled as hot sensations pulsed through me, making my limbs feel like water. 

The angel took his time kissing my pussy softly, sensuous as if he was kissing my mouth. His tongue parted my folds and began massaging my inner labia. My clit throbbed as I felt his nose rub against it. I was in heaven when he kissed it. I groaned and bucked my hips, fucking his face as he buried it in my forbidden paradise. I could feel myself approaching my orgasm as he gently switched from sucking to licking my pink pearl of pleasure. 

The ropes were digging into my skin as I writhed in rapture. I squeezed the angel's head between my thighs as my orgasm rippled through my body like an earthquake. My mouth formed an "O" as the sensation surged though me.

Just when I thought he was done, the angel gently lapped at my folds, licking me clean. I watched as my love nectar dripped from his cleft chin. He smiled wickedly at me and I still couldn't find the words to speak. He gently massaged my pussy while nuzzling against my thigh, planting sensuous kisses through the nylon that made me dizzy. 

What I love best about being a woman is our ability to have multiple orgasms. I was still a wreck from the first orgasm but the angel wasn't done with me. His fingers stroked me, sending me into shivers of ecstasy again. I bit my bottom lip I was so turned on. 

With his thumbs he parted my pussy lips, giving me one long lick, flicking his tongue at my pulsing clit. His thumb then sank into my wetness. I groaned, "Oh God..."

The angel chuckled but said nothing. He pulled out his thumb then inserted a finger. He slowly worked his finger inside me sending off a blind heat in me. The combination of the rough gold ropes and the angel's fingering I was in a state of constant pain and pleasure. 

I could feel the sweat rolling down my neck as the angel inserted a second finger and began raking the inside of my vaginal canal deep and slow. He had magic fingers. The angel wrapped a strong arm around my one thigh to keep my from thrashing around. His other thumb rubbed my clit sending waves of euphoria though my veins. 

I felt like I was floating when he placed his mouth on my clit while still working his two fingers inside my hot tender flesh. His tongue circled my drenched bud and I cried out. He increased speed as he fired off a series of short licks and sucks on my throbbing rose bud. 

I rested my foot on his back, feeling his muscles twitch as I ran my foot along his back to land on his perfect ass. My toes curled and my back arched once he hit that g-spot. The sensation sizzled through every part of me. I practically sang as my body thrummed satisfied. 

I was so drunk on ecstasy I barely noticed him climbing up my body. Then I felt his lips on my navel. His tongue tickled my belly button as he traveled up to meet my breasts. I have a pretty good wrack. My ex-boyfriend still would get a hard on when he saw them. I assumed he just imagined another woman's face as he plowed me. 

The angel kissed my breast. My already hard nipples tightened further. His thumb rasped against my hardened nub making moans spill from my mouth. I was heaven bound as I felt him roll my nipple between his teeth. I could feel his maleness press against my quivering sopping sex. I shivered with delight at the thought of him inside me. 

The angel took his time with my breasts, sucking, kissing, and biting them, making them his. The ropes burned into my flesh I was sure they would leave bruises but I didn't care. It was a dream anyway. He anchored his mouth on my neck as he heaved my thigh higher, rolling his hips into me so I could feel his rock hard shaft throbbing against me. It felt massive in its girth. 

Then the angel traced his thumb along my lips. I sucked on his thumb tasting my juices on it. I could feel his molten shaft ready to invade me. If my hands were free I would have guided him in myself. 

I wanted the angel to kiss me but he didn't. His golden eyes burned into me as I felt the head of his cock part my folds. He rose up, running his hands along my spread thighs, teasing his long, thick stalk along my pussy lips that ached for him. I whimpered, begging for him to fuck me. A part of me was afraid that he would rip me in half with his might sword of pulsing flesh but the other half wanted it. 

The angel smiled evilly then he held my gaze as he entered me slowly. I gasped as I felt the girth of him stretch my tight pussy. He sighed as he pushed further in. My abdomen clenched, the pain of his massive cock ripping me in half made me cry. It wasn't just his girth. His cock was like a firebrand inside my vagina. 

He pulled back then plunged deeper. The angel repeated this action several times before the pain melted into pleasure. His hugeness seemed to stretch and devour me. He sighed blissfully as he pushed further into my hot wet depths. The angel filled me up like no one ever could. I moaned as he filled me with his deep steady strokes.

He began to move faster inside me making my breasts bounce with each savage thrust. Soon I met his driving rhythm beat for beat as his massive erection hurt so good. The ropes burned my skin as I writhed beneath the angel. His black wings unfurled as he thrusted into me, grunting like a beast.

I was suddenly screaming for him to cum inside me, to shoot his angel seed deep inside my womb. I wished my hands were free so I could rub my aching clit but the angel did that for me. His thumb rubbed my throbbing rose bud as I approached my climax. With one final thrust his pulsing cock gushed into me. He growled with pleasure as I felt him shudder, his dark wings fluttering like any muscle. 

My body trembled as I felt a white-hot heat blind me. I had a head rush, becoming blind for a few seconds. My skin was glazed in sweat. Some of the angel's sweat dropped on me as he collapsed on top of me. Our mouths were tantalizingly close together. I wanted desperately for him to kiss me but only smiled his enigmatic smile, his eyes like liquid gold bright with satisfaction. 

I felt him pull out of me. I felt hollow inside without him to fill me up. I was still tied up though even if I wasn't I wouldn't have been able to go after him. My limbs had turned to water I could barely move. The angel smiled at me as he spread his wings then flew out the window into the night. 

I passed out feeling light headed...

***

I woke up the next morning in my room but I wasn't tied up. It was then I remembered it was a freaky dream but then my wrists began to hurt and I felt wet between the sheets. My panties were soaked with my cum. Did I masturbate last night? 

I looked at my wrists to see red marks from... ropes? The wind blew into my room and what landed on my bed I couldn't believe. My mouth went dry as I saw a long black feather resting at my feet. It could have been from a crow or a raven but something in the back of my mind wouldn't accept that. 

Was I visited by an angel? Maybe. Do I want him to come back? Of course! Maybe if I pray really hard he'll come back...

******************