 When Katsumi awakened from her sleep of pleasure and after dreams of her new master, she found that he was not at her bedside. She stretched to relieve some of the kinks and pain in her muscles that came with sleep on such a soft bed. When she stretched she also noticed that her arms were no longer bound by the chains that now hung freely from the wall. Her legs were also free from the spreader that now lay, discarded, on the floor.

She arose and began to wonder what had become of her master. Why had he left her to her own devices? How would he know if she tried to escape right now? Though she had no desire to escape from the pleasure that her master chose the offer to her, the question still stuck out within her mind. She was still naked and the silk sheets had just barley begun to dry from the sweat and fluids of their union the night before. She slid her legs over the silk and gently touched her bare feet to the frozen floor of stone. She clutched her chest underneath her breasts and shivered at the cold as she stood up. The shivers caused her nipples to harden against the will of her mind. But no matter, it would only serve to please her master.

She wandered outside her room and plucked a torch from the wall. She held its warmth close to her naked body as the cool air toyed with her tingling skin. With light, quick steps she moved over the cold floor traversing the caverns that branched out from the long hallway. But, much to her disappointment, she only found darkness in each room. She became more and more frantic with her searching for her master. She felt compelled to find him. Almost as if she needed him now. Yes that’s what it was. She needed him.

Her search eventually led her to the chamber where a massive, oil black dragon lay, slumbering. Both his size and the grumble of his sleep certainly made him an imposing sight, but she knew, she had found him. Her master. She wondered why he had left her to be here. She looked at the massive figure before her and realized what a dumb question that really was. He had to be 15 feet tall while laying down and his neck wrapped a quarter across his 40 foot long body. His tail was coiled around his entire body twice. The rise and fall of the size of his chest had to be a 2-3 foot change in size and his wing were folded up into little 5 foot wide folds that flowed, like a second skin along his back, all the way down to the base of his tail. There was no way he could ever fit into the room that she was originally in. His sheer size would crush her in that tiny room that was obviously made for humans or his human form.

Katsumi moved towards the massive, black dragon and slid over the cold softness of the scales on his neck, down into the loop that he had made by wrapping his head around toward his body. She fell to the ground and rubbed her naked shoulder and back up against his soft scales. The cold of his scaled made goose bumps break out all over her body. Se wrapped her arms around herself and shivered for a second before she felt the scales move beneath her. She looked at the head that was at her feet, but it was now staring back at her. This look induced fear into her very core. The last time she saw him look at her like she, she woke up naked and in bonds.

“What are you doing?” The massive dragon before her asked in the same icy yet eloquent voice that the human figure that had taken her earlier had used.

“I sought you out my master, but I did not wish to wake you.” She said meekly as she rubbed her skin against his soft scales. They felt finer then the silk that she had slept on, but in an instant that changed when the scales jabbed into his skin and drew blood the flowed down her back. The pain was not painful at all. She found a form of pleasure in the way the heat rolled down her back in trails of crimson.

She then opened her eyes without ever realizing that she had closed them and once again, that cold black dragonhead with those eyes that go on forever. Gods she loved those eyes. She fell into her trance staring into his eyes again. She was snapped out by long forked tongue trailing down over her body. Wherever his tongue went, it left a trail of ice on her skin. Her back arched into his tongue, pressing her large tits into it. She wished them to be pleasured by the miraculous tongue. She wasn’t disappointed for to long.

The dragon saw her arch her back and smiled swirling his freezing tongue around ever closer to her nipples, but never quite getting there. When he did, he attacked them with frenzy. He flicked, tweaked, bit, and tease her nipples until they were raw with pleasure. His new slave was twisting and writhing in his arms, a victim to he pleasures. She was wholly dependant on him now. She would never be able to reach these heights with any human, or on her own. She was truly his.

Katsumi was moaning and squealing in pleasure as the pleasure shooting through her nipples sent shocks down into her flowing cunt. She loved every second of this treatment. But as all good things do, this came to an end when the dragon pulled his tongue away from her and back into his mouth. She felt herself falling back as the support of his neck left and he shrank into that wonderfully handsome man from last night. She sighed her disappointment, but it was short lived when a hand came crashing down across her face, sending her sprawling on the floor.

“Do not use that tone of disappointment before me, Slave! I give you pleasure only because it appeases me to do so!” The man growled at her and then picked her up off the floor. “Understand, Slave?” He asked in the most demanding voice he could muster, and the look of fear and the trembling head nod told him what he wanted to know. He knew that she was completely broken now. It was now time for his pleasure.

“Into the bedroom.” Katsumi heard him command, and she lowered her head, and moved to obey. He was behind her every step of the way, every once in awhile her would stop her and grope her ass, or squeeze a tit, but her favorite was when he would rub her pussy to make sure she was still wet. Soon they arrived in the bedroom and he flung her effortlessly on the silk bed.

The dragon smiled at his prize and pounced one her. Her spread her legs and lined up his cock, rubbing it up and down her dripping little hole. “Beg slave! Beg for your master’s cock!” He grinned and looked at her beautiful little body. Oh yes she would beg, and it would be sweet, until he gave it to her.

“Oh please, please, master. Please let me feel it. Let me pleasure it! Let me make it spurt inside me!” She screamed it out as loud as he could. She needed it. She could feel it right there, but it wasn’t filling her. It wasn’t stretching her. It wasn’t in her, but she could feel it right there. She had to have it and begged and pleaded for all she was worth. Then she felt his grip on her tighten and he rammed his massive dragon cock deep into her.

“OOOOOHHHH YESSSS!!!!” She moaned and hissed as the waves of pleasure swarming over her body. She was already so close, and he had only just put it in. She felt her orgasm coming to her already. When he started pounding her, he did so without any care for her. What came next was nothing short of one of the Seven Wonders of the World, as she exploded. Her cunt shook and creamed so much that he had to stop pounding her so that she would squeeze his cock right off.

The dragon smiled as her orgasm died down, and he hoped that she was ready for more, because he was far from over. He gripped her hips again and started pounding his massive cock into her now dripping cunt. With every thrust into her, more juice flowed down her legs. She screamed out more and more and more.

“Please master! Please! Fill me! Fill me with your cummm!!” She screams as her vision exploded into fireworks once again and this time there was no return. He cunt clamed down on his cock and she could feel it grow and spasm as it filled her to the brim. She shuddered as their orgasms died down and smiled peacefully to herself. Her master rolled onto his side looking very satisfied. She moved herself down him and licked his cock clean and then took her place next to him.

“Master?” She asked meekly.

“What is it slave?” He commanded.

“What is your name, Master?” She asked again, meekly.

“My name, is Latu, though you may only address me by Master.” He commanded once again.

“Yes, my master.” She replied drifting off into a orgasm induced sleep.

“Yes my pet, sleep well, for tomorrow, you meet the other Dragon Masters.” Latu grinned down at her and slept next to her.