 They had been fighting silver golems all day. It was hot around the mountain side near Chiconis, very hot. Drareswen sat down for a break as Icilowan ran on to the next monstrous golem. He snapped harshly to her as he ran by, "Get up you lazy biped!" Drareswen was tired, and worn out yet he still pushed at her. Her muscles were sore and her fingertips pained at the relentless casting. Yet she still arose to her feet and sprinted towards the way that Icilowan ran. 

Icilowan was a monster of a beast. Dark purple scales with rare blue highlights that would glow ever so brightly in the moonlight. His eyes were a fierce red along with his underside that wasn't far from enormous claws that could tear through just about anything if he desired to do so. He was a Lunus, the harshest of all dragon types. He had no love for bipeds or their foolish actions, yet for some reason this young elf found comfort in him. It wasn't because she feared him, although she knew he could take her life at any moment, but more of a bond. Even if both were of completely different races and alignments. She was a druid, an elf closest to nature. Her deep umbered hair as long, to her curvy waist, with only slight curls at the ends. Emerald green eyes with slight silver flecks looked up from her pale skin, only rosed at her cheeks. 

Spotting a large golem laying on its side from being defeated by the wrath of Icilowan, Drareswen quickly ran to it. Icilowan was digging up what ore he could from the beasts fallen body. She began to speak, wanting to explain how she didn't mean to fall behind, yet he quickly interrupted her, "I could have fallen. You weren't hear to heal me and help me out. If I wanted to do this by myself I wouldn't have forced you to come. " His fiery eyes glared at her from under his strong furrowed brow. Drareswen hesitated before speaking then humbly replied, "You didn't force me to come. I followed you like I always do." 

"You think that matters!?" he snapped.

"No it wouldn't to you, your always like this, you get mad for me needing to sit for a while. I am hundreds of times smaller then you yet you don't think about that." her words were timid and a bit shaky, she knew he would be angered at her snide reply.

His lip curled for a second as he was about to reply, his words obviously angry and ready to act as if he could have REALLY lost his life to a petty silver golem. "I don't need you here at all, you might as well lea--" his words stopped quickly as his eyes widened. Drareswen stood still wondering why he had stopped, her head hung down as if he were punishing her. Suddenly a huge silvery crescent blade of a hand smashed down with tremendous force on Drareswen's fragile body. Icilowan took charge by running fourth and charging into her to knock her out of the golems way. Her body tossed to the side like a small rabbit lay still as Icilowan's focus laid on the golem. Slowly she opened her eyes and saw what was going on, Icilowan was losing control of the battle. Before she had gotten there to his side, he had already battled without having time to regenerate his dragonic health. His wings were slashed buy the large blade and his lips dripped with a few droplets of blood. He wasn't going to make it unless she did something fast. Her hands beginning to bruise raised as fast as she could as she cast her life giving spell. Suddenly Icilowan was revived with health, his wings mended, his body restored. The golem didn't stand a chance. If fell quickly after Icilowan's fire crested its body, which now lay charred under his claw. 

Icilowan turned quickly to Drareswen. She was standing still, in slight amazement at how quickly he took the golem down. Her body wobbled a bit as she felt herself losing what little life she still had in her from the golems strong attack and then his knocking her out of the way. His muscles tightened as he walked towards her with an angry pace. She knew he was mad, but she didn't understand why. His claws raised up as his body hovered over her like a giant shadow falling over the land around her. He slammed down on her with all his weight, he had her pinned, and she couldn't breathe. "You think this is a game?!" He screamed out at her, her face getting red from lack of air, her mind still scrambling not understanding as she gasped out, "No..." "Then why are you never paying attention!? Why do you never keep up, why do you always get rude when I tell you to hurry?! Why do you wait to the last minute to cast your spells!??!" he berated her. Her eyes closed sleepily as she gave up.Her body, too tired, to sore, and in need of air, went limp. Icilowan didn't care, she deserved it and he knew she wasn't dead. Her breath was shallow but not gone as he got off of her and glared down at her. 

He inhaled deeply and bent down to her motionless body and snapped her up into his mouth, making sure not to hurt her any further he spread his wings and began to ascend into the sky. Flying swiftly through the pure clouds he thought of what he did, and wether he would admit it or not, he felt remorse. He knew she wasn't strong enough to trod the hunting with him, but he also knew that he had to push her hard if he would ever be able to claim her as a worthy hunting biped. He also knew that by harming her, he may have scared her. He has scared her before, with harsh words, and threats.. but he never came down on her so harshly as he did this day. Icilowan blinked slowly and snapped out of his day dreaming as he came upon a very familiar and welcoming area of land. It was his resting place. The place he could go to to relax, sleep, eat, or get away from things that didn't understand his Lunus ways. Icilowan didn't have a lair yet, but this was just as good to him,for the time being. 

He began to swoop in and out of the caverns of mountainous rocks, making sure not to let Drareswen sway or bounce about as she lay so listless in his jaws. His large wings almost touching parts of the mountains as the caverns would get narrower then widen out again. He knew this path by heart and could get there in a short amount of time if he weren't being so careful of the young elf. A few minutes after he entered the cavernous area he began to slow down and decent to a flattened ledge of rock, He landed on the brim of the rock, and slowly began to walk toward the wall that stood foggy in the clouds. A few yards from the edge lush grass was felt under his enormous weight, he was happy to feel something other then mountain again as he continued to walk towards the wall. A bit more green was visible as he crept through the foggy clouds, it was a few large trees that were rooted to the dirt and the edge of the rocks. They seemed to cling for dear life as they grew, knowing any sharp wind could blow one off tumbling to the distant ground far below. Finally the wall was visible, it was a huge wall of granite mountain that protruded up from horizontal slab of rock. Icilowan stepped to his left and lay Drareswen's body under a large ancient tree, in a place of grass, slightly worn down from the times he had laid there. The tree had been there for many many years, it was the only tree on the slab that wasn't on the edges and was probably the reason it was so big. Its roots burrowed into the grass and dirt and were the base foundation part on how the large slab of rock was able to stay in place for so long. Icilowan lay near Drareswen, not touching her but watching her, waiting for her to awaken, his mind drifting off into thoughts unspoken.

Hours crawled by as Icilowan sat there, unmoving, watching Drareswen's unconscious body slowly heal itself as an elf's body should, her chest rising slowly with every breath through her beaten and slightly torn armor. A few hits from a golem wouldn't even mar Icilowan, but Drareswen wasn't mature enough or prepared enough to take such blows. 

With one sharp inhale Drareswen snapped back to motion as her eyes opened quickly. She was still dazed a bit from what happened, the last thing she could remember was Icilowan killing a large golem, like always. Her beaten body was still sore, but would be able to hold its own now to speak. She sat there for a while trying hard to remember what made her black out. Icilowan nodded to her, acknowledging that she was awake and awaited to be scolded for hurting her, his neck tensed and the muscle protruded slightly. 

"Icilowan??" her words were quiet, she didn't know where she was and her vision was slightly blurred. 

"I'm right here.. " he was quiet but still had a snotty tone to his voice.

"Wh.. what happened?" she questioned him quietly as she slowly began to try and sit up.

"What? Let me guess, your fragile tiny brain can't even remember anything?" he quirked.

Her arms were weak still and couldn't hold herself up. Drareswen seemed to be hurt by the remark as she rolled over on her belly instead. She buried her face into the flattened grass. Icilowan knew he over stepped his boundaries again as he saw her body jerk slightly as if she were in the motion of crying. 

"Ok ok, I didn't mean it like that.. you honestly don't remember what happened??" he asked somewhat out of character as he actually showed a slight bit of concern.

"No..." she let the words linger on her tongue as she said it as if she were trying hard, still wracking her brain, "I don't.. I just.. " Her words stuttered out as she sniffed once. Her face still buried in the soft grass.

Icilowan didn't want to hurt her feelings or stress her anymore as she sat up a bit and reached over to her and picked her up in his large clawed hand. Drareswen was startled at the motion as she grasped for something to hold on to. Icilowan looked down at the little biped creature and smirked, it was almost as if a light had been turned on in his head. 

"Well.. after I killed that golem that attacked you.. the others must have heard the commotion, because before long there were five, no! Seven golems around us.. they took a swing at you but.. I got you out of the way in time.. unfortunately I think the sight of everything caused you to faint.. and well when you went down some of the rocks caught your fall. Needless to say the rocks pretty much iced the faint with a knocking out. "

Drareswen's jaw fell agape as she listened to Icilowan ramble on about how he battled seven silver golems all by himself with no heals. She knew that he could do two, but she wasn't sure of him actually battling seven golems! She wasn't sure what had happened though, maybe it was the truth, maybe he did save her. She felt her cheeks blush at the thought of Icilowan the mighty standing his ground to keep her from being hurt. She was willing to belive him, after all she couldn't remember and it would explain to her what happened. Icilowan continued to tell how fierce and fast the battle was as she listened, being comforted by the deeply bellowed words that were telling a story instead of yelling and snapping at her. 

"Well! Icilowan.. I never believed that you would go to those lengths for me.. * her words sounded bitter almost as she stopped suddenly and held her side. She was pained and her magic couldn't heal her wounds. It hurt her to breath and Icilowan saw that she was still in distress. He slowly put her back on the ground, being extremely gentle. He then pulled his scalepack open and began to dig around for something. His eyes seemed to be illuminated as he found it! He cringed a bit as he handed Drareswen a few leaves. 

"Eat those." he said quickly.

"What is it?" she asked him cautiously.

"Its very expensive.. its ambrosia.. it will heal you.. it will heal you so well that you will feel even better then you do normally." he lead on.

Drareswen took his word and slowly ate at the leaves, they were sweet and delicious to the taste, she could smell them from the moment he had taken them out of the pack, but wasn't sure what the smell was. This was the first time she had seen ambrosia let alone eaten it. They were far to expensive for her to buy by herself. She swallowed the leaves after letting her mouth soak up a bit of the delightful taste.

"I had always imagined those to taste horrid.. " she told Icilowan 

"They had better not.. that's quite a chunk of silver there you just ate!" He exclaimed with a smile.

After knowing that Icilowan had paid so much for the leaves, and put his life on the line to save her she felt a small knot in her stomach. The leaves were working hard and fast as she was already feeling better, but the knot was still there. She knew Icilowan put work into getting silver and gold, she didn't feel quite right at taking his courage and miracle leaves for free. She had already given almost everything she had for his hoard, and she only had 13 copper pieces to her name. All she had available was her armors, even though they were badly beaten, and her shield and her finely engraved weapon. She sat up and looked to Icilowan who was trying to straighten his bag back up from his digging through it. 

"Icilowan, how can I repay you for what you've done for me and given me today?" her voice seemed unsure as if she was even questioning herself out loud.

He turned to her with a grin and held out his greedy claw, "Anything you got, I'll gladly except."

"But.. I have given you just about everything I own.. " she sadly replied.

"Pshh, I see armor, weapons, and a few pieces of lovely jewelry I would hoard I thank you kindly!" he shot back.

"But.. I've only got beginning armor other then this! And no weapon other then this one!" she decoyed

"Tough luck sister!" He knew that she was feeling better as she began to pace. He was merely teasing her. He knew the truth, the only thing he had spent on her at all was in fact the leaves, but his being hard pretty much paid for the leave, he owed them to her for what he put her through wether she realized it or not.

Drareswen a bit shocked at Icilowan's persistence only made her realize that he was telling the truth. He wouldn't expect something from her unless he really deserved it.. would he?? She set down her pack and pulled out her shield enlayed with gems and her fine club with the pretty etchings. She sat them in front of Icilowan and began digging in her pack again for her beginner armor. She grabbed what she could and walked away. 

"Where do you think your going!?" he asked quickly

"I've gotta get out of my clothes to give them to you.. do I not? Stay there I'll be done in just a second." she explained

She walked towards the huge ancient tree once again and finally let the view take her breath away, it was insanely beautiful. The view could go on and on towards waters and mountains both. She had never been somewhere so high up! The clouds had began to fade away as the day turned into evening and much more was visible now that the sun wasn't blinding away. She got to the tree and she began walking around it. She was a quiet elf who could be loud but didn't need people seeing her naked. Slowly she began to unbuckle, unsnap, zip, and tie her armor. It was a task that would take forever. 

Drareswen had already been gone for a good bit of time before Icilowan even got the idea to check on her. After all she was a biped.. lord only knows they could wander off the edge of the slab without even looking where she was going. He rolled his eyes at the thought and began to stand. He walked over towards the edge to the rock and looked downward. The view was spectacular and he hoped that she wasn't at the bottom of it. Not even ambrosia would fix that sort of problem. meander closer to the tree Drareswen had just tugged her boots and pants off when she heard him coming.

"I'm not done! Go away!" she exclaimed

"Ok ok I was just checking to see if you were alive.. err.. all right." he said

"Yes, I'm fine, go away." she responded quickly

*Icilowan didn't understand why Drareswen desired to be alone while changing, after all scaled covered his entire body, he didn't know what it was like to be naked or be watched without clothing. He was curious now.. maybe she was hiding something from him. He wanted to know. 

"Why can't I come back there? What's wrong with naked? I mean.. are you trying to hide something from me? Gems?? Jewels? Something of great value that I want!?" he snapped both questioningly and curiously

"No! I don't have anything of value other then my armor! And your already getting that!! Why do you want to know anyway?" she wondered a loud

Icilowan wasn't a trusting dragon, he didn't trust even his own kind. And once the idea of her keeping something from him popped into his mind, he absolutely KNEW it was true. Why else would he have thought about it if it wasn't true!? Slowly he began to creep around the tree. Not making a sound. 

Slowly Drareswen slipped off her gloves, arm pieces and shoulder pieces tossing them onto the pile of once pretty green armor. Slowly she turned around and began to unlace her tunic. Each loop unbound released a bit more skin and a bit more pressure from her tightly bound chest. Icilowan had made it successfully from around the tree, his eyes widened slightly seeing the nearly nude Elf at the base of the tree, not even noticing his being there. She slipped the tunic off and throw it onto the pile. She yawned and stretched hard. The armor was tight and well bound together for protection, and that was fine, but when it was off it was like heaven. Icilowan sat perfectly still, he knew he would be yelled at for sure if she saw him watching her. The pale sunlight caught the outline of her body as she took in the view beams of golden hues streamlined her curves highlighting ever little bend and bow of her flawless skin. His heart thumped once as something then caught his eye, she was wearing jewelry! 

"She could have given it to him for sure, but no! She was going to be stubborn " he thought anxiously.

Suddenly he stepped forward, insistent on confronting her about her jewelry! Slowly Drareswen turned back around toward the tree. She was confused at first, the tree was gone. In place of the tree was a huge wall of red bellied flesh staring at her. She then realized what was going on and shrieked loudly.

"ICILOWAN!!" She blurted out, "How could you!?" 

"What?! You lied to me! You have jewelry on!!" he replied

"Yes i do! Which proves to me you were watching me the whole time!! How could you!?" she still insisted on knowing

"What does it matter give me those gems!" he yelled

"No!" she screamed now trying to run away for something to cover her up with.

Icilowan quickly reached out for her and picked her up with one hand. His claws softly digging into her bare and exposed skin. She was much softer then he had ever imagined, as well as clean looking, she was so warm and he liked the way it felt his mind wandered and his heart raced. He held her to his face and looked her in the eyes.

"If you won't give me the gems then you should repay me with something else.. " he waggled his brow a bit and winked at her quick as a flash.

Drareswen, happy that at least his claws were covering her most private of parts, knew what he was getting at with his simple little wiggles and winks. She then exclaimed "I most certainly will not!!"

Icilowan tightened his grip on her slightly, she wasn't sure to laugh at the whole situation or to be truly fearful of what Icilowan might try and do to her. He forced his snout close to her belly from between his claws. His breath was warm and Drareswen kicked about trying to get him off. Icilowan closed his eyes as the smell of her skin was fresh and sweet much like a fresh flower. She squealed out and yelled "Icilowan you put me down right now!! And keep your hot breath off of me!" 

Icilowan mind continued to race his other greedy claw reached up and slowly began tracing her well pointed ear lobe. Her squealing stopped suddenly and her eyes slammed shut as she tilted her head up a bit towards the tracing motion. Much like a cat she loved to have her ears played with and touched. He continued and whispered to her very quietly, "I wouldn't hurt you... and you know it might be nice.." 
