 As my eyes slowly opened, I was surprised to see that I was no longer lying in bed with my two lovers. Instead, I was sitting in front of a large well-lit mirror. If I could trust my reflection, I was a buxom redhead, with pale skin dotted by freckles, and zero tats. The diminutive goth girl was gone.

It took me a moment to adjust to this new body. Naturally, I had expected to be a woman, just not this woman. I stood up and turned gradually around, so I could examine myself thoroughly.

This female body was much taller and shapelier than the goth. I was wearing a bright yellow sundress, with black nylons and six-inch heels. As I moved around, I felt constricted, as if a snake had coiled tightly around my chest. I lifted the top of my sundress to see what the problem was, and saw that my breasts were pushed up and held in place by a large black brassiere. 

In my previous excursion as a woman in virtual reality, I had gone braless. So, this was an entirely new experience, and not one I liked. The bra felt like a medieval torture device, compressing, and shifting my large breasts into an uncomfortable position. How did women put up with this confinement?!

I sighed deeply, and focused on slowing my breathing to calm myself. I considered removing the bra, but thought better of it, as my breasts were truly enormous. Balancing on high heels was difficult, so I plopped back down in the chair. The quick motion caused my long red ponytails ti flop up in the air.

I sighed and glanced around. It became apparent that this was a dressing room. The walls on both sides were decorated with framed pictures of beautiful women. Given that they weren't digital, I thought it likely that I was sometime in the late 20th Century.

The room had another small chair, and a heavily cushioned brown leather couch. The only opening was a door directly behind me. Turning back, I traced the edges of the expansive mirror, which were circled by bright lights.

My hands dropped down to the long white desk in front of me. It was made of some kind of wood, and ran the entire length of the mirror. Every inch of it was packed with makeup products. Several were open. 

It seemed likely that I was meant to finish applying my fascial makeup. However, I hadn't a clue what to do. Even the women of the 22nd Century used skin nanites to embellish themselves. This stuff was archaic.

I tentatively picked up a small brush, which was covered in a strange substance, and swiped it against my left cheek. It left a vivid red mark. I retrieved a wipe, and removed the paint from my cheek, sighing again.

This was going nowhere fast. Then, it dawned on me that if this was a dressing room, I was probably a model or an actor. The thought made me queasy.

While I had fun privately exploring the sex life of a goth girl, the prospect of publicly showing myself as a woman was disconcerting, to say the least.

However, I had to admit that my new female body was designed to be showed off. I closely studied my face in the mirror. My lips were coated with thick red lipstick, and my eyes heavily highlighted with black underliner. This was far more makeup than I normally liked on a woman, but I had to admit, I looked beautiful.

With my left hand, I smoothed out the wrinkles in my sundress, and then I hiked it up, just enough to see that I was wearing black lace panties. I raised the panties to reveal a smoothly shaved pussy.

My head darted around to make sure I was alone. Then, using the reflection of this gorgeous woman to stimulate me, I rubbed the folds of my labia. I shivered with pleasure. My lips parted, and I softly moaned, as I slipped a finger inside me. Instantly, I felt a stab of shame.

I glanced around again to make ensure I was still alone, and then began pumping my moist pussy with my index finger. Within minutes, I was on the verge of an orgasm. This body was far more response than the goth. So much so, I had to hook the toes of heels around the legs of the chair to keep my thighs open.

Slipping two more fingers inside me, I relentlessly finger-banged my now drenched pussy. My moans became louder and closer together. Using my free hand, I massaged my large tits, pinching the nipples, twisting, and pulling them, until I thought I would go crazy from the sensation.

I watched my pretty face contort, as waves of pleasure rolled over me. Finally, my head snapped back, mouth went open, and I emitted an animal like howl. Once the spasms subsided, I relaxed in the chair, exhausted from the effort and tension.

The warmth of the orgasm radiated throughout my entire body. Without a doubt, that had been the most profound orgasm of my life. The sight of this gorgeous woman coming had greatly intensified the whole experience.

Without thinking about it, I slipped my wet fingers in my mouth, and sucked them. Fuck, I tasted good. I was about to go for another round, when a loud startled me. I jumped up, shoved my dress down, and took a deep breath to regain my composure.

The girl in the mirror looked quite flushed and red, and her right was soaked. So, I used a whip to remove the pussy juices, and then sat back down, and fanned by face to cool down. I slowly swiveled my chair toward the door. I would have stood back up, except that my heels made standing a problematic proposition, especially when I was unsteady from having just come.

"Yes?" I said, hoarsely.

The sound of my voice shocked me. Although this woman was much larger than the goth, my voice came out as a tiny squeaky whine. I found the sound of it irritating.

"May I come in?" a deep male voice asked.

"Ah...okay," I replied, rapidly fanning my face with my hands.

Then, I sat straight up and smoothed out my dress, trying to appear like I hadn't just masturbated my brains out.

A tall handsome man opened the door, and walked in. He wore a faded pair of blue jeans, and a white t-shirt. He had jet black hair and piercing blue eyes. His clothing was tight and showed off his well-muscled body. I stared at him, my mouth wide open. He flashed me a knowing smile.

I blushed, head-to-toe. He could clearly tell that this body was attracted to him. I closed my knees together, and fanned my face, attempting to cool down.

Although I retained the memories and personality of my macho male self, my brain was now soaking in a bath of estrogen and progesterone, which apparently was causing me to increasingly think like a nymphomaniac. Perhaps that is why I couldn't take my eyes off the large bulge in his jeans.

"I thought we might go over the scene before we shoot it," he said, sitting down on the couch.

"Scene? Ah, sure," I said, anxiously.

He patted the seat next to him, indicating that I should join him on the couch. I reluctantly got up from the chair and walked over to him. Not trusting my hormones, I purposely sat on the far end, trying to keep as much distance from him as possible. He noticed, and laughed.

"No need for embarrassment. The whole reason for VR is to explore and experience new sensations," he said, smiling again.

"Oh shit, you're real?" I said, my mind racing.

"Oh, I thought you knew! You entered the open VR space, so I assumed you were aware that other humans played here too," he said, still smiling.

I shifted my weight and fidgeted with my ponytails. He scooted closer to me, and rested a large hand on my right arm. I turned to look at him, his face was close to mine. I tensed and held my breath. 

"Relax, relax, let me explain," he said, reassuringly.

Somehow his words lessened my apprehension. I let out a deep sigh.

"You don't have to do anything you don't want to. We can go ahead with this scenario, or you can simply return to the real world. No pressure, really," he said, with that damn charming grin.

"Have you played much in VR?" I said, hesitantly.

"If my friends are correct, I am VR addict!" he said, laughing.

I had giggled too; his good humor was infectious. Then, a funny thought struck me.

"If you don't mind me asking, are you a man in real life?" I said, tentatively.

He seemed surprised by the question, and paused before responding. I tensed, sensing I had broken some protocol. 

"It's bad form to discuss reality, as the whole point of this place is to escape it. However, you're new, and cute. So, allowances must be made," he said, chuckling.

I blushed, and tittered like a schoolyard girl. Fuck, this body was driving me crazy!

"Yes, back on terra firma, I'm a woman. However, as you can see, I prefer playing a male. Since we are sharing, how about you?" he said, raising an eyebrow.

"Ah...well, I'm...ah...a man," I said, red-faced again.

He flashed his pearly-whites at me, and then scooted even closer. I could feel his body heat. It made me wet, and nervous.

"It seems we are two of kind," he said, softly stroking my forearm.

His touch sent shivers through me. I wanted to kiss him, but resisted and instead asked him another question.

"So, what is this all about?" I said, waving my left hand around to indicate the room.

"Oh, I thought you knew. We shoot skin flicks," he said.

My eyes went wide, and I heard myself gasp. He began chuckling, which caused me to snigger too. We looked at each other for a second, and then broke out laughing, loudly. I felt all the tension leave, as we rolled around on the couch, roaring with laughter, until we were both out of breath.

Lying back on the couch, our shoulders touching, I patted his knee next to me.

"I guess that means I am a porn actress," I said.

"No, no, my dear, you are a bona fide porn-star!" he said.

We laughed a bit more and then sat up. As I studied his face, he explained how this spot had become extremely popular for VR players. He now spent most of his time in VR directing porno flicks.

The wait to get in was apparently quite long, which is why he was surprised that I had not known about it. He finished by revealing that I was scheduled to appear in a post-apocalyptic gangbang.

I was cast as the last fertile female left alive, and would be chased by three highly virile men through some ruins. Once they caught me, I was to be roughly fucked, and then cream-pied by each of them. As he spoke, I grew more anxious by the second. He sensed it.

"Listen, you don't to shoot the flick, if doesn't appeal to you," he said, patting my knee, reassuringly.

"Will you be one of the actors?" I said.

I couldn't believe I had just asked him that, and then flashed him a mischievous grin!

"No, no, I don't act, just direct," he said, grinning back at me.

It may have been the female hormones coursing through me, or just insanity, but I told him that if he acted in the scene, I would do it. He thought it over for a moment, and then kissed my cheek.

"Sure angel, anything for you," he said.

He got up from the couch, and helped me up. His hand steadied me, while I tried to balance on the six-inch heels. Thankfully, he took my arm, and escorted me out of the dressing room.

I was shocked to see that we were in a gigantic old drafty warehouse. The ceiling was over a hundred feet above our heads, with rows of lights hanging from it. The enormous area was pretty much empty, except for a collection of men, cameras, and sound equipment in the distance. 

I could make out the edges of delipidated buildings, just behind them. This was clearly the set of the film. As we walked toward the men, I grew nervous again. He seemed to notice.

"Oh, I forgot to introduce myself, I'm Alan," he said.

"Call me Allie," I replied, squeezing his hand.

The echo from my six-inch heels on the concrete floor resonated against the distant walls. I had a difficult time walking, constantly worrying that I might lose my balance and twist an ankle. This made my gate uneven, which caused my large breasts to bounce.

I became self-conscious about it, and wrapped my free arm under them, hoping to provide some added support. I was deeply thankful that I had left the bra on. Otherwise, I would be flopping all over the place.

The constant loud clicking of my heels unsettled me. To calm myself, I concentrated on the man next to me. Alan towered over me, easily 6'6" and around 220 pounds. His face and arms were darkly tanned, and his stature dwarfed mine, as I was only around 5'7" and 120 pounds.

Alan's facial features were that of a Greek god chiseled out of marble. A square jutting jaw, symmetrical high cheek bones, and dazzling white teeth made him the most attractive man I have ever seen.

As we closed the distance to the set, I thought about being gangbanged. It was one thing to engage in private fucking by two amateurs, and quite another to consider a public gangbang by three professionals. And, worse yet, it would be filmed!

The idea terrified and thrilled me. A sense of shame and embarrassment washed over me. I was still a man at heart, and I had certain sensibilities. I decided that publicly flaunting my weird sexual proclivities went well beyond what I was willing to do.

In addition, I had no concept of how to perform in a porno. I had watched more than my share, but surely there was a lot of behind the scenes techniques that I was clueless about. One thing was for certain, I had never given a blowjob, and didn't want to change that fact.

Alan seemed to sense my growing apprehension. He slowed, and then stopped, turning me to face him. We were still out of earshot from the other men. However, he put the palm of his hand gently against my cheek, and cradled my face. He bent forward, and whispered in my ear.

"Don't worry, you will be great. I will teach you anything you need to learn. Trust me, this will be the hottest sex you have ever experienced," he said.

I appreciated him whispering to ensure my complete privacy, but I still had doubts about do it.

"I'm not sure I can...I have never..." I mumbled.

"You have never what?" he said.

"I...don't how to give...ahem...a blowjob," I stammered.

"Not a problem, it would be my pleasure to show you how," he said, winking at me.

He slipped his massive arm around my waist, and escorted me to where the men where mulling around, checking equipment, and chatting. I was still terribly nervous, but his assurances had calmed me down enough that I had decided to stick it out a bit longer. Besides, I kept thing about his cock. I cursed my hormones again.

When we arrived, the crew continued to work, but two men came to greet me.

"Listen up everyone, this is Allie and she will be our star today. Allie, this is the crew and those two rogues are your costars," Alan said.

The two men offered me their hands, and I shook each of them. They wore bright orange jumpsuits, covered in dirt. Clearly, these were costumes for the post-apocalyptic scene. Neither was as tall as Alan, but both looked fit, and judging by the giant bulges in their jumpsuits, happy to see me. I gulped, hard.

"Hello gorgeous, I'm Ben," said one of the men.

I smiled at him. He was about 6'2" and wiry, with long soft blond hair. With a great deal of effort, I pushed images of him fucking me out of my mind.

"Greetings my lovely, I'm Philip, but you can call me Phil," the other man said, flashing me a grin as well.

"Pleased to meet you," I said, my voice sounding shaky.

I will still getting use the sound of it. I guess most men would find it sexy. However, it was so high pitched that no matter how I tried to modulate it, I ended up sounding like I had just sucked a mouthful of helium. Nonetheless, my two costars seemed find it attractive. I instinctively batted my long eyelashes at them.

Alan took my hand, and indicated that I should follow him.

"Give us minute, I need to give Allie a few last-minute instructions," he said to the two men.

He guided me behind one of the broken walls. Once we were out of sight, I saw a small rug on the concert deck. I instantly knew it purpose.

"Maybe this isn't such a good idea," I said, pulling away from him.

He caught me by the wrist, and pulled me against him. His warmth melted me.

"Tell you what, give it a try with me in private, and if you still feel that way, I will take you back to your dressing room, and you can return to reality. Okay?" he said.

I looked at him for moment, and then nodded. Fuck, I hated my female hormones!

Without a word, I knelt before him. With my face crotch level, I reached over with shaking hands, and unzipped his jeans. He took my chin in his hand, and lifted my face upward, so we could see each other's eyes.

"In the real world, I have given plenty of blowjobs. You might find that you actually enjoy it," he said, smiling down at me.

Kneeling there on the rug, looking up into his blue eyes, I considered the prospect of sucking his cock. Was I really that big of a VR slut?