 In the fringes of her vision, Leneivi she saw the firepit where Zande did much of his work. She was nearly as familiar with his workspace as she was with his bedroom, given that he created much of their toys here. The metalsmiths of Biyes would have loved a chance to study the toys that Zande made for their mutual pleasure. He wrought beautiful patterns and forms out of various metals, adorning his mate in elegant jewelry -- and restraints.

At the moment, she was bound to the padded platform that Zande often used to play with his mate. Her ankles were bound to a long bar, about two feet apart. Her wrists were bound to that same bar, forcing her knees to her outer arms. Her hands were spaced just far enough that she could caress the sides of her sac with just the tips of her fingers if she reached hard enough.

Naturally, the configuration left her privates very much exposed. On occasion, Zande would stroll over and play with her for a while, stroking her cock, running his fingers along her labia or sliding a finger into her quivering opening. She tried to curse him when he backed away, leaving her on the brink of orgasm, but he had fitted her with a gag that left her able to breathe comfortably and make sounds, but not coherent speech.

Several drops of precum had already oozed from her cock, and Zande's relentless touches had left her cunt soaked to the point where a bit of her juices had already dripped between her rear cheeks.

Finally, he set down his tools and removed his apron, making his way over to her.

"Eager for my attentions, aren't you?" he rumbled as he ran his fingers along her brow and cheek. She let out a low, angry moan, glaring up at him. His fingers trailed down her arm and along the bar before giving her bum an affectionate squeeze. "t has not been easy for me, either. Hearing your moans, seeing you wiggle around... you do provide a welcome distraction to my work."

To her relief, he unhooked the bands around her wrists and ankles from the bar and allowed her to recline after he had removed the gag. It'd been only about a quarter of an hour, but her freedom still felt blissful, and she stretched out with a low sigh. The light behind him cast light and shadow along his flesh, and she remained silent as she felt a tentacle slide along her breast. He would take her soon enough, and as she pressed her thighs together, she felt the slickness along her outer lips. At the very least her body was more than ready for him.

Gods, she thought. Had Kada ever encountered these beings? Zande claimed that his race came from beyond the stars and that Cthulhu was more ancient than any god the humans had ever worshiped.

Zande's hands moved to his waist, where he undid the sash that held his pants up. She pulled back to make room as he climbed up, leaning over her.

"Leneivi..." he whispered, and his hand reached out to slide along her cheek. Between his legs, the light of the fire illuminated his sac and thick member, already engorged with need. How well she remembered how it felt between her legs, delving into her, Zande claiming her over and over, his flesh searing its memory and presence into her own. Her flesh clenched around him so needily, and she would writhe and gasp as he drove into her, merging their passion into the heights of pleasure.

Several more tentacles wound along her body, and she wiggled against them, signaling her willingness to accommodate him. Her organ throbbed, and the sensations in her womanhood were bordering on painful. When he nudged her knees apart, she relaxed, leaving herself exposed before the Teuthid's hungry gaze. Two tentacles lifted her knees, leaving her even more exposed, and a quiet whimper escaped her throat when she felt a finger prod at her rear opening.

Her mate was devious. He'd taken his time to explore her body in various ways, discovering her most erogenous zines, and her weak spots. He could be merciless, holding her on the brink of orgasm for what seemed like forever, or pushing her into orgasms that cascaded upon one another to leave her a hot, shivering, overwhelmed mass of flesh.

Her hand reached down to grasp his wrist as he started to wiggle his finger within her. She knew all too well what would happen should he continue this course of action. She just wanted to cum now, and wanted the Teuthid to give her a fucking orgasm.

"Please don't prolong this any further," she pleaded. "I am ready for you." She wiggled her pelvis, reaching down with her free hand to spread open her inner lips, a task made difficult by the slickness of her obvious arousal. She knew he could smell it, and cursed the self-control he could exhibit when he was in the mood to take things slow.

"I know you are." One of his tentacles slid along her quivering slit, and she gave out a small gasp, arching towards him. "And you can be sure that I will take you thoroughly, and give you the attention that you so richly deserve. I crave to feel you around me, and your arms and legs around me, your sweet voice demanding and begging more of me..." The tentacle slithered about an inch within her and wiggled around, sliding up and down.

"Bastard," she hissed out, trying to squirm free, but several more tentacles pinned her down. When one had the use of ten tentacles, on top of two large and firm hands, it was not hard to assert the physical advantage. Her hands were tugged above her head, and the finger probed in her further. She tried to clench herself around the intruder, but as had been proven long ago, it was an ineffective tactic.

A short, angry whimper was directed at Zande as the tip of his finger found her prostate. He slid his finger in further, pressing into this sensitive spot with the pad of his finger, and she pressed her head back against the cushion. Futanari, like normal people, responded differently to stimulation of the rear opening, or deeper inside. Exploring by themselves, with other futanari, or willing priests of either sex or patrons afforded a Blessed One the opportunity to understand their sexuality and desires. 

For Leneivi, she had been quick to learn how quickly her male parts responded to the stimulation of this inner organ. As someone who possessed male and female parts, Leneivi had also inherited another part of the male anatomy that made pleasure so rich for her. A gentle finger or two would have her hard in almost no time. Continue that stimulation and she almost inevitably started dripping precum.

Zande's long and thick fingers made this activity a mutually enjoyable one, even if Leneivi did not want to admit it. As she expected, she felt pressure build up within her cock as it twitched, and several pearly drops were visible as he gave her prostate firm strokes, his tentacle having pulled from her vagina. She tried to free her hands or close her knees, but the tentacles of a Teuthid were a formidable weapon in more ways than one.

Despite the tentacles squeezing and stroking various parts of her body, the priestess' consciousness seemed to be centered somewhere between her cock and prostate, aware of each throb and stroke, each wave of pleasure that came from Zande's skillful ministrations.

She let out frustrated grunts and whimpers as she squirmed around, each stroke and press of his fingers reminding her of the position she was trapped in.

"Zande-"

Two fingers were now inside of her, the thick fingers stretching out her sphincter a bit. Her cock was as hard as it was ever going to get, and the feel of precum slowly sliding down the head of her cock only intensified the torment. She blinked back tears of frustration even as she bore down on his hand.

"Do you know why I do this?" he quietly demanded, lowering his face so that it was inches from her own even as he continued his work. She groaned softly and squirmed against his embrace. His fingers curled slowly and purposefully. "Because I know it enhances your pleasure. And what am I if not a good mate?"

He shifted around, a tentacle winding around her cock, its tip rubbing along the slick opening. She gritted her teeth, biting back a cry as she felt the tentacle start to wiggle inside, her cock pulsing under the pressure from the tentacle wrapped around it. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she arched, and his fingers slid out before she felt a familiar sensation at her pussy. She offered no resistance as he slid inside, clenching around him as she arched again. The tentacle remained wrapped around her cock, squeezing it in rhythm with his slow thrusts.

Her lips parted as a moan forced itself forth. Another tentacle slid along her jaw and lips. She pressed herself down on him, feeling him fill her, stretching her womanhood in a way none of her previous lovers -- or toys -- had ever.

"Zande..." Her body practically thrummed in pleasure under the sensations in and around her sexes. She looked up into his eyes, writhing against him and wiggling her hips. His hands slid down her body, one stopping at her hip and the other one lifting her leg.

"More! Please!" Leneivi begged clenching and writhing around the cock that was pounding into her.

"As my mate desires," Zande replied, ramming into her, drawing back intil he was nearly all out before pushing back inside. He buried his face against the side of her neck.

She tugged at the tentacles that bound her wrists. "My hands... please?" she gasped. The tentacles slid away, leaving her free to wrap her arms around his neck. He started going fiercely fast now, his hips snapping back and forth in quick, powerful thrusts as her calves bounced and flopped against his back.

The futanari priestess cried out sharply as she finally had her orgasm, her seed spurting out against his stomach and tentacles as he continued to push himself into her.

"Len..." he growled, driving into her with a fierce thrust before his passion burst forth, filling her with his cum. He remained in her for a while longer, thrusts slowing as he twitched here and there in the glow of their coupling. Her arms remained loosely around his neck, and she lightly leaned her head against his own as he squeezed her gently.

He drew out, and she felt more juices seep out of her, trickling along her perineum. Her cock remained semi-hard for a bit but came to rest against her thigh. As she often did, she started to curl up after sex or before going to sleep, and she heard a soft chuckle.

"I'm far from done with you, my dear."

Of course he wasn't done. Teuthids had rather impressive sex drives. Many would consider her lucky for having a spouse who had eyes only for her, and not only that, but was skilled in his attentions.

"What would you have of me?" she whispered.

"Hmm." His hand ran along her hip and outer thigh. "I would have you in my lap."

She had only a few seconds before she was pulled forward, pushing her knees apart and forcing her to straddle his lap as she faced away from him. An arm hooked around her middle positioned herself just at the tip of his organ, which she could feel against her inner thigh. The flames that danced from the smith's firepit filled her vision as he started to lower her onto himself.

She wiggled around as the familiar fulness came over her, her thighs stretching out as she came to rest on his lap, thoroughly impaled by Zande's rigid flesh.

She was unable to stop a soft gasp of pleasure from making itself heard, and Zande's embrace tightened in pleasure and approval.

"Leneivi..." he breathed a couple of tentacles working their way through her hair, as his free hand reached to squeeze a breast. "It is truly a pleasure to have you as my mate."

She could only moan when without warning, he thrust his hips upward in short, fierce bursts, rendering her almost insensate to anything besides the raw sexuality of the act and the way he had her body responding to his attentions.

o0o

Zande was eager to continue exploring the bond he shared with his mate. Having no females of their own, the Teuthids had to seek mates from the females of this fertile planet, or others in the universe. An inner sense, said to be a gift from Cthulhu himself -- alerted a Teuthid when their mate was near. He'd known who she was once he'd glimpsed her among the group of priests who had called to the stars for help.

She was immensely pleasing to his eyes, with thick, straight ebony hair and dusky skin. He longed to run his fingers through that hair, and run them along her skin, and explore the various curves and crevices of her body. His body ached almost immediately, but he'd held it in rein. They had been called here for a reason, and it would be unseemly to rush things.

As a craftsman, he'd studied the jewelry and armor of the Biyesians. There was always something to make note of, or to add to his knowledge base. So he did his work, and made his preparations while his kind made their deal with the humans, and fulfilled these conditions. Then came the time to claim his mate.

It was known that some mates were more resistant to their fates. But in the end, they always came to enjoy their new life as mate to a Teuthid.

Leneivi was pliant... most of the time. And truth be told, he enjoyed occasional bouts of defiance. It gave him a good excuse to be firm with her, and use the various toys he'd created for their play.

He looked down, seeing her dozing, her head resting against his arm as her legs loosely draped against his. He leaned down to nuzzle a breast, murmuring contentedly as he pulled her close, her body still very warm from their exertions.

"Shall I put you to bed?" he asked. She nodded slowly, and with a good-natured hum, he rose from the platform with her in his arms. She wrapped her arms around his neck, and as he stepped outside of the workshop, he was taken with a new idea. Instead of retiring to the sleeping chamber, he took her to the grotto. Incanting several words and waving his arm, the water heated up, and he lowered her into it. She jerked slightly in surprise, but offered no resistance.

The Teuthids were creatures of space, but they also had origin in the waters, and he relaxed as he felt the soothing caress as the water flowed around them.

He pulled her into his lap, rubbing her arms and thighs, knowing she would be sore after her bondage. She arched against him, making her gratitude known, and a couple of tentacles slid along her bare breasts. His hand roamed along her womanhood, teasing it a bit with his fingers before sliding them along her shaft. A quiet whimper met his ears.

"Shall we have one more before going to bed?" he asked teasingly, cupping her groin with his large hand, gently rubbing the heel of his wrist against her sac.

"Yes." Not one trace of hesitation, he noted. Zande smiled to himself as he fondled her, keeping her at full arousal as he massaged her limbs. When she pressed against his hand, he allowed it for a bit before pulling back so she did not cum too quickly.

He was brisk in drying their bodies with a towel, fully erect and bobbing with each quick step he made to the bed to quickly deposit her on the sheets. She lifted herself up on one elbow and beckoned him forward.

There had been only teasing in the bath, but now he wasted no time in mounting her, plunging into her waiting flesh as he took her into his arms, thrusting into her fiercely. He lifted his torso up just enough to allow her to jerk herself off, and his attention alternated between her lovely face, and the slender hand that was ministering to her turgid flesh.

He alternated between slow and hard, watching her play with herself, or thrusting into her so hard she had to use both hands on the bed to steady herself. Finally, he came, filling her up again before he withdrew, seeing a pearly string of cum connect their bodies for a couple of moments.

Her face was flush with pleasure, and she was now stroking herself again, looking up at him. He stared at her for a minute, watching her hand work the rigid shaft. Knowing what she enjoyed, he lowered his head, and she withdrew his hand, staring down at him with anticipation.

Teuthids did not have lips, but they had tongues, and their tentacles could form a grip better than a set of lips. She exclaimed his name softly as he swirled his tongue around her, and Leneivi hit her climax soon enough, crying out his name again as she squirmed around, pressing her head back against the pillow. Her hips swayed slightly, and he kept a firm grip on her waist and thighs, taking his time to draw out her orgasm and clean her. Finally, he lifted his head, her cock falling to rest on her inner thigh.

Zande sat up, looking down at his mate as she dozed off after he pulled a blanket over her. He wondered if there was anything special about futanari cum, because after the first time he'd tasted it, he found himself wanting more.

o0o

Yes, Zande's name has been changed. I like this version better than the original and when i edit the rest of this story, that change will be reflected. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter! Yes, the various stories I have on here are ongoing, it just depends on what my muse is in the mood for. :P

Feedback and reviews are always welcome and cherished by the author.