 When not performing priestly rites or services, Leneivi had often found refuge in weaving. Her earliest memories were of helping her mother and grandmother spin and weave, and as she got older, she did her own projects. As a priestess, she had access to fine materials with which she used to create beautiful clothes and hangings. The Teuthids though, had links to various worlds, able to get exotic materials that presented Leneivi with opportunities to hone her art.

She created stunning and fanciful designs, using the generously-supplied inventory from her mate. She stared down at her canvas, threading silver and deep emerald through skeins of blood-red silk, a subtle but elegant pattern, the gleam of silver seeming like stardust in the inky heavens.

Around her body was more evidence of Zande's generosity. She was draped in fine, soft but strong material that moved along her skin in a way she found pleasing. Her mate had been true to his word about the way Teuthids provided for their women.

She heard quiet footsteps and recognized the presence of her mate.

"Greetings, Zande," she whispered, her fingers continuing to move nimbly along the threads. His hands came to her shoulders as he drew up behind her, looking down at her work.

"Your fingers work nearly as nimbly as my tentacles do," he teased gently.

"They work well enough for this," she replied, reaching behind with one hand to grope him, fingers curling under his balls, the loose material of his leggings facilitating this task. With a low, passionate growl, he pressed his hips forward, hooking a hand around her waist. She grabbed his wrist, leading his hand up to her breast as she felt his fingers curl against her.

"Is my mate signaling that she desires my affection?" he asked. She heard faint surprise in his voice. As he said this, he massaged her breast, grinding himself against her hand slowly. In response, she leaned her head back against his chest, a tentacle wrapping around her neck and another around her shoulders, as she wiggled against his hand. His next statement was a hum of approval, and she started to rub his groin slowly but firmly, feeling the male flesh pulse and expand under her palm.

Finally, she twisted around in his embrace to face him, lightly touching her nose to just above where the tentacles begun on his face. Their eyes met, and she felt a couple of tentacles slide into her dress through the opening at her neck. They slid down in a way that showed her how familiar he had become with the curves of her body, and she arched against him as she felt one tentacle cup her breast.

She repositioned her hand, massaging his groin more firmly, feeling the thick flesh strain against his leggings. Several tentacles wound around her arms and middle, and she shivered in the familiar pleasure of being bound by his tentacles.

"I long to feel you inside of me, Zande," she breathed as she felt a tentacle hook around the back of her neck and gently wrapping around her throat, its tip caressing her cheek and the corner of her lip.

Her other hand slid up his shoulder before coming to rest at the back of his neck.

"It pleases me that you are so welcoming." His hand reached down to cup her buttocks, and she wiggled against him.

"I want to feel your cum leak down my thighs after you've fucked me so many times. I want to feel your tentacles and hands everywhere. I ache for the pleasure only you can give," she breathed.

A thick growl was his response as his attentions increased in their aggressiveness. A tentacle was now rubbing firmly against one nipple, and she felt his fingers curl into her rear end as he drew her even closer, trapping her hand between their bodies.

"Whatever you wish for, is yours," Zande promised after he loosened his grip on her, giving her room to move around a bit despite his embrace. She took hold of his wrist, guiding his hand from her behind to her front, where she was already near full erection, her dress considerably less confining than his leggings. He pressed upward with his fingers, feeling the wetness of her cunt as it seeped into the fabric of the skirt.

"I want your cock inside of me now," she stated, testing his offer.

"Our desires are in mutual accord," he commented as he scooped her up in his arms, and within several moments, she was on their bed. With several deft movements he had taken off his shirt, and undid the lacing that held the front of his pants together. Quickly, she rolled the hem of her dress to her waist, giving the Teuthid an unfettered view of her lower half.

As she regarded him, he studied her, even though he already knew her form so well. She shifted to lay on her back, spreading her knees in a gesture that her lover could not misunderstand. The muscles in his cheeks tightened as the tips of his tentacles curled slightly upward in an expression she was now familiar with as the Teuthid version of a smile.

He took his cock in hand, stroking it slowly as she watched him. He rubbed the tip of his organ with his thumb before tracing it along the ridge of his swollen glans. She ached deliciously at the sight, and looked up at him, wiggling her hips, causing her own cock to bounce a bit.

In a few moments, he was on top of her, positioning himself between her legs as she wrapped an arm around his middle. Steadying himself with one hand, he used the other one to cup her face as he lowered himself, nudging at her delicate opening.

A couple of tentacles rested lightly on her shoulders as he lowered his head to lightly touch his brow to hers. The head of his organ slid into her, and she lifted her hips, urging him forward. He needed no further prompt, and thrust his hips forward to fill her with himself, her tight walls surrendering to their familiar intruder. A strangled cry of pleasure burst from her chest as her embrace tightened, and he nodded eagerly as he wiggled his hips around, the small jerks against her inner flesh stimulating her all the more.

"Zande-" She felt him slowly pull back several inches before he thrust forward. She lifted her hips again, striving to get in every bit of him that she could, even though he already filled her so well. Rolling his hips against her pelvis several times, he nuzzled her, murmuring in his language. It was difficult for mates to learn the Teuthid language, but she'd come to recognize his words as endearments.

"All of you. I want all of you," she hissed, pressing her thighs against his hips.

"None other will ever know the depths of my passion," he responded as his hips swung back more so that he could thrust more deeply and fiercely. As she made encouraging sounds, he picked up the cadence, establishing a rhythm she was familiar with. Her words to him were not empty platitudes.

Despite her initial reaction to being the mate to a Teuthid, she'd come to find him a better lover than any she'd ever had. He could be overwhelming or dominating at times, to be sure, but she'd never come so hard - or as often - as when she was Zande's mate.

His rhythm became fierce, her cock bouncing between their bodies before a rumbling groan burst from his throat, and he shuddered as he continued thrusting, filling her with his cum. Eventually, the rhythm slowed, and he came to a stop, still sheathed within her as he propped himself on his elbows to give her breathing room. A tentacle wiped several strands of hair from her face, and she looked up at him, panting softly. She knew that in due time, he would be eager to go another round, but at that moment, he was content to let her run her hands along his back, her fingernails scraping light patterns along the surface.

After several long, pleasurable moments, he slid out of her and spooned up to her, wrapping his arm around his middle, his hand descending to her groin, his strong fingers stroking along her erection. She groaned and arched against him, feeling his reawakened erection pressing against her backside.

"I ache for you. Inside and out," Leneivi said, pressing his hand to her hard flesh. "As you can feel."

"Oh, I do," he purred as he started pumping her, his slow and firm pumps designed to prolong her fullness, his thumb rubbing along the tip of her penis and drawing forth a couple of drops of precum. He withdrew his thumb, and a tentacle slid across her shoulder and down her side to the tumescent flesh, tickling the sensitive opening and causing her to whimper and squirm in his inexorable grip.

Another tentacle wrapped itself around the base of her sac, the tip tickling along the sensitive skin as Zande's cock rubbed along her inner thighs.

"Zande..." she pleaded as the tentacle at her cock started to wiggle inside, the tip caressing the inside of the slit. Her sac was massaged as her cock was pumped, and with his other arm and tentacles holding her in place, she was unable to squirm away from the maddening attention.

She tried to tug her hands free of the grip he had on her wrists with his other hand, but as usual, his strength had proven superior. She could only writhe in pleasure and frustration at his ministrations, and when a tentacle lifted her knee, she could not resist. Her head lolled against her shoulder as he slid back into her, magnifying the pleasure she already felt in her cock as Zande's own filled and stretched out her pussy again.

"Hard. Fuck me hard," she pleaded.

"You seem particularly receptive tonight. Is there any specific reason?" he asked as he increased his pace, thrusting into her firmly.

"Only to share pleasure with you," she panted out. This answer seemed to satisfy him, as he went even harder, sliding almost all the way out before slamming back in. It was not too long before he achieved another orgasm, at which point she was whimpering and panting, her own cock still throbbing madly. More precum had dribbled out, and she squirmed against his grip.

His hand trailed along her stomach before taking her in hand again, caressing her gently. The tips of his fingers brushed against her sac, tight with pent-up need.

"Damnit, Zande. Please."

"Yes." He rested his head on her shoulder, nuzzling her affectionately as he continued to touch her languidly. After he softened a bit, he slid out of her, rolling her over onto her back and releasing her hands. As he often did, he moved downwards, wrapping her organ within his tentacles before lowering his head to pleasure her. His hands curled around her hips, and her fingers dug into the blankets as a tentacle slid within her pussy to magnify the stimulation.

Teuthid mouths were constructed differently than human ones in several significant ways, but when it came to giving his mate pleasure, Zande certainly did not do worse than his human counterparts. His tongue swirled around the tip of her hyper-sensitized shaft, and she arched and wiggled around as his ministrations continued at a firm but controlled pace. This ensured that she would not come too soon, however much she might want to, and she whined in frustration as she thrust her hips upward.

One hand slid from her hip to cup a breast, and he tugged the nipple between forefinger and thumb, causing her to hiss and swear at him.

A soft chuckle met her ears at the same time she felt it vibrate into her cock from the base of his throat. The tentacle wiggled within her womanhood, rubbing against the cum-slick walls as she felt some of their shared juices seep out.

She rested one hand on the back of his head, and he murmured in approval as he started to fellate her more quickly. With a gasp of relief, she leaned into his ministrations, having come to recognize when he would finally allow it.

A soft growl of 'yes' rumbled past her tongue as her toes curled, and Zande was rewarded well for his ministrations and teasing alike.

He continued sucking her for a bit before slowly pulling back, his tentacles sliding from her body. It came as no surprise to her that he was already hard again.

"Before, you told me that whatever I wished for would be mine," she reminded him. He nodded slowly. It was apparent from his attention that he was curious.

"I want you to take me again, but I wish for you to have me in the back." Although he had indeed inserted toys or his fingers within her rear passage, he had never actually taken her. With how good the stimulation he'd given her before could be, she didn't doubt that being taken by one such as him could be a very pleasurable experience. She'd received several men that way, and although Zande was very endowed, she still tingled pleasurably at the thought of having him back there and stimulating her through a venue that generally was only accessible to men.

"You are certain of that?" he asked in mild surprise.

"You've inserted plenty of things up there," she shot back playfully. "Besides, my pussy is a bit sore from your roughness. Would it be too much to ask for that opening to have a bit of reprieve?"

He stroked his tentacles wonderingly, much like an old man might stroke his beard. She'd seen it before as Zande weighed various decisions.

"If that is what you want," he finally said. "I will admit, I am curious to see how you will react."

She grinned at that. "There is no doubt I am a woman, but I enjoy things much the way a man does..." She looked down a bit shyly at that. There were some who considered that route to intercourse, or even simple pleasure, to be vulgar or dirty. The followers of Kada though, had a more open philosophy and their priests and priestesses were trained and tested in various forms of pleasure.

In that sort of environment, its followers were quick to learn their own sexual proclivities and talents, and explore or develop them suitably. Leneivi was not unique in enjoying pleasure as it was traditionally done between men and women, but she also sometimes enjoyed double penetration, or a man using both of her orifices, one after the other. Her response to prostate stimulation was as strong as any man's.

He caressed her stomach and thighs with his fingerpads, and she shifted around a bit, her mostly-soft cock resting against her lower abdomen, still tingling faintly. When he started to roll her over, she offered no resistance, and she found herself on her chest and knees, one of his hands holding onto her hip to keep her rear end elevated.

She felt the firm throb of the pulse within her neck and temples as two fingers trailed along her leaking pussy, gathering moisture to rub along her sphincter.

A soft gasp escaped her throat as he commenced to rub the puckered opening, a slick digit working its way in before being joined by another. Her cock started to twitch to life as the fingers slid in further, sliding against her prostate. She arched and moaned, imagining what it would feel like to have him take her in that way.

Pulling her so that her lower stomach was now resting in his lap, he moistened the fingers on his other hand, sliding two of them into her and massaging the straining opening.

"Zande..." she groaned, feeling him open up her most private part. Four fingers now hooked into her, two from either side before a tentacle worked its way inside, massaging her prostate in an expertness that came from long practice and intimacy. She whined out his name again, her cock coming to full hardness and hanging just centimeters above his thigh. She moved her hips a bit to the left, and felt her penis come in contact with his own organ, pressing upward, making its intent clear as he continued to massage and stretch her out.

"Fuck me already!" she gasped. He laughed at that before he slid out his fingers and tentacle. For several moments, she felt bereft, almost empty as she clenched onto thin air before closing. With a gentle push against her hip, she was directed to lay at her side while he positioned himself over her.

He lifted her knee with one hand, and shifted around so that his cock nudged at her. She looked up at him, shivering in anticipation, her own organ nearly as hard as his own.

She glanced up at his face, framed between her knees as she felt it press at her again, pushing against the slickness left behind from his fingers.

Her hand reached down to grasp her organ, feeling her sphincter involuntarily resist its would-be intruder. She took a deep breath, bidding herself to relax as she nodded at him.

He pushed forward, sheathing the head within her. She groaned softly at how thick it felt. She'd be sore later, she knew that, but right now, her body just ached for all the pleasure it could get through various means.

"Ohh..." she breathed. The grip around her knee tightened a bit before he caught himself, and pushed another couple of inches forward.

"You're so damn big..." She squeezed her own cock to distract herself from the strangeness and slight pain of having him within an opening not used to anything so large.

"Shall I proceed?" he asked, coming to a pause. She nodded her head vigorously, and he pushed in further, wiggling his hips in a slight rhythm. She arched and shifted, offering a better angle.

Pushing forward, he sheathed nearly all of himself within her. It was impossible to ignore his presence, but then, his attentions could be thorough, whatever it was he was doing. The thick, hard flesh buried deep within her had her prostate aching pleasantly under the pressure created by its confines and the ponderous intruder. At two and a half inches thick, there was really no defense she could offer against his thick organ as it seemed to fill every bit of available space she could offer.

This in turn caused the almost inevitable seepage of more precum as her flesh hardened as much as it ever could, pliant yet hard, with a delicious ache that burned its way through the very root of her essence.

"See what you do to me," she said in a husky tone as her cock twitched, weeping in desire.

"You have all my attention. And more." He punctuated this with a firm pressing down of his hips, driving his erection further within her. A sharp whimper burst from her throat as she felt her body take in her mate's flesh.

Oh Kada, yes, Leneivi mused as she wiggled against him, taking in the short but sharp bursts of friction. His cock, already slick from before, found relatively easy purchase against her tight walls, and he started swaying his hips back and forth slowly, gauging her reactions and the way her body moved against his own.

He leaned over, now hooking her knee over his shoulder as he placed his other hand on the bed to assist with his balance. Her free hand slid over to his, and he lowered his head to nuzzle her.

A tentacle slid over to her cock, but she shook her head. "Not yet. Continue as you were." She wiggled against him again, clenching around him.

He obeyed, and slowly increased his rhythm as she became more used to the feel of him within, and was soon panting and moaning in eagerness as he pounded into her, balls slapping against her pussy and inner thigh.

Pain merged with pleasure as he plunged in and out of her, filing her over and over again, seemingly tearing her open every time. But her prostate flooded her consciousness with signals of pleasure, and every now and then several drops of precum would squeeze out. She came near the brink of orgasm several times under the incredible pounding she was getting, and she screamed his name as she finally came, pearly strands of cum exploding out onto her stomach and his chest and tentacles.

He thrust into her almost viciously now, and finally came with a strangled growl, performing several short, shuddering thrusts. His essence filled the space between their joined flesh, and she whined his name as his thrusts slowed, pulling back until he was almost out before slowly pushing back in, further marking her with his cum.

Zande held onto her for several long moments, spasming now and then in the aftershocks. He reached down to lovingly caress her spent cock with one hand, and she arched and shifted under him, clenching around him.
