 In many stories, how it begins is usually the most important part. Adventures can begin with a budding hero being gifted a mystical item or sent on a quest to save the world. Others could begin with something being stolen such as a loved one or precious treasure which must be reclaimed. From a vigilante that keeps the peace outside the law to an outlaw fighting for what is right, all of these are what enthrall people to keep reading.

I also have a story, but sadly it begins slightly...alright very differently from other stories. My story begins with a stubbed toe; you saw right, the turning point in my life culminated with me stubbing my toe on a very hard steel beam. Pretty sad isn't it? But unfortunately it's the truth and it is from there in which the story of Alexander (Alex) Young begins.

Before going on with my story, let's give you folks some background on how I ended up in that situation. I lived a pretty 'normal' childhood and went through school with slightly higher than average grades. I began working around 16 and decided to not go to college due to my small family not being able to support such an endeavor nor were my grades enough for any type of significant scholarship. Skip a couple years and at 20, I was still working at the same company, with a raise or two since my start. With my father's passing the year before I had finally gotten over the last few dregs of grief.

Entering work one day, I overheard whispers but was unable to discern what they were about since they hushed up quickly as I passed by. Paying it no mind, I assumed it to be another rumor going through the grapevine I called a workplace. Just before going to begin working on a new project, my boss pulls me into his office. After a large amount of fluff apologizes and shoddy reasoning, my boss proceeds to tell me of the need to let me go due to the company consolidating a couple positions together. Deciding that my position was one of the many which weren't needed, I was chosen despite my dedicated years of service. I didn't really know how to react, shocked at the news I trotted out of work and took an early bus home.

I was in such a daze that I had almost forgotten to pay the bus fare. Somehow managing to get off at the right stop, I arrived home and walked in sullenly. Throwing my work stuff on the small love seat I headed to my bedroom while loosening my belt. Seeing my bed empty and still wrinkled from getting up in the morning, I flopped on the bed, mentally exhausted. After a couple minutes, I knew that I should try and find another job, but in the middle of the thought my phone rang. Knowing that I had almost no real contacts besides my mother and a couple people from work err ex-work I was confused at who may be calling.

Picking up the phone I heard a female's voice I didn't recognize. "Hello? Is a Mr. Young there?" My brow furrowed in confusion, "Yes, this is he, Is there some kind of issue?"

"We're sorry to inform you that your mother had passed away from an accident earlier this morning. She had yet to be identified until the wreckage could be sorted through. We are calling to see..." I didn't quite remember anything said at that point, I'm sure there were some condolences and legal things concerning my mother's body. However, my heart ached so much I couldn't even cry.

Dropping the phone I left my home in a rush, I had to go somewhere, do something besides think of the pain coursing through my soul. The scars from my father's death that had just healed were ripped open again. I had walked in a daze for a while because I ended up noticing myself at a local bridge. It was much colder than I was clothed for and I was beginning to lose feeling in my fingers and ears. I saw a steel beam and for some reason felt that it was the cause of all that had happened. I kicked the offensive beam, regretting immediately when the pain coursed through my leg.

Sitting down at a small awning of the bridge I tended to my foot. Looking out into the already darkened sky, the lights peppered the scenery and almost made me forget my troubles. I began to think if I had closed the door to my apartment on my way out. Laughing much harder than one should at this time, I'm sure anyone would think of me as crazy. Leaning on my palms, I stared into the darkness. 

"So I'm guessing you had a bad day?"

"You could say that, I frankly don't remember..." I slowly focused upon to the voice, realizing that I hadn't noticed anyone come nearby and frankly didn't think anyone would this late. Seeing him come into view I became even more confused, the man who looked to be in his late 20's or early 30's wore a slightly worn cheap business suit. The oddest thing about this man however was the pure silvery hair on the top of his head. Not a color one could easily obtain through dying and not old age.

Well, there was also the fact that he was floating a few feet in front of me, above the safety of anything to hold him up. And while people may freak out, scream or whatever manner of panic. I just looked with a questioning gaze, shrugged and continued talking.

Looking down at my hands I began. "A few years back my Dad passed away, we were kind of expecting it because he had some issues with some type of liver cancer. But him not being there hit me harder than I thought it would. And then just not too long ago I got 'let go' from a company I've been working for a while. To top it all off my mother dies in an accident of some kind. I guess I wasn't able to take all that bad news at one time. Heh, pretty pathetic from an almost grown man."

"I wouldn't say that, you have gone through what many have not. You obviously cared much for your family or you wouldn't be in so much sorrow at their passing. That and you were still in control enough to not result in harming yourself or others." Looking at my foot he grinned. "Well, except for your toes."

I looked to my left and sitting there was the same middle-aged man in a worn suit. "Huh, so you are real. I wasn't sure with the floating and such."

"Well, not many people tell me their life story when I show up. Most scream, faint or run away."

"Heh, guess I've had a little too many surprises today, why not pile on another one. I kinda enjoyed being able to talk to someone about it though." Offering a hand to the man I shook his hand. "My name is Alex, and what might yours be?"

"Ahhh yes, you can call me Cane. I'll be your principal soon should you accept the invitation."

"Invitation? To what?"

"To my school, of course." Before I could open my mouth Cane continued. "And before you ask, it is a very special school where I personally pick out each student. As for what kind of school it is, let me just say that it is for the magically inclined. I know you must have questions, but they will be answered sometime or another once you get settled. That is, of course, what school is for. Now then, what may your answer be? Will you become a student of my school? " His previous jovial expression suddenly became much more serious. "However I will warn you, this path is one you can absolutely not go back from, and depending on your aptitude the journey will either be a good one or a high chance of getting you killed."

Seeing his expression return to that of a carefree soul, I waited and realized he would say no more. Thinking about it, I had just lost my job and my parents. Didn't have any close relatives or girlfriends. Even if I said no, would I be able to continue on anyway? Probably but it would be tough, the only concern that nagged at my soul was the death of my mother. I had just gotten the rest my father's funeral debt paid off a couple months ago, and thinking of what it would cost to solely pay for another was tremendous. But I couldn't just leave her like that, it would tear my mind apart after a while. 

Looking up at Cane, I had made up my mind. "While I would have gone with you considering what amazing things may happen, I cannot leave without honoring my mom with a proper burial. It won't be very fancy or with a headstone, but I can't leave without doing something."

Despite thinking that this man wouldn't be very happy at the prospect of losing a student, he actually smiled. "A fine answer Mr. Young, had it been anything else I would have denied you. Now I will take care of your mother's passing and pay for a burial that will honor your dedication to your loved ones, of that you have my word."

He reached inside his suit and drew out three items which did not look like they should fit inside his suit. The three items were a book that looked to be 2 or 3 hundred pages long, a staff or walking stick about 4 feet in length, lastly there was a sphere made of what looked to be glass or crystal, it was slightly larger than I could hold in one hand. "Now then, you may have an affinity for magic but that means nothing if you cannot control it. These three objects are something that can help you as such, however, the one that best bonds with you will end up being yours. Touch each object and I'll see how they react."

Seeing as the items were floating in front of me, I had some concern for caution. However, I touched each object with my right hand and none of them really seemed to do anything nor feel anything besides what I could see. Cane had watched closely and pondered curiously at the reactions, these relics all had no resonance with the boy, clearly not enough for a contract. Pondering this, he had remembered one instance and was glad he decided to bring that particular relic along on a whim.

"Well, it looks like none of the relics reacted toward you." My shoulder's dropped slightly at the news. "However...I would like for you to try one last relic. This one is a tad unique and none of my previous students hadn't chosen one of the three previous." Cane stood and his whole arm reached into the suit, looking as if he were searching for something. Cane grabbed a hold of it and drew out what was quickly looking much like a sword. Despite my expectations, both the scabbard and the sword were plain, it was a normal looking sword with a hilt, guard and blade around 4ish feet long, maybe a tad shorter. Despite my obvious confusion at such an object, I oddly felt drawn to the hilt.

Grabbing it tentatively, I took it out of its scabbard and looked at the blade. Cane and I looked, almost as if expecting something to occur. When nothing occurred for a couple moments, we both sighed. Almost too fast to react, the sword burst into flame, giving a shock to the both of us. I couldn't release the sword at all and the flame grew as it looked to almost re-forge the blade before our eyes. As the flame started to wane and eventually disappear in a puff of smoke at the tip, the sword had transformed into a gleaming blade. The hilt felt molded to my hand with a little extra space for what I guessed to be for a little extra power when held in both hands. The guard became more sturdy and ornate, what looked like rubies were actually spherical gems with fires contained within. Lastly the blade itself had thinned in the middle while and much sharper towards the edges. It had actually shrunk slightly and became curved reminiscent of a Japanese Katana. 

Recovering faster than I, Cane nodded and spoke up. "Well, that was more theatrical than usual, however, congratulations Mr. Young, you have bonded to your relic. The more formal stuff comes later so I'll be on my way to take care of your mother's burial. Of course, your parents will be buried next to one another." Sitting up and dusting off his slacks, he offered one last bit of advice before leaving. "Watch your decent, this had gone on longer than I expected so get a good night's rest. Do get to know your partner in the near future."

Just as I was going to question what he had said, the ground beneath me disappeared and I fell to who knows where.

I thought at that instant 'Damn, this is gonna be a long fall'. To my continued surprise, the trip did not last very long if at all. However, I ended up falling from the ceiling, hit a bed and flop on the floor. How do I know this? Because I was currently staring at a ceiling, dazed from the fall. Looking over at my hand, I noticed that I still gripped the sword. Thankful that I had managed to put it in the scabbard before falling into the room.

*So you're to be my partner?*

It took me a bit to realize that the words were not spoken from my mouth nor even thought from my mind. I looked around the spacious room and after seeing nothing too strange, my eyes landed back on the sword.

*Yes, as you may have guessed, I had spoken to your mind as I do not currently have any sort of vocal cords in this form. My name is Embervesent and you are the first one to have become my Manithari.*

"Wow, that's a beautiful name. You can you change your form? Also, I hope I'm not being too nosy but what is a Manithari?"

With what sounded very similar to a light laugh, Ember continued. *While it takes some energy to change and maintain another form, but not much. The sword you hold now is my default form and requires no energy to maintain, should I run out of energy I will revert to that form. As for what a Manithari is, the school will be able to tell you more detail, but it basically means that you are one that has been bound to a magical being through a relic.*

"Huh, is that so? Well, Ember I'm going to sleep. All of this excitement is a bit much for my brain right now, so good night." Crawling into bed, I gently placed Ember leaning against the wall and promptly fell asleep. One last thought passed through my brain before succumbing to sleep.

'Bound Together huh?'