 Having an internal clock is pretty useful. For one you'd need fewer alarms and once you get into the habit of waking up at the time, being able to plan your day around that is useful during times one doesn't have work or whatnot. As for myself, my internal clock was set to around 8 in the morning, enough to take care of my bladder and other morning duties. In the middle of brushing my teeth, I woke up enough to realize that this wasn't my usual cramped bathroom. Peering just above head, there looked to be a mass of fire curled on top of my hair. While I could see it, I wasn't entirely all together and proceeded to freak out. 

"Wha?!" My first reaction was to pat out the flame, but just before I was about to touch the mass of fire it yawned and a small cat-like head popped out.

*Morning Manithari, your up early.* A cat paw rubbed its eyes and yawned again. *I'm not going to burn you if that's what you're thinking, I didn't burn your hand the other night either and won't in the future so don't worry. Now I'm going back to sleep* The head returned into its nestle of fire and I could only stand there.

It took the toothbrush falling into the sink to jolt me back into action. Finishing brushing, I decided to skip washing my face and returned to the room. Browsing the room, I found a couple sets of uniforms and a note on top of one of them. Snatching the paper, I sat on the bed. The note read:

Hello, Alexander Young,

This is Cane, your principal. I would have liked to give you a tour of the school, however, the process with your mother took longer than I had expected. Thus, I am sending one of my senior teachers to be there in my stead. The room you are in now will be yours for your stay at the school and classes will begin a couple days after. Hope you will be acclimated in that time.

I looked back at the clothes and then to what I was wearing. While my clothes weren't all too dirty, I supposed that uniform is a uniform for a reason. The bottom portion was a sturdy looking pair of black slacks, but the material felt much like jeans. Aside from the lack of belt loops, it was a pretty normal looking pair of pants. Not noticing anything in the form of underwear, I was thankful the pair I had been wearing were fresh. However, the top portion of the uniform was slightly different from what I was used to. The shirt was a deep crimson, it was long sleeved and looked to be long enough on the torso to be tucked into the pants. Oddly though, there was a black band on both sleeves just above the elbow. As I was putting on the shirt and wrapped my arm around the band, the sleeve suddenly disappeared up until the band. Trying again with the other sleeve resulted in the same.

It was around then when a knock sounded and woke me from my shock. "Hello? This is Jade, one of the teachers here. Please wake, we have a couple things to do today."

"Ahhh, I am already awake. You may come in if you'd like, just putting on these new clothes."

Entering the room after a small pause was a fairly 'normal' looking teacher. Despite my wild imagination of a slightly pudgy woman with a witch hat and wand; the woman before me looked a tad taller than my own self (5 foot 3 inches), auburn hair to about her shoulders and a light figure without being gangly. Most notable about her appearance was the accompany of a bright green parrot of some sort and piercing sea-green eyes. Holding a clipboard and pen, she looked at me curiously, not at all surprised by the ball of flame atop my head.

Seeing my fiddling of the clothing, Jade went on to explain. "Ahhh yes, the shirt band, as you have found out, can remove the material on and past the elbow by turning the band clockwise, for magical and physical practices that I will explain later. To make them reappear just turn the band counter-clockwise. Also, it wicks away sweat which you will be thankful for in the future. As for the pants, they are slightly resistant to elemental magics and help reduce lactic acid buildup in your legs. Lastly the jacket has a thin layer of heat regulating crystals woven into the fabric which helps with survival tests and is something you should try not to lose outside of school premises as they are quite tedious to create. Aside from one jacket that is provided the other pieces are fairly easy to wash or replace. If you have questions you may ask them during the tour and I'll see if I can answer them. Now as for your relic, may I see it's basic form, please?"

"Huh?" After she pointed towards Ember I remembered that they were called the same by Cane. Hesitantly petting the fire on my head, I asked the sleepy cat. "Sorry to bother your nap, but can you return to being a sword?" Replying with a small nod, the flame collapsed and crawled into my hand and forged itself into the sword and scabbard.

Jade's expression changed to that of surprise for an instant, then began writing a couple notes down on the clipboard while mumbling to herself. "Well then, I may have to change your schedule around but let's get the tour started shall we? Also bring the jacket, it's a tad chilly today."

Noticing that the conversation was over, Ember proceeded to turn back into a cat and settle on the top of my noggin. "You really like being a cat huh? And my head of all things?"

*Well, all of us that are bound to relics need to recover our energy at first. Plus your head is cozy and I noticed you've wanted a cat, so when I tried out the form I ended up loving it. Now back to sleep, enjoy your tour and don't worry about me falling off* With another audible yawn, the cat fell asleep.

With a laugh the teacher smiled, "Looks like you have quite the handful."

Dawning the jacket, I shrugged. "It's not too bad, Ember isn't heavy at all and it's actually kinda warm. Just hope other people don't think my head is on fire and try to put it out or something."

Jade laughed and smiled. "Initially I wasn't so keen on touring you around for the day, but this is is looking to be quite enjoyable. Oh, forgive me, I do not know your name."

"My name is Alexander Young, Alex for short. If you don't mind me asking, what should I address you as? Being a teacher and all."

"Jade is fine, there really isn't a system for those who teach like doctorates or something similar. Of course it will depend on the teacher more than anything else. However people with magical abilities do have a gradient in which to measure their powers and achievements, but that doesn't really come with ranks per say. While some students will naturally be stronger than others, generally the staff is stronger than that of the students, with the principal of course higher than all of us. Well before we use up anymore time, let's get this tour started."

Nodding I followed beside Jade. We first went outside the building and Jade explained that the fairly large building served as the living quarters of all the students, having separate wings for females and males. There was no rule against couples but they needed to gain rights to a room in the third wing to be able to stay in one room together. Obtaining those rights depended on the principal mostly so not many knew the requirements needed. Other than couples the third wing had a couple other benefits but Jade really didn't go into detail.

Next stop was at the a look at the school. At first the building looked like any other school with classrooms and the like. However the cafeteria was much more high-class than I though It'd be. Much like one of the headquarters of the company I had visited once for a business trip. The eating area was set up in multiple stations which offered a variety of different foods and people would pick and choose and pay for the meal at the end. Interestingly the various stations were created and manned by some of the older students which is why there were many different cuisines to choose from.

As for currency each student was given an allowance of sorts that could be increased through various means but was largely up to the principal in the end. The money earned would be able to use towards purchasing food to supplies for training and even aesthetic items.

Lastly we went outside the school building and behind the building was a sight that shocked me speechless. In front of me was what looked to be a Colosseum, I had not personally seen the one in Rome, however this building was colossal, no pun intended. While the school itself was much larger than any that I've seen, this Colosseum easily was larger. There was a curved wall which i assumed to form around to make a circle. The building itself was made from some type of light tan stone, on the bottom floor there was a huge arch which seemed to be the entrance. On the upper floors were what looked to be windows but with no glass and also in the form of arches. Jade explained that while we were not allowed to enter the building at the moment, it was used to train the students in various ways. The building was called The Crucible, and not only was the space larger than a baseball stadium, it could change the grounds within to several different environments. 

That being the end of the tour, Jade and I made our way back to the dorm rooms. Exhausted despite having just walked around, I happily flopped onto the bed.

Seemingly unaffected by everything, Jade smiled at my actions. "Well than Alex, how was the tour and do you have any questions before I'm off?"

Lifting myself up on my elbows, one question burned at the back of my mind. Okay many questions were in my noggin, but one more than the others. "I have thousands of questions actually, but I'll leave it at one for now. Seeing how big this place is, where are the other students? We had been walking around for a bit and I haven't seen anyone."

"Oh I completely forgot, it is usually pretty lonely at these times but I had gotten so caught up in showing you around I didn't notice. You know how the principal hand selects students right?" I just nod. "Well because of that the school is was built to accommodate a large amount of students. And at first the amount of students were low, throughout the centuries the student body got larger. But this school is built in a place of its own. It's kind of hard to describe correctly but the simplest way to think of this space would be a pocket dimension, and thus there is other pocket spaces. I won't go into detail about the others since it should be explained in classes, but there is a fairly larger space in which houses the commercial area and such. That is where the other students and most of the staff are at the moment, I was on rotation to keep track of the school and I guess to show you around. As for when they will be back, it should be in the next couple days.

As per schedule, there is about a 5 week time in which we do several things than repeats. The schooling period is around 3 weeks, 1 week of a of self study to do missions or events held by the schools, lastly the 5th week is a break of sorts where the students travel to the commercial district." Jade's eyes went out of focus a bit as if she were thinking or hearing something inside her head. "Well I hope you have somewhat gotten used to the school and I'll see you in class, I teach history. I'd love to stay and chat but I have some things to take care off before the other students arrive." And with that Jade and her parrot left the room.

Flopping back onto the bed my head swirls with all that I had seen and learned. It was all very new and surreal, so much so I thought I would wake up in the old world several times. Removing the jacket and laying, err throwing it with the other sets of uniforms I wiggled into the sheets. Feeling something curl up into the crook of my arm, I lifted the blanket and saw Ember still very much a cat. "Whoa, I almost forgot you were there for all of today. If you sleep so much you'll become a very lazy cat you know."

Ember's head popped up and glared at me, and while the expression was not very intimidating she was still a fire cat. Holding out a paw she lightly touched my nose. Despite being what she was the paw felt much like that of a cat. *Little one, you and I have just met. While I cannot tell of the future I am glad to have been bound to one such as you. You have such a noble heart and while you may need to harden it for trials to come, I'm sure we can get through it together. Besides you have me at your side and no matter what you may choose to do or become, I will be by your side. I am your sword and you are my Manathari. Now then let us both get some rest, you look more tired than I.*

Smiling, I pet Ember a couple times and warmth radiated from my soul. This moment, despite everything was one of the best things that had ever happened to me. I hadn't realized just how miserable I was not a couple hours ago. Looking up at the ceiling I imagined my parents back together somewhere urging me to let go and run for my own future. I closed my eyes and felt the warmth in my heart drift me off to sleep.

I didn't exactly know when I had woken up, but I found myself sitting upon that fateful bridge again. Cold pierced my entire body, clothed in not nearly enough for the chilling night. So sure that the magic school was a reality, I laughed in a somber tone. I cursed myself for being so stupid, I mean a school for magic? I probably came out here and fell asleep, not my smartest move but I suppose wasn't thinking too clearly at the time.

With the horizon beginning to turn purple, I knew it would only be a couple hours until sunrise. Trying to get up I realized that my body responded sluggishly and my muscles resisted the urge to function.

*What a shame, I was hoping that you would be more impressive, taller even. You're but yet a child that has yet to see the truth of the world you have been brought into.*

Spinning around but forgetting the state my body was in, I stumbled to the ground. In a voice so weak I barely recognized it as my own, I spoke out to the imposing voice. "Wha...what are you talking about? Who...are you?"

*Pitiful, you will be but another insect beneath the tide that is about to engulf your new world. Struggle with all your might, because when my Razirq arrive it will be so disappointing if there is no sport in the conquering. Even with the Elemental Queen you will fail, just as you had failed your parents. " With an fading echo the voice laughed and eventually disappeared. 

With a voice exploding in fury I rose up from my straining body and shouted. "You don't know me! I will not be accused as the cause of my parents deaths, I have and always will cherish their memory! And your taunts will not sway my heart, I do not know who or what you are but do not come back!" Despite my invigorated state, my body could not keep up and I tripped once again, tipping over the awning and falling into the cold river.

Jolting upright in the bed, I was sweating terribly, my muscles tense. I was angrier than I had ever been in my life. However no matter how much I tried, the odd dream seemed to slip through the cracks in my fists as I tried to grasp what exactly had happened. Shortly after waking I only remembered a couple key words 'Elemental Queen' and 'Razirq'; that and the overwhelming desire to train.

Feeling a pawing at my leg, Ember spoke. *Manathari? Is everything alright? I saw that you were shaking and started to sweat a lot? Your emotions seemed to be in turmoil as well.*

Petting Ember I was able to calm down slightly and gather thoughts. I knew I had to tell someone about this but didn't know who to tell. "Ember, do you know anything of an Elemental Queen? Or the name Razirq? I just had a bad dream or something and it seemed to be pretty important."

*Hmmm I have not yet fully awakened with all the memories of my past self, however the title Elemental Queen seems familiar. Other than that no, I'd suggest you ask for guidance from this schools principal, he seems like a fellow who might know. I'm sorry not being able to know more.*

"No, you gave me a good way to get some possible answers. Thank you Ember." Scratching behind her ears I got up from bed and got dressed in a new set of cloths. Right as I opened the door to head out, I almost face planted into Jade standing outside.

Thankful that we hadn't actually crashed into one another I took a step back. "Hello Jade. Sorry about that, I didn't expect you to be out here."

Recovering from the slight shock better than I, Jade waved it off. "It's okay, I didn't expect you to be up this early. You look a little flustered this morning, everything alright?"

"I had a bad dream, nothing to worry about. I was actually just going out to find you. Do you per chance know how to get into contact with Cane? I would like to talk to him about something."

With a perplexed look, Jade tilted her eyes up thinking. "I'm not sure if he is back yet, but I can lead you to his office where he usually resides. Follow me please."

With Ember deciding to walk besides us this time, we headed towards the school building. Oddly enough as we were traveling the various hallways, we entered the large library. Now I've been to a couple public libraries in my day and while none of them were too huge this room easily dwarfed them all. There were rows of shelves filled with various books and tomes of what subjects I couldn't even begin to imagine. The room was structured in a way that didn't seem cramped and allowed for studying and even had two spiral staircases leading to a second floor. Being as this school was a three tiered building, I was surprised that this much of it was dedicated to the library.

Going up one of the staircases we moved past a couple rows of shelves and facing us was a sturdy wooden door with a large amount of inscriptions on the boarder. Jade knocked on the door and whispered something I couldn't hear. After a couple moments the door was opened by a man who looked like an elite of elite butlers. Cane sat behind a desk with all manner of books and paperwork on it with his jovial expression.

"Ahhh welcome Mr. Young, what brings you to my office? Please sit; Walter if you don't mind bringing us some refreshments? Would you like coffee or tea?"

Jade excused herself, saying that she had some other work to get done. Thanking her before she left I sat down in one of the comfy looking chairs. "Oh sure, Black Tea with a bit of sugar if you have it. Ember you want something?" She sat in my lap and shook her head no.

Cane nodded towards Walter. "Fantastic choice, I shall have the same. Now then Mr. Young, what would you like to tell me? I'm sure you wouldn't come here without a reason."

Thanking Walter for the fragrant cup of tea, I placed it on the small table beside the chair. "Yes actually, I wasn't sure if this meant anything or not, I just had a eerily realistic nightmare and while I don't remember the most of it, there are a few things I have remembered that don't make any sense to me. I was wondering if you would know more." Cane nodded for me to continue. "Of what I remember is only two phrases, Elemental Queen and Razirq. "

Immediately after hearing those words Cane lost his jovial smile and in its place was an expression of deep thought. He looked towards Walter and whispered something to the butler. Making his departure shortly after, Walter bowed and headed out of the room. "Don't mind him, he is just on an errand for the moment." Cane blew on his own cup before sipping the hot liquid. "As for the name Razirq I do not know for certain, I will look into it."

Looking up as if to remember something long forgotten, Cane took another sip of tea and began. "There is a very old tale concerning The Elemental Queen; in the tale multiple Queens exist, three to be exact. There are the Queens of Fire, Ice, and Shadow. Each Queen holds great power by themselves, but specialize in one facet of battle. Because of such the Queens are very secluded from other entities even the ones they control; which in turn makes information about them slim at best. However the tale also states that should the three Queens work in concert with one another has the potential to be of unrivaled strength. Of course being as a tale it cannot be verified of any facts, however there is one interesting clue as to its truth. The Queens only can be unlocked by one with no affinity with magic at all. Also that person can only use the special relics, one held by each of the school's principal. I know them personally, and they will not give them away for a mere dream. The only way in which you may able to obtain them would be through a contest held by the each school. You're in luck, our school has just finished our contest, which is why the other students are on break. The other two schools should be hosting their tournaments within 5 and 10 weeks time."
