 It took me four days to fully recover from my winning round on the virtual game show Boundary Busters. My body was unharmed, in fact it was well cared for and rested but somehow the experience I had gone through in my mind, fighting for my life and being repeated raped by huge amphibian monsters, left me feeling exhausted and depressed. 

I ignored all my messages, except for my mother, who thought I had been on a shoot in some remote location, which was sort of true. On day four I finally took a call from my agent.

"Emma! I've been trying to get you for days."

"I know. I've been resting up. Not taking calls."

"But babe," (I hate being called babe) "you're a huge success. Your ratings went through the roof... over 20 million at the end and your fight with those monsters.. right now it's one of the ten most downloaded Crown-cast clips in the entire world." 

Sounds impressive, I know, but you have to remember that crown-casting technology was still pretty much limited to affluent countries with advanced tech... less than 3% of the world's billions. I wasn't sure how I felt about my success nor what the consequences would be. 

I tried to sound enthusiastic. "Ah... that's great... I guess."

"You guess!?! The BB producers are over the moon. They want you to do another episode as soon as possible."

"Hmm... I'll have to think about it."

"OK babe, but don't think too long. Right now you're super hot property. I can negotiate a killer deal for you."

Of course my agent wanted me to do make another Crown-cast. He had made a small fortune out of my last outing and stood to make much more. In fact by the time he had taken his share and the government had taxed me heavily, nearly half my hard earned money was gone. I had paid off my student debt and of course given generous gifts to my mom and my friends. There was still a bit left but I certainly wasn't a rich bitch rolling in cash. 

The money I'd earn from another performance would take me from being financially OK to being comfortably wealthy. But it wasn't just the money that inclined me to do it again. My last Crown- cast hadn't been all bad. Visiting another world was exciting and my sexual encounter with Rosey had been very pleasurable indeed. (I discovered later that I had become a celebrity in the lesbian community). The fight with the fraggas had been terrifying and horrible, but I had won which was extremely satisfying. Nothing in my regular life came close to the intense adrenaline rush of battling those monsters who planned to use me as their breeding cow and then their lunch.

I was well aware that if I agreed to do another show the producers would escalate the action. It would be more intense, more challenging. I had no doubt that there would be more sex and more violence and both would be more extreme. This should have put me off the whole idea but instead it excited me. 

There was also the matter of public exposure. Millions of people had now seen me naked. They had not only watched me but also experienced all my sensations as I climaxed on the back of a giant dog, made love to a pretty girl in a hot mineral pool and was repeatedly fucked by fraggas. This was way beyond embarrassing. How could I go out in public now? I was nervous about being recognized after I did the Sexercise Crown-cast and the audience for that was comparatively tiny. 

(In fact it turned out that this wasn't a problem. People thought of me as a strikingly sexy warrior princess. When I went out in ratty old jeans and a hoodie, with my hair tied back, no one gave me a second look.) 

As I thought about my exposure I found myself becoming distinctly turned on. Ever since puberty I've been a bit of a an exhibitionist. At school I'd always wear my skirts a little too short and maybe undo a button or two on my shirt. One of the reasons I enjoyed drama so much was that it gave me a chance to display myself on stage. Of course there was no real exposure but one part I played called for an on stage kiss. Very exciting! I also made the most of some of the dance costumes and cheer leading outfits which were a bit revealing. 

Once, when I had just turned eighteen and was on holiday I was walking a track that circled a small lake. The track was surrounded by dense pine forest and there was no one about. I started feeling very horny which was common for me back then and not uncommon for me now. Daringly I stripped off all my clothes and stood there on the track with my lithe teen body completely on display. I hid my clothes behind a tree stump and began to walk away from them, further and further along the track. The greater the distance between me and my clothes the more vulnerable and exposed I felt and the more aroused I became. Part of me was terrified of being seen and another part was thrilled by the possibility of being exposed to strangers. 

After what seemed like ages but was probably only five minutes of walking naked through the pine trees the sexual tension became too much. I lay down in the middle of the track and opened my legs wide. I began to play with myself. I was already so wet that my pussy was dripping. My lubricated fingers on my clit and entering my vagina felt incredible. In a remarkably short time I was cumming, gasping and shuddering with the most powerful orgasm of my life. 

As I calmed down the risk of what I had done hit me with a huge wave of remorse. Near panic I sprinted back to my clothes, dressed as fast as I could then hurried back to the motel where my mother and I were staying. I've never done anything quite that blatant again, well at least until I starred in Sexercise, but I've often thought back on the intense excitement I felt exposing myself like that and fantasized about what could have happened if a bus load of tourists with cameras turned up and other scenarios. 

Sorry. All that was a major side track but I wanted to demonstrate that I've had an exhibitionist streak for a very long time and I'm sure that played a major part in my decision to participate in another round of Boundary Busters. 

My agent and the producers were delighted by my decision. This time I didn't have to go through weeks of intensive training. A couple of days of testing and preparation and I was ready to go. Once again I was gently strapped on to a comfortable, high tech bed. I was blindfolded and a more complex version of a Crown-caster was placed on my head. 

How can you have the sensation of a door shutting behind you when there's no sound and no door? 

My wondering was interrupted by a blinding flash of lightning accompanied by a reverberating rumble of thunder, so loud it hit me like a blow. Seconds later it started to rain, heavily. I ran to a tree beside the road to gain some shelter and my bearings.

I was standing beside a cobbled road in a dense forest. I was a bit worried about standing under this tree in case the tree and I were struck by one of the frequent lighting flashes but I figured there were trees all round me and the producers of the game weren't going to take me out with a godlike lightning bolt so early in the story before they'd had a chance to test my limits with fear, pain and humiliation. 

This time I wasn't wearing my Xena outfit and disappointingly, I didn't have my swords. I also didn't have the bracelets that showed my rating and arousal levels. These were still being monitored but I found out later that this venture into the mind multiverse was supposed to be much more immersive. I was supposed to forget that I was part of program and lose myself entirely in the show giving my followers a more authentic experience. 

All I had on was a long, drab peasant skirt and a loose white blouse which was now soaking wet and clinging to my skin, almost transparent. I wasn't wearing a bra and could clearly see my cold nipples poking through the thin fabric. Fortunately I was wearing a cloak which I gathered round me. While it was also wet it at least provided some warmth. On my feet I was wearing was a pair of simple cloth boots. The word buskins leaped to mind.

As I looked up from my rustic footwear I saw a huge creature running down the road towards me. A moment of tummy churning panic was replaced by delight. The enormous dog bearing down on me was actually Augustus Maximillian Cannisimus the third, commonly known as Gus, my doggy friend from my first quest. Gus came bounding up to me and spoke in his incredibly deep rumbling voice ...

"Ems! You look like a drowned rat." 

"And you smell like a wet dog." I threw my arms as far around his massive neck and hugged him 

"Climb aboard Ems... your carriage awaits."

Gus crouched down on the rain slick road and I climbed up on the back of his neck. He rose smoothly to his feet. I could feel his muscles bunching as he began to run up the road. I scrunched down as low as possible but it was still a cold, wet, windy, unpleasant ride. Gus ran on and on, along the seemingly endless forest road, until even his amazing stamina failed and he needed a break. He stopped where a stream ran close to the road, where he drank noisily then flopped down to recover his strength. 

I needed to pee so I wandered off to find a bit of privacy. I felt too embarrassed to squat down and pee in front of Gus. I should emphasize at this point that my virtual experience was totally convincing. Most of the time I forgot that I was in a computer generated world and not reality. My body felt entirely real. Right now it was cold and wet, My bladder felt full and my stomach, empty. There was no sense that this was a Matrix type illusion that I could somehow manipulate and change. My reality was the forest and my bodily discomfort. 

I couldn't get dry and had nothing to eat but at least I could relieve myself. I found a small clearing a little way from the stream, squatted down, raised my sopping skirt and let loose a strong, warm stream. I was still in mid flow when I heard a loud rustling in the undergrowth behind me. I turned my head and there in my clearing was a huge, black, hairy boar. Its small dark eyes were fixed on me. Its tusks were large, sharp and savage. Its shoulders were taller than I am and it weighed far more. Clearly I had invaded its territory and it wasn't going to let the intruder survive. 

With an ear splitting squeal of rage the boar charged at me. I dived to one side but the boar's coarse flank slammed into me, sending me sprawling. I tried to roll to my feet but they caught in my long skirt while the boar turned rapidly and came at me again, bristling with rage. There was no way I could evade its charge. 

With a rumbling roar Gus leaped into the fight, slamming into the boar just before it reached me, driving it off its trotters. They rolled over and over several times, Gus snarling and snapping his powerful jaws, the boar squealing and slashing with his tusks. 

They separated. Gus stood between me and the boar, panting and bleeding from his neck. The boar was struggling to stand on three legs, its fourth maimed by Gus' teeth, foam frothing from its mouth. Gus let loose with several thunderous, ferocious growling barks. Huge and horrific as the boar was, Gus was bigger and scarier. The boar turned as quickly as it could and limped back into the forest. 

I hugged Gus and kissed his jowly face. 

"Thank you Gus... thank you so much."

"I'm sorry Ems, I should never have let that big bastard get so close to you..."

"Gus, you just saved my life. And you're bleeding."

Gus and I went back to the stream. I tore a strip off the bottom of my already ripped skirt, soaked it in the clean water and washed out his wounds. They weren't deep but the boar's tusk were filthy and I made sure that there was no dirt or contagion left in the two slashes. Gus put up with the painful process stoically, without a whimper. I could say he bore it well, but that would be an awful pun in the circumstances. 

Gus insisted that he was still OK to carry me so we carried on, not as quickly as before but still much faster than I could run. The light was failing and it was growing dark under the trees. When we finally reached the village it was night and the all the houses and shops were locked and shuttered. There was no sign of welcome as Gus and I walked through the cobbled streets. 

I thought about my mission which was similar to my last one. The towns and villages in this area were being terrorized but not by amphibian monsters, rather by one demon, a demon lord in fact. 

My job was to find, confront and defeat this demon, sending him back to hell. The only problem being I had no idea how I was going to do it. Last time I had my swords and ridiculous, revealing armor. This time I had what I was wearing, a thin, damp blouse and a ripped, dirty skirt. No weapons. I didn't even have the slight comfort of underwear. 

Gus and I reached the far side of the village and came to a fork in the road by a fast, dark river. One of the forks ran alongside the river, the other led to a stone bridge. On the other side of the bridge was an island with the river flowing around it and on the island was a tall, craggy castle. It was a gothic cliché, all turrets with spiky spires, bulky battlements and narrow windows cut in the thick stone walls but at least there was bright light coming from those windows, unlike the houses in the village. It was starting to rain again and it was very cold. The castle seemed like the only option. 

As we walked across the bridge there was a flash of lightning and a rolling crackle of thunder. It was like a scene from an old time horror movie. In front of us, set into natural stone were two massive, iron bound doors. They were shut tight. I tried knocking but I made no impression on the thick wood. I pounded the doors with both fists and shouted. A punchline from a corny old joke jumped into my mind. "You wouldn't turn away a knight on a dog like this." Maybe you had to be there. Still nothing. Gus barked loudly. A slot slid open then after a pause I could hear bolts being drawn. 

The doors were swung open by two big men wearing black leather pants and jerkins. They looked almost identical, well over six foot tall, completely bald and very fat. Behind them was a large stable, dry and warmed by a blazing fire. 

One of the big men spoke to me. 

"The dog stays down here. You go to the front door." He pointed with a pudgy hand to my right 

"I'd rather stay with Gus."

The man blocked my way. "You go the front door. You expected."

Gus turned back to me. "Go ahead Em. It's this or we freeze."

I wasn't given much option as the huge doors slammed in my face. To the right and up a slope was a long flight of steps. I clambered up, soaked, tired and frightened. The castle towered above me. I wanted to turn and run. As I reached the front door it swung open. Another of the big men, better dressed than the other two but otherwise identical, bowed low as I entered and closed the door behind me. 

The entrance hall couldn't have been more of a contrast to the exterior. It was brightly lit and mostly white marble. A gracious staircase curved up on the right. In spite of the lofty ceiling it was pleasantly warm with some rich wall hangings adding a touch of color. A man was walking towards me and what a man! Tall, dark and handsome and when I say dark I mean his skin was a very dark chocolate... at least 80% cocoa. 

He bowed to me... not deeply like the doorman, just a slight inclination of his head. I bowed back. I didn't know what else to do. Maybe I should have curtsied but I don't know how. I've never curtsied in my life. I already felt embarrassed, acutely aware of my bedraggled appearance and my ripped and dirty clothing. 

The man smiled with a flash of white teeth. "Emma Wright welcome to my castle. I am Lord Ascivius... at your service." Again he gave the little bow. "I regret that you had such an arduous journey. If you will allow Marie here to escort you to your room you can bathe and dress, then join me for dinner. You must be ravenous."

"Thank you so much, Lord Asciv..."

"Ascivius but if you just refer to me as Milord... it's much easier. Now I mustn't keep you here shivering. You must get out of those wet things and into a hot bath. Marie take Lady Emma to her room." 

As I followed Marie up the starts I couldn't help glancing back. Ascivius hadn't moved and was watching me intently. He smiled and like a silly schoolgirl I waved. 

Marie was tiny, not much over four feet tall and struggled with the stairs. She was wearing a traditional maid's outfit on her slight body. Her hair was a mousey color, in fact everything about her reminded me of a mouse but a mouse would have made more noise. Marie never spoke a word.. Perhaps she was mute or forbidden to speak but she did take very good care of me. 

My room was wonderful, spacious and luxurious. There was a canopied four poster bed and deep white fur rugs. A fire was blazing and in front of the fire was one of those deep old fashioned metal baths. I gladly stripped off my wet clothes and climbed in cautiously. The water was hot but once I was used to the temperature it was so relaxing. 

Marie added perfumed bath salts to the bath and extra jugs of hot water to keep it luxuriously hot. She washed and rinsed my long hair then finally indicated that I should get out of the bath and stand in front of the fire where she dried me with large, thick towels. I wrapped one of these towels around me while Marie brushed my hair until it shone, then arranged it in a loose braid. From a large wardrobe she brought me something to wear... a fabulous ball gown.. It was a red so deep it almost looked black. The fabric glistened as though it was wet. Marie helped me put it on. It was a perfect fit, clinging to all my curves. The gown was full length but one side was slit all the way up to the top of my left hip. 

The neck line was low, plunging down between the swell of my breasts. It was held up by two thin strings over my shoulders. 

I was conscious that this gown revealed much more leg and cleavage than any garment I owned and also that no underwear had been provided. With the cut of the dress panties and a bra would have been visible. The cloth moved sensuously on my skin. Marie brought me a pair of gorgeous strappy sandals in a shade of red that matched the dress perfectly. She knelt down and put them on my feet. The heels were about four inches high. I don't often wear high heels and these were near the limit of my balancing ability. Next Marie locked a bracelet onto each wrist. They were made of smooth, shiny black metal, encrusted with stones that may have been rubies but I think were actually garnets. 

I looked at myself in a full length mirror and I have to say I looked stunning. The gown hugged my athletic figure and I felt grateful that my legs were toned, my tummy flat and my breasts buoyant. 

Something was missing though. Surely there should be a necklace with this outfit but I could hardly complain. Even at the most glamorous red carpet event I would have stood out. 

Marie led me back down the stairs and into the grand dining hall. It was like something out of a Disney movie. A table forty feet long at least, covered with silverware and crystal. Chandeliers blazing with hundreds of candles. Massive fireplaces on both sides of the hall. 

Lord Ascivius left his seat at the head of the table and strode to where I was standing, overwhelmed. He was wearing an immaculate tuxedo and seemed even more handsome than when we met earlier. He bent to kiss my hand then led me to my seat beside him. 

"My dear Emma, you look breathtakingly beautiful." 

"Thank you so much ...Lord Ascivius... for the dress and the bedroom and all this..."

"Think nothing of it my dear. It gives me great pleasure to gift thee with delights."

I know there were other guests at the table but I can remember none of their faces and I don't believe that I spoke with anyone other than Lord Ascivius. I don't really remember the food either. There was champagne with the lobster and a fabulous red with the venison but all I can really recall is his face, his laughter, his wit and intelligence, his dark eyes fixed on me, holding me. 
