 Hey guys this is my first story. I hope you like it. Tell me what you think. <3

*****

Tamara Roylands or Tam for short was walking on Main Road on her way home from the gym when she heard a muffled scream coming from the next alley she was about to pass. She always avoided alleys so she wouldn't end up being one of those muffled screams.

Tam stayed five blocks from the gym. She worked at the gym during the day where she teaches martial arts, kick boxing, bare-knuckle boxing and Russian fist fighting and during the night she trains on her own, enjoying what she could do. Every night she remembers why she does this and that's what gives her hope to wake up every day and do what she wants to do.

As she passed the alley she heard something sag to the floor. As she looked into the alley she saw somebody standing in the middle of the alley. With a street lamp a few feet from her she could see only little but made out that it was a woman. With little she could make out she could see the woman stood at 6feet maybe more, half a feet longer than Tam. There seemed to be a thick liquid dripping from her lips with an animalistic expression on her face but what caught Tam's attention was the woman's eyes, they were red and the only reason she could see them in the dim light was because they were glowing. At the woman's feet laid a body of a man. As she looked at the woman's surroundings she saw another woman who looked about a foot shorter with the same color eyes but this woman was smiling... at her.

She knew it was time to go. With her first step she felt a breeze blow past her and in a flash the smiling woman stood in front of her. Tam knew this wasn't good or save. Her thoughts were racing. 'How could she move so fast?' , 'what is this?' , 'I have to get out of here.' , 'I could probably take her if I...' Her thoughts were interrupted and answered by the tall woman's voice behind her. 

"Don't evan think about attacking little girl. Pam let's go." The tall woman said to her friend. "Little girl?' , 'yeah pam listen to mommy and go...' Tam couldn't evan finish her thought when she was grabbed by the short woman named Pam and pressed against the wall with a hand firmly wrapped around her neck, preventing her from breathing. As soon as she hit the wall, she fell to the ground when Pam was pulled off of her.

"What the fuck Chris?" You heard what she said." Pam said loudly and tried another attempt to get to Tam but was pushed away by the other woman named Chris. 'Heard?' , 'I never even spoke, wait...' She stopped quickly and looked at them. "Another day little girl." Chris said. 'Another day?' , "stop calling me little girl," she started but then remembered they could here what she thought and froze, 'shit sorry.' Chris smiled and spoke again, "Pam do you know who this is?" Pam looked crestfallen at Tam and asked softly.

"Tamara Roylands?"

"Wait how'd you?"

"Chris do you mean...?" Pam started but didn't have to finish when Chris nodded her head yes.

"Tamara Roylands we will meet again. Until then if you need us whisper either of our names. Goodbye." And gone. Tam didn't know which way they went though it looked like up. This was to weird. She ran the last two blocks to her home, unaware that she was being followed. When she got inside her apartment she locked the door and leaned against it as if someone was trying to push it open.

"Why so jumpy?" Came her roommates voice. Tam almost jumped out of her skin.

"What the fuck!?" She said and her roommate was starting to worry.

"Tam what...?" He began but Tam held up her hand to silence him and started to cry. She didn't know why but she felt the adrenaline was starting to fade and now it was just the normal insecure unstable Tam that she was.

"Tammy baby. Come here." Her roommate sat down on the couch and held out his had for Tam to sit on his lap. They always did this. Whenever one of them isn't feeling well or happy the other would try their best to cheer the other up.

"Zack you should have seen what had happened. I can't believe it. It felt like one of my mothers stories were coming true." They both tensed a little when Tam's mother was brought up but this time they knew they had to talk because of the stories.

"What... Uh... What do you mean hon? The night stories?" Zack knew this was serious. 

When Tam was a baby before her life turned upside down her mother used to tell her stories of a lost person and that people are looking for her. Some bad and some good. This person was very important because she had magical abilities. Only two people in the whole world could have these magical abilities. The tutor and the learner. The tutor would disappear as soon as the learner became the master and the new master would choose the new learner for the next world. Tam's mother was murdered before she turned eight and she couldn't hear the rest of the story. After four attempts to kill Tam, her father decided to put her into 'hiding'. He gave her a new life but one she had to start on her own. From the age of sixteen she was looking after herself. She didn't have to fight to live because her father made sure she had enough to survive but the streets was a dangerous place to be at night. She met Zack when he helped her and protected her form three men who were trying to kidnap her. Since then they were best buds.

Zack held Tam as she explained what had happened and he thought of Pam and Chris. They were good guys but he couldn't break his cover with Tam. He needed to protect her. Pam and Chris will be back. He loved Tam with all his heart and would protect her with his life but he couldn't tell her yet. She wasn't ready. She wasn't.

"Baby girl. I think we need to go and dance. You know you love to dance and you know with me around nobody would hurt you." Tam didn't even think of objecting. She was scared, she'd admit that, but she couldn't be alone with her thoughts. She just nodded and went to her room to get dressed.

After ten minutes of finishing up she went to the kitchen to get water but the whole time she felt like some one was watching her through a window or something. She thought about Chris the whole time. Protecting her from Pam. "What is happening?" She whispered to herself.

"What's happening is us going out. You want to go?" Zack came from his room dressed as he always were... Gorgeous. He had a ocean blue dress shirt on tucked into his black jeans and his blazer around his broad shoulders. Zack was a big man. He stood a 6.8feet and weigh 200pounds and none consisted of any body fact. He had intimate blue eyes and short black hair always done stylish.

Tam just stared at him. How did she find this man on the streets? He was beautiful and she was... Not!!

"Stop that. I know that face. You are gorgeous and we are going to have and awesome night." Zack said walking up to their apartment door and opening the door but froze in mid-step when a familiar face stood staring at him.

"What's wrong? Is someone there?" Tam saw Zack's movement and knew something was up. As she walked up to the door her heart fell to the floor and she had a lump in her throat. It was Chris, beautiful Chris. 'Stop that.' But no Pam. 'Why is she here?'

"Questions later. I need to talk to you." Chris said entering the apartment.

"What? Me? Why?" Tam asked confused. She watched Chris as she moved passed them both and looked around in the apartment.

"Not you," she said turning her attention towards Zack, "you." 

'What?' , 'does Zack know her?'.

"You haven't told her?" Chris raised her voice at Zack a little and Tam wanted to stand up for him but also wanted to know what was going on.

"No and looks like I have to now, your a real bitch you know that. Just because I got this job doesn't mean you have to spoil everything." Zack was mad. 'Zack never got mad.' , 'what is happening and what job?'

"Listen their moving in. We need to move. You can bitch about everything when she's save." Chris looked at Tam and talked to her soothingly to keep Tam's temper low. "Okay Tamara I know you don't have a clue to what's happening and at this point its saver for you but I need you to come with me. We have to get out of here, now." Just as Chris finished they all heard a high pitch scream from outside the apartment and the windows shattered as the scream kept on going. The three of them were forced to press their hands to their ears as they fell to their knees.

Tears were in Tam's eyes of the stinging pain in her ears but through her teary vision she saw three things jump through the windows. 

They weren't human. Not by a long shot. The screaming stopped and she realized she was the only one on her knees. Zack and Chris both laid on the ground still covering their ears but started to come to.

"Take the girl." One of them said in a deep voice. All three had a muscular body. One had wings. Big feather wings. When she looked at the other two she saw one had a tail with no wings and the one who spoke had both tail and wings. All three of them had long, sharp nails and glowing green eyes, as two stepped forward, towards her panic kicked in and she felt herself vibrating. 

"Zack what's happening?" She asked just as her whole body began glowing. A white light emanating from inside of her shot out towards the two and they shot into ash. She felt like she was on autopilot. She couldn't control a thing. The sensation under her skin felt amazing and only when she looked at her hand she saw her skin turned to something hard and cold... Steel? She couldn't believe this. Her hair turned white and so did her eyes. Something inside her want to know what this thing was doing in her apartment. Her light encircled him and picked him up off of the floor to face her. Only then did she realize she was floating in mid-air.

"What are you doing here?" She asked and her voice echoed through the room. Little did she know that Zack and Chris had composed themselves and was standing staring at her.

"Wait. Your powers aren't supposed to be working. Agh!" The light tightened around him and he knew he didn't answer her question. "Okay!! We... Agh... We were supposed to take you to the Olympia." 

"What? Where is that? And what are you?" She asked. She was so confused and it made her angrier.

"Wait so... Agh... You don't know. You don't know what I can do?" He opened his mouth to scream again but Tam was one step ahead. Her light flooded his mouth and prevented him from breathing. In a mater of seconds Tam held a lifeless body in her light. She let it fall to the ground and floated down herself. Zack was there the minute she hit the floor and caught her before she could collapse onto the floor like the body.

"Hon are you okay? Can you hear me?" Her eyes closed and she drifted off to sleep with no words said.

"We have to get her out of here. Zack come on." Chris said as she headed to the door and Zack followed her with Tam in his arms.

--

A few hours later...

--

"Quinn is not going to be happy. You kept her in the dark for so long. Do you know how dangerous that was. Fuck!!" Tam heard Chris talking. She felt the movement of a car and she was lying in the back. When she opened her eyes a little she saw Zack and Chris in the front seats.

"I was protecting her! She's save. Until you decided to show up. She told me what happened in the alley. What the fuck were you and Pam doing. You can't feed here. If you think Quinn will be mad at me wait until..." Zack was yelling at this woman. The woman who had saved her once and warned her a second time to keep her safe. He can't talk to her like this.

"Stop." She said with a raspy voice and both of them jumped in surprise, then Zack stepped in.

"Hey hon. How you feeling?" She felt... Good. It didn't feel like it but she did. She let something out that was building inside her for who knows how long and it felt good.

"Good actually. So where we heading?" She asked as she sat up and suddenly had a head rush. It passed but took its sweet time.

"We're going to Tridal. Our home." Zack looked sad but he couldn't help but fall in love with the city. The city became his home.

"Zack can I ask you a question?" Tam asked. Zack knew this was coming. Might as well be now. He nodded yes. "Did you... Did you know? Everything? Was it really accidental that you saved me and... betrayed me?" Tam felt the tears rolling down her cheek. She didn't want this to happen. Zack was her everything and it turned ou that she a 'job'.

"Tamara stop. This is not Zack's fault. He has done nothing but protect you. And evan I could tel that he truly loves you and wants to protect you. Yes this was his job and he might have gotten himself in to deep into your heart but that just shows that he cares. Ask us anything but before you judge us just know that Zack gave everything up to protect you because he wanted to. Okay?" Chris was watching the road and didn't see Tam's arm come around her and hug her. Zack was touched by what Chris said. She never approved of his 'closeness' to Tam but here she was covering his butt.

"Sorry. I didn't mean to judge. Sorry Zack for... for everything you had to give up or sacrifice from me." Zack watched her as she gave him her best pouting face that always worked on him and Chris actually laughed at how adorable Tam's pouting face was. Tam loved the sound of Chris' laughter.

"Listen. I don't want you to feel like a job. I would give everything up a thousand times over and over again just to have had what we had." Zack felt teary and Chris just laughed at his softness.

"You became a girl while you were away. Time to teach you how to be tough again." Tam and Chris laughed, Zack didn't.

"Again? When have you ever thought me to be tough. As I recall it was the other way around." Zack loved joking with Chris. He missed his friends and family. But he made a new friend when he was away.

"Okay so what are you guys?" Tam asked out of nowhere and the silliness stopped.

"Well Zack's a shape shifter and I'm awesome." Chris joked and everyone laughed. Tam looked as Zack with new light in her eyes. This was actually awesome.

"What Chris meant to say was she's a vampire." The word vampire shot up in Tam's head and she remembered the alley. Chris knew what she was thinking and quickly put her mind at ease.

"Yes Pam and I were feeding in the alley. It is against rules but sometimes bad guys doesn't deserve anything other than death. Yes Pam is a vampire and she is getting her... Well lifting her hands to you wasn't the best thing she could've done." Chris looked sad.

"Wait she touched you?" Zack said alarmed. "What exactly did she do?"

"She just pushed me against the wall it was nothing. I shouldn't have said or thought what I did. It was my fault. What's going to happen to her?" Zack felt a pain in his heart.

"And she strangled you. Don't forget that." Chris said. Chris loved Pam just as much as Zack, or maybe not that much, but she knew that what Pam did was wrong. She saw Zack's face and knew what was coming.

"Do you know what the punishment if for that? Just touching Tammy. When is this happening?" Zack asked and Tam knew immediately that something was wrong. 'Wait touch me? What does that mean?'

"Yes Tamara touch you. It means exactly that. Zack let it go. It wasn't anyone's fault accept her own." Chris tried to calm Zack down but it didn't work. Tam started to panic again.

"I don't give a fuck. When!?" Zack was yelling and it was making Tam angry rather than panicking. Chris didn't deserve being yelled at like this.

"Zack please stop." Tam said on the verge of tears.

"Tammy I will not let her die!" Zack yelled at her. When he turned to Tam he was shocked and scared as hell. Tammy had a red light around her. 'Wait die?' Tam thought.

"She's going to die? Fuck how do I stop this. It feels like I'm going to explode." Tam's light got bigger and brighter around her. 

"Zack kiss her, now!!" Zack didn't evan know what he was doing until he felt something shoot through him. The moment his lips touched Tam's he felt light headed. It felt like all her energy was running into him.

Chris watched as their lips locked and the light tuned to white then everything seemed to go through Zack and then the light disappeared again. Chris wondered what it would be like to have been the one kissing Tam.

A few seconds passed as all of Tam's light disappeared. It felt like minutes to Chris, maybe evan hours. When the two stopped kissing Tam spoke first.

"What am I?" The kiss was breathtaking. She wish it could have lasted forever but not with Zack. She didn't want Zack. He was her friend and she never thought of him in a romantic way.

"Finally," said Chris. Zack sat back in his seat and looked out of the window. He didn't evan hear what they were saying. Tam's magic was still flowing through him. He didn't want it to stop. But the thought of Pam in trouble and the fact that he just kissed Tam troubled him. He knew Chris could've calmed Tam with just her hands but her also knew that the kiss was to calm them both down.

"Your kind has many names. They call you Lymph's, Visions, Tamers and also just Light. You have the power of water, light mind and control of all things. There can only be two..." Chris was interrupted by Tam when a familiar story came to her mind.

"In the whole world. The tutor and the learner. So there's someone like me?" Tam asked with a smile but faded away when Chris looked pained for a moment but spoke.

"No. Your mother was one with you but as you know she was taken from us. She was supposed to teach you everything but now its just you. Only you can choose the next lymph. Zack and I studied you. A few others as well but Zack got the job as you know it. Zack and I were the best in your category. I can tell you everything about you. The reason Zack had to be with you was, he had to train you. You were supposed to hear all this from him. But its okay. I know why he didn't. I don't think I would've either. You were through something tough. If you knew what power you had you would have probably taken out half a city..." Chris was interrupted once again by Tam when she notice she didn't know their surroundings.

"Where are we going?" She asked. Zack came back feeling... weird. But he could at least answer Tam's question so that they know he was still there.

"Home." Zack and Chris shared a look and Tam noticed so she asked another question that was bothering her.

"Where's my dad?" A look was shared again and for a moment neither of them spoke but Chris didn't want to keep Tam in the dark anymore so she spoke softly.

"Tamara your father is... Okay well don't freak out but he's our king." The last word was said so softly but Tam heard her.

"King!!?" She was getting nervous again but luckily Chris stopped at a garage and Tam could breath for a while. Chris took Tam to the restroom while Zack got their car checked to see if everything was still good.

In the bathroom Tam paced the space around her while Chris watched her with amusement.

"Stop laughing," Tam said as she saw Chris' smile and turned away again, "What does this mean?" Just as she turned to Chris again she saw Chris kneeling in front of her. 'No!' , 'fuck no. Well she does look sexy. Fuck. You idiot she can read your...' Chris stood and stepped closer to Tam but Tam stepped away. Her skin was shining again. 'Not again.' How am I going to stop this. A kiss helped but I don't want to kiss Zack again. It was weird.'

"Tamara, breath. Take my hand, good now let your energy flow through me. Just relax. Yes. See your doing it. Now... Holy fucking shit!" Chris screamed. She fell to her knees as Tam's energy flowed through her. It felt like the best thing in the world. It felt like it never stopped but when it was over Chris wished it wasn't. She still felt the power running through the body. Tingling under her skin.
