 She awoke in a pool of sweat, her heart hammering in her chest, heat swelling in her belly and an unmistakable sticky wetness coating her thighs. Unable to recall the last time she'd had such a vivid, colourful, erotic dream, she lifted her hands to feel the burn of embarrassment on her cheeks before turning over to look at the other side of the bed. Mercifully, it was empty. It perhaps not so mercifully; she had an itch, inspired by the workings of her nocturnal mind but gone unfulfilled.

The details of her dream were hazy to grasp as she flopped back down against the pillows and stared up at the ceiling, bathed in an orange glow from the streetlight just under the window. Her breathing was beginning to return to normal, that rush of blood in her ears ebbing away but the itch between her legs didn't die down. If anything, it grew more insistent and she knew that if she wanted to get any more sleep, she would have to take care of it. Certain that her dream would inspire her, she closed her eyes and tried to remember the details. It involved someone she knew. Someone close to her. Someone male. She ran through her friends in her mind and when it fell upon Dark, her stomach lurched in a very pleasant way. The first spark of memory inspired another and the whole dream came rushing back to her.

She was working in his castle, alone. Dressed in the maid outfit he insisted upon, she was in the kitchen preparing her 'master' a meal for when he returned. Although the world outside had been plunged into winter, everything beyond the castle walls an icy, snowy landscape, the kitchen, with its open fireplace and the cooking range was lovely and cosy until a blast of freezing air hit her back. Turning, she heard him before she saw him, muttering in a language she neither recognised nor understood but she know from his tone that his mood wasn't good. That assertion was confirmed when she saw him. His arms, from his elbows downwards, were covered in dark scales, culminating in long, clawed fingers. Behind him, swishing angrily across the tiled floor, a tail and although she couldn't see him, from the way he walked, she was certain his legs were changed too. The expression he wore was thunderous, a deep scowl marring his brow, eyes narrowed to thin slits. With a nervous gulp, she good him dinner would be ready very soon and watched him storm away without responding.

Dinner was to be served in the grand hall and when Charlie took the trays of food there, she saw that Dark was already sitting at the head of the grand, oak dining table. She could feel his gaze on her, following her progress from the doorway over to where he sat. Not wishing to further darken his mood, she kept quiet as she served him, heaping his plate with slices of roast beef and potatoes. When she bent over to fill his glass with wine, he placed one large, clawed hand on her backside, giving it a tight squeeze and she jumped back, spilling a few drops into the tabletop. Stammering out an apology, she hastily wiped them away and glanced at him; he didn't seem to care about her accident. His attention was firmly focussed upon her cleavage, a lustful look on his face that sent a spike of arousal shooting through her abdomen. 

"You should eat," she said, moving out of his eyeline to take up position behind him, poised should he have any orders to issue. With a grunt, he picked up one of the slices of beef between his claws and started eating. He was fast, like it was merely a necessity to fulfil before he could move onto other things and when all the meat was gone, he pushed his chair away from the table, leaned back and snapped his fingers for her attention.

"Master?" She moved around to stand before him, ready to obey whatever directives he had. Expecting to be told to serve dessert, she wasn't prepared for one of his claws slicing down the front of her uniform, from plunging neckline to hem. The material fell open, exposing her braless chest and flimsy, silk panties. Stunned, surprised, she could only gape at Dark and watch as a long, pointed tongue flicked out to wet his lips. It sent an involuntary shudder through her and a stray thought appeared in her mind; that tongue... How would it feel on her body, coiling over her breasts or wriggling into her.

Dark sniffed the air and growled softly. Could he smell her arousal? Leaning forwards, he rested his forehead on her belly and extended his tongue, the tip of it skimming over the front of her underwear. She shuddered again and let out a moan, her hands clenching into fists at her side. She wanted to ask him, to beg him, even, to rip away her panties and taste her, but she kept her silence. Ten sharp points dug into her buttocks, his hands once again clasping her. He lifted his head and his tongue began a winding trail upwards, flitting over her bare skin until he reached her breasts. There, like a hungry baby seeking milk, he latched onto one of her nipples, sucking it between his lips and lapping at it. The moan she gave this time was louder and she brought her hands up to grip his shoulders and hold herself steady.

With his hand on her ass and his mouth on her breast, she was sure, at first, that she must have been imagining the gentle prodding at her pussy. Only when /something/ nudged aside the fabric and ran down her slit did she remember his tail. The realisation shocked her and she tried to step backwards, but Dark dug his claws in, holding her in place as his tail pushed between her lips and delve into her heat. Rough because of the scales, cooler than the rest of her body and slightly thinner than his cock, it was a strange but by no means unpleasant sensation. While not the most conventional means of seduction, Charlie found herself enjoying the different feeling, rocking her hips in time to Dark thrusting his tail. He again took her by surprise though. Wrenching his mouth from her, he switched one hand to her shoulder, pushing her down, and the other to his pants, shredding them in his haste to unfasten them. She hastened to comply and sank to get knees, his tail never ceasing in its plunges into her. His cock was free and fully erect, begging for her attention. As she leaned towards it, she could see more scales on his stomach, leading downwards in a thin strip from his bellybutton to the base of his cock. This animalustic aspect turned her on, as evidenced with the juices that spilled put of her and coursed down his tail.

Obviously, she was taking too long in measuring him because he reached up his hand and pulled her head down, pressing her nose to his belly and her cheek to his cock. She took the hint. Turning her head just a little, she nuzzled his length, placing small kisses along it as she made her way to the tip. Taking him into her mouth, she was rewarded with a rumbling growl and his tail speeded up, fucking her faster. She tried to meet its pace and began bobbing her head to the same rhythm, sinking low, till he almost met the back of her throat before pulling back until only the head remained, pinched tightly between her lips. The hand remained on her head, guiding but not pushing. Against her scalp, she felt his claws and it gave her a sense of care; she had no wish to find out how it would feel to have them pierce her skull.

From the way he throbbed, she could tell he was close. She was too, her hips rocking and bucking with each thrust of his tail. Gasping sharply, she pulled back as the first spasm of orgasm tightened her pussy. The hand grabbed her hair and pulled her backwards, forcing her hard onto his tail and thrusting her chest out. It wasn't punishment, it didn't hurt. It was, she realised, because he wanted to watch her and come with her. Taking hold of his cock in his free hand, he aimed it towards her breasts and gave it a few, arhythmic, unsteady strokes until his own climax erupted, sending ribbons of come over her chest, neck and chin. As she began the comedown from her own peak, she opened her mouth and ducked her head to catch the last few drops on her tongue, before succumbing to the urge to crumple at his feet, panting for breath.

She might have been satisfied but he wasn't. The clatter and crashing of dishes hitting the floor echoed around the hall and rang in her ears as he scooped her up and laid her on the newly-cleared table. Upon her at once, his face pressed between her legs, his mouth covering her pussy, he licked and lapped at her, cleaning her of every drop of moisture that had spilled from her. It reawoke her arousal and, still sensitive, she squirmed and writhed under his attentions, unintelligible words and pleas tumbling from her lips, his name, moaned over and over like a litany. Each swipe of his rough tongue over her engorged clit sent a new wave of pleasure through her, whipping her into a higher state of ecstasy, so when he drew back, his lips and chin glazed with her honey, she sent him a half-glare, half-pleading look, earning herself a treaty chuckle from him.

"You want something?" He asked, leaning over her and propping himself up on one hand that sprayed out flat on the table by her head. She nodded mutely and swallowed, to which he replied, bowing his head to speak quietly into her ear. "Tell me..."

"You..."

"Where?" His question was punctuated by a sharp nip to her earlobe.

"Inside me... Here." She dropped her hand between her legs and spread the lips of her pussy, panting as she watched his gaze drift downwards and a smile curl his lips.

"With pleasure." Already hardened again, he wasted no time at all in taking hold of her hip to keep her in place, lining his cock up with her hole and sliding his entire length into her in one fluid motion. Fully inside, he held his position and looked down at her with undisguised lust and want, then pulled back before slamming into her again. Starting up a steady rhythm, he gave her no respite from his powerful thrusts as he drove into her, again and again until the air around them sang with their passionate moans. Not once did his gaze leave hers, their eyes locked as their bodies moved together, working into a crescendo of sexual pleasure.

She was the first to break, closing her eyes and surrendering herself to the bliss of orgasm. While she bucked and trembled under him, he changed his pace, speeding up and snapping his hips forward until he too lost it. Arching into her, his head tossed back, he raked his claws down her torso, letting out a roar and as red welts rose on her body, he pulsed and throbbed and emptied himself into her coursing channel.

Through a haze of post-coital rapture, she was dimly aware of his gentle caresses, not from claws this time, but soft and careful fingers. He nuzzled her throat, murmuring loving words to her as he hefted her into his arms and tenderly transported her to bed.

Throughout the reliving of her dream, Charlie's fingers had been working at her to replicate the sensations her dream lover had bestowed upon her body. Now, having experienced the two climaxes along with her fantasy, her body finally felt sated and ready to tumble back into slumber. Fingers still buried inside her, she did exactly that, slipping easily into sleep and further dreams of Dark.