 "If you beat me, you can have me." She said.

I smiled. This would be easy. She was half my size and didn't look like she packed enough muscle to swat a fly.

She laid aside her pole axe and removed her Nav Belt. Like a fool, I stood and waited for her, calling myself being a gentleman.

"Are you ready?" She said.

All I could see were her magnificent breasts half showing through her thin black combat shirt. Yeah I was ready all right. All I could think about was the sweet prize between her legs. 

I swung at her head, not really trying to do any damage; I just wanted to get my point across. I was going to fuck her, but I didn't want to do it if she was bleeding all over my cock.

Faster than I thought possible, she grabbed my wrist and I was suddenly flying over her.

The impact with the ground stunned me for a moment. I lay there thinking to myself, 'This bitch is for real!' 

"You said you were ready. Don't play with me. I really want to fuck but I'll kill you if you don't try."

I saw her foot coming at my head and managed to deflect it in time. 

When I stood I realized that I might have to kill her. She was looking at me with an intensity that I'd only seen in the arena. 

She came at me this time. Her first swing was at my gut, but it was only a feint. I blocked that one and she nearly took my head off with her left. She hit harder than some men.

Her follow up was a roundhouse kick. I ducked underneath and kicked her leg out from under her. She went down hard onto her stomach.

I heard the breath whoosh out of her as I threw myself onto her from behind. Her ass was solid and fleshy and only made my dick even harder. 

Even as I wrapped my arm around her throat I began to hump her through the lower armor.

"Come on bitch. Give up that ass!" I fully intended to rape her when she passed out. And if she died, oh well, it wouldn't be the first time I'd fucked a corpse.

For a moment she tried to fight me. But she suddenly went limp. I held my arm in place for a few more seconds. I'd had someone play dead like this before. When it didn't appear that she was moving any more I lifted my arm and started to remove her lower armor.

Her left arm flashed back so fast that I didn't even see it until the stars formed in front of my eyes.

"Bastard." She said as she squirmed from under me. "You gotta work a lot harder than that if you want this." She ran a hand inside her shirt and played with her nipple.

I held my nose and felt the blood running around my fingers. It was strange, but the violence seemed to be making me even more aroused than normal. 

I'd beat any number of people to death over my career. Sometimes for profit, but mostly because I enjoyed it. It didn't matter to me. Men, women, animals were all the same and all felt the same when I came inside them just before or as they were dying. I just loved ripping their tight little assholes or pussies with my enhanced dick. 

Hell, there'd even been one woman that I managed to separate her jaws while I skull fucked her.

But this bitch was different. She could fight back and I felt myself getting larger and larger. Already I knew I was past 10 inches and still growing.

She noticed it too. Despite the job she'd been sent to do, I could see the plain lust in her eyes. She wanted to feel this dick ripping her pussy walls to shreds.

"I can see why they want you." She said.

Ignoring the blood running down my hand I rubbed my cock through the material of my pants. "I've fucked them all and I'll get you too."

"Maybe, but you'll have to earn it."

In a way that had never happened before, she intrigued me.

She swung at me and I blocked it. Back and forth we went like that for a while. I landed a few good blows on her, but nothing good enough to take her down. And although I was bleeding from a few small scratches she hadn't really landed any kick or punch that disabled me.

She was good. When I pressed forward, she would meet me and give as good as she got. I launched a kick at her mid section and without breaking stride she leapt over me and landed with cat like grace.

My dick was throbbing now with desire. I wanted more than just to crash it through her pussy lips and into her sweaty moistness. I wanted her to want me. I wanted her to cry out my name as she rode me with that magnificent ass. 

Her flat stomach was bathed in sweat and she was breathing hard. Her perfect areola and nipples showed through the wet shirt. Her long hair was plastered to her face and back.

I had to admit to myself that she was beginning to tire me out. None of the others had lasted this long. Not even the ones in the arena had met me on this common of ground.

"Too hard for you?" She taunted. "You are supposed to be the best. Mr. Big bad killer. I'm starting to loose interest in you."

She backed away from me and removed the armor covering her lower body. Her legs glistened and the muscles beneath moved fluidly below her skin. With a contemptuous toss of her hand she flung the armor away.

"Let me make it a little easier for you." Below the armor she only wore a loincloth. When she moved back into a fighting stance I could see the ripe pink wetness between her legs. I had enough time to notice that she was shaved before she came at me again.

Without the armor on, her legs were free to move. She launched a series of kicks at me that it took all my skill to avoid.

She was fast. Faster than anyone I'd ever faced and though I hated to admit it, she might be able to beat me if I couldn't end this soon.

I managed to get a good solid blow in to her jaw, but as she spun she brought up her fist and caught me in the side of my face. 

I stopped and spit out a mouthful of blood and a tooth.

She smiled and came at me again.

Throwing caution to the wind I stepped in to meet her charge and as she crashed into me we both went down. My dick was bulging through my pants and as I landed the material gave way.

Without planning it, I suddenly sank up to the hilt into her box. 

I'm not sure who screamed louder. She was tighter than any pussy I'd ever fucked and I know that I ripped her when I went in. And I'm sure that she took skin off of me. 

Years ago, when I was still in the arena, I had paid one of the GenTec scientists to enhance my cock so that I could control how hard or soft it was and also how large it got. Up to now I'd always been in control of it, but something about this woman set me off. Usually I could not grow beyond 10 inches, but I know that what I slammed into that less than willing pussy was much bigger.

I was holding her right wrist, but her left hand was free. She clawed my chest and I felt the blood flow. Despite the pain, I felt myself grow again.

Even as she screamed she began to grind her hips. Forcing me even deeper inside of her. I looked down and noticed that blood covered the junction between us. She was a virgin. 

Good.

I thrust my hips up and tried to puncture her womb. 

She clawed me again.

I backhanded her and opened a cut on her cheek.

"YES!" She screamed.

I could feel her grinding harder and harder. She was close. So fucking close.

I decided that I would kill her as she came. Some of the best nuts that I'd gotten came from the sensation of the cunt or ass dying on my dick. Everything locked up and squeezed me tighter than hell. Then it would suddenly loosen as the person died and I would shoot a fountain of cum into them.

She rode me, up and down, feeling the friction build as my cock dove into her like an out of control piston.

Her breasts heaved above me and I grabbed one through the thin film of shirt. I'd love to have that nipple in my mouth, but there wasn't time.

"I'm going to come!" She shouted.

I put my hands on her throat and started squeezing.

The instant her air was cut off she went wild. 

Bucking this way and that. She dug a huge furrow in my cheek. I was bleeding from at least a dozen scratch marks. 

Her pussy was vibrating up and down the length of my dick. She was working all 11 inches with her muscles as she died on top of me.

I tried to hold it in, but when her pussy exploded, I exploded with it. I came and came. I could feel my balls emptying into her as she gushed her cream back onto me. Just as I started to pass over that peak my arms went numb. They slid away from her throat. Even though I continued to come my body seemed to be shutting down.

She held my cock in her pussy. Her eyes were watching me, but I could tell that she was not coming any more. She didn't even seem horny.

"The poster said dead or alive." She said softly.

Something was very wrong with me. My dick continued to spasm in her, but the rest of my body had no sensation. She contracted her muscles and I felt her milk the last of my cum out.

"You were as good as they said."

I tried to talk only to realize that my mouth wouldn't follow the command.

"You're not the only one who's been enhanced." 

She held her hands up so I could see them. Some kind of black venom dripped from each sharpened nail.

I tried to struggle. The only thing that had any sensation was my dick. She continued to move the muscles in her pussy. It no longer felt good. 

The rest of my body was dead, but I could feel intense pain in my cock. She seemed to be concentrating, and then despite my body being numb, I felt what she did. She twisted violently to the left and I had the sensation of tearing flesh. 

When she stood up, my cock went with her.

She held position over my chest and said, "Your murdering days are over. I will collect my bounty off of your carcass. It'll be less money, but then," She squatted and spit my cock out of her body and onto my chest. It made a wet splatting sound and blood, cum, and something inky black ran down my body. "I'll take this as a bonus."

My vision was fading. The last thing I saw was her standing over me and the little sharp teeth surrounding the entrance to her hole. She clamped her muscles and the teeth gnashed together. 

I faded and knew no more.

Illessa stood over the corpse and watched the last few twitches as his muscles fried themselves from the inside. The poison had been a good one, and she could see now that the pain from her enhancements had been worth it.

Despite the new enlargement in her pussy, she was sore. He'd been larger than she was told. At least the blades had worked right. She'd been on the edge of passing out before he finally succumbed to the poison.

She wiped away the last of the thick black fluid from between her legs and put her lower armor back on.

The body was surprisingly light as she slung it up onto her horse. She retrieved her poleaxe and started up the road whistling tunelessly to herself.

It had been a good day.

She could hardly wait for the next bounty.