 Megatropolis City was in the middle of a crime wave. It seemed all of the city's super villains and criminal organizations had decided to go wild all at the same time. The superheroines that protect the city doubted the spike in crime was actually organized in any meaningful manner, but that didn't made dealing with so much crime any easier. 

The Megatropolis Amazons, the city's official super team, were worked to near exhaustion. When the mighty Amazons began to fail it is up to the city's other heroines to step up their game. Heroines such as Lady Centurion, the young duo Ice and Fire, and Bovine Justice are all busy pushing back against the tide of criminals on the loose. 

Bovine Justice had been trying to hunt down whoever was behind the string of paintings that had been stolen over the last two days. Bovine had figured out one person or group was behind all of the thefts. She even thought she had figured out a criminal's pattern well enough to predict where the next crime would take place. 

Bovine was certain that the culprit would hit the Megatropolis Museum next. Each of the thefts had happened late at night, so Bovine had waited till dark had fallen before heading to the Museum. It's always best to catch a criminal in the act, Bovine Justice thinks as she approaches the museum. 

Gaining entry to the museum turned out to be easier than the heroine had expected. She had planned on sneaking in one of the back services entries. If the door had been locked she would have been able to use her super strength to force it open. As she arrives she finds the door already forced open. 

"It looks like the thief is already here," she whispers to herself as she cautiously enters the building. 

She heads down the halls of the Museums service area. As the heroine turns a corner she runs into a full body mirror leaning against a wall. Bovine Justice stops for a moment to look at her reflection. 

She is a short woman, especially for a superheroine. Most of her fellow crime fighters with an active Power-Gene are rather tall. What she does share in common with most of her fellow heroines is a rather large bust. Her breasts are big enough to be considered "super sized," and the fact she is so short only makes her breasts look even larger. 

Adding to the sense of overwhelming size of her breasts is her costume: Bovine Justice fights crime in a simple bikini with a cow hide pattern and large combat boots, her only accessory being a collar around her neck with a cowbell hanging from it. The fabric of the bikini top covers her ample breasts and tightly holds them in place while the bottom keeps her womanhood covered just enough to be allowed in public. But other than that her pale skin all stands exposed. 

Bovine Justice chose the highly sexualized and revealing costume for a reason. One of the first things a heroine learns is that the criminal element is easily distracted by cleavage and bare flesh. Her super endurance is strong enough to deflect most small arms fire, so there is no need for any actual protection from her costume. And she learned quickly that she prefers the freedom of movement the skimpy outfit gives her. 

Some in the press have critiqued the costume. Not because her costume is so revealing, that is the norm amongst the countries heroines. No, the press has ridiculed her because of how her body appears. She is stronger than ten men and more agile than an Olympic gymnast but you can't tell that just by looking at her. To the untrained eye she is simply a short, incredibly busty, pudgy woman. She is by no means fat, but she is plump enough to have small love handles. 

Again, showing off this aspect of her body is something she does by design. Everyone knows someone with an active P-Gene can have massive super strength without having the muscle's a normal man or woman would need to be that strong. Even with this knowledge criminals can't help but she the big breasted, pudgy heroine and underestimate her. Even those that have fought her on multiple occasions are constantly caught off guard by her strength and agility. 

The cow hide pattern of her bikini and the name she chose for herself when becoming a superheroine where not chosen for less practical reasons. When most people with an active P-Gene have their powers activate their bodies go through various changes. Woman's breasts tend to increase in size while men's sexual organs tend to grow in length and girth. Every man and woman feels their libido increase as their powers increase (although this affects men and women quite differently). 

But even with these changes most still look the same as they did before they gained their powers. Maybe a bit taller and stronger, but basically their appearance goes unchanged. However, a significant minority go through more radical changes. Some grow new appendages; many have their skin or hair color change to unnatural colors. Some mutate into monstrous mockeries of human beings, growing scaly skin and mutated faces. 

Bovine Justice was one such woman, although her changes weren't particularly grotesque. She grew a pair of small horns that looked like a cow's. She decided to embrace the changes of her body and took up the moniker of "Bovine Justice". 

The public thinks the horns combined with her massive breast size were the inspiration for the embracing of this theme, but she has a secret no one knows about that really inspired the name. Aside from having her breast increase in size till they became far larger than her head the heroine's body also entered a state of constant lactation. 

Bovine Justice keeps her production of milk a secret from the public. She does this not out of fear that people would ridicule her, the strong will woman is far too confident to be affected by anything as petty as that. No, she keeps her lactating breasts a secret because of the affects her milk has when ingested by men. Just a mouthful can make a man who has just ejaculated rock hard and eager to fuck again. And when more than a mouthful is ingested her milk can give a normal human temporary super strength. 

She has no idea what would happen to her if the world, especially the criminals in it, knew what her milk could do. To help protect her secret she had the cow bell that hangs from her neck created. The Bell of Bovine Justice's ring is rumored to be able to remove the desire to commit crime from the hearts of all criminals, leaving them befuddled, confused, and temporarily stunned. In reality it is a high tech device able to wipe the memories of current events of all men within hearing distance. The device is activated not by its chiming bell but by a sonic device hidden within it that only Bovine knows how to activate. 

Bovine Justice smooth's the tangle of jet black hair she has on the top of her head down around her small horns then tightens her bikini top. Knowing she is looking her best the heroine turns from the mirror and starts down the hallway. 

Before long she finds one of the museums security guards lying still on the ground before her. Bovine kneels down to investigate his body. After a quick inspection she finds he is still alive but unconscious. He has no obvious wounds and there is no hint of how he was knocked out. Bovine leans in closer and uses her heightened senses to smell the body. 

She's searching for any hint of gas. The criminals of Megatropolis have a large arsenal of weapons that can incapacitate even someone as strong a superpowered heroine. Many of the drugs at their disposable do more than simply knock their target unconscious... Bovine Justice wants to be prepared for whatever danger she faces this night. 

Now that she has taken the time to smell his body more closely she is able to pick up the faint hint of something burnt. She takes an even closer smell and realizes there is an almost electric tinge to the smell. "Maybe the criminal used some kind of stun gun to take the guard out..." 

She gets back to her feet and continues cautiously forward. A normal stun gun would probably not affect her, although she would probably feel the pain it would cause. But there are far more powerful weapons available on the black market, devices strong enough to knock even a heroine as strong as her out. And being knocked unconscious by a criminal is something she would like to avoid. 

The supervillains and criminals of Megatropolis have a rough code of rules they live and operate by. As every heroine knows the first rule is that a defeated heroine is fair game sexually. With the super charged libido that comes along with an active P-Gene most sexual encounters, no matter how they begin, quickly become consensual. Even if a heroine is able to enjoy the sexual aspects of any defeats she may suffer most still prefer to avoid such humiliating incidents. 

"No, don't want to be knocked unconscious at all... I wouldn't even be awake to enjoy whatever they might do to me. And if I'm not awake they could discover my secret!" 

Even more cautious now Bovine Justice continues working her way deeper into the depths of the museum. The criminals conducting the robbery leave an easy trail to follow. Between open doors and unconscious security guards she feels she must quickly be catching up to them. 

Her diligence is rewarded. Before long she can hear the hush tones of two people talking conspiratorially not far from her. Bovine Justice uses her super senses to zero in on the sounds and quickly determines the two speaking are at the bottom of a nearby flight of stairs. Quietly the heroine begins to creep down the steps... 

"I told you we'd find the mother lode here! Just in this one store room are half of the paintings we are being paid to steal," a female voice says. From the tone she is obviously the one in charge. The voice is unfamiliar to bovine. If it belongs to a supervillain it's one she hasn't faced before. 

"Okay boss. I'll start gathering them up. I'd like to have them all together before I start carrying them all out to the van," a male voice responds. Bovine knows she's heard that voice before, but just can't quite remember where. 

Bovine creeps further down the stairs. She is almost close enough to get a glimpse of who her foes are. Ever closer and the two figures in the room at the bottom of the stairs slowly come into view. Luckily for me both of them have their backs turned to me and won't notice me approaching till it's far too late for them. 

The woman is scantily clad with black high-heeled knee high boots on and an outfit that is little more than lingerie. She's holding something in her hand that hangs down to the ground, but the lighting is dim and Bovine Justice can't make out what it is. 

The man that stands next to her is totally forgettable. He's of average height, average built, wearing jeans and a black hoodie. He looks like any other disposable goon for hire. 

"Where do you want me to start?" the man asks, turning slightly to look around the room. This gives Bovine a glance of his face and she recognizes him at once. That's Diligent Dan! He's a criminal that has made a career out of being a henchman for whichever supervillain is currently out of jail and paying the most. With his many years of experiencing helping out various villain's his services are highly prized. 

"It doesn't really matter," the woman says. "And I think we can take our time, the buildings security was easy to take out and I doubt any of those stupid medaling whores that call themselves superheroes will be showing up to stop us. They have too many distractions to even notice our small robbery." 

Bovine Justice takes that moment to confidently step out from the shadows of the stairwell and into the light of the store room. "I wouldn't count on that," she says confidently, announcing her presence to the criminals. 

Diligent Dan and the mystery women spin around, alarm on their faces. "Holy shit, a heroine," Diligent Dan yells. 

The woman, however, isn't alarmed for long. Once she gets a good look of Bovine Justice she doesn't seem to be intimidated. Instead of the fear that is apparent on her henchman's face she wears an eager grin. "Well, look what the cat dragged in. Looks more like a fat titted cow then a superheroine." 

"Your pathetic barbs will have no affect on me," Bovine Justice replies. 

The heroine raises her fists, preparing for a fight but hoping she can get the two to surrender before it comes to that. Now that the woman is facing her Bovine Justice can see the item in her hand is some kind of whip. Few super powered villains use a weapon which suggests this woman has no powers. Bovine is confident she can win any battle in a matter of minutes and intends to tell this woman such. 

"I'd surrender if I was you. A single minion, even if he is Diligent Dan, and a bull whip is no match for my super strength and agility." 

The woman laughs at this. "Why you have no idea who am do you, you dumb bitch?" 

Bovine Justice shrugs, unfazed by the foul language. "Should I?" 

"Good god, what do you have to do to get a reputation in this down? Well, let me introduce myself: I'm known as 'Pussy Whip'." 

"Is that how you got Diligent Dan here to work for you? You have him 'pussy whipped'? Putting out as a way of hiring henchmen seems like it's only going to get you a reputation as a whore not a supervillain," Bovine replies, inching closer to the woman. 

She laughs again. "Ah, I had heard you were mouthy. No, they call me Pussy Whip because of... well, let me show you!" Before she even finishes her sentence Pussy Whip snaps her wrist which causes her weapon to activate. The whip comes to life with bright blue electricity that crackles menacingly in the dim light of the storage room. 

Momentarily caught off guard Bovine Justice is slow to react. Pussy Whip lifts the weapon and flings it at the heroine, flicking her wrist at just the right moment to cause the tip of the whip to crack up against Bovine's crotch. The instant it makes contact with the fabric of her bikini bottom the heroine feels electricity painfully flowing into her body. 

The pain is sudden and overwhelming, especially having flow from such a sensitive part of Bovine Justice's body. She screams in agony and falls to her knees, her hands instinctively grabbing a hold of her now throbbing vulva. 

"THAT'S why they call me Pussy Whip. And I would suggest moving your hands, I'm far from done." 

Bovine looks up defiantly and begins to get to her feet. Pussy Whip cracks her weapon again, this time twice in quick succession. She whips both of Bovines hands causing the heroine to scream in agony once again. She pulls her hands away from her crotch, holding them up against her prominent bosom, holding them tight and wincing through the throbbing pain she feels in them. 

Laughing maniacal the villainess cracks her whip in the air, the color changing from blue to red. Once more she strikes the kneeling Bovine Justice in her pussy. 

Instead of screaming in pain the heroine's eyes grow large in surprise and a small gasp escapes her mouth. Instead of feeling numbing pain this time her body flares in electrical induced pleasure when the whip makes contact with her. 

Continuing to laugh Pussy Whip snaps her weapon over and over again, the tip making contact with the heroine's crotch each time. Each impact leaves Bovine Justice shocked and shuddering with pleasure. Before long the heroine falls helplessly backwards, her legs convulsing and spread wide open. With an even clearer shot of her privates the villainess whips her pussy over and over until she forces an orgasm from the helpless heroine. 

Bovine Justice screams in horror and pleasure as she cums. She lay on the ground, her body convulsing as the large orgasm travels through her body. 

"God I fucking love to see you super sluts helpless on the ground before me, cumming your fucking brains out." 

The orgasm finally subsides, leaving Bovine Justice feeling weak and tired. It is the curse of the heroine: a strong sexual climax leaves most women with an active P-Gene temporarily weakened or even completely depowered. Bovine Justice now lay on the floor before a villainess and her henchmen, having cum hard enough to leave her too weak to fight. 

The two criminals stand cruelly laughing as Bovine rolls over and tries to crawl back towards the stairwell. Her plump ass is raised into the air as she crawls along the filthy floor. The position leaves the bulge of her pubic mound raised up into the air and easily seen from behind. Both the criminals can make out that the bottom of her bikini is soaked through from her orgasm. 

"What an inviting sight," Pussy Whip says to Diligent Dan. "Think I should whip that pussy? It looks like it's begging for it." 

"Oh yes boss, I think you have no choice." 

Again she cracks her whip, the tip contacting Bovine Justice's crotch and forcing another orgasm from the helpless heroine. She collapses as the orgasm overtakes her heightened senses. She rolls back over onto her back. She strains, trying desperately to contain her orgasm to stop from being weakened even further. 

"Oh, I know the look of a super slut trying to stop herself from getting off too much. We just can't have any of that!" She cracks her whip again, this time striking the heroine's waist. Somehow she manages to get her whip wrapped around Bovine's pudgy, bare waist. The whip gives off crackling red electricity, spreading powerful pleasure through the heroine's body. 

Bovine sits up, her face showing she is experiencing so much pleasure it is paining her. She arches her back, thrusting her massive breasts forward and screams "Please, STOP!!" 

"Not a chance you fat titted hussy, I'm getting off on this." Bovine opens her eyes and sees that the villainess is telling the truth. She is standing with one leg up on a box, her hand jammed into the crotch of her costume. She's clearly pleasuring herself to the sight of Bovine Justice squirming helplessly before her as she keeps the whip wrapped around her waist. 

"Holy shit boss, do you see that?" Diligent Dan asks pointing at Bovine's chest. There are two growing wet stains expanding on the fabric of her bikini top. "She's fucking leaking milk as she cums!" 

Pussy Whip laughs heartily as she continues to finger herself. "You're more of a fucking cow then I thought, BOVINE Justice!" 

She pulls her whip back, disengaging it from around the heroine's waist. Bovine slumps forward, breathing heavily. She feels so weak... if she had cum any more she might have passed out. Her body feels like it is on fire, burning up from the pleasure of the whip. 

Weakly, barely able to keep her eyes open, she looks up to find Pussy Whip to find the woman is standing nearly on top of her. The villainess grabs a handful of the heroine's tangle of short, black hair. She puts her whip into the belt that hangs from her hip then with her now free hand pulls the crotch of her costume to side the side, revealing her pussy. She thrusts her hip forward, pushing her bare snatch into Bovine's face. 

"Lick me, slut. Make me cum and maybe we'll just leave you behind instead of keeping you to sell into white slavery." 

Weak, barely able to think and fearing what might happen to her if she doesn't follow the instructions Bovine Justice does as she is told. She opens her mouth and begins to lick the already moist slit before her. 

Pussy Whip closes her eyes and tilts her head back, moaning in pleasure. "Oh fuck yes, that's good! You know how to use your tongue, little cow. Yes... nice, hard, slow licks. Oh fuck yes! YES! Suck on my clit, just like that!" 

Pussy Whip stands before her, holding Bovine's head up to her crotch until the heroine works her to orgasm. When she cums she presses bovine's head hard against her wet folds, squirting all over the heroine's face. Once she is done she lets go of her head and steps away. Now free of the villainess' grasp Bovine Justice nearly collapses, limply leaning forward fighting to keep her eyes open and remain conscious. Pussy Whip's sexual juices drip from her face down onto Bovine's large breasts. 
