 Author's Note: Hey everyone, thanks for waiting. While I had hoped to bring you maybe new story or a new chapter of Voluptus Ludum, certain things unfortunately got in the way, though I have started writing it. Anyway, I hope you'll enjoy this small offering of mine.

*****

Groaning, Ashley woke up feeling somewhat bloated. Her head throbbed powerfully, raising a hand to her temple on instinct, she was shocked, when she felt something soft, like a marshmallow, against her arm. Sitting, she opened her eyes and looked down, her mouth and eyes wide in shock at the deep chasm her breasts created. By some miracle her shirt was still intact, but there were several small tears, and the area around the chest was stretched taut by the mountainous globes Ashley had grown.

"Are they..." She began, but her throat was incredibly dry. Needing water, she stood and almost fell over, as she struggled to find her balance. While she was jubilant at finally having breasts, she knew it would take a while to adjust. As she finally found her balance, a sudden burn began in her rear and sides, almost as if she had spilled a hot drink, yet she felt no true pain, only an uncomfortable burn. Her knees buckled beneath her, as the burn spread to the rest of her body suddenly, though it seemed largely focused on her lower body. The heat spread to her crotch, sending sexual delight throughout her body, serving to increase the sense of burning, though she felt pleasure in it now, making her want more. Through pure force of will, she brought a hand to her pussy, letting out a angry sigh at the feeling of her jeans. The heat intensified further, and her need to pleasure herself took complete control. With a strength Ashley never she had, she tore the jeans apart, revealing her drenched panties to the world.

Just as she was about to free her cunt from its prison, she suddenly felt paralysed. Her brain went haywire, as she struggled to keep her sanity, all the while trying to will her hands to move and masturbate, as well as struggling to think of what was causing this, surely the Bovine-X wouldn't cause this, but that was all she could think of, as that was the only thing she had taken into her body in the last few hours. A sudden flare in the burning coursed through her, the intense heat focusing primarily on her breasts, ass, and crotch. Looking down, Ashley let out a hoarse cry as she watched her breasts visibly grow before her eyes, her clothing tearing loudly until finally it was just a few scraps of cloth, but that wasn't the only thing she saw; looking about wildly, Ashley watched as her arms grew slightly more muscular, but then she caught sight of it, the one thing that was completely alien to the young woman, something that had no right being a woman's body... she stared wide eyed as a massive penis rose from her crotch, the head now inches above her breasts, which was growing in time, each one retaining a teardrop shape, even as they became something along the lines of J cups, though they were still expanding. Still paralysed there was nothing for her to do but watch in abject horror at what her body became.

Unseen, but not unnoticed, Ashley's rear and hips also grew. Her bones altered painfully, though there was pleasure beneath the pain, as her body was raised off the ground by her expanding ass, which retained its firm qualities, yet was still soft to the touch. Ashley's hips were now perfect for birthing, and her waist had slimmed down marginally, only serving to further highlight her expansions. Throughout this, her new penis had grown too big to stand on its own, despite appearing hard as stone, as it flopped back onto her torso, falling between her now free breasts. The burning briefly receded, as her mind and body were overloaded by a burst of absolute bliss. It was indescribable, feeling her new cock, as sensitive as her clitoris, falling between her almost equally sensitive breasts, sending shock waves of pleasure through her body, forcing her to a spontaneous orgasm, causing a large squirt of her feminine juices to spray across the floor. It was far too much for the young, inexperienced girl causing her to black out even as the expansion of her body continued.

Over several hours, Ashley teetered on the edge of consciousness and sleep. Every other minute she would wake, but quickly fell back to sleep, though not before her bleary eyes registered the substantial increase in her bust. After numerous failed attempts at waking up, Ashley finally forced herself to retain consciousness and sat up, almost toppling over from the impossible new weight on her chest. Looking down, she didn't say a word, only starred at the twin mountains her bust had become, and at the massive pillar of cock that laid, flaccid on the floor. For so long Ashley simply sat there, unable to move and unable to fully register what she was seeing. Mustering her will, she raised her hands to her breasts, gasping as her fingers lightly brushed her flesh. She began to run her fingers across the massive amount of breast flesh she had now, moaning as she went over her areola, and barely grazing her bullet like peaks. As she caressed herself, she felt a strange pressure building in her breasts.

Her mind noticed the pressure, but her body wouldn't respond to its command to stop. Ashley was overtaken by lust, now boldly grabbing as much flesh as she could, and kneading it delightfully, even lifting the hard peaks to her lips, where she lapped at them, moaning loudly in pleasure. In a bid to increase the pleasure, Ashley opened her mouth and took a large nipple inside, now kneading it with her teeth, while lashing it with her tongue. Wanting, no, needing more Ashley raised the other breast, opening her mouth to take in the other nipple, practically cumming on the spot, even as the pressure continued to build in her chest. Unnoticed by Ashley, in her lust crazed state, her cock was filling quickly with blood, becoming a pillar of pure feminine masculinity (I know it doesn't make sense). Ashley was lost in a world of breasts and lust, unable to acknowledge anything but the two.

Desiring further stimulation, Ashley wrapped an arm around herself, beneath her globes, letting her other hand go free. She began to suck deeply, like an infant trying to get its mother's milk, while her other hand, went to her crotch, attempting to finger her own pussy, but finding the massive phallus in her path. Ashley couldn't care less anymore, as she simply tried, and failed, to wrap her fingers around the godly cock, feeling an explosion of pleasure from the contact. While her fingers didn't even reach half way around, it was enough to push her even closer to that elusive orgasm she now desperately desired. Acting on instinct, Ashley began to masturbate her cock, pumping the impossible shaft with her comparatively small hand. The pressure was almost unbearable now, but the bliss she was experiencing overpowered it.

Ashley was leaning forward now, trying desperately to reach the tip of her cock. In the back of her mind, she somehow knew that if she could reach it, then she would experience a climax unlike any other, but it was no easy task, as she felt the underside of her breasts mashing into it, and yet she still had not reach the tip. Opening her eyes, Ashley could see the tip, barely out of reach, but she was now pressing her taut stomach against her new appendage. Releasing her nipples, she did the only thing she could think of. Sitting back up, Ashley pulled her cock along with her, placing the tower of her new lust between her massive tits. Wrapping both arms around it, she began to jack her phallus off with her entire body, using her biceps to press her soft breasts against it. If there was a time for her to die, that was it.

The sensations were heaven, condensed into her very being. She leaned into the pillar, kissing her turgid phallus, her tongue wildly lapping at it, coating what little of it she could in her spit. Ashley began humping the air, her instincts pleading for her to find a fertile woman and ram her cock into her womb. But there was no one else nearby, and Ashley needed relief immediately. Silencing her body's cries for procreation, she went back to masturbating her length with renewed rigour, feeling her spit running down its length, and onto her massive breasts. The added lubrication helped immensely, her cock driving between her tits and hands as though they were pussies, but it still wasn't enough, she needed even more. She looked up desperately, trying to gauge how far above her the head was.

It was impossible, she thought. Ashley never ceased masturbating herself, even as she stared in wide-eyed shock at her cock head, standing proudly well over a foot above her head. Her lust addled mind couldn't register any other details at that moment, all she knew was that she needed to cum. Cum. The word reverberated throughout her mind, egging her on with the promise of release. On a whim, she moved one arm down her pillar, moaning in both pleasure and frustration now. Her hand soon reached where her phallus connected with her crotch, an inch above her clitoris.

Moving it to her sensitive nub she lightly brushed it with her fingertips. Instantly she froze up, while she wasn't cumming, it was like the greatest pleasure she had experienced, even when compared to her recent activities. With a her desire set ablaze from that mere touch alone, Ashley began to viciously attack her clit, letting out garbled cries as she continued to lick at her cock, her fingers moving over her swollen pussy, the tips sinking slightly into her virgin cunt. Not long after that first touch of her clitoris, Ashley felt a strange new kind of pressure building within her gut. Before she could be worried however, she felt the pressure release.

Her body jerked wildly. Her fingers sunk into her soaked cunt, striking and almost tearing her hymen, while she felt her feminine juices spray around her hand, but that was next to nothing compared to the mind destroying sensations shooting through her cock. On instinct, she knew she had reached her climax. Ashley let her cock fall back down, moving both her hands to her breasts, roughly kneading them and pinching her rock hard nipples in an effort to prolong her orgasm. Her mind hardly registered the pressure in her breasts and its sudden release, as she watched in awe, as a ball of what she could only assume to be cum, traversed her cocks massive length. When it reached the tip she let out a cry of bliss, as what could easily be a gallon of thick, viscous white liquid shot forth, reaching the antique grandfather clock over nine feet away from her. Another ball of cum was making its way up even before the current shot had begun to dwindle.

In the back of her mind, Ashley knew that she would forever be addicted to this pleasure. A small thought entered her mind, one that told her she should share her bliss with others, but it was shot down by the loud roar of her orgasm. It seemed as though her climax would never end, as yet another ball of her cum travelled up her length, another following not far behind. She never lost any power with each spurt however, in fact it seemed to be increasing. Somewhere in the back of her conscious mind she guessed she had been cumming for almost three minutes strait, and with no end in sight. Ashley surveyed the room through hazy vision, the pleasure still continuously coursing through her, and stared slack jawed. The door was water tight, and there were no other escapes for fluid in the room, and by now the entire floor was a puddle of cum. Strangely the thought sent a rush of pleasure through her body, spurring her cock to cum even harder.

At the five minute mark she could feel her cum production starting to dwindle, if only slightly. The puddle of cum had now turned into a shallow pool. Another three minutes passed and only then did her seemingly endless supply of sperm seem to come to an end. She jerked her slightly shrunken length, watching as the last drops oozed from her cock and were added to the five inch deep pool. Running her hand through the river, she brought it to her lips, licking up what was there. Immediately she was taken by the taste, working her tired body to try and shovel as much as she could into her mouth. It was so thick she had to chew before swallowing every mouthful, and she swore she could even feel the legions of sperm wriggling about on her tongue. She couldn't care less as she shovelled more and more into her hungry maw.

She moved a hand to her breast, kneading it gently as she felt her lust start to burn through her once again. She felt something wet on her hand, but it was too thin to be her cum. Stopping her frenzied feeding, Ashley looked down at her breasts, and saw a continuous stream of milk pouring from her nipples. Bringing her soaked hand to her mouth she tasted the milk. Like her cum it seemed completely addictive. She raised one breast to her mouth, sucking on her nipple, massaging it with her tongue in an attempt to get more milk. It filled her mouth quickly, forcing her to swallow almost faster than she could manage. Meanwhile, she massaged her other breast, letting her milk pour into the pool of cum, mixing the two together. As she fed she felt her cock once more rise.