 Bears, Porridge, and Honey:

A Pair of Goldilocks by The Preve

Story One---The Sticky Cheerleader: Part Two

Cynthia caught the brothers off guard. The cooperative, orgasmic body beneath them, transformed into a whirlwind of flying arms, fists, and legs. "Shriek! Scream! Help! Get off me you perverts!" the cheerleader shrilled...and then she saw the true nature of the men bearing down upon her.

Cynthia's screams ascended upwards several octaves; her struggles increased to a hyperactive frenzy.

Imagine three men; big, fat, and hairy. Men whose faces sported large bulbous noses, broad mouths ringed with sharp yellow fangs, and great red beards, with huge whiskers festooning elongated jaws. 

Shaggy reddish-brown hair cascaded from their heads. Brown hair carpeted their bulky bodies. The men's ears were tiny and set too far back in their huge heads to be human. 

Three pairs of dark, pupil less black eyes, set deep in broad faces, stared at the cowering girl. Giant paw-like hands held Cynthia in iron vise grips. 

Finally (a sight that terrified the girl to stark white panic), three thick tuberous cocks, long, hairy, and erect, and propped on gigantic softball testicles, pointed straight at her.

"AAAAAH!! Get away!! You're monsters! Freaks! Help!!" Cynthia screamed.

"You trespassed on our property, girl," growled Gurd.

"Ate our food," grunted Sigmund.

"Messed our beds," snarled Olaf.

"And left the television on, wasting our electricity," barked Gurd. "By ancient rights you be ours to do with as we please."

"I was wet! I was hungry!" Cynthia sobbed. "It was only going to be a little while, until my clothes dried. Please don't eat me!"

"Beg all you want girl," growled Sigmund. "The brothers Gundersson show no mercy to interlopers, especially if they're hot babes who fall into our beds."

"When we're done you'll be wet alright, grrrl!" growled Olaf.

"Aye! We'll fill you up, grrrl!" snarled Gurd.

"Oh nononono!!" cried Cynthia. She wriggled and struggled, an eel in the brothers' grip.

"Hold still grrrl, or else it'll go the worse for you," growled Sig.

"Brothers!" barked Olaf. "I know something that will make our task much easier!" He snuffled out of the room.

Gurd and Sig mounted opposite ends of the bed. Gurd sat on Cynthia's legs to keep her from kicking. Sig squeezed behind Cynthia and forced the cheerleader's arms behind her back, propping the girl against his massive chest.

Cynthia's breasts bobbed in terror. Her saucer blue eyes gazed at the "man" crouched on her legs. Fear sweat drenched her skin. She glanced about the room. "Oh please! Someone! Anyone!" she despaired.

Her nervous eyes occasionally darted to the bear-man's thick, fleshy shaft jutting from his furry balls. A bead of pre-cum welled at the tip, poised ominously near her wet pussy.

Cynthia squirmed but Sig's vice-like grip hindered her movements. Gurd's thick, pink tongue licked his mouth. He rumbled a menacing growl, smacking his lips. Cynthia felt sick, "Oh God, if I get out of this..."

The brothers heard Olaf rummage in the basement. He returned carrying a large glass jar. The jar contained a glowing, golden liquid. "Honey?" Cynthia thought.

"Freyja's Gold!" growled Sig, with a joyful bark.

"Excellent choice, brother!" snarled Gurd. Cynthia shrank from the lewd look on his face. "What is that stuff? What are you going to do?" she asked balefully.

"You'll find out soon enough, grrrl!" snarled Sig.

"Freyja's Gold!" laughed Gurd. "She coupled with a frost giant and spilled her cum, har, har! Flowers grew from her essence, Silver Purse flowers. Our bees make honey from their nectar. We Gunderssons have made the sacred honey for generations. We stay true to our mother goddess. You should feel honored; fortunate is the woman so anointed."

"I don't feel fortunate," muttered the squirming Cynthia.

"Oi! Brothers, hold her fast while I pour," said Olaf.

The young were-bear approached the bed. He raised the jar over his head and tipped. Cynthia's sweaty breasts quivered as liquid gold cascaded from the jar. 

Cool honey covered her breasts. The shock perked her nipples; Cynthia heaved and gasped. Olaf ran the jar over her body, covering her quivering torso, quaking belly, and restless legs in cool, sticky sweetness. He poured an extra thick layer on her pussy.

Cynthia's golden crowned rose drowned in thick syrup. Gurd allowed his thick moist shaft to be smothered as well. "Har! Har!" he laughed. "Candy for you my morsel." Cynthia wasn't sure she wanted his candy.

Olaf moved the jar to her face. Cynthia whipped her head to and fro but could not prevent the honey facial. Honey covered Cynthia's nose, forcing the cheerleader to open her mouth.

Golden sugar flowed over her tongue, overflowed her orifice, forcing the cheerleader to swallow the divine nectar. The aureate syrup choked the girl as she desperately gulped the honey into her belly.

"Oh God! I'm drowning! They're killing me!" she panicked. "I'm turning into honey baked Cynthia!" Her fearful thoughts clashed with a startling revelation, "Hey! This stuff tastes good!"

Sigmund, sensing the girl's distress, relaxed his grip and propped the cheerleader to a sitting position. 

Honey showered down the girl's golden hair, over her shoulders, down her back, to the ass. Some got on Sigmund, making his crotch and sizable cock sticky sweet as Gurd's. Soon the cheerleader was smothered, head to toe, in sugar sweet effluence.

Olaf poured the rest of the jar's contents over his own humungous dick. His penis, already erect, stiffened into iron hard rigidity. The sacred nectar turned his brothers' assets into rock hard throbbing pricks. The Gundersson brothers' softball sized sperm sacs inflated to basketballs.

The frenzy seeped into the were-bears' bodies. Freyja earned her reputation as a fertility goddess. The lust engorged brothers let the honey work its magic on the girl.

"What's happening to me?!" Cynthia thought. Heat bloomed in her belly and radiated outward. The heat entered her crotch; her pussy grew moist as her clit swelled. "'?' I'm wet!"

The cheerleader's skin blushed a soft pink; her nipples plumped into rush buds. Cynthia squirmed, a sinuous undulation. Outrage and terror washed against a tide of honey induced lust.

"I can't believe this is happening! (Oh God!) Three freak men are holding me captive! (! God! Those cocks are huge!) I'm covered in honey! (I'm wet!) They're about to rape me! (I'm sooo horny!) I've got to get out of here! (I want more!)

Cynthia's pink tongue licked sensually at her lips. Her honey coated skin gleamed in the afternoon light. The cheerleader's golden hair plastered in sticky wet curl lets to her shoulders. 

Sig loosened his grip. "I think our little pie is sweetened, brothers," he growled hoarsely. 

Cynthia's hands moved down her sticky body. One hand went to her boobs, tweaked a nipple, and pumped the flesh. The other roamed down her hitching belly to her caramelized crotch.

Glazed fingers dipped into her swollen vulva. Her own honey spilled out of her flower to mingle with the outer sweetness.

Cynthia looked at the bear man facing her; his honey coated cock dripped with pre-cum. She licked her lips and opened her legs wider. "Oooo! Mmmm!" she cooed. 

"Yes brothers, I believe she is," snarled Gurd. "Time to seed her."

Gurd, whose erect dick was closest to Cynthia's moist vagina, had the honor of first penetration. He grabbed her legs, raised them to his shoulders, and drilled forward. 

Cynthia's last shreds of sanity howled, "Noooo!" Her lust hissed, "Yesss!"

Gurd's glans brushed against Cynthia's clit. The mere touch sent spasms across the cheerleader's body; a spurt of cum splattered Gurd's candied stick. The were-bear's self control frayed. He wanted to be deep inside this honey before letting loose.

Cynthia gasped a lusty "Aaaah!" stunned by the hot climax. She watched the bear man slide into her body. The throbbing shaft made a soft, velvety "Ssshhh!" as it moved through her crevasse; pulsing veins and candy coated skin underwent a gradual immersion within her flesh.

Cynthia's eyes grew wide and she ground her teeth; Gurd's girth stretched her passage to its limit. "Uuuhhhnn!" she moaned. Her hands smeared honey and sweat across her torso. Her back arched into a pink and gold rainbow. Brothers Sig and Olaf rumbled and growled, letting Freyja's Gold build their lust.

A bulge marked the journey of Gurd's shaft through her pelvis. His penis' honeyed skin slid across her moistened walls; cum and honey mingled into a sugary brew. 

Gurd's sugar coated pubes moved closer. Honey gold and caramel brown fused together. Honey, cum, and sweat glued and gooed Gurd between the cheerleader's legs.

The were-bear started to pump; cum and honey splashed on the bed; gooey balls slapped against her lower gams. Cynthia's silk walls caressed Gurd's shaft, basting honey on his meat.

Each thrust inward drew a growl from the berserker. "Grr!...Grr!...Grr!" Cynthia replied with corresponding grunts, "Ugh!...Ugh!...Ugh!"

Words were not spoken; flesh and lust sounds dominated the room: the faint 'smack!' of Gurd's balls against Cynthia's ass; the 'Grr!..Ugh!..Grr!..Ugh!' back and forth of the fucking; the 'squeak!' of the bedsprings; and the heavy breaths of the four orgiasts. 

Sig and Olaf, unable to resist the berserker lust any longer, took positions over and under the cheerleader's body.

Gurd's thrusts drove Cynthia's body against Sig. Her honey and sweat slimed back smeared against his matted pelt. Cynthia's belly pumped in and out. She moved her hands over Gurd's shaft, feeling the warm, hard skin slide through her palms.

Sanity and reason were long gone from Cynthia's mind. Eros and Freyja's Gold ruled triumphant. Cynthia gave herself completely to lust; raging orgasms racked her body.

Sig and Olaf commenced their part in the orgy. Sig's candied glans brushed along the cheerleader's ass crack. Electric shivers raced up his shaft; Sig shuddered. "Grrr! Smooth as baby skin!" he growled.

The were-bear reached underneath the cheerleader to spread her cheeks. His steel-hard pole slid into her anus' moist tunnel. "Uuuunnng!" Cynthia moaned.

She clenched her eyes; salty tears beaded through the closed lids. The first bear man's huge cock stretched her pussy to the threshold. Now Cynthia underwent another painful reaming, as his brother thrust deep into her other hole. 

Sig pumped his shaft until its tip touched her rectum. The berserker's hairy crotch glued against her soft cheeks. 

Cynthia's ass and cunt holes were in close proximity. Sig and Gurd's humungous balls could not help but brush against each other. The touching testicles only excited the brothers. The fucking increased to frenzied levels. Sig placed his great paws on Cynthia's melons and kneaded their doughy softness.

Sig and Gurd's positions bent Cynthia into a 'V'. Gurd propped and held her legs; Sig held her upper body. The cheerleader rested on a cushion of thrusting, pumping bear flesh. Now Olaf stepped between the 'V' to straddle Cynthia's lust-bloated body.

The berserker's giganto-cock, dripping with pre-cum and honey, swayed inches from the cheerleader's face. Sticky syrup beaded on Cynthia's breasts.

Olaf took the big throbber in his paws and held the tip to Cynthia's wet lips. "Taste the flesh of a son of Odin, grrrl!" he growled.

A thick candy-coated treat dangled inches from Cynthia's mouth. She licked her lips, savoring the sweet/salt taste of honey and jizz. She wrapped her sticky sweet hands around Olaf's gooey confection. The cheerleader opened her mouth to inhale the largest cock she ever sucked. 

To Be Continued...