 Story One---The Sticky Cheerleader: Conclusion

Cynthia's two ex-boyfriends bore testimony to her broken chastity. Until the bears, however, the young woman exercised conservative sexual tastes. The bear fucking destroyed the old Cynthia.

The honey covered blonde's tongue slithered around Olaf's sweet sausage. Bear syrup trickled down her throat. 

"Grrrrooaann!" Olaf moaned. His great balls bobbed along Cynthia's breasts, touching Sig's massaging fingers. He grabbed the blonde's honey-slick hair, brought her head forward, and plumbed his shaft deep.

Cynthia's plump lips milked Olaf's cock like a Vegas prostitute. She took him in to the edge of her esophagus, braced for a blast of cum. 

A cocoon of hot, sticky flesh enwrapped the cheerleader. The brothers' configuration connected them into a carnal circle: Sig to Gurd's balls, Gurd's head to Olaf's ass, and Sig's hands sandwiched between Olaf's balls and Cynthia's globes.

The four orgiasts bonded into a mass of gooey, sweaty, flesh; grunts and growls, under laid with faint moans, emanated from the sugary mass. "Grrr!...Ugh!...Mmmm!...Grrr!...Ugh!...Mmmm!"

The brothers thrust into the young woman's body in unison. The growls ("Grrr!...Grrr!...Grrr!") synchronized into a primal call, responded by rhythmic moans ("Mmmm!...Mmmm!...Mmmm!"). The sounds assumed a singsong quality, "Grrr! Mmmm! Grrr! Mmmm!"

Cynthia rolled her eyes, overwhelmed by ecstasy. Olaf's cock in and outed her hot, wet mouth. She teased the were-bear's soft flesh with light nips of her teeth. 

The brothers' growls vibrated the walls. Cynthia's moans ululated into howls. "Oh God! I'm cumming! We're all cumming!" she moaned. "Grrr!...Grrr!...Grrooaarrr!!" the brothers roared.

Orgasms exploded on, over, and inside the four orgiasts. Gallons of semen pumped into the blonde's hot body. Cynthia worked frantically to "Gulp! Gulp! Gulp!" the flood of cream filling her mouth. The soft skin of her belly brushed Olaf's balls, as it plumped with Gurd's porridge.

The cheerleader's body proved unable to contain the man juice. Semen blasted out of her orifices; bear spunk covered all bodies.

Olaf withdrew his cock from Cynthia's mouth before her lungs filled. The were-bear splooged the gasping girl; bear cream showered over her face and boobs, while Sig gave her a jizz enema. Cynthia's plumped belly expelled the excess, sopping Gurd's crotch and Olaf's ass.

The berserker wave crested and receded. The Gunderssons exhaled a loud "Howl!" and settled on the cum-soaked bed. Cynthia coughed out cum and sucked in fetid air. 

The were-bears lay around her. A sticky effluence of cum, honey, and sweat covered all. Cynthia's post-coital mind reeled.

The experience went beyond her imagination; outrage clashed with new possibilities. She lay immersed in warm gooey flesh, questioning whether to escape and call the police, or stay and explore the new paradigm.

"Arrrr!" growled Sig. "That was fucking cool brothers!"

"Aye!" barked Olaf. "We nailed that ass!"

"Oi!" grunted Gurd. "How long since we had some good cherry pie?!"

"Too long!" chorused all three.

*'!' Fuckers! I'm calling the police!* Cynthia fumed. Her after sex confusion vanished under a wave of outrage. These three 'men' reamed her to within an inch of her life; now they boasted around her like she didn't exist. 

"Cough! Guys, I'm still here!"

"Aye Grrrrl!" snarled Olaf. "We be not through with you yet. To the shower brothers."

"Oh no!" gulped the cheerleader. "Oh God, what now?!" Visions of a nasty death invaded her brain. "They can't leave me as a witness. Not after this; I'm fucked!"

The brothers rose from the bed. Olaf lifted Cynthia and slung her over his shoulder. The young woman's belly flattened as jizz poured out of her pussy; cream ran down Olaf's chest. 

She put up a brief struggle. "No use fighting, grrl," laughed Sig. "Few women escape the clutches of the Gunderssons"

Cynthia raised herself on Olaf's shoulder. "What are you going to do?" she asked fearfully.

"We're all taking a shower," laughed Gurd.

The dripping gooey quartet tromped to the bathroom; into the shower they went. A turn of the faucet brought steaming hot rain. 

Cynthia swayed on her feet; she stood upright for the first time in hours. The brothers poured soap and shampoo over themselves and the cheerleader. Bear spunk, honey, and sweat ran down the drain. 

The Gunderssons surrounded the young blonde. "Time for a cleaning, grrrl," snarked Olaf. Cynthia sighed, resigned to another reaming. "I never thought I'd grow used to big hairy men," she thought. "And so quickly." Now, instead of hot and sticky, everyone was wet and slick.

The "cleaning", a series of fucks and penetrations, commenced. The Gunderssons subjected Cynthia to a game of pork and switch. Positions changed with clockwork regularity. 

Olaf came behind the cheerleader, bent back, and lifted the young woman, impaling her on his hard wood. He rammed deep into her tight moist anus. Her wet pussy was exposed, wide open to Gurd. 

Gurd knelt down, opened his mouth, and covered her cunt. His big red tongue swirled over Cynthia's clit, penetrating deep to suck the juice from her flower. 

Sigmund, meanwhile, bent to suck at Cynthia's swollen buds. The four way fuck drove the blonde out of control.

"Uuuunnngh!" she howled. The ram-suck-suck shattered the cheerleader's mind into sex saturated fragments. "Aaaahhh! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Ream me out!" she screamed. Frenzied sexual profanities (the old Cynthia never spoke thus to her boyfriends) expectorated from her luscious lips.

The mutual cumming came soon after. Cynthia's cunt splurted moisture, gulped down by Gurd, while bear splooge spurted from an ass unable to handle the cream flood. The Gunderssons were just starting.

A synchronized shift, later and Cynthia was on all fours, sucking out Gurd, while Sig reamed her anus and, after a thorough washing, Olaf's dick drilled her cunt. The berserker's hands milked her boobs and his mouth masticated the cheerleader's pink tits. 

A third shift saw Cynthia suspended between Sig and Gurd, berserker cocks embedded in her pussy and ass, the cheerleader bouncing up and down, her hands pumping her boobs, mouth wide open and moaning ("Oh!...Oh!...Oh!), while Olaf waited his turn.

Hours were spent in a swirl of water and fucking. The Gunderssons penetrated Cynthia over and over. Her womb, stomach, and ass overflowed with spunk, the excess ran down the drain. 

Cynthia came and came and came into unconsciousness; before the shower faded to dark she heard these words, "You are our sow now, grrrl."

The brothers sat in the living room. Naked Cynthia, jizz-filled belly slightly distended, slept on the couch. 

"A good time brothers," sighed Olaf.

"Damn straight," agreed Gurd.

"Odin bless Freyja's Gold!" laughed Sigmund. "Did you see her at the end, really into it, she's our sow alright!"

"I'm going to need a new bed Sigmund," said Olaf. "The old one must be burned."

"Aye, and there's cleaning to be done," said Gurd.

"Aye, I'll get on the bed tomorrow. I be bushed...We scored today brothers."

"Aye!"

Epilogue

Cynthia staggered home late that evening. Her volcanic parents erupted with questions.

"I'm fine...really. I got caught in the storm. Some people took me in...I fell asleep."

"Oh, we really have to thank them," her mother said.

"They were Gunderssons."

"Oh," her mother replied. Gunderssons lived all over the area.

"Mom, I'm going to bed. I'm...uh...tired."

"Ok dear." Mrs. Gold looked at her daughter closely. Something seemed different, "Are you sure you're alright, honey?"

"I'm fine." Cynthia turned to walk up the stairs; she paused, "Mom, what's a sow?"

"What dear?"

"Never mind."

She walked into the bedroom and took off her clothes. Cynthia lay naked on the bed, running her hands over the soft curve of her belly. Her belly would flatten, but not for long, she knew. "I'll see them again," she thought, "A bear's sow...are all Gunderssons like that?" Cynthia slept in her bed.

The End