 Story Two---The Honey Trap: Conclusion

"B-B-B-Buttered?!" Phil stuttered.

Lou and Elena's hands stroked his back. Lou's fingers ran along his spine while Elena stroked and squeezed his buttocks. The women stroked his front as well. Elena tickled his belly. Lou moved her hand to his lightly haired groin. She cupped his sex and did things Phil, prior to this moment, barely knew were possible.

"It's a game we like to play," Lou whispered.

"We play it with our guests sometimes," murmured Elena.

Phil was near to cumming. The explosion was right around the corner; caught between two huge women, feeling every part of his body, made a creaming inevitable yet, incredibly, something held him back. A lingering fear, some residue from Miami, an inhibiting terror of humiliation, raised a barrier between pleasure and release; that...and the over-awing vision of Brunhilde's nude body. 

Clothed, Brunhilde was a dream; naked, she was a goddess; a stunning sculpture of marble pale skin and streamlined muscles. 

Phillip remembered pictures of female body builders; he generally dismissed them as female Schwartzeneggers, too puffy and masculine for his taste. Brunhilde was definitely female. 

Her muscular structure harmonized with her curves. Her abdomen and pelvis were well-defined. The detail and implied strength impressed the sophomore, "'Almost like a snake's underbelly.'"

Brunhilde's thick, flaming bush confirmed the woman as a natural redhead. Phillip saw, nestled within the untrimmed red carpet, a thick, meaty pussy; the largest lips he'd ever seen on a woman, almost a second mouth.

A dusting of red hair coated her statuesque legs, as did her armpits. "'The Gudrunsdottirs don't shave.'"

Her most striking feature, as with the other sisters, was her giant mams. They sat high on her chest, no hint of sag, but just the slightest teardrop; as near a perfect pair of udders as Phil knew. Crowned by deep pink silver dollars, and giant pacifier nipples, they inspired visions of jug-sucking 'til toothlessness within the young sophomore.

Brunhilde stood; hands on her hips, letting the gap-mouthed young man take in her vision. "Like what you see?"

"Uh...um...mmmm..." Phil replied. The sisters' hands were everywhere; the vision before him, beyond his experience. She was terrifying, she was beautiful. Phil's mind overloaded with desire, but still he didn't cum.

"I think he's had enough for the moment sissies. Let's start the game," Brunhilde, smirking, said. Lou and Elena stopped with an abruptness that stunned Phil. "? The fuck?!" Louella leaned down and whispered in his ear, "We'll be in the shower if you want more."

The women left the kitchen, leaving a shocked Phil sitting in the cushioned chair, red, sweaty, gasping and twitching; giant erection hot and dripping with pre-cum. "What the...? What...? What the fuck was that?"

It was close to Miami, but not quite. He didn't feel embarrassed, just confused. He sat at the table until the twitching stopped. When he left the chair, Phil realized he was still hard. 

He stood by the chair, debating whether to follow or flee, in spite of his nudity. "The last girl who did this to me, lured me into a trap."; but their hands...and that killer body...and those gigantic breasts....Phil was uncertain and suspicious, but also horny; and he had few options. "May as well step into it," he said with a hint of nervousness, and followed.

They left a trail. Louella's khaki shorts on the couch, Elena's denims at the stairs, the sisters' shirts in the hallway, a trail of socks, shoes, and panties down the corridor. 

Phillip followed, his erect penis leading the way; nervous, fearful of what lay ahead, but unable to turn back.

The bathroom was steamed up, the shower running full blast. Phil started to sweat immediately, and not from the heat. The sisters were waiting, all naked, slick, and shiny. "Guh!" Phil dropped his jaw, blue eyes and senses overwhelmed by the vision of flesh towering before him.

A familiar scent permeated the room, "'?' Cocoa butter!" Phil's mother loved cocoa butter. A large vase full of the cream sat near the shower. The sisters had slathered themselves head to toe. 

The sisters' nudity allowed Phil to view the similarities among them. Louella and Elena sported the same muscular structure as Brunhilde; curvy with well-defined muscles around the abdomen and pelvis, huge high-riding breasts with a slight teardrop, and thick, meaty pussies with huge lips. Lou and Elena sported thick bushes and hair on their legs and pits, honey blonde and deep brown respectively.

Miami diminished to a pinprick within Phil's mind. He realized, to his shock, the kitchen and bathroom represented going further with a girl than at any point in his life. "No," he corrected. "Not a girl, woman...women."

He didn't know what would happen. His penis grew more erect, throbbing and pointing as if straining to rip from his crotch; it was almost painful. Phil moaned a faint warble of yearning and desire. 

Louella padded forward, moving as a stalking panther to a mouse. Phillip nearly cringed before her predatory beauty. Towering over him, gazing with the eyes of a hawk, she said quietly, "Close the door Phil."

Phil's hand groped behind him until he grasped the handle of the French door. Louella reached over and grasped the other. They closed the doors; Phil never took his eyes off Lou's face.

Lou grasped his dick, running her fingers over its pulsing veins and swollen balls. "Ah!" Phil gasped. His body tensed, blue eyes widened, teeth gritted. Lou leaned close. "I was right. You have nothing to be embarrassed about," she whispered.

Lou backed into the shower, leading Phil by his cock, stroking it all the way. Phil staggered after, clenched fists to his sides, dick dripping with pre-cum. Tense from head to toe, with his buttocks tight; he looked more the statue than ever. 

She drew Phil close enough to the shower for the mist to create a sheen of moisture on his skin. The sisters surrounded the sophomore. Phil was too mesmerized to marvel at the irony of finally swimming in babe flesh. 

The scent of cocoa butter hung in the damp air. Louella stroked Phil with one hand and cupped his chin with the other. "Close your eyes Phil, time to play," she said quietly. Phil whimpered. 

He didn't know the sisters' plans, but a part of him feared their response if he didn't obey. Confused, fearful, and completely under the sisters' power, he complied. 

Three pairs of hands descended upon his body. The scent of cocoa butter was almost smothering. Hands smeared the cream across his face, around his neck, down his back to his ass. He gasped as fingers entered his crack, smearing butter in his asshole. 

Hands cupped his balls, stroked his rock hard shaft, slickened them with butter and pre-cum. Hands moved across his belly and chest, and moved up and down his legs. They even smeared butter into his hair. 

When the sisters were finished they stood back. "Open your eyes," Lou said. Phil did as she commanded. He looked at his body. He was slick and shiny like flesh colored porcelain...or a statue. 

"Lie down." Phil didn't hesitate, kneeling, sitting, and then lying on his back, anxious to see what the sisters were going to do.

"Ok sisters, it's time," said Brunhilde. Phil glanced around, staying silent as the sisters kneeled and positioned themselves: Elena at his feet, Brunhilde at his head, and Louella at his groin. 

"Relax Phil," Louella said, "It won't take long."

"I'm relaxed," he replied. Looking down, "Most of me any way."

The tiled floor was cool, wet, and not uncomfortable. Brunhilde leant over Phil, her enormous breasts blotted out the overhead lights. Elena leaned forward and gripped Phil's legs. A comic image of himself doing nude sit-ups flashed in Phil's brain, before Louella's hands distracted him with sexual activity.

Cupping his balls with one hand, Louella took his semi-rigid shaft in the other. She stroked him to a swollen spear, smearing the pre-cum beading out of his glans onto her hand. 

Phil's cock apexed, shiny red and throbbing. Louella lowered her mouth to its tip, pushed out her tongue, and licked his cockhole, sending quakes through his body. It was the final straw for the young sophomore. 

"Awww God!" he screamed. All his muscles, from belly to legs, spasmed; rolling and clenching his eyes, grinding his teeth he cried, "Awww God! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna blow!"

The cum welled through his shaft but, just before he exploded, Louella opened her mouth and swallowed him almost to his pubes. Her tongue slithered over his cock; her teeth lightly brushed his thin pulsing skin. She braced her throat for the flood. "Auuugh!" the sophomore screamed, and he blew inside her with all the force of a volcano.

Louella demonstrated the strength of her family by gulping down Phil's cock and cum. Her throat, jaw, and tongue worked violently, swallowing Phil's seed, and his years of sexual frustration, into her belly.

Meanwhile, Brunhilde smoothed her fingers across Phil's clenching muscles. His head was cradled in her groin, resting on the cushion of her red muff. Her boobs dangled over his head like swollen fruit.

Phil's body writhed in rhythm to Louella's pumps. Now he brought his hands to next source of erotic fulfillment, Brunhilde's ponderous melons. He stroked the fat flesh and nipples, the only soft parts of the redhead's body. 

Phil had not sucked tit since infancy, but the desire to place his mouth on Brunhilde's succulent fruit was near overwhelming. The redhead had other ideas. "Have you ever had pussy?"

"? Huh?" Phil was momentarily shocked. He came (Louella slurped and gulped him with the skill of a prostitute, he was already building to his next orgasm), and asked, "What?"

Brunhilde stood up and sat astride his head. Phil gaped; he was a virgin (considerably less so due to the Gudrunsdottirs), but not that naïve. His few experiences barely got him to second base. Now, the sisters served him every sexual fantasy he'd ever dreamed. 

Phil's wide blue eyes took in every detail of Brunhilde's pussy; the canyon wide slit, the lust bloated lips, the thick tongue-like clit that almost seemed to move, the pink cave dripping cum on his face, and the flaming red crown surrounding it.

Her asshole was a pinprick compared to the gaping mouth lowering itself to his face. Fear, lust, and anticipation battled for control. "I shouldn't be scared," he thought, but the hovering maw gave the impression of an approaching predator. 

"I should leave," he gulped silently. "I should get up and run, right now." But fear and lust kept him in place, and Elena held his legs like a vise.

Brunhilde watched Elena as she lowered herself onto Phil's face; both women had the same predatory hunger in their expressions. Elena licked her lips like a great cat. Louella sated her own hunger on the boy's cock.

The cavernous pussy drew closer and closer to Phil, until it blended into abstract colors of pink and red. Then the world faded into a soft, moist black.

Phil extended his tongue, tasting her salty cum. He was unsure of what to do. He'd heard about this act, but never in a million years thought this would happen.

He squirmed nervously (part of it was orgasm, Louella still sucked him). It helped when Brunhilde ground herself onto his face. While it became difficult to breathe, his lips and tongue touched the spongy inner skin. 

He licked and sucked, hoping he did correctly. He placed his hands on her legs, if only because it felt like the right position.

"Mmmm," Brunhilde purred. She swayed her body, moving and grinding across the young man's face. Light reflected off her gleaming skin. Her red hair hung wet off her body. She put her hands on her boobs and massaged her hugely swollen tits. "Thaaat's it. Keep working, you beautiful, delicious, yummy little....boy!"

Brunhilde smiled savagely. Her abdominal and pelvic muscles rippled in sinuous waves. Phillip, face buried in her pussy, was unaware of anything wrong at first. The warm, moist feeling of her cunt was confined mostly to his face. He wasn't alarmed when the feeling spread to cover the rest of his head.

Breathing was still difficult, but he figured Brunhilde would finish in a few moments. Phil also had other distractions; namely Louella (he was cumming regularly at this point), and something soft (?), warm, and wet covering his feet. "'?' What's Elena doing?"

The soft, wet feeling spread to his ears. The effect was as if two thick pillows, soaked in warm water, enveloped his head. Phillip was new to cunnilingus, but even he knew something was odd. 

"That's it. Time to stop. Something about this is wrong." Phil pushed at Brunhilde's legs as a signal to ask her to get up. Instead the redhead inched forward, and Phil's head seemed to sink deeper into her pussy. "'?!' What the fuck's going on?!"

He pushed harder; Brunhilde's legs, crooked on either side of him, dragged her body forward. The wetness spread to his neck; something thick and slimy slid along the nape, like a clit...or a tongue. Phillip began to panic

"What's happening?! Help!" He flailed and pounded at Brunhilde's legs with his fists. Her legs were hard and unyielding like granite pillars. Phillip became aware of two incongruous and sickening facts: he was still cumming into Louella's mouth, and another warm, wet envelope was covering his feet and moving up his legs.

"Oh God! What the fuck's happening?! Who are these women?! Help!"

Brunhilde watched the bulge of Phillip's head move up her pelvis. His panicked thrashing excited her clit; cum squirted over his head, down his neck, and across his shoulders and chest. Cum and cocoa butter were great lubricants. 

Her muscles rippled and flexed, the way a snake swallows a mouse. The boy flailed and fought, his screams muffled in her thick body. Phil's struggles were futile; the Gudrunsdottirs had swallowed far stronger men.

"Mmmm," she purred, licking her lips. The boy was delicious. She paused, preparing her vagina for his shoulders; shoulders were always difficult. It helped that this one was small. 

She looked down the young man's squirming, buttered body. His belly rose in and out, his back arced and thighs pumped. Brunhilde smiled and played with her boobs. Men always came when the sisters fed. Whatever happened, whatever the men did, the sisters always gave them a good time. She remembered Louella's prom, "A veritable orgy, that."

She watched her sister work Phil's shaft. Louella gulped away; she seemed to like manseed more than her sisters. "Such an enormous quantity for a little man," Brunhilde thought. Today was Louella's birthday so the sisters gave her first dibs.

Down at the end, Elena had swallowed the boy almost to his knees. Forcing his calves up her vaginal canal was akin to inserting a large dildo. "Unnngh!" she moaned; cum splashed on Phil's legs and the floor beneath him. She wrapped her legs around his and used the leverage to push forward. Her belly stretched as Phil's feet crossed the cervix into her womb. 

Elena looked at Brunhilde, gasping, panting, and licking her lips. Brunhilde gazed back with the smile of a gourmand. "Race you to the middle?" Elena challenged.

"The sis who gets there first, gets him all?"

"You're on."

Brunhilde spread her legs to 90 degree angles. Her pussy expanded to cover Phil's slim shoulders. She bent her legs at the knee and set her feet on the floor. Using her legs as oars, and her constrictor-like stomach and pelvic muscles, she propelled her body forward, simultaneously swallowing Phil's upper body into her womb.

Phil's gyrations weakened as he began to pass out from lack of oxygen. "Help! Oh God! Somebody help me!" he cried weakly.

The increasing confinement of Brunhilde's body arrested his flailing arms. Similar confinement restrained his legs. The silky inner walls of the sisters' bodies slid along his skin. In spite of the sickening and oppressive caresses, Phil was faintly disturbed to find the experience erotic. His body's reaction was confusing to his terrified mind; alternating between panicked struggles and intense orgasm. 

Brunhilde was down to his navel; her pussy slurped softly as she swallowed. Her belly and pelvis swelled into a pregnant bulge. Phil's upper body was in her womb. 

Phil's abdomen twitched; his lower arms adhered to his body, hands clenching and unclenching as if outraged by his body's imprisonment. Phil's uncovered skin was slick and shiny from sweat, cocoa butter, and cum.

Elena was closing in on his thighs. The women grunted and trembled, not so much from the strain of swallowing, as from the orgasms caused by the boy's struggles. 'Eating' was an intensely sexual act for the sisters. 

"Lou, get out of the way," Brunhilde grunted. Lou glanced at her sisters. She'd ignored their actions, preferring to concentrate on milking Phil of his seed. The Gudrunsdottirs' kind used many ways to devour men; Louella preferred cocksucking to most.

She ceased her ministrations, removing her mouth from the rigid shaft. She had a tinge of regret, and not just from having to stop. A stream of white semen spurted from the glans and hit her in the face. "Uh!" she gasped, startled. She licked some off with her tongue, before rinsing the rest in the shower.

When Lou returned she saw Phil's penis was erect and percolating cum. The cream ran down the pole and pooled in his rapidly disappearing groin.

Elena was past his thighs, her pussy starting to immerse his swollen plums. Brunhilde had passed his navel, her cunt closed on his scant pubes. What little was uncovered barely twitched. 

"I think you should give him air, Brunie," Lou said.

"Why should I? He's just food."

"Yeah, but food is better live don't you think?"

"She's got a point, Brunie," Elena agreed.

"Well, ok."

Brunhilde opened her mouth and swallowed air. Instead of flowing to her lungs, the air went to her belly where another tube, a natural snorkel, unique to her kind led to the womb. 

Phil, barely conscious, revived, and began to scream. His, renewed but limited struggles, caused both women to cum. "Mmmm, thanks Lou," Brunhilde gasped. 

Louella watched as the two sisters merged together, sealing Phil's body inside them. His slick, pale flesh gradually disappeared until only his penis remained. The red, engorged mushroom jutted from between the bulging pelvises, bubbling white jizz. "'Amazing, he has that much,'" Louella thought.

"I got here first," Elena smiled, "I win!"

The sisters' legs were interlocked; pussies touched around Phil's bubbling shaft. "Alright, you get him," Brunhilde replied. "But I want to taste him some more. You up for some fun?"

"Of course."

"Can I play?" Louella asked, not wanting to be left out.

"Why not?" Brunhilde answered. "But you get his dick."

Lou climbed between her sisters, lowering herself onto Phil's cock. He wasn't big by her standards, but she closed her cunt around his sex, making sure her clit brushed against the skin. 

The sisters ground their pussies; tongue thick clits licked across Phil's ass crack and balls. Muscles and cum caressed every inch of Phil's body, exciting him into frenzy.

"Oh Great Odin! He's tasting real good!" Brunhilde gasped.

"A lively one, this boy!" Elena shouted. 

"I'm cumming!" Louella screamed. She rode between her sisters, riding the waves that started at one end and flowed to another. 

Phil's mushroom burst; white cum splattered on the sisters' laps. The orgasmic trio tilted back their heads and howled. Ecstatic ululations rang off the tiles of the bathroom. 

Three pairs of hands fondled three pairs of gigantic melons. Large, round bellies flexed and rippled. Three hairy cunts, red, blonde, and brown converged in a carnal trinity.
