 He was just another Generation X-er. He lived in a big city in the United States. He inherited his mother's wavy brown hair and his father's brown eyes. He was close to six feet tall and slim yet muscular.

He worked as a computer technician "tekkie" at a well-known insurance company and his small apartment was lonely many nights as he worked a lot.

He was just your normal, average guy. Brandon Thompson was just your normal average guy.

Except for once a month when the moon was full he transformed into the mystical and magical werewolf.

Brandon was not your common variety of werewolf either. He neither lusted nor cared for blood, mayhem or disaster. He yearned and craved beyond all comprehension – the smell of a woman's pussy.

He was not always conscious as Brandon when he turned into the werewolf, but he knew one full moon a few months back he had tasted and raped 7 women in one night.

He was constantly having to move from city to city to hide himself but with his computer skills, jobs were never hard to find.

Though none had ever seen it, Brandon's transformation was frightening to behold. Once the full moon began, Brandon changed rapidly. His eyebrows became bushy and the ridge above his eyes hard and pronounced. His fingernails grew longer and became more like claws. His mouth was dry and he always awoke thirsty and needed at least 16 ounces to quench it. His ears became long and narrow like a fox's and against his head. Brandon's skin became rough and scratchy and he became hairy all over. His body's girth increased in size as he became bigger and his cock became engorged in blood as he searched and prowled the streets to have sex.

He usually almost tore the women apart with his huge girth, his nails and his teeth, which tore into the women's neck. Some women were lucky only being raped. Others had died. He felt remorse and guilt but was unable to control it.

He assumed his family heritage was behind his nightmare, but he would rather die than live his life in a laboratory's cage being experimented on.

Brandon had already seen his next victim. As the full moon drew closer he could smell her little cunt as she bathed, showered and dressed. Her little pussy hairs called to him at night and when she fingered herself the night before he had howled and moaned in frustration. She was calling to him.

Lydia was his neighbor down the hall. A curvy thing with high breasts and wide hips -she was beautiful. She had long black hair and chocolate colored eyes. She ignored him and kept to herself except when her Asian boyfriend visited her every so often.


She couldn't have been more than 25 years old and Brandon at 29 could have cared less. If she had waltzed into his apartment naked and beckoning to him, she couldn't have said it louder. When her Asian boyfriend banged her the weekend before, Brandon had felt the white cum fall down her legs and had breathed in her scent across the hall and in his room. He had sniffed the air like a dog after his bitch in heat and he had wanted her then, but knew it was impossible. But as the full moon appeared – it was time.

He changed rapidly and his back, arms and thighs exploded. He stuffed his head in his bedroom pillow and screamed. The pain was always unbearable. He always knew what to expect and could never begin to prepare. His hair bristled all over him as his fangs showed through his lips. His ears flew up, pointy and then back and his claws came sticking out. He knew he looked like a monster. He knew he was a nightmare in human form. Lastly, his cock enlarged and grew thick with his blood and urged him on. 

The creature might have been able to control himself had it not been for the blood pounding into his cock. It surged him forward and he was unable to stop until he climaxed again and again inside unsuspecting and unwary women.

He knew where he wanted to go. The girl. The one Brandon would never approach or even speak to. Idiot. The creature had thought and reason from Brandon, though he hated Brandon. Brandon had the whole month to spoil and rot and "he" only had the one night to enjoy.

He knew where she kept the key under her mat and opened and closed the door. He walked into her apartment clumsily and ill-balanced. He always preferred the outdoors. He loved to rip the women's cunts open in the park or in dark alleys. Loved to force them against his large, hairy body and sink his blood pounding cock into their tight pussies. He wanted to howl at the thought but stopped himself. Just before he entered the room of the girl's he took his cock in his large hands and pissed in the corner.

He was a dog in human form and marked his territory carefully. The piss dribbled onto the door of her room and into the corner. He sighed happily at his marking and walked fully into the room.

She lay on her back. She wore a t-shirt and panties. Her young breasts pointed proudly to the ceiling and her panties barely covered her pussy mound.

He walked to her – his legs muscled and strong. He loved this part. It thrilled him beyond compare. The moment when they screamed and struggled and he knew – knew – it was futile. He had never had one get away. And he never would. His claws gripped together as his nails dug in. His long tongue licked his lips and his fangs were barred back.

Tasty, tasty, morsel, he thought. Tasty.

The girl shifted in her sleep and he leaped upon her form with no words and no preamble.

Lydia was jerked awake and tried to scream as his claw came down upon her mouth.

Her heart slammed into her chest as a dog/ape/man lay crouched over her. The thing was frightening as it stared at her. The thing that was almost too much to bear was its yellow eyes that were glazed over. She knew it wasn't human.

He took his claw away as she stammered, "Please what do you want?"

The fangs were bared in a semblance of a grin as his claws tore away her panties tearing them to shreads and her small shirt. She yelped and looked down at his huge, blooded engorged cock.

He pulled her underneath him and raked her legs with his claws drawing blood. He pulled her slim white thighs roughly apart and stuck one large razor sharp nail inside her.

She cried out arching into his hairy body. "Please, no." She didn't even know if she could talk to this thing.

He never spoke to them. He only wanted their pussies and the tightness that left his cock feeling sated.

He moved down below her body and his nose nuzzled her pussy. He breathed against the small hole and watched as the little slut arched into him. She wanted his cock. They all wanted it. Brandon was a worthless little loser. Flowers and candy hah! They wanted cock. They breathed, slept and ate cock. His big meat stick was what they dreamed about.

He sank his nose deep into the tight pussy and smelled her. He could smell the cum from that little Asian nerd. He could smell her soap of lavender, he could even smell the product she had used two weeks ago to rid herself of a yeast infection. He moved his pinky nail up and sank it into her little asshole.

She gasped and cried aloud. "No. Please no." But even as she said it, her hips jerked in rhythm as he moved his finger in and out of the little asshole. He didn't want her bleeding tonight, so his cock would have to be satisfied with the pussy he now smelled.

He continued to smell deep and long. He loved it. Yearned for the little sluts and whores he knew they all were. Faithless whores they would fuck each other's husbands for cock. They had no lines of friendship and no regard as they fucked and fucked.


His mouth moved to her cunt as his claws bit into her thighs. His fangs bit into her little cunt lips and he tried so very hard not to bite through the tender flesh. But he wanted to. He wanted to tear into her and bite the pussy.

His breathing was erratic. His cock pounded in his ears as he grabbed the little whore and flung her on her stomach at the edge of the bed.

He pulled inches of her fleshy bottom into his claws and sunk his large cock into her.

"Oh my god." She cried as his huge cock pounded into her little pussy walls.

His fangs bared back as he watched her push her ass back into his hips trying to get him to fuck her harder. Whore.

His claws pulled at her breasts and caused red welts to appear on them. Her small little nipples clung to his nails as she moaned.

He grunted and grunted as he pushed his thick man meat into her harder and meaner than anyone had ever done before.

"Oh, yeah. Fuck me harder." Lydia moaned into the room. Slut.

A howl filled the air. Low and steady and then in one quick moment his cum filled her. And filled her. And when he pulled out of her warm delicious cunt he sprayed the cum onto her back and between her ass. His sperm was milky yellow and very potent. When leaving his body and falling into a woman, it was always hot and itchy afterwards.

Lydia fell onto her face as the creature left.

When Brandon woke up the next morning he was exhausted. He had lost count after the fifth woman, but had remembered Lydia's sweet and soft little pussy. She had been heaven.

As he left the apartment that morning, he watched Lydia leave also. Normally so reserved and quiet he watched her walk down the hallway. She wore a tight black skirt, tight pink blouse and strappy heels. She moved her hips in a way that told men she had been well fucked the night before and she smiled at him in the elevator.

Brandon cursed the werewolf. Fucking bastard. How many times had he moved because he had seen the same exact thing?