 A Dragon’s Tail

DISCLAIMERS: Any person involved in a sexual act is above the age of 18. All characters appearing in this work are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. This story contains some supernatural events, but is not intended to disrespect any religion.

This story also has fictitious members of the Imperial family of Japan. Presently, there are two unmarried princes in the royal family, ages 6 and 62. My characters are not the same ages as existing members of the royal family. I have made up two unmarried brothers, ages 18 and 26, whose mother is now a widow, or dowager princess. There are presently no dowager princesses in the royal family, either. I am hoping that I have treated the royal family, even my fictitious members, with respect.

As for sex, there is little in this one. It has some graphic descriptions, because the main character goes through an involuntary Transgendering from a man to a woman. I am posting it here because I am not sure how it would go over on a non-sexual literature posting site. The story is meant to be open ended, so that the character can be used in many additional stories.

Chapter 6 - Dinner    

Back at Ahiko’s cave

I sat in the bath and thought about the last few days. My son, the eighteen year old Prince Takeshi, had gone on a winter retreat with his Kendo club to work on his swordsmanship.  Three days ago, he had just disappeared on a hike through the woods. The master of the school had called the local town in a panic, and the media found out about it. Royal security had been brought out, and the townsfolk had helped do a sweep of the entire grounds of the retreat. Blood was found at the side of a trail, and it turned out to be his. The lost prince became the talk of Japan, with the tabloids making up kidnapping and murder plots. There was even a tabloid story about the snow princess stealing him away, and another about how he had been kidnapped by space aliens. The flyer appeared in town this morning, and was considered another hoax by the police. I don’t even know why I kept the flyer, except that the image on it did look like my son, and it was friendly.

LOST BOY FOUND. HE HAS BROKEN HIS LEG.  PLEASE CONTACT THE ANGEL OF THE MOUNTAIN AT POST OFFICE BOX 51442. 

The post office box turned out to be real, and had been rented out for the last 25 years by a Japanese woman, who was now the wife of the Italian Ambassador. I had met Miyu several times, and when I contacted her about the post office box, she simply replied, “Oh, that old box! I used it when I was learning to play the Shamisen(Japanese banjo). I went to Aomori to learn the Tsugaru-jamisen style. Are you saying it is still active?” 

I wasn’t aware that Miyu had learned the Shamisen. That usually meant that she had done some training as a Geisha. I couldn’t believe that the Post office box had just remained open, so Ahiko had to take over the box rental, and she would have needed the key. If Miyu had opened it for this girl, that would make Ahiko at least in her late thirties. The bizarre stories that the tabloids were writing started to seem normal compared to the dream I was now living in. 

I was in Towada, looking at the flyer, when a call came in from out of the blue. The Americans called me to ask for permission to track down the one who made the flyer. They were talking very positive about recovering the prince, and it was a much better outcome than media was presenting, and I wanted to keep my hopes up that he was still alive. I was overcome with a premonition of where my son was, and got into my car and drove.  I only had a vague idea where I was going, but I drove. 

I had to have been crazy, and become distraught, and I could not take waiting around while others came up empty. I wanted… no, I NEEDED to go look for my son myself. I started going down all the roads near the retreat. I had gone down this road and it had dead ended into the tunnel. I guess the red string of fate stepped in because my car slid off the road after I turned around and tried to go back, and she found me. I was now in a warm bath, my face didn’t hurt, and my ankle had a dull throb, but I didn’t seem to mind it at all. I had found my son, and he was safe. A kind little angel had swooped down and saved my son, and was going to take me to him. 

Ahiko appeared with some large boxes. “I brought you a kimono fitting of your rank. Will you please allow me to dry you off and dress you?”

I nodded approval, but looked about the room. “OK, is my father still here?” 

“No, I asked him to stay with your son, so that I could dress you in private.”

“Ahiko, do you have any friends?”

Ahiko shakes her head. “No, not really. I have clientele, but that allows me to survive. When I came to Japan, I tried for the first couple of years to make a friend, but every time I have tried, I have ended up in a lot of pain. As they grew older and I grew younger, we just seem to part ways. Most of them have a hard time when I go through a ‘rebirth’ sequence and leave me. I have not tried to make a friend in fifteen years.”

I now had another piece of the puzzle that was Ahiko. She had clients! Oh, I knew that anyone who could make a man’s penis thicker and larger was set for life, but I think that I would have heard of such a person. She was trying to hide herself, and claiming to only be a shrine priestess. Her clients had to be another organization that had or kept secrets. The first thing that came to mind was a crime syndicate or a ninja clan, neither of which seemed to fit with this girl.  

With her abilities, I would have thought Ahiko would have been made into a celebrity. She could easily be accepted into any convent, and treated like a divine being. The life she was living was unnecessary, unless she was in hiding. I remembered her singing in French. She must have originally come from Europe. This may have fueled her need to hide. She could have been in danger of being burned at the stake.

“Ahiko, with your abilities, you should be very popular. Are you in trouble? Are you trying to hide from someone?”

She winced, “I didn’t mean to hurt anyone! It was an accident!”

“You hurt someone, with your healing ability?”

“No, I wasn’t trying to heal anyone.” Ahiko walked over to a rock, and placed a folded towel on it. She placed her hand on the towel and started to concentrate, and her hand started to glow. The towel under her hand started to smolder. After she relaxed her concentration, she picked up the towel and showed a blackened hand print. She had burnt the towel.

“So you burned someone? But it was an accident.”

Ahiko nodded, “Please, I don’t want to talk about it.” 

I continued with my ponderings, and looked at Ahiko, “You are growing younger?” 

“You won’t tell anyone, will you? It’s a secret.”

“I promise. Besides, who would believe me? IF I tell anyone that my face smashed into a windshield, and that someone ‘magically’ healed my face, would anyone believe me? If I told anyone that I me a person that was growing younger, they would probably commit me.”

Ahiko nodded her head. “OK, I see your point. Yes, I am slowly getting younger, but it’s hard to describe. In about two weeks, I will start a menstrual cycle, and then a ‘rebirth’ will start. My hair and teeth will fall out. I will be bald and toothless by Christmas. I will then start growing new hair and teeth. I will complete the process by Golden Week (April 29th -May 5th), but I will end up about two weeks younger than the previous year. I figure I have about two to three hundred years to live before I die of birth. Still, I will be able to live about three times longer than most humans live, so I am content.”

“Ahiko, you’re a very brave angel.” She smiled back at me, and thanked me, but I could see her eyes were watery. I grabbed on of the safety bars and slowly tried to stand up, but with my sore ankle would not comply. Ahiko took off her clothes and waded into the bath to help me out. After she dried me off, she didn’t bother to put her clothes back on, but continued to help me while she stood there naked. “Don’t you want to put on some clothes?” She said she didn’t mind and that she would dress herself later. She said that the spirits came by at all times, and that she was now used to having someone watching her naked and when she did ‘private’ things, like going to the bathroom, and bathing. It was actually a rare moment that only one spirit was there, like it is today. 

Ahiko was quite thin and pale. She was not of Asian descent, but European. Her eyes were golden. She had thick long eyelashes, and pale lips. Her flowing thick golden hair was tied up in pig tails that draped down to the middle of her back. She had no body hair, and no female subcutaneous fat layer, which made her bulging muscles stand out and made her look like a small body builder. I got to see her ‘wing pods’ and a small growth on her butt. She had a small tail, about 4 centimeters long which was wagging at the moment. On her front side, she had an eight pack instead of the normal six pack abdominal muscles, and they were well defined. Her chest sported two sets of nipples, but no breasts. The overall effect was that she looked like her body had been stretched vertically, so that extra parts could be added. The more I looked at her, she seemed more like an elongated seven year old than a nine year old. When I asked, she responded that she had a total of five extra vertebrae distributed between in her neck, chest, waist, and tail section. 

Ahiko once again dried me off, and after Ahiko had dried me off, she has pulled out a beautiful wedding kimono, and she starts to dress me. She was getting to play dress up, and I was her living doll. On top of that, I was a real princess. As I felt the fabric slide across my body, I realized that this was an authentic silk kimono, and that it was not made of ‘easy care’ modern fabrics. Very few kimonos were now made out of actual silk, even some of the geisha had converted to other fabrics, except for special occasions. This kimono was probably older than I was. She quickly and efficiently tied the obi (waist bustle) and admires her work. 

She placed me in the wheelchair, and then brought over twenty hair ornaments, and wanted to do my hair. I told her that the food is getting cold, and that she should get dressed, which she did. She brought out a cute ‘7-5-3’ Kimono for herself. A girl usually wears her first real kimono when she is seven years old, on the day of the ‘7-5-3’ festival, on November 15, which is tomorrow.  Ahiko looked at me, “I know the festival is tomorrow, and I know I’m not seven years old, but do you think this would look pretty on me?”

“Oh, honey, anything would look pretty on you. But you have very good taste in color, and this will look absolutely gorgeous on you.” Her ‘tail’ continued to wag as she donned her attire. She was in heaven. She quickly covered her face with a foundation to cover the facial scars. It took her two additional minutes to do her hair, which she used seven ornaments. I was astounded at her speed and efficiency, so I had her do mine too.

When she finished, she wheeled me into the other chamber to see my son for the first time since this ordeal had started. I wanted to hug him, but Ahiko told me that both of us would be in wheelchairs for the next day or so. 

My son is dumbstruck by us and felt underdressed. Ahiko wheeled me in front of the table and lit some candles to eat by. She then offered a fine haori to my son to wear at the table, which he accepted. She helped him get his hands in the sleeves, and helped him into a second wheelchair. She straightened the haori and wheeled him over to the table. Before she pushed both of us in, she positions us so that we could give each other a hug. I started to cry, which embarrassed my son, because he didn’t want to cry in front of a girl. Ahiko watched us, and then suddenly remembered something very important to get from another chamber. She excused herself, and gave us some time alone. She came back early and I saw her watching us at the door until we had finished and my son had re-composed himself.  

She then brought over a simple meal of five dishes, which included the fish.  There was also a bean curd broth, red rice, green beans, and roasted eggplant and onions. She informed us that the vegetables were fresh from the balcony on the upper floor. It was a simple meal with little fat, one that I would expect for a monk or a priest to eat for a feast, but not a prince. I looked on the food preparation table and noticed that Ahiko had purchased spices and almonds, and I noticed a fresh bag of glutinous rice, which takes 8 hours to soak before preparing. She must have purchased these items when she went into town to put up the flier. There were sweet rice cakes on the counter for an after dinner treat. She had made a special trip into town, and planned all of this meal many hours before she had found me. My heart went out for Ahiko. She had prepared what she saw was a meal to please my son. I understood that in her heart, this was an absolute feast, but to my son, who was used to lots of protein and fatty foods, this was a rather simple meal. I knew that all of her extra efforts would be unnoticed by the prince, and that he would balk at even eating some of the dishes. I started tearing up, knowing how disappointed Ahiko would be.

Ahiko looked at me, and became puzzled. She walked around the table and faced me. “You look very sad, do you need another hug?” 

I smiled back, “Sure honey.” Ahiko wrapped herself around me and held me tight. After she released me, she took a few steps away and pauses. She pulls out her doll and looked down at it for a while. She then turned to me with the doll in her outstretched arms. “Would you like to eat with Miss Flowers on your lap tonight?”

Miss Flowers was not the prettiest of dolls anymore, the dress was now faded, and the arms were threadbare. The face had been re-drawn on many times. I could see that this was Ahiko’s most prized possession, and may have been her only companion for all of these years. I continued to cry as I carefully placed Miss Flowers in my lap. Ahiko gave me another hug, and whispered in my ear. “She is very good at helping me when I need to stop crying, that’s her specialty!”

Ahiko then stood at her place and gave praise for the meal. I don’t know how they got along before I came, but my son had been changed by this little angel. She then gave me a lesson on how to deal with a spoiled child with a picky appetite. To her credit, Ahiko looked like a young Geisha. I had no idea that she would be so skilled in the art of conversation.

We talked about simple things to begin with, and the prince quickly downed his fish and then just played with his food. She started mentioning how each of the different vegetables improved the abilities of a master swordsman. I watched as she hit upon a skill that he was having trouble with, and then would mention which vegetable would help him. As soon as he started to place some in his mouth, she started mentioning how wonderful and truly noble he had been while under her care. She would make him the center of the world as he chewed. As he went back to playing with his food, the conversation was steered away from his accomplishments and towards what I had been doing. He was constantly rewarded with praise for every bite he took. In the end, he finished three of the four vegetables and put his chopsticks down. The eggplant was not going to go past his lips. Ahiko then changed the conversation over to the 7-5-3 festival and the thousand year candy. This had probably been the first time the prince had ever gone three days without a desert or a sweet. The mention of the candy had the prince watering at the mouth. She then produced some what she intended for her shrine to have and asked me if I would help her decide which ones to purchase. When the prince volunteered to help, she informed him that he was obviously too full from the other dishes she had provided, and that he would have to prove to her that he still had room in his stomach to perform a proper taste test. With the temptation of sweets, the eggplant disappeared almost instantly, and he was once again made the center of attention for the taste testing of each of the prospective treats. She hung on his every comment from tasting each treat, as if this was a life and death situation. My son beamed at being the center of attention, and finally made up his mind. With the most important decision of the day completed by my son, Ahiko started clearing the table and cleaning up. 

She sang as she cleaned the dishes. She had a lovely voice. Along with Japanese favorites, she sang some American and British songs in English, and one in French.  The songs were from the last 60 years, but the songs in English tended to be 20 to 50 years old. She had an American accent when she sang. I started to get the feeling that she had come to Japan about 25 years ago. I marveled at the idea that the youthful body singing for us was older than I was, and how she had remained childlike. I tried to imagine myself living in the body of a nine year old for the rest of my life. She would always be brushed aside as a minor, and treated like a second class citizen with very few rights and responsibilities. She would never be able to take a normal job. Yet, she seemed quite content with her lot. I wanted to help her grow up.

Chapter 7 – Deployment

United State Forces Japan Headquarters, Yokota Air Base, Fussa Prefecture

Janice Williams and the six agents arrived from Washington, DC. Janice used the recovered body to describe how many people who contracted the virus could have an accident. 

“The victim had become able to pull energy from the spiritual plane of existence into the physical plane of existence. Robert pulls the dark matter energy to the OUTSIDE of his body. The victim attempted to pull the dark matter on the INSIDE her body.”

 The agents were able to see the remains of a victim of Spontaneous Human Combustion (SHC). The clothing on the victim was only partially damaged, but most of the body itself was charred.

Janice Williams added, “Notice what I mean by the ‘Burning Bush’ effect. The clothing is barely damaged, but the flesh is charred. So, if this was reversed, the Bush, or in our case, the person, would not be damaged, but intense heat would be present. Just remember, if you try to physically detain Robert, you will be on the outside of his body, and he will be able to do this to you.”

The lesson was not lost on the agents. 

There was a conference with all of agents from Washington and the clairvisionaries, and the news was about the same. Two angels, and five jackals were spotted, and the two jackals that had flown in the transport had not only contacted one of the other jackals, but had met with one of the angels. The agents saw the concern that Janice had. The different species were working together on this one. Three of the jackals, and one of the angels had taken off, and were heading north, away from Tokyo, and towards the Aomori Prefecture.

The spirits could be neutral, or, that could have already sent a warning to Robert. It was now obvious that their lack of interaction was to avoid giving any sort of advantage to our recovery team. The FY team had used local spirits in the detection of FY victims in the past. A FYgoing through a rebirth puts out an ‘interesting’ emanation in the spiritual plane of existence, and it draws curious spirits. Sometimes, it’s just a matter of having a clairvisionary stand in the vicinity and watch which direction that the spirits move. 

The other troubling this was that no human spirits had been seen, only jackals and angels.    

During the conference, two of the three equipped vans were loaded into a transport plane. The agents were assigned to different teams and started to prepare to disembark. As the two teams went to the transport plane, a leviathan was spotted changing directions and floating north. 
