 Jessamine tugged the cap down low over her brow and rubbed her wool covered hands together as she hid in an alley next to a cigar shop. She knew when she had decided to sneak into the Monigold Hearth and Steam factory that it might dangerous. She just didn't think it would be so chilly.

"Balls." The young woman mumbled as she shivered in the gray pea coat she had "borrowed" from her older brother. It was a quarter past midnight and the majority of London society was abed.

If her parents ever found out they would be appalled. Mother would suffer from vapors and Father would bluster and shake his head. Amelia and Parker would most likely say "good show" and pat her on the back. Her two older siblings couldn't stand the Monigold cousins either. Amelia had once been adamant in her dislike for the two men, who were admired by the majority of unattached females of their acquaintance. But for some reason she had changed her mind and would even smile and nod at Bennett Monigold whenever he rode his chestnut mare though Hyde Park.

Jessamine did think Mr. B. Monigold was a dashing figure. His cousin and partner

was the one who grated on her nerves. Roderick Monigold made her angry to the point that the tips of her ears turned red whenever his name was mentioned. He had this horrible habit of sneaking up beside her during balls or picnics and taking over the conversation.

Jessamine shivered as the rain slashed down sideways. All she had to do was sneak into the factory and find out what the Monigolds had planned for the Industrial Steam and Light Symposium.

Jessamine snarled up at the dirigible flying high above in the late night sky. On the side of the machine was an advert for—"Monigold Hearth and Steam: the only steam run fireplaces available for eliminating soot and keeping a home smelling fresh."

Wasn't it bad enough they had cornered the market on fireplaces? Now they wanted to take over the dirigible aerostat field that had kept her family in business for over one-hundred years. As the turn of the twentieth-century was upon them, the Starlings had so much to look forward to as the aerostat industry kept evolving, Jessamine would do whatever she could to stop the Monigolds from stealing her legacy.

As the drizzle grew into a steady rain, Jessamine hunched down further into her coat, ran over to the metal fence surrounding the building and started climbing in her breeches she also had pinched from Parker.

The drop to the ground from the top of the fence wasn't far and she fell softly on the grass. Taking a quick peek around, she almost laughed. The Monigolds probably thought that no one would dare sneak in and try to steal their secrets. Well, the joke was on them!

Jessamine wiped away her damp forehead and pushed her dark braid under the collar of her coat. She rushed across the lawn and backed up against the wall, sliding around until she spotted a window slightly ajar.

She grabbed hold of the sill, propped herself up and climbed in on her stomach. She went down face first and fell on some boxes. She knelt and took a quick glance around. The main factory floor was covered in semi-darkness with only a few gas lamps lit on the far walls. There were many tables covered with belts, pulleys and gears, but no sight of a dirigible. Off in the far corner was an office most likely locked.

Jessamine slid down to the floor. She was almost soaked to the bone and her teeth chattered. She took off her gloves, pushed them into her coat pocket and fingered her tool set. Not only was she handy with fixing broken down mechanics such as miniature telectroscopes and semi-flying carriages, but many times when she had been punished and told to go to her bedroom, she would practice her skills at breaking the lock on her door. Her plan was to break into the office and search for any blue prints or ledgers for the secret dirigible project she had overheard being discussed last month by a few gentlemen during one of the many coming out balls.

She walked around some very large crates and boxes. A large boom of thunder and a flash of lighting lit up the floor, making Jessamine jump. She covered a gasp as she heard a low whirling sound. Jessamine backed against a crate and tried to steady her breathing, even though her heartbeat was pounding way too fast for her liking. She remained still until the sound disappeared.

Taking a peek out from behind the crate, she didn't spot anything out of the ordinary. It had to be her unsettling imagination responsible. Soon she would be jumping at shadows.

Releasing a soft snort, Jessamine slowly walked over to the office door, knelt down and took out her leather bound case of tools. The gold metal plate on the door with the engraved name of B. Monigold made her want to clap over her find, but instead she got down to the business at hand.

The lock was broken in no time, and when it made a small snick, she turned the knob, quickly opened the door and lightly shut it. Backed against the door, she pulled out a small light flasher and turned it on. The light gave the room a glow as Jessamine walked in further.

The office was spacious with a long leather couch off to the side and a massive cherry wood desk in front of a large set of windows. The far wall was covered with a white board where various drawings and blue prints hung. Jessamine stopped in her tracks and scratched her head as she glanced over near a large cabinet.

A contraption that looked much like a Gibson chair stood there. This was a typical one made out of leather and wood with mahogany and velvet pads. But it wasn't quite right. On the side of the chair was some sort of panel with buttons that were surrounded by intricate clockwork. A strange valve was also on each side. There was a small hole cut into the seat and down near the legs were tubes that had and brass gears on them. Four of these tubes hung over the back of the chair and had knobs that size of saucers one would serve a tea on. Jessamine walked closer and squeezed one of the knobs. It wasn't hard, as she first thought it to be, but hollow, and released a strange wheezing sound. She looked down at the seat, letting out a gasp when she saw a long and wide rubber tube that looked identical to a--

Jessamine didn't have any time to react as the door swung open and a beer-barrel object with a circular metal dome on top flew in the air. A set of red blinking eyes covered by small mechanical spectacles shot out a bright light on the floor. A puff of smoke went off in front of Jessamine and as she coughed, her head grew woozy. She had been hit with some sort of gas! As she slid down and fell to the floor, a set of tan trousers came into her line of vision. Her eyes rolled in back of her head and she passed out.

The last thing she remember seeing was a face with perfect dimples and dark wicked looking hazel eyes.

 **** **** ****