 "Autodoc treatments are pretty much routine, Roy," Reesh was saying. They were standing in a room not unlike the one he'd woken up in. "It's the easiest way to get anything done that doesn't specifically need a human medical team." She smiled. "Which is pretty much anything short of reviving someone from four centuries of cold sleep." 

Roy chuckled. "Yeah, I suppose that's pretty much a non-standard procedure. So... how does it work?" 

"Simple," Vard said." You lie down in the treatment cavity here, you close the lid, the 'doc puts you under, and the rest is automated." He smiled, seeing the look on Roy's face. "Trust me, Roy. We've all spent time in the 'doc before. It's comfortable and it's safe. You'll be fine." 

Roy took a deep breath. "Alright. When in Rome and all that..." 

"Sorry?" Reesh looked puzzled. 

"An old saying. It doesn't matter." Roy sighed. "So what is it going to do to me?" 

"For now, the main thing is to get the tissue rebuilding nanotech units flushed out of your bloodstream," Vard explained. "We're not going to install anything new right now. We may get to that later, but for now we're going to take it easy on your system, and give your body a chance to do its own work. Other than removing the nano's, we'll rebalance your body chemistry, streamline your metabolism, and do a little neurological optimization here and there. Nothing serious." 

Roy looked at the coffin-like space at the front of the box-like unit that was the autodoc. It reminded him of the coldsleep capsule, but it looked much more comfortable, and far more sophisticated. 

"Lie down on the couch here," Reesh said. "Right, like that. Now I'll activate the repulsor field, and you'll start to float. Don't be alarmed." 

She touched a button on the autodoc, and Roy felt himself being gently lifted off the couch on which he was lying. 

"How do you feel?" Vard asked. 

"Comfortable... Sleepy..." Roy mumbled. 

"Good," Reesh said. "That's the doc putting you under. Sweet dreams." 

She lowered the transparent lid over him. Roy closed his eyes and the world went away. 

* * * 

He floated. He felt relaxed. He felt calm. He felt... good. 

He opened his eyes. Reesh was standing next to the autodoc, holding the open lid. Vard was gone. 

"Hey, Roy. How are you feeling?" she asked. 

"Pretty good," he said. But his voice sounded... strange, he thought. And so did hers. Or... No, it wasn't her voice... It was what she'd said. 

She hadn't been speaking English. 

"What..." 

She smiled. "Sorry. Forgot to tell you. While you were in there, the 'doc also gave you a routine hypno imprint. You now speak all the modern languages." 

Roy frowned. "I don't feel any different..." 

"You're not supposed to," said Reesh. "That's not how it works. Don't worry about it. You'll understand people when they speak to you, and you will be able to speak with them in their own dialect. It'll be pretty much automatic. Simply forget about it and you'll be fine." She held out her hand and he took it as he sat up. He swung his legs over the edge of the treatment capsule and stood. 

He felt... great! He felt strong, he felt fit. He felt ready to run a marathon. He took a deep breath, and it was as if his chest expanded beyond its normal capacity. He looked at the wall across the room, and if there had been a fly sitting there, he'd have been able to count its whiskers. His eyesight was better than it had been ever before. 

"Wow..." 

Reesh smiled. "Vard may have oversimplified things just a little when he said the 'doc was going to give you some routine rebalancing and optimizing. He wasn't lying, but the treatment amounted to a full clean-up and tune-up of your entire body. The positive impact on your system will be... dramatic. You're completely healthy now, Roy. In your day and age very few people realized that everyone's health was pretty much sub-standard. You routinely battled with everything from respiratory allergies and viral infections to decaying teeth, worn joints, calcified bones, bad digestion and deteriorating eyesight." 

"It was known as 'getting old'," Roy said. "And yes, it was normal. But this..." 

She nodded. "This is much closer to what the human body is capable of being. Or closer to what it was meant to be, if you want to look at it that way." She smiled. "There are other advantages as well. You won't need a shave or a haircut unless you choose to. You don't have to worry about catching a cold anymore, or even about simple things like flatulence or body odor, which are just by-products of an imperfect body chemistry. And if you want, it can be even better. There are many enhancements that you can choose to have installed. Nanotech, mostly." 

Roy raised his eyebrows. "Such as?" 

Her eyes drifted downward to his groin. Roy felt himself blush. 

"I see," he said. He knew he should no longer be embarrassed, but apparently old habits die hard. 

Reesh smiled. "There's no hurry," she said. "And it's up to you. But personally I'm hoping you'll go for at least some basic upgrades. They make sex so much better. If you think it's good now, wait until you experience the really awesome." 

Roy nodded. "Tami told me about some of it. But... I'm not sure I'm ready for that." 

"No rush. Take your time. But when you decide, I'd like to be the one you try them out on, if that's alright with you." She looked at him in a very meaningful way. 

"Ehm... Thanks, Reesh," Roy said. "I'm flattered." 

She smiled. "I like you, Roy. We dropped you in a really difficult situation, and you're handling it pretty well. I admire that in you. And... Well, you're a likable guy. Tami finds you easy to be around, and I agree with her. And so does Kyo, apparently. She's been asking for you twice." 

"How long was I in the autodoc?" Roy asked. 

"Overnight. A full nanotech flush takes some time. It's almost mid-morning." 

"Okay," Roy said. "So... What's next?" 

"A little basic orientation. Tami was going to do that with you, but she's been called away to deal with a medical emergency. I'm at loose ends right now, so it'll be me for the rest of that day, if that's alright with you." 

Roy smiled, his eyes wandering across her perfect body. "I could do worse." 

"Good," she said, smiling. "Let's go then." 

* * * 

The hallway she took him through appeared to be part of the rim wall that enclosed the garden. Through windows in the walls of the hallway he could see all kinds of machinery, ducts, tubing and other things apparently having to do with the hab's housekeeping systems. There were several doors, all of which had touch panels beside them. 

"Technical areas," Reesh explained. "If you want someone to show you around there, Kyo is probably the best person to do that. She tells me you've got a background in electronics, and from what Tami says I believe you have an interest in engineering, right?" 

Roy nodded. "Yes. Although I feel like a caveman when it comes to that." 

She smiled. "Don't worry, Roy. You've got the right type of mind. You're not as obsolete as you think." 

Roy sighed. "Yeah. Well, I guess we'll see." 

She took his hand. "You'll do fine," she said. 

Bright sunlight poured through the door at the end of the hallway. They walked through it and Roy looked around in what was obviously a different cell of the hab. The wall that formed the rim of the cell looked much like the one he'd seen earlier, but instead of a lush garden this cell appeared to be one big stretch of cropland. Rows and rows of what looked to be some green vegetable grew in concentric patterns for as far as he could see. The air was warm and humid, rich with the smell of growing things. 

Reesh turned right and led him along the wall past several doors, until they came to a large, wide window. Behind it he could see some kind of control room. Reesh knocked on the window. A few seconds later the door next to the window slid open, and she led him inside. 

The girl sitting at one of the consoles was in her teens; eighteen at most, Roy guessed. She looked like a younger version of Reesh. Her body was similarly goddess-like, with the additional benefit of youth. She was only slightly shorter than Reesh was, with the same green eyes and half-long blond hair, and with the same, golden glittery makeup along the one side of her jawbone. Her face was sweet, and her breasts were young and firm, with beautiful nipples that stood out proudly. Her waist was slender, and her round, tight ass sported two high, firm and smooth buttocks. Her thighs were well-toned and the sweet, pink pussy between it was hairless. Looking at her gorgeous young and tight body, he felt a pang of tightness in his chest. She was much like what Reesh must have looked in her teenage years, Roy thought, and he was not surprised when she made the introduction. 

"Roy, this is my daughter Chia. Chia, this is Roy, the man I told you about." 

Chia smiled at him. "Hi, Roy. It's good to finally meet you. Mom told me so many things about you." 

Roy chuckled. The tightness in his chest was still there. It felt like indigestion, although he hadn't eaten anything recently. "I deny everything," he said. 

Chia chuckled. "Too late," she said. "Hi, mom." 

Reesh gave her a brief but warm hug. "It's good to see you, girl." 

Chia hugged her back. "It's good to see you too, mom. Did you just come past to say hi? If not, you'll have to wait until I come off duty. I'm in the middle of a nasty problem with the nutrient system." She pointed at a wall screen on which Roy could see some kind of pit somewhere in the cropland outside, or at least he assumed it was. Next to the pit stood some sort of digging machine, probably automated, given its featureless outer appearance. Underneath the layer of soil there seemed to be some sort of white, foamy material, with tubes running through it. He guessed it would be part of the hab's agricultural system. 

"No, we're not staying," Reesh said. "We just happened to come past here, so I thought I'd see how you're doing." 

"I'm fine, mom. You don't have to check on me. I'm all grown up now, remember? Age of consent and all that." But her smile in her eyes took the sting out of her words. 

"Don't blame your old mother for not wanting to let go just yet, sweetheart," Reesh said, a slightly melancholy look hovering somewhere behind her smile. "One day you'll understand." 

"It's OK, mom," Chia said. "I love you too. And you're not old." 

She turned to Roy and winked at him. "Be good to her, Roy. When she's feeling old, she needs a good man to make her feel young again." She smiled. "Whereas I just need a good man." She stretched luxuriously, and her young breasts lifted. The tightness in his chest suddenly got worse. 

"I'm off duty, soon, Roy," she said, looking at him directly. "Are you busy today?" She wiggled her breasts at him, turning her hips sideways to show off the curve of her young, firm butt. A giant with a steel fist grabbed his rib cage and squeezed. Her voice seemed to come from very far away. 

"...Roy...?...Roy...?...alright...?" 

The edge of his vision had grown dim, and the air had taken on a dark, metallic sheen filled with tiny, dancing lights... A searing pain beyond anything he had ever known exploded in his chest. Then nothing. 

* * * 

"Don't move," Reesh said, as she opened the lid of the autodoc. "Don't move, Roy. You're alright, but don't move yet." 

He blinked and took a deep breath. No pain. Good. 

"What happened?" he croaked. The voice seemed to belong to someone else, someone who had been recently hit by a truck, or worse. 

Reesh looked grim. "You'd rather not know," she said, glancing at a read-out on the 'doc. 

"I rather would," he said softly. 

"Alright. Someone tried to kill you." 

"Kill me? How?" His voice sounded a little stronger this time. 

Reesh sighed. "It was a very subtle, very advanced, and very nasty piece of work. In short, someone got into the software of the autodoc that you spent last night in, and had it cook up some very bad nanotech." 

"Bad? Like how?" 

She was silent for a while. 

"One of the most popular nanotech modifications in men is the one that will let you control your erections," she finally went on, and he noticed that she looked slightly sick. "It enables you to get an erection, or to suppress one, whenever you want, and to stay hard for as long as you want, no matter how many times you ejaculate. It's triggered by the spinal signals that go with sexual arousal, and what the nanotech basically does is to widen the blood vessels going into your penis and constricting the ones going out of it, which is how you normally get your erections. Except in this case the nanotech was programmed to do that with your heart." 

She sighed again, a grim look on her face. "When you came out of the autodoc, you were a walking time bomb. As soon as you became sexually aroused, the veins carrying blood into your heart widened, and the arteries carrying it out constricted. The blood pressure in your heart spiked massively, and your heart ruptured." 

"Holy shit..." was all he could say. 

"Yes," Chia said. She was standing by the wall, and from the corners of his eyes he could see that she looked very shaken. "If we hadn't happened to be within spitting distance of a 'doc, you'd have been dead." She shivered. 

"But who..." 

"Who would want you dead?" Reesh finished his sentence. "Who could do something this ugly? Good question." She sighed. "You should probably know that Vard is under suspicion. He set up your 'doc yesterday. I know he didn't do it, Roy. I'm know he didn't. Tami is trying to convince everyone of that right now." 

Roy said nothing. He was still trying to digest the idea that someone wanted to kill him in the nastiest way possible and had almost succeeded. He looked down at his chest, but there was no sign of anything, no scar left of whatever the 'doc had done to fix him up. 

"You have to believe me, Roy," Reesh said, obviously mistaking his silence for doubt. "Vard never would do such a thing. If he had wanted you dead, why would he have gone through the trouble of putting you back together again in the first place?" 

Roy looked at her and nodded. "I believe you, Reesh," he said. "It's OK." 

"How are you feeling?" Chia asked. 

"Numb..." he said. 

She sighed. "Mom tells me that your seeing me is what set off those killer nano's. Pretty horrible." She shivered again. "I shouldn't have come on to you like that." 

Roy shook his head. "It would have happened sooner or later anyway, Chia," he said. 

She nodded glumly, but she didn't look convinced. 

Reesh looked at Chia, a thoughtful expression in her eyes. "In the past six hours the 'doc repaired all the damage, Roy, but we've got to make sure that you're safe," she said. "Chia, I need you to give me a hand. Or rather, give Roy a hand." 

She pushed a button, and the repulsor field under him slowly collapsed as the couch that supported him began to rise out of the autodoc's treatment cavity. "The only safe way to make sure that all those nano's have been deactivated and flushed out of your system is to try and trigger them while you're still in the doc," she told him. "We need to get your blood up." She smiled. "Among other things." 

Chia slowly stepped forward and put her hand on his chest. "I'm so sorry for what happened, Roy," she whispered. 

"Hey, it's not your fault, Chia," he said. 

Reesh looked at her and smiled encouragingly. "He's right, sweetheart," she said. "I already told you that. Don't blame yourself. There's nothing to feel guilty about. Now, if you don't mind, please help me to get Roy aroused. I'll watch the monitors while you take care of him." 

Chia nodded and, with a soft smile, reached down and took Roy's flaccid cock in her hand. Her touch felt good, and looking at her taut, young body he felt something stir deep down inside, but nothing more. She put her other hand on the head of his cock and began to caress it gently. She slowly stroked up and down his shaft. It felt great, but nothing happened. 

Roy sighed. "I don't think this is going to work right now, Chia." 

"Don't speak too soon, Roy," Reesh said. "You don't know yet what Chia can do." 

Chia bent down and took the head of his cock in her mouth. She ran her tongue along the sensitive underside of him, her lips around the crown. She stroked up and down his shaft, and her hand cupped his balls. Her fingertips explored his skin, caressed, stroked, played... Her mouth continued to do its magic, and he soon felt the familiar stirring in his groin. He sighed deeply. Before long his cock began to swell in her hands. 

Encouraged, Chia sucked harder, and Roy felt the head of his cock expand in her mouth as she ran the tip of her tongue across the slit. Her hands continued to caress his shaft and balls. She let her lips slide up and down across the sensitive crown of his head as he grew harder and harder. He sighed. She wasn't quite the expert that Reesh was, but she was still amazing, and her enthusiasm more than made up for whatever experience she might still have lacked. 

"You see, sweetheart?" Reesh said. "The man who can resist your tongue and lips has yet to be born." 

When he was ready, Chia let him slip out of her mouth. She held his cock in his hands, standing up straight, rock-hard and throbbing with the pulse of his blood. She began to caress the wet, swollen head with the tips of her fingers, and Roy gasped as he felt her explore his most sensitive spots. 

"You've sure got a nice cock, Roy," she said softly, wrapping her hand around his throbbing shaft. "Especially for a natural. So nice and straight and hot. Don't you agree, mom?" 

Reesh smiled and nodded. "Yes, dear, I noticed. Believe me, I did. It gets quite hard, too, doesn't it? And there's nothing unusual on the readouts yet, so I think we're alright and the 'doc did flush out all the nano's. But let's be sure. Make him cum, but slowly. We want as him as aroused as we can get him, so tease him a little." She looked at Chia, a twinkle in her eyes. "And don't try to tell me you're not enjoying it. I know you are." 

Chia gave her a happy smile. "You always knew me so well, mom." 

"I don't have to," Reesh said dryly. "Your nipples could cut glass right now." 

Chia looked down at her breasts. "Betrayed again," she sighed, mockingly. 

"Ehm... Reesh..." Roy began. 

"Sssshhh..." Reesh put her finger across his lips. "I know enough about the sexual taboos of your time to know what you're thinking, Roy. But it's alright, really it is. Trust me. Age difference is no longer something to worry about. Here and now she's old enough for you." 

"That's right, Roy," Chia said. "I am. And I'm going to prove it to you." She stepped on the edge of the 'doc and swung her leg over the couch on which he lay until she straddled his thighs. Her fresh, pink, hairless pussy was glistening with the juices of her own arousal. As Roy watched, a drop of her nectar ran down one of the engorged lips. At the top of her slit the small, pink nub of her clit stood out proud and hard. 

She sat down on her knees and took his hard cock in her hands. She lowered herself until the engorged head touched her hot, wet entrance. She pushed herself down further, slowly but surely, until he slipped into her. 

"Ooohh..." 

Roy soft moan joined hers as he felt himself slide deeper and deeper into her hot teen pussy. She was so tight! He put his hands on her firm butt and pulled her down further, until he was inside her all the way. She arched her back, an ecstatic expression on her face. 

"Hmm... You feel so good inside me..." she sighed. 

"Yes..." Roy managed. He still had some misgivings about giving in to the charms of this teenager, but his concerns were disappearing quickly. 
