 In the beginning, there was void. 

No, that was a stupid thought. But still... why couldn't he see? Why couldn't he feel his body? No... That wasn't true. He could feel a part of it. His cock felt hot, hard and straining, and his balls ached with the need to cum. 

As Roy took a deep breath, his raw, hard need to cum cut through the darkness. Sensation returned to his limbs. His body felt slack and rubbery, and his left shoulder and hip felt bruised from his fall to the floor, but as his jolted nervous system restored itself and his limbs steadied, he realized the reason why Deela had recovered so quickly from Gan's stun bolt: whereas it would normally have knocked her out for hours, her overdriven sexual arousal had stimulated her body enough to shake off the effects of the stunner so quickly. As it was doing to him now. He was probably full of natural stimulants at the moment. 

He opened his eyes and slowly sat up. The room spun, then steadied. His chest felt tight, and suddenly his need would no longer be denied. His hand found his rock-hard cock and grasped it, his fingers wrapping themselves around the swollen head, coated with pre-cum. His hand moved in a way that had come naturally to him since he was twelve years old, pulling the skin up and down along his hot, hard shaft, his fingers sliding across the slippery head. One stroke, two, three, and he grunted, a loud, almost bestial sound, as pleasure erupted in his groin and a thick, powerful stream of cum spurted out from the tip of his cock and across the room. Another spurt, and another, the force of his ejaculation propelling his cum ten, twelve feet before it hit the floor. It went on and on, until eventually the intensity of his orgasm subsided. But he could already feel another eruption begin to boil up from inside him, pooling in his loins, and within seconds he erupted again, this time crying out with the intensity of his release. 

When his second climax had run its course, he sighed and gathered his breath for a moment. With the worst of his need to cum gone for the moment and his mind able to focus again, he looked around. Deela was bending over Jorg's unmoving body. Next to him, Tami lay on the floor, unconscious. Across the room Kyo was sitting on her knees, apparently deeply in orgasm, her eyes screwed shut and her hand a blur between her thighs. 

He moved over to Tami and knelt down beside her. He stroked her hair, her face, her shoulder. Her breath came regularly, and when he put his fingers at her throat, her pulse was steady. 

"Tami?" 

She didn't move. 

"I think she's alright." Deela walked over to where he sat and knelt down next to him. "You all passed out when I fired that stunner. I think she and he got a bigger jolt than you did," she said, glancing at Jorg, "because they were closer." 

"She's right", Kyo said. Her voice sounded hoarse. Her face was red and sweaty and her eyes were heavily lidded, but otherwise she looked reasonably alert. "We should have realized that the stun bolt would travel along the grid. It knocked us all out." 

"Are you alright, Kyo?" Roy asked. 

She nodded. "For now. When Jorg wakes up I'll be even better. And so will he." She looked at him, her eyes hungry. "I wish he'd wake up." 

"Speaking of that," Deela said. "Roy, I helped you guys. Now you must help me. You can make me cum. I don't know why, but you can. So please do it." 

Roy looked at Tami. He felt torn. Deela had a good point, but he couldn't help it: it was Tami he wanted, Tami he loved, Tami he wanted to be next to when she woke up. 

"I've been thinking about that," Kyo said. "Deela, are you currently paired with anyone?" 

Deela shook her head. "No." 

"Paired?" Roy asked. 

"Your nanotech," Kyo said. "It's paired with Tami's, right? Your cum triggers an orgasm for her." 

Roy nodded. "Yes. Reesh did that for us." 

"I think what Gan did to Deela involved some kind of non-selective pairing. Somehow he blocked her normal pathways to climaxing, and she needs someone with the paired trigger in his cum to overcome that. Yours will do it." 

"Whatever," Deela said. "I need it. Now, Roy. Please. I don't want to sound insensitive, but..." She glanced at Tami, who still hadn't stirred. "She'll be alright for now. I'm not. Take care of me now, Roy. You can take care of her when she wakes up. She'll need you then. But I need you right now." 

Kyo nodded. "She's right, Roy." 

Roy glanced down at his throbbing erection which was showing no signs of subsiding. The pressure in his groin had begun to build again, and a huge drop of pre-cum dripped down from the swollen head of his cock, forming a clear thread. 

"Come," Deela said softly. She pushed him down on his back and straddled him, the insides of her thighs wet against his skin. She took his rock-hard cock in her hand. The sensation made him groan with pleasure. She gently moved her hand up and down along the shaft, her thumb spreading the slippery pre-cum across the shiny head, and a long, low moan escaped him as her thumb gently ran along the crown. Then she put the head of his cock against her entrance, and the juices of her pent-up arousal that coated her swollen pussy lips ran down his shaft. As she impaled herself on him in one, smooth thrust, she put her hands on his shoulders and looked down on him, the look in her eyes greedy, almost feral, the look of someone who finally got what she had craved so badly for so long. Her sopping pussy made a slurping, almost obscene sound as she sank down around him. 

He was surprised to feel how hot her insides were. But even more, she was so tight! Gods, she was tight! Dimly guessing that it was probably an effect of her overdriven nanotech, he felt her inner folds slide across the head of his cock as it gently forced them apart on its way in. Lubricated by the copious amounts of her slippery juices, his rock-hard shaft drilled into her further and further, parting her inner flesh before it as it went, and her insides folded themselves around him and squeezed him like a velvet fist, coated in honey. The feeling was incredible. 

He moaned again, loudly this time, and all by themselves his hands found their way to her luscious buttocks, held them, squeezed them... Her full breasts hung before him, heavy but without drooping, the dark, hard nipples riding high and begging for his touch. He pushed himself up so he could put his mouth on them, his lips encircling the one, then the other. He ran the tip of his tongue across them, and he felt her shiver as he gently bit down on those engorged, sensitive nubs. Keeping one hand on her rounded butt, he lifted the other one to her breast so he could caress it, squeeze it, hold the rock-hard nipple between his thumb and forefinger, rolling it, rubbing it, while his lips and tongue worked on the other one. 

"Oh gods, yes... Yes! " Deela cried. He felt her inner flesh grip his cock even harder, her sopping wet heat molding itself around him even tighter. As she pushed herself up, the sensation of her insides sliding around the head of his cock made him groan with pleasure. Then she lowered herself upon him again, and the feeling became even more intense. She began to ride him, slowly, her breasts bouncing as she moved, and he felt the pleasure in his groin rise, boil over... and explode as he came inside her, screaming out with the force of his orgasm. 

His hand gripped her butt tightly, his fingers digging deeply into her flesh, holding her hips against his. He thrashed under her with the intensity of it as a wave of sexual energy poured out of him and into her. His cock pulsed, blasting a thick, hot stream of his cum into her, followed by another one, and another. As soon as the first spurt jetted out of him she screamed, but it was a joyous sound, reflecting the intensity of her pleasure more than anything else as she came around his hot, hard, pulsing shaft, the force of her climax beyond imagining. 

"Ooohhh!! Yes! YES!!" she cried. "Ooohhh... OoooooOOOOOOOOOOHHH!" 

Her hands gripped his shoulders and he felt her nails bore into his skin as her muscles grew almost impossibly taut, her thighs around his hips turning to steel and her buttocks clenching under his hand, and the force with which her pussy contracted around him might have been uncomfortable if he hadn't been so rock-hard himself. Now it only heightened his pleasure as she came with him, her orgasm bursting out from her core where his cum triggered the release of the pent-up sexual tension that had been building in her for so long. When he looked down he saw the entrance of her pussy contract rhythmically around the base of his cock and the swollen, exposed tip of her clit, pink, taut and shiny, seemed to pulse as the muscles in her thighs rippled. His pulsing cock continued to pump stream after voluminous stream of his hot cum into the depths of her body. 

After what seemed an eternity their mutual release finally ran its course. As his spurting cock finished pumping out its hot load into her she collapsed on top of him. She lay there, her eyes closed, panting, her sweat mixing with his, but with a peaceful, almost relieved, expression on her face. His thighs were wet with the flow of their juices. He held her, the tips of his fingers caressing her back. 

Then she opened her eyes. "More," was all she said, as she pushed herself up to once again straddle his hips. 

He reached up and put his hands on her full breasts, gently lifted them, the weight of those magnificent orbs filling the palms of his hands. Her ebony skin, wet with her perspiration, was smooth and slick under his fingertips, her rock-hard nipples seeming to vibrate under his touch. She moaned softly, her eyes closed, and he felt her inner muscles work on his still-rigid cock. 

"Yes... That's it... Ooohh, yes..." Her voice sounded hoarse. 

She began to rock back and forth slowly, straddling his hips, grinding her clit against his pubic bone, his cock still deep inside her. She moaned again, louder, and her movements became more deliberate, more insistent as she tried to bring herself off again. She pushed herself up and he felt her tight, hot insides sliding along the head and shaft of his cock, lubricated by his cum and her arousal. When she lowered herself back upon him, the sensation of her velvety love channel as it caressed his most sensitive spots him made him gasp. Her pussy gripped him like a hand, tightly wrapped around his cock, sending jolts of pleasure through him as her hot, wet folds found did their magic on him, and the slippery friction pushed him relentlessly toward another massive eruption. 

She took him right to the edge and then, somehow, kept him balancing on the brink for what seemed ages. It built and built, and when he finally exploded inside her, his orgasm was like a blue-white flash of liberated energy that ripped through him, tearing him apart and reducing him to pure pleasure. He heard the roar of his own voice as it was joined by her cries of ecstasy as his hot cum spurted into her again and again, unleashing the climax that she craved so badly. He felt her pussy contract around his cock as she continued to grind herself into him, demanding the maximum amount of pleasure and release from him, milking him for it like there was no tomorrow. 

When he opened his eyes she was lying on top of him, utterly exhausted, her eyes closed, her head on his shoulder, a peaceful expression on her face. He stroked her hair. His hard cock was still deep inside her, the heat of her inner core infusing him. 

"Deela?" 

"Hmm..." The corners of her mouth curled up in a soft smile. She opened her eyes and looked at him. 

"Thank you," she whispered. "That will keep me for a little while." She took a deep breath as she slowly sat up. "I'm all shaky." 

Roy slowly nodded. "Me too." 

She lifted herself off him, pulling his rigid shaft out of her hot pussy. He felt a strange tinge of regret as his cock left that slick, hot, utterly delicious place. A huge gob of their combined juices ran out of her, coating his stomach as she lifted her leg. 

He turned himself sideways, leaned on one elbow and looked around. Jorg was sitting on the floor, looking reasonably alert, his hand wrapped around his large, hard cock. Kyo sat on her knees next to him. She reached out to him and put her hand on his wrist. Then she sat up, turned, and knelt down on all fours before him. She turned her head to look back at him. 

"Hurry," was all she said. 

Jorg sat up on his knees behind her and put his hands on her hips as she thrust her gorgeous ass up to him. He took his cock in his hand and put it against between her plump, swollen pussy lips. Then he gripped her hips with both hands again and thrust forward. They both grunted in unison as he slid into her in one, smooth thrust. Still gripping her hips, he began to pump in and out of her, his long, smooth strokes, making a soft, wet, slurping sound as he almost drew his large cock out of her entirely before plunging back into her, forcefully, burying himself to the hilt. 

"Oh yeah...Yes..." she crooned. 

Her breasts swung as he pounded her from behind, grunting with every stroke, his hands gripping her hips like a vise, his thumbs sinking deeply into those gorgeous buttocks. Then, with a loud roar, he pushed his cock into her sopping pussy as deep as he could, and let go. Kyo reached back and put her hand between her legs. Her fingers found her clit, and her cries of pleasure mingled with Jorg's grunts as she pushed herself over the edge. 

They sat there for a few moments, panting, then Jorg resumed this thrusting, sweat running down his face. Kyo moaned in sync with his movements, rubbing her clit frantically. Her higher-pitched cries mingled with Jorg's deeper grunts, and the sounds of the couple in their race toward their next mutual climax drowned out Tami's first sigh. But then she stirred, and Roy quickly got up and walked over to where she lay. She opened her eyes. 

"Tami?" He knelt down next to her and reached out to stroke he hair. She blinked a few times until her eyes focused on his face. 

"Roy..." Her voice was weak. 

"Sshhh..." His fingertips stroked her face. 

"Roy... Fuck me. Please. I need you. Right now." 

He put his hand on her breast, felt the rock-hard nipple. She shuddered. 

"Dammit, Roy, stop teasing me and fuck me!" 

He moved over until he was kneeling between her spread legs. She reached out and took his erect cock in her hand and pulled him toward her overflowing pussy. The inside of her thighs were wet with the copious juices running out of her, and the smell of her hit him like a ton of bricks. His own arousal, which had been building steadily again but which he had managed to ignore until now, exploded out of control, and suddenly he was mad with lust for her. 

He moved with her, letting her hand guide his rigid shaft to the apex of her spread thighs, until the swollen tip of him, leaking pre-cum once more, touched the entrance to her sopping, overheated pussy. He pushed himself into her in one powerful stroke, her juices flowing around his cock and out of her. She cried out as he entered her, and he felt her legs clasp his back, pulling him further into her. 

Once again the sensation was incredible. His cock slid into her pussy and almost snapped into place, fitting inside her like a casting into its mold. Her inner flesh shaped itself around his shaft, gripping the rim of the head, shaping itself slickly against the sensitive underside. He felt the lips of her pussy around the base of his cock, his pubic bone grinding against the exposed tip of her hard clit. When he pulled himself out of her, her inner sheath tried to hold on to him, as if reluctant to let go, and when it finally did, the friction of those slippery folds, slick and wet and hot, sliding across the head of his cock, was unbelievable. He pulled himself out of her until the lips of her pussy gripped the crown of his cock-head, then plunged back into her, feeling her part before him, and her loud moans of pleasure rang loudly in his ears. Her fingernails dug into the skin of his shoulders. 

He thrust into her again and again, with a ferocity that he had never known before. It would almost have felt (and looked, he dimly realized) as if he were raping her, if she hadn't co-operated so enthusiastically, pulling him into her with her legs wrapped around his hips, her pelvis grinding into him, her arms around his shoulders pulling him close. Then he felt her body grow tense, and her thighs clamped his hips with an almost crushing force. He pushed himself into her as far as he could go, feeling her pussy contract around his cock, hard, and she howled out her pleasure when the full force of her climax, needed so desperately for so long, exploded inside her. Her fingernails plowed furrows across his shoulders, and he continued to fuck her with short, quick strokes, prolonging her orgasm, her body thrashing under him with the intensity of her release. His stomach, hips and legs were soaked with the fluids that squirted out of her around his hard cock. 

It went on and on, her pussy squeezing him, caressing him, milking him, and the sensation of her inner folds stimulating the most sensitive parts of him was incredible. As her orgasm went on and on, he felt his own pleasure begin to peak as well. When he felt some of the orgasmic tension begin to flow out of her body as she begun to relax, he was on the verge of climax himself. 

He kissed her face, which was covered in sweat, and he ran his hand through her damp hair. 

"More," she grunted. It was a demand, not a request. 

Roy was happy to oblige. He pulled himself almost out of her, then re-entered her hot, sopping cunt, slowly but deliberately, and began to fuck her with long strokes, out, in, out, in, savoring the sensation of her wet, slippery inner heat caressing his most sensitive points as his pleasure rose, rose, peaked... Then, pushing himself deeply into her hot, wet core with one last powerful stroke, he grunted as he came inside her. 

The first spurt of his cum blasted out of him on a wave of raw need, jetting into her very core. He felt her shudder as it splashed against the hot wetness of her inner flesh, and then she gripped him tightly as his ejaculation released her own orgasm once again. Her back arched and she screamed with the intensity of it, as another stream of cum burst from him to fill her most intimate place. He felt her contractions around him, milking him, urging him on as his cock spasmed within her, pumping out jet after jet of cum, his out-of-control nanotech producing more and more of it. 

And once again time seemed to slow down, then stop. And even now, while they were both merely satisfying a raw, physical need, she filled his mind as he filled her body. He felt her pleasure, and he knew she felt his. He felt her pussy being filled by his cock, felt the hot hardness of it, the life pulsing through it, the tender aggression with which he penetrated her, the warm wetness spurting out of it into the core of her body. He felt her feminine softness hold him, receive him, being filled with his essence. He felt her next orgasm, and the next, as the continued to cum around his pulsing cock. She was in there with him, inside his mind, inside his soul, and somehow the meld lasted an eternity. 

Then she was back in his arms, panting, her eyes closed, her arms and legs around him, their bodies sopping wet where they touched. 

"Whew..." he whispered. 

She just smiled and nodded as she held him. "Yes." 

He looked to the other side of the room where Kyo and Jorg stood, apparently having satisfied their immediate need for release, at least for the moment. Jorg's cock was still standing up proud and firm, just like his own when he gently withdrew it from Tami's velvety love hole, pulling out what seemed a gallon of their combined juices with it. 
