 The sound of their muffled voices game them away and Tifa's crimson eyes snapped open, its only been an hour and more Shinra soldiers were lining up at her cell door for another lesson. She sighed and slowly rolled out of her cot avoiding the smears and blood and teeth from the last glut of meat heads that tried to bum rush her.

She had to admire their tenacity while gave her shoulders a few slow rotations loosening the stiffness them. After what they did to sector 7 she had no problem drilling anyone that wore a uniform for Shinra. They had labeled her entire team of freedom fighters as terrorists and pinned the collapse on them. Fresh outrage seethed through her, she was worried that she was going to start enjoying this if they kept it up.

When she heard them gently sliding the metal bar from its slot to unlock the door, she assumed a wide fighting stance and clenched her leather-clad fists tightly. The door burst open and the first man charged at her wearing a navy blue and combat padding that guarded his knees and elbows. His helmet covered most of his head except for the mouth that he was shouting his battle cry from, a perfect target.

She snapped out a quick jab and his head snapped back with a muffled whimper. His legs turned to jelly and while he collapsed to his knees, he folded back on himself and his body painfully contorted like a gymnast. She mentally winced at his posture thinking that maybe she should pull her punches a little. 

That thought was quickly dashed when she saw they had elevated their tactics to using weapons now when the next one barreled in. If they wanted to hurt her that badly, she was not going to hold back. He had raised his baton high to lash out at her, but she was swifter and stepped into the attack halting the grown man's strike at the elbow. He did not have long to fully process his mistake.

Her knee drove into his groin and she felt his protective cup under his pants meet against the bone, then she felt it break with a sharp CRACK. His feet were lifted off the ground when she drove her knee into the meat of his loins embedding the plastic of his cup up there as well. The force of the impact had knocked his helmet from his head so she could see his eyes bulging from their sockets, yeah, he was no longer a threat.

Still, they kept pouring in like a rising tide and she felt a pang of worry when all she could see was more heads milling about outside the cell waiting for their turn. The pace of the battle picked up as they came at her in greater number. She could only shoot a quick punch to the left when she saw him committing to an attack and he was sent staggering back with a grunt when she connected with his chest.

She only just barely noticed the incoming attack from her right and could only raise her forearm in defense to block the incoming baton. She winced at the impact but retaliated with a side kick catching him in the midsection. He curled around her boot blasting her bare thigh with thick ropes of phlegm before the momentum of her leg launched him off her foot and splayed his body out against the unforgiving metal wall. 

The sound of crackling electricity made her hairs raise on end and she saw the guard wielding a long rod emitting flashes of blue bolts between two prongs at the very tip of the weapon. He was rushing in right down the middle with his arm cocked low to stab at her. His thrust with the weapon aiming for her midsection and she could just narrowly avoid it by side stepping his lunge. 

She grabbed the overreaching arm of the soldier with her right hand and pulled him past her to unbalance him. He helplessly staggered forward and her left arm drove its elbow into his oncoming face with enough force to stop his head dead in tracks. His body lurched past until his spine could stretch no further and it tugged at the rest of his body until his feet kicked out from under him. 

While she clotheslined the one guard, the one she had only thrown a jab to her left came up from behind and brought his baton around to her throat. She gagged when he applied pressure and hauled back on her with enough strength to lift her off her feet. Her stomach knotted with fear when he cut off her air supply and she instinctively clutched at the club he had wedged in his elbows.

Another soldier came rushing in to grab her and she rewarded his careless charge with a boot to the face. His helmet split down the middle from the impact and helped unbalance the man behind her from the force of her kick.

They both collided into the wall and when she felt his hold slacken she put all her weight forward. Her feet planted firmly on the ground and she curled her body low to the ground lifting the man over top her bent body. When she felt his head leaning over hers, she snapped the back of skull right into his face with a crunch.

His grip went slack with a pained grunt and she slipped from his noose before driving her elbow into his diaphragm knocking all the air from his lungs with a wheeze. Her neck was throbbing but the fight was still on and she saw another soldier was coming with another dreaded shock stick. 

Anger seethed in her veins and she scowled rushing in at him before she delivered a spinning kick to the man. He saw her strike coming and attempted to block the incoming foot by raising an arm in defense. The kick came in with such force the limb was contorted around her shin with a wet crackle and then his face took the barely diminished brunt of her fury. 

She hit him so hard his helmet was sent spinning above the cluster of soldiers like a top. His head was violently twisted away from her and his body was forced to follow. The side of the jaw she had hit had completely caved in and his mouth was spraying blood and shattered teeth over the blue uniforms of those closest to him. 

Two men were forced to wrestle with his body when it limply crashed into them. They were surrounding her in her cell and she flew into a fury lashing out at anyone that came too close. She lost track of the number of times they had struck her in the arms, body as she weathered their attack and lashed back them many times harder.

No matter how many soldiers she punished with her blows they just kept pouring in on her. She was more fighting in a panic now as they crowded her. Stars exploded into her vision when a baton solidly connected and smashed her in the knee. She screamed out in agony and her leg crumpled under her weight.

In that small window of weakness, an arm shoved under her chin and she felt the soldier dragging her to the ground. She was bent over her backward in the choke hold and he wrapped his legs around her waist before locking his calves together. She could only let out a pained gurgle when he yanked back on her neck with all his strength.

She was stretched out over atop of him and she tried to gouge at him with her elbows but more soldiers surged in grabbing her by the arms and legs. She felt like she was being smothered and thrashed wildly in their grasp. She was certain she was going to die she was pinned under so many bodies trying to restrain her.

Then she saw one standing over her with a collar attached to a long rod poised to strike and her eyes widened in fear. When the hold on her neck was released there was nothing she could do and felt the cold collar clamp around her neck.

"We got her!" The guard that just leashed her called out in triumph. She felt them all climbing off her and foolishly freeing up her limbs. When she got her first lung full of air, she roared out with her crimson eyes wide in defiance and kicked straight out at the man that gave her this new piece of jewelry.

"FUCK YOU!" She shouted while he was rag-dolled into high the ceiling by the blow before impacting the corner of the roof at an awkward angle. The guards around her scrambled away as their comrade lay in a crumpled heap on the metal floor.

She rushed to get back on her feet ignoring the deep ache in her knee to continue the fight. They were all backing out of the cell, eyes wide in fear of her while other swiftly carrying their wounded out. She felt a pang of worry when only a handful remained and looked far too smug for her liking as they chuckled venomously.

Then hit her, electricity jolted through the collar and she went stiff as a board. Her body rapidly twitched with powerful contractions and her teeth clenched so tightly she could hear them grinding in her head. It was an awful pain, worse than she had ever experienced. It had her own muscles feeling like they were trying to rip free from her bones.

When the shock faded, she collapsed to her knees gasping for air and clutching her chest in pain. It felt like she was being shocked for minutes and she felt absolutely drained from the experience. She felt damp between her legs and the humiliation hit her that she had pissed herself from shocked so bad.

"You gonna play nice or do you want another?" One of the guards spoke up and she looked to see what one held the remote. She saw no sign of one and then she looked at one of the cameras tucked in the corner of the room. Her lip curled into a sneer and she stubbornly started to rise finding if difficult to even clench her fists.

Another shock coursed through her body and an agonized scream was ripped from her throat from the pure agony she felt. Hot tears rolled down her cheeks while her body still shook uncontrollably from the trauma. The stink of burning flesh stung at her nose from the prongs searing into her neck under the collar. For what felt like an eternity she was at the whims of the electricity coursing through her. 

When it finally ended she collapsed onto the floor in a heap. She could only lay there gasping from the hot agony that pulsed through her body and between her ears. Her vision had narrowed into a dark passage and the sounds of laughter echoed through her dazed mind. A hand gripped her under the chin and she was forced to look at the visor of the guard manipulating her head.

"I'll ask you again, are you going to do as we say, or do you want to get fried even more?" He grinned an awful smirk at her seem to greatly enjoy her suffering as his thumb stroked over her bottom lip. She attempted to bite at his intruding finger but he managed to snatch it away. He rose with a shake of a head and chuckle in his voice. 

"Have it your way - bitch."

Tifa's screams erupted through the speakers of the monitoring station as one of Hojo's assistants depressed a button tuned to her collar to deliver her another harsh jolt. Hojo unflinchingly watched as the woman straightened out over the floor and wriggled like a worm on a hook. He was idly counting the seconds in his head while she endured the torment.

"D-doctor... I think she has had enough" His assistant had meekly spoken out of turn and he silenced the little upstart with just the slightest glare before continuing to watch the convulsing woman. Having lost count, he started all over again while she twitched on the floor foaming at the mouth. He found himself quite impressed from her display of both raw power and endurance.

"You may stop the shocks now - assistant." He passively instructed and put end her torment, strong or not, the heart could only take so much. The girl on the monitor curled into a ball and he could see the smoke curling off the overheated collar. He stroked his chin in fascination she was off the charts for a normal human, the first zap he gave her alone should have killed her.

"Who is this woman?" He asked no one in particular as his cluster of underlings milled about to be the first to slake his curiosity.

"Her name is Tifa Lockhart - she is 19 years old and was born in Nibelheim - Doctor." Someone spouted off from his peripheral vision. OH, my, this was an interesting development; she would have been just a child during the incident that occurred there. He stroked his chin again as he inspected the screen recording her suffering.

"How peculiar, for a woman to have such talents and such a usual eye color." He mused out loud while a slow grin curled at the corners of his mouth. What were the chances that she had been exposed to fair dose of mako energy from the reactor all those years ago? It was hardly a perfectly working system at the time, experimental even so the possibility was likely. It was the only reasoning that explained her unique physical talents.

"I want this woman transferred to the exotic specimen holding cells, I think we have stumbled on a... playmate for Red Thirteen." He chuckled gleefully at the prospect of finally wearing down that troublesome animal's sense of morality with this woman. He was further titillated wondering if the experiments could possibly yield some cross-species results.

"Yes, she will be perfect practice for when it will be time for his moment with the ancient."

"B-but... D-doctor how do you know its possible with either of them." Another pesky assistant chimed in trying to ruin his desire to see the experiment through.

"I don't KNOW if it will work, but we won't know if we don't try." It didn't matter if the experiment was a success, what mattered was they at least tried it a few times for good measure. He had an impressive batch unique creatures at his disposal and he was going to tinker with them until he was satisfied.

"Now - if you all are done questioning my work... get that woman transferred to my lab!"

Hojo walked into a large cylindrical room with his arms clasped behind his back. It was spacious to hold larger beasts and composed of nothing more than metal panels. He had made some quick adjustments to hold a human, most just a small bed and crude metal toilet. This would be the woman's new home and It was right next to the interesting animal counterpart he was keen to have her copulating with.

His prodigious forward thinking mind had already made some accommodating modifications to help link the rooms if he so chose. Just across the room, there was a metal shutter and behind it was a particular restraint he was keen to put to use when he felt the time was right. An eager rush of excitement coursed through him thinking about all the suffering he was about to inflict on them, for the science of course. 

He turned at the sound of heavy boots clomping towards the doorway and two men were carrying his new acquisition into the room between them. They had her by her arms and legs, and her body swayed limply between them from the heavy dose of tranquilizer he had administered on her.

He grinned at the sight of purpose built restraints one burly soldier had slung over his shoulder. It looked innocuous enough, just two heavy metal bars that clanged against one another. When properly employed, though, he would have this female in quite the compromising position. They lacked any sort of finesse or style in replace of pure durability to contain a woman of her amazing capabilities.

"Here is fine." He gestured to the middle of the room with an open palm and they dumped her onto the floor with a hard bang. The restraints followed with a gonging clang before and they both bent down to start stripping her down.

"No no - your work here is done. You may leave us." They both exchanged looks and then slowly got up to walk away leaving the unconscious woman with the doctor.

He had all the help he needed when pulled a large pair of scissors from his coat. Once he was alone a mischievous grin spread across his face looking over her. She was laying on her back wearing the same clothes she had when they captured her. Her creamy skin was still bearing the marks of the beating she had taken to be subdued. She truly was a gorgeous find from head to toe every bit looking unmistakably feminine but with a delectably muscular build of a warrior.

He kneeled beside her and placed the point of his closed scissors against her plump bottom lip and pressed the metal into her soft flesh denting it. He slowly ran the sharp blades down her neck knowing full well the drugs in her system were far from depleted and he could play with her as thoroughly as he pleased. He usually liked his subjects alive and wriggling, but she was simply too dangerous of a creature to expose himself too.

The scissors slid over her white tank top between the generous swell of her chest. She had a very impressive bust that strained at her top making the material taught against his blade. He continued to drag them before stopping when he reached the hem of her top just under the naval. They yawned open and he slid the bottom jaw under her shirt against her skin. 

The blades closed with a hiss and the bottom of her tank top parted a fraction. With every cut he made in her shirt, his excitement grew. He sliced until his blades were surrounded by her breasts as he slowly exposed her chest to his roving eyes. Just the sight of the underside of her mounds made his groin pulse with excitement. He paused when he the last fraction of her split top in the jaws of his scissors to savor the moment, then he closed them. 

He huffed in delight when the tank top burst open once he released all the tension in that final cut. Her large breasts wobbled slightly once he exposed them and it was such glorious sight to behold. The suspenders she wore wrapped around the sides of her chest and only helped enhance their look as they pushed them together.

His heart was already racing as he placed his scissors over her stomach to inspect them with his trembling hands. He placed his palms over the chocolate colored tops of her peaks feeling her warmth and her silky smooth skin under his palm. He started to gently knead them in his hands pondering how they could look so full but feel so sensuously soft under his touch.

Her nipples stiffened from his exploration and he gripped those chubby looking protrusions of flesh. Her thick areolas tightened and bunching up around when yanked at her rubbery buds. The texture of them fascinated him as he rolled them under his finger watching her flesh twisting between her fingers. He wondered if she enjoyed men playing with her the way he was or was it possible this would inflict pain.

He released those taught nipples, letting them snap back into place before his hand stroked over her midsection. Just as he thought, that deceptive layer of fat was concealing the most powerful core he had felt in a woman before. He shuddered as he stroked along her stomach his fingers snaking close towards the hem of her skirt. 

He resisted the temptation to just plunge his hand down there and snatched up his scissors again. The suspenders had to go no matter how much they complimented her breasts and he grabbed them both in his hands. She was lifted off the ground when he pulled on her straps making her slack body bend in the middle.

When he cut the black leather suspenders she flopped flat to the floor and her mounds put on a wonderful dance for him. He moved his full attention to the lower region and he could feel his throat was getting dry from the anticipation. She had an extremely short skirt on to accommodate her powerful kicks and he pondered if she had also been distracting the guards with what she could have been wearing under it. 

He was eager to find out and very carefully snuck his blades over the top of her skirt. As he cut her leather belt snapped apart. He carefully sawed into the tougher material of her skirt. His eyes lit up at a flash of white from her thick cotton panties already sporting a small split in the top of them were his scissors snagged on them.

Her skirt fell around the sides of her hips and was left with only her underwear to cover her modesty. The white material was already dark with moisture around her loins and clung to her flesh like a second skin. He could not be certain if it was just from urine when he had her electrocuted, but he was curious to find out. 
