 "Good morning!" 

"If you just joined us we have reports of massive riots downtown Eisle, streets going towards upper One street has been completely blocked by Police. Reports are coming in of various areas under martial law; in other news we have reports that the army personnel have been alerted and ready to deploy at moment's notice. We go to our EYE in the SKY with Mat Dorman." 

Slowly opening my sleep encrusted eyes as radio blares of another unwarranted riot about some poor slob in police uniform shooting a man or men that probably deserve it, fuck, you talk shit you get hit. Especially if you talk shit to men with anger issues with guns. 

"Apparently there are attacks on uniformed men and women of our police force, we caution all citizens to refrain from all actions towards them..." 

God damn! Nobody learns their lessons, mindless, angry and depraved of love, puppies in need of some attention, thinking that smacking a police officer that just wanted to see their ID is correct reaction to everything in world that did not went their way. 

Turning my head towards the clock I see its 7 in the morning. Turning to my right side a woman's naked body was sprawled eagle, sleeping, face covered by her fire red hair. Black lean body offered full view of her private areas, plump breasts rising and falling as the woman breathed in her sleep. This strange creature took my money and decided to have sex with me, while my ugly ass wriggled on top of her until my eventual sexual demise. I had to pop my cherry at some point, being 30 and still a virgin the woman laughed as I explained that she was my first, soon laughter became a strange look of horror for some odd reason. 

She winced when I tried to kiss her. 

So I wanted her to relax, have fun and at least remember my poor ass in some way, laughing at my expense had no real adverse effect on my eventual performance. I have to be clear I do not enjoy being made fun off but I would to anything to make a scared woman relaxed in my presence, if that means relinquishing a part of my dignity then so be it, I would gladly offer any amount if it meant that this woman would feel safe in my proximity. 

With my clothes on I stumbled into my kitchen and started preparing breakfast. Hard boiled eggs, tuna from a can and coffee to spruce things up in the morning. Entering the bedroom, breakfast already on the counter top that serves as my dining table, woman that had offered her body for my own personal selfish pleasures woke up with a start looking at me with odd mixture of trepidation and carnal amusement. Her breasts were open, perky and standing amazingly tall in attention when I met her gaze, sitting near her bed and covering her with a sheet her eyes followed my every action. 

"Miss Jewel breakfast is ready, you can wash yourself in the bathroom, clean towels are there, and your clothes are in the washer. If you could wait for hour or so I'll have them cleaned and read for your use." I smiled as I stood and exited toward the kitchen. 

I ate in silence as several minutes passed Jewel exited the bathroom with a towel around her breasts sitting in front of me and starting to eat, "I usually leave before the guy wakes up. You know to avoid all this mellow shit." 

"I know, I've seen the movies and read several books, your job position avoids any sexual romance. Or did I get the whole thing with Nicole Kidman wrong?" 

"It was Julia Roberts, and yes my line of work is not rosses and unicorns as she portrayed it to be, most of my clients have this notion that I search for sugar daddy that would take care of little' ol' me." She assumed a woe is me position while explaining what kind of men she has been accompanying. 

"I assume that you have met clients that have been more than happy to be violent." I postulated my previous observation of her behavior. 

She looked at her plate when I heard a loud 'breaking news' voice from the bedroom. 

"Hold that thought Miss." I said as I stood up and turned my TV on. 

"Reports are coming in from around the area of One street, as well as streets Plumo and Joious of random attacks on law enforcement that had the street barricaded for purposes as they say 'containing the violence'. For more we go to our EYE in the SKY Mat Dorman. Mat tell us what do you see?!" 

Either Mat was inexperienced or he saw a lot of bad stuff, but few seconds of breathtaking visual attacks and mindless violence that played out on TV made me think that he had abandoned his post in the helicopter. 

"So far... I haven't seen law enforcement succeeding in containing these riots, they are escalating and getting worse by each passing moment, and I have to be frank here, but I have seen police officers shoot civilians that tried to rush the barricade. I... I can't explain what happened, I must be crazy because they just kept going and going. Please if you are near the area STAY INSIDE. BARICADE yourselves and wait for police." 

"Jewel are you ok?!" I asked my prostitute friend. She was looking at the TV and silently gasping for air. 

"No I have friends out there, many girls that I hope have gotten away, what about you?" 

"Nah. All of my family on another continent. I came here to find work." 

"Then you are alone here in this amazing place?" She looked around my apartment. 

I sighed. "Yes. I am. I have no romantic connections though, here or back where I came from. I hoped by living in another city I would gain confidence to at least get some girl interested in my lousy body. Remember you laughed when you saw me strip." I smiled. 

Looking down her feet, "We get warned by our older women that work the streets, that whatever you do, you should NEVER laugh when a male strips. We had many girls beaten to a bloody pulp just for smiling at their package. My heart sank when I did that, I had such a good time that I forgot I was a ... Whore." 

"Hey if it matters I strive to make any woman feel good, I search for perfection regarding that aspect, if she returns the favor is up to her." 

"Oh my God. I'm so sorry, you never finished. You even paid money but all I did was pass out." 

"Regardless, how about we go out and see if any of your sisters are out and about. Maybe they need help." I avoided the topic as fast and far as I could. 

Her eyes still looked at me but she never said anything else. Few minutes passed in silence as person on the TV started explaining how the recent riots are all brought about the global warming and political insecurity around North Korea. Nobody wanted to address the crux of the problem. The real essence behind the reason that the riots might have happening right now. I had few philosophical deductions, hypothesis and theories that nobody cared about. My inner monolog ended up silent as Jewel started to exit my bedroom wearing my old clothes. 

Simple sweat pants and a T-shirt that revealed her plump perky tits. I had to divert my eyes in search for a new focus of my rekindled passion towards this woman. "I'll pick up my old ones when they are done washing. Until then let's go out for a walk, maybe we find out what exactly is happening."¸ 

I locked my door behind us while we started walking towards my car. 20 minute ride to the One Street making twist and turns only a seasoned runner would know, parking in what it seemed abandoned parking lot and resuming the rest of the way on foot. Soon we were in middle of the street; people running past us dirty, bloodied and wounded with expressions on their faces that showed utter terror and defeat. Shock was painted in their every stride while they mindlessly searched for their presumed destination. 

We heard shots and screams coming from around the area. Where were they coming from? Both my date and I were reluctant to search and find out, I am not proud of this fact, but pictures on TV videos did not portray the real terror of this matter. Seeing people attack and getting attacked was not easy on my stomach. 

She grabbed my arm and squeezed it tight. I guess a defensive response to violent imagery that we have seen in the past few minutes. I guess seasoned veterans of various wars would enjoy this feeling but I was scared silly, every loud noise that occurred in vicinity made me jump out of my shoes. Only reason why I was not running is the woman had my hand in hers. And unwritten laws on chivalry required I stay beside her and defend her from everything. Including fear itself. 

I know. I know. White knights and all that, this day in age everything was viewed with a hint of sarcastic humor. If you were one, you are desperate virgin that wanted sex. IF you weren't one then you are an asshole that supported racists and their view on the world. 

Doomed if you do. Doomed if you don't. 

I just do what I want. Not caring about what people might think, post or say about my own actions towards the 'weaker' sex, but still I had viewed everything with certain dose of trepidation. Reading a lot of books about heroes and their exploits, knights in shining armor getting their damsel in distress, always had me living in sort of fantastic worlds of whatever my imagination could create. A mental barrier from all the truth out there. About me as well. 

We came to a loud growling noise from couple of people that stood in the streets. I grabbed her hand tightly leading her towards one of the open stores. I stood among other people that watched this display until sudden car crash on the other side of the road, they started waking up with an ungodly screams, running towards the man that was trying to leave the scene of the crash. Yelling and screaming the people jumped him and started tearing him limb from limb. Blood, guts and screams ensued from the people that were included in the attack. 

Ungodly screams of terror and cries of help made my eyes water and the depths of my soul cringe with tinge of desperation and whole lot of shame. I could not help him, I did not want to help him. I wanted out. Jewel stared. Laughed. She had pale skin and her hand was cold in mine. She started to cry, then few seconds of laughing. Man behind the counter turned his back and started arranging the shelves like nothing was happening, he was busy cleaning up his store. A man and a woman beside me pretended to talk on the phone. Shock went like a ripple thru the people that were watching this scene. 

Two men and women started crying in fetal position on the ground, calling for mom, dad or God whoever was available. Jewel soon started hyperventilating and vomiting her morning breakfast. 

Holding her shoulders I calmed her down, once she was finished regurgitating the meal we had, I took her into the store and started to caress her shoulders. 

"I'm here, nothing will happen to you." 

"Mommy please, save me." She cried out but nobody was aware of her cry for help other than me. 

I could see in her eyes that she looked at a distance, further that I was. Through me and the store, somewhere violence could not reach. I grabbed her by the head. I could smell traces of vomit but I did not care. 

"Focus on me, I am here for you. I will never abandon you. Breathe." 

Taking a bottle of water and making her drink it along with a chocolate bar, I honestly did not know what I was doing but in my youth my mom often gave my sugar water to calm me down if I had a panic attack. She ate small bites of chocolate bar with tiny sips of water. People started to scream and run. Not knowing why I turned and saw the people that attacked the man standing up bloodied with his parts of the body in their arms, mouths and on their bodies. 

When first few men started to run out of the store they followed in ruptured screams and ungodly movements as if their bodies were a board with flapping arms and moving legs. They moved so funny that I found it funny, tracking them with fascination and deprived interest, the reason what made them tick was more important than people that ran for their lives. 

Grabbing four of the women that started to scream and pulling them in the store I closed and locked the door without any reservation of what waited for us, probably the same thing what waited for those men that ran. I moved quickly and threw every shelf that was not bolted down, the glass doors and two windows were soon covered up by random thrown items and piles of discarded newspaper. 

Store inside was occupied by 5 isles of items and counter top where the clerk still sat arranged and rearranged items over and over again. Speaking in random words probably his mind eroding away by each passing second. My female friend grabbed my leg while four women stood in a circle around me waiting for their turn their eyes slowly loosing light and any will that they have right now they were willing to hand over to me. 

"Ladies please, sit down, relax. Jewel I need you to get yourself together and focus on my voice. I know that what you saw was disturbing but I'm here. And you are still alive." 

"What was that? Those screams and voices. How can a man sound like an animal? How?!?!" She was adamant in her search for something that could rationalize the encounter that we just had. 

"Jewel please, I need your help. I need you right now." 

"Sorry. I don't think I can handle anything right now." She was crying. 

"You must or you will lose yourself and I won't be able to help you. You must focus on this moment right now. We will find something to help you later but right now these women need your help. I'll be right there, that clerk also needs some help. Please, everybody is in panic or in shock. We need to help each other." I try to reason with slowly panicking woman. 

Her eyes slowly returned their focus, her glow slowly returned, she was no longer babbling moron that she was few moments ago, I mean no disrespect but I need her help. 

"This way ladies." She guided the four women and started to occupy their mind with banter about their lives. 

"Sir, can you help me?" I called for the clerk that arranged the back shelves for God knows what time. 

He turned, his face was white, I felt shiver down my spine for some reason. As a growing noise with each degree of his body, his unusual movements made my skin crawl. I wanted to run as soon as I saw his eyes roll in the back of his head and his drooling mouth open and close. For some reason he was lost in dream land. I hoped. I prayed that it was just him losing his consciousness. 

He stood there as I inspected his behavior with a close eye. His breaths were fast and shallow. "So, what's with him?" 

A woman's voice almost made my heart jump out of my chest and run off to freedom. Out the store. "Please go back and call others silently." 

Women slowly approached while I asked, "Besides Jewel here, are any of you doctors, nursed or medics?" 

All of them shook their head in denial. I was hoping that at least one of them could provide me a bit of expertise in shock therapy. Or possible prognosis of this person. 

"I forgot to charge up my phone, any of you with a working cell?" It was redundant of me to ask anyone younger than 70 carried a phone with them, and most of the population nowadays had a smart phone. 

"We all have, but lines are busy for some reason. Also takes ages to get online connection. Strange since area around here always had a good connection. We are students so we use the local library even outside of it we have a pretty decent bandwidth." 

"Yeah, you could speak Korean and I still would not have gotten anything that you just said." I smiled. 

"Ladies, I would love if you started to round any provision that you may find, water, food, medicine. I want to see what this store has in stock. I'll check the back if anything happens please either call me or start throwing more boxes." 

All of them giggled while I stepped down from the counter where I was sitting with my legs crossed, the man still drooled and absentmindedly stared out to the crevices of space and time, unknown to the world and me if he'll ever recover. I hoped. I prayed. But still did not seem likely that he would. 

Looking into the darkness, door that went outside were closed shut. Dark aura of uncertainty permeated every step that I took towards the unknown, this shop was not an area where one would hope to spend his last days, or days of random rioting and ungodly violence that we witnessed few minutes ago. Something, between the spaces of my little grey cells told me that this was too unusual and cruel to be called random man on man violence that we see usually. 

Sure random killings and beatings were there, but disembowelment, cannibalism and pure carnage for the sake of some cause was unheard off, sure there are deep underground cults that we usually hear about on the news and special TV programs. But this town was devoid of any violence. I chose it for this specific fact. 

Walking back and carrying a broom handle I saw women doing what I told them to do few minutes ago, hurriedly and with certain amount of desperation I saw one of them drop a bottle of water on the ground and started to wince, and shake like she was waiting for some kind of invisible punishment. 

"What's your name young lady?" I asked as polite as I could, not sounding threatening, looking her in the eye and breathing slow and deep 

"Carly, mommy please I'll do well. I'll do better." Carly started to cry uncontrollably 

"Nobody is going to blame you for anything. Look at me, Miss Carly you are allowed to make mistakes. Miss I would never hurt you, I did say you should do some work to make you focus your brain on other things, I did not expect you to do them so quickly. You are in panic and in shock. I'm not a medic or a doctor, relax, sit down and focus your brain on this moment right here." I was desperately trying to help this woman from her shock and panic attack. 

Jewel and other women watched this exchange while I was desperate in my tribulations to help this woman come out of her insanity. "God damn it!" 

I yelled jumping over the counter and searching the man for his land line, cell anything really. I was reluctant going there in case this was viewed by people as looting. There is fine line between looting and scavenging for supplies. There was no working landline or a TV that I could use for information. 

"We need to get out of here. We need to get out of here." I simply said to women that were sitting on the floor. 

"To what purpose? We are safer here; we have food and water I don't see why we would go anywhere else." 

"Three reasons. First; we lack information and there is lack of it here. Second; we are in closed space, if we get attacked in mass by the crazed people we would be stuck here without any recourse to escape but our odds of fighting t out, which are, I mean no disrespect ladies, but close to zero. Third reason; you ladies are slowly succumbing to panic attacks and I am not a doctor so I can't say I know how to treat it on the spot. We need a safer environment that you can feel safe and mentally calm." 

"So what are you thinking? What if we get attacked out there?" A woman in her mid-20's asked me with watery eyes. 

"Honestly speaking, I hope we do not get attacked. If we do I'll stay and protect you as best as I can, but I can't promise you that we won't get mauled by those people." 

"Ok we got it we should prepare ourselves. What do we take?" 

"Jewel, girls, take only food and water. Anything else and in the eyes of the law it's considered looting. Make no mistakes there are laws in place that are still functional." I warned jewel who hugged her knees and started staring at her feet. 

A sudden scream from what I could only perceive was an animal getting his gut cut while it's still alive ran across the room as we could feel shivers going up and down our spines. I could tell the end of the scream was coming but another one from back of the store followed it up while ladies jumped to their feet. 
