 [Hello again, KalDarov here and I want to thank everyone reading my new story. This time I wanted to try something different and see where and how it went, in this I dabble in few areas that are not my expertise (like other stories that I have) and it will take me few reads and tries over a period of time to get it just right. I do not want to make my sex scenes in my stories seem forced and a major point in the story telling, however I do not want a story that goes on for ages without nothing happening.

There are few characters this time and I hope that they well be accepted, as time passes by I want to make them more developed but not at the expense of storytelling. Without taking more time away from you the new chapter of Breaking Day is bellow and I hope you enjoy it all your comments are welcomed but please be civil about it no need to send me threatening emails.

Thank you]

*

Ian was never considered a good looking guy, even at 190 centimeters and 125 kilograms he was a bit overweight as well but not known to him bellow all those clothes were prim and proper muscles just waiting to be set free. Even during his teens he was an overweight boy that had few friends, boys and girls that wanted little to do with him, but the occasional help with homework and English studies. Working in intervals and training sometimes made his muscles hidden beneath small layer of fat that would disappear if he just stuck to his training duties.

But he never did, long sessions were drawn out just to make him awfully aware that he was fat and unhealthy. He was almost always set as an example for always too eager fitness trainers. So during first few years he developed a need to avoid whatever or whoever had any connection with fitness.

He was an intelligent man, but still wanted to be a part of society that wanted men of all colors to be fathers, brothers in arms or just plain asset to the society. Well army, due to his weight, was off the table. He did try to enlist but was found to have heart murmur as well and his recruiter declined to enlist him.

A father figure was something that came to him when he was asked to be a godfather at 25, looking after his godson made him love children and wanted to have a meaningful and thriving relationship with the opposite sex.

Few dates down the line and he was in a relationship with a girl from his college. A 2 year commitment that led nowhere, he found that his money only went to make her love him, eventually finding her sucking on a guys' cock while he was coming home from work. He was extremely hurt since he never pressured her to have sex with him but still there she was on her knees sucking a guy's dick. After a brief fight Ian managed to feel less of a man then when it all begun. She adamantly tried to protect him, the man lying on the floor having sex with Ian's woman, she loved him, that was evident but it hurt Ian that she provided comfort and control to a man that was not even in a relationship with her, so he thought for a long time that he was the one to blame. Spiraling down into depression was never an option, being from a household with strong sense of morality and usually deflecting the blame to something more tangible, he eventually thought of an excuse that man and a woman sometimes simply were not compatible.

Few years down the line, and one giant move from one continent to the other, let him develop a sense of self, strong urge to please his own needs and wants, usually quite reserved in social interaction with people outside the confines of his own safe space, he had few friends but soon found out that he was quite nice looking. Despite what his peers said to him more and more women on this strange new world, for him, started to express desires that he was not accustomed to before. Many years he thought he was ugly and sub human, his ego took a giant sharp nose dive into the ground while his woman bobbed her head on another man's cock.

Ian for some reason found bits and pieces of his psyche often crumbling down to those same depraved nadirs that he once was, oh such was his pretty young mind and even while he was 30 he found himself with a mind of that same boy, looking at the world with eyes that were just seeing the ebbs of fate flow into the world.

There he was; 4 young women sleeping naked on HIS bed while his cock stood painfully proud and wanted something, somewhere or someone to be buried deep, deep down to his core, feel their every move, breath and sigh while he plunged his hard cock down his shaft.

Certainly, this was just his own imagination. Jewel 2 days prior took his virginity in a slow passionate love making session that he thought he should experience at least one time in his life before he made any other woman happy. But, he found that he could sometimes give a less fuck how anyone else felt, and during the past 24 hours he found something inside him waking. Something dark and primal.

Moving out of the bedroom's doorway and into the couch in front of the lit TV, he sat while News reporter screamed his lungs out while crowd of men and women tore into his flesh. Blood, guts and screams prevailed on the screen while he begged for his death.

"M...Mommy...God...Save me!"

His voice shook while Ian watched all of this with cold eyes.

Women were pretending to be asleep. A silent fear displayed on their eyes while the noises were being amplified by the unknown situation and uncertainty of what was happening to the man on the TV screen.

Day's prior Ian would change the channel without pause, probably sick to his stomach, but now he was mesmerized by the violence of man, of people that wanted nothing but blood on their tongues, inside their bellies, and they wanted human blood. He watched 2 hours while they chased this man into a corner and without much pause just tore him alive.

Their eyes were white, colorless pits of emptiness. There was nothing in there, not much thought was given to mercy or pity.

"What a fun world this has become." Ian whispered softly as he stretched his back.

Now all that was heard from the screen was slurping, chewing and occasional grunts from the men and women that ate the flesh of this poor man.

As Ian stretched his arms and shoulders, screams outside suddenly woke him wide awake. As he was approaching the door, through the window on them he saw that there were 4 women dragged by their hair, arms and legs to a van sitting just across the street. He recognized them as his long time neighbors.

"Common, this will be a good pass time. Their husbands just sold them. Wahahahaha." A man that dragged one of the women laughed with open laughter.

"World goes to shit for 2 days and they sell everything to cover their ass. This is so fucking insane,"

"What about the police?" one of the men questioned.

Probably concerned with their activity the other men just guffawed and continued their assault on the terrified women.

"Who cares? They won't come for this as long as there are greater chaos to deal with. This is so fucking crazy." The one with the loudest laugh continued to speak.

Holding up one of the women by her blond hair, "We will FUCK you up so bad you won't be able to remember what your mouth taste like without cum in it, you'll like our gang of misfits."

Four women trembled, even across the dark air of the night Ian could see them stare at their new 'owners' with terror. Gripping the handle of the door he started to open it while 4 women inside all grouped on his hand and pushed him down. Again terror in their eyes was profound while their hands were pushing him down. He could feel their terror, their fear, their uncertainty. He wanted to calm them down but he was too late. One of the ladies started to unzip his pants.

His already hard cock sprung up, almost as if desperate she bobbed her head up and down while Ian stared at other women urging her to finish. Ian was quick to release, as he was yet inexperienced to all of their tiny but prevalent ministrations. Woman that just finished giving him mind altering blowjob, lifted her head from his crotch and swallowed his load of goo.

"Ladies please relax I just wanted to help those women." He sent a soft gaze to them taking the woman's face that just finished drinking his semen, in his hand and kissing her slowly.

Breathing heavily he rose up to his feet, he made his resolve a new. A dark precipice that was before him turned into a beach paradise.

Mind clear, determined, and resolute finally brave enough to confront three men that started to load now empty husks of flesh. Women that were just staring into space not knowing what to do about their apparent situation, slowly were opening their eyes to the newcomer with attitude in front of the group that took them from their homes.

"Gentlemen I wish to claim those women." A line out from the fantasy novels

Many words came across his mind. Liberate, free or even help but was soon cut down since these men would by now be interested in two things money and sex. Women were not people of flesh but objects of desire, to them they were no different than sex slaves. Four men slowly turned to face this 6foot5 man that was slowly walking towards them. His voice just barely above whisper as he stated what he wanted.

By now a slow light in their minds has becoming brighter with each second that went by, all four women stared at the eyes of this man that was lit with strange determination. They did not know how or why but they welcomed this new uncapped hero. They were lost in spaces of depraved insanity when his words brought them back to the moment they viewed.

"Fuck off." A man known to them as Jim, snarled at this man trying to intimidate him with his stance and aura.

The rest of the crew were not violent per se but wanted to pick up on some stray payments, and their boss raised the debt that these women's husbands have made by 5000% making them choose between their legs or slavery. Jim was pleased and surprised when the men offered their wives one by one as collateral for their debt. How delicious!

Ian stood in front of four men. Silently his body trembled while he looked as calm as he possibly could, few times he wanted to turn and run into the house but every time he glanced at the women his resolution became stronger.

Shots' rang out through the air as they faced off. "Listen I just want to buy them."

Ian wanted them to make the first move, at least he could see what their next course of action would be, good or bad.

Jim stood, his nerves almost to the point of breaking. 'What if he has a gun? Or more people?' he thought to himself.

Jim was taken aback when one of his men ran towards the man and lifted his knife to stab him in the chest. Before he could say or do anything 2 things happened; girls' scream behind him, and while he turned the man that was charging lied down on his back. Not moving.

Ian did not know how he did it but his hands moved in slow motion and broke the neck of the charging human. He never took another person's life. He thought he would feel bad, but nothing, an emptiness inside pointed to him that he was incapable of pity.

Thinking nothing of it, it was his time to act. Not knowing how to start he did one thing he thought would, in this case be beneficial to his situation, he ran towards the 3 men with great speed. Knife now in his hand. How? He could not be sure. But there it was, his right hand was firmly gripping it by the handle while the blade now dug deep into the flank of one of the men.

Screaming with pain, terror in his eyes, Jim started to feel fear like never before. His crew, his mates and friends whom went thru thick and thin with him just ditched. Not even turning once to check on him, they just ran as far and fast as they could. Blood beneath his fingers was now gushing in steady stream, the man above him just looked down with sad expression on his face. The dark emptiness hugged him tightly.

Ian's mind now raced, he killed a second man and after his lackeys ran off, and the adrenaline started to wear off, emotions and the consequences from his actions finally hit him square in the chest. Bending down started to vomit violently. Four women now awake had eyes of desperation.

Jewel saw how this mountain of a man moved through the men and actually killing 2 of them with relative ease. She felt a tinge down below her stomach, remembering how he showed her what passion really was, even though he was a virgin he knew how to treat a woman. With kindness and love, even her a seasoned prostitute.

Seeing him right now kneeling down and vomiting she knew that the situation and all of the killings were slowly eroding his psyche, so she warned her new girlfriends. They were little too eager to please him any way they could but he never once wanted to exploit his current situation. When he started to walk out, a woman was afraid he was about to sell them to these guys, but again he left her surprised.

Slowly moving towards him she knelt and took his head into her arms, slowly and gently, he started to calm down and she gave him a peck on the lips, not caring about the smell of vomit in his breath.

He finally remembered where he was and strength that left him so easily finally had returned to his bones. Standing up he looked at four women on the pavement, frowzy hair, dirt on their naked bodies showed how much trauma they just endured by simply getting dragged around. Few moments passed Jewel was suddenly again beside him with a blanket that covered each of the beauties.

Turning towards other women behind him he saw Carly with 2 other women pacing about uncertain what was about to happen. Jewel grabbed his shoulder to reassure him, of what he was not certain but he knew that these women needed to be helped.

Two men that ran off finally found the courage and ran back, one of them screaming from the top of his lungs, "We will be back and you'll pay, we will hunt you down, catch you and rape you every living second of the day. 500 men."

They disappeared into the night leaving us to fend of the fear and trepidation that surrounded the air that we breathed. 500. Ian could not believe what he heard, 500 men just craving to get these precious women that needed nothing more but to be left alone.

"Ladies. I am sorry but I dragged you into this mess, we need to run from here before they return with reinforcements. We need to hide. I'm sorry to say but I alone am not going to stop them from doing whatever they want with your bodies." Ian started to talk

"Grab whatever you can we will use this van to escape. Far, far away if we have to."

Carly and 2 other women ran into the house, while one of the four women started to speak. "I am Monica, this is my mother Esther, and my 2 friends Laurie and Jezz."

"To thank you we have a luxury boat in the marina we could use it to sail and escape this whole ordeal for a while. We invite you all to it, the key is in the house and we have a gun as well. Our husbands are locked in their safety rooms."

Apparently the women shared their estate. Ian took off running and found the key and the gun that Monica was talking about, him and Jewel grabbed whatever they could and started to load the trash bags they found with food and drinks. Soon 2 trash bags were full of canned food, cereals and bottled water.

While Jewel left to bring the supplies back to the van, Ian was left alone with his thought's, slow ping of hatred built inside him finding what it look like a giant safe in the wall he grabbed a match and lit a small fire that he hoped would build into a raging inferno eating whatever was inside. But he knew deep down inside that was wishful thinking, men were safe behind their unbreakable wall. He slowly extinguished the fire and finally departed the room leaving it locked.

Checking the few supplies in boxes he found that somehow they were full of caned dog and cat food. He took it with him just in case. In his mind food was food. In these trying times there was no way of predicting what would happen the next second.

Van was already full with supplies and women; Monica, Esther, Laurie and Jezz finally had some clothes on their backs sitting comfortably in their seats while the back of the van was full with supplies. The drive towards the marina was uneventful. Droves of people on the roads for few hours showed a picture like nothing was happening, but upon a closer look the desperation on their faces made it clear what the real situation was like.

Ian gave the gun to Esther, in his mind she was the oldest and most dependable out of the group. Her lush green eyes and dark brown hair made her seem like she was just out of the cover for any magazine that cared for how women actually looked. Ian found himself staring over and over whenever he slowed down, he made sure she would see him entranced by her mature beauty he was unable to focus, Growing passion was slowly emanating from him as he found it hard to focus on the road.

Esther was equally puzzled by his and her lust. She was intrigued to find how he stared in apparent lust at her own body. She was often reminded by her husband how he really thought about her, an ugly woman that had no place to say anything about; not in those specific words but more all of the whoring that he did with other women. He even had agreement that their child would lose all of his money if she left him, for appearances sake and her own daughter she shut her mouth and endured.

All these years.

Acting as a dutiful wife, a doll that would nod to his every word, as soon as the world went to dumpster he threw her and her daughter to the wolves. Literarily.

He stared at her as she returned the looks of need and lust. A long empty stretch of a road right before the marina let them know that they were quite close. As they approached a mass of boats stared them in the face, she pointed at the largest luxury boat in the marina, as Ian was uninformed about yachts, other if they looked good, he did not know if he could offer any help driving it when they are out to sea.

"That's our yacht Lucy, 30 meter boat that could be practically self-driven" Monica said as she looked at the ship.

Slowly a smile appeared on her face as Ian looked at her, she was unaware of this, but he thought her smile was quite charming.

"I could skipper it but many think that having a woman captain of a boat is sort of a bad luck. So my 'father' never let me behind the wheel, but I can steer it quite easily." She seemed to get sad but soon perked up when she saw Ian smiling.

"You should smile more, your smile is quite charming." He just blurted out what was on his mind.

She ran like a little girl, never before has a man said that about her, or her smile. Few minutes later they got the supplies into the ship and soon everyone was boarded. Monica did few tinkering's only a seasoned sailor would understand as Ian watched behind, looking at this woman as she gazed delighted at her new job. Soon the ship named Lucy sailed. He was in awe.

"We have fuel to set sail out to sea but as soon as we are there we will use wind to further travel. We do not need that engine but my 'father' installed it just to spite me."

Sooner than said she turned off the engine and turned towards a panel pushing a button she said "Anchors' away"

Ian navigated the long hallway to outside, he never imagined how massive these ships would be, often seeing those on shows and in marina when driving by, he always thought people paid way too much money to get these ships. But now, it was evident that it was well deserved investment to anyone that decided to undergo that little choice or had millions just burning in his pocket.

Esther was looking at this young man. What made her skin and pussy tingle was the way he looked at her, the most piercing gaze with his blue eyes. She wanted to walk up to him, to ask him anything, she wanted this man in her life. But again, he surprised her by moving towards her first.
