 He worked diligently, day and night, in hopes to find his cure. The days had passed slowly and he had lost count of them. Years had passed, though he could not be sure how many. She was still with him, however, and that was all that mattered. She was what kept him going. She was the ultimate goal. He had done so many things throughout their relationship to drive her away. He wanted her, but he could not love her. Those feelings were impossible for him to know, despite how desperately he wanted to, so he tried to push her from him. She would have none of it. She stuck by his side and there she stayed, through everything. She was his partner, his coach, his muse, and most of all, his love.

Despite the curse, he had begun to feel. Though at first he did not understand that which she had planted inside of him, he felt it growing and knew he had to find out what it was. She told him of love so many times and she made it sound wonderful. So wonderful in fact, that he had begun his experiments in secret.

As time passed, he came to understand the feelings inside of him, and the closer he came to the answer, the more he wanted. He wanted power, he wanted fame and fortune, but only if he could have her too.

His dreams were plagued of her; the vibrant red of her luscious curls, that pale skin - marbled with the powdery blue of veins. Her eyes, most of all, haunted him. Her eyes had been such an intense green when they'd first met. She had been so vibrant and full of life. That was what attracted him to her in the first place. But back then he was not interested in companionship. He was interested in her spirit, in using her to his own gains. She had quickly taught him to think otherwise, and he was more grateful of that with each passing day. Now, her eyes were a pale comparison of that. While her appearance remained youthful, her eyes betrayed her. She was truly old, wise and she was dying.

Through all of this time, she had expended so much of her energy that her spirit had started to wither. Each time he saw her, he could see in her constantly paling eyes just how great of a toll he took on her. He looked into eyes so faded they were nearly purely white. He knew he must hurry or he would lose her forever.

The wizard quickened his pace, his experiments grew more extreme. To the outside viewer, he was a murdering bastard. He was, in all senses of the word, evil. However, he was changing, and so deeply that even he could hardly believe it. Murder still he did, but it was blood shed in the name of love.

She knew he was getting close. She could feel it. But when would he be over? When would it be done? When would she finally be able to touch him without causing him pain? The curse that had befallen him disallowed him contact. Each caress was agony, each kiss was torture. Because of this, they did not have much physical contact, despite the yearning they both had.

She sat now, in a tavern near the wizard's tower, staring into the depths of a glass of wine and allowing her thoughts to sink. Her heartbeat had grown so faint that she could no longer hear it. Sometimes she wondered if she had not already died and this was her Hell; an eternity of waiting for a dream that will never become reality.

Days had passed since she had last seen him, and he had not been in a jovial mood. In fact, they had not spoken much that day. The few days following went by with no contact from him. Even though she lived within his Tower, she never knew where he was or what he was doing. 

The back of her neck grew warm, itching, and slowly grew into a burning that could only signify one thing. He was thinking of her. She touched the mark on the back of her neck and smiled. When he had first marked her so many years ago, she had hated him, and hid it from everyone. But now she was proud of that scar, and the bond that it signified. She closed her eyes, inhaling the thick fragrance of alcohol and wood in the room. He was thinking of her alright, but in an entirely different way.

She opened her eyes, a vision forming in her head that had nothing to do with her own conscious thought. She saw him, naked, his ashen skin pressed against hers in perfect contrast. His white hair, purer than virgin snow, fell like silk across her face. She was smiling up at him, the expression creasing her eyes and he laughed softly, and took her lips into a kiss filled with more passion than she herself had ever felt. His lips moved from her mouth to her chin, and then suckled at her neck. The trail his kisses made left her skin warm. As he moved between her legs, she could feel his breath hot on her skin.

She covered her mouth as she watched this vision fade from view. He had never had thoughts like this before, at least, none that he had shared with her.

Just as it faded from view, giving her only a moment to consider what she had seen, another vision took its place. They were entwined together in the act of love, but on a hillside, the grass writhing in ecstasy with them. She could feel the sun on her face, which she feared. He was a vampire, and a Drow, and the sunlight would be the death of him. Yet, he dreamed of it, because it was his ultimate fantasy.

That vision faded from her sight and left her smiling. Meanwhile, the wizard was deep in his dungeons, draining the blood from yet another unwilling participate, and dreaming of the day he could fulfill his lustful fantasies.

"Soon, my angel," he whispered in her head. "Very soon."

She returned to the Tower that evening, long after sunset and sat in the cold surroundings of her room. The door to the balcony stood open, allowing a warm breeze to move through the room. She sat on the edge of her bed, and in moments, was sleeping atop the velvet-lined furs that dressed it.

The moonlight streamed through the windows, giving her an ethereal glow. The rays fell upon her face, caressing her, but that touch is not what woke her. She took a deep breath, her eyes slipping open to find him lying beside her. He did not smile; he did not frown, but regarded her with something much deeper. She knew in that look that he had succeeded. He seized her suddenly, his hands pulling her halfway atop him. He was naked. She had never seen him naked, but her skin felt so cool against his. She sighed audibly, a sound of relief and of need.

His hands slipped over her back and grasped at her ass. She stared into his eyes, a silent consent passing through them. His experiments had worked, the spell was broken, and he no longer felt any pain. He found her lips in a crushing kiss that was both forceful and gentle at the same time. He pushed her onto her back and came atop her. His lips found her throat and trailed downward. Finding her breasts, he cupped them in his hands, teasing her nipple with his thumbs before taking one of them into his mouth. He suckled her, much to her pleasure, which was obvious with the moan that escaped her throat. The soft noises he heard pushed him downward. Her stomach was flat and the muscles jolted in spasms as he touched her. She whimpered softly as he lowered his head between her thighs. His tongue flicked out, snake-like and hungry against her clitoris. She felt the warmth spreading through her, her pussy growing wet in anticipation. But he was in no hurry. He had waited to long for this. He licked at her dripping hole, and nibbled on her clit. She writhed so much that he had to hold on to her hips to keep her still. Even then, her body arched uncontrollably. She came quickly and in a sudden outburst of pent up tension and need. His tongue lapped at the juices that flowed from her, pungently sweet and exciting.

He moved away from her, sitting up. Through heavy eyes she gazed at him, and with his beckoning she moved toward him. His fingers wrapped in her hair and guided her to his cock. She was impressed with the size of it. The skin wrapped it tightly, soft in her fist, like the velvet of her bed. Her tongue flicked out against the head. It responded in a lurch against her lips. She opened, taking the round helmet in, and then with a stroke of her hand along the length of the shaft, pulled him completely into her mouth. He responded with an overwhelming gasp of pleasure, his hips shifting toward her, pushing him further into her mouth. She responded by opening wider, and taking him into her throat. Her head thrusted back and forth along him, teeth teasing the skin, tongue flicking. He stopped her suddenly and pushed her back onto her pillows. His hands found her knees and parted them, slipping up her thighs as he moved between them. His eyes were thick with his need as he fisted his cock and pressed into her. She cried out with the suddenness of his invasion, but was soon moaning with his thrusts. He wanted to fuck her so badly, yet he did not want to rush this. It seemed almost a shame to waste the first time, but he could not help it. His cock throbbed with the need to come and he could already feel it building up in him.

She cried out loudly, her nails digging into his ass. Her pussy tightened, relaxed, throbbed and clenched at him. It felt as if she were trying to milk him. Almost to the urging of her pussy and the way she screamed his name while she came, his cock let go, pumping his hot load in bursts. His hips bucked with reckless abandon against her. Spent, exhausted, sated, he laid his head on her breasts. Stroking his hair, she watched his face. He moved from her and lay by her side.

"My angel," he whispered, caressing her face, and his cock lurched back to life against her thigh.