 Author's Note: Read Chapter 1 first.

*****

"Gale?" She asked, frowning. For a moment I was confused by what was happening, until I felt someone shaking my shoulder. In an instant, I was back in the changing room. Fae was there, looking at with concern. I blinked and looked around, unsure what happened, "You okay?" I focused on her and gave a visibly disappointed pout; it was just a particularly vivid fantasy.

"Yeah, yeah I'm fine." I told her, standing up, "What happened?" I asked, though I was pretty certain I'd fallen too deep into my daydream. My head ached a little as well, I must've knocked it on something.

"You just kind of passed out. You sure you're alright?" She asked again, giving me possibly the most serious look I'd ever seen her wear. I nodded.

"Yeah. Don't worry. How long was I out?" I stood as I spoke, the world swaying slightly. Thankfully, it stabled quickly. Fae watched me with an uncertain eye, but answered nonetheless.

"About 3 minutes, I guess. Look, Gale, why don't you go home for today? I'll let Frank know." Frank was the store manager. A nice guy, kind and considerate, and very organised. For a moment, I was about to insist that I was fine, but then my brain kicked in, reminding me that I had a chance to indulge myself if I went back home early. Damn, I knew I had a higher than average sex drive, but I was becoming a borderline nymphomaniac. I might have to call Doctor Blare, I thought.

"Um, yeah. I think you're right." I said and walked on somewhat unsteady legs to the door. Fae was right beside me, arms poised to assist me if needed.

"You alright to drive?" She asked.

"Yeah, I'm good." I told her, though the conviction in my voice was clearly weak, as she gave me a stern look.

"I'll drive you home, no buts." She said, raising a finger to shush me when I was about to reply. I sighed and nodded.

"Just let me pay for these and we'll go." I said, lifting the bras still in my hand. Fae didn't argue against that, though I could still see a blush on her face from the knowledge of what she had given me, and the fact that she had seen me in it. Good to know that not all of that was a fantasy. A few minutes later, we walked out, bag in tow and headed back to the store. As we walked, I couldn't help pondering why I had seemingly passed out.

I've always had an extremely vivid imagination. My parents were worried about me when I was younger, because I'd often seem to be off in a world of my own. This had happened to me several times before. The first of which was back when I was 16 and had realised my leaning towards the female sex, my fantasies took on a whole new level. Basically, in the middle of class one day, I'd seemingly gone comatose until someone noticed and roused me from it. It'd seem almost normal if it weren't for the fact that my eyes had been wide open while I was out of it.

It sounds unnerving, I know. But it hasn't happened in years, until now. Even then, it's not all that unpleasant, since the catalyst is one of my fantasies that seem to come to life. Back when I was 16, and admittedly naïve, the fantasy that caused it was of the head cheerleader. She was a real looker, had everything a teenage horn dog would want in the highlight of their high school years, including the lack of any higher brain power. I heard she ended up doing modelling and then porn. Go figure.

Fae and I got back to the store.

"Alright, you wait here and I'll be right back." She told me, heading inside while I stood beside her car. I couldn't get that fantasy out of my head, though I was taking care not to let it overwhelm me like it had before. Part of me wandered if Fae knew what I had imagined, or at least suspected it. A small gust of wind breezed past me, the chill of Autumn sending a small shudder through me and making my nipples stand on edge. I glanced down and saw them jutting through my shirt, reminding me that I had forgotten to put one of my bras back on. They were pretty obvious at the time.

Fae came back out, keys in hand. She walked up to me and I quickly noticed the way her eyes struggled to avoid my chest, where my nipples stuck out for all to see. Ordinarily, I would pull my jacket over to cover them, but I was still eager to tease her further and, hopefully, make my fantasy come true. Though I had enough sense to cover them in the car. An accident is far from the top of my bucket list.

"I told Frank about it and he says it's okay. Just get better and come back tomorrow." She explained.

"Thanks, Fae. Sorry if I worried you." I told her, and I genuinely meant it. I don't like to make others worry, makes me feel horrible, like I'm putting and unnecessary weight on their shoulders. Makes visiting my mother something of an ordeal, since she always frets over me, but it's something I've learned to live with considering the fact that mothers always worry. Fae just smiled and shook her head.

"Don't worry about it. It was worth it." She said, before clamping her lips shut. I glanced at her from the passenger seat as we pulled out of the staff parking lot. Her eyes were wide and a blush had creeped back onto her face. Here was a girl who was very easily flustered. Fuck it, I thought and looked to her.

"Fae," She leaned her head towards me to show she was listening, "Would you like to go out with me? Like on a date?" The car jerked, thankfully just before we'd pulled out into the road. I looked to Fae's fingers, seeing them gripping the steering wheel tightly, almost to point that her knuckles turned white. Eventually, she exhaled deeply and relaxed.

"Yes." She said so lightly that I didn't hear her. When I said nothing, she turned to face me, "Yes, I'd like to go on a date with you." She reiterated, a large, nervous smile spreading across her face. I returned the expression.

"Great, La Charité sound good? Say, 8 o'clock?" I asked. It was an expensive place, but one that was worth it. And I was prepared for this with some personal savings stashed away for when the day came that I had a date, and one that I had wanted for quite some time.

"Are you sure? Isn't that place expensive?" She inquired, having regained her composure and was now driving down the road. There was worry in her voice as well, thinking about what'd happened earlier. Fae knew where my apartment building was, most people did, given the size of the town. 

"Don't worry. My treat." I told her. It was only right that the one who proposed the date be the one to pay for it. Fae shook her head though.

"No, we'll go half and half." She said, admonishing the very idea.

"But-" I began, however she raised a hand from the steering wheel to silence me.

"No buts." She told me simply, glancing at me from the corner of her vision with a look that crushed any rebuttal I was about to think of. I sighed and relaxed into the seat, settling in and allowing my head to process the sheer fact that it had, with some pushing, permitted my mouth to ask Fae out. Even when I had arrived back in my apartment, after waving goodbye and blowing a kiss to the ever diligent Fae, I couldn't wipe the smirk off my face. The worry brought on by my fainting spell earlier had long since been removed from my mind.

Though I clearly remembered the fact that my breasts were apparently growing. I headed to my mirror bathroom mirror, which afforded me a look from just above the waist and upward, removing my shirt as I did so. As I stood there, squinting slightly I could definitely see a visible increase to my bust. My nipples also looked bigger, more than they should do for this size, but not to the point that I would say they appeared swollen. Somehow, they looked almost completely natural.

The colouration was also somewhat darker than before. It was almost imperceptible, but still there nonetheless. I briefly thought about rescheduling my next appointment with my doctor, but pushed the thought away. I felt just fine; no aching, no soreness, nothing out of place, and no pain in general. If my breasts continued to grow at this pace over the next three months, when my next check-up was due, they would be pretty damn large. From what I could guess, they had gained almost an entire inch in just a couple of days.

If there was any cause for concern; it was my libido. I had been studying my reflection for what couldn't have been more than five or so minutes, and I could already feel the heat of my desire from before smouldering within me. Sparks of it were beginning to lick at the walls of my control, gradually urging me to give in. I knew I had intended to use this unexpected day off to relieve some tension, but I hadn't quite realised just how great my lust had grown over the course of just a few hours. It required some special attention.

I didn't bother to put my shirt back on. My apartment was warm and no one could see me, well, unless someone had snuck in and set up hidden cameras, but that was ridiculous. I soon came to my bedroom, pulling out my toy boxes from their hiding spot. I looked them over and settled on Size 9. This was my box that gave me a bit of a stretch, but nothing too severe. It also had one of my favourite items inside.

I stripped down completely and opened it up. Within rested my 10'' vibrator, which was just as thick around as it was long, and next to it a tube of what many would assume to be lube. Which it was, but it also doubled as a potent aphrodisiac. How potent, one might ask, well enough to bring me from a tired and groggy state to a ravenous, nymphomaniac in under a minute. Though that required a rather liberal amount.

Like with the Size 12 box, beneath the toy and lube, rested a secret toy. It wasn't like my equine phallus. This one wasn't that large, only 9'', but its girth more than made up for what it lacked in length, at least when compared to the other toys in my collection. I pulled it out, my fingers failing miserably to meet around it. As if that wasn't enough, it had an inflatable knot, like a canine's penis. In short, not the biggest in length. But in thickness... oh man.

My toys sat on the bedside table as I laid on my bed as naked as the day I was born. I always began like this, just letting my hands trail over my body. Fingers lingering on my breasts and nipples, tweaking the nubs into hard peaks, before my palms ran over my slightly pudgy stomach, to my shapely hips and thighs. I didn't go any lower. I raised myself up, my hands sneaking under my body to take a large handful of my ass and grope it. A sigh escaped my lips at the feeling.

I've found that I enjoyed playing with my ass since leaving high school. Not my anus, though I've explored and discovered that its rather pleasurable, however my cheeks simply feel delightful in my hands. Soft, like my breasts, but firm with honed muscle beneath the dough like flesh. My butt didn't send pulses of desire through my body, like my breasts would, however it was like a low heat gradually building. This was essentially my own personal massage to loosen me up.

Eventually, my hands found their way across my hips and back to my front. I relaxed on the bed, sighing happily as my thoroughly massaged rear was caressed by my soft mattress. Finally, a moan tore its way out of my mouth, as my fingers came into contact with my moist heat. At long last. I had been waiting hours for this moment.

Even so, I wasn't about to rush. My fingers lightly ran over my vaginal lips, occasionally dipping into my soaked hole to gather some of my juices and lather my engorged labia in it, causing a low moan to rise from my mouth. I let my eyes shut slowly, summoning all the fantasies that had threatened to overwhelm me earlier this day and letting them play out in my mind. It was like firewood on a fire, helping my lust burn, but without allowing it to roar. I intended to change that soon.

I had just the method as well. My juices were flowing nicely now, a small unnoticed puddle forming on my bed beneath me. Moist as I was, the time came to douse the flames of my desire in my own personal brand of gasoline; two fingers extended straight and entered my wet pussy to a sharp moan of pleasure. My body jerked at the penetration, having anticipated it for so long only to be disappointed time and time again, until now. I felt my muscles go lax in my face, mouth drooping open and drool running from the sides of my mouth, while my cunt tightened around the intrusive digits. It was rare that I came so hard so soon.

When I had come down, I was panting as if I'd ran a marathon. My fingers remained inside of me, the drenched walls occasionally twitched around them, as if my body refused to let go of the pleasure they offered. I echoed the sentiment precisely. With the understanding that my ecstasy seeking cunt was more than ready, I reached over and grabbed the first dildo, the 10'' one. Its girth was insane, too thick for my fingers to meet around. Thankfully its tip was tapered and flared out into its true size.

Even so, the tip was still a good 6'' around. As I held it, poised at my entrance, I inserted a third finger and used it to stretch open myself. My other hand moved closer, the dildo's head approaching my entrance. In my imagination it almost seemed to be drooling, just as much as my mouth. A groan of pleasure escaped my lips as I pushed the plastic dick into myself.

"Oh god, I needed this." I moaned aloud as I felt my cunt stretching, that delightful sensation coursing through my body and mind. Very few things could outmatch the feeling for me. I continued to push it inside, moaning and gasping as I felt my snatch opening further and further. With every inch that entered me, I was forced to stretch an equal amount, until finally I was stretched tautly around my toy. Despite this, I continued to push it in and didn't stop until all 10'' were inside.

When I had reached that goal, I relaxed. I laid there, panting and moaning lowly while my dildo rested inside my pussy. A grin spread across my face, a feeling of fulfilment coming over me as I basked in the sensations of my stuffed snatch. But I knew this wasn't nearly enough and my hands seemed to know it too, as they reached for my pussy to further stimulate it. My fingers ran over the tautly stretched labia, bringing another moan.

A part of me felt content to lay there like this. Just lazily pleasuring myself, but with no chance of a fulfilling orgasm. However, that simply would not do. I forced one hand away from my body and to the bedside table, where my aphrodisiac spiked lube sat. Unscrewing the lid, I poured a small handful onto my stomach and returned it to its position. After that I began to rub the lube into my skin, moaning openly as I felt the potent aphrodisiac quickly go to work. This was pure gasoline for my flames.

My hand, coated as it was in lube, returned to my snatch while its sister retreated. I took hold of the dildo, managing to pull a couple of inches out from my clenching pussy, before ramming back inside. The lube that covered my hand rubbed off onto it and, when it came into contact with my pussy, onto my sensitive labia. Bursts of light streaked across my vision, as if fireworks had been set off within my body, but with the focus of it where it mattered; my crotch. I pulled the fake cock back and shoved it inside again.

Soon enough I had built up a rhythm. I angled my hand just right, allowing the still aphrodisiac painted palm to further coat my groin. With each hilting thrust of the dildo, I felt its tip shove against my cervix, like a battering ram attempting to break open a castle's gate. And each time I felt that, my orgasm drew that little bit closer, its pace increasing dramatically with every single thrust. My head pushed down into my bed, mouth open to release a constant series of moans to the ceiling. Meanwhile, my hands never strayed from their position at my crotch and breast.

One hand would thrust my dildo in a constant pace, while the other would grope and squeeze my sensitive breast. Like before, I noticed the fact that they felt more sensitive than before, almost like they had taken on the qualities my pussy. Not that my lust hazed mind cared to note this, only caring to indulge in the fact. My fingers took a nipple between them, pinching and pulling on it to elicit a high pitched moan from my lips. It felt almost as good as my clit.

As if to dissuade the idea, I brushed the engorged nub atop my stretched cunt. Immediately, the fireworks of pleasure that had been exploding within me suddenly turned into WMDs, sending me into a cascade of eye-rolling bliss. My hand squeezed my breast hard, the nipple being pulled away from me as my body seized up in the face of overwhelming ecstasy. My mouth hung open in a silent cry to the heavens.

My hips bucked as if to meet the hips of an imaginary lover. Somehow, that thought made its way through the fog of joyous pleasure, affirming itself in my head. My orgasm, beginning to gradually fade as I passed its precipice, had its flame rekindled as my fantasy took hold. Fae kneeling behind me on my bed, just as naked as I was, holding onto a massive strap on that seemed to throb in time with my heart. She smiled lustfully down at me and pushed it inside. It was no strap on.

As far as my mind was concerned, Fae had a cock. A massive, 10'' long and 10'' thick slab of meat between her legs, complete with finger sized veins throbbing powerfully and a pair of balls the size of racquet balls. They hung heavily in a taut sac, the smooth skin of Fae's scrotum marred only by veins as thick as the shaft's. My imagination, as powerful as it was, made it feel like her balls were smashing into me with each thrust. Her shaft penetrated me repeatedly, filling my depths almost beyond what I could handle.

Then, without any warning from even my own mind, Fae seemed to grow. Not in length, in fact she lost a full inch, however that inch seemed to add five-fold to her girth. My pussy never once complained as it was forced to open even further than before, by a wide margin at that, only sending consistent waves of pleasure through me. The Fae of my imagination finished her changes, but her pace didn't falter in the slightest. No, that wasn't quite right. She sped up.

Were I in the right frame of mind, I would have tried to slow her down. But I couldn't find the will. That wasn't quite right either. I wanted her to go faster, much faster. As if in response, she moved even quicker, putting more power into each thrust. My orgasms began to roll into one another. My vision blurred, eyes rolling back into my skull as I fell into the blissful abyss of aphrodisiac laced climaxes. I couldn't hold up under the assault. I passed out.

I had no idea how long had passed when I regained consciousness. The sun was setting, that much I knew from the faint rays of light that pervaded my bedroom. However, I couldn't even find the strength to roll my head from side to side. A sense of satisfied exhaustion permeated my entire body, the same kind of sensation one feels after an intense, but intensely fulfilling workout. Accompanying this feeling, was a soreness between my legs, oddly mixed with a sensation that I was stuffed full of something. Curious, I moved a hand down to my pussy and found my dildo jutting out of me.

The memories came back in a rush and I grinned like a drunk. Somewhat reluctantly, I pulled the fake cock out with a long, drawn out sigh. It pulled on the walls, as if threatening to pull them out with it. Thankfully, my juices had yet to dry and I was able to pull it out fairly smoothly. Even after I placed it down on my bed, I laid still for several long seconds, or maybe minutes. When I did manage to muster the will to sit up, I looked down at myself.

A frown creased my forehead in an instant. Confusion replaced the feeling of satisfaction. On my stomach, sat a single drop of white. It looked similar to cream; white and thick. Naturally curious, I reached down and dabbed a finger into it, the tip coming back coated in the stuff. I brought it to my nose, taking a deep sniff at it to try and ascertain just what it was exactly, but the scent was absent. Save for a faint smell of milk, but it was so mild that I couldn't tell amidst the fragrance of my juices.
