 Author's Note: Read Chapter 1 first.

*****

I groaned and sat up. I felt great, despite the throbbing in my head from the mild hangover. The only issue is that I regretted not having another body beside mine, but that could change. Particularly if last night was as fun as I seem to remember it being. There was something I did notice as I sat up; my shirt was a bit tighter than I remembered. But it couldn't be? It should be impossible to grow bigger boobs overnight. I must've put on a smaller one last night.

Actually, I didn't even remember changing into the shirt. How much did I drink last night? I wondered, though it couldn't have been too much. Otherwise I would've been groaning at the thought of doing anything more than lying in bed. In all fairness, my mind was always elsewhere these days. No sense in worrying about it, since I didn't feel any worse for wear.

I did find one noticeable change later that morning. After my shower, when I stood before my mirror to brush my hair, I paused when I noticed my chest seemed to be bouncier than before. With each movement, they jiggled enticingly, like two large bowls of jelly, but in the best way. However, they were definitely bigger than I remembered. I finished brushing my hair and grabbed one of my new D cup bras.

Yesterday, they were more than big enough. But now, as I put it on, I noticed that it was snug, almost uncomfortably tight. They were definitely still growing then, and possibly faster than before. Impossible as it might sound, they almost seemed to have gained a full cup size in the past 24 hours. I won't lie and say that I'm upset about them growing, but if they persisted like this, then it could become difficult. And not to mention expensive.

I heaved a sigh, feeling the straps dig into my skin from the deep breath. Damn, they really had grown. Nonetheless, I continued to get dressed and headed off to work, though not without noting that my shirts were beginning to constrict my chest slightly. Maybe Fae would have some clothes to lend me? As I thought of Fae, I remembered that my car was still stuck at the store's car park. Meaning I needed a lift.

As if on cue, my phone notified me of a text message. Hey there, waiting outside for you xxx. It was from Fae. The three kisses on the end brought a massive sigh of relief. I hadn't realised it until then, that I'd been unconsciously tense. It didn't take me long to realise why; after how easily lost in my fantasies I was becoming lately, a part of me feared that I had imagined it all. Just that thought alone scared me, but this was more than enough to calm me down. Fae was most likely my girlfriend and that was a fact. An absolute, real-life fact.

I headed down to meet her. She was waiting outside in her car, smiling when she saw me walk out of the building. She was wearing her usual work attire; a form fitting shirt with matching jeans, except for one change. Her shirt had a lower neckline than the ones she normally wore.

"Hey there," She said warmly, "How'd you sleep?" She asked as I sat down. I could almost feel her eyes running over me as I did so.

"Pretty good, and you?" I turned to face her as I pulled the seatbelt on. She was still smiling broadly. Her skin almost seemed to glow, in that way that women seemed to when they were happy. Or after a wonderful night spent with a lover. Had we gone that far last night? No, I would've felt it if we had.

"Good is an understatement for me." She said, but didn't elaborate further. I had to wonder if we had gone all the way last night, but pushed it aside. My apartment didn't seem like anyone else had been inside of it, and I had woken alone in my bed.

"Oh? Good dreams?" I asked as we started down the road.

"Like I said 'understatement'." She repeated. When we stopped at a red light, she suddenly turned in her seat and leaned over to kiss me full on the lips, catching me by surprise. When she pulled back, I'm pretty sure I looked like a deer caught in the headlights.

"Wow." I finally uttered and Fae only smiled, returning her attention to the road, "Our first kiss." I whispered to myself. She caught it though.

"Hardly. You must've been pretty out of it last night." She said, winking at me. Somehow, my eyes widened even further.

"Did we sleep together?" I couldn't help but ask. She chuckled, though I caught some level of regret in her tone as she answered.

"No, just kissing. Lots and lots of kissing." She said with a giggle akin to that of a schoolgirl talking to her first crush. That same blush I was so used to seeing returned to her face, but I knew it was born of both affection and embarrassment, rather than solely the latter. I noticed her unconsciously licking her lips at the memory. I silently cursed myself for drinking so much, but also thanked whatever deities were watching over me for making last night a huge success. Now all I had to do was keep this relationship going.

"Gale?" Fae asked as she pulled into the carpark, beside my own car.

"Hmm?" I hummed questioningly, turning to face her.

"If you, uh, if you think you're gonna 'space out' again, let me know. Okay? I don't want something to happen to you." She said, concern thick in her voice and on her face. I knew she was genuinely worried about me; anyone could see that.

"I don't think it's that easy, Fae. They just happen." I told her, wishing I had a better answer. She nodded.

"I know, but if you think it's gonna happen. Tell me. You never know after all." She pushed, looking me dead in the eye.

"Okay. Just do me one favour?" I asked.

"Name it." She said eagerly.

"Don't do anything to excite me, at least not until later." I told her, to which she raised a curious eyebrow.

"Why?" She asked. There was a hint of discontent in her voice. I almost couldn't stop myself from fantasising about what she would do to try and tease me throughout the day. 

"How do I say this?" I asked aloud, thinking for a moment before deciding to be blunt, "You're the source of my fantasies." I explained.

"I'm in your fantasies?" I nodded.

"Yeah, all the time. It's why I end up spacing out." I explained to her, blushing a little out of embarrassment. After all, I was revealing the subject of my fantasies. This relationship was evidently going faster than most would. Well, that wasn't always a bad thing. Fae also blushed at that, looking away even as she nodded.

"Okay. I'll try. No promises though." She said, voice filled with the unexpected pride she felt. I can't blame her, she just found out her crush used to have a crush on her as well. And now the two who had crushes on the other were dating. It was a rare, and joyous, occasion.

"That's all I ask." I replied and leaned over, lips slightly puckered for a kiss. She didn't hesitate, returning the affection by mashing her lips into my own, hungry for more. I didn't stop her. We have a few minutes before work started after all. I didn't need to encourage her mouth open; she was inexperienced, almost seeming to try and devour my face. Eventually, I tamed her and our tongues soon began to play together. When we pulled apart, both of us were panting and red in the face. Not from embarrassment.

"Holy... crap." She gasped, leaning back in her seat, a dazed look on her face. Fae couldn't stop the smile that spread across her face, and neither could I. Deep within the pits of my body, I could feel the beginnings of my lust burning into existence. I imagine it as something akin to a campfire; small, but warm, and capable of reaching far greater heights. Just looking at Fae was like adding a few sticks and twigs to fuel the flames.

"We should get inside." I said, nodding to the dashboard, where her clock told us we were now three minutes late. She nodded, visibly struggling to regain her ability to speak coherently. Her smile had faded, replaced by what looked like an expression of concentration. 

"Yeah." She managed to huff and opened her car door, climbing out. I was out faster, moving around to her, just in case her legs gave out. Fae was adorably inexperienced, at least from what I could tell. Probably raised in a conservative household, I thought with no small amount of excitement. I would sometimes peruse the internet for erotic stories, and the ones featuring corruption of a pure youth always got me hot and wet. Now I had a chance to live it out.

But that would have to wait until later. For now, I had a day of work to get through. With the added difficulty of the now powered urges I felt towards Fae. For her part, she managed to keep her movements fairly minimal, so as keep her curvy body from tempting me too much. Be that as it may, the campfire of my lust was gradually burning greater just from looking at her. Despite her best attempts, seeing her walk away was like throwing a stack of paper on the flames; her ass swayed temptingly with each step. More than once I had licked my lips at the sight.

Fortunately, the day came to an end. Fae and I had finished up with work and headed back to the carpark.

"You okay to drive?" She asked me, a hopeful look in her eyes as she watched me walk to my own car. Part of me wanted to say no, but I knew I needed my car soon, since my weekly visit to my parents was coming up. As such, I nodded and smiled.

"Yeah, I'm alright." I said. My smile faded slightly when her eyes lowered dejectedly, though I knew just how to cheer her up, "Doesn't mean you can't hang out with me tonight." I added, beaming when her expression lifted, resembling a kid waking up on Christmas morning. We headed back to my place, where we did something I hadn't realised I'd longed for in the time since my last relationship; snuggling. We cosied up on my couch and watched whatever came on the TV, my arms around her as she enjoyed my close proximity.

I could tell she was happy like this. But I also knew she wanted to progress further than just holding one another and kissing, as soon as possible at that. I did too. How could I not? I had the girl I'd fantasised about for months at this point in my home, in my arms, and more than willing to give into me body and soul. However, I held myself back. There was no way I wasn't about to savour this.

I'll give it a few weeks, I told myself. I nodded internally, deciding that it was a decent amount of time to work out just how far she was willing to go. It'd also give me a chance to track down my seductive bed wear. I had a fondness for a bit of leather, particularly when it came to underwear, since it hugged my body so tightly. I also quite wearing pantyhose, maybe with leather straps criss-crossed over my front and back. All of this was tied together by a leather collar. Everything was black of course.

The week progressed with Fae and I spent time together. In that time, we learned more about each other. Of course, we made out more than a pair of overly horny teenagers, but that was beginning to tone down. We began to enjoy the mere act of being together, occasionally planting a kiss on the other's lips, cheek, neck etc. There had been a few times that we'd begun to grope one another. Fae was more than aware of how sensitive my chest was.

Speaking of which, the growth I was experiencing had yet to fade. It wasn't nearly as fast as the day after my first date with Fae, but it was noticeable. By the time I was driving down to visit my parents, I had returned the D cup bras and had to buy DD cups. Meaning I was currently at a size that most women, and men, coveted. But I doubted I was done growing. Must be a second puberty... or a late one, I thought.

Mum and Dad were naturally surprised by my expanded bust. But they quickly recovered, my mum telling me with no small amount of pride that she always knew I was a 'late bloomer'. My dad joked that it was all because of my mother's cooking, which I whole heartedly agreed with, even if I had different ideas. My dad, Josh, was a handyman, formerly a construction worker/part-time accountant/music instructor. He was always a busy guy, liked to be doing something at any time of the day. Even sitting down to watch TV, his hands would usually be in constant motion.

My mum was the everyday hero; housewife. She made sure the place was spotless and kept the fridge stuffed full of goodies. It was how I used to think of her when I younger, like she was this superhero who helped the little people, that is to say myself. Even as I grew older, I still considered her to be a hero of sorts. A hero was perfect, and that's just how I thought of her. Even now, bordering on the age of 50, she was still my dear mother. I never forgot how fortunate I was to have her.

After all, if it weren't for her, I'd have lost any semblance of self-esteem in my first years of high school. As I've said, I used to be incredibly skinny. To the point that people thought I was anorexic. That wasn't the case. My metabolism was pretty damn high and I rarely needed much food to keep me satisfied. I had done the opposite of what many women did and intentionally put on weight, something my mum had actually endorsed. She said men didn't want a twig of a woman, they wanted someone with curves. Someone who was soft and cuddly.

And so I did. In a little over a year I went from a skinny, 98lb twig of a girl to a fairly curvy, 120lb woman. From there I made sure to gain a little more as I grew taller. The weight I put on was distributed surprisingly evenly, with an equal amount rounding out my breasts, hips and rear. It also softened the rest of my body nicely and gave me a fairly adorable paunch to my stomach, the kind that doesn't jiggle excessively or sticks out too far. It's more of a pillow than anything. Something Fae had found to be extremely comfortable.

The weekend passed by rather uneventfully. The high being my second date with Fae to a movie theatre, where we saw the BFG. Damn, technology can be amazing, that giant looked freaking awesome. For the most part it was pretty damn good, nice visuals, excellent acting, and some enjoyable comedy. Fae enjoyed it as well, not surprising since she picked it out. I would've liked to see The Conjuring 2, but Fae revealed she was a bit of a scaredy-cat. And it didn't help that it was out of theatres now.

Over those days, my chest continued its expansion. It was pretty worrying actually. While I've wanted larger breasts, mostly because I suspected Fae of being something of a boob lover, the fact that I had gone up two sizes in under a week for pretty disconcerting. And I was still growing. My new bras were already beginning to feel tight. Then there were the other more... concerning changes.

I hadn't really paid attention to them, but my nipples were beginning to make that impossible to do. They were naturally growing in proportion to my breasts, well, not entirely. They seemed a little big in comparison. Maybe an inch long at the least, and an inch around, at least when I was aroused and playing with them. Even normally, they were rather large and refused to fully go back down. If it weren't for the fact that my bras were nicely padded, the nubs would poke out from them nearly all the time. My areolae and nipples were also appearing darker than normal.

I vaguely recall reading that a pregnant woman's breasts will do something similar to this. They engorge with milk, and their nipples swell up and darken as well. But I wasn't pregnant, that much I was sure of. I hadn't slept with a man in years after all. And even then, I doubt my breasts would be changing this early into it. I briefly considered calling Doctor Blare about it, but decided to wait one more week. If they went up another cup size in that time, then I'd call and set up an appointment. In the meantime, I decided I'd enjoy them.

Being with Fae so much more was naturally fuelling my desires. As such, as soon as she would go home, I'd be on my bed. Then my pants would be down, underwear going with it, and my fingers would gleefully explore my body, before reaching out to grab whatever box I'd chosen for the night. Every morning, I'd wake up satisfactorily exhausted and with a wide grin on my face.

The week went by in a similar fashion as the last. Fae and I were steadily growing closer and closer, though she was starting appear somewhat hesitant about exploring each other's bodies as of late, particularly when my hand would travel down to her hips. She would seize up and pull away. I never got a proper explanation out of her about it, but I didn't push the matter. When she was ready to go further, then that'd be fine. Strange though, I thought at first, she had seemed so eager before. Either way, I'd leave it up to her.

My breasts had definitely gone up another cup size. Almost two by the time I had called Doctor Blare. Rick was still out apparently. Thankfully, I was able to organise a quick check-up in just a few days after work. My breasts were beginning to become quite cumbersome. I had discarded my DD bras in favour of F cups now, and even then I was beginning find them to be rather snug. Not only that, but I was having to choose bras with a quite a fair amount of padding. My nipples were getting out of hand.

When I would play with myself, they were massive. Easily an inch and a half long, and two inches around now. I'd never seen nipples so large before. They weren't all bad though, even if they did make me self-conscious at times. Each nipple felt just as good as my clit. Speaking of which, I had noticed a very, emphasis on very, slight swelling to my genitalia. My lower lips were marginally engorged and my clit stuck out another millimetre or so.

Just what the hell was happening to me? It wasn't too bad I suppose, I mean a bigger chest usually means more attention from the desired sex, right? Even if they were starting to get in the way a little, and eating into my savings from all the new bras. Fae had suggested that I buy a couple of G cups when we last went, just in case the growth didn't subside. So now, I had two pairs of larger bras amidst the others. A few days later, I headed to the clinic wearing one of the G cups.

Since it was only a quick check-up I was sent straight through to see the doctor. She was sitting at her desk, typing away at the keyboard, but looked up when I entered. She smiled warmly, though there was a hint of concern in her eyes. My phone call, while not panicked, wasn't entirely calm either.

"Hello, Gale. How have you been, aside from the obvious of course?" She asked politely, gesturing to a leather chair opposite her. I took it.

"Pretty good I guess." I said, fingers tied together while I thought of how best to explain. Thankfully, I didn't need to.

"I'm sorry about the sudden growth you've seen. The injection was something of an experimental one; it's only been tested a few times before." She explained.

"Wait, and the FDA still gave it out?" I asked, frowning. Doctor Blare shook her head.

"Not exactly. It was authorised by some of the higher ups, but majority ruled it out. So, under the radar, some of them gave it out to smaller clinics like this one. They said that the results would speak for themselves."

"How do you know about this?" I asked, to which she grinned a little.

"My uncle's one of those higher ups. He has a bad habit of getting a little drunk and calling me up. He's like an open book. Still sucks his thumb when he sleeps." She told me, bringing a small grin to my lips as well.

"So, what was the drug supposed to do?" I asked, curious. The side effects I was seeing were disconcerting of course, but perhaps it had saved my life or something to that effect.

"It's a potential cure to cancer. Well, specifically breast cancer." She said, causing my jaw to drop.

"Wait, you mean..." I trailed off and she nodded.

"I found something that looked to be the beginnings of the cancer in your last check-up. I didn't tell you about it because I didn't want to worry you. I really am sorry, Gale." She told me, the tone of her voice genuine. I waited a full minute before replying.
