 Author's Note: Read Chapter 1 first. There's also some action in this chapter for those who've been waiting.

*****

"Gale?! Gale, can you hear me?" I was being rocked from side to side, while someone yelled into my ear. I groaned and opened my eyes, looking around. I was in a car, Fae's car. I thought I was in my apartment with her, "Oh, thank god." I heard Fae gasp. Before I could say anything, she had her arms around me, holding me tight to her.

"What... what's wrong?" I asked when she finally let go. I glanced out the window, seeing we were still at the store. As I moved my head, I felt something cold pressed against it.

"You passed out. Like for real. On the ground." Her voice was airy and hoarse. How long was she calling my name to try and wake me up? I pulled her close and held her, cooing and stroking her head. She was on the verge of tears; I could feel her shaking slightly. She was scared... for me.

"It's alright. I'm okay." Even as I said it, I knew something was wrong with me. Even now, with a head injury and the knowledge I had actually passed out, I could feel a small spark of desire within me. I wanted that fantasy, no, dream to be a reality.

I managed to suppress the spark for the meantime though. We held each other, me to comfort her, and Fae to keep me close. We stayed like that for several minutes, in total silence, until Fae broke it.

"I was scared." She whispered, still holding onto me.

"I know, I'm sorry." I told her, but she shook her head.

"Don't be."

-Fae-

"I know, I'm sorry."

"Don't be." I should be saying that to you. I've done this to you. All to bring my own fetish to life, "I'm so sorry." I whispered so lightly that Gale didn't catch it. I repeated it over and over, knowing that she didn't hear me. I would say it for real another time. For now, this would have to do.

-Gale-

"I'm so sorry." Fae kept whispering those three words over and over. I don't know why, but I didn't say anything, letting her get it out. I felt my shirt growing damp from her tears. Eventually, she stopped and pulled away.

"You okay?" I asked. She only nodded, eyes downcast even as she moved back to her position at the wheel.

"I'll be fine. Let's get you home." She said and started driving. As she did so, I kept my eyes on her. Her eyes were red and puffy, and I could see an occasional tremble in her lips. Whatever she was apologising for, it had to be something bad. I wouldn't ask her about it, I'd let her tell me when she was ready. 

We soon came to my apartment. I was having déjà vu as Fae came to a stop. My dream had gotten good right here, when she went to kiss me. I saw her knuckles turning white on the wheel. She was struggling about whether she should kiss me or not. I made the decision for her, by leaning in to kiss her cheek.

"See you tomorrow." I said and opened the door to climb out. Fae reached out and stopped me.

"Gale, if this happens again, no matter what, you get some help. Got it?" She had that same look from before, the one that would catch any hint of a lie. The one that was inescapable.

"I will, I promise." I told her. I even crossed my heart, though my near mountainous breast got in the way slightly. Fae smiled at that and drew her hand away from the wheel, pinkie finger extended.

"Pinkie promise?" I grinned and entwined our little fingers together.

"Pinkie promise." I said. For good measure, I pulled her hand up and kissed the back of it, acting the part of the chivalrous gentleman. She giggled like a little girl at that.

"Okay, get some rest, prince charming." She said, pushing me away gently. I chuckled at that and waved goodbye as I walked inside. As soon as she was out of sight however, I felt my pussy set on fire. I wanted to masturbate. So fucking badly. It took every ounce of willpower for me to keep my hands by sides as I walked through the lobby. The elevator was packed. Not a good sign.

As I slipped in, forced to stand side by side with a group of strangers. I pinched the hem of my shirt tightly, keeping my hands from moving of their own will. There was a woman on either side of me, both of them attractive and clearly returning from something that warranted revealing clothes. One wore a dress with a neckline so low, I could see her bra poking out. The other was in a form fitting shirt. My eye strayed to her breasts, where I could see her nipples poking out. She wasn't wearing a bra. I returned my eyes to front and did my best to keep them there.

Fortunately, the doors soon opened and I ran to my apartment. Once inside, I began ripping my clothes off. My breasts sprung free from the constraining bra, red marks showing where it had begun to dig into me, and my nipples hardened in the air. They were huge now, absolutely huge. At least three inches long and half again as thick. And they were so sensitive.

I brought my hands to my chest. It was a futile effort to hold even one in both hands, but I settled for groping as much as I could, with my fingers finding my nipples and squeezing the long, hard peaks deliciously. They were just as sensitive as my clit, the nerve endings somehow filtering the pain from the pleasure, even as I pinched them hard. Unable to resist, I pulled on them. It was like setting off fireworks in the deepest parts of myself.

I hadn't made it far into my apartment. Barely standing in the doorway, before I slumped back against the door, sliding down it and to the floor. My legs were unable to support my weight. My eyes had closed shut, my mouth open in a wordless expression of my pleasure, and my hips jerking as if to meet an invisible lover. When I recovered, I managed to come to my feet and walked to my room. Somehow, I had the presence of mind to take my pill for the day. But after that... the world was lost to me.

-Fae-

I was furious. At myself and at Blare. She said Gale should be able to function in society, but after what happened today, I wasn't so sure. I could tell she'd been struggling all week. Her hands would move unconsciously to her pussy, trying to stimulate it through her clothes, or they'd grope at her chest. The only thing that was going as Blare had said was the enhanced growth. I could hardly believe my eyes each morning as Gale came in with bigger breasts.

They were already so big. And I knew they'd be only growing larger and larger. The mere thought of it excited me to the point that I could hardly focus on anything else, but it also scared. This was the result of a week, Blare told me later on that she'd given Gale enough pills to last her a minimum of 6 weeks. I needed to lower the amount, but to do that meant I'd have to get into Gale's apartment. And I didn't trust myself to do it while she was there.

I called Blare as soon as I was inside my room. My parents were downstairs watching a movie, so I didn't worry about them overhearing my conversation.

"Hello, Miss Mitchell." Blare said, voice as calm as ever.

"Gale's growing too fast." I told her bluntly. I wasn't interesting in beating around the bush.

"How do you mean?" She asked. I could hear curiosity in her tone.

"She's gone from a G cup to an I cup in a week. Hell, I think she's already gone up another cup size." There were five weeks left, and she'd gained at least two and a half cup sizes in a single week. She'd be something ridiculous like a V cup. And I had no idea if she'd end up growing faster over time.

"My, that is faster than I anticipated. But what would you like me to do about it?" She asked. Make them bigger... the thought crossed my mind completely unbidden.

"I don't know, just... can't you reduce their size a bit?" I asked, well, pleaded. As much as seeing Gale with breasts for a torso enticed me, I didn't want her to be walking around with people ogling her. That was something that could turn people into shut ins.

"I do have something..." She said, trailing off. She was baiting me into something, but I didn't care. Before I could think too deeply about what it might be, I acted.

"Use it."

"You sure? You don't even know what it is." Her voice had turned playful, almost teasing.

"I don't care. If you use it, she won't end up a pair of breasts with a body attached will she?" I asked.

"No." Blare confirmed.

"Then I don't care what it is. When can you give it to me?" I pressed.

"About 5AM. Oh, by the way, I was able to secure that other drug you wanted." She told me. I felt a burn creeping up my face. I can't believe I was going to do this. I was already abnormal, to put it mildly, and I was going to highlight it. But this was for Gale. I wouldn't let her be a freak for the world to see. I'd be right there with her.

"Great," I managed to strangle out, "When can you give it to me?"

"Same time. See you then, sweetie." She said and hung up. I let my phone drop onto my bed and fell face first on the covers. What the fuck was I doing?

-Gale-

I sighed happily as I woke up. My body had that all too familiar ache, the one that came from a night well spent using an assortment of toys and putting my hands to proper use. I opened my eyes and raised my hand up; it was covered in dried juices. The taste in my mouth was just as familiar as the ache across my body, so I knew I had been cleaning my hands. I must've passed out before I could lick at it this time.

This was something that I didn't do all that often. Some days I enjoyed the taste of myself, but other times it was borderline disgusting. As of late though, I'd found myself licking the sticky fluid from my fingers and dildos. On that thought, I looked around and saw the shoe box of choice for that evening; size 11. Damn, I thought, and only a mild ache in the morning. Just how sexually focused was I, that something that ordinarily pushed sex from my thoughts for a day or two after using it, only gave me a pleasurable throb deep in my pussy. At least it had satisfied me for the time being.

I could actually think clearly as I stood up to get ready for work. By the time I was heading out, I had eaten a hearty breakfast, showered, cleaned myself thoroughly and brushed my teeth. As I was swishing the mouthwash around, I caught sight of the pills. I had counted them earlier that morning, 25 remained after I'd taken the one for the day. A worried thought crept into my mind.

My libido had always been rather fierce. The fact that I had a collection of sex toys at my disposal testified that fact, but it had become insane as of late. And my chest, it hadn't stopped growing at all. I had to take short breaths now, my bra digging into me and causing a good deal of discomfort, for fear that the brassiere would snap off. I was probably a J cup now. Was it the pills? Had Doctor Blare given me the wrong set? For a moment I considered flushing them down the toilet, but stopped.

Doctor Blare wouldn't lie to me. She couldn't lie to me. I'm pretty certain that doctors had to take some kind of oath in regards to something like this, and she had said that these were FDA approved. If they didn't work properly soon, then I'd get in contact with her again. For now, I had to get to work. Outside the building, Fae was waiting in her car. I loved just how punctual she was.

I climbed inside and greeted her with a quick kiss. She grinned happily at me.

"You seem to be in a good mood." I said as I closed the door.

"I am. You know how you've been worrying about your breasts growing?" She asked, nodding to my expansive chest.

"Yeah?" I said, raising a curious eyebrow while I pulled the seatbelt between the aforementioned breasts.

"Well, I got into contact with an old friend of mine, and they were able to hook me up with something that should solve that problem for you," She said, reaching into her purse and pulling out a bottle of pills, "Don't worry," She added when she saw my incredulous look, "They're professional." I took the bottle from her and saw that there was an actual label on this one.

"Reducto?" I read, looking up at her. It sounded vaguely Latin. I turned it over, seeing a list of effects and potential side effects. There was nothing severe, nor any reason for me to fear taking them. I also found a portion on the label reading 'FDA Approved' in big, bold letters.

"Yeah, they're still looking for feedback on the name. So if you think of anything better, let me know." She told me. I shrugged.

"It's not too bad." I said. The instructions said to take one in the morning and one at night, before bed, as such I quickly popped one. Fae offered me some water, which I happily took a swig from. When I was done, I leaned over as best I could and pulled her in for a passionate kiss, "Thank you." I said. I meant it as well.

My libido had been a massive distraction as of late. Even so, I had felt worried about how big and fast my breasts were growing. Now, I felt secured. Fae was smiling happily at me, leaning back in for a parting peck on the lips. She seemed more relaxed than I'd seen her in days.

"They told me that they won't be able to reduce your size, just counter the growth. If you're lucky you'll stay at the size you are now, if not, you might grow another cup or two." She told me.

-Fae-

I had met Blare at 4:59AM. She said nothing to me for a minute, despite my insistence that we get this finished ASAP. As soon as my phone told me it was 5AM, she seemed to animate. Just what the hell was with this woman?

"Here you are. Make sure you tell her to keep taking the other pills. These are designed to counter their effects. Basically, they won't reduce her in size, but they'll keep the others from taking full effect. Also, make sure she's warned that she might still go up a size or two." Blare explained, handing me the bottle. It had a label on, surprising considering the fact that most of her stuff was either from the black market, or not released yet.

"You're absolutely sure these'll work?" I asked, not wanting to take chances.

"Yes. I took every care this time. And here's the ones you requested." She said, handing my own bottle. I nearly froze at the sight of them, knowing what they would do to me. This is for Gale, I told myself and took the pills.

"Thanks. But what happens if she stops taking the other pills?

"I can't say for certain. Her breasts might shrink to nothing, or they might grow even faster. Gale Chambers clearly has a unique genetic makeup, otherwise she wouldn't have been growing nearly as fast as she is. Just make certain she keeps taking the other pills.

"Fine. I'll call you in a few days." I said and turned to walk back to my car.

"Don't be a stranger, honey. After all, I know you better than Gale." She said, blowing me a kiss. I couldn't stop the shudder that ran down my spine. I hated to admit, but she was right. Even if it was just one thing. One massive thing, that I'd managed to keep secret from nearly everyone. Only Blare and my personal physician knew about it.

"Oh fuck, what am I gonna do?" I asked myself, as I drove off to my place. Gale deserved to know everything about me. She was my girlfriend. Someone I felt I had a chance to spend a life with. Someone who I could start a family with... And in order that to happen, she needed to know

"Today," I said aloud, hoping it would seal my conviction, "I'll tell her today. No matter what." Even in solitude, I felt fear tying my stomach into knots. Part of me wondered if I'd even have the guts to tell her. When I got back home, I leaned my head against the steering wheel, taking deep breaths. I looked at the two bottles in my purse, a blue one for me, and a red one for Gale. Gulping, I took the blue and opened it, getting a pill out. I didn't leave myself a chance to think and swallowed it.

Gale needs to know, I thought and headed back inside to try and get another hour or so of shut eye. Not the easiest thing in my as of yet. I shook my head, removing the thoughts from my mind. Gale deserves to know everything about me. She needs to know. If not now, then sooner or later. Whether I tell her or not.

-Gale-

"I guess that's okay." The question on my mind was whether I should keep taking the other pills. I didn't know how they'd react to each other. It might actually cause them to shrink for all I knew.

"Gale, um, my friend also told me that you should continue to take any medication you might be on. If it's in your system, then they think removing it will cause the Reducto to malfunction. It could potentially make you grow even more." She explained to me, but I didn't miss the unmistakable lust in her voice. As I had suspected, she liked breasts. Particularly massive ones. For a moment, I considered not taking the Reducto, but decided against it. I had more than big enough breasts to satisfy anyone.

"Okay, thanks." I said, and put the bottle in my own purse. As I did so, I could feel a burn forming. For the first time in days, maybe even weeks by now, it wasn't centred at my crotch. Though it wasn't much better, the heat suffusing in my chest. I ignored it, mostly because I was actually able to, but also because I could actually focus on other things. For instance, Fae.

I knew she wanted me to be even bigger. My breasts were already seriously cumbersome, although I hadn't actually felt their weight strain my back yet, and made it tricky at times to open cupboards. My mind would also go to the episode of the Simpsons, where Marge mistakenly got breast implants and couldn't open a cupboard door. I'd always had a fondness for that episode, for obvious reasons. It also made it tricky to cook for myself, but I'd begun to adjust. Having massive tits wasn't a life breaking thing, just made it tricky.

Maybe bigger wouldn't be all too bad, I thought. Surprisingly, I had been lost in thought for several minutes, and Fae was pulling into the carpark. She undid her seatbelt and was about to open the door, but I stopped her.

"Fae?" She looked at me, raising an eyebrow in curiosity, "I know you like big tits," She blushed lightly at this, "And well... would you prefer it if mine kept growing?" I could tell she was torn by this. Like any good girlfriend, she wanted me to be happy, that much was obvious from the look in her eye. But there were also her own wants mixed in there. I was quite possibly her fantasy come to life; a woman with growing tits that could reach giant proportions. Eventually, she took a deep breath.

"Honestly, I want what you want, Gale. I mean, yes, I fucking love giant tits. But I know that they're already getting in your way. So, it's really up to you. It's your body and I'm more than happy with how you are right now." She told me, conviction in her eyes. At the same time, I could see something else in there. Like she was nervous about something, or wanted to tell me something else, but it wasn't easy to say.

"Well, I mean, they really aren't all bad." I thought aloud, seeing hope spark in her eyes, "But," The spark faded slightly, "They can be really annoying. Although..." I trailed, grinning at her, "Sorry, couldn't help it." She pouted at me.

"Meany." She said in a high pitched voice, causing us both to laugh.

"I'll let you know later today if I want to let them keep growing." I told her as we stepped into the store. She nodded and pulled me down for a quick kiss.

"Take your time, okay?" She said, looking me in the eye.

"I will." I assured her and we got on with the work day.

Or at least, for some of it as far as I was concerned. About two hours in, I was breathing heavily. Fae had been called off to help out in another part of the store, so I was alone in the drum section. My breasts felt like they were on fire, but it wasn't painful, it was just like my pussy. I wanted to touch them, feel them, grope them. My nipples were sticking out, trying to break free of my tight, almost painfully so, bra. They were bigger than before, by almost an entire inch.
