 Author's Note: Read Chapter 1 first.

*****

-Gale-

Fae and I walked side by side through the lobby. I avoided anyone's eyes, though I had no need to, since I knew they were on my overly large chest. When we came to my apartment, I suddenly remembered just how much I'd been masturbating lately. The act always took my attention away from cleaning. It was a miracle most days that I was able to take a shower.

Before I could think to stop, I opened the door and we stepped inside. The scent of my prior sessions almost overwhelming. The potent musk of sweat mixed with my dried juices permeating the air of my home. I looked back at Fae, but she seemed totally unfazed, with the exception of her flared nostrils. I shut the door behind her.

"Could you lock it, please?" She asked, sounding like just as I had earlier. I did as she requested, "Thanks." I sat on the couch and gestured for her to do the same. I had taken a second before to make sure that the cushions were free of my, uh, handiwork. She sat down, back straight and hands on her knees, appearing very much like a kid called to the principal's office.

"What did you want to show me?" I asked, keeping my tone as comforting as possible. Anyone would be able to see that this was hard for Fae, from her tense posture, to her breathing and the way her eyes flitted about fretfully. She took a deep breath, sighing as she exhaled. Did she enjoy the smell in my apartment?

"It's, uh, a big secret. Like, the kind that I've only told a couple of people about." She told me, avoiding eye contact, hers focused on her tightly woven hands.

"Okay." I said, leaning forward, ready to comfort her if she needed it. She took a full minute before continuing, but I wasn't about to rush her.

"It's easier to just show you." She said finally, and stood up, moving away from me and turning around to face me. I could see her eyes were full of fear. Just what kind of a secret was this, that she would feel terrified to share it with me? Without a word, save for a mumbled 'fuck it', she hooked her fingers into her pants and yanked them down, panties included. For a second I didn't know what the problem was, until I let my eyes go to her crotch.

"Say something." Fae said. I had been staring at her for what felt like hours, mouth closed and eyes unblinking. What could I say? I could hardly believe what I was looking at.

"What do you want me to say?" I asked, finally opening my mouth and tearing my eyes from her groin. Fae bit her lip.

"I-I-I don't know. A-anything!" She answered, desperation clear in her voice. I said nothing and gestured for her to come over. Hesitantly, she did so. I took her hands and pulled her down to me, aiming her just right for our lips to meet. For a while, we kissed deeply, uncaring that Fae was half naked. Sadly, we had to pull apart.

"That good enough?" I asked, with a small laugh. She smiled, tears in her eyes, and kissed me again.

"You really don't care about it?" She asked, now sitting beside me. She hadn't put her pants back on at my request. It was hard to keep my eyes away from her groin, but I needed to get used to this. 

"No. But I am curious about a few things." I said, looking at her in case she was uncomfortable with me asking questions. She nodded for me to go ahead.

"Ask anything, I understand."

"You were born that way right?" I asked, nodding to her abnormal crotch. She nodded, "So, do they both work?"

"Yeah, um, a little too well actually." She said, blushing.

"What do you mean?" I inquired, raising a curious eyebrow.

"Well, uh, normally guys produce maybe 10ml, if they're lucky. Mine, um... I think I can do about 6 times that, maybe more." My eyebrows raised at that.

"Damn." I gasped, and, without thought, asked: "Did you ever drink it?" Fae turned bright red, but gave a small nod. I couldn't help smirking.

"It doesn't taste half bad." She confessed, knowing what I was about to ask. We shared a chuckle.

"How big is it?" I couldn't help myself. Who would be able to resist? Especially after finding your friend, or girlfriend for that matter, has two different genitalia. I might have blanked earlier upon seeing it, but after a few minutes - ten or fifteen actually - I had adjusted. And I wasn't simply being nice to Fae, I genuinely didn't care. I was bi-sexual after all, just had a heavy leaning towards women. This was a dream come true really.

"I've never measured it." She told me. The blush on her cheeks hadn't faded a single shade this entire time, though she was smiling. I can only imagine how much of a relief it was to have shared this with me, and for me to accept it so easily.

"Want me to do it?" I offered, but she shook her head.

"You know I said it, uh, it works too well?" She asked, looking at me shyly and continued when I nodded, "When it gets erect, I lose pretty much all control. I just go and go and go and go and so on." She explicated, causing one of my eyebrows to raise. I leaned in close, something she didn't realise until my lips were near her ear, lost in her own mind as she was.

"I'd like to see that." I whispered and she jumped, releasing a quick shriek of shock. I chuckled and pulled her back to me to kiss her cheek, "You're adorable." Her blush deepened in tone at that.

"Do you mean it?" She inquired when I pulled away.

"Of course, you're cute as a kitten." I reaffirmed, moving in to kiss her, but she stopped me.

"No, what you said before that... about you, uh, wanting to see me lose control?" I nodded, leaning in and kissing her on the neck.

"Of course I did," I said airily, warm breath running over her tender throat, sending a shiver of want down her spine.

"I-I-I'm not sure I do though." She managed to say, voice wavering. Her control was clearly slipping, her breath coming heavier and faster. But in her expression, I saw genuine worry.

"I'm more than willing." I assured her, still planting small, soft kisses against her skin.

"I don't have any condoms." She said, or rather, choked out. That gave me pause. If she was worried about that, then her sperm must be fully functional. So, if she came inside of me, chances are I'd end up pregnant. I didn't know my safe times of the month at all, and I'd had my period about a week ago. I pulled away from her. Neither of us were exactly in the best financial situation and my apartment wasn't big enough for a child.

"I'm sorry." I said, leaning back on the couch.

"For what?" She asked. I could hear both relief and disappointment coming out in stark contrast in her tone.

"For teasing you like that. Trust me, if I thought we could support a kid, I'd be on you like that." I snapped my fingers for emphasis. She sighed and moved to rest her head on my lap. Once there, I began to idly play with her deep, red hair, something she enjoyed.

"Don't worry about it. If I'd known this was going to happen, I would've bought some earlier." She said.

"What if I blew you?" I asked suddenly. She laughed and shook her head.

"Like I said, no control. I'd be on you like that," She said, snapping her fingers in a repeat of my own, "I don't think you could stop me." She added.

"What makes you say that?" I asked, pretending I was offended. Though I was pretty confident in my physical strength. She chuckled.

"It's a bit of a long story, you sure you wanna hear it?" She warned. Throughout this time, I had almost missed the fact that my libido had calmed down noticeably. It was just... there, simmering in the background. Rather than trying to take complete control. If she was the reason for that, then I wanted to keep her close as long as possible.

"I'd say I've got time." I told her, shifting my position to get more comfortable. Fae moved her head so that she was looking up at me.

"I'll try and keep it short."

-Fae (2 years ago)-

I stumbled into my room. The day had been gruelling, in more ways than one. Aside from the overly long and boring lectures delivered by un-invested college tutors, I had been bombarded with hot chick, after hot chick. Each time I turned around, I noticed another girl with a perfect hourglass figure, and my control would continue to dwindle. It was truly a relief when I got home, for a moment.

As soon as I stepped through the door, I was greeted by my mother. Who was wearing a short tank top... and hot pants. She wasn't out of place in the outfit either. My mum had a tendency to work out quite often, so her body remained trim and fit despite being middle-aged. She knew about my abnormality, though I'd kept the more recent changes hidden from her. So I couldn't really blame her for unknowingly tempting me.

Even so, I felt my grip on my desires weakening. Without saying a word, I pushed past her and headed upstairs. She tried to get me to stop, but I didn't. Another second with her in my sights, and I'm pretty certain I'd pop a boner. I was 19 at the time, so I'd experienced more than a few. It's why I knew not to let myself get aroused, after a couple of incidents with old girlfriends. I'd been a 'lesbian' - I may be double gendered, but I identified as female so I came under lesbian - since I was a kid. 

But those times were mostly consensual. They just hadn't known what they were getting into. Neither had I. Coincidentally they had moved away not long afterwards, so my secret was safe. I had yet to get an erection in a social setting, so I wasn't sure exactly what I would do. I didn't want to take chances. The last time I'd gone all the way with someone, they told me I was like an animal; insatiable and utterly wild. They also said they were so sore it hurt to pee the morning afterwards.

It was why I had secluded myself in my room on this particular day. I could feel the reigns on my desire slipping from my grasp. Scared didn't begin to describe the feeling. What would happen if I lost control here? With my mum so close and my dad still at work. She was fit, so she would probably be able to fight me off with ease. Maybe I could slip up just this once? Just so I could satisfy myself and be done with it for the time being.

The more I thought like that, the weaker my control became. I vaguely heard my mum walking up the stairs, but the majority of the outside world was lost to me. My heart was pounding in my chest, sending blood throughout my body, but focusing on one key area. I could feel my breaths becoming slower and faster at the same time, while my attention moved to my crotch. My panties were being strained against my growing cock.

I know a grin had spread across my face. It was like I was becoming a different person. My mum was at my door, knocking on it and calling my name, but she was lost to me. My head hung forward, eyes trained on my bulging crotch, the fabric of my pants straining more and more to contain my burgeoning erection. There was no going back at this point. I was slave to the urges of my dick.

On the other side of the door, my mum was warning me to open up. Well, who was I to say no to my own mother? I stood up, cock jutting from my groin perversely, and opened the door.

"About time-" Those were the only words my mum could get out before I'd pounced on her.

-Fae (present)-

"So, um, long story short, I fucked my mum." I concluded, looking away from Gale. How could I look her in the eye after telling her something like that? It's not every day that your girlfriend finds out that you fucked your mum in a lust-induced trance of sorts.

"And she was stronger than you?" She asked, seemingly unfazed. I looked up at her, eyes wide at her reaction. Her face was perfectly calm.

"You don't care that I fucked my own mum?" I asked in disbelief. She paused for a second, before shrugging.

"You said it yourself; you lost control. And from what you tell me your mum is pretty hot so I guess I can understand. Now answer the question." She was unbelievable. What had I done in a past life to deserve someone like her?

"Yeah, she was. Way stronger. I tried to lift one of her weights and I barely managed that. I just get this crazy strength when I'm like that." I explained.

"Okay. Like an animal, eh?" She inquired for confirmation. I frowned at her, but nodded, "Maybe you just need someone to tame you?" She offered, grinning seductively. She leaned forward, more of her endless cleavage on display. I felt my cock give a pulse of want at the sight, but it remained dormant. I laughed at her.

"I don't think it'll work like that." Despite my trying to make it light-hearted, I couldn't stop the tremor in my voice.

"You sure? I've got some collars and whips." She offered. I couldn't help but raise an eyebrow at that.

"You serious?" I asked her incredulously. She smirked and didn't answer. Knowing her, she probably did. I won't deny it, but the thought it was pretty exciting. And who knows, maybe it'll work? I wasn't about to test it out now though. I was happy to lay here with Gale for the night. And that's just what we did. As time passed I noticed her eyes closing and her breath deepening. I was right behind her.

-Gale-

When the morning came, I strangely felt... relaxed. The soreness that I had come to associate with my mornings was absent, refreshing but also a little regretful, like waking up to find an old friend was gone or something. At the same time, I knew what that meant; I hadn't masturbated last night. At all. The reason quickly became apparent when I opened my eyes and found myself in my living room. With Fae on my lap.

I smiled fondly. I could barely remember the last time I'd woken up without the remnants of my night's efforts constantly in the back of my mind, or without a thoroughly used dildo at my side or between my legs. Taking care, I lifted her head up and gently laid back down. I needed to relieve myself after all.

The day went by in a mundane fashion honestly. Fae was still in a mild form of shock over having revealed her secret to me. Unfortunately, she had to report to work that day. She said she would sort out my vacation for me, and that I should sit back and rest. And so, I was left alone for the day, and at least two more to follow. I had repeated my request to Fae that morning, that she leave me be for a couple of days so I try something. With that on mind, I made all the necessary preparations.

I made myself several large meals that could be heated in a minute. Along with them, I had plenty of drinks laid out on the floor of my bedroom. I also had my shoeboxes arranged in order from 1 - 12 on my mattress. My idea was that I was going to masturbate so much, I wouldn't want to for at least a long time afterwards. To that end, I had set a goal in my mind was to use each and every box to their fullest. 

As I sat on my bed, looking over each and every box before me, I thought about what I was actually about to do. I intended for this to be the start of a masturbation marathon, one that would last at least three days. Part of me found this rather daunting, but it needed to be done. If only just so I could rule it out. Though I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel anticipation for what was to come. 

Before I began, I quickly took the pills Doctor Blare and Fae had given me. I remembered missing the Reducto from last night, so I figured I'd pop another one to compensate. I know it's not the smartest thing to do, but I figured the worst thing that could happen was my breasts shrunk. And so, with a hefty drink of water, I began.

Everything blurred together. The moment I allowed my hands to touch my pussy, it was like all cognitive function turned towards one target; pleasure. The rare times of lucidity I experienced, I would drink, eat and take the pills I'd been assigned. My bed had long since been soaked through with my juices. I didn't pay much attention to anything else. Even sleeping took a secondary positon to my continued pleasure.

I recall times that I wanted to stop. My arms were tired, my pussy felt sore and I felt satisfied. But I never let up. On the third, and final, day, I finally felt no desire to touch myself. I forced my mind to fantasise about Fae, cock and all, imagining us finally consummating our love for each other. And yet there was nothing. Not a single spark of desire burned within me. I couldn't help but laugh as I looked up to the ceiling.

"Fucking finally!" I cried in a hoarse voice to no one. I felt free. I wasn't slave to my desires. It fucking worked! If I didn't feel half dead, I would've been jumping up and down, punching the air in victory. This must be how it feels for football fans to have their team win. As it was, I just couldn't stop the laughter. I felt moisture at my eyes. I'd won. That still had yet to really set in I guess.

I'd already taken the recommended pills and eaten a fair amount so I didn't have any need to get up. Thank god, I thought, since my arms could barely go up more than inch from the ground. I managed to prop myself up on my pillows, allowing me to look across my bed. It was as I might have expected; damp, messed up and with an array of dildos spread across it. Of course, I noticed the fact that my breasts had grown, though only by a very slight amount. I was probably going to find J cup bras pretty snug now. 

What hadn't only grown a little was my nipples. When I had last looked at them, or at least from what I could remember, they were about 4 inches, maybe 4 ½ but now they had clearly grown. They had to be 5 or 6 inches now. Even if my tits themselves had stopped growing, it was clear that I was going to have trouble hiding my nipples, even if they also ceased their development. But for the time being, I was just glad I could think rationally.

With a sigh of relief, I rolled onto my side. Exhaustion was beginning to settle in now, partly from my marathon of orgasm inducing activity and partly from the few short hours of sleep I had been able to get in. This was the final test really. If I woke up and I felt like I do now, then it had probably worked. If not, then at least it gave me a few minutes of thoughts unencumbered by my desires. Enough thinking, my mind seemed to say. Time for sleep.

Knock, knock, knock. I jolted awake, eyes looking around frantically for the source of the noise that woke me up. The knocks repeated and I sighed, finally awake enough to know it was someone at the door. I turned onto my back and frowned at the ceiling. My sheets felt... sticky. Not in the same way that I'd expect after my three-day marathon. That said, it was familiar somehow. The knocks repeated again and I pushed the worry from my mind. It could wait a little longer.

To my distaste, it wasn't Fae. Just a neighbour of mine bringing my post, since I hadn't left my room in days, nor had I picked it up since this all began. I thanked them, blushing a little as I hid my body from their view. I hadn't even spared a thought for getting dressed when I woke up, probably getting so used to my nude state that it didn't cross my mind. Fortunately, they left quickly and I returned to my room. A wide, gleeful smirk spread across my face as I realised something; I was still in full control of myself.

I could feel the desire to pleasure myself though. But it was pushed to the furthest corners of my mind, always there, but its presence was limited. Still grinning, I moved to the bathroom with the intent of having a shower. Of course, I haven't bathed at all in the past few days. Oddly enough, I didn't necessarily think I smelled that bad. My sweat and juices were the two scents that permeating the air in my bedroom and most of my apartment, but it wasn't an entirely unpleasant musk. I almost regretted showering.

I couldn't remain like this though. I intended to go out for the day, both as a way to test myself and also to do some much needed shopping. I must've drunk half a dozen gallons of water over the course of my masturbation, and eaten enough food to match. Even so, I didn't feel like I had put on very much weight, with the exception of my breasts which I would assume weighed about 3-4lbs each. More than twice the weight of my former C cups. Strangely enough, I didn't feel the bulk all that much.
