 Author's Note: Read Chapter 1 first. 

*****

-Gale-

I parked outside the house. It was a nice place, not particularly large, but very nice nonetheless. Two stories, a well-kept front yard, and even a yet-to-be-painted picket fence to separate it from the neighbours' gardens. I walked up the stone path and stopped at the door. I took a deep breath, hoping that Fae had at least told her parents about me, and knocked on the door. From inside, I could hear footsteps hurrying down the stairs, Fae no doubt. She wasn't fast enough evidently as the door opened to reveal a middle aged woman.

"Hello?" She said, questioningly. I noticed her eyes linger on her breasts for a second, though she displayed a good deal more control than most. My own eyes wandered across her figure. She clearly looked after herself, her toned body visible through the nightie she wore. Whatever workout she was doing was clearly working wonders on her chest as well, since I could tell she had no bra on, and yet her breasts remained high on her torso, sagging only slightly. They weren't particularly large, maybe C cups.

"Uh, hi. Is Fae in?" I asked, just as Fae came into view. I couldn't make out her face from where I stood, but I could see that her eyes were open wide. I might've made a mistake.

"Hi, Gale." She said, voice quivering somewhat nervously.

"Oh, so you're Gale?" Her mother asked, extending a hand, "I'm Diana, Fae's mother. She's told us so much about you." She said, though her tone made it clear that wasn't the case. Fae looked away from Diana. Somehow, I got the sense that this was how it always was for her. I couldn't blame her though, after what she'd told me. I shook Diana's hand, feeling her strength through her grip, "Won't you come inside?"

"I'd love to, thank you." I said as politely as I could. As I walked inside, I noticed a short piercing glare from Diana, though I wasn't the target. That would be Fae, who kept her head down, mumbling something I couldn't make out. I didn't say anything, not wanting to pry into my girlfriend's home life beyond what I already had. As I was led to the living room, I saw Fae's dad watching TV. Something about how he sat on the couch, made it obvious that was where he spent most of his time.

"Bob, stop watching the TV for a second and introduce yourself. This is Gale." She said, gesturing towards me. Bob's attention turned away from the television to focus on me, his eyes immediately going wide at the sight. It was more than a little obvious that he was taken by my figure, my chest in particular of course. Diana gave an audible, distinctly snappy sigh of distaste.

"Sup?" He said, before managing to turn his attention back to the TV. Even so, I noticed his eyes glancing fervently back and forth. They had a tired look to them, as if he hadn't slept well in weeks. I could understand why Diana wasn't in the best of moods, though I suspected she was like this more often than not. Nonetheless, she faced me with a small smile.

"It's been a while since Fae had a friend over, though I'm curious why you're here at this time?" She asked, keeping her speech very formal, though it felt forced to me.

"Um, I wanted to talk with Fae. In private, if you don't mind?" I asked, feeling nervous around her. It was clear that she and Fae didn't have a good relationship, particularly since Fae hadn't said a word besides the short greeting from earlier. From somewhere upstairs, I heard the faint sounds of someone turning over in their bed. Fae never mentioned having any siblings or anyone else living with her.

"Yes, of course." Diana said, "Would you like anything to drink?" She asked, moving to the kitchen, as she passed I swore I heard her whisper 'though I bet you've got plenty of milk, fucking cow' under her breath. For a moment, I was stunned, but recovered quickly.

"No, uh, I'm fine. Thanks for the offer though." I said, looking at Fae. She still had her head down, though I could see her biting her bottom lip, and her shoulders trembled slightly. Diana looked at me and shrugged.

"Suit yourself." She said and sat down, though not on the couch with her husband. Instead, she chose an armchair on the far right. It was as far from the man she could get, without leaving the room at least. I looked at Fae, who finally raised her head.

"Let's go." She all but whispered and began walking to the stairs. As I followed her, I caught her glance back at her mother, a shudder passing through her. Diana wasn't unattractive by any means, in fact she looked better than when Fae had vaguely described her to me. Thinking back to it, I could recall her voice being rather shaky as she spoke about it. It wasn't just the fact that she'd fucked her own mum, but something else.

I followed her up the stairs. At the top, I looked to an open door. Through it, I could see a cot with a small child sleeping soundly in it. They couldn't be more than a year old. Almost perfectly timed with what Fae told me. No, I thought, eyes going wide. But I pushed the thoughts aside. Whatever had happened, couldn't be changed.

When we got to Fae's room, she shut the door and all but fell on the bed. She let out a deep breath, one that she must've been holding since I knocked at the door. For a second, I stood in the middle of her room, before moving to her bed.

"I'm sorry." I told her. She raised her head to look at me.

"For what?" She asked, though I could hear a tremble in it. Instead of answering, I pulled her up and into my arms. It was an instinctive move. I felt like I had to do something, anything, to comfort her.

"For showing up like this. I didn't think and that put you-" I didn't finish my sentence as Fae kissed me.

"It's not that... I-I'm always like that around my mum." She explained, pulling back to look me in the eye. I could feel her relaxing slowly in my arms.

"You don't have to tell me anything that you don't want to." I told her. She knew I was curious as to how her familial relationship ended up like this, but I refused to poke my nose where she didn't want it. Fae shook her head.

"It's... weird, but short. You wanna hear it?" She asked, glancing up at me nervously. I nodded my head, keeping a straight face while I stroked her soft hair. She'd just had a shower, I could tell, as the scent of her shampoo wafted around us. It was a soft smell, comforting and relaxing.

"My mum... she, she's in love with me." Fae said, after several false starts. Part of me wanted to say that all mothers love their children, but I silenced it. She meant it very differently.

"Why? Didn't you... y'know?" I asked, not wanting to outright say it. She nodded against me.

"I did. I practically raped her. But, well, about a year ago, I got some tests done. My sperm is some kind mutant form or something. There're chemicals in it that mess with some people's minds. If someone comes into contact with too much of it, weird things might happen. Psychologically that is." She explained to me.

"Like a parent falling in love with their child?" She nodded again.

"It only got worse after Stacy was born." She said, almost shaking at the name. I didn't need to know the whole story to guess who Stacy was to Fae. "And then my mum and dad stopped talking much, if they do it turns into a fight. She wants him gone so she's alone with me." I was used to her having a fairly strong tone of voice, like she exudes confidence, but now that was gone. She sounded terrified. I doubt she had let herself be in a room alone with her mum for more than a second at a time.

"Fae," I began, using a finger to tilt her head up to me, "If it gets too hard for you, or something else happens, come to my place, okay?" In a corner of my mind, I remembered her talking to me very much like this when I had passed out before. Fae looked into my eyes, as if searching for any hint that I was lying. There was none. She latched onto me, head raised up and lips parted to meet my own. It was a kiss of love and passion, with no small amount of gratitude thrown in.

We made out like that for what felt like a full minute before pulling apart. She was panting, that all too familiar blush on her cheeks, and her eyes looked over my face wildly. It was like she was taking me in, engraving every curve and crevice of my face into her memory.

"Thank you." She said, pouring as much emotion into those two words as she had into that kiss. Eventually, she calmed down and laid her head against my chest. I had moved us around so that we were laying down, with her on top and head on my breast.

"You can always count on me, especially since I've got a handle on myself now." I told her. She chuckled, leaning up to kiss me again.

"Congrats by the way. What did you do anyway?" She asked, raising an eyebrow when I also blushed.

"A lot of work." I told her, raising a hand and wiggling my fingers. A wide grin broke out on her face as she understood what that meant. Without a word, she pulled my hand towards her and sniffed at it. After what I had done, I had my doubts that I could truly wash away the scent of my pussy. She seemed to find it easily enough and began to lick at them, moaning lowly in her throat as the residual taste of my juices. 

She ran her tongue flat across each of my fingers. Taking them in her mouth one by one, sucking on them as if to clean them of a spilt beverage. I could feel her saliva across my skin, dripping as she pulled off. How would she feel over one of my nipples? When my fingers were done, she began to lap at my palm, seeking to clean every inch of my hand. When she was satisfied, she grabbed a cloth from her bedside table and cleaned it of her spit.

"I wish I could have more." She sighed. In my mind, I echoed her sentiments exactly. But we both knew not to at that point, for fear of Diana walking in or Fae losing control. For a moment, we laid there in silence. Fae seemed perfectly content to nuzzle into my breast, while my hand ran through her hair.

"Oh yeah," She said, raising her head to look at me, "What was it you wanted to ask me?" I had almost forgotten about that myself.

I sat up, moving her away so that she could have a clear view of my torso. My breasts sat on my chest, supported by my bra, and their own defiance towards gravity. I took a breath, causing them to stand out even more.

"How do I look?" She seemed almost dumbfounded by the question, but answered all the same.

"Amazing. Like one of my wet dreams come to life." She said, blushing a little at the comparison she used. I smiled at her, finding it oddly sweet.

"And," I took another breath, arching my back slightly more to make my bust that much more pronounced, "How do you think I'd look if they were even bigger? Like say, an L cup?" I asked. It was impossible to miss the hunger in her eyes.

-Fae-

I was going to answer honestly. I reminded myself of that, as I mulled over her question. A J cup would be amazing, but what about a M cup? No, N, no, O, P, Q... Keep it together, Fae. I told myself internally. My mind turned to a famous Japanese porn star, Hitomi Tanaka, who measured as 32K. She was big, but my tastes when further than that. I looked Gale in the eyes. Be honest, I repeated mentally.

"If I had my way, you'd be at the end of the alphabet." I blurted out in a rush, my face burning hotter than I'd ever felt before. If it weren't for the fact that my house had very few safe havens, I would have run from the room. Gale's eyes widened in surprise. She knew I was something of a breast enthusiast, but to what extent she hadn't known.

"How would that even look on something?" She asked, genuinely curious, if a little amused. I didn't answer, merely found my laptop and spent less than a minute searching for the correct images. I glanced at her, seeing her expression turn to one of amazed shock. On my screen were a series of women, all of which were had been altered in Photoshop, and each with breasts well over twice the size of hers, "Holy crap." She said under her breath, leaning forward to see. When I looked at her properly, I caught her licking her lips in want.

These women weren't the largest I had stored on my laptop. However, they were the only ones where their chests could even be construed as wieldy, despite many of them obscuring torsos and hips. None of these could hope to exist in reality, but I could hope. Gale was still looking at them as I scrolled through, her eyes drinking in every detail. I had hundreds, if not thousands, of these images so she had plenty to view. After several minutes, we came to the second-to-last image. I stopped there.

"That's what I'd do if I could." I told her, turning my head to fully take in her expression. She hadn't said a word past 'holy crap'.

"That's... wow." She said finally, unable to think of a better way to describe. She looked down to herself, and I could the wheels turning in her head, working to conjure the image of herself with breasts so big, they'd rest on her thighs while standing, and eat up the entirety of her lap when sitting. I could hardly stop myself from licking my lips at the thought.

"Yeah." I confirmed, leaning back slightly. I soon regretted relaxing, as she noticed that there was one picture left. Gale was fast, putting her drum expertise to good use as her hand darted forward, pushing the next button. On my screen was a heavily altered image of her. She was smiling at the camera, that same smile I loved so much, eyes sparkling with life. Below that gorgeous expression, was her breasts.

I was a near pro with Photoshop. I had pursued the hobby in an effort to better fuel my fetish, since there were only so many giant breasted images out there. And Gale had become the subject of my learning efforts not long after we met. Now, I was good enough that I could potentially land a lucrative job as a graphics designer, but I chose to keep my talent hidden for the meantime. And the quality of the image before us showed this.

The Gale on screen sported a bust just as large as the prior women. I had put hours upon hours into it, possibly days-worth if I had bothered to keep count. She was clothed in the picture. It had taken me quite some time to get those down just right, to make it look like they had been naturally bought, or specifically tailored for clothing her. Her breasts hung out from under it, something I found personally erotic, with the underside of her boobs obscuring the top of her crotch. The colouration and texture of her breasts looked almost creepily realistic.

For good measure, I had widened her hips somewhat. Nonetheless, they were still greatly overshadowed by her breasts. If it weren't for how absurd the size was, I doubt anyone would look at the image and think it was anything but real. Gale was fixated on it, before she turned to me.

"You're seriously good." She complimented me, assuming the picture to be my work. I blushed and looked away.

"Thanks." It was all I could think to say. Eventually, Gale managed to pull her eyes from the screen.

"Fae?" She asked, making me look at her, "I can't go this big," She told me. I nodded, knowing full well just how impossibly ridiculous these sizes were, "Not right now, at least." She added, causing me to look at her in shock. My mouth dropped open and my eyes threatened to pop out of my sockets.

"You-You... you can't be serious?" I stammered in complete and utter disbelief. She shook her head, raising a hand to her chest.

"I am, honest. It's fast, I know, but just looking at those..." She licked her lips, "I want it. But, it's not feasible. I wouldn't be able to live, not normally at least. Or even move for that matter." She told me. I nodded, understanding full well, "But, I think if we play our cards right, we could make it work. You'd be the bread-winner though." She told me, smiling. I couldn't stop myself as I put the laptop aside to effectively tackle her, pressing my lips to hers.

"I'm more than fine with that. I fucking love you, Gale. I mean it. I'm going to work harder, get a better job and I'll make it so we can live together with your giant tits." I practically bawled, the words tumbling out of my mouth uncontrollably. She laughed at my enthusiasm, kissing me deeply.

"I love you too." She said. I heard so many emotions in those words; worry about the future, anxiety towards her decision, but above it all there was love. We'd known each other for quite some time now, but only been dating for a few weeks. But that seemed more than enough. I loved this woman, and she loved me. Physical attraction may be a large part of our relationship, but it only enhanced our overall love for each other.

I had meant every word I had said. I would put away money for years if I had to, all so we could be together and have whatever we needed to support each other. Not only that, but so I could support our family when the inevitable happened. And last, but not least, the wedding. My heart pounded in my chest like a jackhammer. It was too soon, I thought, but threw the idea aside and locked it up. There was no way I was about to lose this courage I had suddenly found.

"Gale," I began, swallowing audibly. She looked me in the eyes, unblinking. "Will you... will you marry me?" I asked, before any part of my mind could even try to stop me.

-Gale-

"Will you... will you marry me?" I could hear those words replaying in my mind. I had heard them just thirty minutes ago, back in Fae's room. I was in my car now, driving back to my apartment. I hadn't had a chance to respond since Diana had walked inside. Fae had shut down immediately, moving away from me like I had a thousand watts shooting through my body. Diana had said that Fae apparently had a curfew for how long people could stay around.

As much as it pained me, I didn't want to outstay my welcome. I had looked at Fae, seeing a desire to fight back in her eyes, but she was scared. Even after what she'd told me, I knew there was something else to this. I had managed to get Diana out of the room so I could say goodbye.

"I'll see you soon." I told Fae, raising her head to look me in the eye. Without another word, I had kissed her. When I pulled back, she was almost crying.

"Gale-" She was cut off by a curt knock at the door, Diana's voice coming through to remind me that it was time to go. Fae looked scared, mouthing the words 'don't go'. Just what was her mother going to do to her? Very quickly, I leaned down to her ear.

"I'll be outside, driving around, call or text me if anything happens." I didn't care that most of the story remained unknown to me, I only wanted her to know that I was close. That she could rely on me. Fae nodded, watching me with wide eyes as I left.

That's what I was doing now. Driving half way back to my apartment, before returning to the neighbourhood, keeping a watchful eye on Fae's house. Her room had a window facing out into the street, and I could see her every now and then, looking out. She caught sight of me from time to time, waving to me as I drove by. I would send her a text, asking if everything was okay. She'd always reply with a 'yes' and a 'wish you were here'. Neither of us mentioned her proposal.

After a while, I could feel sleep tugging at my eyes. I gave one more go around, but saw nothing out of place. I sent her a text, waiting outside of her house until she replied. Everything seemed just fine, so I headed back home with the understanding that she was to tell me as soon as anything happened. She promised me.

Worried as I was, I needed to get some sleep. So, after driving around for hours, I got home. It still reeked, in the best way, from my three days of masturbation. As I laid down in bed, under some newly cleaned covers, I couldn't get Fae out of my mind. It wasn't just the marriage proposal, though I felt my beat skip a beat each time I replayed those words in my head, but also how scared she had seemed of her mother. Just what was Diana capable of?
