 Author's Note: Read Chapter 1 first. This chapter does contain some violence.

*****

-Gale-

I jumped awake at the sound of my phone vibrating on the hard wood of my bedside table. I didn't hesitate a second, grabbing it and checking it. My vision was blurred, but I made out the text nonetheless: SAVE ME! I could all but hear the desperation in those two written words. I was on my feet in an instant, dressed in another, and running down the stairs of the building in the next. I didn't care how much noise I made.

When I was in the car, I couldn't get going fast enough. Panic was beginning to set in, my heart beating a mile a minute, but my mind stayed clear. I wasn't about to risk losing time in an accident. As I drove, I began to notice that my chest was warm. But I pushed it aside; I couldn't let my attention divide itself. I parked haphazardly outside Fae's house and ran inside. At least, I would've.

The door was naturally locked. That wasn't about to stop me though. I crouched down, lifting up the welcome mat, finding a spare key there. Thank god for obvious hiding spots. I was inside a second later. There were no lights on, and I wasn't about to turn them on. That'd risk my arrival being known to Diana.

I walked carefully through the dark, feeling around for anything in my way. Eventually, I found the stairs and began to climb up them, keeping a tight grip on the banister so I wouldn't trip and fall. There were no lights on upstairs either. My phone vibrated in my pocket. One word; basement. I headed back down the stairs, searching for the door to the cellar. Thankfully, it was beside the kitchen. I opened the door, seeing a light downstairs.

"Ah, ah. We won't need this," I heard a smash, "Don't want you texting that whore. Asking her to marry you, don't you get that I'm all you need? Me and Stacy. But, nope. You wanted to try and break my heart. So you need a real reminder of just how much you love me and how much I love you." I could hear Diana from up the stairs. She sounded crazed. Her voice would shift from high and airy, to cold and menacing. As I moved down the stone steps, I could hear the sound of muffled whimpers.

When I got halfway down, I was able to see into the room. A table sat dead-centre, with chains at metal four posts, all of which were used to restrain Fae. She was looking around frantically, terrified. Her phone was on the ground, smashed. Diana was at what looked like a sink, with a bench next to it, on which rested a series of syringes. Fae would glance at them fearfully and struggle whenever she saw Diana place a newly filled one down. Whatever was in them couldn't be good.

As I climbed down stealthily, I noticed a faint rustling sound. I paused and checked my pockets, finding one of the bottles of pills inside. Why the hell did I put them there? Did I put them in there earlier today and never removed them? Or was I just that out of it when I went to bed. It didn't matter.

Taking extra care now, I got down the last of the steps. Diana was evidently so absorbed in whatever she was doing that she failed to notice my presence, even with the bottles rattling in my pockets. Fae, on the other hand, saw me almost instantly, her eyes going wide and an attempt at a smile appearing on her face. A ball gag was firmly planted in her mouth. Not to mention she was naked as the day she was born. If not for the circumstances, I'd be more than a little moist at the sight. I raised a finger to lips for her to be quiet and moved over to her. 

She gave a small nod to show she understood. I glanced at Diana, who was beginning to hum away as she worked. Another syringe was placed down. I had no idea what was in them, but it couldn't be good, judging from the way Fae would fearfully glance at them. As I stalked forward, taking enough care to put someone with panophobia to shame, I looked around, searching for any weapon I could use to knock Diana unconscious. It suddenly occurred to me that I could be put in jail for this.

Even as I continued to move, my mind quelled my worries. It was odd how the brain functions in some situations. I would have expected myself to be in a near panic when confronted with something like this, but instead I was almost totally calm and in control. I wouldn't go to jail; Diana would never know it was me. Even if she suspected me, Fae and I could simply steal the syringes and use them to have her incarcerated instead. As long as we were smart about all of this.

As I came within a few feet of Diana, I spotted a lead pipe perched against a cupboard. Silently, I took hold of it, eye always on Fae's mother. She was apparently almost finished, as I could see her beginning to pack away some items that were out of my view. Now or never, I thought and stood up fully. I raised the pipe overhead.

You know, if this were a movie, she would turn around. No doubt to jab with me one of those syringes, and inject me with whatever they were filled with. I recall seeing them full of a semi-clear fluid, tinted blue so that it resembled water to an extent, but it was visibly thicker, even when it was kept in a container. I'd probably fall to the ground gripping the area that was stabbed, before feeling my whole body either burning up or going numb. Then I'd join Fae on the table as we waited for Diana to mockingly reveal her master plan.

Okay that was going a bit too far. But my first point stands. Despite what might happen in a movie, this was reality. Granted, that was hard to believe at times with all that'd happened to me in the past few weeks. I slammed the pipe down hard, the fairly considerable strength in my arms working with the inertia to bring the pipe down even harder. At that moment I hadn't given any thought to just how much damage this could cause, potentially fatal damage at that. Fortunately, my swing was off by a touch. I missed her head and instead brought it down on her shoulder.

The scream and sound of broken bones were audible to me and Fae. For a moment I feared Bob waking up and inspecting on us, but I suspect that Diana had drugged him since nothing happened. Fae wouldn't have gone down here without a fight, even if she was half-asleep. Diana fell to the ground, her good arm reaching up to grasp her severely damaged shoulder, while she turned to look at her assailant. I'm fairly certain she hadn't been expecting me to be here so quick or at all.

Admittedly, I had broken the speed limit quite a bit on the drive over. That was another reason I was so glad to live in such a small town; most people were inside and sleeping after 10 o'clock. I was lucky though to have missed any cop who might have been out and about. Ordinarily, it might have taken me 10 or 15 minutes to get from my apartment to Fae's house, but I had arrived barely 6 minutes after I got that first text. I looked at the table with the syringes on it and saw one with a note beside it; Gale.

She'd planned to drug me. I looked back to her, seeing she was glaring up at me, attempting to stand up while ignoring her injured shoulder. For a moment, I considered putting her in a chokehold - courtesy of some self-defence training while at school - and put her out of commission for a while. But I didn't, I wanted to hear what she had to say. Even so, I kept the pipe at hip level, ready to swing and bring her down if need be. She managed to stand with a grunt.

"Just how far are you going to go to keep me and her apart?" She spat the words, staring at me with an accusing glare. Her tone had more venom than a Black Mamba. A scowl darkened my features.

"You did that yourself." I told her, my voice betraying none of the emotion I felt. She gave me a pained grin and shook her head, wincing as she accidently moved a muscle in her bad shoulder.

"No, if you hadn't shown up, Fae and I would've been together already. Doesn't matter if we're related. I was raised on the idea that love is more important than everything else." She explained, looking to Fae. I followed her gaze, though not for any longer than a split second. Fae was watching us, shaking slightly when she caught her mother's eyes. I shook my head at the rapidly deflating woman before me. She had appeared somewhat dignified when we met, but now she looked ready to break down.

"I agree with you on the last part, love is more important than everything. And if you can't tell already, I love your daughter." I explained, putting all of the feelings I had into those words, hoping to convey them. I heard Fae try to say something, but the gag prevented any coherent words from escaping. From the sounds of it though, I was certain she was agreeing with me. Diana wasn't having any of it.

"You just want her for her cock. That's why all of the other girls wanted her, they just wanted to see if it was true. But they didn't care about her, just got what they wanted and left." She was beginning to sound desperate, babbling as her eyes grew wide. I could tell she was trying figure a way out of this as her gaze darted about. I caught her looking at the syringes, no doubt intending to jump for the one made for me, but I stepped in her way. I waved the pipe slightly, bringing her attention to it.

"If that was true, then I'd have fucked her already." I said, glaring at her. Part of me wanted nothing more than to knock her out, but I preferred the peaceful route over violence, despite what I did earlier, "And Fae explained to me what her cum does. You don't love her, not anymore, you're just obsessed. There's a difference." I explained, staring her in the eye.

"You don't know what love is. I've lived longer than you, I know what love is." She countered, voice so full of venom she could have been a King Cobra.

"Then what is it?" I asked. Her mouth opened to reply, but shut quickly. For a while she continued like that, unable to conjure a response. I stood up straighter, looking down at her. She was hunched over in pain, reducing her to below my height, despite being at least 3'' taller than me when standing, "Like I thought." I said and turned around, intending to gather up the syringes and use them as evidence. Diana would go to prison for this. I might join her for assault, but it'd be worth it.

-Fae-

I wanted to get up and hug Gale. I wanted to confirm everything she was saying, to hold her, kiss her, tell her I love her too. But I was trapped. Bound to the cold, metal table by four pairs of cuffs, pulling all of my limbs taut, with a ball gag tightly wrapped around my mouth. I could only turn my head and watch.

Gale was beautiful. That thought permeated my mind as I stared at her. She stood confidently over my mother, pipe in her hand and a fierce look in her eyes. This was one of the few times that I found her face more attractive than her bountiful chest. 'Will you marry me?' those words returned to me, and I knew I wanted to repeat them again. When we got out of here, I'd save up for a ring and propose properly. She deserved that much.

Gale turned her back to my mum, going to the syringes. For a moment, I was confused as to what she was doing, but I quickly figured it out; she needed a way to get my mum in jail, and illegal drugs would do that just fine. I almost wanted to gloat at the woman who had bound me, but I obviously couldn't do much more than give her a smug look. Said look quickly died.

I noticed my mum looking at Gale's pockets. They bulged out in the shape of a bottle, an audible rattling coming from them as she moved her legs, an obvious target. My mum reached to one with her good arm. My eyes widened. My mum, even hurt, was one of the strongest people I knew. Even my dad feared her at times, particularly when they got into a fierce argument. I wanted to warn Gale, but the cuffs were tight enough that I could barely make a sound with them. Likewise, the gag prevented me from making little more than a few sounds.

I was terrified. Blare hadn't told me what could happen if Gale took too many of the pills, either one. But it couldn't be good. I had taken too much of a normal, everyday painkiller a few years back and was so sick I could hardly move for at least a day. And that was with official drugs, fairly weak ones at that. These were black market - I assume - refined, but not approved for sale anywhere. Just as I managed to manoeuvre my mouth just right to push the gag out, my mum grabbed a bottle.

Gale turned around immediately. She was greeted with an opened bottle to her face, the neck of it pressed against her open mouth, causing several of the pills to go inside. Due to the force, Gale was forced to swallow nearly all of them to avoid choking. I could see it in her eyes as well, that she was shocked and horrified by what could happen. Thankfully, she had enough presence of mind to bring up the pipe and swing it. I heard my mum cry out in pain as the pipe smashed into her side.

-Gale-

Diana dropped the bottle, falling to her knees. I spat out the remaining pills, panting as my mind went through every possible consequence of what had happened. In my panic, I didn't even consider rushing to the hospital to get my stomach pumped. I stood over Fae's mother, seeing her whimper in pain as she glared up at me. I returned the expression.

She opened her mouth to say something. I wasn't interested in her words any more. Before the first word could leave her mouth, I brought the pipe up and swiped it across her head. The blow was fairly weak, only just strong enough to do what I needed. Which, in that situation, was for her to fall unconscious. She did, falling to her side and slamming her head against the table, jolting the syringes. I watched her, but she wasn't getting up. She wasn't bleeding either.

I looked to Fae. She had gotten the ball gag out of her mouth, lips parted from words that she had wanted to say. We shared a worried look, knowing that what I had just swallowed could be potentially life threatening. Even so, I smiled at her.

"I told you I'd come no matter what, didn't I?" I said, getting her to grin slightly. She nodded, eyes glassy with unshed tears. She said nothing, even as I located the key to the cuffs and walked over to her, freeing her hands and legs. The moment I was standing at her side, she bolted upright and pulled me in for a tight hug. The tears she'd been holding finally spilled over to the surface. Words were meaningless in this moment.

For the longest time, we just held each other. I was shaken up inside, both from the adrenaline of knocking someone unconscious and the fear of what might happen to me. But that was secondary at this time. Fae was my top priority.

"You okay?" I asked when we finally pulled apart, she nodded.

"Can we go?" She asked, looking up at me, fear still in her eyes. I could understand why; Diana, though unconscious, was still in the same room.

"Course we can, just let grab a couple of things and we'll get out of here." I told her, channelling my own mother into my voice, soothing Fae as best I could. She nodded again, getting up and, reluctantly, heading to the stairs. As I turned to watch her go, I heard a sudden rustling from behind me. I turned again and saw Diana rushing past me. She had a syringe in her hand. Caught off-guard, I didn't react fast enough and she got to Fae. I heard my girlfriend cry out in shock.

Finally, my body moved and I grabbed Diana. She was still weak from being unconscious and the damage she'd taken, so I was able to pull her off and throw her down. I quickly delivered a kick to her head, knocking back into darkness. Fae had fallen to the ground, panting loudly. I rushed to her side, putting my hands around her.

"Fae? You alright? What did she do?" I asked, terrified of what Diana might've done.

"N-n-no... Gale, you n-n-need to g-go." She stuttered, while speaking through her teeth. It was clear that she was struggling against something.

"What the hell are you talking about? I'm not gonna leave you." I said, grunting as I struggled to get her to her feet, but she was almost a dead weight.

"Please." She begged, but I wasn't listening. I managed to get her to stand, leading her up the stairs. She continued to grumble, asking me to go. I continued to urge her up, almost pulling her up to her room. As I did so, I began to feel her heating up, like she had a fever. She needed to get in bed, take a pill or something. It wasn't long before I had her in her room.

"Stay here, I'm gonna get you something to cool down that fever." As I was about to leave, she pointed to a bottle. It didn't have any marks on it, but I assumed she had bought it at some point to counter the effects of whatever her mum had injected her with. I didn't think to question it, and opened it up, getting a couple of pills out - most store bought pills recommend two - and rushed off to get a bottle of water. I came back soon and handed them to her.

She said nothing, not even asking me to leave as she gulped down the pills. When she was finished, she gave me a wide smirk. I took a step back. Fae had a look in her eyes, one that I didn't recognise, even if it was vaguely familiar.

"Fae?" I asked, uncertainly. She tilted her head up to me, still wearing that grin.

"Yeah?" She was hunched over slightly, in such a way that it appeared she were relaxing or trying to breathe in some way.

"You okay?"

"Why wouldn't I be?" She asked in reply, smiling sweetly, but there was something beneath that sweet exterior. I couldn't tell what though.

"W-well, if you're sure." I said, though I didn't move. She was unnerving in a way. What was it about her? She looked just as she always did. I could understand why she was smiling like this, trying to cope with what had happened. But there was just... something beneath her expression.

"Hey, Gale? Would you mind coming over here, please?" She asked, tilting her head at me. I glanced around nervously, as if searching for an excuse to leave. I looked back at her. The underlying emotion on her face was gone, she looked lost to me, like she needed someone to hold her and make sure that everything was going to be okay. I chided myself for even thinking she had some form of underlying motive.

I moved over to her and sat down. I pulled her to me and wrapped her in my arms. She hummed happily at the contact, nuzzling into me and sighing. I was about to ask what was wrong, when she suddenly pushed me down onto her bed, using a strength I didn't know she had. Before I could say a word, she was on me, lips on mine and attempting to gain entry. I saw no reason to resist and let my eyes close shut as I parted my lips for her.

As Fae continued to make out with me, I felt something against my leg. My eyes opened wide as I realised what it was and I pushed her away, managing to roll on top of her. She was looking at me, her eyes full of unbridled lust and a cocky, playful grin on her face.

"Something wrong?" She asked. For a moment, I thought she had been exaggerating about her change in personality when she lost control, and I backed away from her slightly. She took the chance instantly, rolling back on top me, her hands pinning my arms to the bed. I could feel her strength through them, despite her grip being relatively gentle. She wasn't kidding about a burst of power when she lost control.

She ignored any discomfort I may have felt. Fae leaned down, her lips on my neck, trailing kisses across my soft skin. As she moved, I felt her breath running over the areas she kissed, her whispers reaching my ears.

"I've been waiting for this. I can't tell you how long. I'm gonna fuck you, and fuck you, and fuck you." She told me, passion thick in her voice. This wasn't the Fae I wanted. With a small growl, I summoned all my strength, rolling her over and pinning her down myself. I kept a strong grip on her arms, placing all my weight down on her. I leaned down to her ear.
