 Author's Note: Read Chapter 1 first. This chapter introduces the Dick Nipples, so be warned.

*****

-Gale-

Fae had told me everything. Honestly, I should be mad at her for all the reasons she listed, but I couldn't find the emotion. I was just glad that she was being honest with me and that I finally knew why all of this had been happening to me. I did mean what I said when I told her she would make it up to me, and I intended for her to do just that within the next ten minutes. I pressed harder into her and deepened the kiss.

She made no move to get away. I had felt her body tighten in surprise, but she was more than eager to continued. Our hands found one another, entwining together as our tongues met and attempted to subjugate the other. I pulled one hand from hers, reaching between our bodies and finding her crotch. She yelped slightly into the kiss, but didn't resist me. We both wanted... no, needed this.

We pulled back and looked each other in the eye.

"Bedroom, now." I said and she only nodded, letting me lead her by the hand. I glanced back at her, seeing her pants beginning to stretch around her erection. I hadn't gotten a good grasp of its size before, but I was going to change that very soon. Even now, I could see it had to be one of the biggest penises I'd ever seen, despite not even being half-hard. Throughout the car ride and what Fae had told me, I had been sitting on a building lust.

It was like saucepan full of water with a flame beneath it. For a while, it had been sitting calmly; still and serene. But now, after remaining calm for so long, it was ready to boil over. I wasn't sure if it was the same lust I had been feeling all week, or if it was a product of nearly going all the way with Fae earlier. It didn't matter though, I wanted her more than I had in the two years since I met her. And she reciprocated my desire.

In my bedroom, it was nigh impossible to keep our hands off each other. Our shirts all but flew off, freeing my abundant breasts for Fae to grope. Her hands quickly found my inhumanly large nipples, wrapping around them like a pair of cocks. They were nothing compared to her cock however. My hands slipped down the waistband of her pants, searching for, and finding, her hardening prick. Jesus H. Fuck, it was big. My hand could barely wrap around it.

And it was still mostly soft. I could feel my pussy moisten at the feel of it, while Fae's dick gave a lurch in my hand. Our lips never parted, even as we fell atop my bed. We only pulled apart so I could pull down her pants. I hadn't tasted cock in years, and never a girl's before, so I was more than eager to get a taste of it. I sat her down on my bed as I kneeled down in front of her.

"You sure about this?" She panted, eyes glazed over with lust. I was eye level with her cock, despite it still being somewhat limp. Beneath it hung her sac, which looked be stuff with two tennis balls, the flesh taut around them. How did she hide this monster? Her cock was already at least 9 inches long, and almost just as thick around. It had to be 2 ½ inches wide. I licked my lips at the sight, swallowing nervously.

"Yeah, I want you." I affirmed, gripping it in my hand and lifting it. As I leaned in, I couldn't help but breath in deeply through my nose, her heady musk seeming to find its way directly into my brain. My mouth felt wet, though my throat was parched. I squeezed it as I stroked the still growing length, managing to get a drop of her pre-cum to bead at the tip. My eyes immediately locked on it, my tongue lolling out as I leaned in to lick it up. The fluid was thick, its taste a strong mix of sweet and salty. I instantly wanted more.

I opened my mouth wide as possible. I looked up, seeing Fae watching me as intently as a hawk eyeing its prey. No sense in making her wait for the main event. With a lingering sense of worry, I pushed forward and engulfed the head of her cock. My eyes never left hers, until her head flew back with a loud gasp aimed at the ceiling.

"It's been way too long." She moaned. Her cock pulsed in my mouth, gaining an inch in length and half as much around. My mouth was stretched almost to its limit. I had always had a pretty large mouth, not in the talkative way, but physically. So I was able to at least take her girth fairly comfortably. But she wasn't even hard yet, despite the fact that I could feel her blood pumping into her shaft, she was still pretty soft. I was going to change that.

With a deep breath, I pushed myself further forward. I could feel her prick sliding across my tongue, her girth forcing it down flat, its taste washing over my taste buds. Her cock's strangely feminine appearance was gradually becoming marred by her veins, now standing out from the skin of her shaft. I could feel them with my tongue, the muscle running over them in an effort coax even more blood into Fae's prick. I wanted her hard as rock for me.

Fae was breathing heavily above me. I could tell from the look in her eyes that she was worried about giving into her desires, but there was an overwhelming want in her gaze as well. Even as I sucked on her ever hardening length, I made the decision for her. I reached up with a hand, moving it to her balls and cupping the heavy orbs. I could practically feel her seed churning inside of them, but my goal lay beyond them. I looked up at her as I found her pussy.

The look on her face as my fingers slipped into her folds was priceless. Despite having my mouth thoroughly stretched around her, I managed a semi-decent smile. I continued to lightly tease her lower lips as I continued to push deeper on her now hard cock, though it wasn't done growing, I felt it pressing at the entrance to my throat. As I had said before, it'd been quite some time since I'd even seen a cock in reality, as such my gag reflex was in full effect. As I pushed down further, I felt her head trigger it. I gagged loudly and pulled back.

As I did so, I moved my spare hand to her prick. I stroked it, working my copious spittle into her skin and making her shaft slick. My other hand didn't cease its movements either, my fingertips dipping into her underappreciated hole. Fae moaned low at the sensation, finally relinquishing her control and letting her lust have its way with her. As I masturbated her cock, leaning my head down to her balls and lathering them in my spit, I watched as it grew to its full glory. Oh my fucking god...

I paused in my ministrations. Pulling away from her, I gazed up at her cock like someone who had been wandering the desert for days on end who look at water. I almost didn't believe it, but I was holding it in my hands. My saliva dripped from it, the skin glistening from the sticky fluid. My hand continued to pump it, feeling her soft foreskin over that rock hard flesh. Her taste was thick in my mouth, screaming at me to get another dose of it.

"You like?" Fae asked with an amused chuckle. I couldn't say anything and let my actions speak for me. I breathed in deeply and dove back onto her cock... her 13'' long, 10'' thick and 3'' wide cock. No woman on earth had a dick like this, or man for that matter. And it was mine. Well, Fae's, but for the rest of this night it was mine. With no regard for my own comfort, I began to bob back and forth on her prick, pushing myself until I gagged and pulling back. Each time I let her slip out, I would move to her balls. It wasn't long before they too glistened with my abundant spit.

I began to slowly push two fingers inside of her pussy. Her walls were tight, attempting to crush my fingers, and I soon came into contact with her hymen. She was a virgin. Unsurprising, since I knew she was solely interested in the female sex, although I'm surprised she hadn't torn it with a tampon or when she played with herself. Then again, from what she told me, she had spent much of her life preventing herself from achieving erection. This would change when I introduced her to my collection. If I recall correctly, I had a sizable strap-on in one of my boxes.

Fae was moaning louder now. Her breaths coming faster. I could feel her cock throbbing on my tongue, as I shoved it deeper into my throat, my gag reflex being shoved to the corners of my mind as I forced myself down. I could feel my gullet stretching around her. In retrospect, I'm sure the shape of her burgeoning prick was bulging from my neck. The mere thought of it sent shivers of pure want through my body.

She was getting close. Her balls were throbbing against my hand as my fingers explored her pussy, and her cock was pulsing just as powerfully in my mouth, the feeling of it pulsating deep within my throat something I knew I would have to do again sometime soon. I could hear her breathing continuing to ramp up, her moans were more frequent and becoming higher pitched, while her hips began thrusting to meet my lips. I caught sight of her hands twitching in longing and I stopped moving.

She seemed to understand my intentions. Her hands shot to my head and I relaxed my jaw as best I could, likewise I made sure that my gag reflex was pushed aside and put my hands on her balls, massaging the heavy orbs. With a couple of heavy breaths, as if counting down, she held my head tight in her hands and began to thrust. She didn't build up, already close to her climax, her pace akin to a jackhammer and only increasing. I could only kneel there and take it.

Despite my best efforts, I gagged repeatedly. However, due to Fae's rapid fire thrusts, I didn't have a chance to experience the discomfort for long. Spit flew everywhere, bathing her cock and balls, while splattering my chin and cheeks. I would be filthy after this. My pussy clenched around air at the thought, wanting nothing more than to feel those thrusts. Soon, I promised myself as Fae began to give short cries in time with every other thrust.

Her thrusts became erratic. She would hold inside my throat for several seconds, then pull back slow and thrust hard. Finally, she called out her ecstasy to any who could listen as her overwhelming cock thickened and pulsed rapidly, her balls sending scalding hot cum up her inhuman length. I kept my eyes open and wide, despite the tears streaming down my cheeks to mix with my spit, looking up into hers. Fae's cum raced through her shaft and sprayed almost directly into my stomach.

The first blast was undoubtedly the largest. I could feel it fill my stomach almost to capacity. Her release didn't come in spurts, the flow merely ebbing, before gushing once again. I felt my belly expand as her next spray filled me. Part of me feared that the viscous fluid would start to rise back up my oesophagus, but it never happened, the tube plugged by Fae's cock. My stomach continued to grow outwards with each spurt.

Fuck, how much could she cum? I must've swallowed at least a gallon by now, but she wasn't stopping yet. Not only that, but I could tell that her balls had visibly shrunk. She must've waited well over a year for this. Despite the swelling to my middle, I continued to swallow around her cock, effectively milking her of her cum. Finally, she gave a satisfied gasp and fell back, her cock drawing out of my throat deliciously. I took several deep breaths upon having my airways freed.

I could taste cum on my tongue. Every time I exhaled, the flavour would be refreshed, seeming to coat every square inch of my mouth. I couldn't help licking all around, trying to gather up any remnants of her orgasm. When I was finished, I leaned back on my hands and looked down at my gut. Partially from the lack of oxygen, I couldn't help giggling at the sight of my swollen gut. Most people got beer bellies, I had a cum belly. Fae was laughing as well.

"That was..." She trailed off, failing to find any word to effectively describe the experience. Even so, I still answered.

"Yeah." After a while, I climbed onto the bed, lying beside her. She smiled at me, still completely in control, "You still got control?" I asked, curious. She nodded, smiling happily. The afterglow of her orgasm mixed with her joy at being able to enjoy this moment mixing together delightfully.

"Yeah. I don't know why, but I am. Not that it's gonna stop me from fucking you silly." She said with clear conviction. I was about to reply, when I felt a sudden burning in my chest.

-Fae-

Gale gave a sudden pained gasp, her hands clutching at her chest. I was sitting up in an instant, rolling her onto her side.

"Gale? Gale?" I asked, concerned. Her face was turning red, her breaths were short and fast. I placed a hand on her forehead; she was burning up. Shit, shit, shit. This must be the pills, I thought. I looked around, there had to be something I could do to at least lessen the pain she was in. As I went to move away, she grabbed my arm. I looked at her. Her bottom lip was trembling, and she mouthed to me 'don't go'. I nodded and held her hands.

Her back arched up, pushing her chest out as she writhed about. Just what kind of pain was she in? As I watched over her, trying to think of a way to help, I noticed her nipples. They were incredibly large, far bigger than I'd seen on any human. If someone had told me about someone with nipples like these, I would've thought it to be a turn off, but here, with it in front of me, I found they enhanced Gale's expansive bosom. And now, they were visibly twitching. With each movement, I noticed they looked a touch larger.

My eyes were glued to the sight. How could they not be? It's not every day that you see your girlfriend's nipples, or anyone's for that matter, growing right before your eyes. By my estimate they had been about 5'', but were already 6 or 7 now. And, as I squinted my eyes slightly, their tips were beginning to look kind of bulbous. Almost like the head of a cock. Gale's hands gripped at her breasts, as if to try and get an itch without scratching. I replaced her hands, hoping to soothe any pain she felt. As I did so, I felt a lump... no two... three? Another.

I didn't pull away. I couldn't. Whatever this was, it held my interest, even as my mind screamed for me to call an ambulance. Gale could be rapidly developing some form of cancer, and here I was just massaging her breasts in an effort to give her some relief. As I continued to do so, I noticed her nipples were now almost as big as my cock. My eyes widened at the sight of them, seeing a definitive phallus shape developing now. My attention returned to her breasts.

I had found several orb-like lumps within each of them. It didn't seem possible, but... Gale was growing a pair of cocks from her tits, which housed at least four or five testicles each. That was my best guess. At the thought, I brought one hand to my arm and pinched the skin. Hard. I yelped in pain, the sound lost to Gale as she was lost in her torment. This wasn't a dream. It was happening.

I remembered the pills. I rummaged through her pockets, grabbing the bottles and finding the one labelled Reducto. As I studied, searching for any sign that they might cause this, I noticed the label was peeling off. I would expect to see the plastic container beneath, but I saw another label. Without hesitation, I peeled the Reducto label off, seeing it as a new word came to my attention: Breasticles.

"What the fuck?" I said aloud. I looked to Gale, who had all but passed out in her pain. I walked out of the room, pulling my phone out of my pocket and speed dialling Blare's number. Despite the time, 2:23AM, she picked up shortly.

"Hello, Fae. How're-" I cut her off.

"Gale's growing fucking dicks out of her nipples!" I shouted into the receiver. Blare, like always, remained aggravatingly calm.

"Oh my, that shouldn't be. Perhaps it's an allergic reaction to the Reduc-" Once again, I cut her off.

"Cut the shit, you lying bitch. You gave her something called Breasticles. I have no idea what the hell you're playing at-" It was her turn to cut me off.

"Listen, Fae. I did exactly what you wanted me to do. I gave you something that would stop her growth. Did you read what it says? No, I suppose not. Breasticles was designed to do exactly as I said; counter the effects of the other drug. It turns the breast growth into something entirely different. You got what you wanted, just not in the way you expected." She explained to me. I was at a loss for words. There was no way I could accuse of her lying to me. All she'd done was the same thing I had with Gale; held back the truth. Finally, I found some words.

"What about the pills you gave me?"

"Don't worry, dear, those are perfectly safe. Just don't take too many and you'll be fine."

"What if I... say, took three in one day after being dosed up with a potent aphrodisiac? Hypothetically of course."

"A little specific for it to be hypothetical wouldn't you say?"

"Just answer the question." I said, impatient to get this over with.

"I can't honestly say for certain. My best guess is that you'd see a rather exponential growth spurt, perhaps something else due to the aphrodisiac. Though I doubt it'd be something as extreme as growing another penis. Perhaps some testicular growth or a heightened libido. Keep in mind that none of this is an exact science." She told me. I groaned and decided to finish this.

"Okay. Thank you, Blare." I said and hung up. I went back to Gale, to find her laying peacefully, no longer writhing in pain. Her nipples appeared to have finished their transformation... though I couldn't see them. I frowned as I walked up to her. She looked at me as I sat on the bed.

"Hey." She said, voice somewhat hoarse after the abuse it had seen.

"Hey. How you feeling?" I asked.

"Weird. I know they're there," She said, nodding towards her breasts, which hadn't changed in size or shape, "Inside of my tits. Like they're just sitting there, waiting for something." She reached up, placing a hand on her currently inverted nipple. She moved down her breast, feeling something beneath the surface. Not just her assortment of balls. She nodded, "Right there." I felt along the area as well, feeling what I knew to be one of her new cocks.

"How... How do you feel about having them?" I asked, concerned for how she would feel towards this. It didn't help that it was my fault for trusting Blare.

"I... I really don't know. They're weird but, I mean, I guess they could be kind of fun. I'd be lying if I said that I've never thought about what it'd be like to have a dick. Just never like this." She explained, eyes only on her breasts.

"So, you don't really mind?" She shook her head.

"They're easy to hide and like I said, could be fun." I took a deep breath.

"I-It was my fault as well." I told her, looking away from her, though I saw her turn her head to face me, "That 'Reducto' was actually this weird thing called Breasticles. It was made to stop your growth by focusing it on something else." I explained. How many times was I going to admit to something today? Gale sat up and pulled me into her arms.

"It's alright. You didn't know did you?" She asked, to which I nodded, "Then it's not your fault. You wanted to help me, that's all. Blare just screwed you over." I gave a small chuckle.

"Yeah, she did... wonder what's gonna happen to me next." I said, thinking about how many pills I'd taken today, mixed with the aphrodisiac still faintly in my system. Gale nodded, her hand running through my hair.

"It'll be okay. If it gets out of hand, we'll just live together here, a pair of women with a trio of giant dicks between them." She said, making me smile. I wonder if I could live without her now.