 Author's Note: Read Chapter 1 first.

*****

-Gale-

We couldn't stay awake much longer. Even with all that had happened, we just couldn't keep our eyes open. I was still exhausted from my prior marathon of self-indulgence, mixed with the loss of the adrenaline from earlier and the rather intense blowjob had all taken it out of me. Likewise, Fae was beginning to drift in and out as we embraced.

Both of us were worried by what had happened to me. And what could happen to her. But I had meant what I said; we'd live together as a freak couple, make money somehow and find a way to be happy. That's all that I wanted in life now. For her to be happy with me. We laid down in my bed, Fae spooning me with her flaccid cock against my shapely rear. The temptation was there to tease her, but I was simply too tired. With a final kiss goodnight, we fell into a much needed slumber.

The morning came as always. The key difference was the warmth against my body. I hadn't shared my bed with another person for way too long, the feeling of another being so close almost alien to me, but welcome nonetheless. I placed my hands on hers, entwining our fingers together as I arched my back against her. I stopped abruptly, as I felt a drop of something warm land on my head. I frowned.

Fae's arms were around me. As such, she couldn't be positioned above my head. Although, her cock was over a foot long, she could probably find a way to manoeuvre herself to do this, but I doubted she would. So what was that dripping on my head? I opened my eyes, reaching up to wipe the sleep from my eyes, clearing up my vision. Another drop of that liquid fell on me, my frown deepening as I tried to figure it out before I turned to see it. With no answer coming to mind, I rotated my head to find out.

My eyes quickly opened wider than I would have ever thought possible.

"Holy fucking shit..." I said, letting the words trail on longer just to hammer in my disbelief. To myself I guess. In my defence, I genuinely needed some way to make this seem real, even though I knew it was. I must've spoken louder than I thought, since Fae stirred in her sleep, her massive cock rubbing against me. Despite my shock at all of this, I couldn't deny that the feeling of such an impossibly large dick against my body was strangely erotic. I managed to turn around to come face to face with it.

Fae was awake, though I could only partially see her face past her cock. It was level with my head, and easily as thick as a two litre bottle, over a foot around if that gives a better idea of its sheer girth. How the hell were we going to fuck? My mind turned to Blare, and the plethora of drugs she must have access to. Fae was still half asleep, unaware of the changes to her body. I got out of bed, moving to her side.

"Hey, Fae," She gave a small groan to show she heard me, "Where's your phone?" I asked. She pointed to her pants, discarded at the foot of my bed, "Thanks." I gave her a kiss on the cheek, smiling when she sighed happily. Her arms hugged her cock to her body, her groggy mind probably thinking it was me. I moved to her phone, finding she didn't lock it. That'd have to change at some point, I thought, as I went to her contacts. I soon found Blare's number.

Silently, I walked out of the room. I held Fae's phone to my ear, waiting for Blare to answer.

"Hello, Fae."

"Actually, it's me." I said, assuming she would recognise my voice despite speaking over the phone. Fortunately, she did.

"Oh, good morning Gale. Fae told me about your changes, I hope they are to your liking?" She asked. I hadn't caught it before when I met her before, but now I could hear some form of anticipation in her voice, like she was hoping I was dismayed by what had happened to me. Tough luck, Blare, I thought.

"Actually, I don't mind them. I'm kind of looking forward to using them at some point." I said, almost able to see her sigh in dismay at the response. She kept her voice steady though, not betraying her disappointment.

"Glad to hear it. Now then, onto business," She moved on, "What did you want to discuss?"

"I... I wanted to see if you had anything that could make me, uh, make me stretch? Um, down there." I said, struggling not to be too explicit. She gave a small chuckle.

"I assume Fae has seen some adverse effects from the little fiasco last night?" She inquired.

"Yes. She's at least..." I paused, estimating just how big she had to be in my head. Her cock reached from her crotch to above her head. I measured my arm against my body. Eventually, I found a decent answer, "Like, 15'', probably more. Definitely more." I added under my breath. 

"Oh my, that is quite the monster. How big around?" She asked. I could hear genuine curiosity in her tone. I gave a shrug, despite the fact that she could see me.

"I dunno, maybe a foot, give or take."

"I can see why you'd need some help with taking that," She said, sounding like she understood my dilemma, "And what does Fae think of this?" She asked.

"She's still half-asleep." I said.

"Oh, alright. And what about you? How do you feel about her new size?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, do you think it's too much, would you like it smaller? Bigger?" I hadn't given a single thought about this. Though, I guess the fact that I saw it and immediately set about finding a way to stretch for it, I suppose I was more than okay with it. My pussy had been stretched incredibly wide before, but this was a whole new realm. The largest girth I had been able to fit inside me was 10'', and that was more than a little snug. My prized dildo was 14'' and I was able to get that inside, but the consequences were hardly worth it. Even then, such a feat took far too long to prepare.

Not only that, but Fae was probably even bigger around than that. A foot was just a mere estimate, chances are it might be 15'', or more. Just like her length. I would have to measure her properly, I thought.

"I'm fine with it." I answered.

"That wasn't my question. Would you want her to be bigger or smaller? One or the other, Gale." I didn't want either though... did I? Was I actually happy with how big she was? I shook my head, no way. I shouldn't want her to be any different. She's already gonna have to deal with an overbearing appendage. Maybe I should just answer smaller? Blare would probably try to add something to shrink her down. Then Fae wouldn't have problems stuffing that thing in her pants. But...

My mind conjured images of Fae. Just as she was now, but going through what I did; waking up every morning, with an increase to her already monstrous endowment. I couldn't deny that it sparked my interests. Was this how Fae felt when I was growing? Anticipation over how much I was changing and how it would show each day?

"It depends." I said.

"On?" She pressed, her grin showing through her voice.

"Can you make me stretch? Like, no matter how much I need to?"

"Honey, I can get you something that could make you take half a dozen bottles of soda up that pussy of yours." She told me, voice sweet as honey. I blushed at what she said, but I couldn't deny that her words put the image into my mind. Absurd as it was, my pussy flushed with heat at the idea.

"And it wouldn't matter how long they were?" I asked, unable to help myself.

"Of course not. The drug I have in mind would prevent any organ damage. Of course you'll have your limits, but I doubt you're going to try and stuff a person up there." She said with a laugh, though I got the sense that she was only trying to tempt me. Again, tough luck, Blare. I had no interest in such a thing. All I wanted was to make sure Fae and I could do whatever we wanted together. And if that included me taking a cock half as big as me? I was game.

"No worries there. I'll see you at the clinic later today, alright?" I asked.

"That sounds just fine to me. I'll see you there, Gale." She said and promptly hung up. I pulled the phone from my ear and just stared down at it. Just what the fuck had I gotten myself into?

"Jesus titty-fucking Christ!" I heard Fae shout from the room, having woken up now and saw what had become of her monolithic cock. I headed back to her quickly, finding her sitting up, head tilted upwards to stare at her dick. The change in angle made it difficult to tell, but I swore it was bigger. She saw me in the door, "Gale... oh fuck." She said, realising what the sheer size of her endowment meant. I walked over and sat beside her.

"It's okay, we'll figure it out." I told her.

"I know we will. It's something else." She said, eyes locked on mine. I had missed this about her. Yesterday had only been a relatively short time, but it had felt like days, weeks even. And I had seen Fae scared out of her mind, uncertain of herself more often than not. Now though, she seemed to have returned to her old-self. For the most part at least.

"What is it?" I asked, pulling her close, "You can tell me anything, you know that."

"How could I not?" She asked, chuckling in my arms. She clearly wasn't scared by what she wanted to tell me, but I could feel the tension in her body, "It's just... tricky."

"What hasn't been tricky about this relationship yet?" I asked, getting another laugh from her.

"You got me there. Maybe how much we love each other?" She offered, but I shook my head.

"Even that was tricky." I said, thinking of her control issues. She sighed, and looked up at me.

"I was trying to be sweet." She said, rolling her eyes at me.

"You don't have to try." I told her. She smiled and leaned up to kiss me, when we pulled apart, I once again asked, "So what is it?" She pulled away from me, leaning back on her hands and staring at her still hard cock. Her control was clearly intact and didn't show any signs of breaking.

"It's really fucking huge, isn't it?" She asked in response, despite knowing the answer.

"I think anyone would be able to tell that." I replied. She grinned, and continued.

"What would you think if... if I let it get bigger?" I was going through a sense of déjà vu, having heard myself ask a very similar question yesterday. I scooted closer to her, until our hips were touching and I turned her head to face me, leaning to kiss her deeply. I think I was starting to get addicted to having her lips on mine.

"We'll grow big together." I told her, reminding her of what I'd said before. She smirked broadly, perfect teeth shining brilliantly at me, but of course, rationality had to interject our small moment of happiness.

"But what'll we do about money? I don't have a whole lot saved up and if we grow as big as we want to, there's no way we could get normal jobs." She said, fear returning to her voice. Doubt clouded her eyes. I caressed her cheek. There was one thing that could work, though I wasn't sure how effective it would be.

"Well, I have one idea that could work." I said, blushing slightly at the mere thought of going through with it. Fae raised a curious eyebrow, "We could start a webcam show." Immediately, her cheeks turned tomato red, and her eyes fell down, "You don't have to if you don't want to." I told her. She shook her head.

"I've done stuff like it before. Just not... You're talking about sex cam shows, right?" She asked, glancing up at me for confirmation.

"Yeah, I just, well, I figured that with our weird anatomy we could bring in a crowd." I explained. Fae only nodded, still blushing, "It's just a suggestion, we don't have to do it. I bet we could find jobs we can do from home." Fae shook her head.

"I want to." She said, taking a deep breath, "I've kind of fantasised about stuff like this. You know, doing stuff in front of people." She admitted, causing me to smirk. Easily embarrassed, but with exhibitionist fantasies? Damn, she was a walking contradiction at times, but an adorable one. I pulled her in for a hug, pushing her still hard cock to the side.

"I'll head out and get some equipment then." I said, getting up to dress myself.

"I'll go with you." She offered, about to stand when I stopped her. I nodded to her cock.

"I think something needs to be taken care of first, don't you?" I asked, giving her a suggestive wink. Fae's cheeks darkened further, but she nodded.

"I guess you're right." She admitted. I rushed about, making myself presentable for the day. As I did so, I replaced the single bottle that I had left, on the sink in my bathroom. I should've asked Blare for more of those breast growth pills. I didn't want to take another of the Breasticles, although, would it really have that much of an adverse effect? My nipples... cocks, might grow a little bigger, but that wouldn't be too bad. They're easy to hide after all.

I popped the lid open and got a pill out. I guess it was worth the gamble. I poured myself a small glass of water, put the little drug in my mouth, downed it and finished up with preparing for my day. Not that I needed to prepare much at all. In due time, I was presentable, my overly large tits contained by one of the few shirts that could hold them. As it was, the fabric was nearly taut around the massive mounds. What am I gonna do about shirts? I thought as I considered how I intended to grow from here.

I put the thought aside and finished up. As I went back to my room, I stopped just outside the door. I could hear Fae's moans faintly from the other side, a small grin on my face. Leaving her to have her fun, I headed down to my car. Along the way, I passed one of my neighbours. Just remembering their faces makes me want to giggle. It was that knowing look of someone who had heard coherently what had happened. The kind you might see on a parent after your first time in their house.

As it was, I smiled and waved to them. They actually blushed and looked away, though not without returning the friendly gesture. Soon enough I was in my car and driving down to the clinic. Blare had better not pull anything this time, I thought, not that I knew what I'd do. Bludgeon her with my breasts? That'd be one hell of a headline; Woman Beats Doctor Using Breasts. Not likely to happen though.

I was soon parked and walking into the building. The receptionist saw me and smiled, though she had a curious gleam in her eye, at least when it was torn from my expansive chest. Probably curious as to why I was back so soon, though she might've had her own ideas. I wasn't going to waste time, so I strode up to the counter.

"I'm here to see Doctor Blare." I said, tapping my fingers on the plastic surface impatiently. Thankfully, she picked up on that and went through all of the paperwork in record time. Soon enough, I was walking down the hallway. Oddly enough, I felt a sense of nostalgia doing this. After all, it was when I had stepped down this hall a few weeks ago, that all of this had begun. Though, part of me was glad that this would, hopefully, be the last time I walked down here to get some kind of drug. This had better work for me and Fae.

I didn't knock as I walked into the Doctor's room. Instantly, I felt like I'd stepped into a Bond film, as Blare turned around in a swivel chair, hands clasped together with an evil grin on her face. All she was missing was a cat and henchmen.

"You know it's kind of creepy how well you did that." I told her, hiding just how unnerving the spectacle before me was. Anyone else would've laughed seeing her, particularly given her undeniably appealing visage. Blare only shrugged and stood.

"What can I say? I like to give my clients a good show. Now then, I'm sure you're eager to go back to Fae and help her handle that cock of hers, so let's get this over with." She said, reaching into a pocket on her doctor's coat, pulling out a bottle of pills. It was nondescript, just like the ones she'd given me. There were no signs that she had removed a label either. I gave her a suspicious look as I went to take the bottle from her, but she pulled back.

"What is it?" I asked, snappily.

"I have a favour to ask. I'd say it's reasonable since I've been giving you and Fae these extremely uncommon items free of charge." I gave her a scathing glance, but took a deep breath.

"Fine. Let's hear it." The smirk that spread across her face was disconcerting to say the least.

"First a little back story, don't worry it's brief," She added upon seeing my exasperated face, "You see, I've been focused on my work for a very long time. Now, while it's extremely fun to play around with some of my clients, it doesn't satisfy me like I want it to. To get to my point, I want you," She pointed at me, though I noticed how her finger was aimed specifically at one of my nipples, "To fuck me."

"No." I said instantly. She had been smiling almost the entire time, but that expression soon fell, replaced by confusion.

"No?" I nodded, "You're saying no to me? Have you looked at my body? No one in their right mind would refuse this." She said, clearly shocked by my rejection.

"And no one in their right mind would make someone grow dicks out of their nipples. Guess we're both a touch insane. Now, do you have another favour, or are you just gonna give me those pills?"

"Fine," She relented, giving me a glare that could potentially make ice shiver, "I want you to take this." She said, pulling out a single pill. It was as plain as could possibly be; white, no markings or patterns. It was the size of an M&M, though more oval in shape. I said nothing, several seconds, pregnant with silence, passing before she said something, "It's either this or fuck me." She said, waving the bottle of stretchy pills in front of me.

My options were far from desirable. To get those pills, and be able to take all of Fae's cock no matter how big she grew, I had to fuck her or take some mystery drug. No one in their right mind would consider this. I could probably find some other method to take Fae. But the ability was right in front of me. Fucking her seemed like the lesser of two evils. I'd get something out of it, even if I had to put up with the guilt of doing this behind Fae's back. The drug could end making me some weird tentacle monster for all I knew.

I let my head fall forward and I gave my answer.

"Fine." I mumbled.

"What was that?" She asked, her voice going up an octave to reach an obnoxious tone, one invented by children in the playground.

"I said fine." I replied, stronger this time.

"Fine to what? The pill?" She asked, hope clear in her voice. I glared at her.

"I'll fuck you." That smile on her face, fundamentally beautiful, only sparked anger within me. It was like the more time I spent around her, particularly when I knew what she had tricked Fae into giving me. It was one of the reasons I wasn't mad at my girlfriend; she didn't know those 'Reducto' pills would make me spontaneously grow a pair of dicks. Blare, on the other hand, did know.

"That's better." She said and strolled over to the door, locking it, before turning back to me, "Let's get this started."

-Fae-

Holy shit, this is good. The thought was impossible be rid of. I didn't masturbate often, the last time being years ago, when I was a teenager. My control hadn't been as much of an issue back then, even though I still found it impossible to keep my hands off myself when I got erect. That's before I learned what sex was. It was like a switch had been flipped, as if my body refused to be satisfied by my hands alone. But something had changed yet again.

I was stroking my cock like a woman possessed. Pre-cum gushed from the tip, running down my length and meeting my always moving hands, the preoccupied limbs working my slick pre into my oversized phallus. Moans left my mouth frequently, my breaths coming in fast pants. I could feel the air run over my slickened cock, sending shivers through my body. More...

With a small bit of effort, I managed to angle my prick just right. Fuelled by my lust, I opened my mouth wide and leaned down and forward, tongue extended to lick at my dick. The taste was like gasoline on the flames of my desire, turning it from a powerful fire to a raging inferno within moments. I tried and tried, pushing myself down on it. But it was too thick, heavy too. My arms were beginning to struggle with holding it up.
