 Author's Note: Read Chapter 1 first.

*****

-Fae-

"Oh god, yes! Gale, more, take it deeper. Use your tongue, use it... there... oh fuck!" I cried, my eyes shut tight and my hands a blur on my cock. The image of Gale in my mind was one of complete beauty. Her face was slavered in spit and pre-cum, her hair matted with it, while her eyes looked upon me with a hunger only for my cock and cum. I had her mouth stretched wide around me, every pussy-breaking inch of my shaft engulfed in her famished maw. She even had her own cock teasing my oft neglected cunt.

I had been like this for several minutes now. My own hands trying, in vain, to convey the sensations my mind was generating. I could feel my prick thickening, gaining inches in girth before, finally, I felt my orgasm rip its way through me. This was often my favourite part. The sensation of thick seed rushing from my sac, through my shaft, and then spraying from my cock one that I could easily grow addicted to. All thoughts were obliterated from my mind as my climax blazed into existence.

My mind's eye crafted the perfect image for me. Gale swallowing desperately around my dick, while her own cocks sprayed their load, at the same time her stomach would begin to bloat with my seed. Bigger and bigger, she would swell, until she looked heavy with child. Even then, my orgasm would continue and make her even larger. However, I couldn't quite manage that. In reality, I believe I released about 2 gallons' worth of cum. Not quite enough to fulfil my fantasies.

It wasn't until I came out of my orgasm induced haze, that I realised the mess I'd made. Thick, white viscous fluid was everywhere. Fortunately, Gale's bedroom was mostly free of any expensive possessions, but that didn't mean her furniture and floor were spared. I had laid back at the apex of my climax, releasing at least half of my unbelievable load into the air, only for it to rain down upon me, and Gale's bed. I moved my arm, finding a large portion of her sheets were soaked already.

I wasn't in any better shape. Massive splatters of cum were gradually drying on my skin, almost a third of my body was practically lost beneath the thick liquid. It felt oddly like jelly, I thought as I raised a finger to touch it. Just how much sperm was in each drop of this? I wondered, curious as to whether it would even be possible for me not to impregnate someone now. I would flood any woman's uterus and most likely her ovaries while I was at it.

My thoughts naturally turned to Gale. The web cam shows she'd suggested would no doubt be a decent enough way for us to make income, but I had my doubts as to whether it could support both of us, and a child when the time came. We'd need some way to get more cash if we were going to work from home. And I might have just the way.

For the next 30 minutes, I was furiously typing away at my laptop. I was looking at any and all sites that advertised jobs for graphic designers. While I preferred to work on my own passions in Photoshop, I had naturally dabbled in other stuff, such as character creations, web design and other such professions. They weren't my forte, but I was more than proficient. Soon enough, I had sent out dozens of applications to everyone in need of a designer. A lot of these were Kickstarter campaigns in need of designers.

For those, I always made it known that I needed to be paid up front. At least partially. I had heard more than enough stories about crowdfunding falling through and employees not getting paid for their work. All I had to do was sit back and wait. I was confident enough in my abilities that I wasn't too worried about receiving rejections, at least not for every single application. That would be a real blow to my confidence.

I had just finished, when I heard the front door open. I knew it was Gale and, oddly enough, that reminded me to take one of the pills. My cock was already too big to effectively hide in public - flaccid it's a good 9'' long and 5'' around. My balls didn't shrink much either - as such I figured, why not? Gale had made it known that she liked the idea of growth, whether it's mine or hers, so I decided I'd at least start now. As I held the bottle of pills I thought how much I'd grown after taking three in quick succession.

I didn't have the aphrodisiac in my system. Evidenced by the fact that my cock wasn't hard in the slightest at the moment. Nonetheless, I'd expect that taken three times the recommended dose would yield rather impressive results. I shook the thoughts from my head, deciding I'd ask Gale about them. I set aside my laptop and stood.

"Whoa." I gasped, feeling my cumbersome balls slap against my thighs. They really were massive, though not quite big enough that I wouldn't be able to walk comfortably. However, the weight was rather impressive. I figured each testicle had to weigh about 6 or 7lbs, and I had basically just cum as well. My cock also had to weigh at least a couple of pounds. Damn.

I hadn't weighed myself in a while. The last time I did, I had been about 125-128lbs, or 57 kilos. But now, I had to be about 140lbs, give or take. Pretty damn substantial, even though none of it was due to an increase in fat. Though the same could probably be said for Gale, who was dealing at least as much as I was, if not more. At the same time though, I didn't entirely feel the weight of my grown endowments. I knew it was there, but it didn't encumber me.

"That's nifty." I said, still partially riding the high of my orgasm. With that, I walked out to the living room. Gale was sitting on the couch, eying a bottle filled with an all too familiar item; pills, "Everything okay?" I asked, moving up to her. She looked at me, an expression of guilt on her face, but she smiled all the same.

"You look like you had fun." She noted, glancing at my cum splattered body. It'd dried now, caked on my body. I shrugged.

"Had to entertain myself somehow. So, what're those?" I asked, nodding at the bottle.

"I, uh, I met up with Blare," She said, sounding as if she had done something very wrong, "And uh, she gave me these so I could stretch out. For you." My brows raised at that.

"Whoa, really? That's great!" I said. I hadn't thought about it consciously, but somewhere in the back of my mind, the thought of how we would actually have sex had weighed heavily on me.

"Yeah," She replied, though without the enthusiasm I had, "But I had to do something to get them." I didn't need to be a psychiatrist or anything like that to tell she was nervous about this. I sat down beside her, putting an arm around her shoulders. A difficult thing since she was a good two or three inches taller than me. I didn't actually know her specific height.

"It's okay. I don't care what you had to do. You did it for us, right?" She nodded, "Then it doesn't matter."

"I'm not so sure." She said. I raised a hand and put it on her cheek, turning her head to face me. I leaned up and kissed her.

"Like I said it doesn't matter." Her anxious gulp was audible; I probably could've been standing in the doorway and heard it.

"I... I had sex with Blare." She whispered, but the words were clear. Gale turned her head away from me, eyes glassy. This was really tearing her up inside, I thought. Before any tears could fall, I pulled her head back mine, our lips meeting quickly. For a moment, I felt her trying to pull away, but I kept her in place. She needed to know that I didn't care about what she'd done. I continued to kiss her, pressing myself against her. Eventually, she responded, her mouth opening to allow my tongue entry.

When I pulled back, she was panting. I could see a tear running down her cheek, but her eyes were mostly clear now.

"Got it?" I asked, despite having said nothing. She only nodded and smiled up at me, leaning forwards to kiss me again.

"I forgot to get the camera stuff." She said, grinning sheepishly. I chuckled and moved us so that we were laying on the couch. Her on top of me, with her head between her breasts, her own pressing against me like two deliciously soft pillows.

"That's okay. It's still early," I glanced at the clock she had on the hall, hanging above the hallway entrance; 11:47AM, "So we can do it later." She nodded against me, arms around me.

"So... how was it?" She asked, moving a hand to my cock. I was still naked and covered in dried cum.

"Intense," I said, "Amazing, ecstatic, like nothing I've ever felt before." They were the only words I could think to describe it. The sensations had been very different than what I was used, but they were somewhat familiar. Far stronger than what I'd felt before.

"Good to hear." She said, voice deliberately husky, "Because I have a pretty good idea for our first show."

"Oh?" I asked, intrigued, "What's that?" She grinned seductively, moving to straddle me.

"Well," As she spoke, she ran her hands down my filth covered body, "I'm thinking that you, and your big, pussy-stretching cock," Her hand found my dick, squeezing around it, "Will fuck me into submission," I could feel blood pumping into my cock now, "And then," She leaned down to whisper in my ear, "You're going to cum in me and make me pregnant with your child." That was the final straw and blood rushed to my prick, swelling it to full erection in record time, "But not right now." She said quickly, pulling away and standing up.

I wasn't sure exactly what expression I had on, but it made her laugh.

"Fucking cock-tease." I muttered, making her chuckle again.

"Don't worry, you can do whatever you want as soon as we've got everything set up." She said, walking into the kitchen and pouring herself a glass of water. I merely let my head lean on the armrest of her couch, enjoying the strangely nice sensations of having dried semen on my naked body. Eventually, Gale came back, sitting at my feet and taking a mouthful from her glass. Her hand found my foot, absentmindedly massaging it. I could've laid there for hours.

But we had things to do unfortunately. Gale finished her water, taking one of the stretchy pills as she drank, and stood to head out again. Part of me wanted to make her stay, but I knew my desire had to be tamed, for a period of time at least, so we could live happily. Webcam shows, I thought. If we could make a good living out of it, with my graphics work on the side, then I can see us having one hell of a life together. And she wanted a kid tonight! Okay, she wanted one in the oven, but still.

That thought alone was almost enough to bring my cock to erection. But it would have to wait until later. She wanted this on film as well. I could feel my inner exhibitionist sing at the idea. Maybe we could document her pregnancy? Pictures, video... what if she had twins? Oh I can see her now, swelling almost day by day.

Calm it down, Fae. I told myself. Save it for tonight. Oh, what a night it'll be. As Gale left, I waved goodbye and blew a kiss, which she gleefully caught. As soon as she left I decided I needed to get some rest for later. I returned to her bedroom, our bedroom I reminded myself, and laid down. I didn't care about the damp sheets or the smell of cum. Soon enough I was breathing deeply and asleep. Not too deeply, but asleep nonetheless. 

-Gale-

I felt like shit when I walked into my apartment. I wanted nothing more than to disappear into my bedroom and hide under the covers, away from Fae's eyes. But I chose the couch instead, sitting on it and hiding my head in my hands. Fae was just down a short hallway. I should just go to her and tell her everything that happened, but I was scared. She had told me about her family and her life problems, but it wasn't like she had cheated on me. It felt like a betrayal more than anything.

Why did I do it? There had to be other ways to stretch myself out. I could just work myself up to it, buy bigger dildos, gradually building up to her size. But no, I was impatient, I wanted a way for us to fuck that very day. I realised I hadn't even asked Blare how fast the pills would work? Did they kick into effect immediately? Or was it like an allergy tablet; take it for a few days before the effects really come in?

Why the fuck didn't I think this through? I should just go out and buy the stuff needed for the web show, let my mind play this over and come up with a way to explain it coherently. But I didn't have that option. Fae walked into the room. I was ready for her to find some way to smell Blare on me or something, to find that I had fucked someone other than her. Given one of my cocks' virginity to her. There was a wall not far from me, I could bash my head against it. Knock myself into a coma to get out of this. It'd work.

I didn't do it obviously. Fae walked up behind the couch, leaning down to put her arms around me. I knew my face had guilt written all over it, hell it was practically engraved on my forehead, but I still looked up at her. We talked for a while, my confession coming out despite my terror over what she would say to me. Not a word was uttered, instead she moved in and kissed me. It was the same thing I would do with her.

Now I know why I did it. Actions are said to speak louder than words, and that was never more true than now. Her lips against mine were comforting, like the blanket a child holds dear. Even so, I was stunned into immobility. Thankfully, my brain realised that this was a kiss, one from the woman I loved, and that I needed to reciprocate. When we parted, I looked her in the eyes. She wasn't angry at all.

Just what did I do in this life to deserve her? Some might argue that I had shown her a similar kindness in the past few days, but I don't care. I hadn't earned this as far as I was concerned. But I was going to do what I could to make up for this. Hence my promise for that night. We would fuck, and I would let her cum inside me. The thought of having a child scared me, but Fae seemed on board with it. We could handle this.

Actually, could we? I may not seem like it, but doubt seems to have a funny way of crawling into my thoughts, making itself at home and outstaying its welcome. Now it had made itself a nest within my mind, leading me to question whether Fae and I could truly handle having a kid. We weren't exactly the most mature people in the world, and we definitely won't fit the usual depiction of parents. I mean, we wouldn't even be able to go out in public. I could if I was lucky, but still... Would anyone take me seriously when I was more breast than person?

Just stop, I told myself. It wouldn't do any good to worry about something that hadn't even happened yet. I'd talk it over with Fae later on and we'd discuss it properly. I hadn't exactly been in the most sensible frame of mind earlier to be honest, so I said what I thought would please Fae, in case she hadn't forgiven me like she had appeared to. It's times like this that I miss being a kid.

Either way, I was in the car and heading to the Radio Shack. Our town is small, but not that small. We didn't need anything particularly special to set up a webcam show, just make sure the quality isn't abhorrent. My internet connection was pretty decent, rarely messing up and working fairly quickly. So there shouldn't be any real issues. The only glaring flaw to my plan was how we would make a fan base.

I had perused the darker parts of the internet from time to time. I never delved too deep, but I had gone far enough to know that there were several people who had a thing for women like me and Fae. That's to say, ones with rather unorthodox endowments. Such as a cock, or in my case cocks, or massive tits. My intention was for them to become our biggest supporters, and, in all fairness, I knew full well that it was possible. There was a very real possibility of Fae and I garnering much attention online.

It didn't take me long to find a camera. An inexpensive one I might add, but one that would do the trick just fine. Soon enough, I had paid for it and was driving back home. As I came closer and closer, I could practically feel the doubt creeping back into my thoughts.

"Enough!" I all but shouted in the confines of my car. While I didn't feel this way often, each and every time it happened, I immediately grew sick of it. But this was different; it wasn't just me this concerned. Fae was a major factor now. What mattered to me, mattered to her as well. I envisioned a series of walls rising within the somewhat chaotic world of my mind, the doubt being pushed back by a series of invisible barriers. As soon as it was trapped between three walls, a fourth fell heavily, cutting off its only exit. No more doubt. No more second-guessing this.

A few minutes later and I was parked. I grabbed the camera and tripod, which came free with the device, walking back to my apartment. Already, I could feel my pussy tingle. I assumed it to be longing, a desire to have something impossibly long and hard fill it. As I thought of that, the tingling sensation grew stronger, turning into a burning. Wonder if the pills had kicked in, I thought as I stepped through the door. As soon as I stepped in, I saw Fae on the couch.

She was clearly ready for tonight. Despite the low snores coming from her, that inhumanly large cock stood like a monument to masculinity, in spite of the person it was attached to, with a massive drop of pre-cum lazily rolling down its shaft. At the sight, I couldn't help but lick my lips. She was still naked too, her withered semen covering much of her form. The view only seemed to affirm in my mind that she was fucking gorgeous.

I set the equipment down and opened a drawer. Within, rested my tape measure. I couldn't help myself, so I picked it up and walked over to my own Sleeping Beauty, sitting less than a foot away from her prick. Placing the tip of the tape at the base of her cock, just above the balls, I pulled it up and up... and up. Jesus, how big was this thing? I questioned myself silently. Finally, I stopped lifting the measure at a mind boggling 24'' and ¾ ...holy fuck. That's simply insane.

Now for the girth. My mouth was practically watering at the mere sight of her thick meat. I needed to know the actual number, just the idea of it whetted my appetite for her cock. I wrapped the tape around her middle, watching with a gaping mouth as the number of inches only grew higher. When I finally came to the grand finale, I could barely believe it. On top of her record breaking length, her girth just made it all the more overwhelming.

My mind turned to my biggest dildo, 'The Beast'. It was 14'' around, absolutely enormous, and was almost as long as Fae was, but Fae was most definitely bigger. Mixed with her near 25'' of length, her cock was 17'' in girth. It actually scared me to know that, but the fear seemed to only aide in my desire. It was like a roller coaster; terrifying and incredibly daunting, but the promise of a thrill was just as powerful. I wanted to ride this beast right now.

But it had to wait. As Fae slept, I began to set up the camera. It had a built-in memory of 100 gigabytes, so I wasn't worried about running out of room. The tripod was cheaply made, but worked well enough. Rather than using my bedroom, which would be fairly cramped with a camera in there, I decided the living room would best suit our needs. It didn't hurt that I had a carpet in storage to soften the hardwood floor. My couch was definitely too small for this.

As I worked, Fae woke up. She sat up, looking around groggily, almost seeming to miss the obstruction to her vision that was her cock. I was moving the camera around, trying to find the best angle to film from. We were going to be doing a live stream, or a cam show given what the content will be, and I had my laptop set up for it already. It wasn't hard to find a popular cam site to use, so I registered and scheduled a show for later that day; Real Life Dickgirl! Was the title. Figured I'd try and draw in that coveted fan base I mentioned earlier.
