 Author's Note: Read Chapter 1 first. This is the final chapter, besides the epilogue.

*****

-Aforementioned Random Viewer-

Holy shit, this was insane! Part of me wanted to believe this was all fake, just really good CGI, but the human eye knows better. Those cocks were real. That woman with cocks for nipples was real, and that brunette with a dick that put all others to shame, even the gag dildos I've seen, was very real. And now, I was watching them make out.

The brunette was swollen to hell. She looked ready to go into labour, maybe with twins. Fortunately, they were giving us a side-view of the action, though I doubt it was done as a conscious action, not that it mattered. The redhead was just as into it as her girlfriend. It looked like the rest of the world was inconsequential to them. They'd started this show to try and earn money - speaking of which, the donation was over $300 - but that appeared to be the furthest thing from their minds at this point. But who would complain about that?

I'd been going alongside them for the past hour. My fingers were still in my pussy as well, leisurely fucking myself to the scene before me. I have no idea how many times I came already, but I was more than willing to keep going as long as they did. There was a chat to the right of the video. I quickly typed one word in all capitals; MORE!

-Gale-

I have no idea how long we'd been making out, but we did manage to pull apart eventually. Both of us were short of breath, panting with our eyes alight with a need for each other, and our hands firmly planted on the other's ass.

"Gale..." Fae gasped, but said nothing more.

"I know." I somehow found the will to pull away from her, hands reluctantly leaving her shapely rear. I laid down on my back, legs spread. Reaching around my massive stomach, I pulled my lower lips apart. She licked her lips, eying my crotch with a hunger only known to those who've been starved for weeks on end could understand. Even so, she stood above me, that cock practically trained on my drenched snatch, as if waiting for my go ahead.

Pouring every ounce of my affection for her and all of the lust I felt blazing within me, I uttered my next words.

"Fuck me."

-Fae-

I'd dreamt of those two words for years now. My cock had attempted to break my control several times, growing half-erect nearly every time I thought of Gale in this exact situation. And now, I was able to finally make my fantasies a reality. I fell to my knees, as if in reverence of my girlfriend. My balls were so large and hung low enough that they met the floor along with my knees.

Gale was beautiful. I've said it before, and I fully intend to say it hundreds of times again. Here she was, laying before me, thighs spread and her pussy on full display for me to finally penetrate. Her tits sat high on her chest, pushed their both by their incredible perkiness and her magnificently swollen belly. Those cocks were still flaccid, but appeared to be a little larger than when I last saw. Before this was over, I was going to get another load from them.

Our eyes met and stayed locked. I couldn't find the will to look away, her gaze mirroring mine as I inched closer to her. Neither of us said a word, simply staring into one another's eyes as my cock neared her pussy. I knew neither of us was a virgin, but this felt like the first time all over again. I was nervous, my palms felt slick with sweat, and I was breathing heavily. It was like all of my experiences went out of the window. Although, they weren't exactly experiences I'd gone through of my free will. Maybe that was why this felt so new?

Either way, it didn't mean much in the face of what I was about to do. I gripped my cock, though my hand barely managed to cover half of its girth, but it was enough to guide it to her opening. I could hear my heart pounding in my ears. This was really going to happen. The thought seemed to finally confirm it for me, that Gale and I were here, naked together and ready to consummate all of the feelings we've been going through. Tonight was our night, regardless of the camera recording us.

As I pressed myself against her pussy, I leaned as far over her as I could.

"I love you." I whispered. Despite my hushed tone, I knew she could hear every emotion raging within me in those three words. She smiled up at me, reaching a hand up to cup my cheek.

"I love you too," She said, voice as sweet as honey, "Now," She added, moving her hand down my body to take hold of my cock, "Fuck me with your giant dick." I only nodded and began to gradually pushed myself into her, but she had other ideas. She leaned up into a near sitting position, her lips meeting mine as her hand found my ass. I moaned into her mouth, enjoying the sensation of her pussy stretching unnaturally around my girth, before releasing a yelp of shock as she yanked me toward her. My cock shot into her like a raging bull.

I struck her cervix in mere seconds. Gale cried out against my lips, falling back as the sensations she'd coveted for so long finally exploded within her. I wasn't even halfway inside of her, and yet I already felt her convulsing around me, her orgasm wrecked muscles clenching around me in an effort to savour this feeling. She was so hot around me, as if her walls were liquid fire. We pulled apart, panting rapidly despite having only begun a short while ago.

"More?" I asked. Cervix penetration was reportedly an extremely painful experience and one that should be close to impossible when having sex. But I was more than certain I could do it, given my inhuman size. Gale, despite being lost in the throes of passion, gave me a look as if I had asked the dumbest question on the planet. In response to my query, she wrapped her legs around my hips and her arms around my head, pulling me down to whisper into my ear.

"Fuck my womb full of spunk, got it?" It was like she had delved into my mind, watching my fantasies over and over again until she had them memorised; those words were exactly what I had envisioned her saying to me, in that exact way as well. I kissed her again, pulling my hips back as best I could. The way her walls struggled to hold me in were like a thousand soft kisses along my shaft, mixed with a parade of caressing hands bathed in slick oil. But thrusting back in was like fireworks.

Both Gale and I voiced our bliss as I shoved myself back in. My head barrelled into the entrance to her womb, where an egg might very well be waiting. As if sharing the thought, I felt my balls grow heavier in a near instant, my cum growing denser in preparation for what was to come. I held for a few seconds, basking in the sensations of her pussy around me. Gale still held me with her legs, refusing to risk me pulling all of the way out. It was good thing she was pretty flexible and had long legs considering how far I could go.

I continued to rock into her. My pace wasn't particularly fast, but the strength in each of my thrusts and my sheer size was more than enough to pleasure my girlfriend turned lover. Her hands raked across my pain, those nails digging into my skin. Oddly enough, the pain was lost to me, translating only into pleasure to urge me on. Each time I thrust into her, I felt her cervix growing softer, as if weakening in the face of my ongoing assault. As I went on, I felt a growing desire to penetrate her in the deepest way possible.

In response to my growing want, my pace began to increase. Gale noticed it, her head falling back to lay on the floor and arms landing by her side, limp. The only part of her that remained strong was her legs, the gorgeous limbs hugging me close to her crotch as I rutted into her. Each time I struck the back of her cunt, she cried out. The sound wasn't one of discomfort nor pain, only pleasure and want for more.

Unknowingly, I had angled my hips just right. Now, each time I thrust in, I stimulated her engorged clit. My hands were on either side of her head, as if caging her. Occasionally, I would lunge forward, mashing our lips together and voicing my lust. As I did so, I noticed something beginning to poke at me from her chest. Enamoured by my desires as I was, I scarcely paid it any attention, however I couldn't ignore them forever. When I pulled back, I saw her cocks were hard as steel once more.

I didn't hold myself back. Almost without thought, I lunged forward and took one of dick-nipples - dipples? - into my mouth, sucking on it as I made love to her. Well, not quite love. I was most certainly fucking her, my primal instincts urging me on, but there was love there. Whatever this could be called, I was doing it; baring my feelings for her, while letting the most primitive of all humanity's instincts drive my movements. With a shrill cry of need, I took her cock into my throat. At the same time, I gave a vicious thrust forward.

Gale released a cry of shock. I could hardly fathom what it must feel like to have one's most sacred organ taken by a cock. All the same, I didn't halt in my progress. I slowly, but surely, pushed more and more of my unbelievable length into her. I'd already reached the back of her womb, but still I pushed into her, and she was taking it with ease. Well, as much ease as someone could take a cock my size.

I must be pushing other organs aside to do this. For a brief second, I considered stopping, not wanting to harm, or even kill, her. But I didn't. If that pill was made to make her stretch for this purpose, then it would prevent any damage to her internal organs. With that in mind, I continued the ongoing thrust, all while I lowered my mouth on her own cock. Gale was twitching beneath me, her pussy attempting to squeeze around me, but unable to do so; the near constant orgasms had reduced her strength to nothing. She was barely a toy for me to do with as I pleased now.

Despite her falling into a near comatose state, I continued. The spasms rocking her body, and the infrequent moans coming from her lax mouth were more than enough to urge me onward. Soon enough, I had finally hilted inside of her. I pulled off her cock and looked down at her, seeing a massive bulge in the shape of my cock jutting lewdly from her swollen abdomen.

"Oh fuck." I moaned, returning to her cock as I began to pull out. Gale seemed to return to life as I did so. Her voice all but sang in my ears as she spoke yet more words I had longed to hear in my dreams and fantasies. My cock seemed to pulse in time with every syllable coming from her mouth.

"So good... Stretch me out, babe. Ruin my pussy with your giant dick. Make it so you're the only one who can satisfy me." Her words rang through my mind, moving through my body to send pleasure through my entire being. I began to fuck her, thrusting in and out. The cum in her stomach caused the skin to ripple each time I hilted inside of her. I wasn't moving particularly fast, instead going at a leisurely pace for us both to enjoy. That wasn't to say I was thrusting lightly.

I was still testing the waters so to speak. For a while, I tried pulling out slowly and thrusting in with as much as force as I could. Then I attempted to pull out fast and go in slow, but she would grow impatient quickly and pull me inside by force. Eventually, I settled on a fairly relaxed pace, except I would push on her whenever I hilted, crushing her clit beneath me. All the while, Gale was continuing to spew her lustful wants.

"Keep going, harder. I want it harder. Please, Fae? Fuck my womb, so good, make me all big and swollen with your seed. Oh fuck! C'mon Fae, do it, harder, faster... more, more, more!" She cried, her pussy squeezing around me like a vice. As I pulled out of her, I could feel fluid drenching my thighs. I didn't know she could squirt. The discovery only made me want to fuck her more, just as she wanted.

To do so, I needed a better position. I managed to pull her legs apart and exit her reluctant depths.

"No," She whined, "Don't stop, stretch me more." I gave her a bemused grin, before grunting as I flipped her onto her cum engorged stomach. She gave a yelp at the sudden movement, but soon understood my intentions. Gale placed herself on her hands and knees. Despite raising herself off the ground, the skin of her abdomen continued to brush the floor. And I was going make it even bigger.

Gale seemed to realise that her muscles wouldn't be able to hold her for long. As such, she lowered her head to floor, laying it on her cheek. Fortunately, this allowed the use of her hands. She reached back, pulling her voluptuous ass cheeks apart to reveal her pussy, gaping from the excessive stretching I'd given it. Her lust engorged lips were soaked by her juices, streaks of it painting her inner thighs, and a drop of it falling onto the ground below. My cock wasn't in a much better state.

She waved her ass enticingly and looked back at me. Her cheeks continued to ripple, her soft flesh quivering before my eyes from the movement. I gulped at the sight, feeling my hands clench around the air with a desire to grip those delectable mounds. 

"Come on, big girl. Fuck your cum into me. Make me yours forever." She didn't need to tell me twice. I placed both hands on her ass, taking a second to enjoy the pillow-like feel of her cheeks, before aiming my cock at her begging entrance and thrusting forward. Gale cried out in ecstasy as she was claimed once more, her hands falling limp by her sides. In my current lust empowered state, I reached down and grabbed her arms, yanking her up. I let go quickly and wrapped an arm around her chest, just under her bountiful tits.

She moaned at my forcefulness. All notions of taking control of the situation having left her mind the second I entered her. In this new position, I was able to grab her tits with my free hand, which I promptly did. I fucked up into her, my cock striking her breasts through her stomach. I gripped one of her cocks and raised it up to her face, holding it there until she noticed it. With her mind lost to her lust, she promptly opened her mouth and leaned forward. I pushed her cock inside her mouth and let her go.

She was quick to catch herself. It only softened the fall, but it saved her cock from leaving the warm confines of her mouth. With that set up, I reared back. It felt so different in this position, as if her pussy was somehow even more hesitant to let me exit, but it was so slick that it wouldn't be able to hold anything if its life depended on it. Thanks to my unnatural length, I was able to put more force into the next thrust.

I heard Gale's muffled scream of ecstasy. Her pussy yet again tightening around my prick, but its grip was lax, unable to sustain its strength in the face of so many orgasms. I thrust into her quickly, not putting too much power in it. I leaned down, my lips by her ear.

"You ready for this?" She only moaned in response, a gag coming from her as she managed to force her cock into her throat, "Good, because I'm not stopping until I fill you up." I told her, biting her ear. She groaned at that, pain only amplifying her desire for what was to come. I stood up straight, taking a deep breath in preparation for what I was about to do. I brought my hands down on Gale's cheeks, hard, causing them to jiggle deliciously and making her shout out in surprise. With a small grin, I began.

If before was fucking with love, this was not. This was pure, animalistic rutting with only one goal in mind; to cum and inseminate. I would pull out and thrust in with less than a second between each action, my cock ramming through her ruined cervix, into her womb and then to bulge out of her belly. It was like I was stuck on repeat, unable to deviate from the set movements I had put in place for myself. Not that I was complaining.

The sounds of my hips meeting her ass resounded throughout the room. The way those cheeks would shake from the contact only urged me to go harder. Gale was constantly shouting out in pleasure, her voice muffled by her own cock lodged in her mouth. She was going at it with as much ardour as she had mine, if not more so. I was surprised she hadn't cum already, given how often she came from her pussy. But it was only a matter of time.

I had fallen into a rhythm pretty soon. Pull out, thrust in, pull out, thrust in. Only those two actions seemed to exist in my mind at the moment. Unconsciously, I think I realised this and decided to change it up a bit. Every other thrust, I would slow down the smallest amount and raise a hand to it down hard on her ass, in sync with my cock hilting in her. Each time, Gale would cry out. Was she getting close? Hopefully, because I could feel my balls growing tighter by the second with my impending climax. 

Eventually, I felt it. That building tension in my gut, the way my balls felt like they were going to explode, how my rhythm was beginning to become erratic. I leaned over Gale, my thrusts slowing from the odd position, but it was good enough.

"Get ready, bitch," I didn't mean it, but I was the dominant one in this situation, "I'm about to cum. I'm gonna make you swell up like a cum balloon. You ready for that?" Her response was to squeeze around my cock weakly, moaning around her own prick, "What am I saying, you're practically begging for it." She did nothing in response, though I did notice the way her pussy gripped me even harder, as if to affirm my words, "Thought so." I said, nipping her ear in parting yet again.

My cock was pulsating, ready to deliver its load. I took a deep breath and launched into a frenzy of thrusts, fucking my entire length into her, before pulling back until the head was about to pull out, only to ram back inside.

"Take. It. ALL!" I shouted, thrusting hard to punctuate each word. On the final I gave my own cry, finally achieving the release I'd been looking for since I first entered her. Gale also cried out, but the sound was muffled, quickly turning to gurgles as her own cock came into her. She arched her back, pressing it against me as white viscous fluid sprayed from the only prick not buried in something. I didn't realise what I'd done, until I'd done it; I had taken her spraying cock into my mouth, swallowing by her side as she and I came harder than ever before. It was a miracle neither of us passed out.

Through my cock, I sent litre upon sperm filled litre into her waiting depths. Her wrecked cervix clenched around me so tight that not a drop could escape her hungry womb, every ounce being held within. After just a few spurts of my climax, I could feel my cum all around me, the sperm all swimming around in the hunt for her egg. Not long after that, she was outwardly swelling once more. All the while, she and I swallowed her dick nipples' copious loads.

-Gale-

She was cumming in me. Oh god, she was finally cumming into me. I could feel it, each and every drop of her seed was filling my defiled womb, making it expand with her load. I was going to be pregnant without a doubt. Not that I cared. I was lost to a sea of ecstasy.

My own cock kept spraying down my throat. The shots were vastly smaller than Fae's, however I didn't care. I was solely focused on the sensations of blazing hot seed filling me from both ends. Part of me wanted something in my ass, just to complete this fulfilling experience. As if to grant my request, I felt Fae's index finger push past the tight ring of muscle. Oh fucking god, she was perfect.

If not for the cock buried in my throat, I'd be kissing her. I'd be telling her how much I wanted her to fill me up, to make me nothing more than a human condom full of cum. As it was, I tried to do just that.

"Yes, come on, fill me up. Make me huge. Bigger and bigger. Don't stop... don't stop cumming in me. Give me your babies!" However, the words came out as little more than gargled moans and grunts. Completely unintelligible. Save for three words that she seemed to understand full well, "I love you." It was as if they served to be a catalyst, sending her into what seemed to be a second orgasm. Despite the first not having finished yet.
