 I awoke in a daze to the jarring sound of a buzzer.

"Wha..?"

Before my eyes even adjusted I could tell I was someplace empty, and small. My voice quickly echoed back to me. I was sitting down too. Not even tied up, just sitting. And the oddest thing was, I could feel I was naked.

My eyes were open now, but they still had a hard time calibrating, like I had been sleeping for years. Still, I could now see the room was white, and very well lit. Almost like the walls themselves were the light-source. In front of me was a very large glass window, and... Holy shit, two people on the other side.

"Hey, what the fuck is this? Hey!"

I could see their shapes turn to me. My eyes finally adjusted, but they were still extremely blurred by the glass. A control panel lay in front of them, and the one on the right reached for a large button before the other one stopped them. Then they both just stared at me, waiting to see what I'd do.

I glanced around the room. It was entirely lined with light-emitting, white tiles. To my right was a large automatic door, with no way to open it from this side. Behind me, towards the ceiling, was a vent. Above the glass in front of me was a speaker, presumably the one that had acted as my alarm clock.

I was sitting on a small metal chair, and like I said, completely naked. I stood up, and began shouting at the two figures.

"Hey! What is this place?!"

They jumped with excitement. The one on the right passed over to the left, and held down a button. The speaker screeched on.

"We...are SCIENTISTS." they said, in a strange accent I couldn't pin down. It was a woman though, I knew that much. A woman with a primitive understanding of my language. The other scientist pushed her aside and chimed in on the speaker.

"We need your help," the scientist, a man, said slowly. "We want to run an experiment. When we are done, you can go back to your planet."

PLANET?! I'm not even on the same planet right now?! Wait... Are these aliens? Of all the things that could have nabbed me on my way home, I got aliens?!

They could tell I was about to have a panic attack. The woman took hold of a switch, and gradually began raising it. A strange, relaxing music filled the room. Like one of those "lucid dreaming" tracks. It got louder and louder until it started making me feel...strange. I collapsed back in my chair, and then she dialed it back down until the music, and the feeling, subsided. The man continued talking meticulously slow.

"The experiment is easy. We chose you, because you are at peak sexual maturity."

What?

He pointed to the automatic door.

"Every two hours, that door will open. A woman will come through. They will not be the same species as you. An alien. They are also volunteers."

"Volunteers", right. But there's more like me? From other planets? God, this just keeps getting weirder.

"You will have sex with these women."

See?

"We have a theory, that your species is especially virile when mating with most other species. But that is not the only experiment. You will do your best to impregnate these women. We will then study them as their infants grow, and release the mothers when they are born."

This is beyond fucked up. So, what, they keep the half-breed alien babies and...study them? I don't even care, but I am NOT doing this.

"We have implanted you with a chip, to insure your compliance. The music we have played has activated this chip. Now, whenever you face a woman, you will have the uncontrollable desire to mate with her. This will be deactivated after the experiment."

I stood up in rage and rushed toward the glass. The woman was taken aback at my aggression, but the man remained still. Good thing I couldn't clearly see the woman, or I might have broken my dick on the glass trying to fuck my way through to her.

"Are you worked up now? Good." said the man. He let go of the speaker button and motioned to the woman. She reproached and pressed a new button. The automatic door whooshed open, and I heard the light footsteps of a female enter before it whooshed back closed. I was to afraid to look over, partly because I knew what I'd do.

"Kyjavvo ni comsa'i." spoke the alien woman proudly. Still watching the glass, I could see the scientists chuckle. The man turned the speaker back on.

"She said, 'fuck me already'." he explained. She must have the implant too. Or, you know...maybe I just look really good to aliens. Nah, I'm good looking, but probably not by alien standards. Though I'd imagine a big cock is universally appreciated.

Eventually, my curiosity overcame me, and I turned to look at her. She was an alien alright. Her skin was pitch black, and vaguely furry (like a pig might be). Her pretty blonde hair was in a loose ponytail, strands falling in her face. Her ears were animalistic and floppy, like a goat. She even had a tail. Her build was perfect. Fit and tight, but with thick and juicy thighs, ass cheeks, and tits. Strange, phosphorescent tribal tattoos winded over every inch of her body. Even her big flaccid cock.

Yeah, she had a dick. But she had a vagina too, right where her taint should have been.

"All members of her species are hermaphrodites." The male scientist chimed in.

Didn't matter to me. Once this implant kicked in, impregnating this alien goddess was all I wanted to do. I was practically in love. I smiled when here big blue eyes went wide with surprise as I rushed over and kissed her deeply on her moist black lips. She giggled and threw her arms and legs around me as I carried her to the chair. Her cock was still soft, but her pussy was practically a waterfall over my now hard dick. Guess she knows what she's needed for.

Her tail swayed as I sat down on the chair, and she sat back, pierced nipples separating from my chest. She lifted up her junk and reached back to her pussy, sliding two fingers in and out as she talked dirty to me in a language I could not understand.

"Im tajka tu pani kyjavvo ni keiko tu'ba nepaki kyjavvo'n yy hamjali go'rana!"

I had no idea what it meant, but in that moment it was the sexiest thing I had ever heard in my life.

She raised herself up for my cock to position underneath her. She sat back down and took it all the way in, her inner thighs meeting my hips. She felt amazing. Her weight insured I was pressed forcefully up into her, my cock twitching inside her moist, supple cocksleeve. We both moaned loud when I smashed into her, much louder than we would have without the implants magnifying our sex drives. Before I could begin thrusting, she leaned in and gave me a passionate kiss, this time our tongues working deeply into each other's mouths.

"Yavi." she moaned as our lips separated. She then sat back up, and twirled around, facing the glass. I could see the woman scientist turn away with embarrassment, but the man continued to watch. Asshole. That didn't stop us though. Now I could see my alien lover from behind, and what a glorious view it was. Her plump ass squished against my waist, her long tail flicking in the air with anticipation. Without me having to move, she began bouncing her ass against me, my cock coming out wet and then slamming back into her. I took hold of her full-figured ass cheeks. She moaned a little when I did, encouraging me to grope and massage her ass as she continued to swallow my cock with it. I spread her bouncing ass apart, revealing her shiny black asshole. With the intense, overwhelmingly perverse lust coursing through me, I plunged my right thumb two knuckles deep into her welcoming ass. 

"Aaaah! Pei!" she screamed. Clearly I had made the right decision. I continued to grope her ass as we fucked on the chair. As I would move and squeeze her moving behind, my thumb would slide in and out of her asshole, like a little dick fucking her. 

Slap! Slap! Slap! With each smack of her ass against me I drew a little closer to ecstasy. My huge cock slid into her inviting cunt with ease, but that didn't reduce the pleasure. If anything it enhanced it. The way it enveloped my cock without choking it, like a warm, moist blanket. She gyrated into me again and again, and I fucked her warm meat holes each time. We weren't even from the same solar system, yet it all came so naturally. As we both neared climax, my dominant, primitive instincts took over. I got up, pushing her to her knees. I lowered down with her and begin pounding her, making her ass slap louder than she ever could. I fucked her gushing pussy and fingered her moist asshole as she begged for more. I needed no invitation.

I noticed her swaying ponytail, getting even messier during our debauchery. I reached forward and took ahold of it, pulling back, causing her to arch her back and take my cock at an angle. Sliding against the sensitive underside of my cockhead. It felt amazing to slam straight into the walls of her pussy, rubbing it and coating my cock in juice.

I gazed over her luscious foreign body, admiring her sweaty black skin, and the way her tattoos' light seemed to pulsate now. I think she was about to cum. Hard. 

I let go of her ponytail and she dropped back down. Thinking it only fair that we cum together, I leaned down closer to her, making it easier to angle down and hit her g-spot (assuming her species had one). Her screams of joy would get us both there. I wrapped my arms around her toned stomach, and began curving down into where it should have been. She suddenly twitched under me. Then, I could feel bucket-fulls of pussy juice squirting and leaking from her pussy. My balls were coated, and they in turn coated her ass. I didn't stop, even though she was practically going to break. I was to close. I noticed her rotund breasts swinging underneath her. They would just barely swing back and bounce against my arms. For some reason, that got me there. I reached forward and took hold of them. 

"Ah, pei! Pikaj tei ana kami! Ana kami!"

My strokes became shorter, but faster and harder. I squeezed and pulled and groped her tits, kissing her back and sucking her neck, until... "AAAaaahhhh." I held my hips against her and unloaded into her pussy, no doubt spurting it up into her uterus. We held each other close for a few moments, laughing and panting heavily. She craned her head up and we began to kiss hard. Her gentle pink tongue entwined with mine, as she giggled and smiled and panted and moaned. Perfection.

After a few minutes, we separated our mouths, and I stood up and pulled out of her. I looked at the glass window. The man wasn't in the small control room anymore, but the woman was now watching me intently. It should have made me uneasy, but right now I was in a horny daze. The alien girl stood up to, coming next to me and resting against my side affectionately, eyeing the woman behind the glass with jealousy. I looked down where we had been fucking, and noticed a small pool of cum. Her's. I guess I fucked her so good that she came both ways. I smiled, and so did she.

The female scientist pressed the button to open the door. It was followed by a "whoosh", and two sets of forceful footsteps. My alien mating partner and I turned to see two men in hazmat-like suits. I couldn't see their faces, but I assumed they were aliens, like the scientists must be. One of them grabbed the alien girl and tore her aggressively from my side. She cried out for me, driven more by lust for my cock than romantic feelings. I tried to go after her as they left the room, but the second man shocked me with some kind of prodding device, and I fell to the ground, unable to move for a few seconds. The last thing I saw of her was the three of them heading through the door, into a small dark room with another door on the other side. Whatever was out there, they didn't want me to be able to see it from here.

The door whooshed closed and I rolled over onto my back in defeat. I stared up at the ceiling for the longest time. There was another door up there, much smaller than the other one. After a while I sat up and saw the woman press a new button. The door above me opened, and a small robotic arm began to lower itself down to me. It was holding a tray.

I scrambled out of its way and stood of to the side. It stopped at waist level. It was carrying a tray of some small portions of food. I didn't recognize any of it, as was to be expected, but it seemed to encompass the basic food groups. Even had some water. With my horniness dying down, I became embarrassingly aware of my nakedness again, and my moist, pussy-smelling cock. I took the glass of water off the tray, and used half of it to clean myself off. I then drank the other half, and went to town on the rest of the meal. After about ten minutes I was finished, and the woman retracted the arm back into the ceiling.

She motioned for me to sit down, and I reluctantly obeyed. The alien woman's cum was still in a small puddle on the floor. Guess they don't do house-keeping.

"You...did...good." she spoke into the speaker's microphone, with some difficulty.

"Where did the other guy go?"

She took a moment to decipher my phrase, then held the button back down and responded.

"On break."

"How much longer do I have to do this?"

She had expected that question, and took out a piece of paper form her lab coat pocket that seemed to contain the answer.

"There will be five women in total."

That's not so bad I guess, assuming they all go like that one did. Still feels wrong being forced into this though.

"Then I get to go home?"

She didn't seem to fully understand the words I was saying, but knew what I was probably getting at.

"Yes."

Okay then. Well, if I can't get free on my own, then this is how it's gotta be. One down, four to go.