 Note: All character(s) depicted here are 18 years of age or older. 

*****

From the Journal of Dan Parker 

August 15th

The time came for me to choose my breeding partner. I had already gone through the various medical tests. They tested everything from my blood to my urine and finally my semen. 

I was sitting in my dorm room of the "New Genesis Academy" when I looked at my tablet screen and it said:

BREEDING COMPATIBILITY LIST COMPILED FOR DAN PARKER

TOTAL COMPATIBLE MATCHES: 542

So, I had over 542 different women to choose from. All of this to save humanity from extinction since the population went from 7 billion down to less than 800 million people. Even still, the situation made me feel like I was shopping for some sort of commodity like the tablet I was using or something else equally marketable. The list was set up horizontally with the pictures of each girl at the left side, their name at the right and when I pressed on the name the window expanded to show more about them. What their likes and dislikes were, their history, academic scores and so on but there was only one woman I wanted in this entire list. 

Her name was Raven Dotch. I had met her at the airport where those of us who were chosen by the United Nations for New Genesis would be bused from the city to the campus which was set in the far off Rocky Mountains. The place was beautiful but not as beautiful as Raven. The first time I saw her, I had bumped into her and we were being watched by the local, national and global news teams who were looking to us, among the other ten thousand students as the hope for humanity's survival. 

She had hair that was a shade of red like I had never seen before. It came down in down to her shoulders in soft curls. Then there were her eyes that were a very deep shade of blue. No one at my old school had eyes like that and I had only heard about this shade from one of my science textbooks that talked about genetic diversity. Her skin was a shade that I could only liken to milky white but then there were her other features that I couldn't help but look at. 

Her blouse was lightly open and since she was knocked over onto her ass like me I could see down it and discover how round and unusually large her breasts were. I can't really claim any knowledge of women's breast cup size or anything like that but if I were to guess, I would say that if I were to cup them, her breasts would overflow over my hands. Yes, they were that big which would have explained why she was wearing such a baggy shirt. If she wore any other kind of shirt it would have been far too tight to contain her breasts and it would have constricted the poor woman. 

Not wanting to look like a total perv, I tried to look away and saw that she was wearing a red plaid skirt along with a red blazer that had a school crest on one of the pockets. I figured that perhaps her old high school had uniforms before coming to New Genesis.

I didn't know what kind of face I was making at the time, but when I got to New Genesis and saw my picture on the news, I saw how really stupid I looked but I knew that would be forgotten pretty easily.

I found Raven's name and pressed on the window and saw it expand. I saw how we shared similar interests: literature, art, comic books, and costuming. Seeing that already made my heart race because not only could I choose her as my partner but we could share so much more. 

Scrolling down in the window to the bottom there was a large bold question:

DO YOU CHOOSE RAVEN DOTCH AS YOUR BREEDING PARTNER?

Beneath this question there was the green "yes" button on the left and the red "No" button on the right. I reached out and pressed "yes" and the window vanished. After the window vanished, so too did the list of dozens of possible women partners vanished as well.

But then something rather surprising came up within moments of pressing that green button. A window popped up in my screen that read:

RAVEN DOTCH HAS ACCEPTED YOU AS HER BREEDING PARTNER.

I suddenly had a very palpable feeling of what it was like for a person to propose marriage and to hear someone say "yes" to it. But then another sensation came over me, "What do I do now?" I set the tablet down and started to pace my room back and forth, back and forth wondering how this whole thing was going to go. And I won't lie I was thinking about all the ways I could fuck her. 

Then I heard a knock at my door that cracked open the silence of my room like lightning on a quiet day. It was such a jolt to me that it made me leap a few inches from where I was pacing and almost made me topple to my left. After allowing my heart to calm down a little I heard another knock. 

Would it be Raven?

Would it be someone from the academy staff? 

The sheer amount of imagined possibilities overwhelmed me to the point of sweating palms when I went to my door. I opened it and saw her; Raven. She was wearing nothing but a simple red robe. Thankfully she didn't have to go far since her dorm room is across the hall from me. Thank whatever force or whomever in the New Genesis breeding program thought that co-ed dorms was a good idea. 

"Hi, Dan," She smiled, "Can I come in?" 

I opened the door and let her in. 

After closing the door she looked at me like she really wanted to say something. 

"Raven?" I began knowing how stupid I sounded.

She came over to me, laying her hand on my shoulder, "Dan...it's okay. This whole situation is very strange to everyone. But...can I confess something?"

"Sure," I said still shaking with anxiety. 

"You're not my first." 

"What?" I asked very confused by what I was hearing and wanting to know what she meant. 

"I've had sex before with other guys when I was in high school before the academy accepted me for the breeding program."

I was taken aback by her honesty. 

"I hope you won't think less of me because of that."

"Not really," I said, "Because I have something to say as well."

I couldn't believe that I was going to say this to someone I had only just met less than a day ago. 

"I've never been with a girl," I said. 

"Really?" She asked sounding like she was taken aback far more than me. 

I came into my very plush dorm room that I would liken to a nice hotel room with the couch in one end, the bed in the other, a table, a desk, a small chest of drawers and a TV set. I saw Raven had sat herself on the couch, the lower hem of the robe not caring about covering up her knees. 

I sat in the desk chair and looked at her unable to hide anything from those beautiful eyes of hers. 

"Yeah," I admitted, "Before, the women at my school didn't really take notice of me. Even when I tried to approach them. But...after I was chosen for New Genesis...things changed. Not only did the women treat me differently but so did the guys. The women looked at me as if I were some kind of freak. And the guys looked at me with such...such..."

"Envy?" She asked sounding like she was expecting the affirmative. 

"Yeah," I said nodding. "Even in my last few days before high school graduation, whenever I came down the hall, the women would stand aside and just...just...stare at me. All because I have the genes for reproduction...and now I'm a celebrity because I can get a woman pregnant."

"Everyone at my school was the same," Raven stated. "The guys kept harassing me like, 'can I try to put a baby into you'. And the girls likened me to a literal cow. They even called me 'Raven-cow'."

I could see how much it hurt her. I came over to her on the couch and wrapped an arm around her. I couldn't help myself but lean in and lay a tender kiss on her cheek. When she felt this, she turned her head towards me and her look that once had melancholy in it started to melt into a weak smile like the first green sprout at the end of winter. She reached out a hand to my cheek and her smile grew. 

"I really am a good judge of character in choosing you, Dan," she said. 

"Thank you," I smiled back, "And I know how big this responsibility is."

"Wouldn't be too far of a stretch to say how much the weight of the world is on us." 

"But at least we'll be well taken care of," I said remembering all the perks that come with the breeding program. That not only will our education be paid for but all forms of child care will be done from pregnancy to childbirth to child rearing. 

She nodded and then stood up and started to take off her robe. Seeing her hands work the belt around her waist made my heart jump and seize like those old cartoon cats that would jump and sink their claws into the ceiling. 

"And from what I read in your profile, Dan," She said opening up her robe, "I think we're gonna have a wonderful baby." 

When she opened her robe I saw her body in its full uncovered glory. Her breasts were enormous and they didn't sag like a water balloon that didn't have enough water in it. Hers were unusually perky despite their size. Going from the breasts I couldn't help but look down to what was between her legs and I saw that she was "clean shaven". 

"I can see that you like what you see of my body, Dan," She teased me. 

"What?" I asked trying to get my cognitive functions to work but they were overpowered by lust. 

She came forward and leaned over and pointed towards my waist line. I looked down and saw how hard my cock was straining against my pants zipper like it wanted nothing more than to breathe in the open air and meet Raven. 

"Um..." I uttered knowing how much of an idiot I sounded like. 

She came over and placed a finger on my lips and shushed me, "Don't worry, Dan. I'll teach you how but now let's get you undressed." 

She got down on her knees and took off my shoes and socks and tossed them aside before standing me up and pulling off my shirt. I still couldn't believe what was happening to me, the fact that this beautiful woman was going to be my breeding partner and far more from the look of it. My mind was swirling with all the things that I knew was going to happen between us. She was down on her knees again fiddling with my belt until she got it undone and then pulled down both my pants and underwear to my ankles and my cock sprung out like an old fashioned jack-in-the-box. 

"Oooh," She said looking at my cock and even doing a mime of fanning herself, "Mercy me, Dan." 

"Am I that big?" I asked knowing how much bigger a lot of other guys are. 

"Well," She said gripping it and the head of my shaped resting at the edge of her closed fingers. "I can say this, you're not long." 

My ego was starting to shrink and I knew that my cock wouldn't be that far behind. 

"But," She added, "You are very...very...thick. I'd call you 'meaty'." 

"Is that good?" I asked. 

"Honey," She said looking up at me and lightly stroking it, "If I wanted something long and thin I would use a pencil in my pussy. But your cock is exactly the kind I want."

She leaned forward and started to kiss the tip, her hands squeezing the shaft and already I could see the slick precum oozing and leaking out of me. Raven leaned in and stuck the very tip of her tongue out into my dick hole. Pulling back and smacked her lips and licked them as well. 

"Hmm, and good tasting spunk," She said, "I'll have to see if I can have you cum in my mouth after you plant your seed inside me." 

She then opened her mouth and what happened next made my knees so weak that I thought I was going to fall to the floor. She had opened her mouth and wrapped them around my cock and begun to suck. The sensation against the skin of my cock was intoxicating. I could feel myself grow dizzy and weak but all the while smiling. 

I could feel her lips pulling away from my cock and I looked down to see why she stopped. 

"Let's move this over to the bed." She winked and got up and walked over to the bed swaying her hips and making sure I was watching her ass. She then looked over her shoulder and gave her ass a smack like she was being spanked. 

"Come and get some, lover," She flirted. 

I needed no other encouragement and I came over to the bed and lay down upon it. She crawled over and on top of me. I wondered if she was going to move down and suck more on my cock but then she looked down at me. 

"You know...I saw you staring at my breasts when we met," She said continuing to smirk at me. "Don't worry, everyone stares. After all, a lady of 19 shouldn't have breasts this big, but I do. So, do you like them?"

"Yes," I uttered almost ashamed of what I was admitting to. My hands started to move on their own reaching up to her breasts wanting to cup them. 

"Go ahead," She encouraged, "You can touch them. Cup them. Squeeze them. Fondle them. I am your breeding partner after all. Nothing of me is off limits to you now." 

I reached up and started to at first squeeze them. My hands squeezed them tighter and tighter. 

"Ow!" She uttered. 

"Raven?" I asked.

"It's okay. You're just squeezing me too hard." She said reaching up to one of my wrists, "You can squeeze them, hon, but don't do it too hard. A woman's breasts are sensitive. And just you wait until my tits start filling up with milk."

"Milk?" I asked.

I remember hearing about such a thing in sex ed but I couldn't help but say it again.

"Oh, honey," She said shaking her head, "I'm gonna have to teach you a lot of things. And don't worry, when I get pregnant, if you're curious, you can try a little of my milk." 

"Thank you," I said unsure if I was saying the appropriate thing. After all, my mind was filled with thoughts of sex, fucking, sucking, fingering and so much more. 

"Then, come here and have a little practice," She said bringing her breasts over my face. Her nipples pointing at me and they were starting to press against my cheeks. I could feel that they were about as hard as the rubber tips of pencil erasers. Following her lead, I opened my mouth and started to suckle on one of them. 

"Yes," She said in heaving sighs, "That's it. Suckle on them, Dan. Milk me...milk my tits with your mouth." 

I could then feel her hand trailing down my chest and then resting against my cock. Her fingers started to run up and down my shaft and then they rested and started to tickle the wrinkled texture of my scrotum. My mind was in sex overdrive and my hands came up and started to squeeze her tits more and more. And that's when I forgot about the ideas of sensitivity. 

"Ow!" She cried out, "Easy there, hon. Seriously, I need to teach you a little more self control. Remember my sensitivity." 

"I'm sorry," I said pulling away from the tit I was suckling upon. 

She leaned down and kissed my forehead, "It's okay, just try to hold back. But now, since this is your first time, let's try to make this as good for you as possible." 

I could feel her pulling away from me and she laid down on the bed next to me. This is where I think the designers of the academy knew that the students would be getting up to this sort of thing since my bed was king sized and I'm pretty sure her bed was king sized as well. With her on her back she looked over at me smiling. 

"This is called 'missionary'," She said, "where I'm on my back and you'll be on top of me."

"I know what that's called," I said giggling, "I do have the internet after all."

She giggled as well and gave a light slap to my shoulder, "I'm just teasing you."

Her hand came back down once again to my cock and did the same trailing and tickling motion she did while I was sucking on her tits. Had she done more of this I think I might have climaxed at that moment, but I didn't. Instead, I rolled over, got onto my hands and knees and looked at her with my cock pointing towards her pussy.

"Are you ready?" I asked.

She smiled bringing her hand up to my face, "I'm ready if you are, my breeding partner."

Breeding partner. The title was one I had thought was so vulgar in how it made all of us students here into commodities. But hearing her say it, she sweetened it like sugar in coffee. 

"I am," I said still feeling nervous. 

"Then..." she said putting her arms around my neck, "Put it in me." 

I lowered my hips a little and started to push myself into her but it didn't seem to be as easy as they make it seem in porno. I tried to push harder thinking that she was tight or something like that. 

"Down a little," She said wincing.

"Sorry," I whispered before moving my cock in the direction she said and that was when everything became easier. The head of me slipped in with such ease and that was when I had reached complete heaven. The inside of her was incredibly wet but also warm like a combination of velvet, silk and very warm water. 

"Oh fuuuuuuuck..." I made a long uttering feeling myself become completely limp except for the part of me that was connected to her. 

"Oh my fucking god," She whispered to me, "I can feel your cock stretching my sides. And I think my pussy is in love with you. Now pull out."

"But I just got in," I protested.

"I mean pull out a little and then thrust back in," She said, "I thought you said you had the internet."

She did have a point, I guess in my pleasure fogged mind, it didn't occur to me at that moment what she was talking about but just like being a good student, I followed her lead and did as she instructed. I pulled out a little bit and then pushed forward. 

"Hhhhhnnnnggg..." She grunted, "Yes, Dan. You learn quick. Now go faster and go harder."

I did just that; I pulled back and went in faster and harder with my hips. I didn't care of the slight fatigue I was feeling in my hips and abs. But in feeling it I knew that I should do more working out if I'm going to do more with Raven. And that's not all I knew that needed to be worked upon for I could feel the coming climax. I could feel my balls tighten and I could feel the rising pressure inside me.

"Raven!" I grunted feeling my entire body starting to go stiff, "I think..."

"Cum inside me, Dan!" Raven cried out digging her nails into my back and her legs wrapped around my waist while I pushed more and more into her pussy. "I wanna milk the cum out of your cock with my pussy."

Hearing her talk like that had driven me madder with lust and my hips started to buck into her faster and faster. 

"Cum in my pussy!" She screamed, "Plant your seed inside me! Cum inside me, Dan! MAKE ME THE MOTHER OF YOUR CHILD!"

And with that, I couldn't hold back any longer. My body had grown as rigid as a board, the pressure within me had burst inside her and I let out an incredibly long and satisfying pleasurable groan. 

"Fucking fuck..." I uttered feeling my cock slip out of her in the sheer wetness of our combined sexes. 

But when I pulled completely back, I wondered about her and she must have sensed it as well because she held onto me and looked into my eyes before kissing me. 

"You did well for your first time," She said, "And I have a pretty good feeling that you'll get me pregnant really quick." 

"If not," I said kissing her some more, "I think we'll have plenty of time to keep trying." 

Pulling back I laid beside her and holding her thinking about what was to come. The idea of her being pregnant somehow aroused me even more and the idea of her breasts filling with milk made me want to suck on them. Maybe there was something wrong with me but I found that idea sexy. But the thoughts soon bled into what would change for us. When a pair of breeding partners become pregnant they are moved to another part of the dormitories for partners and expecting parents. And our children would be born into a world where it would be up to them to repopulate the world that had lost the ability to reproduce. I reached out for Raven's hand and clasped it wondering more about the future but that was soon pushed away when I thought about the pleasure of the present. 
