 Edited by Silverman

Valerie was the rookie of the exploration team. They left her behind to take care of the mothership while the rest of her crew landed on the planet to explore an abandoned space station. The large old structure was not registered in any of the federation charts and it wasn't sending any identification signal as was mandatory for every civilized construction.

The team had been gone for three days and Valerie was bored out of her mind. She just walked around in her underwear feeling sexy, checking the monitors in the command center and hoping this mission would end soon.

Why are they taking so long to check the station? It didn't look that big in the structure scan,  Valerie wondered.

Suddenly, a blurry image popped on the screen startling Valerie. It was Hanna, one of the youngest on the team and Valerie's best friend. The signal was weak and the sound of Hanna's voice wasn't clear but it was evident that she was in distress. 

"Valerie! Are you there?! Can you hear me?" 

"Hanna! Are you ok?" Valerie responded immediately.

"I need your hel...bzzzz..." Hanna's signal started to fade off.

"What? Hanna, I can't hear you..."

"...fzzz...ease ...you have to get me out of h...bzzffzzz... something is comi...zzzzt."

The image vanished. Valerie knew that Hanna was in real trouble and she had to do something fast.

Despite her orders to stay put, Valerie jumped in one of the smaller carriers and headed down to the isolated planet. She was scared but her friend was in danger and she couldn't just stay here doing nothing. She would deal with the consequences later. Valerie thought about Hanna's words...

What did she mean when she said "something is coming"? It seemed that Hanna was alone down there. Where the hell was everyone else? 

Valerie landed near the southeast entrance. As she entered the station, she noticed the old and rusty pipes. It was evident that this place had not been used in a long time but still there was a low humming sound coming from somewhere.

This section is empty. Maybe I should have started the search at the other side,  Valerie thought.

Not far from the doorway, Valerie found a strange looking object inside a small room adjacent to the main corridor. It appeared to be some sort of plant resembling a large, metallic cocoon. She couldn't tell if it was dead or alive.

 Wow! This thing could be worth something. I must tell the others about this... if I can find them. 

While she moved closer to the plant, analyzing its exterior, another menacing creature silently approached Valerie from behind.

The surface looks hard,  Being so inexperienced with field operations, Valerie became too distracted by the plant. She never realized she was in imminent danger.

The monster got closer. It was some sort of humanoid with long arms and a large mouth full of teeth. He was hungry and he wasn't going to let her escape. The creature stopped right behind Valerie with his clawed hand already in the air, ready to strike a single, fatal hit.

Even then, Valerie was still unaware of the monster's presence. She was looking the other way, touching the surface of the plant with her gun.  Maybe it's so old that it got petrified.  

Suddenly, with a lightning fast movement, the plant opened up and a swift tentacle darted forward, penetrating the monster's chest. Valerie was thrown back to the floor while she tried to understand what was going on...

"What the hell!!" She screamed.

The creature screamed painfully as the tentacle plunged deep into his chest and ripped it open.

In a matter of seconds, the monster was lying on the ground, dead. Valerie realized in shock what just happened. She had been a fool to let that creature get so close to her. It was a miracle that she was still alive, but maybe not for long...

"Where the hell did this thing come from?!"

Valerie tried to reach for her gun but she saw the bloody tentacle pulled out from the dead monster's chest and curve on her direction. She remained quiet and immobile, analyzing her options...

This plant saved my life... but maybe just to kill me next. I'll try to slowly get out of here. 

But the plant was not about to let her go. It moved its tentacle around Valerie's waist and pulled her closer.

"Oh, crap!"

The plant began to explore her body, sliding inside her clothes, trying to understand Valerie's body configuration. Another tentacle protruded from the plant's body and lifted her top exposing her right breast.

"Hey! Stop that!"

After removing her top completely, one more appendage slipped under her shorts and ripped them off.

"Shit! This freaking thing is undressing me. This is not good!"

The plant had figured out how Valerie's body worked. With one tentacle firmly wrapped around her waist, it moved the other closer to her crotch...

"Oh, no. What the hell is it doing? Don't you dare..."

...and penetrated deep into her vaginal cavity, stretching her pussy lips wide to accommodate the thick circumference of the tentacle.

"Ahhh!"

The lubricated tentacle began to twist and stretch within Valerie's pussy. The pain from the sudden penetration quickly subsided as her body got used to the uncommon size of the flexible phallus.

After a few minutes of being ravished by this alien plant, Valerie was more than surprised to realize that she was beginning to enjoy the pumping motion of the rubbery appendage. Every penetration felt better than the previous one while the young woman moaned in rhythm with the forceful strokes.

"Ahh! God! I can't believe I'm enjoying this"

Valerie was a little disappointed when she felt a sudden emptiness as the tentacle withdrew from her pussy and moved behind her. She was forced to bend over and when she looked back, her heart jolted as she saw two tentacles ready to plug into both of her holes.

Valerie gasped just before the large phalluses penetrated her deeper than she thought possible! 

Valerie opened her eyes wide. Her mouth also opened but no sound came out. She remained motionless, trying to cope with the astonishing feeling of the fat tentacles squirming inside of her body.

Soon, the plant's appendages resumed their rhythmic motion, one in opposite direction from the other, in, out, in, out, fast and hard. Despite the awkward situation, the young explorer felt a hint of pleasure spark again within her loins as she found her voice again, shamefully moaning in response.

"Ahh, ahh..."

An hour later, Valerie couldn't care less about where she was. Her last thread of shame was long gone and she was certain that an orgasm was approaching fast. She wanted it. She almost couldn't wait for it...

At last, she exploded in a powerful climax!! Everything became blurry. Her pussy and ass twitched spasmodically around the rubbery tentacles, which kept pumping her body relentlessly, prolonging the delightful pleasure until it became unbearable and she collapsed to the floor. 

*****

While Valerie recovered from the overwhelming orgasm, the plant's tentacles wrapped around her legs. The pretty woman lifted her head, worried that the horny plant wanted another session. What she saw made her heart shudder with fear...

A mouth like tentacle emerged from the center of the plant and approached her in a menacing manner.

"Oh my God! It's going to eat me!!"

The toothless mandible got closer while Valerie tried desperately to pull away but the tentacles had a firm grip on her legs. 

"This is no way to die! I knew it was too good to be true..."

But the plant was not planning to eat her. The special tentacle attached firmly to her pussy and seconds later, Valerie felt many tiny tendrils caressing her pussy lips and pulling them apart. 

"Ehh?"

The confused woman let out a gasp, both from relief and from the pleasurable feeling on her clit. But she didn't relax for long. Valerie saw a big swelling that moved within the tendril. The tentacle sections expanded to let some round object slide through the hollow tube in her direction.

"Oh, no!! What is that?"

Moments later, Valerie felt something pushing at her pussy and spreading her wider than ever before, until the mysterious object slipped into her lubricated cavity. Her belly swelled slightly to accommodate the strange thing. 

The pretty woman watched a second lump slide towards her through the tentacle...

Oh God! Here comes another one.

In despite of this, her pussy jolted with anticipation as if it had a life of its own.

Valerie couldn't deny the enjoyable feeling of the tiny tendrils wrapped around her pussy lips and her clitoris, pulling them open to allow the new slippery object slowly penetrate her body, stretching her love canal wide and forcing her womb to elongate and expand.

Valerie's eyes rolled up as her second orgasm of the night went off, starting in her pussy and spreading all over her trembling body.

Moments later, Valerie lay unconscious on the floor while the plant continued its work, undisturbed by the subject's condition. 

*****

A while later, Valerie woke up, not sure where she was. She felt tired and heavy. A quick look around helped her remember.

I better get away from here before this thing decides to go for another round. 

I can't believe this. A freaking plant got me pregnant! Well, better this than killed by that horrible monster. 

When Valerie was a few hundred yards away from the plant, she evaluated her situation. Maybe she should go back to the mothership and call for help. But Hanna needed her and she couldn't leave her behind like that...Then she realized that she had forgotten her gun!

Shit! The gun! The hell with it... I'm not going back there! 

"Ouch!! Something is moving inside my belly!"

The scared woman started to feel contractions in her pelvic area, first mild and soft but increasingly stronger. Then she felt fluid dribbling down her thighs.

"Oh crap! I'm leaking something!"

Valerie felt her vaginal cavity expand as one of the objects that rested in her womb, traveled down her body and protruded between her lubricated pussy lips.

"Shit! I'm giving birth to some...thing. It's so big!!"

It was an egg! A round, greenish, slimy egg was being pushed out of Valerie's pussy, moving inch by inch with each powerful contraction.

The slim woman was in shock, as a mixture of pain and pleasure cluttered her mind. The wider section of the egg was already out and only one last contraction was necessary to push it free.

At last, the egg splashed down to the floor within the puddle of thick slime that cushioned its fall.

Valerie looked down as she recuperated from the stressful birth.

"It's a freaking egg! Or maybe it's a seed considering it was a plant that put it inside of me."

Valerie was quick to put things together and realized what her role was in the bizarre ordeal she was going through.

Now I get it. The plant saved my life by killing that monster just because it needed me. It is using me to spread it's seeds around the same way earth plants use birds and other animals. Shit! I just hope it didn't put too many of them inside of me. 

Valerie kept walking and reached another section of the station. She froze in astonishment at the scene she bumped into.

"Oh, my God!"

One of the crewmembers, Abigail, was being ravished by a large, reptile-like, monster. 

"Abigail!! Oh, God! The monster is fucking her!"

Surprisingly, instead is trying to fight it, Abigail seemed to be enjoying it immeasurably. She grabbed one of her breasts while the creature thrust hard at her pussy.

Is she moaning from pleasure? He's pumping her so hard, it's gonna break her in two. 

Then, the creature turned it's head...

Oh Shit! The monster is looking at me!!" Be brave Valerie. Don't make sudden moves...

After Valerie realized that the monster was a lot more interested in fucking her friend than attacking her, she started to walk very slowly beside them, trying to get to the other side of the room.

How can she take that enormous cock inside of her? She is so besieged, that she doesn't even know I'm here. 

The creature followed Valerie's every move but never stopped pounding Abigail's body, even as he shifted her to a different position.

"Jesus! He is manipulating her like a rag doll"

I wonder how long this monster's cock is. I can almost see Abigail's belly being pushed out with every stroke. 

On the other side of the hall, Valerie stared at her friend's exertions for a moment. She imagined having that enormous phallus inside of her, pumping in and out, hard and deep. Her pussy stirred involuntary just thinking about it.

Abigail didn't need to imagine anything. She could feel the monster's cock penetrating her body as deep as possible. At that moment she didn't care who it was or what it was that ravished her so delightfully. She just wanted it to go on forever...

But nothing lasts forever. The monster shoved his cock one last time and exploded in ecstasy, filling her womb with so much sperm that it sprayed out from her pussy in every direction.

As Abigail felt the hot fluid churning and flowing inside of her, she reached her own overwhelming orgasm.

"Ahhhhg..."

Valerie watched the scene with incredulity and decided to move on. There was nothing she could do to help her friend and she wasn't even sure that Abigail wanted to be helped at all.

I better go. I don't want this monster to consider the possibility of having a threesome. 

The hall led to a narrower passage that was blocked by a door. 

"How the hell can I open this?"

Suddenly, Valerie felt another jolt in her belly.

"Oh crap! Not again..."

Her contractions increased in strength and frequency while another egg began to slide down the girl's vaginal cavity, rubbing and expanding her inner walls. Valerie was surprised to learn that it felt a lot more pleasurable than the previous time, as if her body was adapting to the situation.

Valerie's pussy lips twitched around the slippery egg, keeping it trapped for a moment, lingering half way in, half way out...

...Until both the egg and the woman collapsed to the floor.

"Shit! I hope it was the last one."

Unexpectedly, the door opened automatically; leading to another hall similar to the first one.

This place is certainly big. 

The explorer entered the next room and the first thing she saw, was an alien woman with blue skin strapped to a chair inside an insulation room. She had seen that species before.

"Wow! A Sirkalian woman! What the hell is she doing here?"

Valerie approached the glass window that separated the main corridor from the room.

She looks pregnant like I was. Maybe the alien plant got to her too. But why is she inside this room? 

She is just staring up at the ceiling. She seems to be under some sort of trance. Something very strange is going on in this station. 

Without any warning, a swift tentacle smashed against the thick-glass window scaring Valerie.

"Ahh!"

The glass was strong enough to resist the strike and to keep the creature contained inside but Valerie took a step back anyway.

"What the hell?!"

She watched as a weird monster that looked like a green tube with tentacles all over its body, turned around and got closer to the mesmerized alien woman.

The creature climbed on top of the chair and aligned one of its tentacles with the woman's pussy.

"Shit! The monster is going to fuck her. So that's why she is pregnant!"

As the Sirkalian woman felt the tentacle penetrating her, she moved for the first time, opening her eyes wide and letting out a loud gasp.

"Damn! She is awake!"

The alien woman moaned and shivered from the feeling of the creature's tentacle squirming and twisting inside of her, searching, feeling. The monster was just making sure that everything was developing correctly in her womb.

Valerie observed the scene behind the safety of the thick glass. She started to see a pattern in all that had happened so far. 

This is so freaking weird! Everything in this station has something to do with sex. 

I can only imagine what is growing inside of that poor woman. 

Inside the enthralled woman's womb, a small replica of the monster shifted to a different position and snuggled in the warm comfort of its temporary home.

Valerie kept moving...

I have to find Hanna before something like this happens to her. 

She climbed down to a lower level and as she turned her head she saw something that filled her with joy...

Another crewmember, Madison, was walking calmly in her direction. Valerie couldn't be happier to see a familiar face. Someone that could explain to her what was going on and where was everyone else ...

"Maddy! I'm so happy to see you. Are you ok? Where is everyone?"

...or so she thought. Madison walked closer to her with an expressionless face. It only took Valerie a second to see a small tendril hanging over Madison's chest. Valerie followed the tendril with her eyes, and soon realized that there was something attached to the back of her friend's skull.

"Oh my God! Madison! What's that on your head?!"

Madison didn't respond to that or any other question. She just stood there like a zombie, waiting for Valerie to move out of her way. Valerie waved a hand in front of Madison's face, hoping for some reaction...

"Hey! Can you hear me??"

But the only answer she got was a hasty strike from the tendril that passed inches from her hand!

"Fuck!"

After that, Valerie decided to step aside and Madison robotically walked forward.

That thing on the back of her head has complete control of her. I better follow them. Maybe she'll lead me to Hanna. 

But Madison didn't go far. Just a few steps ahead, she knelt down to the floor and waited.

What is she doing?  Valerie wondered.

The answer came quickly!

An enormous scorpion-like creature walked closer to Madison. It moved slowly, without any hurry, as if he knew that his mate would wait for him as long as necessary. Valerie tried unsuccessfully to pull her friend away.

"Shit!! Come' on Maddy! Let's go!!"

When the monster got too close, Valerie took a few steps back and watched as the bug's tail curved down and approached Madison's pussy. Valerie was almost certain about what was going to happen next and she decided to stay. Maybe she could help her friend afterwards.

Jesus! I hope it doesn't kill her with that thing! 

The tip of the bug's tail opened up to let out a fat proboscis...

Oh God! 

...that penetrated Madison's pussy with a single forceful stroke!

Madison barely made a sound but her eyes rolled up into her head, a clear indication that her numbed mind was still able to feel everything.

After just a few minutes of strong fucking, the monster sprayed a big gush of sperm inside Madison's cavity. Valerie could hear the fluid bubbling inside her friend's body and it was even stranger when a little trickle of semen rolled down Madison's opened mouth.

"This is fucking impossible!"

After her body was completely full, Madison sat on the metallic floor and remained immobile for a moment. Her eyes fluttered for a few seconds and then...

What is she doing now? 

...she lay on the floor facing up. The smaller creature detached from the back of her head and carefully walked across her chest and belly.

The little bug turned around and inserted its tale deeply inside Madison's flooded pussy.

Valerie could clearly distinguish something sliding inside the bug's tale towards her friend's body. But she couldn't get closer to stop it since the big monster was right there, standing guard.

"Oh, no! The little one is placing an egg in Madison's womb!"
