 Jakob sat by the fire in the clearing quietly warming himself. He had been wandering these mountains for days and was hopelessly lost. The solitude was starting to get to him. He was seeing things, impossible things in the forest shadows. Eyes in tree bark opening and closing, fluttering wings in the edge of his vision that could not belong to any creature he had ever seen.

He shifted closer to the fire, contemplating his next move. Though he had spent much of his life outdoors, he had never actually been lost before and was totally unsure of how to proceed. He sighed loudly.

All the forest's noises stopped abruptly and he immediately regretted the sigh. He huddled closer to the comforting fire. A snapping twig had him sitting bolt upright, turning his head towards the sound. His hand instinctually moved to the bow next to him on the ground.

The sun was not yet set, but the shadows wore deep as his eyes scanned the edge of the clearing. He thought he saw something move. He stared at that shadowy spot for several minutes.

"Hello?" He called out softly. Yes, something definitely moved, right there. A person? "Hello, I can see you. Come out, I won't hurt you." Jakob hoped desperately that this was not his imagination playing with him again, as with all the things he had thought he had seen before. He was aching for company.

Slowly, the figure in the shadow seemed to stand. It was still largely obscured, but seemed female. "Are you lost, too?" He called out. 

No response.

"Come sit by the fire. I won't hurt you." He spread his arms wide to show that he held no weapons, hoping she could not make out the bow next to him.

Without seeming to move a muscle, the figure melted out of the shadow and into the light. Jakob inhaled sharply at the impossible sight before him. This... could not be real.

Slowly walking towards him, the figure had shoulder length auburn hair, sparkling hazel eyes and wore nothing but a shy smile. Even harder to believe, she was covered from the waist down in short brown fur, right down to her shimmering black cloven hooves. Her fur matched the hair and she bore two curled horns that sprouted from her temples and curved gracefully back.

Jakob blinked slowly as she approached, then rubbed his eyes and shook his head. She paused at the movement, seeming unsure. As he dropped his hands and resumed staring, she slowly continued forward, stopping a few feet from him and crouching down.

She seemed entranced by the dancing flames, yet unwilling to not watch him. Warily, she glanced back and forth. Despite her strangeness, she was hauntingly beautiful. Not to mention undeniably nude. The firelight danced across her perfect skin, her nipples a bit stiff from the evening chill. Shock overcoming propriety, he noticed that between her deer-like legs was a very human looking sex organ.

"What are you?" he whispered. She started, twitching as if she might run. Slowly, she relaxed again.

"I am a fawn... what are you?" she whispered meekly. A fawn. Impossible. Only superstitious fools gave credit to such fairy tales. And yet... there she was.

"I'm a man. My name is Jakob."

"My name is Breya." She smiled softly and her cheeks flushed a bit. "I have never seen a man before."

Jakob chuckled. "I have never seen a fawn before, Breya. To be honest, I never believed such things could be real." At this, she turned her head to stare into the flames, looking sad. The forest sounds, which had started gain unnoticed, now seemed deafeningly loud in his ears at her silence.

"When men stop believing in magic, it dies." she finally whispered. He found his heart aching with sadness and longing. He wanted to touch her, to hold her and kiss her lips, to tell her all would be well. The urge was overwhelming, yet he held still and silent as she continued. "The Elders say that we once lived among men. But we were hunted and slaughtered. Or taken prisoner and never seen again. If we are taken from our forests, we die. Now, we hide from men, and our world dwindles away as we are forgotten." Jakob wondered how anyone could ever wish to harm such a beautiful creature.

He must have wondered out loud because she smiled and turned back to face him again. "I showed myself to you because I sensed the truth in your words. That you would not hurt me." His eyes strayed once again to her sex, his own loins stirring at the sight. he held out his hand for hers. Flushing again slightly, she took it and crept forward until she was nearly in his lap.

He ran his fingers through her hair, gently brushing his lips against hers. She stiffened for a moment, seeming unsure, then melted into his kiss with a sigh, body pressing against his. Her long ears quivering as she moaned softly against his lips.

Slowly, the two sank down into his blanket as he slid his hand across her back, down to the twitching tuft of a tail at her perfectly shaped rear.

He could hear her heart racing as he slowly trailed his lips down her neck and across her chest in a meandering path of licks, kisses and nibbles. She drew in a sharp breath and arched her back as he drew a nipple into his mouth, swirling his tongue around it as it hardened.

His hand slid down her belly, moving across her tantalizingly soft fur until his fingers found her glistening sex. As his fingertips brushed across her clit, she clutched tightly at his shoulders, spreading her soft legs wider. A sound somewhere between a moan and a purr emanated from her throat.

Lazily, he trailed his fingertips across her sex, tracing her silky smooth lips and teasing her clit as he sucked gently on her nipples. Her hands gripped his hair, soft gasps escaping her lips every time his finger touched her clit. She raised her hips against his hand, whispering breathlessly, "More..."

Slowly he let her nipples slide from his mouth, grazing her tender nub with his teeth before crawling down between her legs. He inhaled deeply, eyes closing as her scent filled his senses. She smelled intoxicatingly sweet, a combination of musk, flowers and a summer's breeze. Spreading her lips with his fingers, he looked up into her wide hungry eyes. She bit her bottom lip in anticipation as he brought his mouth to her glistening sex.

As his tongue slid between her lips, she threw her head back with a throaty cry. Her entire body quivered as he moved his tongue up and down her slit, her fists clutching the blanket beneath them. When he slipped a finger inside of her and pressed his tongue against her clit, she cried out again, hips bucking against him. He could feel the rush of her sweet nectar coating his finger and quickly moved to lap it up.

Her taste was unlike anything he had ever experienced. Sweet as honey, if one could taste the scent of a field of wildflowers, he imagined it would be like this. His head swam as if intoxicated, and he ached to have her, to possess her, certain that nothing else would ever taste sweet to him after this drinking in of her sex.

"Please," she gasped, her body shaking with the aftershocks of her climax. "Please, take me!" She groaned almost painfully as he pulled his tongue from between her silken folds and knelt between her legs. He slipped his tunic over his head. She stared at him, licking her lips hungrily, watching as the firelight danced across his muscled chest. She felt her clit spasm as he dropped his trousers and wriggled out of them, nearly cumming again just from the sight of his throbbing cock.

Laying back with her furry legs spread invitingly, bracing her hooves against the ground to lift her hips for him, she reached out for him, guiding his cock to her sweet entrance. As he slowly pressed into her, she cried out in ecstasy again, digging her nails into his back.

"Gods!" she gasped, arching her back as he slowly began thrusting into her "I had no idea... no idea it would be like this!" he brushed his lips across hers.

"Is this your first time with a man, Breya?"

"It's my first... oh Gods... my first time ever..." she moaned uncontrollably as a more gentle climax washed over her. Jakob kissed her again, so tenderly, brushing his fingers through her hair.

"Then I want it to be memorable." He kissed and nibbled his way across her throat, his cock sliding in and out of her, she gripping him tightly as they made love.

After several minutes of this, with her whimpering and moaning at his tender ministrations, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her up, leaning back until she was in his lap with her legs wrapped around him, grinding slowly against him.

"Oh Gods! Again!" she gasped, leaning her head back with another throaty cry. She quaked in his arms for a moment before whispering "Lay back, Jakob."

Straightening his legs out before him, he leaned back until his head and shoulders rested on the cool grass with her on her knees, straddling him. She leaned forward very slowly, her palms resting on his chest to kiss him tenderly. "Let's warm up this night, my love."

Leaning back, she rode back and forth, one hand squeezing her small breasts, the other tangling in her hair as she leaned her head back, crying out repeatedly. Jakob held onto her softly furred hips, groaning as wave upon wave of uncontrollable pleasure radiated out throughout his body.

He could not tear his eyes from her, watching the firelight playing across her skin, highlighting the thin sheen of perspiration covering her torso. He was struck dumb by her incredibly sensual beauty as she cried out again and again. He could only stare. He felt his loins roiling, screaming at him to fill her with his seed. But he held back, gritting his teeth, wanting this sensation to last for the rest of his life.

She could feel him pulsating inside of her and screamed into the night "Oh Gods, Jakob! Take me! Fill me!"

Their joined cries of passion echoed throughout the mountain forest as he thrust his hips upwards, lifting her knees off the ground with the force of it, spilling his seed deep inside of her as she clenched down tightly on him, riding faster, screaming out yet another climax.

Collapsing on top of him, she nuzzled into his neck as they both panted. "Oh, Jakob... my love... I wish this moment could last forever," she murmured as her eyes closed. He wanted to agree, to say he, too, wanted that. But all he could do with kiss her hair as he fell into a deep sleep, holding her tightly.

The sun was rising as he opened his eyes. The fire had burned down and was barely smoldering. She was gone. Jakob's heart ached, and he sighed longingly. He could think of nothing else but of her, holding her, having her forever. He sat for a long moment, wanting to go searching for her when it dawned on him.

"I think I understand now how men could hunt you," he called out to the forest, unsure if she could even hear him from wherever she was. "Every part of me wants to have you, but I know I never can. I will always remember you, Breya! And I will believe!"

As if in answer, only moments later, he heard the whinny of a horse. Dressing hurriedly, he made his way towards the sound to find a merchant who offered to guide him back to town. Jakob cast one more longing glance behind him before following the man down the road.

Far from the road, far from the clearing, deep within the forest sat Breya. She dipped her hooves into the cool water of a sacred stream, absently rubbing her belly.

"I wish you could now him," she murmured softly, seemingly to no one in particular. She smiled sadly, caressing her belly tenderly. "But it could never be. Someday, when you are grown, I will tell you about your father."