 All people, places and things are fictional, Etc. Authors note will be at the end. Fair warning, there is LOTS of dialog here.

==================================================



He stood over the bed, staring at her. Her dark red locks cascaded around her head and splayed on the sateen sheets. Her face was a tranquil, porecelain mask of peace as she lay waiting. The dark colored sheet lay across her, softly covering what he somehow knew was her nude body beneath. Cautiously he reached out a hand and began slowly pulling the sheet towards the foot of the bed.

It slid smoothly, revealing her graceful neck, shoulders and the tops of her generous bosom. He could feel his manhood stirring as he slowly revealed her magnificent breasts. Her areolae were dark, nearly the same color as her hair, and a stark contrast to her pale skin. Her nipples quickly began to contract and become erect in the cool air, standing proud by a good half-inch.

He could not help it, he stared hat her, unmoving, as he continued to draw down the sheet, revealing her flat stomach, generous hips and...

 'Brian?'

He snapped out of his vision to see her standing there, looking at him. 'Oh,' he said shifting in his seat. 'Sorry, Ms. O'rourke. I guess I drifted off there.' She was his professors TA. She was a beautiful junior in college with flowing red curls (currently bound in a thick pony tail), cute face, stunning body and about as far out of his league as he could imagine.

'And what were you thinking about? Not our lesson I suppose?'

'Umm... Well... Domes.'

'Domes?'

'Yeah. How they have to made at least bi-laterally symmetrical or they will fall. The pillars and buttresses have to strong enough to support them, as does the ground they're built on. Not only that, but the dome atop a dome, like the capital building? Those are amazing. The larger dome not only has to have its own support but provide enough for the smaller one atop it.'

She looked at him for a moment. 'Well, all that may be true but it doesn't really pertain to the geometric issue I've been trying to explain to you.'

'I guess you're right Ms. O'Rourke.'

'Your mind is just not here today, Brian. Let's call it a day. Have a good weekend.'

'I'll do my best.' I walked out of the humid classroom into the halls and then outside. It was cooler here and I hastily walked back to my shared apartment, only to find a tie on the knob and what could only be described as moaning coming from the other side of the door. 'Dammit, Dennis, I muttered.' If the sounds I was hearing and past experience meant anything, they wouldn't be done anytime soon. I wrote a quick note on a piece of paper with 'Call me' written on it, slipped the note under the door and stalked back out.

I walked slowly over to a diner on the far side of the quad, just enjoying the crisp spring day, watching people studying or playing Frisbee or making out on a blanket. Shortly I arrived at the diner, one of those retro 50's themes things that are all pastels and chrome, ordered a burger and a coffee and sat there, brooding. Stupid Dennis and his stupid girl keeping me out of the stupid apartment with their stupid f...

'Brian?'

Looking up, I was surprised to see her outside of the classroom. I mean I knew she had a life but... 'Oh, hey Ms. O'Rourke. long time.'

She smiled a warm smile, 'yeah, it's been, what, an hour?' She walked over and made as if to sit down and then stopped, 'Oh, sorry, I'm being rude. Are you waiting for someone?'

'No. Well, I guess yes but not here. Sure, sit.'

She sat on one of the chromed chairs and said 'I've never been here. What's good?'

'Depends. How hungry are you and do you eat meat?'

'Pretty hungry and no, I'm not a vegetarian.'

'Then I thoroughly recomment the chicken fried steak breakfast. It's amazing.'

The waitress came and she ordered it. As the waitress left, she said 'I figured you'd be home or somewhere studying.'

'I would be if it weren't for my stupid roomy.' SHe gave me a quizzical look. 'He and his girlfriend have the apartment marked "Occupied". So, until they're done, I am adrift like flotsam on the sea of life.'

She actually blushed a bit, 'Oh. You mean that theyr'e...'

'Yeah, like the proverbial rabbits.'

'That seems rude. What are you supposed to do in the meantime?'

I glared at her at said, heatedly 'this is my thought exactly. If I could afford it, I'd get my own place and then I wouldn't have to deal with this,' I gave a heavy sigh 'but, I can't afford it so, here I am.'

Her food arrived and she took a bite of the cream gravy covered steak and I swear she sighed. 'Wow. This is good.' She looked at the plate full of gravy covered deliciousness, mated with eggs, bacon and a extra large piece of toast. 'But there is no way I'm gonna be able to eat it all. Have some if you want.'

I tucked in and we chatted, mostly about school. I learned that she was, in fact only 22. only a year older than he. 'You must have started early,' I said around a mouthful of egg.

'Yeah. I got a academic scholarship out of high school and went straight into college. You?'

'Oh, no. After high school I went and worked at my dad's construction company for two years so I could afford to pay for my first two semesters. After that, it's been loans and grants. Not looking forward to paying those off.'

'What about outside of school?'

'Not much time. Not with all the regular classes plus you helping me with advanced math. Thanks for that, by the way.'

'No problem.' She took a last bite of egg and pushed the plate away. 'Goodness. If I eat much more I'm going to burst. Thanks for the recommendation, it was delicious.'

'No worries. It was nice having someone to talk to. You're different outside.' What? Why the hell had I said that? CRAP.

'What do you mean?

'Well, I just meant that when we're studying, you're all business but, here, outside of that environment, you're more, I dunno, loose. Like you're not worried about staying on track. It's different.'

'Good or bad different?'

'Oh, good different. You're more like a person and less like a teacher, I guess.'

'Oh,' she said with a wry smile, 'that. Yeah, I have problems with, as the saying goes, "letting my hair down". I was always focused on school so I never worried about, or even thought about that stuff.'

'Really? Well, when you do relax, it works.' Just then, my phone rang. Glancing at the screen, it was Dennis. That was quicker than usual. 'Hey, looks like the apartment is available. I'm gonna head. Thanks again for the chat.' With that I left, leaving enough to cover the meals and tip and headed back to the apartment. Dennis was there, cleaning. 'We need a better system, Den. I live here, too and I'd like to use the apartment more than once a week.'

'Yeah, about that. See, Rachel and I are getting kinda serious and I asked her to move in.'

"WHAT?! Where the hell is she gonna stay, Den? There's barely enough room for us, much less a third... Oh HELL NO! You are NOT kicking me out of the apartment I rented.'

'I get that you're mad but she lives in a sorority house so I can't go there, we don't have money for a deposit...'

'NEITHER DO I, DENNIS!'

'So,' he continued, 'We can't get a new place and there's nobody who'd take the two of us in.

'YOU GODDAMN...'

'You at least have a shot and finding a new place. Like a ninety nine percent better shot.'

'PIECE OF CRAP!' I stalked off to my room, swearing the whole time. Problem was, even though I was pissed at the situation, I was happy for him. And I knew he was right. He and Rachel had been going together for nearly five years and, really, it was past time for them to 'get serious'. Didn't help me, though. Shit. I angrily began packing my clothes and stuff into my gym bag. Not packing, really, so much as what my mom had called shoving and stuffing. Once the bag was full I just sat in my room for a while, brooding. Soon this would be Her room, with Her stuff and the fact that I'd lived here would be a memory. I lay down on the bed, trying to think of what to do next.

He could feel her russet hair brushing his legs and the warmness of her mouth around his manhood, moving slowly up and down his hard member. She could only get it so far in but made up for it but massaging his sac and, occasionally, taking a break from sucking and just licking the whole length. It felt so incredible and hewas as hard as he'd ever been. Switching back and forth from licking and sucking, he existed on the edge of orgasm for what seemed like hours. Always close, but never going over that edge. In, out, lick down and up, repeat. On, and on and on...

 I woke to a raging hard-on and quickly went in to take a cold shower. While there, I remembered yesterday and resigned myself to it. I knew Saturday was not the best day to try to find a new place but, the sooner the better. I dressed, ate, and went looking for a new apartment. I checked all the dorms and, of course, they were all full (that was why I had had to get a apartment last time). Then I began checking the local apartment houses but they were either full or double what I'd paid for rent last time. The benefit of trying to get a place WHILE school was in session as opposed to during winter break. Yeah. I decided to go get a coffee and think for a bit.

I went to this place called 'The Brewmeister' and found that all the coffees and such had weird German names and were terrifically expensive. I was about to turn and leave when I heard someone call my name. Looking around, I saw her in a back corner. Her coppery hair was cascading down over her shoulders and resting lightly at the top of her large breasts, which were barely contained by a t-shirt that looked like it was a least a size too small for her. I smiled and waved and went over to the small table she was at and she motioned me to sit.

'What are you doing here,' she asked. 'This doesn't seem like your kind of place.'

'Not really, no. But, apartment hunting will do that.'

'I thought you had a place.'

'I did. Dennis is bringing Rachel in and, well, third wheel and all that.'

'Oh, that sucks. Where are you going to stay?'

'Honestly, I don't know. All the dorms are full, the apartments are either full or way more that I can afford and there's no way I'd survive a Frat. So, dunno.'

She seemed to think for a minute and then 'you shared a space with, what was his name, Dennis? For how long?'

'Oh, we've shared apartments for years. Got along okay until he got serious with Rachel.'

'How well did you know him before that?'

'Oh, we'd been friends since grade school.'

'Oh. Well, what about someone you don't know as well? Do you think you could get along?'

'Umm... I guess. As long as they're not a,' I almost said asshole, 'jerk or anything. Why? You know of a place?'

'Maybe. Give me a bit.' With that she picked up her phone, dialed and walked out of earshot.

I waited, somewhat impatiently, and eventually returned. 'Okay. I have a place. The owner isn't super crazy about it but,' she looked at me with this weird look, 'I think it might work.'

I broke out in a grin, 'That's fantastic!' I stood up and, before I even realized it, was hugging her. Her breasts pressed firmly onto my chest and her hair smelled amazing. Quickly I let her go, 'Sorry. Just... excited and happy about not having to sleep under a tarp in the quad.'

'S'okay,' she said with a bit of a surprised look on her face.

'When can I see it? The place, that is.'

'How about now?

'Now is fantastic,' I replied.

We got into her small car and drove in silence for a bit to a decent-looking neighborhood on a small hill. She drove up to a nice-looking yellow house and parked. 'This is it.'

I was stunned. 'This? I appreciate the offer but I can't afford this. This place has got to be two, three grand a month.'

'Don't worry about it,' she said smiling.

'Umm... YOU might not have to worry about it but I do. I paid 500 bucks a month for my last place and that was pushing it.'

'Come on,' She said. 'Just look around. That doesn't cost anything.'

'Fine.'

We walked into the main door and the space was fantastic. A giant living room/ dining room/ kitchen area with a set of stairs going down, a hall to the left and a set of sliding glass doors on the far side of the room looking out onto a deck. I walked over and looked out the back and saw an amazing looking pool/spa in the back yard. She asked 'Want to see where you'd be?'

'Might as well enjoy the fantasy a bit longer.'

She walked over and then down the stairs. We entered into a full basement with a den, small kitchen, a hall to the left and door out to the back yard.

'The bathroom and bedroom are down the hall. What do you think? Could you live here?'

'Are you kidding me? This place is amazing. I could rent out the upper floor to, like twelve people and still not feel crowded. It's beautiful.'

'I'm glad you like it. The lower floor is yours if you want it.'

'I told you. I can't afford it.'

'And I told you, it's yours. See, this place belongs to my parents. Something of an investment home that they got stuck with.'

'Wow.'

'Yeah, but the thing is, you have to be able to get along with your upstairs neighbor. Do you think you can do that?'

'For a place like this I could probably get along with Satan AND Hitler. Who is it?'

She just smiled at me.

'Come on! Tell me!'

She just shook her head and said 'this. This is why you need tutoring. It's me. I'm the upstairs neighbor.'

'No,' I said firmly and started back up the stairs.

She grabbed at my sleeve 'What do you mean, "No"?'

'I mean I can't share a space with you. It'd be... weird. I mean, not to be obvious, but you're a woman and I'm not.'

'So?'

'SO?! SO it'd be weird.'

'Brian, what are your options?'

'Well,' I said 'There's always the tarp.'

'Come on. You've seen the place. It's Huge. If you want, you can enter through the lower doors. You'd have your own kitchen and bath. We'd never even have to SEE each other if you don't want to. Except for laundry. That's in the garage. Can't be helped. Besides, to be honest, being in this big place alone is a little creepy. It'd be nice to know there's someone else around.'

I paced around the large kitchen area, trying really hard to think with the right head and NOT to think about the dreams or visions or whatever you call them. FUCK. 'Fine. But, you stay on your floor and I'll stay on mine.'

'Deal.'

We drove back to the campus and I loaded as much stuff into my car as I could. Dennis seemed surprised. 'You found another place already?'

'Yeah, 'I said shortly, 'I got lucky. Hey, I know I was, AM pissed with you, but I really hope this works out with you and Rachel.' I held out my hand to him.

He grabbed it and drew me in for a hug, 'thanks, Bri-man. That means a lot. And, hey, good luck with your new place.'

'Thanks.'

It took four trips in my small car to move over all my crap from the apartment to the massive yellow house. When I was done, everything I owned barely filled the bedroom and a third of the den. Sad. I walked over to the staircase and yelled 'Knock, Knock!'

I heard her say 'Come on up!' I walked up the wood staircase and met her in the living room. 'All moved in?'

'Yeah,' I said. 'Thanks again, Ms. O'Rourke.'

'Maeve.'

'What?'

'My name is Maeve. I thought, since we're living in the same house, you should be able to call me by my first name.'

'Oh, okay. I gotta say, Maeve is a totally cool name. Way better than Brian.'

'It's Irish or Celtic or something. My mom is from there and she thought I should carry a traditional name.'

'Does it mean anything? I know a lot of names have meanings.'

'If it does, I don't know what it is. I made some mac and cheese, you want some?'

I laughed a hearty laugh.

'What?'

'I don't know,' I replied. 'I guess, in a place that looks like this, I was expecting lamb or duck or some other schmancy food.'

'Nope,' she replied, 'Mac & cheese is about as Schmancy as I can cook. I hope that's okay.' She actually seemed a little shy at this.

'Oh, it's totally okay,' I replied. 'Lemme at it.'

She led me to the pot where the golden mass was sitting. I looked through the cupboards and quickly found some tuna and a can of peas. I opened both and dumped them in, stirred the mess and then ladled it out.

'What'd you do to my perfectly good mac and cheese?'

'I added tuna and peas. It's good. Try it.'

She did and agreed it was good. While we ate, we talked some more and eventually the subject of the house came up. 'You said that the owners, your parents, weren't crazy about the idea of my moving in. Why?'

'Well,' she replied around mouthfuls, 'they're pretty old-school. Men and women living in the same house before marriage is really a hard thing for them to swallow. I convinced them that you were okay and that having a guy around this big house might actually be a good thing for my safety and that wouldn't try anything. They're still not a hundred percent happy about it but, they did agree.'

'On that note,' I said cleaning up the dishes, 'I'm gonna head back down and try to get some sleep. Tomorrow is Sunday, any plans?'

'Just laundry.'

'Okay. Night.

'night'

I walked back down the stairs and into my room. How had I gotten this lucky? I had no idea.

She lay there, nude. Her dark areolas were a stark contrast to her pale skin. Her nipples were erect and begging to be touched. He looked down and saw that her mons was bare, her lips engorged and wet with excitement. 'Please,' she said 'I want to know what it feels like to be with a man.' He took one hand and began to caress her ample breasts; rubbing, lightly pinching her nipples while the other explored her cleft. With his other hand he quickly found her womanhood and began rubbing it, causing her to let out a soft sigh. He let go of her breast and spread her open, seeing the moisture flowing out.

Slowly lowering his head to her, he began exploring her with his tongue. She twitched slightly at the touch of it. 'Oh,' she said softly. 'Why do you tease me so?' He said nothing and continued exploring her folds and hard nub with his tongue. 'Please,' she said again.

He moved his head away from that nether place to her breasts and guided his rigid member to her soaked spot. 'Yes,' she said plainly. 'I'm ready.'

 Hell. If this was going to continue, I didn't know how long I could go on living here. The temptation was incredible but I knew that I could not give in. I still barely knew her and, if I pushed too much, I could literally be out on my ass. Despite what I had said before, the tarp really wasn't a option. Since it was Sunday, I rose late, showered and stripped the bed. I walked up the stairs and to the garage. I found the machines and stuffed the sheets in to wash. Then, as it was already warming up, I decided to go out and check out the pool.

It was obvious it hadn't been used in some time. I pulled the cover and began skimming the leaves and crud out of it. In the back yard there was a small shed that held all the pool and yard stuff. I grabbed some chemicals and the cleaner bot, put both in and turned on the 'bot. it began its methodical cleaning of the pool and distribution of the chemicals. It'd be hours before the pool would be usable. Then I pulled the cover of the spa. It was in much better shape and only needed a light skimming. When that was done, I went back to the shed, put the remaining chemicals away and grabbed the lawn mower. I pulled and pulled but it wouldn't start. Sure enough, no gas. None in the shed either.

'Hey!' I heard from behind me. 'What're you doing?'

In my worst Spanish accent I said 'De pools, she will be ready soon but de mower, she has no joose.'
