 A Note to the reader: This story takes place after "Champion Girl vs the High Speed Chase", but has been written as a standalone short. 

***** 

Megatropolis is in the middle of the longest crime wave in its history. The police force is pressed to the breaking point and even the city's numerous superheroines are fatigued from battling what feels like a never ending tide of crime. 

At the forefront of the battle is the Megatropolis Amazons, the city's official super team. The team is only five members strong yet has managed to bring in the largest share of criminals. But the crime wave is starting to strain even their combined might. 

Champion Girl, the youngest and newest member of the team, has been placed on 24 hours mandatory bed rest after an exhausting run in with some members of the Red Dragon Syndicate. Although the young heroine is physically invulnerable the battle and its aftermath left her powers drained and weakened. With her incapacitated the rest of the team knows they will have to pick up the slack while she spends the day trying to recover. 

No one is more aware of this than Brickhouse. Until the perky blond Champion Girl joined the Amazons Brickhouse was the go to team member when massive super strength and a tough hide was required. Standing over seven feet tall and bulging with muscles she is frequent described as a "massive, hulking figure". Adding to her fearsome presence is that fact that her skin is a deep red. 

Brickhouse's physical strength is nearly unmatched and her skin is tough enough to deflect almost any projectile or blade. After Champion Girl joined the team they quickly discovered the petite blond youngster was nearly as strong as the massive Brickhouse. And where Brickhouse is nearly physically invulnerable Champion Girl actual is. 

On top of having a power set that is the same, perhaps even better than Brickhouse's, Champion Girl also looks normal. Missions that required stealth or going undercover were never something the massive red skinned woman could undertake, but for the small, normal looking Champion Girl they were easy. 

Brickhouse resented Champion Girl at first, but over time she has warmed to the younger woman's relentless positive attitude. And as her fondness for Champion Girl has grown her protectiveness has grown too. She knows the invulnerable woman doesn't need protecting, per se, not in combat any ways. But Megatropolis is a cesspool of perversion and the naive young heroine still doesn't take defeats well. 

The criminals and supervillains of the city have a code of sorts that they live by. And rule number one is that a defeated heroine is fair game sexually. Even though young heroines such as Champion Girl are taught this at The Academy, the super hero university that she trained at before becoming a Megatropolis Amazon, no class can prepare a heroine for the reality of the perverse whims of their enemies. 

No class can prepare a superheroine for the way her own body will betray her to her enemy's whims as well. 

Almost all super powered beings, be they hero or villain, gain their powers through what has been dubbed the "Power-Gene". Although present in all humans only a rare few have an "active" P-Gene, kicking in near adulthood and giving the person in question super powers. 

Along with amazing powers some, like Brickhouse, find their bodies physically mutated once their powers activate. Before her powers she was an athletically thin African-American woman. Tall and in shape, but by no means the massing bulk of muscles she is now. And although her skin is no longer black her ethnicity can still be seen in the shape of her facial features. 

Although the public can see that she has grown to super human height and bulk and that her skin has changed color there is another change she hides from the world. As her strength and height increased so did the size of her breasts. By the time she had reached her current height and bulk her breasts were so large and soft that they were nearly unmanageable. Most women with an active P-Gene have bust sizes of super human proportion, but Brickhouse's breasts became ridiculously large even by those standards. 

Always ashamed of her breasts, and knowing they hinder her actions in combat in left unchecked, she had joined the Megatropolis Amazons because of a promise to help keep them contained and hidden. Lab Rat, the team's resident tech genius, constructed a special sports bra made of unique, high tech fabric. The article of clothing compresses Brickhouse's large breast making it so her breasts look no bigger than any other superheroine's. 

Aside from super powers and physical mutations an active P-Gene comes with other biological changes. Every person with an active P-Gene, man or woman, has an overactive libido. This affects men and woman differently, although both sexes can find themselves aroused by even the slightest sexual touch. Because of this any sexual attention directed at a heroine after a defeat can turn a situation that is originally unwanted into something much more consensual. 

The real danger for a heroine is not that they will begin to fuck their foes. Most heroines have made peace with their overactive libidos and even learned how to turn sexual encounters into something that ends up being advantageous to them. No, the real harm comes from the danger of experiencing an orgasm that is too strong. An intense enough climax can leave most women with active P-Genes either weakened or even completely depowered for a time. 

This was how Champion Girl ended up on mandatory bed rest for 24 hours during a period of time when Megatropolis needed every one of its heroines on the streets. The experience she endured involved many forced orgasms and left her nearly completely drained and powerless. That kind of experience is still something the inexperienced heroine struggles to deal with. 

Brickhouse, on the other hand, has learned how to handle those kinds of situations. She takes them and dwells on them, fermenting a powerful anger inside her massive breast. Then she unleashes it on the criminals of Megatropolis, smashing any and all that she is faced with. And with one less heroine on the streets Brickhouse knows she's going to have to smash twice as hard to make up for Champion Girl's absence. 

*** 

Since it was the Red Dragon Syndicate that was responsible for taking Champion Girl out of action the Amazons have decided to spend the day cracking down on the them and them alone. They are the largest criminal organization in the city, with their fingers in every kind of criminal endeavor to be found. 

The group's real power comes from its lack of a single figure in charge of the organization. Instead it's made up of a cabal of bosses in charge of their own smaller operations, all working together. This structure means that if one of these bosses are taken down another simply steps up into their position, taking over the smaller operation within days. Because of this the group has never been eradicated, but if enough of its members are put behind bars their operations can be disrupted for a time. 

"Disruption is the current plan," Archbaroness says to the three other heroines sitting around the Megatropolis Amazon's meeting table. "It was the Syndicate's drug ring that took Champion Girl out of commission so I want to take THEM out of commission today. We all know we can never permanently dismantle it, but we can put a temporary hold to their actions." 

"And from the information I've gather, those actions have been expanding during the current situation," Psychia says. The attractive Latina is a powerful telepath and as such is the team's intelligence agent. "With the cops and heroines so distracted they seem to have tripled their sale of street drugs, increasing both how many dealers they have on the street AND how much of the illicit drugs they are moving. To keep up with the increased demand they have been setting up drug labs in town instead of shipping them in from out of town like normal. And with the madness going on no one seems to have really noticed how much their operations have increased." 

"Well, you seem to have noticed now," Brickhouse says sarcastically. 

Psychia smiles. "I suppose I have. They have grown reckless, doing very little to keep their current operations hidden. I have located their main drug lab, deep in the run down industrial side of town. The dealers that push the drugs produced there are doing so openly on the street corners. Even the leadership of the drug ring has uncharacteristically been flaunting who and where they are. They seem to have set up base in small casino and hotel in The Curb." 

"All of that means we know where most of the members of this particular wing of the Syndicate are today," Archbaroness says. "They think the authorities of Megatropolis are too busy to pay attention to them. We are going to prove them wrong. 

"Brickhouse, you are going to head to their lab. I want you to smash it to the ground. Unleash your strength, knock every one of those fuckers out then level the building." 

Lab Rat clears her throat, drawing everyone's attention. All eyes fall on the small, mousy woman. "Uh, boss, maybe that's not the best idea. The chemicals they use to create those drugs might be pretty volatile. Brickhouse could cause a major explosion that could kill most of the people inside the building. The blast might even be big enough to hurt her." 

Archbaroness rolls her eyes in frustration. "Fine! I guess killing them wouldn't be very heroic of us anyways. Brickhouse, hold back a little. I guess just take the goons inside out and be careful, just not too careful. Don't kill anyone, but don't feel bad about putting any of them in the hospital for a long time." 

"I think I can manage that," Brickhouse says with an eager grin. 

"Good," Archbaroness replies with a nod. "While you're doing that I'll be hitting downtown, rounding up all the Syndicate drug dealers I can find. This two pronged attack should be enough to distract the organization. 

"While they are distracted Lab Rat and Psychia will go undercover to the hotel/casino the drug ring's leadership seems to be holdup in. Psychia has heard that the boss in charge of the drug ring at the moment keeps meticulous records of his operation. Their mission will be to capture those records so we can round up anyone we miss today. 

"Everyone understand their missions?" She looks around at the other women at the table. All of them nod. "Okay, let's do this for Champion Girl. Amazons go!" 

*** 

The drug lab is right where Brickhouse expects it to be. "How cliché," she mumbles to herself as she stands across the street staking the place out. "A fucking dilapidated warehouse. The guards patrolling the outside make it obvious this is a Syndicate operation." She's referring to the black leather jackets they all wear. Every member wears one, and on the back of each is stenciled or embroider a roaring red dragon. 

Brickhouse continues to talk to herself. "It's not the guards outside I'm worried about. They all seem to be armed with normal guns. Even a warehouse full of small arms fire can't hurt me. No, it's what they might have inside that lab that has me concerned. If they are making Libidonol in there they will be sure to have some O-bombs. Luckily after what happened to Champion Girl I am going into this prepared." 

Brickhouse taps the clear plastic breather that sits snuggly attached her face, covering her mouth and nose. The device was quickly whipped up by Lab Rat, modified from an older version. It will protect Brickhouse from any gas thrown her way, filtering the air as she breathes. 

"Alright, I think I've seen enough. Time to start this." 

Brickhouse, not wasting any more time, leaps from her hiding place and begins barreling across the street towards the warehouse. The large red skinned woman dressed only in a simple armless and sleeveless black leotard is hard to miss. The guards are soon raining bullets upon her. They bounce harmlessly off her tough hide, doing little more than occasionally tearing a small hole her in her costume. 

Laughing with mad glee she rams into the first group of the men. Throwing her arms out and slamming into their bodies she sends the armed guards flying in every direction. Between wild haymakers and powerful backhands Brickhouse knocks most of them out cold within moments. 

The doors into the warehouse swing open revealing more guards. These, however, are wearing gas masks and armed with guns that shoot canisters. They launch a few at Brickhouse, the gas quickly expanding out and enveloping her. There is a moment where the men cheer, then the wind picks up and blows the cloud of gas away revealing Brickhouse still looming before them. 

The men seem more than surprised that she is still on her feet. "What's the matter boys, didn't think the Megatropolis Amazons would come prepared for these damn O-bombs?" 

The men finally seem to notice the clear plastic bubble over the lower half of her face. "Fuck," one of them shouts, "our gas isn't going to do anything to her!" 

All but one of them starts to back up nervously towards the building behind them. The man that remains, however, bravely steps forward, pulling a second smaller gun from a holster at his side. "You're stupid mask won't protect you from this!" He pulls the trigger and fires a dart at Brickhouse. It impacts her chest, harmlessly bouncing off her. 

"Yeah, needles can't pierce my skin either, dummy." 

"Oh fuck man, retreat!" The men all turn and flee back into the warehouse. 

"This has been a too damn easy so far," Brickhouse mumbles to herself. 

She slowly walks up to the building and leans down as she steps through the door. Once inside she can see that the large warehouse is crammed with tables full of chemicals, piles of boxes, and a few makeshift rooms partitioned off from the rest of the open floor by sheet plastic hanging from the ceiling. 

The warehouse is full of men and woman in black leather jackets, all of them alarmed at Brickhouse's appearance. The Red Dragon Syndicate is known for employing super powered toughs to act as enforcers and guards for their operations. Knowing this Brickhouse scans the room looking for one of them but to her great surprise she can't find a single one present. 

"They really have grown cocky during this crime wave," she says to herself. A few bullets bounce off her body, reminding her she is still in the middle of a fight. She turns and charges towards the men that fired at her. Knocking them out with ease she turns to the next nearest group of criminals. She grabs two them as they try and run away from her and slams their heads together, enjoying the sounds of their skulls impacting each other. 

Moving carefully around the tables full of potentially volatile chemicals she continues to knock out any of the Red Dragon Syndicate members she can reach. But there are just too many of them and almost as soon as she entered the building they began to run away. She takes out as many as she can but more than three quarters of them escape, disappearing into the dilapidated structures around the warehouse. 

Brickhouse is finally left alone except for the handful of unconscious Syndicate goons that lay strewn across the ground inside the building. "Well, they sure spread out fast. But that was all part of the plan, we knew we couldn't catch them all. Hopefully after Psychia and Lab Rat do their job we'll know who to look for. Maybe, in the end, we WILL manage to round them all up. Then when someone new takes over the operation they will have to start from scratch." 

As she talks to herself she wanders the room, looking over the chemicals and boxes. It looks like they are creating not just Libidonol but Semenall, Super GHB, as well as a handful of more common addictive street drugs. "Looks like I should call this in to the boys in blue and get them to come clear this shit out of here." 

She reaches to activate the communicator that lays hidden behind her ear, but is distracted by a crashing noise from across the room. She smiles and turns to head towards it. "Looks like someone's left for me to smash." 

As she walks across the room she hears the noise again. She's able to pinpoint where it is coming from: one of the large partitioned rooms. As she approaches she can see movement through the plastic sheets that make up the rooms walls but they aren't transparent for her to make out what exactly is lays moving behind them. 

"Only one way to find out," she mumbles as she reaches the plastic wall. Reaching forward she grabs hold of the plastic sheet and pulls it down from the ceiling. As it falls to the ground and reveals what is hidden behind it Brickhouse screams in horror. 

Contained within the room is a large, writhing mass of green tentacles. They all emanate from a disgusting mass of round green flesh, in the center of which is one large, alien looking eye. The eye immediately zeroes in on Brickhouse, its lone pupil narrowing. Its many appendages shoot towards the large heroine, quickly entangling around her as they try to grab hold of her arms and legs. 

Brickhouse continues to scream and begins to swing wildly, managing to knock the tentacles away and keep them from getting a hold of her. Brickhouse and the rest of the Amazons have heard rumors of what this creature is and what it will do to a woman if it manages to get a hold of them, but they have never seen one in Megatropolis. 

As the powerful heroine battles the appendages flying around her she tries to back away and get out of its reach. But the creature responds, using some of its countless limbs to lift itself off the table it is on and follow her. Its flailing arms accidently knock the clear breather on Brickhouse's mouth off of her face during the short chase. 

As it rises up after Brickhouse she can see that the creature was, until recently, attached to a number of tubes. They must have been keeping this monstrosity sedated, she thinks. But during the fight battle those tubes must have got knocked off it. Unless those bastards unhooked the creature on purpose! If they did that would explain how it woke up so fast, perhaps they injected it with some kind of stimulant to counteract the sedatives still running through its system. 

"Have to call for back up," Brickhouse says as she realizes she can't take the monster on her own. She raises her hand to her ear, once again hoping to activate her communicator. But as she does one of the green tentacles manages to wrap itself around her writ and pull her arm out and away from her head. As it tugs at her she is pulled off balance and starts to fall to the ground. Soon there are tentacles wrapping around her other wrist and her ankles as well. Struggling, screaming, she tries to break free of the monster's grasps. But the creature seems to be stronger than even she is. 

It raises her into the air, spreading her legs and pulling her arms up and behind her head. Other limbs lash up, the tips of them burrowing into the bottom of her leotard. She feels them slither up past her crotch and over her stomach. The creature's alien touch repulses her, yet at the same time awakes desire deep within her as she feels its caress moving up her body. Brickhouse screams, angry that she is getting turned on by this monster. 

Its tentacles slither further up her body, past her chest and reappearing out the top of her leotard. They then pull on the fabric until the heroine's costume is ripped off. She renews her struggles to break free, but is unable to do so. 

The tentacles continue to strip her, tearing her panties off and revealing her bare, red skinned vulva. The creature lifts her up further into the air, pulling the thrashing heroine closer to its large eye. She sees the creature center in on her bare slit, seemingly judging her womanhood. 
