 ***Much thanks to SleeperyJim for his outstanding work editing.*** 

*****

Beth skipped down the corridor, which was no small feat considering she was carrying an armful of books. She hummed a joyous tune as she went; she was engaged to a good man! Finally! In the months since she'd become eligible, her suitors had been of increasingly questionable character. 

It was ironic. She had always dreamed of being rescued from an evil dragon by a gallant knight. Instead, she had been rescued from an evil knight by a gallant dragon. Sure Ethan was a dragon, but he seemed as wonderful as any man. 

And -- if the stories were true -- she was in for quite a treat on their wedding night. She felt a familiar sensation in her loins at the thought. Her fingers were nice, but her maids were clear about it: fingers were no match for a man who knew what he was doing. She hoped Ethan knew, but she was more than willing to let him practice on her after they were married. 

She imagined lying in bed as her gallant dragon lay on top of her kissing her and telling her how much he adored her and how beautiful she was. She wasn't quite sure what the kiss would feel like, but she imagined it would be wonderful. Then he would remove her dress and make sweet love to her in the candlelight. 

Beth stopped at the door to her room and juggled the books around so she could open it. Two near book-drops later, she was inside and nestled in her favorite reading corner. The sun had just come up, and she could barely believe that only a few hours before she had been riding Ethan as he soared through the sky. She grabbed the top book on the pile -- entitled "A complete history of dragons" -- and started to read. 

She was nearly halfway through the book when a knock at the door broke her concentration. 

"Who is it?" Beth called. 

"Alana Staff-Maker to see you my lady," the butler called

"Let her in." 

The door opened and Alana walked in and the door closed behind her. She looked... odd. She was wearing the same knee-length green dress and her hair looked brushed. However, her face looked decidedly the worse for wear. Her eyes looked slightly red and oddly vacant.

"Hi," Beth jumped up, ran to her and held out her arms. "You look like you could use a hug."

Alana gave her a half smile before accepting Beth's hug. Beth wasn't sure what else to do, so she gave Alana the best hug she could manage. After almost a minute, Alana pulled back. 

"Thanks," Alana said. "I needed that." 

"Any time. But what's wrong? You look like your favorite pet just died." 

Alana tried to laugh but failed miserably, which made Beth clap her hands over her mouth. "It didn't... did it? I just meant that-- I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say that..."

"No, no one died," Alana said, and this time she managed a small but genuine smile. "I just came to say something and then I'm off to your father's enchanting shop. He offered me a job," she added at Beth's quizzical expression. 

"I just wanted to ask that you be the best wife you can possibly be to Ethan. He's really a wonderful person and deserves..." She stopped and seemed to get choked up. "I'm sorry, I'm not... I have a scratchy throat." 

"Did you want some tea with honey?" Beth asked, unsure as to what was really going on.

"No I'm fine. Just... Just take care of him for me, would you?"

"It would be my honor, but why..." Beth started to say, and then it clicked in her mind. "Wait, You two aren't... I mean you're not... Are you?"

"It's complicated," Alana said.

"You're in love with him," Beth said. 

"No I'm not," Alana said flatly. "I mean, of course he's a good man and I like him as a friend. And he saved my life a few times, but that doesn't mean I'm... you know... interested."

"I won't tell a soul," Beth promised. 

"Thank you." 

"So, why are you asking me to take care of him if you..." Beth started to say, and then it dawned on her. "Oh. Because I'm going to marry... and want... I'm so sorry Alana."

"Not your fault," Alana said. "Ironically, it's my fault. I was the one who suggested we try and rescue you and your brother in the first place."

"But still."

"There's no sense playing the 'what if' game," Alana said. "What's done is past. While we can learn from it and do better in the future, we still have to live with it." 

"I'll be the best wife to Ethan I possibly can," Beth said. "I promise." 

Alana's eyes grew watery again at Beth's promise. "Thank you. I... I have to go." 

She gave the girl a half-hearted smile and then left the room. 

Beth returned to her reading corner but -- for the first time in her life -- she didn't have the heart to pick up a book. It felt like someone had dumped a bucket of cold water on her fantasies of a romantic wedding and passionate wedding night. Alana had saved her life, and here she was stealing her man-- er, dragon. 

It didn't seem right to Beth, but she didn't see a way around it. She briefly considered refusing to marry Ethan, but then remembered her promise to Alana. 

When did life get so complicated?

* * * 

Rachel Delmar was in a truly foul mood, or at least she thought she was. It was getting hard to tell these days. She was saddle-sore from riding non-stop for way too long. She had stopped only to switch between the several horses she'd taken from Wurven's men. Changing mounts and riding hard had allowed her to travel from the forest to Gralden in less than a day. 

She was glad that the dragon and his companions had escaped. She also hated them for escaping. They needed to be tortured for daring to fight against Lord Delmar because... because...

She didn't know why.

Rachel shook her head trying to clear it. She needed to find and kill them. Slowly. She needed to make an example out of them for anyone who would challenge her father. But what had they done that was so bad?

Despite her best efforts, she found thoughts of revenge and gruesome death flitting through her mind. 

She rode into the city and sold all but one of the horses, which she boarded at a stable for a few days. She was almost positive that the dragon would have returned here, and the town gossip about the Banker's daughter and son returning the previous night confirmed it. The town crier let everyone know Lord Borden was planning an announcement for late that afternoon. 

Rachel hoped the dragon would be there so she could kill him, but there would be guards -- some of which might be mages -- and she wasn't very good with a bow. She figured she'd wait until the announcement and plan from there. 

Several hours of conflicted brooding later, Rachel was in the town square with a thousand other people. Lord Borden stood on a raised platform, flanked by his wife, children, guards, and a man Rachel didn't recognize. 

"Thank you all for coming," Lord Borden said. "As you all probably know by now, we have a hero in our midst."

Lord Borden waved the man forward. The man looked ordinary in every way; almost too ordinary. He was the average height, average build, and was wearing the most average clothing, with the average hair color, length and style. Rachel would've bet her right arm it was the dragon using a disguise gem. 

Lord Borden continued. "This man saved my children from the bandits that have plagued our city for many months. Furthermore, he slaughtered them to a man. You no longer need fear them thanks to this man. I give you, Sir Ethan!"

At this pronouncement, the entire town square erupted into wild cheers and applause. Rachel clapped her hands over her ears to prevent them from exploding. 

The applause died down when Lord Borden raised his hand. "True to my word, he shall receive an honorable position at The Bank for his services. Further, he has captured the heart and hand of my daughter Elizabeth. They shall be married within a fortnight!"

Rachel swore under her breath as the whole square erupted into wild cheers and applause again. Two weeks. She had only had two weeks before the wedding -- when security would be strained because of extra guests -- to plan an infiltration. Worse, the dragon would have two weeks of access to a massive pile of gold, which would make him harder to kill. She mulled this over as the applause died down. 

Lord Borden motioned the disguised dragon and Beth forward so they were standing in front of him facing each other, and then he turned to the disguised dragon. "Will you promise to marry my daughter and treat her with honor until your marriage?"

"I will," The dragon replied after several seconds and a deep breath. Rachel couldn't help noticing he didn't look very happy for a man about to marry a beautiful and extremely wealthy woman. 

Lord Borden turned to Beth. "Will you promise to marry this man and treat him with honor until your marriage?"

"I will," Beth replied. There was a wide smile on her face, though she too wasn't looking look perfectly contented. 

"According to our ancient customs, betrothal binds two souls to be married by sacred contract." Lord Borden continued. "A contract so sacred only divorce may break their betrothal. Therefore, to make the betrothal complete, it must be sealed with a proclamation of love."

Lord Borden nodded to the dragon. Ethan took a deep breath, and then leaned forward to kiss Beth on the lips. Rachel had been expecting a typical betrothal kiss where the couple usually dragged it out, as they wouldn't be allowed another kiss until the wedding ceremony. 

But this was subtly different. 

The dragon kissed her tenderly, but very briefly. It was just long enough to be a proper sealing of the betrothal, but stopped short of a couple in love. Rachel could see a flicker of disappointment on Beth's face, although while their lips touched, it had been a look of bliss. 

"The betrothal is complete," Lord Borden announced. The crowd erupted into cheers and applause again. He waited until they died down before continuing. 

"Please join me in wishing them the best and may Illuminar watch over you both and bless your marriage with wealth, health, and many children." 

After that, everyone on the platform bowed and left, while the crowd slowly dispersed to go about their day. 

Rachel was conflicted. Her heart went out to Beth for that kiss. It was clear to her that although the dragon wasn't in love with her, she was with him. She almost felt sorry for Beth -- being married to someone who didn't truly love you sounded dreadful. 

Then something inside of her clicked. The dragon would be married. Instantly, Rachel felt an overwhelming urge to maim and kill Beth. She fought the urge harder than any impulse she had felt before. Her mind went back and forth, as the skin under her ring began to itch almost to the exclusion of everything else. 

She fought silently with herself for an hour before the compulsion began to gain ground. Lord Delmar would want her to kill Beth. She knew that. She'd seen him do the same to countless enemies over the years. Killing someone intimately close made a rival sloppy, which Lord Delmar always exploited. 

But to hurt Beth...

Rachel fought with herself for the rest of the night, neither winning nor losing. In the end, she alleviated the struggle by deciding to focus on infiltrating the wedding. Security would be overwhelmed if she planned things right, and she would be free to kill the dragon and that sweet, innocent girl...

She nearly screamed in frustration. 

Something was wrong. Something was very wrong. She couldn't put her finger on it though. It was like something in her head diverted her attention every time she tried to figure it out. A few years ago she had found it hard to kill spiders because she didn't want to hurt them. Now she was planning murder...

Something was definitely wrong. 

* * *

Anthiel found herself getting lost in the flow of the music. She let her fingers flit over the strings and allowed the tune take her wherever it willed. She had lost count of the hours she'd been playing when some thunderous applause and cheers erupted from the town square outside. Anthiel sighed. Lord Borden must be announcing Beth's engagement. She waited until the noise subsided and began to play again. 

Not long after, she stopped because of a less deafening, but equally intrusive sound, and perked up her pointy ears to listen. It sounded like someone was crying. She stepped away from her harp and followed the sound. It took her several minutes to find the source. 

It was a wood elf dressed in a knee length green dress that resembled leaves. She was short but pretty, with rich, chocolate brown hair. She was seated on the floor of an out-of-the-way closet with her arms wrapped around her legs. Her eyes were puffy and red, tears flowing freely down her cheeks. There was a large wet spot on her dress, and she had clearly been crying for some time. 

"Hello dear," Anthiel said. 

The wood elf looked up and tried to hide her face, but instead burst into another round of sobs. Anthiel squeezed into the closet and sat down beside her. 

"Let it out," she said comfortingly as she put her arm around the wood elf. "Anything that feels so bad should not be kept inside."

The wood elf cried into her shoulder for a whole minute before she composed herself. 

"I'm sorry." 

"For what?" Anthiel replied. "Tell me your name." 

"Alana," The wood elf said between sobs.

"Alana. That's pretty. Now what could be so wrong?" 

"It's nothing. It's stupid." 

"Anything that would make a woman cry like this while hiding in a closet is hardly stupid," 

"It's just..." Alana said through the tears. "There's a... I haven't known him a whole fortnight, but he just... he saved my life and I thought that I-- I mean that we... but he got betrothed today and... It wasn't his fault and I'm just... I don't know what to do. It's just so stupid. We just met."

Anthiel pulled her closer. "At least you're not bonded with him. That would be..." she trailed off at the sudden look of fresh pain on Alana's face. 

"Oh no. You aren't, are you?" 

Between sniffles, Alana explained what happened and how they'd saved each other's lives, causing the bond. She also explained the aftermath and about Beth. 

"So, he's marrying a woman he doesn't love to save her life and the lives of her family?" 

Alana nodded. 

"But he loves you?" 

Alana nodded again. Her tears, which had stopped flowing, began to trickle down her cheek again.

"Wine!" Anthiel said. "You need wine, lots of strong wine. Fortunately, ship-masters get a huge discount at Lord Borden's pub."

"You're a ship master?" Alana asked. 

"Yes, Anthiel Cloud-Song at your service. I captain Lord Borden's personal airship, or I will when it finally launches," Anthiel replied. "Now, what do you say to that drink?" 

After some gentle coaxing, the heartbroken elf consented to leave the closet and join her at the nearest inn. She pushed around her mulled mead while they talked, barely drinking any of it. Anthiel was on her fourth tankard of mead before she managed to draw a genuine smile from the distraught wood elf, mostly by telling stories about her children when they were little.

"Your family sounds lovely," Alana said, and took another sip of the mead. 

"They are, even more so since they moved out," she eyed Alana's still mostly full mug. "You know, drinking to drown your sorrows only works if you actually drink?"

"So someone keeps telling me."

"It's been true every time."

The little wood elf took another sip of her mead. "I wish could find a family like that." she shook her head. 

"Maybe you're not looking in the right place?"

"I didn't mean with men, I meant the way you talk about your family. I never had siblings and I always wanted a few sisters," 

"Oh?" Anthiel said, hoping to keep her talking. 

"My parents didn't have any other children, but I always wanted..." she got a faraway look in her eye. "It's funny, the day I met Ethan I was wishing for a few sisters and a good man. I guess you don't always get what you want."

"One of my daughters is about your age; I can introduce you the next time she visits me."

Alana appeared to get very choked up and her eyes became watery. "Thank you, that would be... that would be great."

They talked long into the night. The more they talked, the more Anthiel was impressed the younger elf. She was very mature for her age, had a sharp mind and a very big heart. If both her sons weren't already married, she might have tried to set one of them up with her. She was truly one of the most delightful women the airship captain had met in her long life. 

By the time Alana left to turn in, Anthiel was ready to find this dragon who had broken her heart and deck him; hard. Sadly, that wouldn't help anything and she wasn't given to needless violence anyway. She did resolve to put the fear of Illuminar in him if he ever set foot on her airship. A little intimidation and a few threats might serve the idiot whelp good, and hopefully teach him a lesson in the process. 

She made it home only slightly tipsy and slid into be next to her husband. As she drifted off to sleep, she resolved not to thrash the dragon, as much as she wanted to. It made her cheeks hot that he was all cozy in the Borden mansion with a beautiful new fiancé while Alana was hurting so much. 

If there was any justice in the world, he would have a horrible night 

* * *

Ethan wasn't entirely sure which day of his life was actually worse; this one, or the day he had discovered his fiancé was sleeping with his best friend and behind his back they had stolen the business he'd spent his entire adult life building. Given how much he missed Alana, he was currently leaning towards today. 

How he'd fallen for Alana so completely in the short time they known each other, he'd never know. When he thought about life without her, it was just... 

He didn't even want to think about it. 

After the betrothal ceremony, he had spent the evening with Beth, and her parents. She had been cautiously cheerful the whole time and did her best to keep his spirits up. He really appreciated it and genuinely enjoyed her company. She was a lovely girl, but even so didn't succeed in banishing his dark mood.

Her parents had peppered him with questions as to where he came from, but Ethan answered half-heartedly and with few details. They were very welcoming however. 

They showed him around their impressive mansion before setting out a lavish feast before him at dinner, served by just a few of their many servants. The food was exquisite, but might as well have been ash in his mouth and the finest wines held no more appeal than water. Given the choice, he would've traded it all for one meal with Alana. 

He missed her so much already and she hadn't been gone a whole day. He knew it was strange, but he assumed it was their bond making him feel this way. 

Quite beside his own pain, he could feel sadness and grief flooding over from Alana. He hadn't looked at their bond -- he didn't dare -- but the emotions were so strong they were hard to miss. 

He needed to distract himself, to think about anything else. The only thing that pushed her to the back of his mind -- other than Beth's attempts to cheer him up -- was gold. 

"Is there any chance I could start in the vault tonight?" Ethan asked Lord Borden as desert was winding down. 

"He nodded. You will start at the bottom like anyone else, which is a night guard. Given your rescue of Beth though, you'll start in the vault instead of the outer walls. Do well, and you could rise far at The Bank." 

Ethan nodded. "Okay, let's get started," 

"Follow me," Lord Borden stood and Beth followed suit. Ethan and Beth followed the older man out of the room and then out of the house, into the night air. The town was mostly silent apart from the sounds of drinking and singing coming from the pubs. 
