 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Or is it? All characters herein are imaginary. Or are they? All events described here are fictitious. Oh, really? All locales described here are real and actual. But this story is not to be taken seriously. Or is it? All sexual activity depicted here involves more-or-less human persons at least 18 years old, and a manufactured creature. Some primate host-mothers were only slightly harmed in writing this story. Pray for them.

If you have not read the previous episodes, you will not get this. The synopsis below ain't nearly enough. All prior episodes have been expanded and corrected since their original posting. Read them all!

Even after significant revisions, I didn't really like how I ended episode 03, so I've written these cascaded alternate endings. Your feedback is appreciated. No death-threats, please.




SYNOPSIS: Tall slender chestnut-haired software engineer Linda Myers is the granddaughter of Jack Driscoll and Ann Darrow, yes, the same Ann Darrow who was pursued by King Kong so long ago. Ann, her daughter Susan, and Susan's daughter Linda, are the only known humans to exude certain hormones, called pheromones. The Darrow bloodline and the Kong bloodline each respond sexually to the other's pheromones.

Biotech firm muGen has devoted great effort to genetic engineering and cloning, especially trying to re-create dinosaurs and large extinct mammals. muGen successfully produced small populations of clones and hybrids based on stolen DNA from King Kong's hair. The clones, all males, are large ape-like creatures. The mixed-gender humanoid hybrids, who can pass as human, are of two distinct generations.

The Kong clones and hybrids behave asexually EXCEPT when exposed to Darrow-family pheromones. muGen needs a Darrow descendent, specifically Linda Myers, as a source for harvested pheromones, to drive the sexuality and reproduction of the Kongs. muGen drugs and kidnaps 25-year-old Linda to their bio-lab island in the Gulf of California. Linda awakens in a small cell and is exposed to clones and hybrids.

Interacting with small dark Kong hybrids Nona and Pedro in her cell, Linda finds that her tears act as counter-pheromones, killing the sexual attraction and Linda's usefulness. muGen abandons their efforts to control Linda and eventually ends the Kong development program. Linda is returned to her San Francisco home, her memory partially scrubbed, then partially restored, then partially repressed. Linda pulls her life back together with the help of her hot dark long-time fuck-buddy Dolores (Dolly).

Many years later, hybrids Pedro and Nona, and taller Kane and Tara, appear at Linda's door, praising her for liberating their people by her resistance to muGen. Pheromones drive the five into a sexual frenzy where they are joined by Dolores. Linda and Kane fall in love, as do Dolly and Tara. They merge their lives with perfect love. A double wedding is in order.

And now, for the Happy Ending(s)!

--12A-- (2014) (original ending)

All the hybrid Kong folk who could, came from around the world to San Francisco for the joint weddings. They started arriving a week before the event. They did not all leave until a week afterwards. Twenty of the small dark Generation 1995 hybrids were there, including Nona and Pedro, and twenty-two of the taller Generation 1996 folk, including Kane and Tara. Quite a mob -- they overflowed local hostelries.

Linda and Dolores were absorbed and fascinated by the swarms of hybrid folks, those of each generation being so alike yet so different. And Kane and Tara were the most distinctive among them.

Linda and Kane, and Dolores and Tara, lay together not long before the weddings. Linda continued to marvel at Kane and Tara's uniqueness, their distinct auras and presence.

"Kane, you and Tara are just so... different from anyone I have ever known, including all your kin. Do you feel this? Do you know about this?"

Kane and Tara looked at each other, communicating silently. They nodded, and Tara spoke.

"We of each generation are not identical. You have seen that. It is not just natural variation. Each of us results from different genetic engineering, not just in the amount of Kong DNA we bear, but also in how the human DNA was adapted to receive it. We were all unique experiments."

Kane continued Tara's explanation.

"Tara and I received a greater amount of Kong DNA than did the others. And our Kong and human DNA mixes are the most closely integrated. We are both the most human, and the most Kong, of all us hybrids. In one sense, we are the children of Kong. But essentially, we are Kong himself. I am Kong, and Tara is Kong."

And thus, with the wedding that followed, did Linda and Dolores each become:

THE BRIDE OF KONG

The end?

--12B-- (2014) (first alternate)

Kane continued Tara's explanation.

"Tara and I received a greater amount of Kong DNA than did the others. And our Kong and human DNA mixes are the most closely integrated. We are both the most human, and the most Kong, of all us hybrids. In one sense, we are the children of Kong. But essentially, we are Kong himself. I am Kong, and Tara is Kong.

"But we are not the only Kongs. The 'clones' are closest to the original King Kong genetically, of course, but even they have undergone genetic engineering. Some gene-tweaking was necessary for them to develop as embryos in their host-mothers. They had to be shrunk, of course -- no living female primate has a womb sufficient to bear a full-size Kong.

"Others were developed as intermediates between the Kong clones and the first hybrids -- halflings, being half-clone, half-hybrid. These halflings are more Kong-like in appearance and capability than we hybrids but yet bear enough human DNA to give them very human-like brains and minds.

"We brought another guest with us. You have not seen him yet. He is the greatest of the halflings."

Kane pursed his lips and gave a warbling whistle. The bedroom door opened. Nona and Pedro stood there, with a large indistinct shape looming in the shadows behind them. Kane gestured toward them and spoke.

"Linda and Dolores, allow me to present -- KONG!"

Nona and Peter stepped aside, and KONG entered the bedroom.

Tall naked Kane and Tara had joined clothed Pedro and Nona near the bedroom door. They stood back to watch KONG's human interaction.

Tall Linda and shorter Dolores gasped with amazement.

They saw a heavily-muscled figure nearly seven feet tall, covered with short dark fur, his face with almost-human features on a large elongated skull, with thin lips, narrow nose, high cheekbones, and penetrating large hazel eyes under thin brows. His arms and legs, and hands and feet, were long and strong.

KONG was definitely male, obscenely male, with a naked porn-star penis dangling in front of testicles that would have made a Highland bull proud. KONG exuded both raw animal sexuality and refined human charisma, as well as a piquant alien sense. He was like the ultimate physical embodiment of primate lust.

KONG was the most magnificent creature Linda and Dolores had ever seen!

Linda's pheromones attracted and inflamed KONG. Her unique sexual scent drew him toward her mesmerized naked body sitting cross-legged on the bed, arm-in-arm with Dolly. And KONG's own pheromones drew Linda to him like a magnet.

Dolores could not resist KONG's physical allurement either. When aroused Dolly crawled towards KONG, Tara moved to her and held her shoulder.

"I'm sorry, my love, but KONG is for Linda now. He needs her Darrow scent. Come with me."

Tara drew Dolly aside and embraced her tenderly. The other hybrids closed on Dolly also, holding and comforting her. All watched KONG and Linda.

Linda's saturated senses and drenched pheromone receptors overwhelmed her analytical mind. She instinctively rolled onto her belly, raised her body on elbows and knees, spread her thighs for penetration, and looked over her shoulder.

"Take me," Linda whispered from the edge of the bed.

KONG's soft raspy voice said, "Thank you, my dear."

KONG stepped forward to the bed and slowly slid his immense length into Linda's wet welcoming vagina. He moved in and out, ever so slowly and gently, as her sheath stretched to accommodate him. Finally, he was fully embedded. He moved with her in the ancient humanoid rhythm, the dance of life and love.

And thus, with this mating, did Linda become:

THE BRIDE OF KONG

The end?

--12B-- (2014) (second alternate)

KONG was the most magnificent creature Linda and Dolores had ever seen!

Linda's pheromones attracted and inflamed KONG. Her unique sexual scent drew him toward her mesmerized naked body sitting cross-legged on the bed, arm-in-arm with Dolly. And KONG's own pheromones drew Linda to him like a magnet.

KONG stepped forward to the edge of the bed and gazed down on the naked wholly-human forms of Linda and Dolores. His soft raspy voice said, "I am but a moth to your flames, my dears."

Linda crawled to KONG. She carefully handled his enormous prong. She brought her face close, sniffed the uncircumcised head, tentatively licked the crown, and then down the shaft. She opened her mouth and took in as much as she could, less than half its length. She coated the marvelous member with her sweet saliva.

Dolores could not resist KONG's physical allurement either. She moved beside Linda and cupped KONG's supersized scrotum in her trembling hands. Dolly brought her head next to Linda's, cheek to cheek. Their tongues joined in orally worshipping the most marvelous primate penis on the planet.

Linda turned her body around at the bed's edge. She instinctively rolled onto her belly, raised her body on elbows and knees, spread her thighs for access, and looked over her shoulder. "Take me," she begged.

KONG slowly slid his immense length into Linda's wet welcoming vagina. He moved in and out, ever so slowly and gently, as her sheath stretched to accommodate him. Finally, he was fully embedded. He moved with her in the ancient hominid rhythm, the dance of life and eternity. And after a time, Linda came, screaming.

Linda fell away from KONG's consuming cock and lay breathless on the bed. Dolores moved to mirror Linda's previous posture, presenting her tight dark bottom to KONG. "Now me, I beg you," Dolly wailed softly.

KONG carefully embedded himself inside Dolly's tantalizing tunnel. Her eventual screams were just as loud.

Linda recovered and resumed her receptive position. KONG moved back into her, starting slowly again, then pounding faster, pounding her into orgasm after orgasm, time after time, her body only remaining upright because KONG held her hips against his powerful thrusting.

KONG felt the eruption building within him. He roared, and came, massive spurts of hot seed splashing into Linda's womb, filling her to overflowing with life and love and lust and joy and pure power.

KONG collapsed on the bed beside Linda and Dolores. The other hybrids, now all naked, closed on the trio of happily exhausted lovers, carressing and kissing them, joining all their biochemical auras together.

Humans, hybrids, halfling -- all merged.

-----

The wedding ceremony was held on the grounds of a stately Victorian mansion on the Pacific Heights crest overlooking the Golden Gate and the Bay's islands. The crowd of hybrids and some humans gathered in the ballroom of the former embassy where a nervous-looking Unitarian marrying-and-burying cleric awaited at the podium. Damn, this was different! And quite unofficial. No marriage licenses today, nope.

A bell softly rang. The string quartet that had filled the air with sonic trifles now started playing more formal music, and louder. The audience took their seats in rows of comfortable padded oak folding chairs. The string quartet played a processional march.

Nona, as bridesmaid, led Linda and Dolores and Tara down the rose-petal-strewn center aisle. All wore light modest dresses, Nora's lemon yellow, the brides in creamy vanilla.

Pedro, as bridesman, led Kane and KONG along the aisle to the podium. All wore white linen summer suits. Pedro's a little darker than the others. KONG's immense now-clothed form dominated the room.

Dolores and Tara stood together, flanked by Nona. Linda and Kane stood together opposite them, with Pedro to the side. KONG stood between the two couples but near Linda.

The cleric, his nerves calmed a bit by a few doses of medicinal cognac, started administering a wedding service like none ever spoken before. He spoke of love and science and history and various other subjects about which he knew little. His trained well-modulated voice only quivered slightly.

He pronounced Dolores and Tara to be partners in life and love. With a bit more assurance, he pronounced the same of Linda and Kane. Each couple kissed and glowed.

Then came the big moment. KONG and Linda stood together. The cleric intoned:

"Before all assembled here to witness the beginning of a new world, I now pronounce you: KONG AND WIFE!"

And thus, with these words, did Linda become:

THE BRIDE OF KONG

The reception in the outdoor gardens of the mansion was lovely and loving. Champagne and stories and laughter flowed like spring-melt rivulets. Voices and music swirled; dancers twirled; the world shifted on its axis. The future would never be the same.

The crowd finally dispersed. The lovers stayed together. They all lived happily ever after.

The end?

--12C-- (2014) (third alternate)

And thus, with the wedding, did Linda become:

THE BRIDE OF KONG

The wedding and reception had been lovely. All spirits were exhalted, all hearts expanded. Life was good.

One member of the audience was not quite what she seemed. Along with other human guests, the young Asian woman held her iPhone up to record and transmit the proceedings. Her muGen security team ID card had been carefully left at home. The signal from her phone fed straight to muGen's corporate offices. So did audiovisual feeds from several cameras secreted about the premises.

The CEO whom nobody would ever mistake for Dicky Attenborough had died some years prior. Ensuing vicious corporate power struggles played out and left a familiar face on top: Lorraine, who had run muGen's Mexican island-based Great Beast Project at the turn of the millennium. The tall taut fifty-something dirty-blond MILF monitored the real-time feeds from the wedding, and smiled.

Lorraine turned to her boy-toy personal secretary. His handsome, chiseled visage was near her pale face, but her mind's eye saw other faces: the Darrow women, and the hybrids and halflings, and their lovers.

Lorraine absently stroked the young man's ebony cheek and chin.

"No plan ever survives contact with reality, but sometime that's all for the best," she murmured, mostly to herself. He knew better than to reply.

Yes, the old long-term plans had fallen apart. Linda's resistance and independence had scuttled the original Great Beast Project. But from that effort's ruins, another plan had grown, and had borne fruit.

Yes, the Mexican island site of the Great Beast Project had been shut down, but not forgotten. Its assets were secretly moved to a more remote and secure facility near Papua New Guinea, not far from Skull Island, the original home of King Kong. New populations of clones and halflings and hybrids were about to mature. Cloning the Darrow DNA to produce the necessary pheromones had succeeded.

And a full-size Kong clone was now possible. Lorraine looked forward to the theme-park possibilities. Fuck the mouse! Piss on animatronics! The next super-attraction would be: KONG WORLD!

muGen's total domination of the genetic engineering field was assured for the near future. They could conquer entertainment too. Lorraine exulted.

Lorraine switched off the wedding feed and shifted her attention to the next major project. Her agents had secured alien DNA from the Roswell UFO crash, both directly from organic remains found at the site, and from samples 'liberated' from the military labs at Area 51 at Rachel, Nevada, and the Dulce Base in New Mexico. The work of growing alien clones and hybrids was moving along nicely.

Lorraine could hardly wait for her chance to fuck perfected cloned aliens. They promised to be even more sexually capable than the magnificent Kong halflings. Lorraine's hungry pussy twitched in anticipation.

"The future's so bright, I gotta wear shades," Lorraine hummed to herself. Life was good.

The end?

--12D-- (suppressed alternates)

* Lorraine's alien-cloning Roswell Project results in the discovery of new biomedical technologies including fast gender swaps. Lorraine has some of her underlings undergo the process. Her boy-toys can now become a girl-toys in only five minutes. Lorraine enjoys many orgies where her partners constantly change genders. Next, she does the same with halflings, after spritzing herself with Darrow pheromones. Hilarity ensues.

* The aliens observing human development from their secret Lunar base are quite pleased with events. Humans have learned to modify their own genetic codes, unleashing the inevitable fractioning of humanity into disparate sub-species. The aliens look forward to the upcoming competition between 'normals', mermen, Kong bloodline, snake people, and the DNA from 'grays' such as the Roswell infiltrators. Think of it as evolution in action.

* Many Kong-DNA hybrids have assumed positions of responsibility in human societies around the world. But they still long for their early days, when they all lived together on the project island, along with their clone and halfling kin. After the wedding of Linda and KONG they collectively decide to live in common as a community. Deluged with Darrow pheromones, their gatherings become non-stop fuckfests, to be described in detail.

* The Kong-community endless orgy radiates vast beams of orgone energy on the planet, energy in wavelengths and patterns never before known. This triggers the growth and release of yet more primal energies that rock Earth's biosphere. All lifeforms become more energetic, more frantic -- hornier! All Terran lifeforms (and some aliens) are pushed into an eternal mating frenzy. Finally, it's all too much. Earth explodes! Yes, Earth fucks itself to death.

NEXT: Can a full-size King Kong Klone stand against The Attack Of The 50-Foot Cheerleaders?

-----

AUTHOR'S NOTE (in case anyone cares): This story takes place in a universe where the KING KONG and JURASSIC PARK films are documentaries. I try to abide by the natural laws of that universe. You can judge how well I've done. My thanks to monoblanco for editing suggestions.

--Hypoxia (gasp!)