 Aerlin was still buzzing from her encounter with Reni when she arrive back at the lodgings and office she shared with Sineo. Their rooms were on the second floor of a blocky two-story just barely on the northern side of the Promenade. Their neighborhood, Tarloc Circle, was a mix of residential and commercial buildings east of the Council Hall but still west of the rows of mansions lining the northeast corner of the city where Bridge's wealthy elite dwelled. Tarloc Circle wasn't too fancy or too shabby, which was just the way Aerlin and Sineo liked it. 

As she crossed the Promenade, Aerlin mused, as she often did, that the broad stone road which seperated the northern and southern halves of the city was rather like the Great Rift itself. It was a divide sundering two worlds, as different as night and day. In the wider world, the great human empires of Langelia and Hegg were kept apart by the Rift, with only Bridge to connect them. And within Bridge, the posh, aristocratic north was buffered from the hard-working but poorer south by the Promenade. 

She'd spent enough time in both halves of the city to know that, when you got down to it, there wasn't much difference between the people on either side of the Promenade, except that those down south had the decency to look you in the eyes when they stabbed you in the back, while those up north hated to get their own hands dirty. Most of her best clients lived on the northern side, so it behooved her to keep rooms there. But everyone knows the best bars are down south, as long as you don't mind risking your purse being lifted. 

The bottom floor of Aerlin's building was a tavern called Six Cups that plied the cheapest ale and wine north of the Promenade. The libations were weak and watery, but the place was clean and the location was convenient when Aerlin and Sineo had a night off, which had been lamentably often lately. She smiled as she walked by the window and saw a few regulars already three or four cups deep despite the fact that it was still early afternoon. There were days when she might have joined them, but tonight was too important for daytime drinking. 

Aerlin had to cross around back to the alley to access the stairs leading up to the second floor. The entrance wasn't terribly convenient, but she and Sineo seldom entertained clients at home. At the top of the stairs was a thick wooden door which opened straight into their shared office. The room stretched from the rear of the building to the front, and contained so many cluttered piles of books and papers that it resembled a scaled model of the Mountains of Maridel. 

As if on cue, the blue Willspeaker on her desk began singing when she stepped through the door. And who could this be? she wondered. Aerlin walked over to her desk and waved a hand at the receiver, Willing it to activate. 

"Hello?" she said. 

"Ah, Mistress Aerlin," came the measured and confident voice of Urien Torland from the other end. "I was hoping you'd be done with your errands by now." 

She couldn't help smiling. I love it when boys call me. 

"Prince Urien," she said. "What a nice surprise. I didn't expect you to call me personally." 

Urien let out a clipped chuckled. 

"Even a prince of Hegg can concentrate hard enough to operate a Willspeaker. Though I admit that Pendelwort helped me find your frequency." 

Not all princes personally call up women, however, thought Aerlin. She wasn't sure if she should feel flattered or if it she should mark this down as one more idiosyncrasy that set Urien apart from every other person of royal blood she'd ever met. 

"How has your day fared?" Aerlin asked. 

"Quite well, thank you," he said. The prince immediately changed gears, apparently unwilling to get into specifics about his activities. "Can I see you tonight?" 

Not one to beat around the bush, thought Aerlin. There was something very charming about his directness, but she was also conscious of the fact that Altena wanted information on the Prince's activities, and so far he was proving to be very unwilling to share. Aerlin also felt a pang of regret. Any other night but this one, my prince, she thought. 

"I'm afraid I'm otherwise engaged this evening," she said. 

There was a momentary silence from the other end, just long enough to make her wonder. Jealous, Urien? she thought. How sweet. 

"How disappointing," he said, his tone betraying no hint of hurt or envy. "Though I do hope your evening's pursuits prove fruitful." 

"I'm sure they'll be very interesting, if nothing else," said Aerlin. "Perhaps I'll have a story to tell you later." 

"I hope that there is a 'later,'" said Urien. "Though I get the sense that this week is going to be hectic for you." 

Now what gives you that idea, thought Aerlin. She wondered if he could have known of Prince Garin's arrival already. 

"These are hectic times for all of Bridge," said Aerlin. "But I'm confident we'll have more time together. Tomorrow evening, perhaps?" 

"I believe the Mairie has a reception of some kind planned for tomorrow," said Urien. "Sure to be full of stuffy nobles and awful chamber music. But perhaps I'll see you there?" 

"I think it's a distinct possibility. Maybe we can sneak away and find a more stimulating diversion." 

"Now that sounds like a way to liven up a party," replied Urien, and Aerlin recognized the shift in his tone of voice. She imagined his face, and could almost see the want in his eyes. 

"I have some news for you, your highness," she said playfully. "I paid a visit to that blonde-haired girl we saw onstage last night. She's a half-elf hedge wizard named Reni, and she proved very. . . tractable." 

"That sounds like another story worth hearing." His voice was growing husky, and Aerlin felt a thrill of delight at teasing him. 

"You'll like Reni," said Aerlin. "Maybe I'll bring her along tomorrow and you two can get better acquainted." 

"What do you expect me to do with myself tonight?" asked Urien. "I might die from anticipation." 

"Poor Urien," said Aerlin. "I'm sure you'll find a way to occupy yourself. But alas, I really must be going. Duty calls." 

"Don't let me keep you, then," said Urien. The lust immediately disappeared from his voice, and his tone was all business again. "Until tomorrow, Mistress Aerlin." 

A tone sounded as Urien disconnected the Willspeaker on his end. Aerlin breathed deeply and realized that their conversation had gotten her worked up as well. She was picturing Urien's predatory golden eyes and wanting nothing more than to be his prey. 

Then Altena's cold blue gaze invaded her musings, and she felt a tickling of curiosity returning. Urien was up to something - the "hectic week" he'd alluded to - and the Mairie knew more than she was saying as well. Aerlin was caught in the middle, pumping both sides for information but lacking the full picture. Why was Urien Torland in Bridge? It couldn't be mere coincidence that he and a Prince of Langelia were arriving so close to one another. She hated being in the dark, and more than that, she hated being used without knowing why. I'll have to get to the bottom of this my own way, thought Aerlin. You can't call the game without any cards, after all. 

"So that's your mysterious new client," said Sineo, walking into the office from the next room. Her partner had clearly been eavesdropping, and one of his thick black eyebrows was raised inquisitively. Sineo had clearly not left the house today. He was dressed in plain beige trousers and a leather jerkin with no undershirt, plainly displaying his well-muscled chest, meticulously shorn of hair. 

"Our mysterious new client," replied Aerlin. 

She tossed the purse Altena had given her over to Sineo, who caught it with one hand. He pulled on the strings and looked inside before giving an appreciative whistle. 

"You've been a busy girl," he said. 

"You don't know the half of it," said Aerlin. "That was Prince Urien Torland of Hegg I was speaking to just now. A prince of Langelia is arriving tonight, and his twin sister tomorrow. Altena's agreed to pay us both a retainer: one and a half times our normal rate for seven days while we entertain the royalty." 

Sineo gave a whoop of glee and tossed the purse from hand to hand. 

"Aerlin my dear," he said. "I love you. You are more beautiful than the setting sun on the surface of Lake Angol." 

"Flatterer," she said with a smile. "There's something else. Lothor and Gandar have hired a new performer, a half-elf girl named Reni. If you were eavesdropping you would have heard me mention her. I think I'm going to make her my apprentice." 

Sineo cocked his head to one side and pursed his lips. 

"But things are going so perfectly for us," he said. "Why spoil it with another mouth to feed? Is Sineo not enough for you, my love?" 

"Oh stop," said Aerlin. "There's enough work to go around. Think of it as growing our business. And don't worry, I'll pay her from my cut till she can earn on her own." 

Sineo tossed the purse onto a nearby chair and closed the distance between them. 

"Just as long as you don't forget poor Sineo, your first and most adoring protégé," he said in a soft voice. 

He reached a hand up to brush her smooth cheek, and she suppressed a smile, half-turning away. Sineo brought his hands up to her bare shoulders, resting them on her pale skin. He started kneading her muscles with his thumbs and moved in close behind her so that his pelvis touched her backside. She leaned forward and put both hands on the desk in front of her, letting out a sigh as he continued his massage. He's always been particularly good at that, she thought. Aerlin could feel Sineo's hardening manhood through his trousers, and he bent over her body so that his mouth was next to her ear. 

"You've worked so hard for both of us," he whispered. "Let me help you relax." 

Aerlin sighed. She could feel her partner's Will going to work on her, raising her arousal and weakening her resolve. If this were any other day. . . 

"Sineo," she said. "I really need to get ready for tonight." 

"You have plenty of time," he said. 

She let Sineo's hands kneads her shoulders and neck, feeling all her tension slip away. His Will was overpowering her own, and she felt the lust welling up in her like a geyser. He's right, she thought. I do need this. I missed not having Urien again this morning. Reni was wonderful, but there's only so much a woman can do for another woman. 

Sineo's hands found the clasp of her dress and unfastened it. The sleeveless purple garment fell to the ground in a pile around her feet. Sineo's hands trailed down her arms and back up again, and she felt intense warmth wherever the tips of his fingers touched her skin. She felt a thrill at the feeling of his Will-enhanced fingers tracing lines of heat across her body. Sineo worked his way back up to her shoulders before starting down her back, tracing lines down the side of her spine. Aerlin couldn't help but let out a low moan. 

Her partner leaned in close, pressing their bodies together, and kissed her neck. The dark stubble on his face tickled her skin pleasantly, and she gasped as his lips suddenly became quite warm as well. Oh, you seductive bastard, she thought. I taught you well. 

With one hand Sineo grabbed the bun of her chestnut hair, gently but firmly, and turned her head so that he could kiss her. His lips blazed with heat and passion, and she felt herself melting under his touch. His other hand curled down her side before moving around to trace hot little circles on her stomach. All the blood in her body seemed to be pounding between her legs, thanks to Sineo's Will-enhanced efforts. Her partner's tongue pushed its way between her lips, and she gratefully accepted it. His hand on her stomach moved upwards to her left breast which hung pendulously beneath her, and when he started circling her light brown nipple with hot fingertips she moaned into his mouth. 

Sineo knew she was ready without her speaking a word. They knew each other well enough by now that she didn't have to tell him when she wanted to be fucked; he could just sense it. Sineo pulled back from her briefly, leaving her aching at the loss of his hot lips and fingers. As she continued leaning over the desk Aerlin could heard a rustle of clothing as her partner quickly undressed. Then she felt his warm hands on her hips and the head of his cock, hot with Will and arousal, probing her wet outer lips. Sineo reach around to squeeze one of Aerlin's breasts and thrust powerfully into her cunt, bottoming out in one stroke. 

Aerlin cried out as Sineo entered her. She felt incredibly full, stuffed to the brim and then some. Sineo's cock was the biggest she'd ever seen, on a human at least, and she was a bit surprised to have taken it all in one thrust. He's got me more worked up than I thought. Size wasn't terribly important to Aerlin, especially not when the Will could work so many wonders, but she had to admit that she loved Sineo's manhood and the way it felt lodged in her cunt, nearly splitting her apart. 

He pulled back and thrust in again, going even deeper this time, which seemed impossible. Aerlin gasped as his head brushed the gate of her womb. Merciful Shapers, she thought, shuddering with pleasure. I'm not going to last long at all. Sineo grabbed her hips firmly with both hands and started fucking her slowly and thoroughly, each thrust pulling out so that the flared skin around his cockhead just started to slip out of her sex before reentering her powerfully. She cried out softly each time. 

Aerlin felt a tendril of Will-manipulated air start to flick back and forth over her clit. She started moaning louder, feeling her orgasm approach, and she longed for Sineo to just fuck her hard and fast. But he continued his deliberate pace, keeping her close to the edge but not quite tumbling over. The heat in her abdomen built and built, until she felt ready to explode. The air around her clit clamped down hard and Sineo gave one final, savage thrust which pushed her forward before holding himself inside Aerlin as she climaxed hard. Her cunt began fluttering over his cock, clamping and unclamping her muscles rapidly, and a million tiny points of light danced in front of her eyes. Aerlin's arms gave out and she collapsed onto the desk, shuddering as the waves of pleasure crashed over her. She was dimly aware that Sineo was still supporting her to keep her from toppling over completely. 

When the climax subsided, Aerlin realized that Sineo's enormous cock was still planted firmly inside her. Her heart was still thudding in her chest, but she managed to use some Will to ease the post-orgasmic fatigue settling over her. Sineo withdrew from her and she turned around to face him again. His amber eyes burned with passion, and his erect cock jutted out from his body, the head swollen and purple. 

"How do you always know just what I need?" she asked. 

"Because you were a superb teacher," he replied. "And I was an excellent student." 

She scooted her butt onto the desk and spread her legs wantonly, displaying her dripping quim to him. Aerlin crooked a finger and Sineo took the hint. He closed the gap between them and embraced her, his lips finding her own. Their tongues danced together, and she could feel his manhood pressing against her stomach. 

Aerlin reached down between them and grabbed his shaft, still slick with her juices. Sineo groaned into her mouth as she stroked him, squeezing him lightly. He grabbed her hips, pulling insistently, and she knew what he needed. Aerlin scooted forward on the desk until she was almost hanging off of it, legs dangling over the floor. She guided Sineo's cock to her wet cunt and he thrust forward, instantly filling her again. Despite having just taken him, she still gasped a bit in surprise at how stuffed she felt with him inside her sex. 

"Fuck me hard," said Aerlin. 

She lay back on the desk and Sineo complied, wrapping an arm around one of her legs to hold her open. He leaned forward, balancing himself with his other hand, and started pounded her pussy. From the insistency of his powerful, almost painful, thrusts she knew he wouldn't last long. 

"Not inside me," she said. "Cum on my breasts." 

Aerlin felt herself getting worked up again, and realized it was Sineo's Will rejuvenating her, restoring her energy and pushing her towards another climax. Fingers of air started to stroke her clit up and down rapidly while Sineo fucked her at a rapid pace. He drove his cock into her relentlessly, tirelessly, and it occurred to her that he must have been using his Will to deaden his senses and hold of his own orgasm until she reached her peak once more. Overcome by gratitude and affection for her partner, she reached up to stroke his chest with one hand, running a long fingernail playfully around a nipple. She looked deep into his eyes, burning intensely with lust and concentration. Am I ever glad I found you, she thought. 

Then she was at the edge again, tensing every muscle in her body as she hit her peak, this one less powerful than before, more like a gentle rain shower than a roiling storm. Sineo withdrew, clearly at the end of his rope and incredibly worked up from how long he'd held off. He grabbed hold of his cock and stroked himself off. The first jet of his seed arced over her body and landed on her neck. Two more hot spurts erupted and struck her left breast, one covering her nipple. A final two weaker drops landed on her stomach, and she marvelled at how the hot seed reminded her of how Sineo's hot fingers had felt on her body a short time ago. 

She sighed and looked up at her partner, who was panting with exhaustion and leaning on the desk for support. His eyes were admiring the way her fair skin looked painted with his cum, and she made a show of wiping a bit of his essence onto two fingers and bringing it to her mouth to lick them clean. Sineo grinned and nodded appreciatively. He moved to help, using a hand to gather the errant strands of cum he'd shot onto her, and once he'd scooped up most it he brought it to her mouth where she drank it down. 

"Wonderful," she said, licking her lips. "You know, a wizard in Maridel once told me that the Will is life-energy drawn from our Well of Soul, and that a person's seed is their life-energy honed and concentrated. So in a way, feeding me your cum is giving me some of your Will. And to be honest, I've always thought Orezzans like you have the finest tasting seed. What do you think?" 

"I think I'd like to fuck you again," said Sineo. And he wasn't lying. Despite having come a short time ago, Sineo's cock was swelling again before her eyes. Lindis wondered if he was using Will to make it big. She admired the way the head peeked out from his foreskin as it filled with blood, turning red and then purple as it grew. He put a hand around it and stroked it the rest of the way, until he was like iron again, a bead of cum dripping from the tip. 

Lindis sighed with regret. She hated to disappoint him. 

"Sineo," she said. 

"Yes my sweet?" 

Aerlin stood up from the desk, and as she did so, she Willed Sineo's arms and legs to lock up. Her partner's eyes went wide with surprise and he nearly toppled over. Aerlin gently maneuvered him into her desk chair. 

"I've got to get ready for tonight," said Aerlin, giving Sineo a sad half-smile. "Prince Garin of Langelia will be arriving, and Altena needs me there to greet him." 

She brushed a hand over the dark stubble on his cheeks and chin. Her hand trailed down his bare chest towards his terrific erection. Aerlin leaned in and gave him a gentle kiss as she squeezed his cock. 
