 ***Much thanks to SleeperyJim for his outstanding work editing.***  

*****

The ice cold water hit Ethan like... well, a bucket of ice cold water. 

"Get up boy!" a voice said. 

He snapped awake and leap out of bed. It took almost a second for him to get his bearings, and when he did he realized it was still dark outside. He had been sleeping in the trainee barracks of The Bank, and it looked like a medieval version of every barracks he'd ever seen in a movie.

"We're burning daylight, now stop wasting time," Heinrich said. 

Ethan shivered and instinctively shook much of the water off like a dog or cat would. The action peppered the entire room in water, much to the consternation of those who hadn't been woken by the commotion. 

"It's time for training," Heinrich said. 

"But it's still dark outside," Ethan yawned.

WHACK!

Heinrich's fist smashed into the side of his face and knocked Ethan clean off his feet because he wasn't ready for it. 

"What was that for?" Ethan shouted as he bristled on all fours. 

"Your enemies will not wait for dawn to attack, so neither will I," Heinrich replied. "Come, training awaits."

And train they did. 

Every. Single. Day. For almost two weeks. 

For nearly a fortnight, the routine was the same. Heinrich would wake Ethan up before dawn, drag him out to the training grounds and drill him hard. Ethan was occasionally given a few moments to wolf down some food and drink, but Heinrich kept him training every second he wasn't eating, drinking, sleeping, or relieving himself.

He was a harsh teacher, but fair. He never belittled Ethan, but constantly pointed out the flaws in his technique and pushed him to improve. For sixteen hours every day, he pushed him to become a better fighter. Despite his cold attitude, he was there every minute of training and Ethan developed a healthy respect for him. For two weeks Ethan ate, and then Heinrich ate. Ethan drank, and then Heinrich drank. Ethan slept, and then Heinrich slept.

After a whole week of non-stop practice, Ethan's short spear was beginning to feel like an extension of his body. Despite the 7 foot length, Ethan could strike a target nearly ten feet away in a single move. Heinrich also taught Ethan to be accurate when throwing it. He didn't hit the bull's eye every time, but he was getting better. 

He was not getting better at the sparring sessions though. 

He finally won a single sparring match at the end of the first week, but not with Heinrich. It was against one of the other guards and Ethan was pretty sure he'd only won because the other guard had become distracted. It took almost the whole two weeks before Ethan won his second sparring match. 

Ethan longed to heal up the hundreds of small bruises he could feel under his scales. The scales didn't bruise of course, but the flesh under them was a different story. Unfortunately, he'd burned up all his Mana healing Alana and had barely recovered any of it, as he was rarely near any gold. 

Occasionally, he could feel Alana's presence near the training grounds. He never saw her and she was never around long enough for his mana to regenerate much, but he was pretty sure she watched him now and then. He would occasionally feel a strong flicker of emotion over their bond whenever he would get particularly badly hit. He was true to her request and didn't look at their bond to see her emotions, but sometimes they were too obvious to miss. 

Finally, after nearly two weeks of constant training, Heinrich lowered his weapon mid-afternoon. 

"Practice is over for today," he announced. "You have a wedding tomorrow and should get a good night's sleep. Go see Madam Hygea, she'll tend to your wounds."

"But what about my..." Ethan started to say. He was a dragon and Madam Hygea would probably be able to tell if she healed him.

"She knows and she can be trusted," Heinrich interrupted. "Don't worry about it." 

Ethan nodded, put his training spear back on a rack and headed outside. It took a few moments for him to realize he hadn't been anywhere except the training grounds, barracks, or mess hall in almost two weeks. He breathed in the fresh air; he'd almost forgotten what it smelled like.

"Hello." A sweet voice came from his right. He turned to see Beth standing there in a royal blue dress. The dress accentuated all of her curves while still being modest and covering everything. It was designed to allure and attract; it did its job perfectly.

"Hi, you look great," 

Beth blushed slightly. "Thank you. Father wouldn't let me see you while you were in training so I wanted to look my best for you."

"I can honestly say you've never looked prettier," Ethan replied honestly, and he couldn't help but smile at her.

Beth beamed. "We only have a few hours before we're separated until the wedding, so let's hurry and get you patched up by Madam Hygea. We have a week's worth of preparations and only a few hours to do them."

"Lead on," Ethan said. He thought he felt Alana's presence nearby, but didn't look at their bond to see. His mind drifted back to just after they'd rescued Beth. The three of them had all gotten along perfectly, and he wished things could be like that again. Despite how impossible it seemed, somewhere deep down inside, a part of him felt like that might be the case eventually. 

For some reason, he felt like it would be sooner rather than later.

* * *

Through the window of her apartment, Alana watched Ethan and Beth leave the training area. 

"You need to stop torturing yourself," Anthiel said. 

"I know," she replied, but didn't look away. 

"This isn't healthy," Anthiel said. "You've been slaving away on those things ever since you got out of the hospital. You should've been resting, not working on a wedding present for your bonded; especially when he's marrying another woman."

"It's not that he's marrying another woman, it's..." 

"It's...?" Anthiel prompted

Alana finally turned from the window as Ethan and Beth disappeared out of sight. "It's being away from him. I don't mind Beth; she a wonderful person and good company it's just..." she sighed. "I don't mind her being around Ethan; I just mind that I can't be around him."

Anthiel blinked several times, opened her mouth several times to speak, and then closed it without a word.

"I know, it doesn't make any sense," the wood elf shook her head and flopped down on a chair. 

"The heart wants what the heart wants. What doesn't make sense is you killing yourself working on his wedding present." 

"But I'm almost done and he needs something to protect himself. Lord Delmar will find him eventually and I want him to survive when that happens." 

"But you've been pushing your mana to the edge," Anthiel countered. "How you aren't dead already I'll never know." 

"When Ethan and I bonded, it changed the way I collect magic. I collect it fastest when he's around. But I can still collect it faster than I used to, even when he's far away."

"Look, I can't stop you from enchanting your life away. However, you need to get away from Ethan. That man is trouble with a capital T." 

"I know," Alana replied with a sigh. "I sent a rider to my Uncle Garth. He has a traveling caravan and I'll be joining them in a few weeks when they swing by Gralden again." 

Alana felt her eyes get a little watery and blinked to try and hide it. She knew her attraction to Ethan was partially because of the bond. However, that didn't mean she would miss him less; quite the opposite in fact. 

"You're sure?" Anthiel asked

"I'm not going to let my personal feelings get in the way of doing what's right," Alana said. "Ethan is going to marry Beth. As much as I'd love to..." Alana trailed off. She knew exactly what she wanted; she just couldn't bring herself to say it out loud. 

"You're a good friend," Antheil said.

"Thank you," Alana replied, and she even managed a half smile. "Now, I need to get these finished before the wedding tomorrow."

Anthiel nodded and they sat together in companionable silence for quite a while. Alana would never admit it, but being away from Ethan was killing her. She only hoped time and distance would make it easier. 

* * *

Rachel watched from the balcony as everyone in the temple below rose to their feet. The building was constructed entirely of whitewashed stone and adorned with gold implements, including candle stands and torch sconces. The many massive windows bathed the entire room in the light of the afternoon sun. A single massive stained glass window depicting the great God Illuminar radiating light dominated the head of the temple.

The wealthiest members of the town occupied most of the sanctuary. They sat on comfortable padded pews while the few commoners lucky enough to be inside were crammed into the back, which was standing room only. 

Moments later, the music began and Beth came walking down the aisle in a long white dress. Her face was beaming and there seemed to be a spring in her step. Rachel couldn't help but smile at the joy on Beth's face, but she was utterly disgusted by her too. 

The cognitive dissonance was overwhelming. 

She started absent-mindedly turning her ring and scratching the skin under it. She knew something was wrong, but every time she tried to figure out what it was her brain fogged over. 

Beth reached the end of the aisle where a man waited for her. Rachel was sure it was the dragon, but she hadn't actually seen him use a disguise gem. They joined hands and the priest started the wedding ceremony. 

Rachel wished them a long and happy marriage, while at the same time thinking they should be burned alive for the blasphemy of going against Lord Delmar's thoughts on interspecies marriage. The idea of a human marrying an elf was tolerable - barely - but a human marrying a dragon...

There were enough candles and the room was warm enough that it would only take a few seconds to pull all the heat, form it into an enormous fireball and incinerate both Beth and the dragon where they stood. Without a fire it would've taken most of her mana - leaving her nearly defenseless - but every fiber of her being wanted to anyway. The compulsion was telling her that sacrificing herself to rid the world of this abomination was the right thing to do. 

Rachel had enough willpower to resist, but barely. She would certainly be caught and killed. Her instinct for self-preservation stayed her hand, but only just. 

"I can wait until tonight" she reasoned with herself. "I'll slip into their room, kill them both and escape unnoticed." 

"You had better," The compulsion responded. 

Rachel smiled to herself. Just a few more hours and she would rid the world of this filthy abomination for Lord Delmar. Despite herself, Rachel hoped they would somehow escape her clutches. 

* * *

"I do," Ethan said after a deep breath. 

The priest turned toward Beth and she recited her own wedding vows. Oddly enough, the vows included a promise that Beth would obey him. Ethan barely had time to wonder if it was a cultural thing before the priest - who they called a 'Luminar' - turned to Beth to administer her vows. 

"I absolutely do," Beth said when the priest had finished. Her eyes were shining like a full moon on a cloudless night and her face radiated bliss. He couldn't help but smile back at her. 

"This couple wishes to exchange more than vows," the priest said. "They wish to become permanently bonded through the linking of their deep mana."

At this pronouncement, faint whispers erupted throughout the hall. 

"They have the necessary skill," The priest said. "Now if you will join hands, then please exchange your deep mana."

Ethan took Beth's hand and closed his eyes. He could see the slushy pool of mana in his mind's eye. But under the slush was something else. Like water and oil, they were both liquid, but different, and refused to mix. He pushed his will toward the oil-like deep mana and started to move it toward Beth. 

It took several seconds for him to push it out of his body and into his wife. He only allowed it to trickle out so that he didn't deplete himself as he had done with Alana. Moments later, he felt Beth take hold of his mana and accept it, at the same time as she offered her deep mana to him and he accepted it. 

He could feel his magic mixing with hers. 

He wasn't a religious man, but he almost wanted to use the word soul. It was like each was mixing a little of their very identity into the other. Their bond flared up in strength for the briefest moment as it finished. During that second, he caught a glimpse of... there was no other way to say it; her soul. 

She was laid completely bare before him. 

All of her life experiences, all of her emotions, the entire essence of her being and who she was flashed through his mind and heart in an instant. She was a truly good person. She had a streak of jealousy that she wasn't proud of, but otherwise she was truly good and without guile. He could almost see the sweet innocence in her soul that made her so joyful all the time. 

Ethan opened his eyes and it was like he was seeing Beth for the first time. For some reason, her eyes looked brighter, her face more attractive, and her scent more alluring. She was at once captivating, humbling, and beautiful. Her feminine curves leapt out at his eyes; the fall of her hair, the curve of her hips, the roundness of her breasts...

He could feel the blood rushing to his loins and his cock had already emerged and was growing quickly. Ethan had never been so glad for his disguise gem, and it protecting his modesty in front of the crowd. If they weren't in a room full of people, he would've taken her right there. 

"The bond is complete," the Luminar said. "May Illuminar bless your union with gold in your purse, children in your house and allies at your side. You are now joined as husband and wife. Sir Ethan, you may kiss your bride."

Ethan stepped towards Beth, wrapped his arms around her, and kissed her full on the lips. She collapsed slightly and kissed him back with all her might. Her tongue even played at the entrance of his mouth, though given his sharp teeth he didn't let her enter. 

"That was some kiss," Beth whispered when they stopped

"Yeah." 

"I hope there will be more tonight," Beth said with a wink, then added so quietly only Ethan could hear her. "I can see through your disguise now."

Beth looked down and blanched when she saw his cock and her eyes went wide. Ethan opened his mouth to reassure her, but the Luminar interrupted. 

The man cleared his throat. "If the happy couple will lead the way to the banquet hall, the celebrations shall begin." 

Ethan soon learned that Beth was a master of guiding while appearing to follow. She steered him outside, down the main street, and through the massive double doors of the correct building, smiling and waving at the adoring townsfolk all the while. Inside, the hall was richly furnished and covered in festive decorations. A full orchestra occupied one corner of the room, although Ethan didn't recognize many of the instruments. 

The food was delicious. His dragon stomach loved meat more than anything else, but many of the non-meat dishes were good enough that he had seconds. Beth ate a full meal, but he noticed she spent a lot more time stealing glances at him than eating. Unless he mistook the look in her eye, she was impatient for the evening. 

Once the meal was over, the centre of the room was cleared and dancing commenced. Ethan managed not to make too big a fool of himself, thanks to Beth's instruction the previous day. Much to his surprise, he found himself enjoying it immensely. 

His mood was much improved, even with Alana not being there. He didn't miss her any less, but he felt better since bonding to Beth. 

The bond with Alana...

Ethan checked his bond with the wood elf and discovered it was still there as strong as ever. He felt a strange combination of sadness and happiness coming from her, and he guessed it was because she missed him but was happy for them as a couple. 

"My bond with Alana didn't break," Ethan said to Beth when they had a quiet moment alone. 

"Oh," Beth said, her disappointment evident despite her attempts to conceal it. "You're bonded with me though, right?"

Ethan closed his eyes and searched around for any trace of the presence of Beth's bond. It was there, but small and faint; like a shadow in a bright room you can't quite see, but you know is there. 

"Absolutely," he replied, but didn't add that he couldn't feel her emotions the way he could feel Alana's. 

"Okay." Beth bit her lip and nodded, after which an official whisked them away to shake hands with some very wealthy looking people. 

After an hour, Lord Borden called on the guests to present their gifts to the couple. Most of the gifts were fine clothes, expensive trinkets, or refined luxuries. There was a long line, and Lord Borden had his servants take the gifts as they were presented to prevent them piling up around Ethan and Beth. 

Ethan noticed that Antheil was also standing in the line of people with two gifts. One of them was very thin and at least seven feet long. The other was about two feet long with a wider section near the top. Anthiel was glaring daggers at him. If looks could kill, Ethan would have needed an undertaker.

Then it happened.

Anthiel was nearing the head of the line when the massive double doors to the banquet hall were pushed open. There was a slightly booming echo followed by the creak of the hinges as they opened and it drew all eyes to them. 

Half a dozen men walked in, arrayed in ceremonial dress armor and carrying weapons too ornate to be used on any battlefield. Their chainmail was painted black and clinked as they walked. A surcoat covered most of their chainmail, and on it was emblazoned a stylized black dragon on a red background. The soldiers were arrayed in perfect formation around their leader. 

Ethan shivered when he saw him. 

The leader was at least six and a half feet tall and was built like a champion body builder. His robes were regal, elegant, and looked like they cost a year's wages. Covering his chest was the same stylized dragon. His hair was short and jet black, as were his eyes. There was no trace or hint of warmth in them; they were as cold and black as death itself. 

The man was truly, deeply scary. 

Ethan had never felt pure dread from merely seeing a man before, but somehow he managed it. There was something predatory about his walk and gaze. He moved with a fluidity that was at once graceful and terrifying; he looked like he could pounce at any moment. It was like watching an apex predator sizing up potential prey as the man looked around the room.

Ethan felt the scales on the back of his neck stand up slightly. There was something deeply wrong with this man. 

"Lord Delmar," Lord Borden said as he stood. "You didn't send word you were coming." 

The man - Lord Delmar - bowed to Lord Borden, but it didn't come off as respectful. Somehow, it conveyed disdain instead. 

"Forgive me Lord Borden," Lord Delmar said, though his tone showed no hint of remorse. "I was not informed of your daughter's wedding, nor did I receive an invitation." 

"My deepest apologies Lord Delmar," Lord Borden said. "I shall have my steward flogged for the oversight." 

Ethan was about to open his mouth to protest when Beth whispered in his ear. "He's just placating him; he was purposely not invited." 

"I have also heard rumors of a dragon roar heard near the bank a fortnight ago," Lord Delmar said. "Naturally, I gathered an entire legion of my best dragon slayers to assist should you fall under attack. They are outside the city as we speak and stand ready to defend your city should the dragon return." 
