 Kneeling on a small piece of carpeting, amid the fake ruins of a city, I contemplated giving my first blowjob to the man standing in front me. I hesitantly reached inside his open fly, and was startled that his cock felt even larger than I had suspected.

I just had to see it. So, I unbuckled his pants and pulled them down around his ankles. His underwear had come with the pants, allowing his huge long cock dangling directly in front of my face. I gasped.

Even partially soft, it was easily 12 inches long, and amazingly thick. Unconsciously, I clinched my vagina, as I thought about that enormous thing inside me. I tilted my head to look in his eyes, and smiled shyly.

My curiosity had gotten the better of me. I could hardly back out now. He grinned down at me.

"Two things to remember about a good blowjob. First, try to maintain eye contact with the guy throughout. Second, keep your tongue stuck out. That opens your throat, making it easier for him to get down your throat. This will cause you to choke at first, but focus on breathing through your nose. Once you have had enough practice, you will overcome your natural gag reflex, and it will get much easier," he said.

Our eyes were locked on each other. I took his member in my hands, and slowly stroked it. It immediately grew in length and width. While trying to keep my eyes focused on his, I tentatively opened my mouth, and stuck out my tongue. I had to really stretch my jaws, just to get the tip in my mouth.

When my lips closed around it, he moaned, softly. I began sucking and licking the huge head. The idea of tasting another man's cock made my stomach churn. It made me feel like such a homo. I had to fight down the urge to vomit.

Fortunately, he softly stroked my hair, which drew my attention back to him. He gradually shoved his cock deeper into my mouth. When it reached the back of my throat, I choked, making funny burbling noises. A moment of panic overtook me, as I fought to get air.

He pulled back slightly, then plunged it down my throat. Lack of oxygen and the fear of choking made me pull away. However, his hands caught the back of my head, and shoved me onto him. Wondering if he was going to suffocate me, I stared up at him, helpless, wide-eyed.

My nostrils flared, as I attempted to suck in air. However, he soon pulled his cock out, allowing me to breath between coughs. Air had never tasted so sweet. Saliva ran down my chin, and dropped on the carpet beneath me.

My head was spinning, as he shoved his cock back down my throat, using his large hands to force my head forward again. I watched his face tighten, and heard him groan, deeply.

I began moving my head back and forth, sucking his cock, hard, and using my tongue piercing to dig into the bottom of his stiff shaft. I felt a head rush, as his face redden, and he groaned even louder. Suddenly, I felt that the control and power had shifted to me.

As I sucked and licked him, I could feel myself getting wetter. The whole time, I had kept my hands behind me, as he had instructed. With my eyes locked on his, I worked his cock, faster and faster.

Then, I began to taste something new, and roiled from the perception, as I recognized that it must be precum from his cock. As a man, back in reality, this would have make me vomit. However, in my aroused condition as a woman, it just encouraged me to suck him harder.

I sensed he was close to coming. So, I redoubled my efforts. It made me hot to watch the changing expressions on his face. Abruptly, he pulled out of my mouth, causing me to spit saliva everywhere. Staring up at him, I grinned and wiped my mouth and chin, with the back of my hand. I felt a surge of pride, I had done it!

He grinned back down at me, while squeezing his cock. It was rock hard, and he was trying not to come. I couldn't help wanting it inside me.

"Girl, that was incredible! You almost made me come!" he said, gasping.

"Little Ole me?" I replied, smiling, mischievously.

"You pass with excellence! That was the best blowjob I have ever had!" he said, still panting.

He pulled up his underwear and pants, and then raised me to my feet. He took the top of my sundress, pulled it down around my waist, revealing my bra and large tits. Then, he unfastened the bra, and my enormous breasts flopped out. They were far bigger than I even had imagined. 

Looking down at them, I could see large areolas, and long erect nipples. Alan starred at them too. They were clearly arousing him, signaled by a growing bulge in his pants. I stood there, bare chested, and quite pleased with myself, not even trying to hide my ear-to-ear grin.

"Okay hot stuff, you want to demonstrate your talents with the other two costars? After all, they need to get stiff too." he said, winking at me.

My eyes widened in alarm. Sucking Alan off privately had been one thing, but the idea giving blowjobs in front of everyone made my stomach turn. Nevertheless, I had come this far, and now I wanted to impress Alan. So, I nodded.

I knelt there on the carpet, with my large tits exposed, and waited while Alan retrieved the Ben and Phil.

With the two men in tow, Alan rounded the corner. They all smiled at sight of me kneeling there, tits fully visible, and my tongue out.

"Oh, gorgeous, hold that pose, I have a delicious popsicle for you," Ben said, chuckling.

He quickly moved right in front of me, unbuttoned his jumpsuit, and pulled it down over his thighs, exposing his giant cock. It was shorter than Alan's, but far thicker. I looked up into his face, and took him into my mouth. The tip of his thick cock barely fit.

Phil moved next to me, and I used my right hand to stroke him. As I licked and sucked Ben's quickly swelling member, I glanced over at Phil, and was shocked to see the enormous size of his cock. His easily had the biggest one I had even seen, at least 14 inches long, and quite fat too.

When I moved my mouth to take it in, the best I could do was lick it. Fortunately, Phil hadn't expected much more, and settled for just rubbing it against my lips and cheeks. I appreciated that he was being reasonable about the limitations of the human mouth.

As I sucked Phil's huge balls, he smiled down at me. When I had gotten them rock hard, they moved away to avoid coming, prematurely. Kneeling there, with saliva and precum dripping from my open mouth, I was grinning like a fool. What a head rush!

Suddenly, I noticed that both cameramen had been filming me. They were on each side of me, lens pointed in my direction. Alan saw my reaction, and stepped forward to help me up.

"Allie, you were so hot! I told the cameramen to catch your action for the film. It will save you from having to do it again," he said, rubbing my back and holding me close.

"Hey, I have no objection to Allie doing it again! Best head of my life!" Ben said, pulling up his jumpsuit.

I winked at him, and put my arm around Alan's waist, pulling him even closer.

"Since we're hard, let's get this show on the road. We will start with Allie running through the ruins. You two will chase her, while I wait over by that mattress. When she runs that direction, I will catch her. She has asked that I enter her first, so you two will hang back a bit, until we have a good rhythm going, then come in. She will give head to both you, while I take her from behind. After that, I provide further directions," Alan said.

The entire time he had been talking, I was tensing up, imagining those three enormous cocks inside me. Alan sensed the pressure, and took me aside.

"Hey, this next part is the most fun. You get to lie there, while we do all the work!" he said, smiling.

I swatted at him, but he jumped back. Everyone laughed, which broke the tension. Alan changed into a jumpsuit, while I cleaned up my face from the blowjobs.

With everything in place, I stepped out on the sand of the set, and my heels sunk in. It was going to be difficult to run in this stuff, but that was probably the idea.

I pulled my sundress up over my giant tits, leaving the bra off. Alan wanted my tits to bounce, while I was attempted to escape. My costars went out on the sand, and moved about forty feet behind me. I glanced at Alan, and he gave me a reassuring nod.

"Action!" he yelled.

I ran. With each step, my heels sank deep into the sand, forcing me to slowly churn through it. I made my way toward the area with the mattress.

After crawling over a partially demolished foundation wall, I saw the mattress nestled between another foundation, just a few yards away. So, I picked up the pace. My large tits and long ponytails bounced in time with my labored footfalls.

As I crossed the remaining distance, I saw the cameras out of the corner of my eye, following my progress. My pulse was racing, and I was panting heavily. Sweat ran down my back. When I finally got near the mattress. I tried to jump on it. However, just as I was to land, Alan's strong hand snatched me right out of the air.

The force of his grip momentarily stunned me. I gasped, as his other hand literally ripped my sundress off, leaving me naked, except for the six-inch heels. The impact would have made me collapse, if not for his hand around my neck.

He roughly shoved me onto the mattress. I fell face first. Sucking in air, and then attempted to get up. Abruptly, he gripped both of my hips, and easily lifted me up onto my hands and knees. I whimpered from the harsh treatment, but tensed when I felt the tip of his cock against the folds of my labia. I clinched in fear.

Without a word, he plunged inside me with such force that his cock slammed into my cervix. I screamed in pain. It felt like my stomach had been punctured.

I was both terrified and unbelievably horny. The strange mixture of pain and pleasure made me groan, loudly. Before I could fully comprehend what was going on, he began to pump me, hard.

My lips parted, and I let out a loud moan. I glanced down at my tummy, and saw it bulge with each penetration. The rapid pace of his thrusts made it difficult to breath, so I had to ignore his cock, and concentrate on not suffocating. With each powerful thrust, his thighs slammed into my small caves, literally lifting me off my knees.

His cock repeatedly hit my tender cervix, causing me to cramp. My legs quivered, as he picked up the pace. I was so overwhelmed, I couldn't move. I whined and whimpered loudly in rhythm with his powerful thrusts.

He leaned over my back, and kept deeply penetrating me. When his mouth reached my ear, he whispered to me.

"Focus on the cramps. They will make you come," he said.

I wondered how he knew that my cervix was cramping. It didn't matter. I could barely think from the hard pounding. Soon, I realized he was right, the cramps were causing my pelvis to tighten, just like an orgasm. Despite his enormous girth, I was so wet that he could slide in and out of me faster and faster.

I had forgotten altogether about the cameras, until one came close to my face. I stared at the lens, mouth open, body jerking, and came. When the waves of pleasure subsided, Alan stopped pumping, and shouted, "Cut!"

I collapsed on the mattress, gasping for air. Alan knelt next to me.

"You were great!" he said, loudly, so everyone could hear.

I just lie there, catching my breath, but I looked up at him, grateful for the kind words. When I had somewhat recovered, he helped me up. I stood there naked, bent over, hands on knees, shaking, panting, and wobbling. He wrapped an arm around my waist to steady me. I looked up at him, with a weak smile.

My mind raced. That had been the most painful and erotic sex of my life. I glanced around, as I heard Ben and Phil join us. Alan bent close to me.

"If you are ready, we will do the next shot," he said, looking at me, expectantly.

I nodded feebly, wondering if I had lost my mind.

"Good. Allie will be back on all fours, but this time she will be sucking you two, while I take her ass," he said.

At hearing of my impending ass fucking, I stiffened and gasped. The thought of taking his huge cock up my tiny tight ass frightened me. He smiled, and pulled me close to him. 

"Let's take five, while I get Allie ready," he said.

Alan firmly kissed my lips, and then probed my mouth with his tongue. I returned the favor. While we were kissing passionately, his fingers pried open my ass cheeks. I tried to relax them, and let his finger work into my rectum. It felt good.

He lifted me by the hips, and I wrapped my legs around his waist, which fully exposed my ass. He reached underneath me, and slipped something warm and small into my anus. Completely forgetting that the crew and cast were watching, I moaned like an animal in heat.

I suddenly remembered everyone there, and my face turned red. I glanced Ben and Phil. They were quietly applauding me. I buried my face in Alan's massive chest, tying to drown everyone out. Then, I felt my ass being filled with some kind of lube. My legs tightened around his waist, when the object in my ass began to expand, rapidly. 

He continued to kiss me, while my rectum was forced open and closed by this odd butt plug. I could feel my anus expanding and contracting in ever greater degrees. We stayed like that for several minutes. Toward the end, my ass was gaping.

Then, Alan lowered me to the mattress, and got behind me. I opened my mouth wide, and stuck out my tongue.

"Action," Alan shouted.

Ben and Phil moved next to my head. Their giant stiff cocks hung near my mouth. I wrapped my lips around Ben's huge member, and sucked him. Alan slipped into my ass, and I groaned into Ben's cock. With two giant cocks impaling me, I felt a bit like a boar being roasted over a fire pit.

As Alan began to pump my tight ass, I was totally helpless, and couldn't even scream. My nostrils flared wide to suck in air, and I tried to focus on my breathing. Soon, the stimulation from both ends overwhelmed me. It was incredibly erotic, and more than a little painful.

Growing up, I had been an athletic boy, always the alpha male in any group, mostly the result of my large size. When I started dating girls, it was only natural that I sought out the most submissive ones. I was comfortable taking the lead, driving home the point, so to speak.

Needless to say, I was astonished by the way I had so easily shifted from pitcher to catcher in this virtual reality. I not only found being submissive tolerable, but reveled in it. There must have always been a part of my macho persona that craved to give up control, and be taken roughly.

These thoughts raced through my hormone addled mind, as Alan picked up the pace, going balls deep into my tight little ass. I loved the feeling of his scrotum slapping my swollen labia. However, my colon was taking a real beating, and began to burn.

I kept moaning into Ben's cock, while I used my left hand to stroke Phil's giant member. I couldn't believe I was enjoying this so much. What a nasty VR slut I had become!

My heavy breast swung back and forth, in perfect time with Alan's powerful thrusts. As I moved my mouth from Ben to Phil's cock, I moaned, loudly. I ran my tongue up and down Phil's stiff shaft, and continued to groan, loudly.

My ass was on fire, but in a good way. Tears ran down my cheeks, smearing my eyeliner everywhere. A camera pushed closer to my face, catching my wide-eyed expression. I tried to smile, but it was difficult to do, with a huge cock rammed down my throat.

I finally managed to get Phil's cock halfway in my mouth, but it soon became too difficult to breath. I gagged and coughed, as he face-fucked me. Just as I was about to pull away, Alan rolled back, taking me with him. I ended up on top, with his cock impaling my ass.

This position forced him even deeper inside my colon. I raised myself up, and then dropped back down on him, hard. Whimpering with each motion, I continued to bounce on his cock. My large breasts bounced in rhythm with my movements, nipples rock hard.

Ben moved between my legs, grabbed my ankles and lifted them, spreading me wide. My pussy was fully exposed and glistened. He gently forced his cock into it.

Once he was inside me, I gulped air. I had never felt so filled in my life! The possibility of double penetration hadn't occurred to me, but I suppose it should, given the circumstances. The two men began pumping me in unison.

I had to concentrate on breathing, as Phil stuck his giant cock once more into my open mouth. I looked up at him. His face was contorted with ecstasy.

Without warning, I began squirting all over Ben's crotch. He pulled out of me, and rubbed my clit furiously, which caused me to squirt even more. As he continued to rub me, he had to pin my legs open.

I whaled the whole time, but Ben and Phil managed to keep my thighs spread. I saw flashes of light from the over stimulation. Forcing me to orgasm was both painful and erotic. Soon, the pleasure turned to pure agony. It was just too much for me to handle. My head flopped around, and I screamed at the top of my lungs.

Ben stopped, and then traded places with Phil. I was so limp, I felt like a ragdoll. Ben stuck his wet fingers into my mouth, and I sucked my pussy juices off them. Once I had Ben's cock in my mouth, I glanced at Phil. His massive cock made me tense.

Phil slide just the tip of it must inside my soaked pussy. Alan slowed his ass pumping to allow Phil to get fully inside me. I groaned from the stretching.

He managed to get about three-quarters of his massive member in me. It felt like I was going to tear in half. He slowly began to pump me. Phil and Alan synchronized their strokes. One would enter me, while the other withdrew.

Without realizing it, I began squirting again. The extra lube helped Phil get even deeper into me. As he bottomed out, I squirted more. I was so filled that I couldn't move. Apparently, my female ejaculation had aroused Phil because I suddenly felt him coming deep inside me.

His back arched, and he shook head-to-toe. I watched his face grimace, as he lost control, and pumped me, wildly. I screamed in a combination of ecstasy and agony. He finally stopped thrusting, and pulled his giant cock halfway out, squeezing it, to make sure he left every last drop of semen inside me. 

Phil released my ankles, and stepped back, allowing the cameraman to get a closeup of my soaked cunt. Thick wades of white semen oozed out of me, and ran down my ass crack. I loved the feeling!

Ben easily slipped into me, and he shortly delivered his payload as well. Once he was out, the cameraman got another closeup, while I squeezed his seed. The money shot.

We took a break from the action, and had something to drink. Then, back on the mattress, Alan took me missionary style, with my heels pointed toward the high ceiling. I was amazed at how strong his thrusts were. Each time he slammed into me, my entire body vibrated, and I screamed, loudly.

My stomach tightened, as I moved toward another orgasm. When Alan came, wades of warm sperm shot deep inside me. I wrapped my arms around his neck, and held on for dear life. Once he was done ejecting his seed, he moved away, allowing a cameraman to film the jiz burping and bubbling out of my drenched pussy.

After a minute, Alan shouted, "Cut, that's a wrap!"

He helped me to my feet, and steadied me. Ben handed me a towel, and then my torn sundress. After cleaning up, I put my dress back on. Everyone was casually chatting, except me. The crew packed up their equipment. Eventually, Alan and I head toward my dressing room.

I waved to the boys, as carefully walked next to Alan, holding on to him for balance. As we made our way across the open space, I felt sperm running down both of my legs, a warm reminder of the day's fun. When we reached my room, I entered and laid down on the couch, exhausted.
