 Chapter 4: The Good Stuff

"Yes-yes-yes-yes-yee-ees!" Molly's voice rose to a near hysterical scream. Every syllable and exhalation was pregnant with erotic exultation.

"Molly! Molly! Molly! Mol-ly! Aaarggh!" Martin yelled, in the throes of pleasure so great they felt very much like pain. He doubled over, pressing his chest to her back, pulsing and spasming so hard it was almost painful as she contracted around him. The lovers remained with their torsos lying upon the kitchen counter, too spent to disengage. The synthetic marble tabletop felt delightfully cool and hard against Molly's squashed breasts.

If only Mom could see us now, Molly thought.

The amorous lovers had discovered that Molly's greatest delight lay in getting taken from behind in places where memories that she held most sacred where attached. The best moment upstairs had been in the attic, where she had braced herself against a trunk containing her father's possessions. Downstairs, it had been when she was leaning against her desk in her study, where she had spent many happy hours with her nose buried in her books. Even the basement where her grandmother's possessions were stored had not escaped their notice. The kitchen was just a bureaucratic formality, a location that had to be visited for no other reason than that it happened to be in the same house.

"Now I understand why they call it the little death," Molly panted.

"Why who call it the little what?"

"The French. Little death."

"The who?"

"I took an elective on human culture. One of the fun tidbits of knowledge they taught us was about an old culture somewhere in the European region: the French. They called orgasms la petite mort, or the little death."

"I would have died for real if it had gone on much longer." Martin agreed, pulling out of her. His appendage flopped out limply, tickling Molly's insides along the way.

They lay on the couch, both completely naked. Molly plugged herself up with a tampon, checked her phone and read a paperback copy of The 48 Laws of Power, by Robert Greene. She went through it with a pencil in hand, humming quietly whenever she came across a particular difficult or seemingly contradictory point or caveat. Martin went through his social media posts and watched Molly work. He caught himself smiling and forced himself to focus his attention fully on his phone, least Molly think he had gone completely insane for her -- which was true anyways.

Molly understood immediately the expression on his face, and with a private, knowing smile of her own, read on with a smug, self-satisfied air. There was something of the lioness in her smile, which disturbed Martin slightly. Did he truly fathom the depths of her desires? Could he hope to explore them and return unscathed? He tried to ignore the mild soreness in his loins and focus on his phone.

Tara had sent Martin only two messages: The first was delivered at about nine P.M. the night before, and said 'Enjoy yourselves. I've told Amy that you will not be back tonight.' The second arrived early this morning and read 'I am taking Amy on a three-day-long mother-daughter retreat. Don't break anything ;)'

The thought of his own mother not only sanctioning, but also heartily approving of the utter debauch that had taken place and cackling with glee at the coming desecration of their home was too much for Martin to bear. He made sure the 'new message' badges were cleared before locking his phone.

"So," Molly said, as though the idea had just come out of the blue, "do you think we could make love in every room of your house too?"

"Unlike you, I actually have to think of my family. We almost brought your house down with all the banging around and screaming."

"Oh, they're be out of town." Molly said, then clapped her hand over her mouth a moment too late.

"So you did tell my mom! Molly, how could you?"

"Now, now, love, let's not cry over spilt milk. Besides..." Molly got down on her hands and knees, crawling over to Martin with a look in her eye turned Martin's low-level unease into full-blown panic. "I'll make it up to you."

Martin stood and held his palms up placatingly. "T-There's no need to -- I forgive you! I forgive you! Please, it's still sen...sitive-- fuuuuuck...." Martin's mouth opened as wide as it would go and locked in place. His body tensed, spasmed, and gave up fighting the ruthless suction of Molly's lips.

"Wuv you too," Molly said around a mouthful of Martin's cock. By now, he was in a realm beyond pain and pleasure, a place where both were intertwined so closely they were one and the same. All Martin was capable of producing was a mindless moan which signified only that certain nerve-endings of his were being stimulated in a particular manner.

Martin burned every detail of the moment into his mind: the tilt of Molly's neck, her large, slightly convex forehead, the erotically gratifying sway of her full, yet shapely breasts, her sly, mischievous smile as she looked at his manhood from a different angle and thought of yet another trick to spice things up, the glint in her eyes as she reached down with just the tip of her tongue...

Without realizing it, Martin had sat back down on the couch and splayed his legs outwards. Molly was between them, enjoying every moment and every inch of him. How long this sensual purgatory lasted Martin did not know, but fortunately, there was an end to everything, and after what seemed like forever, he felt it approaching. Martin reached down with his hands and ran his fingers through Molly's flame-red hair.

"Molly.... Oh God. Molly... I'm gonna..."

Swift as lightning, Molly stood, removed her tampon, and climbed on top of him. She was already so wet and ready for him that he slid in without the least trouble.

"Yes, Martin, yes!" She moaned, clenching every muscle within. "Give me everything."

Martin hugged her and let out a long, grating cry. He quivered and squeezed and heaved and spasmed within her -- all that effort for a pathetic few drops that Molly barely felt.

"Mol...ly..." Martin sagged against her.

Molly licked his ear playfully. "Come now, love, what happened to all those oceans, worlds, and realms of desire that you said you had for me? Are they already dry? Were those worlds and realms empty?" She gyrated her hips atop him, squeezing and moving Martin's rapidly deflating member about and nearly making him scream.

"G-give me five..."

Molly mined looking at an imaginary watch. "Right. Your time begins... now."

"Five hours."

Molly looked horrified. "So it's true! You men can't be trusted." She shook her head and clicked her tongue.

"Don't believe everything you see in the movies."

Molly climbed off him, resealed her entrance with a fresh tampon, and laid her head in Martin's lap, his flaccid member inches from her face. He widened his eyes and raised his hands as though Molly was a villainous bandit in one of the old films, and he was a hapless cashier who wore pearl earrings and had a much doted-upon grandson. Molly shook her head and hefted her book. He mimed wiping his sweaty brow in relief.

"I've got something that'll get you back in action, but I think it's best to wait until you're not feeling sore anymore."

"Take your time, I'm not in a hurry."

Molly put her book down to look Martin in the eyes. For one terrifying moment, he thought she was going to start on a new oral campaign, but she merely turned her head and licked the length of his penis, greedy devouring his reaction out of the corner of one of her eyes. Her smile broadened as he hissed involuntarily. She tasted and smelled the physical evidence of the comingling of herself and his seed on his flaccid member, prompting her to spread her legs and dip a finger into her love-canal.

"Careful, honey. Don't sound too relieved. We women are patient, but that doesn't mean that you get to treat us like doormats."

"Duly noted."

"I think you owe me a little more than that."

"I'm sorry, Molly."

"Awwh, look at you, already wrapped around my finger and humping it even though we haven't even lived together for a full day. No, I don't want an apology. I want a good, hot, fuck."

"Isn't that what I've been giving you?"

"You've only paid about..." Molly inspected her nails. "A tenth of what you owe me."

"I'll get around to paying it all. Eventually."

"I'm sure you will. With my assistance."

Molly winked at him. Martin found himself unable to bear the weight of his own curiosity.

"Molly, what exactly do you have planned?"

"Sex."

"Yeah, I figured that out."

"Lots of sex."

"Mind trying to be a little more specific?"

"Lots of wild, butt-grabbing, flesh-slapping-together, name-calling sex."

"That's the goal you have in mind, not the plan."

"If I tell you, you've got to promise to go through with it right now."

Martin swallowed. "I am so going to regret this. Fine, I promise."

"You're going to regret that you said you were going to regret this." Molly kissed the head of his penis and sat up. "Come on."

Martin stayed seated for a moment, watching Molly walk up to her room and admiring the spectacular sway and jiggle of her bottom. He soon followed, his sex still limp, but nonetheless nearly as excited as he had been they were about to make love in her room for the first time.

"Do you remember what they told you about Shifter pheromones at the MAHAD?"

"Uh-huh."

Molly knelt by her bed, pulled out a briefcase-sized silver box from under it, and pressed each of her fingers, one by one, to a touchpad there. It glowed green and buzzed once. "Press your fingers here too."

The box responded in the same manner. Martin's fingerprints had been uploaded into the government's citizen tracking system since day one, and they were updated every six months at school, and whenever Carla came to visit. The box's always-online Internet connection was not just used to validate the identity of those who tried to open it; any attempt to force it open or take it offline would bring a SWAT team crashing down upon its location.

Inside the box were a handheld atomizer and several ampoules filled with a clear fluid. The inner lid of the box flickered to life with a countdown and instructions detailing how to use the ampoules and atomizer. The atomizer and ampoules were not to be moved more than twenty feet away from the box, and were to be replaced within two hours after the box was opened. If the lid was not shut after the components were replaced, a reminder to comply with protocol would sound. Failure on the users' part to comply with any and all regulations was considered a Federal offence. Molly snapped an ampoule into place in the atomizer's slot. The device lit up, glowing with blue lights along its sides.

"What is that?" Martin said. "Looks like the good stuff. Some sort of performance enhancer?"

"Something like that. Just sit back and relax, Martin." Molly got Martin to lie down on his back on her bed. She got out some velvet-lined cuffs from her wardrobe and linked Martin's arms to one of the bedposts above his head.

Molly stood by her bed over Martin, atomizer in hand and a hand on her hip like one of the human nurses in the old films. "You ready for what's to come? There's no turning back once I start this."

Martin smiled. Even completely naked, she was still the same, vivacious girl that he had fallen in love with -- more so, in fact. "Molly, I was born ready."

"It might hurt a little, but only at first. You sure you want to do this?"

Martin swallowed. "Absolutely. Now tell me what's in that ampoule."

"Shifter pheromones."

Martin's eyes widened. "Molly! No!" He started struggling with his restraints and found that they had indeed, done a good job of securing him to Molly's bed.

"What did you expect it was? Floral perfume? Don't worry, Martin; it isn't the pheromones that turn you into a giant-dicked monster. You have to have actual sex with a Shifter for that to happen."

"I know, but still --"

"But still, it works. Please don't deny me this, Martin." Molly licked her lips and reached down with one hand to her pussy's lips. "I want to feel what one of them feels when you take her. I want to be your first in that way too."

"All right, Molly. So long as this isn't illegal."

"It isn't. The government logo's inside the box." Molly cleared her throat. "Plan options, please."

The box beeped. The inner lid displayed:

Plan options

