 As she was running into the apartment, she picked up her roommate's newspaper from the front step. She noticed that the headline read:

"SCIENTISTS DISCOVER STRANGE BACTERIA-LIKE CREATURE IN WATER SUPPLY; THOUGHT TO BE HARMLESS"

Although tired from work, she glanced at the next few lines as she headed into the kitchen to set her stuff down:

"Scientists examining the local water supply have discovered a strange, previously unknown species in the water supply.

The bacteria-like species maintains a pure-white color while in a dormant state. Apparently, once a critical temperature is reached, the bacteria become activated and begin to feed on salt and nutrient-rich solutions. A feeding frenzy occurs, in which the creatures suddenly, for unknown reasons to the scientists, turned a brilliant blood red color, shortly before dying off. The bacteria apparently cause no harm...."

She was just too tired to keep reading. She threw down the newspaper, along with her briefcase and keys, on the kitchen island and poured herself a glass of wine. She headed towards her bedroom, kicking off her strappy high heels as she trotted down the hallway. She couldn't wait to get out of her work clothes; while she loved how the short, tight little gray skirt and the flowy, white blouse made her look like a complete dish today, she would rather be out of her clothes and just relax. She loved dressing just a little slutty – completely professional, but just a touch too revealing for most of her coworker's blasé comfort. As she hastily unbuttoned her blouse, her luxuriously large breasts protruded out, wrapped in a black sheer lace bra that created ample cleavage. She eased down her skirt, letting her long, tone legs slip out. She undid her bra strap, letting her breasts free as she ran her hands over them to smooth out the strap lines. She ran her hands slowly down to her waist, but stopped short when she reached her silky black thong. Looking in the mirror with a coy look on her face, she loved how the thong accentuated the curves of her hips, the way the delicate little straps followed the bottom of her tone stomach to the top of her pussy, following the curves all the way down. She ran her hands up her stomach, caressing her breasts once again and throwing her head back, letting her blond hair run cascade down her back. She loved the feeling of the thong strap tugging up her pussy, pulling tight between her ass cheeks. It just made her feel very sexual.

She daintily walked on her tip toes into the bathroom; after all day in high heels, her feet and calves could not help but keep that long, elevated position. She lit three fat candles she has on her granite counter, next to her sink. She turned off the light and opened up the tap water. With a mad rush, the hot, steamy water flowed into the top. She turned around and switched the vanity light off, leaving the rich, warm flicker of the candles to light the room. She looked in the mirror, and saw her tan body lit with the gorgeous dim amber light from the candles; she looked like a goddess gilded in gold. She ran her hands down her sides, to the curve of her hips. She slipped her fingers under the straps of her thong, and tugged them downwards. She felt the elastic strap slowly pull itself free of her ass checks, then farther down she felt the narrow strap pull free of her asshole. It actually had her heart beating a little bit faster; no matter how many times she did this, she loved feeling the curves of her body in the most intimate of places. As she stepped out of the thong, she pulled the front triangle out of her pussy. During the day, it had gotten slightly bunched up and tucked into her pussy lips; she had just gotten used to it until the soft silk tugged aside her luscious pink lips. The thong dropped to the floor as she turned to the tub.

"Humph! My roommate again forgot to rinse out her bubble bath after she was done" she said to herself, as the bathtub was quickly filling up with white sudsy bubbles. "Well, not a problem, today it will feel great!" She dipped her toe into the water, and it felt hot. Wonderfully hot. She pushed aside the bathroom curtain and stepped into the top, setting her wine down on the edge. She eased her ass down into the bubbles, slowly feeling the hot water envelope her body. She slid back and laid down into the water, feeling the rushing water and the bubbles flowing around her. Her round breasts floated in front of her, her nipples nice and relax now after briefly tensing up when the water hit them. She laid her head back on the edge of tub, and took a deep relaxing breath as she closed her eyes. She opened her eyes only to find her wine, to take a little sip that turned into a nice, long sip. Her body was feeling so alive.

She rubbed her legs together slowly, then reached her toe up and out of the water to rotate the handle off. The rushing water trickled to a stop, leaving a peaceful calm in the tub, except for the flickering, dancing candle light. Her eyes closed, she was in a delightful, foggy calm, the wine definitely helping her state of mind. She began to slowly rub her legs together, letting her pussy lips slowly grind against each other. She slow trailed off, but felt the gentles waves in the water keep bouncing back and forth as she exhaled a deep, slow breath.

She felt so relaxed, yet so horny. She just felt so feminine, so long and curvy and sensual. The water kept gently rocking back and forth. She looked down and noticed that the bubbles had gathered around her body. "That's odd, she thought", almost with a giggle as she was so happy and relaxed. She raised her arm out of the water, and the bubbles stuck completely around her arm. "Hum," she thought. She lifted her midriff above the water line, the bubbles raising with her body. But when she lowered back down into the water, the bubbles went underwater without melting away. And then she realized the rocking motion of the waves was getting stronger, and slower. It wasn't the water; the "bubbles" seemed to be swaying with the waves. But it felt so good. She was confused; she had never felt anything like this. Maybe she was just a little too buzzed from the wine; but maybe not, the waves kept sweeping over body –so gently, but just enough for her too feel it.

The water was hot; steamy hot, and she was perspiring ever so gently. As she started to feel a little nervous, her heart started beating a little bit fast. She started to feel a little perspiration on her forehead. She laid her head back; she must be tired. She had another couple drinks of wine, and soon the glass was empty. She rotated slightly to her side, raising her hip out of the water and letting the bubbles slide down her ass. They felt so good, so warm and velvety. But she couldn't stop the feeling of waves of motion rushing over her body. She lowered her ass check back into the water and raised her other side, but she quickly realized the bubbles were now completely wrapped around her legs, her midriff, and around her ass. She sat up quickly, but felt too tired, so laid back in the water. The bubbles were now completely around her, like a body suit of thick, white velvet, except for above her neck and her nipples, which kept floating out of the water. She didn't know what type of bubble bath this was, but it felt really good. She was getting very horny; her pussy felt nice and slick and warm and slippery. Her heart kept beating faster, her pulse pounding as she felt hot, drunk and relaxed.

The waves of sensation kept creeping throughout the tub, flowing around her body. She started to feel scared; like something was wrong. Her heart was pounding, with beads of sweat flowing down her forehead. But she just felt so horny....she couldn't do anything except lay back in the hot water. Her heart raging, her pussy so wet, she started to feel waves of orgasm jerking through her body; or was it just this strange feeling in the tub. It didn't matter, she was loving it. She opened her eyes and looked down; her eyes were deceiving her; the tub looked faintly pinkish in color. The bubbles had completely surrounded her long body; they were clearly pulsing in waves, running from between her toes, up her legs, under her knees, up her thighs, across her midriff, then sucking around her breasts. Yes, that was it, it felt like the velvet bubbles were sucking on her, thousands of little suction bubbles engulfing her body, triggering their suction in successive waves. It seemed like the suction was strongest where she was perspiring the most; around her feet, around her belly button, around her arm pits, and in and around all the folds of her pussy. Her most sensitive spots, she smirked. And it kept going, each wave getting stronger and stronger, sucking along her entire body, around all sides, in every crevice. Her neck was bare, along with her nipples, which remained above water; these areas felt ice cold in the air, only serving to heighten the waves of sucking she was feeling in the water.

Suddenly, she looked up and noticed the bubbles had turned blood red. Shocked, her body was being rocked with wave after wave of bliss and she couldn't response; her mind was being overloaded with the strongest feelings of pleasure she ever felt. Her body was now covered with the most sensuous shade of red she had ever seen, highlighted by the play of amber candlelight.

"Oh god!" she was being pushed to the limit; her body needed to explode. Her nipples were so hard they almost hurt; the red velvet bubbles were sucking so hard at her hot, sweaty pussy under the water it felt like her lips were being stretched out, inflated in every direction; her asshole felt like it was being sucked outwards of her body; and she had to have more! more! more! Oh gggodddd! Her body suit was sucking and sucking and sucking, wildly feeding off of her sweat and cum. She was madly arching her back, her legs pressed as far apart as possible to let the sucking into her every orifice and fold of skin. She rocked on her ass back and forth, following every wave the red velvet was sucking out of her.

Ohhhhhhhhh she slapped her hands above her head into the tile as she threw her head back; she felt the orgasm rock her from the deepest part of her torso down to her pussy, where she started convulsing wildly, thrust after thrust. She felt herself cumming so hard her jism was squirting out of her pussy, blowing the red bubbles away. Her eyes were rolling all over the place, catching glimpse after glimpse of her golden, wet curves covered with red bubbles. With a muffled, deep gasp, she felt one more convulsion rock her torso, her pussy, even her tight asshole. She collapsed into the water, her head off to the side.

In a few moments, she opened her eyes and looked forward in the flickering candlelight. The red bubbles were completely gone; just thin gray soapy bubbles remained floating on the water. Her body, while still feeling slick with sweat and somehow, well, like she was covered in a thin watery lube, felt completely spent. She just laid in the water, closing her eyes and letting her head roll off to the side. She feel into a deep sleep; her body feeling so cozy and comfortable in the warm water.

Uhmm, what a bath, she muttered to herself with a slight giggle...