 Dr. Vivian McLeod was carefully retrieving a bug from the container. There were still a few specimens alive since she brought them back from Miranda's apartment. The doctor could still remember the night she received the call. "You have to come over and see this!" her boss said over the phone. Since then, five blocks around Miranda's building still remained in quarantine. The former leading scientist had been fired after the incident and they had reinforced security in the research facility.

"Come here, big boy. Let's try to find out how you do what you do," Vivian said, while grabbing the bug with her bare hands. One thing she knew for sure, was that they were absolutely none aggressive.

The origin of this bug species was still unknown, other than the single specimen that was found frozen in the antarctic. It had been amazing to discover that these creatures could take control of other creatures, including humans, and use them for reproduction purposes. Vivian was in charge of deciphering this incredible capability. The potential was limitless and this task had become a priority for the powers that be.

So far, the bugs didn't seem very good at solving problems. This made it hard to explain how they manage to manipulate complex brains. The Doctor had no choice but to experiment with human subjects.

"I'll put you over here with your... mate, and get out of your way." 

The Doctor placed the bug next to a woman laying on a table. She was Lydia, one of Miranda's co-workers. She was still reported as missing in the police files and she would remain that way until they could fix her mind, which according to Vivian, was not very likely. She believed the victims were "too far gone".

Lydia was awake but unresponsive, yet her nipples swelled when she sensed the proximity of the bug.

 She is already getting excited. How does he do it?!  Vivian thought.

The bug got close to her head and delicately pushed a tentacle into Lydia's ear. The woman led out a soft gasp and the Doctor watched as her pupils dilated.

A moment later, Lydia moved a hand to her crotch and started rubbing her clitoris. Vivian had seen the same behavior every time and she new what was going to happen next. Lydia would masturbate until reaching climax. Then she would do it again, experiencing one orgasm after another until the tentacles were removed from her ears.

 Her hand moves always the same way. I wonder if the bug is controlling her motility as well. 

The sensors detected vibrations within the woman's skull and tiny electrical discharges emanated from the bug's tentacle but they were too complex to show a decipherable pattern.

The Doctor looked at the CAT scan and marveled at the changes inside the woman's head. The pleasure center within her brain lighted like a Christmas tree.

"Wow! You are experiencing true ecstasy, aren't you?" Vivian said out loud.

But there was still not enough information to understand what was causing the precise changes in Lydia's mind. This research method was going nowhere.

The enthralled woman arched her back and moaned loudly as she reached climax ten minutes later. Vivian always felt a bit voyeuristic to watch such an intimate activity. To make things worse, her own pussy was moistening and she felt ashamed of it.

 I am not making any progress and now I am getting horny? What is wrong with me?! 

After Lydia climaxed for a second time, and all her brain activity was recorded, the Doctor decided to let her rest and pulled the bug away from her head. 

"Let's get you in your container while I design a more efficient test."

The other bugs were carefully locked down in individual containers but their singing could still be heard in the background.

As the Doctor walked with the bug in her hand, she had and idea. "Wait a minute, before I put you back in your home, let me try something else." It was definitely crazy and reckless but it would provide her with a much better understanding of the bug's interaction with a human brain.

Vivian knelt on the floor, placed the bug on a table and pulled one of the bug's tentacles close to her ear. She grabbed it firmly with her thumb and index finger, ready to yank it out in case she felt something dangerous.

"Ok, little friend, show me your tricks."

The tip of the tentacle entered her ear and at first she felt nothing, except a barely audible noise, like a mosquito that is flying a bit too far. Suddenly, the Doctor felt as if a bomb exploded behind her eyes. She let out a loud gasp and her eyes opened wide. It was exhilarating and scary at the same time...

... within the shock, she lost her balance and fell sideways on the floor, unplugging the tentacle from her ear. It had been the strangest sensation. Like an electric shock directly into her brain that resonated all the way to her crotch. In fact, a tingling sensation lingered in her pussy, like an aftermath of an orgasm. She could feel a drop of her own vaginal juice sliding down her thigh.

"Wha...? It felt so weird..." Vivian was still very disoriented and she was disturbed about her own behavior. She quickly stood up, grabbed the container and placed it with the others. She needed to get out of the lab to clear her head.

That was so foolish of me. I hope nobody saw me. Luckily for her, there was no-one around.

It had been enough work for today. She was tired and she didn't want to make more stupid mistakes.

* * *

Vivian was driving back home feeling uneasy. She was so distressed when she put the container back with the others that she wasn't sure if she had placed the bug inside. She did remember closing the lid but that was all. She thought she heard the bug's singing inside the car but she knew that it was impossible. There was no way any bug could escape the new security system.

 Was the bug in the container? I can't remember. Maybe I should go back... No, I think it's just my nerves. Damned, my panties are so wet. 

The bugs had been certainly loud this evening. As she though of this, Vivian wondered why she was still feeling aroused.

* * *

When Vivian arrived home, she went straight to her room to take off those sloppy panties.

 God! I am soaking wet. What is the matter with me today? 

She was planning to take a bath later on so she didn't bother to grab a fresh pair, or even put on a robe. It was not like her to walk around nude in the room with all the curtains wide open but tonight she just didn't care. She had more important things to think about.

The bug was in my ear just for a second but it felt so exhilarating. 

And it was then when she felt it...

Something quivered inside her belly. The Doctor stood completely immobile, trying to find a logical explanation to what just happened. Maybe her stomach was demanding some food... but the movement had been too strong and too foreign.

Then she felt it again and she started to panic. "What the hell??!"

Vivian sat on the bed and carefully poked her abdomen. She didn't feel any pain but the motions were more frequent now and every time she felt it a bit lower, closer to her crotch.

Soon, it became evident that something was sliding down her vaginal cavity. It was squirming, stretching and caressing her sensitive skin.

"There is something inside of me! How is it possible?!"

The Doctor desperately searched her mind for an explanation. The bug! If the bug was not in the container, then it must be... "No!! I have the bug inside of me! How does this happened? When?!"

Vivian wanted to reach inside of her body and pull that thing out but she was too afraid. Then, after a particularly strong motion, a pair of tentacles emerged between her pussy lips. The scared woman tried to grab the appendages and yank them off but a sharp pinch forced her hand away. She could clearly feel the bulk of the alien creature squirming through her tight cavity and then she saw it with terror projecting from her pussy.

Within all this, the Doctor felt a hint of pleasure radiating from her crotch and this added to her confusion. 

The bug was half way out but its long tale was still inside Vivian's body, purposely trashing within her vaginal walls. The creature curved both of its tentacles, one touched her clitoris and the other approached her anus. It became obvious that the bug wanted her to reach an orgasm.

Vivian was struggling to believe that this was really happening. She didn't understand why the bug was not coming completely out of her. And she wasn't sure that she wanted that either. It felt so good, yet she needed this nightmare to end. The overwhelmed woman was more confounded than ever. 

Her arousal was rising. She knew that this creature was going to make her cum unless she did something. But what could she do? Maybe she should just stay still...

A couple of minutes later, the sensations became too much for the Doctor and an unwanted orgasm ignited across her body. She arched her back while her pussy twitched hard around the creature that finally began pulling itself out. The bug never stopped moving its tail inside the woman's cavity, making her climax almost unbearable.

Knowing that Vivian's mind was lost in a labyrinth of bliss, the bug vacated her pussy and walked over her shuddering body towards her head.

Vivian felt the creature walking on top of her but she couldn't bring herself to push it away. At this moment she was completely defenseless.

When her orgasm began fading away, Vivian turned her head and saw the bug right beside her head. She realized that the creature was going to push a tentacle into her ear. Her heart jolted with fear and her pussy twitched with need.

A couple of minutes later the fear was gone but the excitement wasn't. The Doctor was no longer able to think. She could only feel. And she felt a lot, as if a hundred tongues were licking her pussy, her nipples, her ass. Her body was more sensitive than ever and it was being stimulated to the limit. Yet, nothing was touching her except that wonderful tentacle in her ear. It was a miracle.

The enthralled woman stayed on her bed for an uncertain amount of time. She massaged her breast with one hand and rubbed her pussy with the other. Her eyes rolled back intermittently as she tried to cope with the incredible bliss that radiated through her entire body. Then, within the haziness that clouded her mind, Vivian heard three words that would change her life forever. These words resonated in her brain and echoed in her pussy like molten lava, "You are host". She climaxed again.

* * *

The bug worked all night on Vivian's brain, carefully rearranging her neuronal connections to fit his needs. Her personality was left unchanged, but now she belonged to him and he made sure this truth was imprinted deeply within her mind.

Morning came, and so did Vivian, for the twentieth time.

Later on, having breakfast in the kitchen, Vivian was looking at her Master with amazement. He had fooled her, pretending that he had no intelligence when in reality he was smarter than her. He waited patiently for the right moment. He sang to her for weeks in the lab, soothing her mind, making her horny, making her reckless. Until "she" decided to push a tentacle in her ear. That was all he needed.

"You are so beautiful... and so smart," Vivian said, fully aware that he could understand her.

Vivian called the lab letting them know that she was going to take a few days off work. Now she stood calmly waiting for Janet, her assistant, to arrive.

* * *

The nest that the bug had created at Miranda's house had been destroyed and he had learned from that bitter experience. The bug had managed to imprint not only obedience and arousal in Vivian's mind but also the need for safety. The Doctor was acting accordingly to fulfill this notion.

Vivian opened the front door for Janet and invited her a cup of coffee in the kitchen, "Thank you for bringing those papers to me. I know this is not in your job description."

"There is absolutely no problem," Janet said, "You have a beautiful house, by the way."

"Is there anything relevant happening at work?" Vivian asked.

"The Director called and I told him that you were sick at home. He said it was fine but he didn't sound too happy about it. I am not allowing anybody into the lab without your express permission."

"You are not only beautiful, but very smart too. You are the best assistant ever," Vivian said in a seductive voice.

"Stop, you are making me blush," Janet responded, truly flattered. She admired Vivian very much and her comments meant the world to her.

Janet was drinking her coffee while looking discretely at the Doctor's body. Her boss usually wore plain clothes covered in a lab-coat but today Vivian was only wearing a very short robe that displayed her shapely legs and allowed a partial view of her rounded breasts.

The assistant was not a lesbian but she couldn't avoid having a couple of naughty thoughts,  Did she always had this awesome figure? How come I didn't notice before? 

In any case, Janet was happy to keep her boss company while she was sick. Another weird thing was that Vivian didn't look sick at all. In fact, she looked better than ever; so relaxed.

Vivian noticed Janet's unfocused eyes and kept doing small talk, "I mean it. I think you are the most beautiful woman I've ever met."

Janet didn't answer this time, she just stared at Vivian's body,  She looks hot in that robe.  She took another sip of her drink and felt a hint of arousal igniting between her legs. Doctor McLeod is so attractive. I wonder how it feels to kiss those soft lips.

As if she was reading her mind, Vivian stepped forward and kissed Janet without any warning whatsoever. The Doctor was burning with need and she decided to risk it.

 God! She is kissing me! ...feels good.  After a brief moment of hesitation, Janet responded the kiss with passion. She closed her eyes and embraced her boss.

Without breaking the kiss, Vivian turned Janet around and pushed her against the kitchen island. Then she placed her hand on the side of her assistant's head and pushed a finger in her ear. Janet found this a little odd but at this moment she couldn't care less. She had only kissed another woman back in college and she didn't remember feeling this good about it.

Meanwhile, the drawer beside the stove opened on its own and the bug emerged from within. 

Vivian removed her finger from Janet's ear and it was quickly replaced by the bug's tentacle. The aroused woman didn't notice the change. But she did notice the Doctor's tongue circling her nipples and she led out a gasp of pleasure.

Janet felt as if her breasts were ten times more sensitive than usual. She never suspected that the usually solemn Doctor had such an expertise on sexual matters, nor that she was a lesbian! It felt as if Vivian was licking both her nipples at the same time. It was awesome!

By the time Vivian went down on her assistant lifting her short skirt, Janet was almost reaching her first orgasm. The excited woman vaguely realized that the Doctor's hand was no longer close to her head but she still felt something in her ear. In the back of her mind she knew that there was something wrong with this scenario, but she was too focused on the delightful lips that now nibbled her clitoris. 

She discarded the thought, or maybe it was discarded for her. She couldn't tell anymore. 

Janet felt another 'finger' entering her left ear. Her dazed brain made sense of it. It would provide balance with her right ear. Suddenly, one notion overtook her mind. She should be paying attention only to her feelings, specially between her legs.

Vivian was working diligently on the woman's pussy, certain that her Master was already working on Janet's head. It would take only a moment before Janet joined the harem permanently. Yes, make her yours Master.

In a matter of minutes, the blissful sensation coming from her pussy was increased ten-fold, almost like magic. This triggered an orgasm that made Janet's body arch violently while her pussy gushed all over the Doctor's face. Her eyes rolled back in bliss when she heard the words "You are host".

The minutes passed and Janet couldn't stop climaxing. It was the longest and most intense orgasm of her life. She didn't understand what was happening to her. One instant her mind was blank, open, receptive and the next she was completely conscious, uneasy and scared.

She would not be able to endure this situation for long. The moments of clarity were getting shorter. She was losing her mind! Part of her wanted this to stop but another part didn't want this feeling to end. In any case, she was not in control.

Vivian lifted her head to see her assistant's face. Eyes completely rolled back until only white could be seen, mouth wide open with her tongue sticking out. It reflected pure joy and Vivian knew exactly how Janet was feeling. "Cum Janet! Let him show you true elation."

* * *

Half an hour later, Janet's body had stopped trembling, except from an occasional twitch of her hands and legs. Her eyes were still mostly white, echoing the changes that were taking place within her brain. Her pleasure center was being stimulated to the limit while other neuronal connections were adjusted as needed.

Vivian couldn't stop touching herself while she watched her Master take control of her former assistant. She could feel her vaginal juices dripping down her thighs and she was certain that she should be able to reach an orgasm if she watched a little longer. The Doctor thought about the CAT scans back in the lab and the incredible pleasure they showed. Now she was beginning to understand.

At this moment, Janet was not confused or scared anymore. New knowledge was filtering through her ears in the form of microwaves and electrical signals. She was going to be host; her pussy twitched hard. She was going to be a slave; her pussy twitched hard again. She now belonged to the bug; she climaxed.

The whole time her body remained completely still. It was imperative not to disturb her Master's work. She was being redesign and was proud of it.

The bug made a piercing sound and Vivian stoop at attention. Another sound compelled her to remove Janet's dress. The Doctor's pussy gushed at every command. Then, Vivian watched the bug climb on top the young woman's body. She had an idea of what was going to happen next and she felt envious. She fought the urge to jump on top of the island and beg her Master to fuck her first. But she didn't. I wish I could "give birth" to him again. 

The bug sent another command but this one was directed to Janet. She understood perfectly. "Remain still". 

The bug reached Janet's belly and turned around. Then he aligned his long tail at the woman's vaginal entry. The woman's heart was beating fast with anticipation and her pussy was dripping wet. She was ready.

"Prepare to be host, my darling." Vivian said.

As the bug's flexible tail pierced through, Janet lifted her torso and moaned loudly. The creature's appendage was not very thick but it was long enough to reach the bottom of her pussy and beyond into her womb. Now she belonged to him in the most intimate and complete way. 

Janet felt the bug's tail twisting inside of her, caressing her inner walls with precise expertise. The creature knew exactly when and where to touch her. Her ever growing arousal was driving her insane. The moment she felt something else filling her womb, Janet climaxed again. 

Within the cozy environment, three small eggs emerged from the tail's tip and attached to the new host.

The bug kept fucking Janet for several minutes, strengthening the bond with his new slave and making sure her reached many more orgasms, further breaking her mind.
