 My thanks go out to my volunteer editor "Wires" for his help making this story a much better read. As always, errors remain mine.



Roger and his new group of colonists made it back to Birmingham in mid June. He was extremely anxious to see what progress was made on the tasks he left his men to work on when he departed. He had assigned the blacksmith and his helpers the task of beginning a mining operation for the metals they would need as well as the coal to smelt them with. They were going to set up the smelting operation near the deposits of metal. Other men in the group were assigned construction tasks and to the burgeoning farming operation. Bear Stalker was assigned a small group of men to teach the Indian way of moving through the woods. When he was satisfied with their capability he would then teach another group until all were taught what he could teach them. Roger had done the same with those he took with him on the trip. He was also continuing the modern military training and had begun training his new colonists as well in the modern methods of warfare and hand to hand combat. Before he was done he expected his army to rival the U S Army of 2010 in individual capability and tactics.

Roger also planned to build more modern rifles and even some primitive body armor and helmets that he hoped would turn musket balls and arrows. In the future he hoped to build primitive tanks as well. He knew the great influx of settlers was already in the works and he wanted to be ready to repel the English and pick and choose those who he would allow to join his colony.

After they returned home Roger gave the camp three days to celebrate their return and to integrate the new citizens into the group. While the new colonists were being integrated into the settlement Roger took a day to inspect the progress made while he was gone. Most of the primary tasks assigned were completed and the secondary ones well underway.

As he walked around the settlement Roger was pleased to see some new families being formed between the Indian women and some of his men. Three of Margarita's female relatives were paying amorous attention to three of Roger's men also. Some of the new families were already busy working on their cabins instead of relaxing as Roger said they could.

On the morning of the fourth day after his return to Birmingham Roger called his senior staff together for formal reports and a planning session. After he got the reports Roger discussed his next priority for the colony. He had designed a rudimentary blast furnace for smelting the metals and wanted to begin building it and then smelting the mined ore. One of the first runs would be some new knives and farming implements for the colonists. After those were completed Roger had plans for equipping his militia. Roger also wanted to begin building wheel barrows, small trailers, and even an engine. He knew the engine would be difficult, even using those from the future for examples. They did not have the high quality steel and other metals required for a truly robust long lasting engine. Roger was frustrated. He had so many wants, so much knowledge of what was possible but it was currently impossible to make those items. 

One of the ongoing tasks in the small settlement was forming a bond and teaching all the people English. Roger planned to hold school for all from the youngest to the oldest during the winter. He would continue to teach them to read, write, and think in the modern way. His plans were to use any and all the books he found in the wrecks. He knew many of the words and concepts would be well above the initial capability of his students but he had been a firm believer for years that our modern day schools did not work well. He felt students could learn more at a younger age than was usually taught. He knew individuals had varying abilities to learn and different interests. He hoped that by introducing concepts early he could identify a person's capability and channel their education in that direction earlier. He also intended to 'simplify' the English he taught. Some spelling did not make sense to him and he intended to "correct" that. He also intended to do away with many words that had similar sounds such as too for also and so forth. 

Roger's concept of education was a Hodgepodge of theories and concepts he had seen, been subjected to, or read about in his life. He wanted all his settlers to be able to read, write and do basic mathematics. He also intended to stress education in ethics and law. He intended to institute and enforce capital punishment for violent and serious offenses. From that base he would develop experts in the various fields. He initially intended to stress education in the sciences, manufacturing, engineering, and medicine. He would allow the arts as a hobby initially and would decide at a later date if they would ever be a subject for classes in higher education. Currently, he felt as if they had no place in higher education.

The rest of that summer, Roger and his small settlement spent preparing for the winter and stockpiling supplies of all types. Additionally, they improved the defensive capabilities of their small settlement. Roger was afraid they could not continue living without some attacks as the local Indians and even the Spanish began to fear and resent their colony. 

During the remainder of the summer they also began building some more modern items to make life easier. Roger designed and built carts and wagons that could run on roads or, by changing wheels, on the rail system he planned to build. Lengths, widths, heights were standardized. Roger also standardized containers where possible. As much as he hated to do so he scrapped the old English system of weights and measures. He taught and they used the metric system. 

By the time it turned cold they had a large pile of the various ores ready to process and an even larger pile of coal. Since smelting was a heat intensive process Roger intended to run his smelters mostly in the winter until such time as they needed large volumes of metal. Roger did allow his settlers to bring some of the coal to the settlement to use for fuel. He had to limit its use for two reasons; their stoves and fireplaces could not burn it efficiently and he did not want the pollution near the settlement. Roger intended to limit pollution as much as he could from the beginning so it would never be the problem it had been in his time. He intended to do everything he could to protect the environment.

In mid November Roger's camp was honored with a visit from the tribe of Indians he befriended when they were returning home. To Roger's surprise there was a white woman with them. She had a young child with her, a baby. When she saw Roger she slumped to the ground and hugged the child to her breast as she cried. Roger looked at her then turned his attention to the Brave who seemed to be in charge. Roger still had not mastered the language used by the Indians in the area. He could understand some of it but still relied on Sunny to translate.

After Sunny spoke to the young Brave for a moment she turned to Roger and said, "Prowling Wolf is the son of this tribe's chief. Their village was attacked shortly after we left. They beat off the attackers and followed them back to their village which they then attacked in retaliation for the attack on their village. During the attack some women and children were carried off. This woman was one of the ones they took from the village. They knew she was one of your people so they took her. She is almost worthless to them. She is a poor worker and they have to constantly watch her to be sure she correctly does the work she is assigned.

"At first they were going to kill her if she did not improve then they thought they would use her to entertain the young unmated braves and visitors. Apparently she is not very good at that task either. The Chief remembered you and decided he would offer her in trade to you if you wanted her. If you do not I think she will never make it back to their village."

Roger asked if he could speak to the woman. The leader of the small band nodded his head yes so Roger walked up to the woman. When he was close enough she wrapped her arms around his leg and began crying harder. She looked up at him and said, "I didn't think I would ever see a white man again. I'm so sorry I didn't trust you when you pulled me from my car. I ran away as far and as fast as I could hoping to find someone who would help me. I let my fear blind me to what my eyes saw that day. Please, let me stay with you now. I was captured by savages the second day after I ran from you and raped repeatedly. I have already born this one child and I think I am pregnant again. I don't know how much more I can take. I think if you do not let me stay with you these Indians plan to kill me. Please let me stay with you."

Roger was shocked. Admittedly, he had only managed to talk with the woman for a short time when they were thrown back in time but he did not recognize her at all. She looked like a woman from this time period. He did not even have to think about his action. He turned to Sunny and said, "Find out what they want in trade for her and give it if we have it. This is a woman from my home time. If for no other reason than that we have to help her. She will be invaluable to us just for her education though."

When the woman heard Roger say that to Sunny she began crying harder and leaned her head into Roger's leg as she clasped it tightly to her. She almost dropped the baby she was carrying in her other arm. Roger leaned down and grabbed the woman's arm. He pried it off his leg and gently helped her stand beside him. He raised his voice and called for Margarita.

When Margarita arrived Roger gently pushed the woman to her and said, "This is Margarita. She is one of my wives. She will take you and the baby to our house."

"Margarita, I don't know this woman's name. We'll find that out and get her story later. She is going to live with us now. Would you please get her and the baby cleaned up and feed her if she's hungry. I'll be along as soon as I can."

The woman looked up at Roger with adoration in her eyes. She said, "My name is Ruth Baker." She smiled and looked down at the baby and said, "This is my daughter Emma."

Roger and Sunny spent several more minutes negotiating with the Indians for Ruth. The deal was not too costly for him because the Indians felt Ruth was worthless. Roger ended up getting her for a knife made from some of the metal they had mined and two partly cured deer hides.

That evening the whole camp had a feast to honor their visitors. During the feast, Roger began learning about Ruth. He found out she was a high school science and business teacher in his time. She was still very hesitant and frightened. Roger hoped she would get over her shock at the savagery of this time and become a productive educator once again. To his surprise Roger found she was only 4 years younger than he was.

Roger's women adopted Ruth and moved her and Emma into their house. Roger was thankful she was not invited into their bed. His performance was somewhat curtailed because she was in the same room with them, however. This went on for several days before it all came to a head.

Ruth found Roger teaching a small class one evening and sat listening to him. He was moving from person to person helping them as needed. There were more requests for help than usual and she moved to help some of the men and women who needed it. After the class broke up she walked up to Roger and touched him on the arm.

Ruth smiled at Roger and said, "Thank you again for taking me in when you had no reason to do so. I mistrusted you and ran off when you were trying to help me before. I caused all my heartache because I did not trust you when you helped me that day in the woods. Now I am still causing you trouble. Please don't let me ruin your time with your wives Roger. I have shed most if not all of my prejudices and hang ups from our time. I have seen sex at its most primitive level and understand. You are not like the Indians who used me. When you have sex with your wives I can see and almost feel the love you pass back and forth. I understand and appreciate your attempts to keep it quiet and low key but that is not fair to your women. If I bother you that much I can either try to find other accommodations or I can leave when you want to make love."

Ruth laughed and continued talking, "Of course, that would mean I would be out of the house almost every night for a few hours but I can do that if it would make you more comfortable."

Roger didn't know what to say. In a way he was embarrassed by her statements and in a way he appreciated them. Finally he said, "Thank you, Ruth. I appreciate what you said. I don't know why I have felt hesitant with you in the room. I have made love with my wives many times in front of others with no hesitation and we let it all out. I think it is because you were of my time that I felt more restrained. As far as I am concerned our home is your home and there is no need for you to leave either for good or when we make love.

"Thank you for your help tonight also. You seem like you are getting better. When you feel like it I would appreciate it if you would become our primary educator so I can go on to other projects. We have a lot to do to build our civilization. I want to industrialize and prevent the exploitation of this land and people as it was done in our time line. To do that we need to prevent Europeans from colonizing America and to do that we need to build an industrial civilization that will be stronger than theirs when they begin arriving in large numbers. I will teach the engineering courses and some of the classes for our manufacturing students when they progress to that level. I need you for the entry level classes and biological sciences."