 I want to thank my editor "Wires" for his assistance with this story. His efforts have greatly improved my submission. As always the errors remain mine however. 

*

Roger's fledgling nation slowly gained more colonists. Of course, for the first two or three years after a new colonist joined they were almost useless. They had to be educated before they could be productive. Many of the new colonists were unable to learn and went either into the small army or became miners, farmers or other general laborers. Even then, however, there was a steep learning curve because the military and agricultural knowledge of Roger's colony was far ahead of the normal education level of this time period. As those people moved into the jobs requiring less education they did free some of Roger's better educated people for more important tasks. Surprisingly, some of the laborers replaced by new colonists chose to resume their education and moved into the more technical work for the colony. This resulted in an increase in the rate of progress for the colony.

As his colony continued to grow Roger began to push the boundaries of his settlement east and south taking in more and more area as he felt he could control and protect it. One of the biggest challenges was in expanding the rail and road network which is what allowed the army to protect the increased area. The ability to move men and equipment is critical to any military. Closely behind came his farms and small towns to support them and his other interests. As the colony grew so did their immigration. When people from Florida heard about the equality and peace he provided many would slip away and move to what Roger began calling the North American Union. Many Indians moved into his settlements and were assimilated. To his surprise Roger occasionally met an Englishman or Frenchman walking through the woods. So far most of them did not want to stay with them but he always made the invitation and sent word out with them that he would take new immigrants. He had hopes this word of mouth would eventually cause immigration to go from the current trickle into a steady stream.

One of Roger's greatest ongoing jobs was to make Europeans treat the Indians as civilized beings. His early settlers learned the task well but his new ones still tended to look down on the "savages". Of course, when the Indians felt they were wronged they tended to fight as would anyone else. Roger constantly and severely punished those guilty of discrimination no matter what ethnic group was being discriminated against. His standing up for them caused the Indians to respect Roger even more and, surprisingly, most of the Europeans respected Roger for his stance—especially those who were in a minority also.

By the time 1600 rolled around the non-Native American population of his small colony passed 5000 and they covered an area Roger estimated to be the size of modern day Georgia and Alabama combined. Of course they were spread very thin but each of his settlements was secure enough to be able to defend itself well. Roger grew his development to the east and south hoping to meet up with and assimilate the settlers from Florida and the ones arriving from England more rapidly. He sent small detachments from his Army on exploration missions to the north and east as well as into Florida and west as far as the Mississippi river. As they explored they built rudimentary roads that would be expanded and upgraded later to carry modern traffic. Every exploratory mission mapped their travels.

Roger's small military patrols finally had a fortunate/unfortunate side effect. The Spanish Governor of Florida became angry because Roger not only incited his colonists and some of the soldiers to desert but his colony began encroaching on land the King of Spain considered his. Roger's patrols began meeting more and more resistance from the Spanish. Spain began building forts along the Florida border and sending patrols into Roger's North American Union.

For Roger, the last straw came when the Spanish attacked a small community and burned it to the ground. They killed many of the inhabitants including some of the women and children. It was almost noon when the report of the attack came to Roger. He immediately called his department heads to a meeting. Bear Stalker was de facto head of his small army (he considered himself the War Chief)

Roger waited for all to be seated then stood to deliver his address. He informed the assembly of the facts as he knew them. Of course many of them already knew some of the facts from the rumors flying through the settlement.

Now Roger began pacing until calm was restored. He said, "You all know I have always intended to keep the European countries from colonizing this continent. You all know of my vision for our nation. I have hesitated to do more than we have about the Spanish in Florida for several reasons. I worried about us being strong enough to fight a war with them if we angered the King. I also liked the fact that they brought colonists over to us and we could select the ones we wanted when they became disenchanted with the Spanish. I believe this policy has to change. We cannot let another attack on our villages, on our nation happen. I propose to take two companies of the army to Florida and retaliate for this unprovoked attack on innocent civilians.

"As you know I intended to have rudimentary roads into the New England area before the settlers begin arriving in large numbers so we could lay prior claim to the land and better protect it. I wanted to have these roads completed before we had to confront armed attack but our hand has been forced. I still intend to do this so we can take many of the settlers and their new settlements into this nation if they are willing to abide by our rules and laws. I wanted these roads and this development so we could repel the English army easier when it begins to arrive. We will have to put these plans on hold for a short while to deal with the Spanish. I see now I really should have done something sooner. Now we will."

Within the week Roger and his men moved south heading for Florida. He was 39 chronological years old in the year 1600. With a slow burning but intense anger, Roger began the drive to push the Spanish government troops out of Florida. Soon, in late 1601, Florida became the third state in his North American Union. 

After that defeat Spanish ships still came around from time to time but since the NAU army defeated their small forces on the land and accepted the colonists into their society they came mostly for trade or port calls. Roger's manufactured goods were beginning to be highly sought after in Europe. Occasionally some military forays were made against Roger's forces in a feeble attempt to regain control of Florida. These forays were always unsuccessful because Roger's forces were so much better trained and armed than the Spanish. Finally the Spanish gave up because of their losses of ships and men and formally ceded Florida to the North American Union. Spain became the first nation to recognize Roger's new nation. Trade, while slight became more and more important to the two nations. Of course, the strife in Spain and France had some bearing on the Spanish decision. Occasionally a whole shipload of immigrants would show up from either Spain or France. St. Augustine rapidly became a very busy port.

Roger and his people made friends with the Seminole and other tribes in the area. Many of them were assimilating into the society he was building and learning the modern skills. With Roger's help they were able to fight off and destroy invading or marauding Indian tribes. Those who did not want to assimilate were allowed to live as they had for centuries with the exception of continuing their warlike ways. If they raided, Roger sent a small army to punish the miscreants. He wiped out several villages that just would not learn to live peacefully with their neighbors. The survivors—mostly women and small children—were allowed to either move to one of the NAU towns or into one of the settlements of the peaceful Indians still following the old ways. Some of the tribes actually moved from the area the NAU controlled because they did not want to live as Roger demanded and they were unable to successfully fight his forces. They wanted to continue their warlike ways and raid their neighbors. They learned they could not successfully raid Roger's settlements so they moved on. 

As Roger expanded his nation' borders almost the first thing that followed the troops were the teachers. They opened schools or moved into existing schools and instituted Roger's educational curriculum. As students with high intelligence and special capabilities were identified they were sent to Birmingham for training in one of the technical specialties. Birmingham became the seat of Roger's first University. 

By 1603, Roger had large steel ships on the drawing boards. He already had two smaller metal patrol craft actually afloat with modern naval cannons installed. Just the small patrol craft should be sufficient to sink a top of the line wooden English frigate. They certainly did a good job sinking the occasional Spanish ship that had the temerity to attack the NAU. Roger needed the larger steel ships to patrol farther to sea and to take the fight to Great Britain. He also wanted them so he could trade into the Caribbean and turn back the slave ships he expected to arrive soon.

As time progressed Roger finally moved his center of operations from the Birmingham area. He left many of the original Roanoke settlers and their descendants there working in the mines and steel mills or other factories. Sometime in the past Roger achieved almost God like status to the Indians and even to his European settlers. He felt he spent way too much of his time governing the small nation now but he could not see any other way to do it. His subjects came to him with more and more problems wanting resolution. What he really wanted to do was design machinery and infrastructure. He wanted to build machines and roads. What he was doing was interceding in interpersonal relationships, business dealings and arguments between settlements. He had very little time to design the technological marvels he wanted to see built and that they needed.

Roger finally gave up and admitted he was the hereditary leader of the area he called the North American Union. He and his closest advisors formalized the structure and began building a stronger national identity. Roger even designed a flag for the young nation. It closely resembled the Texas flag from his time period. Roger decided he needed to move his capitol from the interior of the country. He decided the new location for his capitol would be where Savannah, Georgia was located in his original time line. 

By the time he made the decision to move his capitol to Savannah Roger was 42 years old. Construction of the new settlement and capitol began in 1603. Construction moved rapidly using settlers from Florida and Birmingham as well as assimilated Indians and new emigrants from Europe. Now, also, ships called from European ports and soon a trickle became a deluge of settlers as escaped, shanghaied seamen and voluntary immigrants escaping their lives in Europe began to swell the population.

Roger felt confident things would be handled well in the oil fields and the Birmingham area if he and his governing body moved to the coast. Over the years, Roger had given workers and managers partial ownership in his endeavors. Roger owned 25% of all endeavors he originally formed. His small Nation owned another 26%. The remaining 49% of the endeavor was owned by the managers and workers. Profits were split based upon an agreed upon formula with higher pay going to persons higher in the hierarchy. Roger, as King voted the 51% in management disputes but he normally had a hands off attitude as long as the operation produced efficiently and honestly. Privately owned businesses were taxed a flat 15% of revenues or production as previously stated. 

One of the driving forces for the move to Savannah was the excellent port in the area. Roger was ready to build his large ships and needed the bay and area for their port. He had roads and railroads linking the oil fields and Birmingham and Birmingham and the Savannah area. There were roads south into Florida also.

One of the first things built at Savannah after housing was the shipyard. It took four years to build the first large ship but the second one was only a year behind. They would complete large ships at the rate of one per year after that, assuming they did not run into any serious problems. It was a proud day for Roger when the first ship slipped down the ways into the bay. Three months were needed to finish fitting it out after it was launched then Roger boarded it for the maiden voyage. Smaller ships, coastal patrol boats mostly, were built as time and space allowed. They produced two or three per year of the smaller units. Occasionally one of the larger ships produced would not be armed as heavily. It would then be used as a merchantman. Private individuals still produced some smaller sailing vessels but the NAU did not own or operate anything except steel hulled ships.

The Captain of the first ship built was Roger's stepdaughter Emma. At the time she took command she was only 18 years old. Yes, Roger had married Ruth and adopted her daughter two years after she came to live with him. She had been with him throughout the times since. They cried together when Sunny and Deer died several years previously in one of the few Indian raids on Birmingham. Margarita was now his oldest wife. She was weak and frail at 46 years of age. Roger knew it would not be long before she, too, died and left him alone except for Ruth and their many children.

Emma and the other children were educated using the modern books Roger found in the vehicles transported back in time with him. Their knowledge was far and away above that of most men of the time. Roger made sure they were all trained in the modern methods of fighting he learned in the USA Military. His military training followed that of the Rangers and Green Beret's more than that of the regular infantry. This made them strong unconventional fighters. If they were not surprised they could always defeat one of the downtime fighters. 

The day the first large warship was to take her maiden voyage Roger boarded with Ruth. He made his way to the bridge and was embarrassed when the Petty Officer of the Watch (for this was a warship) blew his Bosuns Pipe and said, "His Majesty, King Roger the First and Admiral of the fleet, on the Bridge."

Emma looked over at Roger and her mother Ruth. She smiled and said, "Welcome aboard Your Majesties. We're ready to depart at your convenience. I assume the plans remain unchanged? We are running up the coast to Boston then returning?"

"Yes, Captain. No change in orders and Belay the fawning. I've been your father now for more years than I want to think about and I expect you to remember that."

Emma grinned and saluted impudently. "Of COURSE, Sire!" she said.

Roger watched Emma carefully maneuver her ship from its place at the dock and out into the stream. They were rapidly heading for the open ocean. After they were moving well he hugged Ruth and said, "Captain, I'm going below to see how the engines are doing. Call me when you are ready to test the weapons."

Almost two hours later a loud voice boomed from the speaker tube from the bridge to the engine room. Roger and the engine crew heard, "Admiral to the Bridge. Now General Quarters, General Quarters. All hands man your battle stations. Close all watertight doors. This is no drill. I repeat, this is no drill."

What would have been a leisurely trip from the engine room to the bridge for Roger became a mad dash. When he arrived the entire battle crew was at their posts and the weapons were being manned and trained out to the starboard side.

Roger looked at a serious looking Emma and asked, "What's going on, Captain? Why are we at General Quarters?"

Emma handed him her binoculars and pointed out a sailing ship to the northeast. It was flying the Union Jack and had its cannon ran out. Just behind it Roger saw another ship, a merchantman by its looks making for the open sea.

When they came near the frigate they were hailed by the Captain of the British warship. "Heave to, there. What are you doing in His Majesties waters, Captain? And what manner of vessel are you? I do not recognize the flag you fly."

Emma looked at her father for a moment then asked, "Do you want me to hail him or do you want to do it, Sire?"

"I suppose I should do it since I am here. I'm afraid this may be the beginning of the difficulties I have been expecting to crop up with the British. They claim the new world, you know, and I am about to disabuse them of that notion. I wouldn't be surprised if this wasn't a deliberate attempt to put us in our places. It has been about long enough for our agreement with the Spanish over Florida to get to England."

Roger stepped onto the Bridge Wing nearest the British warship and raised his megaphone to his mouth. "I am King Roger the First, Admiral of the fleet and ruler of the North American Union in whose waters YOU are trespassing. By what right do you come into our waters? If it is to trade why do you have your cannon ran out?"

"North American Union? I know not of this place. This land is the property of the Crown and we are here to colonize it. Now be off with you before we have to fire on you."

"No, sorry. You seem to have been misinformed. This entire continent is the property of the North American Union and is not open to colonization. We will, however, accept immigrants if they meet our selection criteria. We will soon make our way to England to set up offices in which we will select those who we will be willing to take as immigrants. I would advise you and your King to withdraw before you make a serious mistake. You are, however, welcome to send a diplomatic representative if you want peaceful intercourse."

"Ridiculous! Heave to, there. Prepare to receive boarders. I've had enough of your impudence sir. I demand you surrender in the name of the King."

Roger turned to Emma and said, "I don't think he's going to listen to reason. If he fires on us, even if it is a warning shot, hull him in the bow just over the waterline. If he continues to fire sink him with your next salvo."

Before Roger finished giving his orders the English Captain ordered his gunner to fire a warning round over the bow of the NAU ship. Almost before the sound of the cannon died out Emma turned to her Gunnery Officer and said, "Forward gun turret is authorized to fire one round into the enemies bow one meter above the water line. If he returns fire all mounts that will bear on target are authorized to fire for effect and sink the bastard."

"Aye, Aye, Ma'am." He said. He turned to the enlisted man beside him and relayed the orders. The forward mount fired and almost a third of the bow of the frigate disappeared in a gout of flame from the explosion.

Roger turned to Emma and said, "Humm. I seem to have misjudged the damage one of our shells would do to a wooden hull. Let's see what he's going to do now."

As he spoke the English ship fired once more, this time with a full broadside. To their consternation all the cannon balls just bounced off the steel hull of the NAU ship with no discernible damage. Emma decided to be merciful. She turned to her Gunnery Officer and interrupted him just as he was going to order the batteries to fire for effect. She said, "Belay my last order. Mount one is to fire one shell at the waterline abaft of the enemies bow. Then stand by to rescue survivors."

"Aye, Ma'am."

To no one's surprise that one shell was all it took. The British ship broke in half and plunged to the bottom in less than two minutes. They managed to recover 13 survivors including the Captain, Sailing Master, and eleven crew.
