 This story is one of absurd furry transformations, huge body parts, and the like. 

If that is not your cup of tea, turn back now.

*****

As the door opened and he got his first glance of the clinician he was talking to, Edward had the sudden thought that this might have been a mistake. His first impression was of her being a hyena anthromorph. That alone would have probably been intimidating enough, but she was also simply huge. On her eight foot frame was an almost absurd level of musculature and boob which filled both a lab coat and pair of dark pink scrubs to bursting. He could see tan and black fur through several tears along seams and it was hard to miss a prodigious bulge in her pants which made him shift uncomfortably.

All of this meant he was having a hard time figuring out where to look. The room seemed to shrink around her as stood and the tangle of horns atop her head scratched the ceiling tiles while a tail reminiscent of a Chinese dragon coiled around the exam table. It was then he realized what he thought was jewelry was actually polished dark scales which plated her neck and vanished into a strained collar. She was not just an anthromorph, she was a chimera. 

"Hi," she said offering a paw-like hand."I'm Dr. Xurnami, I'll be the one doing your gene therapy consultation today."

Edward gingerly offered his much smaller hand. He expected her grip to be crushing, but it was more like the caress of velvet. Nervous laughter escaped his lips.

"Sorry, I'm still a bit out of sorts after a...lab accident, yes, that's the best way to put it. I forget how big I am still." Her voice was a brassy rumble with a hint of British or Aussie accent.

"Anyway," she settled on a stool which creaked under her weight. She crossed her legs and opened a folder on her lap. He recognized the form he had mailed in. "Let us see what we're doing for you today..."

He started to sweat as he realized it was very likely she would actually be able to do what he was asking. That scared him almost as much as it thrilled him. Over the last five years, becoming a chimera was had become much like any other body modification. The small things, like changing one's ears or eyes, were acceptable. Massive or noticeable alterations however, made others uncomfortable.

If he had not met Christine, he probably never would have even thought about it. Now though, after getting wolf ears for their two year anniversary, he thought he was ready to take the plunge and yet...

"From your survey results, you want a few different things. Not that it's a problem, just means there might be some complications."

"Yeah, I'll be honest...I don't really know what I want."

"Well, what's a priority?"

Edward blushed as he mumbled abut wishing he had a bigger dick.

"What was that?" Xurnami asked with a grin. She shifted her position, lifting her bulge to prominence. " Was that something about wanting to be more endowed? Go on, be honest."

"IwishIwasthatbig," he said in a rush, as if not doing so meant he would not be able to say the words.

"Okay, that is not an issue in the slightest." she marked something in his folder, then looked back to him. "Anything else?"

There was a flash of the first time he tried on Christine's bra under a shirt and she dropped everything to have sex with him. It had become something of a thing for them as they both got more into pegging, but it was not a side of himself he had shown the world before. It was probably the one thing she wanted that he was unsure about. When he explained that to the doctor, she chuckled.

"Sorry, not laughing at you. Just thinking back to when I first came to terms with wanting to be both and founded this clinic. I have a broad-spectrum feminization therapy, if you so desire. You can be that girl for your girl all the time..."

"I, well, what does that even look like?"

"It varies from person to person."

"Supposing it wasn't enough..."

"We could certainly give you another dose, but I make no promises about what that would do."

Edward nodded and the doctor made more notes.

"Is it, um, is it possible to go fur?"

"Oh? You mean like me? Yeah, what'd you have in mind."

"I'm partial to tiger stripes..."

They went back and forth a bit more to work out the details. As they did, Edward warmed considerably to the idea of a full body transformation. By time the consultation was over, he was ready to do it that day. The huge chimeric woman laughed at that and told him she was happy to oblige. She left the room, saying she needed to make up his tonic.

He pulled out his phone to text Christine about what he planned to do.

[You're really gonna do it? EEE! That's so exciting :D So what're you getting done?]

It took a couple minutes to type out everything he and the doctor had agreed upon.

[Wow! That's so much...you're really taking a big leap o.o]

[Well, when someone else is paying for it, might as well get them their money out of it XP]

[Don't say it like that...you could spend that money however you wanted and I would be just as happy.]

[You sure about that?]

[I guess I'd be lying if I didn't say I was already working myself up over the thought of my new lover's body ._.;;]

[Oh? Just how worked up are you?]

She sent over a photo of her on her back in bed that spoke volumes. His fox-and-cow-tinged girlfriend was nearly naked, with only a cami on over her red fur. Her ears were down like she was getting the best petting and her boobs already straining against her top as the rather unique alterations she gotten responded to her arousal. She had her thick, powerful thighs spread wide to get the maximum spread as her free hand was two fingers deep in her plump snatch. 

[I'll keep myself worked up, so I'd better get one hell of a good fuck with that new dick of yours, k?]

His cock throbbed within his pants. He promised that would be the case, just as Xurnami returned with a very large syringe.

"Okay, so which arm?"

He balled his hand into a fist and put out his left. The needle entered his vein, there was a brief sting as cc after cc of mutagenic material was pumped into his body. He was already feeling warm as the tonic began to circulate. He felt the changes in his cock first, his body already pumping extra blood there from the photo of Christine. It grew six inches in the span of one breath and then twitched as it grew more girthy.

Xurnami pulled the empty syringe out and pushed her stool back out of the way. "Do feel free to strip, I'll provide you with better fitting clothing once you settle down."

It turned out the suggestion was timely as no sooner had Edward removed his shirt that a tuft of dark gray fur sprouted in the middle of his chest just over his collar bone. A second later, his chest began to ache. There was a rushing sensation and a feeling of building pressure as his pulse started to race. Steadily a weight settled on his shoulders as the bust he had asked for started to grow in.

His hands jumped to his swelling boobs, and gasped at the sensation. They were sore, like he was going through puberty, but they were also soft as they grew to a size that filled his cupped hand. The changes seemed to spread from there, his hands and chest each sprouting more fur. His fingers shrank as they thickened, becoming more like paws.

As his newly gained bust began to push his fingers apart, there was a tingling over his scalp and down his back. Thicker, more mane-like fur sprouted into a mowhawk that quickly grew in along his spine. Almost like a horse's mane. He pulled his pants off just as the tingling became a pressure at the top of his hips. His tailbone pushed against his skin, stretching it out as yet more fur grew in. The bones grew down to his calves, his fur was amazingly soft and fluffy. That however, was not the only growth removing his pants had accommodated.

Freed from denim prison, it became evident just how much his cock had been transformed. It had escaped his boxers and was distinctly equine now, with a broad, flared head. It was also hanging to mid-thigh. There were several tickling, slithering sensations, as thick veins began to stand out under his skin. An intensely pleasurable throb which began at his base ran up the length of his shaft, making his half-hard cock twitch and begin to rise. There was another throb and his erection swelled further as it hardened. The cycles of throbs and growth accelerated until his heart was racing and over a foot of of horse cock was growing from his crotch.

He slumped against the exam table as the sensations from his crotch became overwhelming. The throbbing grew stronger and more frequent as his balls began to get in on the action. He managed to rip is hands away from his boobs to cup them as they swelled ever larger until each was bigger than he could handle with just one hand. He was content with that, but the tonic had other plans as twitches between his legs heralded other internal changes. His taint swelled against his thighs as his ass hole did the same between his cheeks. With the same intense pleasure, he felt his ass begin to expand as it pushed him away from the table. 

He was panting as the feeling of transformation moved on to his face and feet. There were startling cracks as his feet became more dog-like. His leg muscles surged larger and thicker, rebuilding him for a digitigrade stance. There was a grinding noise as his face started to stretch out. He could feel his tongue getting longer and his teeth more pointed, as his mouth morphed into a canine muzzle. His nose moved with his lips, merging down into his emerging snout. He was nearly overcome by the new level of senses between the smell of his new fur, the sterile office air, his beading pre-cum, and Xurnami's own scent. 

And then, it was over.

"Well then, that was the most drastic reaction I've ever seen."

He looked down over himself, were it not for the massive cock between his legs he would have thought himself completely transformed into a woman. His hands roamed over his new curves, caressing the slight pudge on his thighs and tummy before moving on to cup breasts that rivaled Christine's starting point. Every inch of him was covered in fur, which only added to the softness on his body.

"It was intense, but, I, uh...I feel like this isn't quite where I want to be."

"Was it too much? I warned you that was possi-"

"No, I want...more."

"Well, we certainly can make that happen..."

--

Over the last hour, Christine had worked herself up to a size she had never reached. Her Spandex shirt was barely able to contain her girls and she could feel the seams starting to pop along her ribs. She chuckled at the fact that it looked like she was smuggling melons or something. Tempted to go even larger, she began to edge once more when her phone buzzed.

[Hey, I'm downstairs, let me in?]

[Be right there <3]

She heaved herself out of bed and realized just how truly massive she had become. Her boobs settled on her stomach, the bottom of their curves nearly to her navel. Even as her mutation began to pump up her back and core to deal with the weight, she was unaccustomed to its sway and leaned on the walls of her apartment as she moved towards the buzzer. By time she got there though, she was walking upright as if she had always had boobs twice the size of her head.

She hit the button and heard her front door open, followed by the clatter of Edward removing his shoes. She vibrated with anticipation, her tail puffed up as it flicked back and forth. A gasp escaped her lips as her boyfriend appeared. Just seeing his new body was enough to make her boobs surge larger. Everything about him was curves, his huge tits, his wide hips, and that bulge in his pants! It was almost too much. With each step up the stairs, his lush body jiggled and fought with his clothes. His mane of dark hair bounced and she could not wait to get her hands tangled in it.

"Well?" He said when got to the top. "What do you think?"

Her response was simply to tackle him and shower him with kisses.