 Chapter One:The Scarlet Rapier

Alison Turner leant back in the padded pilots chair of the spaceship The Scarlet Rapier, rubbing her tired eyes and then running her fingers through her shoulder length red hair. The beautiful pilot and first mate of the Rapier was working the graveyard shift at the helm so she was completely alone on the silent bridge of the ship. Alison crossed her long legs and leant back even further in the chair, completely at ease. She was dressed in practically nothing, wearing only a lacy black teddy that left most of her well curved and proportioned figure uncovered, but at this hour of night it didn’t really matter.

Red, as Alison was known to her friends, took a quick glance at the navigation computer screen off to her left, ensuring that the Scarlet Rapier was still on course and that the autopilot had not drifted them off. She’d got the nickname for the obvious reason of her flaming scarlet hair, in fact her name had originally been Big Red, in honor of her ample D cup assets, but over the last few years it had been shortened to just Red.

The lovely red haired pilot gave a loud yawn, lifting one hand to cover her gaping mouth. Suddenly a pair of male hands reached around her from behind the pilot’s chair. The hands cupped over her large breasts and gave them a squeeze through the lace of her teddy.

“Shit!” she gasped in surprise as the hands squeezed her firm and ample breasts. Her heart thumped in her chest.

“Quiet shift Red?” the owner of the hands asked as he started to knead and grope the ample mounds.

“Jesus Captain, you scared the shit out of me,” Red breathed, disengaging his insistent hands from her tits and spinning around in her chair to face him.

The Captain and owner of the Scarlet Rapier, Lex McGinnity, was also in a state of undress, wearing a white satin robe that gaped open as he crouched by Red’s chair, revealing only a pair of boxer shorts and nothing else beneath. Lex was a few years older than his busty first mate, in his early forties to her mid thirties. He was in good shape for his age and had a very distinguished handsomeness to his appearance that always attracted the ladies.

Lex ran his hands up Red’s bare thighs as she spun to face him, enjoying the soft smoothness of her long legs.

“No problems?” he asked her.

“It’s been dead tonight,” Red confirmed, her lips turning up into a grin as her Captain ran his hands between her legs and stroked back down the inside of her creamy thighs. 

Lex moved to the co-pilots seat right beside her and scanned his eyes across the various controls and read outs. Red took the opportunity to admire her handsome Captain, she couldn’t help but lick her lips when she saw the tent his cock made in his boxers, his robe still gaping wide open and leaving little to the imagination.

Red stood up and moved in front of Lex, distracting him from the instruments with the sight of her glorious body. Without a word she moved forward and sat on his lap, straddling him as she planted a firm kiss on her full red lips. Lex gave a moan as the beautiful redhead moved forward on his lips as her tongue slipped into his mouth. He felt her grind her pubic mound into the hard bulge in his lap.

“Do you think the autopilot can handle things for the next twenty minutes?” Lex asked as they broke off their kiss, both of them breathing heavily.

“Only twenty?” Red replied, raising one eyebrow as a wicked smirk crossed her lips. Lex grinned back at her, his hands immediately reaching for the straps of her teddy and pushing them off her shoulders. He tugged the piece of lingerie to her waist, revealing Red’s bare D cup tits. They were full and firm, showing no sign of sag, and topped by mouthwateringly deep red nipples. Lex hands immediately slid up from Red’s hips to cup her big round tits and give them a satisfying squeeze.

“Perhaps thirty,” he agreed, bending forward and burying his face in Red’s ample bosom, his tongue lashing across her nipples and up the length of her deep cleavage. The lustful Captain used his hands to press Red’s big tits together around his face as he sucked hungrily on both nipples and completely ravished her breasts with his mouth.

The lovely redhead moaned in pleasure, letting the Captain have his way with her big tits for a few moments. When he finally came up for air Red immediately slipped back off his lap, dropping to her knees in front of his chair.

“Have you got a surprise for me?” she purred huskily, running her hands up the length of Lex’s hard, muscled thighs.

“A big surprise,” Lex agreed as Red’s soft hands reached into his lap, rubbing his rock hard cock through his boxer shorts. “A huge surprise!” he said with a groan as the buxom redhead slipped one soft hand in through the fly of his shorts and tugged out his thick cock.

“Oh my,” breathed Red teasingly. She stroked his rock hard cock in both of her hands, he was at least 8 inches in length, possibly more. “Looks tasty,” she murmured, leaning in close, her tongue slipping out from between her red lips to tease the head of his thick shaft.

“Taste it then!” groaned Lex as her delicate tongue lapped gently at the underside of his cock. Driven over the edge by her teasing he reached out and grabbed Red by her soft scarlet hair, pulling her head down to his cock, the hard shaft sliding in between her lips and across her hot tongue. Red immediately began sucking as he pulling her into his lap, her Captain letting out a loud groan of pleasure as his throbbing manhood was finally enveloped in her wet mouth.

“Mmm!” moaned Red happily, her mouth full of cock. Red’s head immediately began to bob over the Captains cock, taking him deep into her throat with each suck.

“Oh God!” groaned Lex, “Suck it Red, suck it!”

Red pulled up to the end of his cock, her tongue swirling delightfully round the head. She gave him a wicked wink and then opened her mouth wide, plunging her mouth down over his dick and edging further and further down his shaft, coming close to gagging as the head of his cock pushed into his throat. Lex gave a long moan as he felt Red’s generous lips close around the very base of his shaft, his cock lodged in her clutching throat.

“Fuck you’re a good cocksucker he moaned as she pulled back once again, his cock trembling with pleasure and close to exploding. When Red’s mouth once again began it’s descent down the length of her Captain’s cock Lex gave a grunt and pulled her head up from his lap, knowing that he would have filled her mouth with his cum if she’d continued, and he had another destination in mind for his load.

Knowing she’d pushed Lex to the edge, Red smiled broadly as he pulled her to her feet and spun her around, facing her towards the control panel. He reached around from behind, briefly giving her large breasts a squeeze before he pushed her forward, bending her over the control panel ready to fuck. He grabbed her teddy, which was still bunched around her waist and started to tug it down.

Just as he pulled the garment past Red’s creamy buttocks a massive shudder rocked the Scarlet Rapier, sending the almost naked couple sprawling onto the floor.

“What the fuck was that?” demanded Lex as he staggered to his feet, stuffing his painfully hard erection back inside his boxer shorts.

“I don’t know,” replied Red, pulling up her teddy as she hurried to the control panel.

A second shudder went through the ship, Red was able to clutch at the pilots to stay on her feet but Lex was once again knocked to the floor.

“We’re under attack!” cried Red as she looked at the panel.

“What is it?” asked a female voice from the rear of the bridge.

Lex scrambled into a chair as Red replied, “Balacheans!” the busty redhead announced.

“Oh shit!” swore the newcomer, taking a seat off to the side of the bridge. She was a tall and very elegant looking brunette with long silky hair that reached all the way to her waist. She was dressed in a short lacy white nightdress that fell only to mid-thigh, revealing plenty of her long, sleek legs. The top of her nightdress was pulled taut across an impressively perky pair of full C cups, not as buxom as Red but still a nice rack. Elizabeth Holmes was the communications and navigations officer of the Scarlet Rapier and also the backup pilot.

“Sound the alarm Elizabeth!” ordered Lex.

“Shields to full!” called out Red, at the same time switching off the autopilot.

The alarm hooters rang throughout the ship as Lex flicked on the screen to his left. “Damage report Kelly,” he demanded on the face that appeared on the screen.

“Shield energy to 80% and a small breach in the hull near the cargo area, nothing serious so far Captain,” Kelly Clayton reported. She was a very pretty blonde with cute dimples in both cheeks and blonde hair, cut short to avoid getting caught up in machinery as she worked. The blonde mechanic was dressed in a pair of form fitting pale blue overalls. The zipper front was only zipped half way and a pair of huge tits swelling up from the open front, revealing a deep cleavage and the round tops of her mind-boggling F Cup jugs. “What’s going on up there?” the voluptuous mechanic asked.

“A Balachean ship is attacking us,” replied Lex, “See what you can do about getting those shields up to full strength.”

“Aye sir!” she replied with a sharp nod, the action causing her apparently braless tits to jiggling impressively.

Another shudder went through the Scarlet Rapier, this one a lot smaller as the shields absorbed most of the impact.

“Found them!” called out Elizabeth from her console, finally locating where the enemy was attacking. “They’re on the starboard side, very close.”

“On it Captain,” said Red, starting to turn the ship even before the order was given. Red was the longest serving member of the Scarlet Rapier and she and Captain McGinnity worked well together.

“Everyone okay?” asked another female voice from the door to the bridge as the last member of the crew appeared.

“We’re fine Dr Taylor,” Elizabeth confirmed, glancing back.

“Good to hear,” Carmen Taylor replied, taking a seat at the rear of the ship. The attractive medical officer of the Scarlet Rapier had taken the time to get dressed, unlike most of her shipmates. She was dressed in a pair of tight gray trousers that clung to her slim figure and a red top that was quite tight and low cut and pushed up a swelling cleavage between her firm Double Ds. Her raven black wavy hair was slightly disheveled from being so suddenly awoken and she had foregone the white lab coat she usually wore.

“They’re trying to flank us,” Elizabeth called out to Red.

“I see it,” replied Red. “Their ship is slower than ours.” She was cut off as another direct hit slammed into the ship.

“We can’t take many more hits like that,” came Kelly’s voice over the intercom.

“Not much longer…” murmured Red, turning hard on the controls of the Rapier. “Now!”

At her shout Lex hit the fire button on all their weapons and started to unload on the alien vessel that was attacking them.

“Good shot sir, direct hit!” shouted Elizabeth with a whoop of excitement.

“They’re turning again,” Red said, already taking evasive action of her own as she spoke.

Lex fired off another shot, clipping the rear of the Balachean vessel as it turned, the enemies reply was a miss.

“We’ve got them!” Elizabeth said excitedly.

Lex’s next two shots finished off the slower alien ship, the spacecraft exploding in a short burst of energy.

“Nice work everyone!” Lex told the crew with a sigh of relief. He was very thankful that the Scarlet Rapier was such a good ship, otherwise the Balachean’s surprise attack could have been fatal.

***

Elizabeth Holmes ran the hairbrush through her waist length brown hair for the hundredth time as she did every morning and then dropped the comb back into the drawer beside her bed. She was about to head to the ships kitchen to grab some breakfast when the first mates voice came over her intercom.

“All crew please report to the Captains quarters for a ships meeting,” Red announced. Ships meetings were quite common on the Scarlet Rapier, and although the Captain had the ultimate say on any matter the ship ran almost as a democracy.

Elizabeth sighed in disappointment over her missed breakfast and headed out the door. This time she was dressed, unlike the earlier emergency. She wore a pair of skintight pink trousers that clung to every curve of her long legs and impressive backside, and a tight white woolen jumper that zipped up the front where it stretched taut across her full breasts but came right the way up to a high turtleneck. Conservative and yet sexy, it suited Elizabeth perfectly.

As she headed for the door the ships communications officer took a moment to admire herself in the full-length mirror on the wall. She loved the way the tight fitting jumper clung to her C cup breasts, the ample melons were the smallest amongst the busty crewmembers, but Elizabeth felt they were the roundest and perkiest, plus she had the best ass she told herself, turning slightly to check out her posterior in the sexy pink pants she wore. Oh yes.

The Captains quarters were, unsurprisingly, the largest on the ship. They were decorated in a rather bawdy mix of reds and browns, with a very plush longhaired carpet with an old-fashioned Asian style design. To one side of the room was a bedroom style living area and the other side acted as an office, complete with desk, chair, computer and bookshelf.

When Elizabeth arrived the rest of the crew was already there, sitting around in the Captains lounge area where he had a couch and two plush chairs.

The rest of crew was also now fully dressed. The Captain wore a pair of tan trousers and a black short sleeved shirt and sat in the middle of the three-seater couch, his arms draped around the shoulders of the two women sitting either side of him.

To his left sat Kelly Clayton the ships engineer. The vastly busted woman was still dressed in the same overalls she’d had on earlier, only now she wore something beneath them as well. The front of the overalls was open to the waist and she wore a tight white tank top beneath, her massive tits jutting out of the open front of the overalls. On the Captains other side sat Alison ‘Red’ Turner, the ships first mate. She was dressed in a pair of black leather pants that were slung quite low on her shapely hips, the sides of her pink g-string visible, and a skimpy white halter top that had a plunging neckline showing plenty of the upper slopes of her big D cups.

Elizabeth sat in one of the single chairs, whilst opposite her in the other sat Carmen Taylor the ships medical officer. Carmen, who had taken the time that morning to get dressed, was still wearing the gray pants and red low cut top she had on earlier, she was low also wearing a long white lab coat.

“Okay now that we’re all here, lets get started,” said the Captain, the hand he had around Kelly’s shoulder briefly reaching down to squeeze one of her huge tits through her tank top before he let go of the two women and stood up. “Who’s turn is it today?” he asked the four women.

“Um, it was me last time so it must be Carmen,” said Kelly.

The Captain smiled and turned to the lovely raven-haired doctor. “Very well, Dr Taylor assume the position please and we’ll get started.”

Carmen smiled in anticipation and got to her feet, shrugging off her lab coat and dropping it onto the chair behind her. She then unzipped her trousers and slipped them off her long sleek legs, revealing a pair of French cut lacy purple panties. The lovely doctor then tugged her red blouse up over her head, beneath she was not wearing a bra and her large 38DD’s feel free, jiggling enticingly.

The topless doctor, now wearing only her panties knelt down on the plush carpet, going to her hands and knee’s in front of the rest of the crew. The Captain moved behind her and dropped his trousers and underwear, his big cock already fully erect in anticipation as he moved to his knees behind the lovely brunette. Lex ran his hand over Carmen’s smooth bare back, curling his hand underneath her to give her big hanging breasts a quick squeeze before both hands moved to her panties and peeled them down over her firm buttocks, stripping her completely.

“So what’s today’s meeting about?” Elizabeth asked, leaning back in her chair and crossing her long legs as she watched the Captain squeeze Carmen’s ass.

“Just a brief update to let you all know what’s happening next and what we’ve got planned,” the Captain replied casually, taking hold of Carmen’s hips and lining his cock up with the ready entry to her tight pussy. No one seemed to mind or even care that he was about to fuck the ships doctor right in front of them all, and the meeting just carried on as normal.

“We’ve just entered the Clammix solar system haven’t we Captain?” asked Elizabeth.

“Yes that’s right,” the Captain agreed. “Oh fuck your pussy feels good Carmen!” he groaned as he slowly pushed his cock deep inside the busty doctor. Carmen let out a moan of her own and pushed back against him, her pussy clutching at his cock and drawing him all the way in. He tightened his hold on Carmen’s hips and began to thrust inside her, fucking her doggy style as the meeting took place. “Unfortunately our funds are running quite low at the moment girls,” he explained, driving a little faster against Carmen, the sound of his flesh slapping against hers competing with their voices. “We’re heading to the Space Station at Clammix 18 to try and pick up some mercenary work.”

“Is it that bad?” asked Kelly, they all hated mercenary work, the Scarlet Rapier was in fact a pirate ship and they made most of their money raiding merchant cargo vessels, which were more often than not completely unmanned. Mercenary work was usually a lot more dangerous and generally not so well paying.

“I’m afraid we don’t have a choice,” Red said, confirming that Captain’s decision. Lex meanwhile was reaching underneath Carmen to squeeze her big tits in his hands as he fucked her. “We haven’t had a decent haul for the last three months,” Red continued, one of her hands idly toying with her right breast through her halter top as she watched the mating couple in front of her.

“That’s right,” agreed the Captain, pulling down on Carmen’s nipples as his thrusts sped up, both he and Carmen were breathing heavily now. “I’ve already got a contact on Clammix 18 that says he has a job for us so we shouldn’t be there long.”

“Not much longer Captain,” moaned Carmen in warning, her orgasm approaching as the she was vigorously fucked from behind. Lex gave a grunt of his own and increased his pace, stroking harder and faster against her. He released his grip on her tits and straightened up to hold her hips and pull her back into him with each thrust of his cock.

“So what’s the job then?” Elizabeth asked.

“I don’t know yet, my contact is rather hush hush about the whole deal so I won’t know until we get there,” Lex said. Carmen suddenly let out a cry of pleasure, her whole body undulating as she started to cum. Her Captain didn’t relent, driving his cock deep within her as his own climax approached. “Oh fuck yesss!” gasped Lex as he started to shoot up inside the beautiful doctor. His hips slammed into his buttocks as he emptied his load, Carmen’s own orgasm still shooting through her as he came.

“Sounds like we don’t have a choice then,” Kelly said as the two rode through their orgasms. “Guess it won’t be too bad. You’ve got family on Clammix 18 don’t you Red?”

“Yeah, my brother owns a computer repair shop there,” Red confirmed. 

Lex pulled out of Carmen, causing her to moan softly at his sudden exit. He then stood up and stepped in front of where Kelly was sitting on the couch. He leant forward, one foot stepping up onto the arm of the couch as he leant his groin in towards Kelly’s face. The voluptuous blonde obediently leant forward to meet him, her mouth opening as she sucked his sensitive spent cock inside. Kelly bobbed her head a few times over his shrinking cock, suckling gently as she cleaned up Lex and Carmen’s combined juices. She then drew back and licked up the length of his cock, spending a couple moments on his balls and finally sucking his whole, by now limp, cock back into her mouth for one last suck.
