 After what seemed like hours, Quin Shun returns from his trance like state. Blinking and nodding his head, he gathers his posture and clears his throat.

"So?" I ask. "What did you find?"

"Interesting...Very, interesting." Quin Shun replies nonchalantly.

"What do you mean by that?" I ask

"Oh, nothing. Your energy field is very faint, but present enough for me to see it. It is also unique, not unlike my own in any way." Quin Shun responds.

"So my energy is doing this to my eyes?" I ask while pointing to my eyes with both hands.

"It would appear so, yes. It would seem you are very...special among other protector." Quin Shun answers.

"How so?"

"In the way that means you will surpass whoever is the current protector here."

"And who is that? Do I know him?" I ask curiously

"In a way," Quin Shun says slowly. "But the important thing right now is for you to meditate. Focus your mind all around you like how you observed the flow of energy from the charm I gave you."

"Like Eragon?" I ask

Pausing me a moment before responding, Quin Shun thinks. "Yeesss, like Eragon." Quin Shun says finally.

"Ok" I reply. I turn back around and sit cross legged on the circular tree trunk. I breathe in a few deep breaths then quickly say Dispareo to make the bowl and water disappear. I then promptly look at Quin Shun.

"Uuuhh, how long do I have to do this for?" I ask.

"Until you have achieved the ability to see and hear everything at once, yet nothing at all." Quin Shun answers methodically.

Nodding, I close my eyes and deepen my breathing, calming my mind before I extend it as far as I can to every part of the forest. Quin Shun watches me for a few more seconds before turning and walking out of the clearing.

~~~~~~~~~~

Minutes go by as I try to steady my breathing. I faintly hear Quin Shun leave to wherever he might go. He said to do this until I am able to hear everything yet nothing at all, sounds like this is going to take a long time.

I continue to breathe in and out evenly to calm my mind, extending it out in a circle to investigate every part of the forest at once. A sensation like a building heat suddenly interrupts my thoughts and makes me lose focus. I open my eyes reluctantly as I look around for what could have caused it.

My mind flashes back to earlier in the day where I helped Silver relieve some stress. Could the thought of touching a wolf's cock be arousing to me? Well, I have thought of having intimacy many times with dragons, male or female. I guess pleasuring a wolf is no different than that.

Quin Shun is gone, and, now that I think of it, I am kind of pent up from not being able to do anything in the three months I was in the hospital. Maybe now that I have a whole forest for myself I can materialize that dragon I have always wanted to be with.

Thinking Quin Shun will not be back until morning, I could have my fun and then resume my training as if nothing happened. Best thing to do is to start right now so I don't waste any time. With my mind set, I reach down to grasp the materializing charm that Quin Shun gave me, and that I first materialized Silver with.

If I added more of my energy to it, I should be able to materialized a dragon, although I may want to check with Silver with some things first. I still have no idea how much energy I can use until I am exhausted or tired, like at the bank robbery. I sure won't be trying that trick again anytime soon until I am confident in my abilities.

With a big sigh to let the tension out, I briefly close my eyes and join my energy with the charms to materialized Silver again.

"Virtutemanimusaffero, Live Wolf." I speak, saying it just like last time, even going to picture what Silver looked liked back in the cabin.

With my right hand still grasping the charm and being seated on a tree stump, I look down at the ground to where I want Silver to appear. It still takes a few minutes for him to materialize, but my effort is soon rewarded when the silver sparkling mist dissipates from the spell.

Silver is sitting on his muscular hind legs, the same color I remember him as from last time. His muzzle is covered in a thin, firm layer of soft fur. His color is mostly comet silver, turning to chestnut gray and further back near its hind legs. Silvers sheath is still a deep dark volcanic gray. His front legs change from silver to a pure snowy white, the same as his hind legs except from chestnut gray to white. Silver's silver dappled irises with flecks of blue in them stare right at me as I breathe a sigh a relief. Glad to know that he is the same as before.

"You called me master?" Silver says while tilting his head and panting through his snowy white muzzle. His silver/gray ears flicking back and forth rapidly, catching every sound made in the forest.

"You're still Silver, the same wolf I materialized in the cabin, right? You remember me?" I ask hesitantly, unsure if it would be that terrifying experience all over again where he scared me half to death.

"Yes, I am," Silver says with a few grunts and whines. "I am surprised I remember who you are, but what I said must be true if I am where I am right now. Is there anything you desire master? A favor in return for what you helped me with earlier today, maybe?"

"Uh, no, not right now. Actually, I called...materialized you to ask you a few questions, if that is ok?" I respond.

"Sure, I am yours to do whatever you want with, as is whatever or whoever else you materialize." Silver replies in a series of high and low grunts and growls.

"Ok," I say uneasily. Now that that's done with, back to my question. Now, what was it, oh yeah! "Will I have enough energy, or power to fully materialize a dragon? Combined with the charms energy of course." I ask nervously.

"You should be able to materialize a dragon of reasonable size, if you moderate your energy usage with the charms, yes, you definitely should be able to." Silver replies in a string of barks and growls.

"How big will I be able to make the dragon?" I respond.

"aahhh, I would say about a few inches or a foot or two bigger than a Great Dane." Silver replies methodically.

"Oh, well...that's pretty big, I mean, that's a good size for me to start with." I say to myself as I stretch out my legs so my feet touch the ground.

"Yes, will that be all master?" Silver responds.

"Oh, yes, thank you Silver. Dispareo." Silver nods his head in gratitude as he melts into the shadows and back from wherever he came from.

I take a deep breath as I stand up and stretch, getting ready to materialize an actual dragoness. My gray training robes flutter in the light breeze of the forest air as I crack various bones to further release the growing tension within me.

"I shouldn't be nervous," I say to myself out loud. "I have dreamt of this for such a long time. All those other stories about dragons with humans or dragons with beautiful mates have gotten my attention for a long time. Now it is my turn to make that a reality."

Sitting back down on the tree stump, I merge my mind once more with the charm and speak those long awaited words.

"Virtutem animus affero, live, female, Dragoness." I start to feel the effects of the spell almost immediately as the charm struggles to produce enough power to materialize the dragoness I am firmly picturing within my head.

I pour more of my energy into the charm to maintain its strength. The same hazy shape starts to procure as I continue to think solely on the dragoness I want and how I want her to look like.

Minutes go by that seem like hours. Detail after painstaking detail is etched into the slowly materializing frame of the soon to be beautiful dragoness. A more physical form starts to appear as ten minutes go by unheeded. The required usage of power is beginning to get to me as my breath comes in big heaving breaths. With an iron will and steel determination, I continue to focus my energy to the charm so it can finish its job.

After fifteen minutes of agonizing waiting, the air starts to resonate with a high pitched hum, not at all different than the sound I heard within my mind when the bank robbery took place. Silver, red, orange and pink mist starts to form all around the shape of awaited dragoness. It starts to swirl around her like a typhoon, going faster and faster. My eyes strain to follow their movement as the fatigue of the materializing charm starts to get to me.

I quickly rise to walk to my awaiting dragoness, but fall over before I even get to take a step. My eyes close as my body rushes up to hit the ground. Within a split second, the silver, red, orange and pink mist dissipates outwards from the form in a flurry of activity and a blurry shape bounds over to catch me before I hit the ground.

~~~~~~~~~~

My brain wakes up to a soft voice calling my name. It sounds caring, velvety like a new silk dress. The voice also sounds urgent, almost frightful as I groan upon obtaining consciousness.

I can feel my body lying on solid ground, that's for sure. I can also feel something to my right of where I lay. That certainly seems to be where the distressed voice is coming from.

"Master...master? Please master, wake up!" cries the feminine voice.

It worked. Without a doubt, that is the dragoness that is waiting for me to wake up, but, why was I unconscious? Maybe Silver was wrong and I couldn't materialize a dragon? But what is that desperate cry that is trying to get me to wake up.

"I know you're there master. I will wait here until you wake up." Says the draconic voice in a soothing tone. Seems I can even understand draconic languages as well as animals. Yeah me.

No, it must have worked. I saw something come to catch me. Whatever...whoever is besides me must be who I materialized. Well, it won't do to keep her waiting any longer. Even now, I can feel my member starting to shift within its confinements, wanting to be free, to feel the soft embrace of the, my dragonesses silky wet confines.

With that thought I start to scrunch up my face, groaning as I force my eyes open and into the waiting face, or muzzle of a beautiful dragoness. The voice halts, gasping as she notices my movements to wake up and starts to nudge me, encouraging me further.

"Yes, I am here, I am waiting." She says soothingly. Like how a mother calms her crying infant with love.

My eyes slowly drift open, closing and opening a few times to adjust to my dark surroundings. When my eyes open all the way, what greets me is beyond what I could have ever imagined. A narrow orange/red muzzle fills my view as I regain my vision. Wonderful eyes the color of emerald and diamond blink back slowly at me as I orientate myself as to what is happening.

"Wh-who are you?" I ask uncertainly, still trying to figure out if what I am seeing is indeed what I intended to create.

"I am yours master, to do with how you want or please." She answers in a serene voice that cascades over rocks like falling water.

I try to get up to both relieve my aching member and see all of my creation. The dragoness seems to get my message on what I want and stands up to steady me as I slump back on the tree stump. I close my eyes to slow my breathing and ready myself for what I will see.

"Are you ok master?" The dragoness asks caringly.

I open my eyes to find those emerald diamond eyes still looking at me. "Y-yes, I am ok, why wouldn't I be?" I reply as I start to gaze upon the rest of her form. She either fails to notice my roaming gaze or wants me to feel secure with her company. She sits patiently on all fours with her chest and stomach on the soft grass as I examine her shape and form.

Her colors match those of what the swirling mist had been when she was still being materialized. Her main scales on her back are a deep red, almost crimson except for a few speckles of orange that swirl in elegant patterns. Her wing joints change from red to orange as they progress further up the appendage, becoming a lighter shade of pink towards the wing tip. The leathery membrane is an iridescent orange which changes to a dazzling pink as it edges towards the edge. The scales grow more refined as they travel up her neck and to her head. Her red and orange coloring continues until it engulfs her head. The underside of her neck is not as heavily armored as her back or chest as it takes on a healthy pink color as well.

"You took quite the fall when you tried to materialize me. I just wanted to know if you were ok." She replies, her jaws moving to form the words perfectly as if she spoke English since birth. No magic, no mysterious understanding, no translations, just good old English.

I stop my inspection of her body as she answers my question. I did not think it would be possible for her to speak naturally without the need of any translation. I was thinking it would be like Eragon and Saphira, Telepathically, not mouth to...muzzle.

"You can speak normally?!" I exclaim in surprise. Taking this calmly, the dragoness tries to alleviate any fear or nervousness about her I might have.

"Yes I can. It is what you desired when you thought of me in your head, is it not?" She responds casually.

"I...Yes, I did imagine that for you. Would you..."

"Be allowed to finish your inspection. Yes, of course. Anything for you master." She replies prideful of herself. She even shifts to the right a little more so I can get a better look at her back side.

I straighten myself up against the tree stump to get into a comfortable position before continuing; my right leg folded in against the thigh of my left leg which remains straight. I resume my inspection of the beautiful dragoness that sits right before me.

I assume the underside of her stomach is just as heavily armored as her chest as well as a lighter pink color. Her front legs change from fiery red to moonlight silver, almost the same color as Silver's, but with a hint of gray and orange mixed in. Her back legs are a more vibrant red shaded with swirls of orange and specks of silver as they travel down her haunches to her feet. The scales on her side are neither heavily nor lightly armored, but a mix of in between. Their color shifting to a startlingly bright silver shaded with some sparkling blue. Last but not least, her tail is wrapped in a combination of red, orange, pink, and silver. The tip of her tail ends in a vibrant blue as she moves it without thought back and forth across the ever darkening forest floor.

"Are we going to start any time soon?" The dragoness queries as I look up at the rapidly fading light. 

"Wha-what do you mean?!" I reply, startled.

"You know what I mean. It is the same reason why you materialized me in the first place silly, as well as that wolf you had fun with in your cabin." The dragoness responds sarcastically. She flicks her tail as well as raises her line of frills on the top of her head and neck while she answers my questions.

I must have not looked hard enough because I missed a whole world of color. Her frills are like regular spikes, but longer and connected with fragile leather like her wings that swirl together with an array of silver, red, and blue colors. Her horns, which are a plain but sparkling white; the same as the claws on her feet, rise up before curving gradually upwards to the sky. Looking back, I see that her frill continues down her back and ends a few inches before the beginning of her tail. She flicks and readjusts her wings, muscles twitching in response as she waits for my reply.

She seems to be well toned in agility and dexterity. Small pockets of muscle ripple and contract around her wing joint, neck, biceps and thighs as she shifts about, looking for something to do. Her eyes remain locked on me as she tries to discern what I am going to do next. Her flanks heave in and out with every breath she takes, expanding until every detail on her scales can be made out before sagging inwards to exhale.

"What are you waiting for?" She asks shyly. She tilts her head and partly lowers her frill, wondering when I am going to move.

"I...uh, have never been close to a dragon before, let alone a dragoness as stunning as you. But I...would like to...*gulp* would you let me touch you before we...begin?" I ask, desperate to find out what she feels like.

The feel of her scales, the contraction of her breath and muscle, the warmth of her hide. My dream is coming true. If only I can get past this wall of nervousness I am feeling. I will be able to do anything after this.

"Of course master. I do not mind." The dragoness replies as she rises from the ground to pad the few steps up to my side. I curl my legs into a lotus position as she lays down right in front of me, even going to resting partly on her right side so I can feel all around her.

I sit nervously as she swings her head back over to watch my reaction. She is definitely bigger than Silver was, probably a good few feet bigger than a Great Dane even. Sitting down she looks to be about two and a half to three feet height and... probably two or three times as long. As she approached me, she seemed even bigger, around four or five feet and the same length as before. Now that she is closer, I can feel the gently heat radiating off her scales which flows towards me, warming me up slightly in the cooling night.

"Uh, thank you..." I hesitate as I do not know what to call her.

She gives a small draconic chuckle which sounds like pebbles in a tin can before responding. "You may call me Cyalina, or you can call me Calin. Either one is fine."

"Oh, thank you, Calin." I reply graciously.

"I know you named that wolf Silver, but I thought this name would suit me better." Calin responds.

"That's fine." I reply.

"Are you going to touch me or what?" Calin says, slightly impatient while raising her frills before lowering them again.

I can feel she is eager to get started, to feel my hands on her body, to feel my skin against her soft, smooth scales. I know she yearns to feel my hands close to her slit, rubbing slowly, teasing her. I can feel she wants me to take it as slow as I need it to, but is also itching to get down to business.

I chuckle at her unseen attitude and inch forward to get a better angle to begin my administrations. Calin lowers her head near her front legs and rustles her wings higher up on her back while her tail swings energetically behind her.

I slowly bring both my arms forward and lay them gently on her scaled flanks. The texture of her scales here is like smooth rocks in a garden. I can faintly feel the chords of pulsing muscle beneath her hard exterior. They flow and ripple with each move she makes, with each breath she takes. She rumbles deep within her throat, what I take to be a draconic purr. Smiling, I start to move my hands up and down, grating my skin against her soft, warm scales as she continues to purr contently.

I start to move my hands further up, next to her wing joint and forearm. Calin diligently watches me as I slowly explore the texture and feel of her body. Her wings flicker occasionally, sometimes spanning outwards in a short stretch before folding in. Her anxiousness can be seen in the way she fidgets around with her tail, leaving a well worn path in the dirt and leaves.

As I reach her wing joint, she tenses up a little and I stop before touching the valuable muscle that enables her the ability of flight. I look up to see her pleading face before she speaks.

"Just be careful." Is all she tells me before relaxing again, having complete trust within her master, within me.

I nod in understanding, not wanting to even consider damaging such a beautiful specimen's way to feel the air caress her scales in flight. I gently move my left hand onto her lean and muscled packed shoulder, just below her wing joint, while my other hand comes to lie upon the bone and grainy textured scales above it. I methodically caress the area above her wing joint, moving my fingers carefully, letting them float as light as a feather as I rest my other hand on her shoulder.
