 Chapter Two:Buccaneers Revenge

“Hurry up and get that tractor beam online Jim!” yelled Holly Sharp, Captain of the spaceship The Buccaneers Revenge. Like The Scarlet Rapier the ship was a smallish, high-speed five man craft who’s crew earned their money off the work of others, stealing cargos from merchant vessels.

Holly was a beautiful young woman with long straight blonde hair and a gorgeous voluptuous figure. She was dressed in a form fitting white bodysuit that clung to every curve of her body. The white suit had a zip running up the front that was currently pulled about half way up, leaving the suit jutting wide open at her cleavage, her impressive E Cup breasts thrusting out of the open material, pushed up by a lacy white brassiere.

“Five more minutes Cap’n,” replied Jim sharp on the video screen that Holly was looking into. Jim Savage had been the engineer on the Buccaneers Revenge when it was newly commissioned almost twelve years ago. He was a gruff, slightly overweight man in his late thirties with a bushy black mustache and a hairy chest that was visible above the open front of his overalls. Jim had seen about six captains come and go during his years working on the Buccaneers Revenge, but he had to admit that he liked Holly Sharp the best of all of them. She definitely had the best tits he’d seen on a captain anyway.

“We’re closing in Captain, eight hundred meters!” announced Harry Barnes, the navigator of the spaceship. Harry was a particularly ugly specimen, his body dwarfed by a birth deformity that left him only four and half feet tall. His appearance was also tarnished by an ugly pockmarked face that only a mother could love and he had an unpleasant, but not completely repugnant odor about him that came from years of not caring about his appearance.

“You’ve got two minutes!” Holly barked back her mechanic who was still desperately trying to get the ships tractor beam working. Holly turned to the another member of her crew, “Billy get to the airlock and gear up. We’re expecting resistance so I want you on there as soon as possible.”

“Aye Captain!” Billy Cameron replied immediately, starting to leave the bridge even before she’d finished her sentence. Billy was the youngest member of the crew of the Buccaneers Revenge, at twenty one years of age he was a typical youngster, hot headed and arrogant, his arrogance reinforced by the fact he was a crack shot with any gun, be it the ships lasers or a handheld blaster. Billy was a strikingly handsome young man who was always a hit with the ladies whenever they docked in any port. He had short blonde hair and always wore the most modern fashions. Holly even suspected that the only reason he was a space pirate was so he could tell that to the girls he picked up, fancying himself as a roguish romantic figure.

“Slow it down a bit Pete,” Holly called to the last member of the crew, her first mate and ships pilot Pete Munroe. Pete was also the oldest on board, at close to sixty years of age he was an experienced pilot and pirate and Holly often turned to him for advice, his years of experience serving her well. Although he was definitely slowing down with age he was still a brilliant pilot, in his youth he’d been the best and actually flew for the military before turning to a life of crime and piracy after getting kicked out for disobeying a command.

“We have tractor beam!” came Jim’s voice proudly from the engine room.

“Hit it!” the buxom Captain immediately ordered. 

At her command Harry turned on the tractor beam, it immediately caught the fleeing cargo ship and halted it progress, gently slowing it’s escaping momentum.

“Reeling her in now Captain,” Harry said.

“Good, Jim get up there with Billy, I’ll join you both soon,” Holly said into her intercom as she got to her feet. “Slow it down now Pete, let the tractor beam do the work.”

It took about twenty minutes for the Buccaneers Revenge’s tractor beam to pull in the merchant cargo vessel and for the airlocks to hook up. Pete remained on the bridge as the other four, including Holly got themselves armed and prepared to board.

“Remember the scans showed three human’s on board so expect a violent response to our boarding,” Holly reminded her crew. They were used to taking unmanned cargo ships but had stumbled across this one not long after entering the Clammix solar system. The opportunity was too good to resist.

“Here we go,” said Billy as he pried open the doors of the ship and they all rushed aboard.

They were immediately met by laser blasts from the onboard guards and the pirates scattered for cover. Holly and Jim diving to the left behind some control panels and Billy and Harry running the opposite way through an open doorway. 

Holly landed on the floor prone behind the control panel and Jim thudded down on top of her back, knocking the wind out of her lungs with a woosh as his body crushed on top of hers. As Holly gasped for air another volley of laser blasts rocketed above their heads slamming into the wall behind them. Jim stayed lying on top of her, secretly enjoying having his crotch pressed into her lovely round ass which jutting nicely against him through thin white material of her bodysuit.

“You two okay?” Billy shouted from the open doorway across the way, him and Harry were fortunately not as pinned down as Jim and the Captain.

“We’re okay,” Jim shouted back as he finally got off the curvaceous blonde who had started to cough to get the air back into her lungs.

“Hey, where are you going?” Billy asked in surprise as Harry disappeared through the door on the other side of the room they had taken cover in.

“I’ll look for another way around, you stay put,” Harry told him.

Billy nodded and immediately swung his arm around the corner, firing off half a dozen shots from his blaster, blindly in the direction of the guards. He wanted to make sure they were as pinned down as he and his fellow pirates were.

Holly leaned past Jim, craning her neck to peek low around the side of the control panel they were hiding behind, to see if she could spot where the guards were. As her head appeared around the edge another sudden volley of lasers shot through the air, slamming into the back of Holly and Jim’s hiding place. Holly snatched her head back immediately out of sight. Jim’s arm came across Holly’s chest protectively, pushing her back against the panel, his hand pressed into Holly’s firm right breast. Holly wasn’t sure if it was an inadvertent protective action or if he was trying to cope a feel, but under the situation she didn’t worry too much, she had more pressing matters on her mind.

Jim left his hand on Holly’s ample tit, perhaps a moment more than was proper. He gave the wonderful orb a very slight, almost imperceptible squeeze and then removed his hand from his Captains chest and drew his gun.

Jim fired a few random shots wildly over the top of the control panel, “We’re in trouble here Cap’n.”

“I know, I know,” replied Holly, wracked her mind for an escape route. “I’m gonna make a run for it,” the busty blonde said after a further moments thought. “You and Billy cover me.”

“Fire Billy!” Jim called across the gap to their shipmate. At his cry both Billy and Jim opened up with their lasers, repeated shooting in the direction of the guards.

Holly leapt to her feet, ready to sprint for closer cover, but she was immediately met by heavy fire from the entrenched guards. She dropped back down behind the control panel without making any ground.

“Shit!” she swore as Billy and Jim ducked back behind their cover.

There was the sound of further laser blasts and suddenly Harry’s voice shouted out to them. “It’s okay to come out, I’ve got them!” he called out proudly.

Cautiously rising Holly peeked over the top of the now destroyed control panel to see Harry standing above the dead bodies of three guards.

“Nice work shorty!” Billy said congratulating his friend as she came through the doorway where he’d been hiding.

“I found the back way in and took them by surprise,” Harry told his three companions with a gap-toothed grin.

“Thank God,” Holly breathed a sigh of relief. “Okay, Harry head back to the ship and put your feet up, you’ve done brilliantly. Billy and Jim get this cargo loaded double time.”

***

Once the stolen cargo was loaded and the Buccaneers Revenge disengaged from the freight ship and on it’s way again, Captain Holly Sharp called her crew together in her quarters to discuss what their next plans were.

Holly was still wearing the same white bodysuit she’d had on earlier, gaping open with the lace of her bra visible pushing up her impressive mountainous tits. Her flat stomach flipped as the crew filed into her chambers for the meeting, she always got so nervous making speeches and giving orders, although it was not as bad as when she’d first become Captain of the Buccaneers Revenge.

Holly had inherited the ship from her father, an infamous space pirate feared by merchants throughout the galaxy. Jim Savage was the only original member of her father’s crew still aboard the ship, although Pete had known her father well and had been more than willing to join his late best friends daughter on her bid to follow in her fathers footsteps. At first Holly had commanded no respect from the crew and had come across considerable difficulty in even giving the simplest orders. It wasn’t until she came up with the idea of a very special reward system that she’d been able to effectively captain the Buccaneers Revenge. In fact due to his quick thinking during the earlier battle Harry Barnes was about to be on the receiving end of one of Captain Sharp’s special rewards.

“Okay then, before we get down to the business end of things I’d like to recognize Harry Barnes for his quick thinking and bravery in today’s attack,” Holly said, her calm voice disguising her nervousness.

“Do I get one of the special rewards?” Harry asked, his voice excited and hopeful. The other three men knew exactly what Harry was referring to and looked jealously his way.

“You do indeed,” replied Holly, reaching up to the zipper of her white suit and pulling it down to her navel, revealing her smooth flat stomach. “A C class reward.”

Harry stepped up in front of Holly as she yanked open the front of her suit, her massive breasts pushing out in the lacy bra. “Take them out,” Holly instructed him, “and enjoy.”

Harry gave a moan as he stood up on the chair next to Holly so he could reach her more easily. His hands stretched out and grabbed hold of Holly’s big E cup hooters, immediately squeezing them roughly in his small hands. Harry groaned as he pressed the two abundant melons together, licking his dry lips as he watched the ample flesh well up in her lace bra.

The dwarf’s fingers curled into the edge of Holly’s bra cups and he tugged down on them, Holly’s big tits popping out and jiggling delightfully before his wide eyes. Harry gave another moan of pure lust and sunk his chubby fingers into Holly’s fat tits, squeezing them roughly and causing the beautiful young space captain to gasp in pain. Harry ran his hands all over Holly’s big jugs, scooping them up and pressing them together in his hands and then shaking them to watch the ample plentiful flesh quiver and shake. He seized her nipples between his thumb and forefinger and tugged hard on them, giving them a rough pinch and twist before he once again squeezed her whole tits, his fingers sinking deep into the resilient flesh.

“Are you gonna suck ‘em or not?” Jim asked from his seat off to their right. Holly glanced in the direction of the middle-aged mechanic and saw from the way he was rubbing his crotch he was obviously enjoying the show she and Harry were putting on.

Holly’s special reward system had developed into quite a detailed system where she used her body as a reward to ensure the bravery and obedience of her team. A D reward was a quick squeeze of her big jugs through whatever clothing she had on at the time and was a frequently granted reward. Harry had just earned himself a grade C reward, meaning he was allowed to suck on Holly’s wonderful tits for a few minutes. This was occasionally upgraded to a C+ if the recipient was especially rewarding which also included Holly giving the beneficiary a handjob as they sucked at her nipples.

A B class, or blowjob reward was very rare and only for great acts of valor or brilliance, with a B+ including a titfuck as well. While everyone on board had received a number of C and D rewards and at least one C+, only Pete and Jim, the longest serving crewmen had ever got a B, with Pete’s being a B+. To date Holly had never given an A reward, something she was rather thankful for. According to the special reward system she had developed an A was a chance to fuck her and the legendary A+ was a night of pure heaven where Holly would be the recipients sex slave for an entire night, any act of debauchery the winner wanted would be his.

“Go on,” Holly urged Harry. “Suck on my tits, you’ve earned the privilege.”

The ugly little crewman gave a groan of lust and leant forward, burying his face between his Captain’s huge knockers as his fellow crewmen all looked on enviously. Harry’s hands reached up inside the open front of Holly’s body suit to squeeze her big tits and push them together against his face as he swiped his tongue up the length of her deep cleavage.

Holly rested one hand on the back of Harry’s head as he turned and started suckling on one of her hard nipples, his rough lips and tongue actually feeling very good on her breast. She held the dwarf’s face against her bosom as she spoke over his head to the rest of the crew.

“We did well out of today’s raid as I’m sure Billy and Jim can testify from the amount of cargo they loaded across onto the Buccaneer,” Holly told her crew as Harry moved across to her other nipple, biting it gently between his teeth and tugging on it slightly. Holly gave a slight wince of discomfort before she continued speaking. “In fact the cargo hold is full so we’re going to head to Clammix 18 and sell up. I’ve also got a few contacts at the space station that I want to touch base with and see what else is in the wind.”

“A bit of R&R sounds great Captain,” said Pete, the first mate, as he watched Harry’s tongue swipe in large circles across the expanse of Holly’s creamy breasts.

“Okay, that’s enough,” Holly said quietly to Harry, the dwarf’s face still buried in her chest. Harry didn’t immediately release her, his hands still continuing to knead her big tits while he chewed on one stiff nipple, gentle moaning noises coming from the back of this throat. “Harry!” Holly snapped a little louder, tapping him on the top of the head.

The dwarf rose up from her cleavage reluctantly, gave her big bare tits one more squeeze and then let go and clambered down off the chair. Holly ran her hands over the ample expanse of her firm hooters, doing her best to wipe off the ugly navigator’s slobber that coated her chest. She then zipped up the front of her body suit, tucking her big jugs away much to the disappointed of the men around her.

“How long do we expect to be at Clammix 18 then?” Billy asked as he watched her tits disappear.

Feeling a little self confident, despite her recent act of exhibitionism, Holly zipped the suit all the way up this time as opposed to her usual mid-cleavage height. “With any luck only a couple days, so I don’t want you boys to cut loose and go completely wild on me,” Holly replied with a warm smile.

“You can trust us,” Billy assured her with a roguish grin.