 Chapter Three: Clammix 18

Captain Lex McGinnity and his communications officer Elizabeth Holmes entered the affluent looking offices of Bernard Duncan, the governor of the Clammix 18 space station. They’d both dressed up for the occasion, trying to look as respectable and ‘non-pirate’ as possible. Lex was dressed all in white, with a white collarless top that had a black trim around the neck and wrists.

Elizabeth wore a small white dress to match the Captains and a pair of high-heeled white shoes. The dress was quite short, coming only to Elizabeth’s mid thigh, showing off plenty of her long bare legs. It clung to the curves of her body leaving little of her womanly figure to the imagination as was rather low cut around the neckline, presenting a considerable cleavage, enhanced by the white satin push up bra Elizabeth had chosen to go underneath the dress. Elizabeth’s sexy yet professional look was completed with her long, waist length brown hair tied in a simple bun on the back of her head.

“You look perfect,” Lex whispered to her, giving her ass a brief punch as they entered the Governors office.

“So what brings your ship to dock at Clammix 18?” asked the Governor after his two guests had been seated. Lex noted the way the Governor’s eyes strayed often to Elizabeth’s long tanned legs as she crossed them and displayed plenty of luxurious thigh below her short hemmed dress.

“We’ve just docked to re-supply our ship,” Lex replied, lying smoothly. “We need food and water and our ships energy crystals need recharging. We shouldn’t be here more than a couple of days at the most.”

“I see,” said the Governor scratching his chin thoughtfully, his eyes roving up Elizabeth’s body to enjoy the way her ample chest rose and fell with each breath she took. “You realize that a landing license is required to land on Clammix 18. We are within our rights to imprison your entire crew and confiscate your vessel.”

“We’ve done nothing wrong,” Lex assured the official. “We were not aware of the licensing requirements here on Clammix 18. The last time we re-supplied here we had no trouble.”

The Governor nodded, “yes, the restrictions have only been in place for around eight months.”

“Why the sudden change in policy?” Lex asked. “If you don’t mind me asking that is Governor Duncan.”

“We’ve been having recent trouble with Space Pirates I’m afraid to say,” the Governor told him, his face very grave and for the first time his eyes left Elizabeth’s body to meet Lex’s.

Lex did his best to look shocked, “Space Pirates? That’s terrible!”

Elizabeth uncrossed her legs and re-crossed them, the action causing her dress to ride up further on her long legs, immediately drawing the Governor’s gaze.

“Well I see no reason to imprison you,” the Governor said at last, “but you are not allowed to remain on Clammix 18. You will have to leave immediately.”

“Our supplies?” Lex asked.

“We will recharge your energy crystals for you, but you must seek traders elsewhere,” the Governor told him.

Lex inwardly cursed, their contact was waiting for them here. “Surely just an overnight pass will not cause any difficulties?”

“I’m sorry,” apologized Bernard, raising his hands as if it were out of his control.

“Surely we can come to some arrangement?” Lex suggested, winking at the Governor in a last ditch attempt to get a pass.

“Are you trying to bribe me?” demanded the Governor.

Lex hesitated a moment, deciding on the Governor’s character. “Perhaps,” the pirate captain replied, he doubted Bernard was that righteous and above corruption.

“I do not want or need your money,” scoffed the Governor.

Elizabeth stood up at this point and pushed the straps of her dress off her shoulders. “I know of something you do want and need however,” the beautiful brunette told him. She pushed the dress down to her waist, revealing her white satin push up bra and impressively upthrust C cups. She the wiggled the dress down over the flare of her hips and let it fall to a pool around her shapely ankles. Leaving her dressed in only the bra and a pair of skimpy white g-string panties.

“You’re exquisite!” gasped the Governor, licking his lips as he stared at Elizabeth’s near nakedness. “What are you proposing?”

“Half an hour with Elizabeth in exchange for a two day pass,” Lex said, at this point he could almost kiss the lovely brunette for her quick thinking.

“Okay, okay!” agreed Bernard quickly, standing up from his chair behind his desk and starting to move around the table towards the lingerie clad goddess.

“But I stay!” insisted Lex, a little worried that the Governor might get rough with Elizabeth.

“Whatever,” Bernard readily agreed, he had reached the sexy brunette space pirate by now and pulled her against him, kissing her hungrily as his hands reached down to her ass, squeezing the firm cheeks that were left bare by her g-string. 

Elizabeth suppressed her distaste as the short bureaucrat pawed at her ass and stuck his tongue into her mouth. His crotch was obviously hard as he ground it against her firm thigh and panty clad mound. Bernard broke off his sloppy kiss after a moment and held the lovely brunette at arms length. He reach up with both hands and hurriedly unfastened the catch of her bra, which was at her front, between her heavy breasts. When he pulled it apart and Elizabeth shrugged it off he was rewarded with the incredible sight of her big tits, completely uncovered, topped by dark nipples that looked as hard as bullets.

“Wow!” he groaned, reaching up and squeezing her big tits in his chubby hands, roughly sinking his fingers deep into the abundant melons of flesh. Bernard then dropped to his knees in front of Elizabeth and yanked down her g-string, her shaven pussy unveiled. “Oh my God!” he moaned, his rock hard as a rock inside his pants as he stared at her beautiful pussy. Unable to help himself he leant forward and swiped his tongue up the length of Elizabeth’s slit, sending a shiver running through the beautiful woman.

“Perhaps you should get undressed as well?” Elizabeth suggested, she was eager to get this over with as quickly as possible.

Bernard nodded eagerly and stood up, instantly scrabbling to get off his clothes as fast as possible. Elizabeth dropped to her knees as he pulled off the last of his clothing and pushed him back against the edge of his desk. She ran a small soft hand up the inside of his thigh and reached up to grab his already rock hard cock in her soft hand. Elizabeth gave the hard shaft a few strokes and then pulled it forward to her mouth, sucking it inside and immediately beginning a sloppy blowjob.

“Oh fuck!” groaned Bernard happily, his hands dropping to the top of Elizabeth’s head and his hips hunching, his cock thrusting forward hard and fast into her soft mouth. The short bureaucrat fucked Elizabeth’s pretty mouth eagerly, almost causing the pretty young brunette to gag on his rapidly humping penis. Fortunately he wasn’t particularly big so Elizabeth was able to take him right to the hilt with only mild discomfort.

After a few minutes of this Bernard felt himself close to losing it. He didn’t want to waste his opportunity with such a beautiful girl by cumming in her mouth so he pulled out, breathing heavily, his glistening cock trembling with excitement.

“Where do you want to do it?” Elizabeth asked, looking around the room.

“I wanna fuck your ass!” Bernard said immediately, his voice filled with anticipation.

When Elizabeth had asked him where she hadn’t exactly meant which hole. The brunette saw her Captain start to object at the Governors depravity, but she waved at him to remain silent. Bernard wouldn’t last long in her fantastic ass anyway. No one ever did.

Elizabeth bent forward over the Governor’s desk, bracing herself with both hands as he moved around behind her. Bernard rested one hand on her smooth buttocks as he held his cock in the other and lined the tip up with the small puckered hole of the busty pirates asshole. His cock was already dripped with lubrication from Elizabeth’s sloppy blowjob so he started to push forward with his hips, her ass opening around his cock and he shoved it into her.

“Ah!” gasped Elizabeth, sucking in a sharp breath of air as Bernard’s cock penetrated her ass. She closed her eyes against the pain and discomfort as the Governor worked his cock deeper into her rear passage, both his hands grabbing her shapely hips for leverage.

“Oh fuck you’re tight!” groaned Bernard, starting to fuck his hips against her in short sharp jabs. Her ass clutched wonderfully at his hard cock and he was already starting to feel the beginnings of his orgasm. He looked down and admired the brunette’s perfectly shaped ass, impaled by his stubby cock and couldn’t help but give the side of one creamy asscheek a slap.

For some reason Elizabeth’s elegant, sophisticated beauty made it even more erotic for Bernard to sodomize her, his hard cock sliding in and out of her tight asshole. He ran his hand across Elizabeth’s smooth, flawless back and started to shove ever harder and faster against her, his balls slapping into her pussy with each thrust of his hips.

“Oh shit!” grunted Bernard as he felt his cock start to spew cum into her, despite his desire to make the moment last he was cumming already. The Governor gave a moan and rammed his hips forward, burying his cock all the way to the hilt in Elizabeth’s ass. The lovely brunette cried out at his rough thrust, feeling her bowels filling with his seed as he grunted and twitched inside her, load after load of cum shooting out of him.

Once Bernard was spent he pulled out of Elizabeth and wiped his sticky cock on one smooth ass cheek before picking up a pass off his desk and throwing it at Lex.

“Two days,” he told them. “If you decide you want an extension on that feel free to come and see me about it. I’m sure we can work something out.”

***

Lex made his way quickly through the streets on the seedier side of Clammix 18, on his way to meet with his contact about the mercenary job. 

After he and Elizabeth had secured the landing pass they’d headed back to the Scarlet Rapier to give everyone the good news and let the crew go for a little R&R before they headed off on this new mission. It was Elizabeth’s turn to stay on board and guard the ship so she’d been stuck behind while the rest went off to let off some steam. Red went to visit her brother at his computer shop and Lex was on his way to meet his contact, so that left Kelly and Carmen to explore alone together. Lex had them make sure they would be back first thing tomorrow morning before he let them go.

The Pirate Captain reached a rough looking bar called the Rutting Buck, this was the place where he was supposed to meet the man who’d contacted him about the job. The man went by the name Dominor, and that was all Lex knew about him, he’d never seen or talked to the man. Hopefully this was the right place and it wasn’t a trap.

Summoning his nerve, Lex stepping inside the Rutting Buck.

The bar was dimly light and it looked like plenty of alcohol was flowing over the counter. Everyone inside looked rather rough and the majority of them were very drunk. As he walked into the main room towards the bar a couple of huge looking men gave him threatening looks and scowls, but the Pirate Captain made his way past them without hesitation. Lex had been in enough bar brawls to know how to take care of himself if things got nasty.

He shouldered his way to the bar and ordered a beer from the barman. Beside him a man was groaning and Lex turned to look at him. To his surprise the man had a whore kneeling in front of him against the bar, sucking on his cock. The man was moaning and groaning, thrusting his cock into the flat chested whore’s mouth, each thrust banging the back of her head into the bar.

Turning away from the man Lex got the attention of the barman. “I’m looking for a man called Dominor.”

The barman hesitated a moment, eyeing Lex up carefully. Lex wasn’t sure what the barman was looking for but he obviously passed the test. “Back corner,” the barman said, nodding off to Lex’s left.

Lex nodded his thanks and took a quick glance at the man beside him who was still busy feeding his cock into the flat chested whore’s mouth, and then picked up his beer and headed for the back corner. He made his way to the booth at the very back left hand corner of the bar, it was occupied by a spiky haired, surprisingly clean cut man who was busy kissing the neck of a green skinned alien hooker as he had his hand inside the alien’s vest to squeeze her large looking green tits.

“Dominor I assume?” Lex asked as he sat down at the booth, putting his beer on the table in front of him.

The man looked up from the whore’s neck in mild annoyance, his hand still busy inside her top groping her big tits.

“Who wants to know?” the man demanded elusively. 

Lex studied the alien prostitute a moment. She was really quite beautiful once you got past her olive green skin and her bald head that was covered in small spikes of what looked like bone. She had a great body with fantastic curves and a great rack that the man Lex guessed to be Dominor was busy kneading.

“McGinnity’s the name,” Lex replied, not too keen to give too much away in case this was the wrong man.

Dominor smiled at this, “Glad you made it Captain.”

Lex breathed a silent sigh of relief and took a long swallow of his beer.

“How’s business?” Dominor asked the pirate as he turned his attention back to the green skinned hooker, pulling her onto his lap.

“A bit slow at the moment,” Lex replied as Dominor grabbed the alien’s tits in both hands and squeezed them roughly. Lex heard the sound of Dominor’s zipper opening as the whore reached down between the man’s legs. “I was hoping you’d be able to help me with that,” Lex added as the whore’s hands moved up and down between their two bodies, obviously stroking Dominor’s cock.

She then rose up slightly and lowered herself onto Dominor, his hard cock sliding up into her alien pussy. “Oh yeah, that’s it baby!” groaned the man as she slowly started to ride him. Dominor turned to Lex as the whore started to bounce on his cock, “I’m hoping we can come to a mutually beneficial arrangement.” 

Dominor briefly turned his attention back to the whore riding his cock. “These Tyr Shir whore’s always have great racks,” he said with a groan, hefting her big tits on his palms. “Have a feel of these puppies,” he offered to Lex.

“So what’s the job?” Lex asked as he helped himself to the whore’s tits, reaching out to grope the ample mounds and give them a firm squeeze. They felt fantastic, identical to human breasts, although perhaps a little harder and firmer. The hooker was no match for his girls, but still worth a good grope. As Lex pinched her dark nipple between his fingers the whore reached over into his lap and rubbed his crotch through his pants, all the while not slowing her ride on Dominor’s cock.

“It’s a cargo delivery mission, nothing fancy,” Dominor explained, grinning as he saw the hooker take Lex’s cock out and pump it in her soft green hand. “I’ve got a package I need delivered to the planet Ormond, shall we say, without the regular authorities finding out about it’s arrival.”

Lex moaned softly, the hooker’s hand felt so good stroking his hard cock, he was hard as a rock. Between Red’s unfinished blowjob as they docked in Clammix 18, and watching the Governor use Elizabeth’s fantastic ass he was close to having a serious case of blue balls. “How big is this package?” Lex asked, knowing better than to ask what was inside it.

“Big,” replied Dominor. “In fact there’s a special cargo ship waiting in the landing bay, already loaded with the cargo, your ship isn’t big enough.”

Lex ran his hand across to the whore’s other tit, squeezing it eagerly as he hand sped up on his cock. “What type of ship is it?”

“It’s a B class cruiser,” Dominor told him.

“That requires a full crew,” Lex replied with a frown, his four girls wouldn’t be enough to pilot a cruiser.

“You won’t be alone on this mission, I’ve arranged for another group of mercenaries to meet you on board the ship,” Dominor said, grabbing the whore’s hips and starting to thrust up against her as best he could from his chair.

Lex moaned slightly as the whore stopped her pumping briefly to reach down and slide her cool fingers over his testicles, toying with them gently. “I don’t know if I like this,” Lex murmured gingerly. “We normally work alone.”

“A hundred thousand galactic credits says you will like it,” Dominor told him. “And you’ll be in charge, the other crew is there just to back you up.”

Lex smiled slightly and removed the alien’s hand from his cock, stuffing his throbbing hardness back into his pants, “You drive a hard bargain Mr Dominor, but I think you’ve got yourself a crew.”

***

Kelly and Carmen, the bustiest members of the crew of the Scarlet Rapier, quickly made their way to the bar that Red had recommended. It was a much tidier place that the rough joint their Captain was currently visiting, but it was still on the edge of the dodgier side of Clammix 18.

The two girls had got dressed up for their night on the town. Carmen had a short white mini-skirt that showed plenty of her long legs and clung tightly to her beautifully rounded ass. She wore a very sexy and tight fitting blue sleeveless top that was stretched taunt across her impressive bosom, and a pair of white, high-heeled shoes completed the outfit.

Kelly wore a pair of black hipster pants that sat low on her hips, leaving her sexy midriff bare and showing a hint of the top of her purple g-string. She wore a pink tank top that barely came down past her massive tits and was showing plenty of cleavage above the neckline as well. Neither girl wore a bra.

“Wait there a moment please ladies,” said a voice as they walked through the entrance hallway to the bar.

The girls turned to see a huge bulky man in a tight black t-shirt and black trousers, obviously the bouncer.

“What’s the problem?” Carmen asked, the way they looked they’d never had trouble getting into even the hottest of nightspots, so a bar like this should be a breeze.

“Just need to do a security check,” the man told them apologetically, “It’s bar policy.”

“Security check?” asked Carmen, unsure what that meant.

“Check you for weapons or illegal substances,” the man told her. “Please turn and face the wall and put your feet in those circles on the floor.”

Carmen rolled her eyes at Kelly as she caught his meaning, he was going to frisk them, obviously he was just after a grope.

The two ladies took their places, their feet slightly spread as they stood in the markings and put their hands on the wall in front of them. The bouncer moved behind Kelly first, squatting down behind her and running his hands around her ankles, searching for any weapons. That was where the pretense of searching them pretty much stopped and the groping began. He ran his hands up the back of Kelly’s legs to her ass, tightly clad in her black trousers. The bouncer’s hands covered Kelly’s shapely buttocks and gave them a firm squeeze, kneading the well-formed cheeks before sliding his hand up between Kelly’s thighs and rubbing his palm across her mound.

He then rose to his feet and reached around under Kelly’s outstretched arms, his hands immediately going for Kelly’s impressive E cup tits, cupping them through her tank top and giving them a firm squeeze. The bouncer gave a slightly moan as he mauled Kelly’s big tits through her top, running his hands all over their surface and checking them very thoroughly for any hidden objects. Kelly felt him press his hard crotch into her rounded ass as he kneaded her massive rack. 

Seeming to realize he was pushing his luck, the bouncer gave Kelly’s big breasts one more feel before he released her and moved behind the equally sexy Carmen. He crouched down behind her and ran his hands up the raven haired beauties bare legs, taking a little more time on them than he had with Kelly even though there was no way she could be hiding anything there. As his searching hands reached Carmen’s super short mini skirt he pushed them up under the hem of the skirt, his hands closing over Carmen’s panty clad ass giving it a firm squeeze. Just as he had with Kelly his hand slipped up between Carmen’s thighs and rubbed across her crotch, feeling the heat of her pussy through her thin panties.
