 Chapter Four: Mermaids Pride

Captain Lex McGinnity and his beautiful crew of buxom space pirates made their way to the docking bay of the Mermaid's Pride, the large B class Cruiser that was loaded with the cargo that they were to take to Ormond.

"Can you believe the way we tricked those two big titted sluts last night?" came the laughing voice of Billy Cameron from around the opposite side of the large cargo spaceship.

Kelly and Carmen, both looking rather hung over from the night before exchanged dark looks as the crew of the Scarlet Rapier made their way around to the front entrance of the ship to meet with their new fellow shipmates, the crew of the Buccaneers Revenge.

At the sight of Lex and his crew, Billy was immediately silent.

"Captain McGinnity I presume?" said Holly Sharp as the newcomers arrived. Holly was dressed in the same black trousers and blouse she'd had on earlier.

Billy and Jim immediately paled as they recognized Carmen and Kelly, who were sending dangerous glares their way.

"That's right," said Lex, stepping forward to shake hands with the beautiful blonde.

"My name's Holly Sharp, Captain of the Buccaneers Revenge and your new shipmate I understand."

"Excellent," replied Lex. "Let's all head in and get to know our new ship." He addressed the two crews who were both looking dubiously at each other. "We're working together as a team from now on so I expect full co-operation. For the duration of this mission we are one team, understood."

"Yes Captain," came a few unenthusiastic replies.

"We'll get you back for the other night," Carmen whispered to Jim and Billy as they boarded the new spaceship. 

The ten space pirates entered the Mermaids Pride. It was a very modern, top the line cargo cruiser with all the features they could ever want.

"She's a beauty," murmured Pete Munro as the ten of them made their way through the new ship to the bridge.

"Aye!" breathed Red softly in agreement.

As they all entered the bridge they were surprised to see ten special gold uniforms laid out on tables for them all to wear. The uniforms were personalized with the names and ranks of each member of the new Mermaids Pride crew. There was Captain Lex McGinnity, Holly Sharp had been demoted to First Mate in the new crew with Pete Munro as second mate. Red was annoyed to see that her real first name had been used, Alison Taylor as Pilot.

Kelly Clayton was disappointed to see that she was only Assistant Mechanic, while that prick from the night before Jim Savage was Chief Mechanic. Billy Cameron was the gunner, Carmen Taylor the Medic, Elizabeth Holmes the Communications Officer and Harry Barnes the Navigator.

The men's uniforms were all the same, with golden pants and long sleeves golden tops. The women's uniforms came in three varieties, all were very tight fitting and revealing, much to the delight of the men on board. Holly and Red's outfits consisted of very tight fitting gold trousers that had lace up sides leaving their leg sleek legs partially bare, and skimpy golden halter tops that acted as push up bra's for their already impressive chests. Elizabeth's outfit was made up of a short loose fitting golden skirt that flared up and showed her panties if she moved around to quickly, and a golden vest that was barely more than two strips of material that came vertically across her chest over her breasts, leaving plenty of cleavage as well as the sides of her breasts bare. Kelly and Carmen both had tight fitting clinging mini-skirts that were slit up one side so plenty of creamy thigh was visible, with long sleeved, tight fitting tops that had a deep V shaped neckline, leaving most of their large breasts uncovered.

"Well everyone," said Lex as he took a seat in the Captain's chair of the Mermaids Pride and Holly took a seat beside him, her golden halter straining against the weight of her heavy E Cup jugs. "I think we're going to make an excellent team."

***

A few hours later the Mermaids Pride had launched and was making it's way towards the outer edges of the Clammix Solar System, with pilot Red Turner at the helm. Pete Munro, nervous at having someone other than him at the helm, stood behind the red haired beauty, watching her actions carefully. After watching her for the past hour, the grizzled old pirate veteran had to admit that Red knew how to handle a spaceship. Despite this he remained hovering above her shoulder for another half hour, as much to look down the front of her halter-top as to watch her piloting.

As the ship made it's way smoothly through space Lex and Holly, Captain and First Mate of the newly formed Mermaids Pride crew, sat on the couch in Lex's new quarter's, comparing notes on the information they had been given for this mission.

"So do you have any idea what's in there?" Lex asked his new blonde first mate, eyeing up her long legs, the smooth sides of which were left mostly uncovered by the lace up sides of her golden trousers.

"No Dominor didn't tell me," Holly replied, absently stroking her flat stomach, which was left bare by the halter-top she wore, with one hand.

"Maybe we should take a look," Lex suggested. "It could be dangerous."

"No!" Holly snapped abruptly, surprising Lex. "He said it was trapped, and that only our contact on Ormond could disarm it."

"Shit!" swore Lex. "I'm liking this mission less and less."

"Do you think our crews will work together okay?" Holly asked, changing the topic away from the cargo.

"They'd better," said Lex. "Although perhaps we should have a crew meeting and let them get to know each other."

"Might be a good idea," Holly admitted. "That doctor of yours was giving some of my crewmen some pretty black looks, there seems to be some animosity that's for sure."

"Strange," agreed Lex with a nod. "Perhaps we need to get to know each other a bit better as well?" he suggested, reaching out and resting a hand on Holly's knee, giving her a gentle squeeze. He realized that with this other crew on board he wasn't going to have as many opportunities to get his rocks off as he usually did. And it had been far too long since his last release.

"Um, okay," said Holly, not getting his meaning immediately.

"So how long have you been in the mercenary business?" Lex asked her, starting to run his hand up and down her thigh.

"Not all that long," Holly replied, the Captain was leaning in towards her and making her a little uncomfortable. "I inherited my ship from my father."

"That's nice," murmured Lex in reply, not really listening. He stroked his hand briefly across Holly's belly then let it rise up to cup one of her large E cup tits through her halter, giving it a gentle squeeze. "You're very beautiful you know," he sighed softly, her large tit filling his hand. She was definitely amply endowed, only Kelly had larger breasts of all of Lex's busty crew.

"Thank you," Holly replied, blushing deeply as Lex's other hand rose to her other breast and he started to knead the twin mounds in his hands. Holly was a little confused and unsure of herself. She had used her body to keep her crew in line, but she had always been in control of the situation and how much she gave them. Lex was effectively her Captain at the moment, her superior, and he was in control.

Lex gave her big tits another squeeze and then moved his hands up to the straps of her halter and pushed them off her shoulders. Lex licked his lips eagerly as he pulled her halter down over her immense breasts, revealing her hard nipples and bare melons.


"Wow!" he breathed, his hands closing over her now naked tits and fondling them vigorously. 

"I don't know if we should be doing this," Holly said uncertainly as Lex leant forward and sucked one of her nipples into his mouth. His tongue felt wonderful swiping over her nipple and around the slopes of her tits, sending a shiver of pleasure through Holly's body.

"Just getting to know each other," whispered Lex as he moved across to suck on her other tit and he slid a hand up between Holly's legs, rubbing her crotch through her pants. Lex sat back in the couch, finally releasing Holly's big boobs and unfastened the front of his trousers, pulling out his hard cock.

"Oh my!" gasped Holly as his big cock was revealed. It was a throbbing read color and looked hard as a rock, the tip glistening slightly with leaked precum.

"Suck it!" ordered Lex.

Holly froze a moment in indecision, Lex had no intention of waiting and grabbed the top of her head, pulling her face down into his lap. When Lex's cock pressed against Holly's closed lips her tongue instinctively came out to swipe over his cock head.

Lex gave a moan as he felt her wet tongue on his shaft. "Oh yeah, that's it!"

Holly suddenly yanked her head out of Lex's hands and stood up. "We can't do this!" she said firmly and quickly fled the room, one hand doing it's best to cover her bare breasts as he hurried to her own quarters.

"Shit!" swore Lex, rubbing his painfully hard cock.

The Captain briefly considered jerking off to relieve the uncomfortable tension but then changed his mind. If Holly wasn't going to put out he knew four other women who would. He stuffed his cock into his golden pants and rushed out of the room, heading to the first cabin he came across. He had no idea who was inside, for all he knew it could be that ugly little dwarf guy from Holly's crew.

"Come in!" came a female voice at Lex's knock.

With some relief Lex stepped into the room and saw Kelly sitting in front of a mirror brushing her hair. She still wore her gold mini-skirt, but had taken off her top and was wearing just a white bra that had flowers patterned on it and pushed her expansive tits together to form a tidy looking cleavage.

"Oh, hello Captain," Kelly said in surprise as she turned to see who had entered.

"Kelly!" Lex said with some relief. "I've been looking for you, glad I finally found you," he lied.

Kelly smiled, obviously pleased, "How can I help you Captain?" she asked immediately.

Lex closed the door behind him and walked over to Kelly, standing right in front of the chair she was sitting on, between her and the mirror. He unzipped his fly and tugged out his still rock hard cock. "I was hoping you could help me with this," he told her.

Kelly smile broadened and she reached up and stroked his erection in her soft hand, "I'd love to," she purred. Kelly kept stroking his hardness with one hand while she reached up and gently rubbed his balls in her other. "Oo these feel tight," she told him, her thumb swiping across the head of his cock to smear the precum around his shaft. "It's a good thing you came to see me," she told him.

With that Kelly leant in and opened her mouth, sucking his hard cock into her mouth. Lex let out a long moan as the busty blonde started to slurp at his cock, her cheeks hollowing as she really went to work on him. Kelly had given Lex dozens of blowjobs but he never got tired of her talented mouth. The pretty blonde moaned softly as she started to bob her head up and down on his dick, her lips moving against the sensitive skin driving the Captain wild.

"I'm so worked up," moaned the Captain, reaching beneath Kelly's sucking mouth to cup and squeeze one of her big tits through her bra. "I won't last that long," he warned her.

Kelly briefly took her mouth off his hard penis, "That's okay Captain, just cum in my mouth whenever you're ready."

Lex gave a moan and place both hands on the side's of Kelly's face, holding her head as he started to thrust his hips against her, fucking his cock rapidly in and out between her warm lips. He fully intended on cumming down her throat when he had a better idea and pulled his cock out of her mouth. The tip of his shaft came free with a popping noise and Kelly looked up at him in surprise.

Without even bothering to take off Kelly's bra, Lex yanked down on the cups of the brassiere and popped her big tits out of the skimpy piece of lingerie. He then guided his throbbing cock into Kelly's deep cleavage and pushed her fat tits together around his dick.

"That's it Captain, fuck my tits!" Kelly urged, as Lex squeezed the huge mounds and started to thrust his cock between them. He was well lubricated with Kelly's saliva and his own precum, and his hard cock easily slid back and forth between Kelly's ample melons.

"Oh fuck!" groaned Lex, suddenly going weak at the knees and pushing his weight against Kelly. His cock slid up between Kelly's tits and jutted into the underside of her chin as it started to spurt. Kelly felt his cum shoot out from the end of his cock and splash into the underside of her chin, giving her a pearl necklace. The busty blonde mechanic couldn't help but remember the titfucking that Billy had given her in the alleyway the night before as her Captain shot his load over her tits.

"That's so much better," gasped Lex once he had spent his whole load over Kelly's ample chest. The accommodating blonde lifted his spent cock with one hand and guided it to her lips, sucking it back into her mouth and giving it several sloppy sucks, cleaning the cum from his shaft.

"Glad I could be of service Captain," Kelly said as she let his penis fall from her mouth.

***

Carmen had her first patient much sooner than she expected. The beautiful, voluptuous doctor was sitting in her lab, taking a look over her new equipment when there was a knock at the door. She went to answer the door and was surprised to see the ships navigator Harry Barnes there.

Despite the fact that the short man was as ugly as fuck, Carmen actually found his small statue quite cute and appealing, and she had an almost uncontrollable urge to mother him.

"Harry! Come on in," Carmen said pleasantly.

"Thank you Dr Taylor," said Harry, the one advantage of his height was that his eyes were at chest level with the voluptuous medic, instead of looking Carmen in the eyes as he spoke to her, Harry gazed at her firm gravity defying Double D's.

"Please, call me Carmen," said the raven-haired beauty as she led Harry into the lab.

"Okay Carmen," said Harry, "I guess you want to know why I'm here then?"

Carmen nodded.

"Well I need your help, I'm not feeling well at all," said Harry.

"Sit up here," said Carmen, patting the padded examination table as she looked at the diminutive navigator in concern. "What are your symptoms?"

Harry clambered up onto the table, unfortunately this meant he was no longer at eye level with Carmen's bust, but on the other hand he could now look down her top. "My stomach is aching, like a cramp or something and I feel dizzy, my legs feel weak like I'm going to collapse."

"That doesn't sound good," Carmen said with a frown. "Could you take your shirt off for me please Harry."

Harry peeled off the golden top and Carmen immediately bent forward and probed at his sore stomach gently with her hands. As she leant over him Harry got an even better look down the V-necked top that she was wearing. He could see a good portion of her big round tits and there was no sign of a bra. When Carmen started to poke at his lower abdomen and bent forward more Harry caught sight of a hint of the dark areola's that topped her big tits.

"Does that hurt?" Carmen asked, gently probing at the navigator's belly.

"Not really," he told her, "The pain is a bit lower."

Carmen stopped a moment and straightened up, brushing a stray black hair out of her eyes. "I'm going to need you to take off your pants Harry," she told him, trying to put it as delicately. "Don't be shy though I'm a doctor and I've seen it all before." The truth was Carmen was very nervous, due to the makeup of the Scarlet Rapier crew she'd worked almost exclusively with women as Lex very rarely got hurt or sick. She was also very curious to see if the dwarf's penis was in proportion with the rest of his undersized body.

Harry was definitely not shy. He unbuttoned his pants and yanked them down to his ankles. 

To Carmen's surprise he wasn't wearing any underwear underneath. At the base of his belly was a thick patch of pubic hair with his thick stubby penis jutting out and a pair of large testicles beneath. His cock was still soft but looked around average length, which was big on the small man, but was very thick giving it an almost comical stubbiness, much like Harry's own build. His balls were huge, bigger than any Carmen had ever seen. All in all it was a very odd set of genitals, but not completely without appeal.

"Doctor?" Harry asked, noticing that Carmen had stopped and was staring at his crotch.

"Oh, sorry," said Carmen, snapping out of her daze. The beautiful medical officer reached out, almost gingerly and lifted Harry's stubby penis in her soft hand, sliding her other hand beneath to inspect his large testicles which she suspected were the source of the problem.

At the touch of her soft hand Harry's dick pulsed slightly and began to swell. As the attractive doctor held his cock between her fingers and stroked her other hand over his balls Harry's dick started to get semi-erect.

"Are they always this big?" Carmen asked the navigator, rolling his testicles on her fingertips.

Harry shook his head, "Careful there doc, they're very sensitive at the moment."

"Hmm," Carmen said thoughtfully, licking her lips and she cupped his testicles in her palm, still holding his growing cock with her other hand.

"Sorry about that," said Harry, looking down to see his cock almost fully erect in Carmen's hand. "I can't help it, it's just not every day that a little fellow like me has a beautiful women like you touching his unmentionables."

Carmen smiled, realizing for the first time that he was indeed hard now. She stroked his hard cock a couple times, causing Harry to moan softly. "You're far from a little fellow," she told him playfully.

"So what's wrong with me?" Harry asked.

"When was the last time you ejaculated?" Carmen asked the dwarf.

Harry thought for a moment, briefly remembering his recent journey into Holly's cleavage, which had only got him hard but he hadn't actually cum. "Over a month," he admitted.

Carmen raised an eyebrow in surprise, "That's your problem then."

"Huh?"

"An extreme case of blue balls I'm afraid."

"So what can I do about it?" Harry asked. "Can you give me something for it?"

Carmen smiled, "I could, but I think it would be more appropriate and professional for you to take matters into your own hands." As she spoke she let go of his erect cock and swollen balls and went to the sink to wash her hands.

It took Harry a moment to realize what she was referring to. "You mean I need to abuse myself?"

Carmen smiled again, "Well masturbate yes. You need to ejaculate to relieve the pressure and swelling."

"I can't!" exclaimed Harry, aghast. "It's a sin!" he told her passionately. Truth was Harry was my no means religious but he wanted to see just how far the busty doctor would go.

Carmen faltered a moment, unsure exactly how to deal with the dwarf. "It's perfectly normal and natural," she tried to assure him.

Harry however was adamant, "I'm sorry I can't do that."

"Well I think you're going to have to if you want to get rid of the pain," Carmen told him.

"Can't you do something doc?" Harry asked, looking hopeful. "You mentioned you could give me something?"

Carmen's expression turned to one of pity as she saw the look of desperation on Harry's face. "I suppose I could help you out. Manually I mean," she said uncertainly.

"Please Carmen!" said Harry, almost begging.

Carmen hesitated a moment as if judging Harry's sincerity before she agreed, "Okay then Harry." The busty medic pulled up a stool to the edge of the examination table where Harry sat. "Lie back and get comfortable," she told him, grabbing a towel and then sitting on the stool beside him. The lovely doctor laid the towel across Harry's stomach and then reached out with her soft hands, one hand wrapping around the base of his shaft for leverage, the other fisting his hard cock hear the head.
