 Chapter Five: Outer Space

"Thank you everyone for coming," said Pete, addressing the seven crewmembers of the Mermaids Pride that were gathered with him in the ships lounge.

The Captain and First Mate were on the bridge keeping an eye on the piloting to leave Pete free to run a team building exercise with the crew, to make them work as one unit. 

"Okay I want everyone to pair up for this, make sure you're with someone who's not in your original crew, remember the purpose of this is to get to know each other better," he reminded them all.

They quickly partnered up, Jim tried to pair up with Kelly but was immediately ignored as she grabbed the closest Buccaneers Revenge crewman who happened to be Harry. So instead Jim paired up with Elizabeth, Billy partners with Red and Pete and Carmen teamed up.

"Righto," said Pete once they were organized. "We're going to do a short trust exercise. Both partners will get a turn at this. One of you will be blindfolded and the other has to lead them from here in the lounge to the entrance to the engine room down a floor." Pete pulled out four blindfolds and handed them out to the groups. "Let's say ladies first and then we'll switch for the trip back."

Once all four girls were blindfolded Pete instructed their partners to spin them around a few times to make sure they lost all sense of direction. Pete spun his partner quickly around, accidentally brushing one of her large breasts through her top as he did so.

"Okay, ready everyone?" Pete called out, winking at Jim who was crouched down in front of Elizabeth, peeking up her loose skirt at her white panties. "See you all at the engine room…Go!" the first mate announced, signaling the start of the exercise.

Billy hooked an arm around Red's shapely waist and started to lead her off down the corridor, although his eyes were mostly focused down the front of her halter-top as he kept her body pulled tightly against him. Pete's approach was to stand right behind Carmen, his body pressed against her back and both his hands on her hips. As this pair walked forward Pete made sure to regularly bump into Carmen's shapely ass with his crotch and at the same time let his hands creep up towards the sides of Carmen's firm breasts.

Harry was less subtle, hooking his arm into Kelly's and leading her down the hallway with the side of his arm pressed against the side of her large tit. As they walked he reached out with his other hand and gave the breast closest to him a firm squeeze. Kelly gasped but didn't protest so he left his hand resting there on her full bosom, giving it the occasional squeeze as they walked. 

Jim and Elizabeth were last, Jim holding one of Elizabeth's hands out in front of him as he led her along the corridor and let his other hand rest on the small of the back to guide her. As they turned the first corner Jim let the hand on her back slide down to cup one of her firm buttocks through her skirt. Whilst the others all took off ahead, Jim guided Elizabeth to a stairwell and started to lead up the stairs.

"I thought the engine room was down?" Elizabeth said in surprise as Jim led her carefully up the flight of stairs. She felt Jim's hand slip under the bottom of her skirt and cup her panty clad asscheek under the guise of helping her up the stairs.

"The express elevator goes from the floor above us though," Jim explained, giving her ass a squeeze.

"Oh, good thinking," Elizabeth replied.

Billy and Red were at the front of the main group, Billy almost pushing Red along with the arm around her waist. Suddenly they both stumbled and tripped, falling to the hard floor with a crash. Red landing on her back as her young guide crashed on top of her, his face planting into her heaving bosom. On the way past Pete discreetly gave Billy a kick in the ribs, the older mans hands now brushing the sides of Carmen's ample tits as he pushed her along in front of him.

Harry and Kelly, and Pete and Carmen were the only ones to make it into the elevator before the doors closed. Pete stood leaning against the wall of the elevator with Carmen in front of him, leaning back against him. His crotch was pressed into Carmen's firm ass and he was as subtly as possible grinding himself against her through her miniskirt.

Harry, seeing an opportunity released Kelly and stepped in front of Carmen, reaching out and squeezing one of her big tits through her top. The pretty doctor yelped in surprise.

"What was that?" she gasped reaching out, but Harry stepped back away from her in time.

"Just Jim messing around," Billy said, winking at Harry.

"Asshole!" Carmen swore, remembering the blowjob Jim had forced upon her outside that bar previously.

Billy carefully reached around Carmen and squeezed both her tits through her top.

"Jim!" she said, "Quit it!"

Billy grinned and moved his hands back to her hips as the elevator halted on the ground floor. He slid them down the outside of her thighs and reached for the hem of her miniskirt. Just as the elevator doors slid open Billy pulled Carmen's skirt up, right the way to her waist.

"What's going on?" Carmen asked as her g-string panties and gorgeous ass were exposed.

"We're got to hurry!" Billy told her, pushing her forward in front of him. "We're in the lead!" he added, taking the chance to stare down at her ass, left bare by her skimpy g-string.

"Where are you?" Kelly called out back in the elevator.

"I'm here!" said Harry, regaining contact with his partner but pulling her against him. Due to his height his face was pressed right into Kelly's impressive cleavage.

"Thank goodness," Kelly breathed as Harry rubbed his face against her chest. "Let's go!" 

Meanwhile, back upstairs Billy was helping Red to her feet, making sure to cop copious feels of Red's big tits and rounded ass as she got back to her feet.

"You clumsy idiot!" snapped the ships pilot.

"If we hurry we can catch up," Billy said to her, giving her a slap on the ass as he put his arm around her waist and hurried her on in the direction of the elevator.

***

Whilst the team building exercise was in full swing, First Mate Holly Sharp and Captain Lex McGinnity were on the bridge of the Mermaids Pride, keeping an eye on the autopilot and navigation systems while the rest of the crew was occupied.

Holly sat in the pilots chair going over the instrument read outs as Lex stood behind her, both his hands resting on her shoulders which he was massaging whilst looking down the front of her halter at her impressive tits that were almost bursting out.

As Lex rubbed the lovely blonde's shoulders his hands crept lower and lower, starting to rub her upper chest. Going for the jackpot, Lex's hands slid down inside the front of Holly's top to cup and squeeze her big tits, bare beneath the top. Holly gave a sigh of frustration and reached up, pushing her Captain's wandering hands back up to her shoulders.

"We've discussed this Captain, it's not appropriate," she told him assertively.

"Sorry," apologized Lex, "I slipped."

Holly was about to retort when a massive shudder rocked the Mermaids Pride. Lex who was still standing behind Holly was tossed across the bridge.

"What the fuck?" asked Holly in surprise, scanning the control panel for a clue to what happened.

Lex had a very familiar sense of déjà vu. "Balacheans!" he exclaimed, "we're under attack!"

As Holly started to try and pin point their attackers, Lex slammed his fist down on the alarm button and a siren blared through the ship, causing female crewmember to yank off their blindfolds and male crewmember to (reluctantly) yank away their groping hands from delicious pieces of female anatomy.

As the ship was rocked by another blast from the alien attackers Lex's voice came over the ship wide PA system, "We're under attack! Everyone to your battle stations!" Lex switched the engine room intercom, "Damage Report from that hit Mr Savage?"

"Just a small hull fracture near the engines, nothing essential hit," came the voice of Kelly, the assistant mechanic in reply. "Jim's still on his way here."

The ship shuddered for the third time and Lex didn't have to ask for Kelly's report. "That was the targeting computer sir!" the busty blonde announced.

"Shit!" swore Lex, "that's gonna make it hard to fight back."

Elizabeth, Billy and Red entered the bridge now, immediately taking their positions.

"Get that computer fixed!" Lex barked into the intercom.

"On it sir!" it was Jim's voice this time, he'd obviously reached his position.

"Get us around facing them Red!" ordered Lex to the buxom redhead pilot. Red was already taking Holly's place at the controls.

"Billy, see what you can do with our guns, the targeting computer is done so we're sitting ducks," Holly said to her gunner.

"Shields down to 50%," Kelly reported from the engine room as the last stragglers of the crew took their positions on the bridge.

"Found them!" Harry announced not long after he had taken his position in front of the navigational computer. "There's two of them, on the port side." Red immediately began getting the Mermaids Pride moving to face the enemy ships.

"Shit!" swore Lex.

Suddenly there was an explosion out in space as Billy fired the Mermaids lasers and scored a direct hit on one of the enemy ships, destroying it.

"Nice shot!" exclaimed Elizabeth from her position, she didn't have a lot to do in combat as comms officer so was watching the action intently.

"Computer back up?" Lex asked.

"Negative Cap'n," came Jim from down in the engine room.

"Very nice shot then," Lex complemented his new gunner. "Now get the other one."

The remaining Balachean attack ship fired a rapid volley of laser shots at the Mermaids Pride, as Billy shot off a few more misses the Pride was rocked by direct hits from their attackers.

"Shields done!" Kelly said over the intercom, her voice sounding alarmed. 

"Get some speed up Red!" snapped Lex. "One more hit like that and it's game over, we need to make ourselves a harder target, we're sitting ducks at the moment."

"Aye sir," Red said, pushing on the throttle lever.

"Bingo!" said Billy as he launched a few more shots of his own. Lex looked over at him in confusion, then, seconds later their final attacker exploded in a fiery ball.

"That's all of them," Harry confirmed.

Everyone on the bridge cheered in relief.

"Good shooting Billy," said the Captain. "How'd you manage to hit them without the targeting computer?"

"The last ship I was on before the Buccaneer was an ancient Hawk Squad Ship, didn't even have a computer," Billy explained with a grin.

Holly couldn't help but beam with pride at the fact that it was one of her crew that had saved the day.

"No more team building," Lex said. "I want everyone to be on alert for the rest of this mission. We can't handle another mistake like that." The Captain then called up Jim on the intercom, "Jim, I want you and Kelly to get both the shields and the targeting computer back up. You're not off duty until they're working!"

"Yes Cap'n!"

"Pete, Elizabeth and Harry take the first watch, everyone else get some sleep. Holly, Red and Billy you'll be on second watch."

The Captain decided to remain on the bridge for a while longer just in case there was any trouble while the ship was still handicapped by the damage caused in the Balachean attack. Those going off duty headed to their quarters to catch some rest.

"Billy, can I see you for a moment," Holly said to her crewman as they made their way down to the living areas.

"Sure Captain," said Billy, momentarily forgetting the new rankings. "I mean First Mate."

Holly smiled and led Billy into her quarters, shutting the door behind them. "You did fantastic in there Mr Cameron," Holly said warmly. "You're shooting saved everyone's life, and I'm definitely proud of the fact you're part of my crew."

Billy grinned, "Thanks. Does that mean I get a special reward?"

"You do," Holly said, licking her lips seductively. "A B class reward."

Billy's eyes widened and he had to think for a moment what a B grading was. A blowjob! He'd never been lucky enough to get a reward that high before. "Fucking A!" he said, almost whooping with excitement, "so you're really gonna suck my dick?"

"That's right," Holly said with a smile. "You did great today, you deserve it." In truth based on previous rewards Holly had given out this was probably only a C+ reward, but for some reason Holly felt like sucking the handsome young gunner off. Maybe it was all the attentions that Captain McGinnity had been paying her recently, or perhaps it was the failed blowjob with the alien called Jones. "Why don't you take off your pants then lie on my bed and get comfortable."

"Hell yeah!" said Billy, hurried scrabbling out of his gold pants and then jumping on the bed, lying back and folding his hands behind his head, naked from the waist down with his erect cock pointing up at the ceiling.

Holly climbed onto the bed and knelt at Billy's feet, running one soft hand up his thigh. "Would you like me to take off my top before we start?"

"Yes please," Billy immediately agreed, reaching down and rubbing his cock as he watched Holly tug her halter top up off over her head, her massive tits falling free. "Wow!" he breathed softly at the incredible sight of her ample hooters.

The topless blonde reached out with one soft hand and stroked her fingers up the length of Billy's hard cock, murmuring slightly in appreciation. "You have a beautiful penis Billy," Holly said. She then bent over and gave the underside of his cock a long deliberate lick, her tongue swiping slowly up his full length and then swirling briefly around the head before she sat up again. "It tastes good as well." Holly continued to rub the young pirates cock, her other hand gently toying with his testicles.

"Kiss it!" Billy urged her.

Holly smiled and bent over his lap again, her heavy tits brushing his thighs as she pressed her soft lips against the head of his cock. Holly paused like that for a long moment, her lips pressed to the end of Billy's hard dick. Then she moved her head down, letting his thick cock push her lips apart and slide into her mouth and onto her hot tongue. Billy groaned, grabbing on tightly to the bed sheets as Holly paused again, holding the head of his cock inside her mouth and very gently sucking. Holly started to move up and down very slightly, her lips rubbing the sensitive area around the head of Billy's cock maddeningly as her warm mouth filled with saliva and sucked at him.

"Oh fuck that feels great!" groaned Billy. "Suck me, suck it all!"

Holly waited a moment more and then let her mouth slide right down his cock. Billy groaned as Holly relaxed her throat and let the head of his cock push into the back of her mouth and throat, her lips sliding right down to the very base of his cock as she deep throated his entire length.

"Holy shit!" groaned Billy, looking down to see his beautiful, busty Captain with her lips sealed around the very bottom of his cock shaft, his whole cock buried in her sexy mouth. It was just too much for the handsome young gunner to stand, he let out a loud groan of absolute pleasure and his balls tightened, his cock unloaded and huge load into Holly's throat.

The buxom blonde pulled back up Billy's cock after the first rope spurted straight down her throat, she held the head of his cock between her lips and felt the next rope shoot across her tongue. Holly moaned and started swallowing, sucking firmly as Billy filled her mouth with a surprisingly copious load of sperm.

"Oh God!" groaned Billy, his hips surging up off the bed and his cock shoving itself deeper into Holly's mouth as he shot more cum into her.

Holly almost choked at his sudden lunge, but managed to keep her calm. She reached up and grabbed the base of Billy's penis so he couldn't force too much into her mouth. Holly stroked frantically on the bottom of Billy's cock as she kept the end in her mouth and sucked out the rest of his big load. Once he was finally spent Holly gave his cock one last heavy suck and then sat up, grinning at her blissful looking crewmember.

"That has to be the best blowjob I've ever had," groaned Billy.

"Well you earned it."

***

Downstairs in the engine room Jim and Kelly were working hurriedly on the damaged targeting computer, having quickly been able to get the ships shields back up and running.

Kelly who hadn't worked on such sophisticated equipment stood rather helplessly behind Jim as he worked at the computer, trying to reprogram it back into action. She leant against Jim's back, unconscious of the fact her massive breasts were pressed against the senior mechanic's shoulders as she watched him work through the difficult targeting system.

"Damn!" swore Jim in frustration as the computer beeped angrily at an incorrect entry he made. Jim clutched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes, "I've got such a bad headache I can hardly think. I hate working under all this fucking pressure."

"Can I help at all?" Kelly asked. She started to massage his shoulders, hoping to relieve some of the mechanic's stress. "Wow, you're all knotted up here," Kelly murmured as her thumbs probed at the tight muscles in Jim's upper back.

"Oh, that feels good," Jim said, relaxing slightly as he paused his work and leant back in his chair to enjoy Kelly's shoulder rub. "Where'd you learn how to do this?" he asked his lovely assistant.

Kelly blushed a moment. "I used to work in a massage parlor on Sheerin 16," Kelly told him.

Jim chuckled, "I bet this wasn't the only stress relief you gave your clients."

Kelly stopped rubbed and slapped him across the back of the shoulder, stopping her massage, "Get back to work prick." Kelly was fed up with the crude mechanic.

Jim sighed and resumed his typing at the computer, frowning as he struggled to spot the problem. For the next ten minutes he worked at his, occasionally swearing and threatening to blow up the computer.

"Is that targeting system back up and running?" came the insistent voice of Captain McGinnity over the intercom.

"Not yet Captain," Kelly spoke back, glancing over at Jim.

"Make it happen Kelly!" said Lex firmly. "I want that computer fixed. Do whatever it takes to get it done!"

"Yes sir!" Kelly said, switching off the intercom and turning back to Jim. "How's it going Jim?"

Jim looked up at her, frustrated by the interruption, "I can't think tonight for some reason."

Kelly hesitated a moment, and then, remembering the Captains instructions she once again moved behind Jim and started to massage his tense shoulders.

Jim let her work on him for a moment and then reached up and pushed her hands off him, "That's not helping I'm afraid."

Kelly frowned, "Well what can I do to help you concentrate?" she asked.

Jim spun around in his chair and pointed at his crotch. Kelly's eyes widened as she saw the tent his dick was making in his pants. "Can you help me with this?" Jim asked.

Kelly scowled in disgust, "You asshole!" The lovely blonde spun around and stomped angrily over to sit in a chair on the opposite side of the room.

Jim sighed and went back to his typing. "Didn't think so," he muttered under his breath.

"What the fuck is the problem down there?" came the now angry voice of the Captain.

"Sorry sir, we're working on it as fast as we can," Kelly replied into the intercom.

"Well it's not fast enough!" Lex told her. "We're sitting ducks at the moment, if we're attacked again we're dead. Get the fucking thing fixed. You've got ten more minutes!"

Kelly sat in her chair, weighing up her options for a moment. "Shit!" she cursed in defeat, standing up and moving across the room and then kneeling down beside Jim's chair. "What do you want me to do then?" 
