 Chapter Six: In Transit

"Ah yes, it's good to be the Captain!" groaned Captain Lex McGinnity as the gorgeous ship's doctor, Carmen Taylor, slid her hot mouth down over the top of his erection and slurped noisily on his rod. The dark haired beauty swirled her tongue around the head of Lex's cock and then plunged her mouth down on him, taking him deep into the back of her mouth, a good two thirds of his cock enveloped in the wetness of her mouth.

As the sexy doctor sucked his cock, Lex turned his attention to the other beautiful crewmember in his chambers, the ample chested Kelly Clayton, assistant mechanic. Lex drew the pretty blonde's head towards his and passionately kissed her, sliding his tongue deep into her mouth as he reached up and cupped one of her massive bare breasts in his palm, jiggling the oversized melon roughly.

Although all four members of Lex's original 'Scarlet Rapier' crew were constantly willing and ready to play, recently he'd been a little restricted in his fun time, so the chance to have a ménage a trois was a welcome diversion from the burdens of leadership.

Hired by a mysterious alien by the name of Dominor, Lex and his crew had joined forces with another crew of space pirates from the ship 'The Buccaneer's Revenge' to complete a well paid intergalactic delivery job. The two crews had been mashed together on the large cruiser 'The Mermaid's Pride', the cargo hold filled with their top secret consignment. Whatever was in that hold, Dominor was paying well for it to be delivered quickly and discreetly to the planet Ormond.

"Have I ever told you that you have fantastic hooters Kelly?" asked Lex as he squeezed and kneaded one of Kelly's huge F cup jugs in his left hand. The vast orb overflowed his fingers, but that didn't stop him from mauling and groping ardently at the big boob.

"More than once," replied Kelly, smiling at the compliment. The short haired blonde arched her back, proudly thrusting her gigantic breasts towards her captain for him to play with.

Hard at work, rapidly bobbing her head over Lex's cock, Carmen gave a small muffled moan of protest, worried the Captain wasn't paying enough attention to her hot mouth on his prick.

"Mmm, don't worry baby, you're doing a great job down there," Lex assured the gorgeous doctor, reaching down and running his spare hand through Carmen's dark, wavy locks and pushing her face down harder on his cock, silencing any additional complaints.

Fortunately, when the two crews had combined, Lex had kept his role of Captain, with the other ships captain, Holly Sharp, assuming the role of first mate. Much like his original crewmembers, Holly Sharp was beautiful and well endowed. In fact Lex had tried on a couple of occasions to get into her panties, but had so far been refused. Still, as far as he was concerned, it was just a matter of time.

In fact, in Lex's opinion, the gorgeous blonde would make a rather nice permanent addition to his crew. So long as she learnt to put out like his other girls of course. The same could not be said for the rest of Holly's crew however. As far as Lex was concerned, the sooner he got rid of those four ugly miscreants, the better. They were cramping his style.

"Why don't we take this over to the bed," suggested Lex as he released his grip on Carmen's head and let her hot mouth slid up off his cock.

Lex stood up and led the two beautiful and busty space pirates over to his bed. They were both completely naked, their fantastic, curvy bodies completely uncovered.

"How do you want us Captain?" asked Carmen with a wide, eager smile.

Lex grinned back. "Why don't you begin by putting that talented tongue of yours to work on our good assistant mechanic's twat," suggested the captain. "I rather fancy sticking my cock between those great big knockers she's got."

"Sounds good to me," cut in Kelly, moving onto the bed. Truthfully she was a little annoyed by Lex referring to her as the assistant mechanic. For some reason that she couldn't fathom, when the two crews had joined forces on the Mermaid's Pride, Jim Savage, the other ships mechanic had got the top job and she'd been stuck as his assistant. The bastard had even made her blow him, supposedly so he could get rid of his headache, but Kelly had her doubts.

As soon as the lithe blonde was lying on the bed, Carmen moved between her shipmate's slender thighs, spreading them wide and dipping her head between them towards the mechanic's already moist pussy. It wasn't often that the Captain asked them to pleasure each other, usually he was more interested in being on the receiving end of any tongue lashings. Carmen didn't exactly hate the thought of going down on a woman, but she would definitely have preferred to have Lex's hard cock back in her mouth if she'd been given the choice.

Kelly gave a moan of appreciation as Carmen's tongue rapidly lapped at her clit and slit. Lex was right, the doctor had a talented tongue.

While Kelly was eaten out by Carmen, Lex climbed onto the bed and straddled Kelly's torso, guiding the long hard length of his erection down between the vast, upthrust globes of Kelly's huge tits. The captain reached down and took hold of Kelly's enormous norks, giving them a hard squeeze and then pressing them together to form a snug sheath around his cock.

"That's it Captain, fuck my big titties!" moaned Kelly, thoroughly enjoying the attentions of both Carmen and Lex.

Lex gave a grunt as he started to thrust his hips, pumping his dick back and forth in Kelly's cleavage, enjoying the feel of the ample soft mounds hugged tight around his penis. As he fucked Kelly's perfect F cups, he pinched her nipples and groped the huge melons. Each thrust of Lex's hardon through the sheath formed by her cleavage caused Kelly's bountiful breasts to jiggle and shake enticingly.

Lex leant forward to get a better leverage, thrusting faster with his cock as Kelly reached up and took over holding her breasts, pressing them together around Lex's cock, sandwiching the hard shaft in her abundant titflesh. Lex groaned as he bucked his hips, fucking her gorgeous melons with his stiff prick. As he thrust forward, the head of his cock poked out the top of Kelly's cleavage, bumping into her chin.

The Captain titfucked Kelly for several minutes, enjoying having his way with her gigantic jugs. "Time for some fucking!" he announced as he climbed off Kelly.

Lex saw that Carmen was still on her knee's between Kelly's thighs, her agile tongue tunneling into the busty blonde's soaking cunt. Of course, the kneeling position meant that Carmen was perfectly situated for some fucking.

The Captain moved behind Carmen, lining his hard cock up with the already wet and ready entrance to the beautiful doctor's sex. Lex held Carmen by her shapely hips and thrust forward, sliding his erection smoothly into her tight pussy and causing her to moan into her faceful of Kelly's cunt.

"Oh fuck that feels good!" groaned Lex as he held himself buried balls-deep in Carmen's clutching pussy, the buxom doctor pushing back with her ass against him. "I definitely needed a fuck."

As Lex started to thrust against Carmen, shoving his hard prick deep into her snatch, Kelly suddenly gave a loud cry of pleasure. The voluptuous blonde writhed on the bed, pressing her thighs together around Carmen's head and pulling the doctor's face in against her crotch and she thrust upwards and her whole body arched in pleasure.

Lex didn't slow the humping motion of his loins, his hard cock slamming into Carmen from behind as Kelly climaxed on the lovely doctor's face.

Kelly finally released Carmen's head and rolled over on the bed, breathing heavily as she glanced down and watched the Captain fuck the women who'd just eaten her out so expertly.

Freed from between the busty ships mechanic's thighs, Carmen glanced back over her shoulder at the captain, her face glistening with Kelly's juices. "That's it Captain, shove that big thing into me!" she moaned, loving every minute of the thorough fucking she was receiving.

The Captain's hips were pumping wildly, his hard cock jack-hammering into Carmen's tight pussy and the chambers were filled with the sounds of their slapping flesh. At the top end of the bed, Kelly watched on in post-orgasmic bliss with obvious enjoyment at the sight of their enthusiastic fucking.

"Oh!" moaned Carmen, her voice high and clearly excited. "Fuck me Captain! Fuck me!"

Carmen was moaning loudly now as Lex pistoned into her from behind. His own explosion was not far away now.

In the end it was timed perfectly. Carmen let out a high pitched squeal as she came, and moments later Lex let himself go over the edge. The Captain shoved his throbbing cock deep into the cumming brunette, his balls tightening as he exploded, flooding her hot pussy with his spurting seed.

Carmen moaned in orgasm as Lex's cock lurched inside her, the Captain himself moaning loudly as he came.

"Wow," breathed Kelly in admiration as she watched the pair of them cum.

***

At the other end of the Mermaid's Pride, Billy Cameron, the young gunnery officer was heading down a corridor on the port side of the ship, heading towards the cargo area of the cruiser. As the handsome twenty one year old passed an intersection he stopped in his tracks.

Down the corridor to his left he saw the most gorgeous posterior he'd laid eyes on. The beautifully round bottom belonged to Elizabeth Holmes the communications officer. The sexy, long haired brunette was bent over at the waist, apparently checking some of the wiring in one of the ships intercom units. Elizabeth's flared golden skirt was short enough to give Billy a perfect view of her exposed ass, clad in a skimpy golden g-string that left her delicious looking buttocks mostly bare.

Billy paused, admiring Elizabeth's flawless bum as she worked.

The young gunner wasn't used to having so many beautiful women in the crew. Sure, they'd always had their ultra hot captain, Holly Sharp, but the rest of the crew were a bunch of ugly old men. Having the four busty beauties from 'The Scarlet Rapier' aboard was tough to adjust to. Billy was just glad that Holly had came to see him recently and had allowed him to let off some steam in her pretty little mouth.

Elizabeth seemed to suddenly become aware of his presence and she straightened and turned around. "What's up?" she asked him cheerfully.

If Billy was disappointed at losing the excellent view of Elizabeth's lush posterior, he was placate d by the sight of the gorgeous brunette's magnificent C cup breasts, barely contained by the ultra sexy top she wore which consisted of little more than two vertical strips of gold material that left a considerable portion of cleavage on display.

"What you up to?" Billy asked.

"Just trying to fix the intercom system, it gone a bit haywire," explained Elizabeth. "They seemed to have used some pretty low budget wiring to put it together."

Billy nodded. "I'm glad they didn't skimp on the weapons systems then."

Elizabeth shrugged, the motion causing her tits to jiggle about and almost threaten to pop out from their precarious cover in her skimpy top. Billy was a little disappointed with they remained tucked away from his eager gaze.

"Ah, what do you know about this cargo we're carrying?" he asked her curiously, giving her his most charming smile. So far he'd noticed that their new crew members seemed to react quite well to a little flirting, well except for Kelly and Carmen that is. He and Jim and tricked those two into sucking their cocks back on Clammix 18, before the two crews had even met each other. They still seemed to hold a bit of a grudge, but Elizabeth and Red were definitely warming to him. Probably because he was by far the best looking of his crew. Only the rather distinguished looking Captain Lex gave Billy a run for his money in that department.

Elizabeth shook her head. "No, it's definitely a mystery. The Captain and Red are keeping pretty tight lipped about it. Actually I'm not even sure Red knows what's in there."

Billy nodded. "Yeah Holly hasn't told us squat."

"I'm sure it's something dodgy," decided Elizabeth with a grin. "We are pirates after all."

Billy nodded again. "Still, I'd love to know what's in there...wanna go look?"

Elizabeth looked surprised at this. "What? Break in to it?" she looked a little worried at his suggestion.

"I dunno about that, not break in exactly," replied Billy uncertainly. "I just want to get a closer look. See if we can work out what's in there. I don't want to get into trouble or mess anything up."

"Well I am pretty curious as well," allowed Elizabeth hesitantly.

"Let's go check it out!" said Billy, his eyes glinting roguishly.

Elizabeth couldn't help but share his conspiratorial grin. "Okay."

***

"So how's she going?" asked Pete Munroe as he stepped onto the bridge of the 'Mermaid's Pride' to watch over Red as she piloted the ship. The old pirate was still getting used to the idea that he wasn't the pilot and although he was technically higher ranked as second mate, he was finding it a little difficult to relinquish control of the ship to the fiery young redhead currently sitting at the controls. He was almost in his sixties and was far too old for changes like this. At least it wasn't his usual ship, the 'Buccaneer's Revenge', that was a small consolation.

Alison 'Red' Turner glanced back over her shoulder at the second mate. "Smooth sailing so far, but we're running a little behind schedule."

Pete frowned and took a seat in the co-pilot's chair beside Red. "Problems?" He couldn't help but admire the young pilot's incredible body. She was wearing her assigned gold uniform. Skin tight pants that clung to every curve of her long legs and succulent ass, complete with lacings along the sides that left most of her tanned legs uncovered. The uniform was completed by a sexy golden halter top that displayed the woman's ample D cups to excellent effect and Pete's gaze was repeatedly drawn to her impressive cleavage.

Red shook her head. "She seems to be running fine, just a little sluggish. I can't really put my finger on it," the busty red haired explained. "We should still reach Ormond within a few days."

"Mmm," murmured Pete with a nod, a slight frown on his face.

"So how long have you been on Holly's crew?" asked Red conversationally.

"Um, ever since she's been captain," replied Pete. "I actually piloted for her father on the 'Buccaneer's Revenge' for many years. When Holly inherited the ship I guess I came with it."

"I see," nodded Red, turning her attention back to the controls. There wasn't actually a lot of work to do when they were just cruising along, but she didn't really know Pete well enough to have much of a conversation with him.

They sat in silence for several minutes; the only sound was the gentle humming of the ship's engines.

"So are you a natural redhead?" asked Pete, breaking the silence.

"What?" asked Red, surprised by the question. She turned to face the older officer.

"You know," urged Pete. "Are you red downstairs as well as on top?"

"Of course I am, why the hell do you want to know that?" asked Red, not angry, but mildly annoyed by his cheeky question. She would have expected that from a young guy like Billy perhaps, but not someone Pete's age.

Pete had the decency to look embarrassed. "Well I kind of made a bet."

"A bet?" repeated Red in surprise. "Who with?"

"Holly."

Red's eyes narrowed slightly. Although the busty redhead hadn't had much to do with the ship's new second in command, she already didn't like her much. After all, Holly had taken her place as first mate and it also looked to Red like Lex was getting far too close to the busty blonde. The bitch was probably fucking him, or at least giving him head, thought Red jealously.

"So are you going to prove it?" asked Pete.

"I guess so," replied Red, turning to loosen the lacings down the side of her golden pants. It took a minute, but she eventually peeled down her trousers, revealing a skimpy gold colored g-string. Red hooked both thumbs into the waistband of her panties and pulled the front down and forward, flashing Pete a glimpse of her neatly trimmed, and definitely red pubic hair.

"Hang on a sec, let me see," said Pete sitting on the edge of his seat and gesturing for Red to move closer.

The beautiful young pilot rolled her eyes, but did move in front of her older colleague. 

Pete boldly reached up and pulled down the front of Red's panties, once again exposing the auburn thatch of her bush. Red gasped as Pete reached up with his other hand and ran his fingers through the small curly hairs. He rubbed his fingertips over the top of Red's pubic mound, and lightly grazed across the slit of her pussy, burying his hand to the wrist inside her g-string. 

"Whoa there big boy!" yelped Red, grabbing Pete's hand by his wrist and extracting it from the front of her panties.

"Well, you're definitely a natural redhead," announced Pete.

"So who won the bet?" asked Red.

"Holly did."

The corner of Red's mouth twitched a little at her disappointment. The last thing she wanted to do was help out that bitch. "So what were the stakes?"

Pete hesitated a second before replying. "Well if I win she had to blow me. If she wins I have to go down on her."

"Wow," breathed Red in surprise. She hadn't expected that, especially from an old bugger like Pete. Perhaps the new crew were not all that different from her, Lex and the other girls.

"But there was more to the bet, so I haven't lost yet," Pete told her, his gaze roving over Red's magnificent figure. The statuesque redhead seemed completely unaware she was standing there in just a g-string and a halter, her fantastic body on display.

"Oh really?" Red raised an eyebrow. "What's the rest of it?"

"Your tits," said Pete, nodding towards Red's ample D-cups. "I bet they weren't real."

"Weren't real?" gasped Red in surprise, feeling a little insulted. "These are all mine big boy!"

"Damn. Can I feel them to be sure?" asked Pete.

Red was getting annoyed at Pete, how could he let Holly win the bet over such obvious things? "I can't believe you think my tits are fake!" she complained.

"Well, they're pretty spectacular," noted Pete. "Now about that feel..."

Red ignored him, but she was somewhat mollified by his compliment. "What about Holly's tits? They're almost as big as Kelly's, they have to be fake."

"Holly's breasts are magnificent," replied Pete, his eyes drifting away as he mentally pictured his captain's wonderful E cups.

Red scowled. "I bet my tits are way better than her ridiculous udders."

"Well get those puppies out and let me see then," instructed Pete.

Motivated by her dislike of Holly, Red pulled off her halter, exposing her flawless D-cups. They were large and firm, topped by dark nipples. The pale flesh of her ample jugs was silky smooth.

"Nice," breathed Pete. "Lean forward."

Red bent forward, offering up her big tits towards the ships second mate who eagerly accepted her gift. He gave a small murmur of appreciation as he reached up and cupped Red's big breasts, immediately giving them a hard squeeze, his fingers sinking deep into the soft melons.

"Very nice. And real."

"I told you," said Red as the older man started to squeeze and knead her vast knockers.

"You've got great tits," Pete told her as he fondled and massaged the huge globes, his hand stroking all over the substantial spheres.

"They're better than Holly's right?" asked Red, glaring at Pete as if daring him to say otherwise.

"I dunno," replied Pete uncertainly as he squeezed a little harder on Red's funbags, almost mauling them now. "It's pretty close. Hard to decide."

"Bah!" snapped Red, pulling away from him, her big tits slipping out of his groping paws. "Mine are definitely nicer."
