 The busty women stood in a half-circle around Drew, Laurie at his shoulder. He eyed them with annoyance. He had gathered them here to organise them into search parties; the clown had told him that his friends could not escape the park whilst it was still night, so they must be somewhere nearby. It was just a matter of locating them.

That was when he had been given the bad news. Not only had Sally and Jessica been spotted, they had been surrounded. They should have been captured. But yet, they had not.

"What do you mean, they evaded you?" Drew said, advancing on Mary.

The big-titted brunette raised her hands apologetically, fear in her eyes. "I'm sorry! They were too quick. For all of us." She gestured round at the assembled women. Every single one was a ghost, killed by the clown over the course of many years, each added to his personal collection of buxom fucktoys. And now he wanted two more - Drew's friends. Drew was determined to catch them for him.

Not least because that power over the women had now been shared with Drew. It was a power he already revelled in. He saw another opportunity to use it.

"You useless bitch," he growled at Mary, the ponytailed brunette shrinking back at his anger. He reached out, grabbing her right tit, squeezing the globe too harshly. She yelped in pain, but did not pull away, and he brought both hands to bear on her chest pillows. "You let them go? I'll show you what happens to failures."

She looked at him, her eyes shimmering with terror as he reached up to grab her head, his hands wrapping around the base of her ponytail. Then he forced her to her knees. Reaching for his jumpsuit, he pulled out his albino cock - made so by his transformation into another clown - and waved it in front of her face. He had rapidly grown hard, staring at Mary's body, and the feel of her hooters in his hands had done the rest of the work.

"Open your fucking whore mouth," he spat, pushing his cock against the brunette's lips. She opened them, willingly taking her punishment, her eyes speaking of her fear even as he immediately thrust his dick into her throat.

She gagged, saliva spewing forth, but he did not stop. Instead, Drew reached to hold her head with his other hand, too, and started to thrust roughly into the pretty ghost's mouth. She might have been dead, but she was still warm and tight. And the look of fear in her eyes as his cock ploughed her esophagus almost drove him over the edge.

He looked around at the assembled group. Each was a beautiful, busty woman - the clown chose his victims well - and each looked scared that they might be next. The only woman not looking terrified was Laurie, who stood just behind Drew, a smirk on her lips as she took in the scene.

Drew glared at the women. "You see what happens when you fail me?" he said low, staring round. "You see what I do to you?" With that, he pushed Mary's head fully onto his dick, forcing himself down her throat. She gagged, her eyes rolling back, and flailed slightly. He held her there as he carried on talking.

"I want search parties. Groups of three of you, scouring this park. It's not big enough for them to hide forever, and there are enough of us. When you find them, catch them, or if they're still all together then call for help." He started to saw his hips, fucking Mary's wonderful throat. She gagged repeatedly, the whites of her eyes showing, and he moved one hand to hold her cheek for better support. "Do you understand?" The women nodded.

His friends were another matter. On the one hand, they were in the way; an obstacle to be removed. On the other, the clown had told him that the best way to kill them was to let the women suck the life force out of them, quite literally, via their dicks. Drew was well aware that such opportunities were unlikely now - his friends were too scared to be accepting blowjobs from busty women trying to kill them - but he wanted to know what it felt like. Apparently the women shared that energy once they had collected it. He had not been there to partake in Paul's life force; he needed them to collect someone else's.

Still, that would have to wait for the future. For now, he needed his friends dead. He eyed the assembled women again as Mary's throat tightened around his prick's brutal incursion. "With the men, simply kill them. I know you prefer to suck them to death, but we won't get the chance now. Kill them however you can, and however you want to. Just get them out of the way. Now fetch me those women!"

The women murmured their understanding of his orders then quickly dispersed in groups of three, spreading out to search the amusement park. Drew grinned, looking back down at the brunette who spasmed in his grasp. His cock assaulted her mouth quickly now, and Mary sobbed between wretching gags. Dead or not, she could clearly still feel pain.

"This is what you get for failing me," he hissed. He could feel himself getting close. He gripped her head more tightly, using it as leverage as he forced his prick down her throat. Then with a rapturous cry, he came, his jizz splashing in great waves down her esophagus.

He pulled out, grinning wickedly as Mary spluttered and gasped, falling back onto her ass and lying sobbing at his feet. Her eyes refocused, the look of fear on her face not diminished, and he crouched down.

Taking hold of one of her massive tits, he gave it a rough squeeze. "Don't fail me again, Mary. Next time, I might not be so forgiving."

***

Jack reached out to grab Sally's arm. She spun at his touch, her eyes wide, and he gestured for her to crouch. Reluctantly, she did.

The blonde was going to get them killed. She was too eager - too headstrong. He knew she was hurting, knowing that Paul was dead, but she was running straight into danger and he didn't want to end up there with her.

"We need to slow down," he said. "We're going to run straight into a group of those women if we're not careful."

She stared at him, something approaching anger in her eyes. Slowly, very slowly, she nodded. "Alright."

"Where are we going first? We need a plan," he whispered, pleased she had seen at least some sense. If they were going to find Mark they needed to stay hidden.

"Mark was with us when we were in the parade ground. We lost him when we ran past the rollercoaster. Maybe he's there."

"And Drew?"

Sally's lips twisted into a sneer. "He went to the circus tent, didn't he? Little perv is probably loving this."

"Loving being hunted and killed? Have a fucking soul, Sally," Jack snapped. Creep or not, Drew did not deserve to die.

She sighed. "You're right. Even Drew wouldn't be enjoying this. Shall we check out the rollercoaster?"

Jack nodded. The shape loomed large ahead of them, foreboding and eerie under the floodlights. "Perfect," he muttered.

They moved off.

***

Kevin stood in front of the chain link fence, cold fear filling his body. He, Jessica and Amber had fled to the outskirts of the amusement park, stumbling through the pitch blackness until they came across the fence. Where before it had been tattered and broken in places, it was now pristine.

Whatsmore, it was taller than it had been before. Kevin had already attempted to climb it once, only to find it slimy and wet, his fingers not able to find purchase upon its oily surface. They would have no luck climbing it.

"We'll have to find the entrance," he whispered, and the two women looked at him. Jessica had panic written in her eyes but, to her credit, she did not express that emotion outwardly. Instead, she nodded, ignoring Amber, who sidled up to stand next to Kevin.

The buxom blonde wrapped an arm around his waist, burying her head in the crook of his neck. He could feel her huge tits pressed against his arm, and he did his best to ignore the wonderful feel of the boobs against him. Jessica stared daggers at Amber a moment, then spun away and started walking.

"It'll be alright," he said softly to Amber as they moved off after the redhead. "We'll be alright."

She pulled her head away to smile at him sweetly, then stood more straight so that they could hurry after Jessica.

They skirted the edges until they found the main entrance, and Kevin heard Jessica curse under her breath. It was just as tall, and just as impossible to climb. Layers of bolts and locks, an almost comically absurd number, dotted it to keep it firmly closed, and he knew they'd have no luck there.

"What the fuck do we do?" he said softly. "We're fucking stuck here."

Jessica looked at him with narrowed us, warning him without words not to start freaking out. He swallowed, nodding back in agreement. He had to keep calm. Then the redhead gazed back into the park, and pointed at something.

 "How about there?" she said. Kevin followed the line of her finger and realised she was gesturing towards the ferris wheel. It was fairly large, one of the bigger he had seen at a fairground like this, with decent-sized pods. They were not enclosed, but they did have walls and a canopy; if they crouched down they could probably remain hidden there.

"Seems as good an idea as any," he agreed, peering at it again. It was not far away at all; they could be there within a few minutes. Not that he knew what they'd do once they got there, but hiding was surely better than being out in the open.

Movement in the distance caught his attention, and he hissed under his breath. The two women turned and froze as they saw the group, too. Three silhouettes seemed to be scanning the fairground, and though Kevin and his companions were hidden in the shadows they would be seen if the group came much closer.

He crept forward until he was standing by Jessica's side. "Shall we go around them?" He did not know why he was allowing Jessica to make the decisions, but she seemed more capable than him. And for all Amber's sweetness, she did not appear the sort to take control in a crisis.

Jessica shrugged, dropping to a crouch next to him. "I guess so."

Then the world exploded in stars, and Kevin slumped forward onto the grass. He lay there, dazed, his head swimming as pain lanced through his skull, when he became aware of shouting in the distance. Only, it wasn't in the distance, he realised as his consciousness slowly returned.

Rolling onto his back, he saw Amber and Jessica wrestling, Amber shouting at the top of her voice. The metal bar which she had hit him with was discarded by her side. He lifted his head, the effort filling him with agony, and realised that the three distant figures were running towards them. They could not possibly have seen them yet, but they were following the sound of the shouts.

She's betrayed us! his mind screamed as he watched the two women grappling. Amber grasped hold of Jessica's hair, tugging it backwards, and the well-stacked redhead grasped Amber's top in response. They spun, pulling on their respective handfuls of the other, and even in his dazed state, some part of Kevin appreciated it when Amber's shirt ripped open, her sinful hooters clad in their pretty white bra revealed.

Slowly, he pushed himself to his feet, wavering as he stood. The figures were closer now, and he knew that he didn't have long to react.

"Get off her," he said with a slurred voice, wrapping his arms around Amber and stumbling to the floor once more. She fell with him, her hold on Jessica broken, and her fist connected with his face. Once more bright lights flashed before his eyes and pain filled his skull, and Kevin rolled onto his back.

The flash of metal in Amber's hand made him realise that this was it. She had pulled a knife from somewhere, and she slowly raised it above her head, her beautiful face twisted in venomous rage. Her hooters heaved with her deep breaths, and he thought that if he was going to go, at least he could stare at her tits whilst he did so.

As the knife flashed down she lurched off him with a low gurgle, blood suddenly running down the side of her head. Kevin looked up, dazed and befuddled. Jessica stood over him, the metal bar in her hands, its top wet with blood. She glared at Amber, who lay motionless in the grass.

"Get off him, you bitch," she snarled.

Kevin tried to speak, but his limbs wouldn't move. The redhead above him glanced down, her eyes opening wide with horror, and she tossed the metal bar away as if it was white hot. Then she knelt down, grasping his arms and pulling him upright.

"Come on, Kevin," she said soothingly as he staggered. "We've got to go. Lean on me, buddy."

She wrapped his arm around her shoulder, letting him sag onto her, and stumbled forwards. She was a good foot and a half shorter than him - Kevin was a fairly tall man - and somewhere in the back of his mind he was grateful that she was compromising her own escape in order to aid him.

They tottered forwards until they neared the ferris wheel. There, Kevin felt his mind returning, and he allowed himself a look back. The very effort of turning his head made him feel dizzy, but he was pleased to see no sign of the three women hunting them. They had probably found Amber, but had no clue where he and Jessica had gone.

The ferris wheel loomed large ahead of them as they pushed on towards the entrance tent.

***

Mark was frozen in place, the cold steel of Julia's knife pressed against his throat. He could feel its sharp edge biting into his skin, not yet drawing blood but only fractions away from doing so. He held his breath.

Julia glared up at him, but he thought he saw something in her green eyes. Confusion?

The knife wavered, and Mark took his moment. White knight he may have been, but he had no problem hitting a woman when she was trying to slit his throat. He punched her in the only place he could reach: her boob. She staggered back, the knife sagging, and he ran, pushing her to the ground as he flashed past. Vaulting the rollercoaster car, he leapt to the other platform, scrabbling for the exit. At last he found it, finding the door handle and yanking it open.

Or at least tried to. It wouldn't budge, and he pulled again, horror filling him as he realised it was locked. Spinning, he realised his only way out was the way he had come in, or jumping from the tracks that led out of either end. But they were too high up to make sure that was safe, and he had no idea what was beneath them. He could be jumping to his death.

Julia had climbed back to her feet, and was lurching towards him with anger in her eyes. Yet she seemed conflicted, almost physically so. Whilst her advance was inexorable, her torso appeared to be twisting away, and her expression flashed quickly between rage and horror.

She reached the rollercoaster car, clambering over it in an effort to reach Mark. She froze.

Mark watched as the colour drained from her face, her eyes welling with tears. Then she doubled over, the knife clattering to the floor of the car, and sobs wracked her body.

He watched on a moment, unsure of whether this was a trick, but as Julia climbed back onto the far platform and curled up in the fetal position, still crying, he realised she was genuine. He edged forwards, grabbing the knife in one quick movement when he reached the car, then climbed over it to reach her.

"Are... are you alright?" he said, tentatively approaching her. He knew he should ignore her, should have left her there and run, but he could not. Despite everything, despite the horror of this place, he could not bring himself to leave behind a woman. He crouched down at her side. "What's the matter?"

She looked up at him with red-rimmed eyes, her brown hair no longer quite so neat. "I... remember this place. I thought I did before, when we met that woman who attacked you. It's..." She trailed off, sobbing again. Mark leant forwards, though he still held the knife tightly in his left hand.

"It's what, Julia?"

She sobbed again, burying her face in his chest. At last, she pulled away, looking at him with sad eyes. "It's where I died."

He reared back, instantly on his feet again and pointing his knife at the buxom brunette. "What?" he said. He felt his body going cold with fright. "What the fuck do you mean?"

She pushed herself into a sitting position, faint sobs still shivering through her body, then gestured around. She smiled weakly. "I'm dead, Mark. I'm a ghost. Everyone here is, except your friends. We're all fucking dead."

"You're lying. That's impossible," he muttered, still backing away from her. He was closing on the track entrance. He knew there was a drop. He didn't care.

Slowly, Julia stood. "It's not. We're all dead. There's a... clown here. He kills women. Keeps them as his own. We come back under his control, mesmerised. It's... fuzzy. I just know I wanted to serve him and to please him. I don't know how long I've been here." She broke eye contact with him to stare at the rollercoaster car. "I died here with my friends. Those two women I was with before? We all died on this rollercoaster."

"The fucking cheerleaders," Mark hissed, his back finding the edge of the building. He could feel the cool night air blowing in mere feet to his right. The drop. An escape.

Julia looked back at him. "Yes. We were cheerleaders, before the clown took us. I... I don't know why being back here as given me my mind again, but I am grateful for that. I don't want to be his sex slave again."

"Sex slave? Clown? The fuck are you talking about?"

She stepped towards him. "There is a clown here. He runs this place. He was the one that named it 'Bustyland'. He picks women that suit that name, that suit his fetishes." She glanced down at her chest and laughed softly. "I always quite liked my breasts. So did my boyfriends. Now I know they got me killed."

Realisation flooded over Mark at that statement. "Holy shit, that means he wants Jessica and Sally!"

"Your friends?" Julia asked. "It wouldn't surprise me. He's been without new bodies for a long time, and they're both very pretty. And very large-chested. That's his type alright."

"Are you going to try and kill me?" He clutched the knife tighter.

She had reached him now, and she slowly turned, sliding down next to him. "No," was all she said softly, placing her head on his shoulder.

The sound of movement outside brought Mark to his feet, and he peered down into the blackness beneath the rollercoaster. The building was not bright, but the few emergency lights did cast some luminescence, and it was hard to see beyond its borders.

Jack and Sally crept into view, casting their eyes about beneath them. They were clearly looking for something. Or someone.

Mark waved his hand, but they did not see him. Glancing around, he made sure no one was nearby. If he were going to attract their attention by calling them, he needed to make sure that he didn't attract the attention of anyone else at the same time.

Blood bloomed from Jack's chest, a knifepoint glistening between his ribs. The medicine student screamed and fell, the sound wet as if he was gargling with his own blood. Blood and spittle flew from his mouth as he spasmed violently on the ground.

Mark bit back a scream, dropping to his knees at the sight of his friend so brutally killed. His limbs felt weak, useless. He wasn't sure he could have moved even if he'd tried.

Sally spun at the sound of Jack's gurgled cry, a scream torn from her own lungs as she him slump to the ground, and three women emerged into the light. Mark wanted to shout, wanted to jump down and help, but as regained control of his limbs and pushed himself upright three more women came into view. Then another three. All nine clutched weapons of some sort. They surrounded Sally.

"Get off me!" the blonde screamed as the first grabbed her. Soon she was pinned down, being held in place by numerous buxom ghosts, dragging her away from the finally-still corpse of Jack. Mark's muscles tensed as he prepared to jump.
