 Mark sat with his head in his hands. He had seen Sally pulled into the tent, but had heard nothing since then. The place seemed eerily quiet. Small bands of the buxom women - who Mark now knew were under the command of this 'clown' Julia told him about - roved the amusement park, trying to find Jessica.

He was pretty sure he was safe. If they saw him, they'd likely try and kill him, of course, but he doubted they'd give chase too hard when they realised Jessica wasn't with him. From what Julia said, the clown was after his busty friends, not him.

Even so, he was hardly relaxed. He has just seen one of his best friends stabbed and murdered in front of him, and then watched another dragged to her own doom, kicking and screaming. Anger bubbled up inside him, and he knew he needed to act.

The tent flap opened, and Mark froze. Peering through the darkness, he could make out shapes, and his blood ran cold as he realised one was a clown. He turned to Julia. "There he is!" he hissed, nodding his head towards the figure.

Julia moved next to him, and then slowly shook her head. "That's not him. He has a yellow costume, not a red one. That's another clown."

"There are two?" he said, wide-eyed. "I thought you said there was only one!"

"There was only one! I don't know who that is. Wait..." she started, craning her neck. "Mark, that's your friend."

He spluttered. "What?" The figure came closer, and the ice in Mark's veins melted in liquid fire. Rage filled him.

Drew.

The little piece of shit rat-faced pervert had tricked them. He had turned. "He's a fucking clown too!" he growled, horror and rage contorting his voice.

"I didn't know that could happen," Julia said aghast. "The clown always seemed too demented for companions."

Mark laughed sourly. "Drew was always a little fucking creep. It doesn't surprise me. I'm going to kill him."

"Who is he with?"

Mark realised Julia was right. Not only was he with two other figures, but he had his arms around their waists. Two beautiful buxom women strolled happily either side of him. "Holy shit. Holy fucking shit. That's Sally. He's got Sally. Holy shit."

Julia reached out, placing a hand on his shoulder. "I'm sorry, Mark. Truly. But there's nothing you can do now. She's one of them. She's... she's dead."

He looked at the brunette ghost. She was telling the truth, and he knew she was. There was nothing he could do for Sally now. Not beyond what he had decided to do the moment he had seen her dragged away. He was going to find out who was responsible for this mess, and he was going to kill them.

And that wasn't Drew, no matter how much he wanted to skin the little rat-faced pervert alive. That time might come, but for now he knew the real culprit was the clown; a man he didn't know, but about whom Julia had told him a lot. She had been very forthcoming about what she knew once she had realised she could trust him, but he supposed getting your sanity back after spending years as an undead sex slave would imbue a woman with sense of bitter enmity towards her murderer and tormentor. Mark knew where to find the clown. He and Julia would make things right.

After Drew and his thralls had disappeared on their search for Jessica, Mark unlocked the door of the rollercoaster building and slipped out into the night.

***

Kevin groaned as he lurched into the ferris wheel's tent, the flap falling down heavily behind him. Jessica patted him on the shoulder tenderly as she lowered him to the ground. He sat there, breathing in. His head ached, and he felt sick, but he was starting to recover. The pain was dulling a little, at least.

He watched as the well-stacked redhead he was with walked briskly towards the ferris wheel controls. She stared at them, biting her lower lip, before reaching out and gingerly pressing a button. The ferris wheel churned into life with a roar in the otherwise quiet night, a great clanging of metal as it started to turn. Music blared out, too, and it lit up, red and blue lights flashing wildly on its sides.

 "Shit!" she said, hurriedly pressing buttons. The lights flashed off and the music stopped, but the ferris wheel kept turning.

She spun back to Kevin and closed the gap quickly. "Get up, dude, we've gotta go. There's no way we can stay here now. They're definitely going to know where we are."

"We best leave then, hadn't we?" said a sweet voice at the tent flap, and Kevin groggily turned his head as Sally strode in. She beamed at them.

"Sally!" said Jessica, throwing her arms around her buxom friend. The sight of their twin sets of hooters crushed together almost pushed any lingering fuzziness out of Kevin's mind. Almost.

Jessica glanced around hurriedly. "What are you doing here, Sally? Where are the others? We've gotta go, I accidentally turned this thing on and they're all gonna know we're here."

"It's fine," Sally said soothingly. "The others are fine. They found a way out; we need to get going now."

"Where is it?" Jessica said, moving to help Kevin up. "Let me help Kevin."

"Don't worry about him," Sally said soothingly. "Jack and Mark will get him, they're just outside keeping watch. We need to get going."

"To where?"

"They found a gap in the perimeter. Quick, we should go!"

"Well, just call for Mark and Jack and we will!" Jessica said urgently, waving towards the tent flap.

Sally grimaced. "Look, there's no time for that. We'll get them when we go past. Come on, we've got to go."

Jessica stepped away and folded her arms. "I'm not going to leave Kevin here," she said flatly. "He saved my life."

"You won't," Sally sighed exasperatedly. "Mark and Jack are just outside."

"Then call them!"

Sally took a deep breath and closed her eyes, stepping towards Jessica and placing her hands on her shoulders. "Honey, look, you know you can trust me. Come on, why would I hurt you? My boyfriend is dead, Jess. The man I loved. You need to trust me and let me get us out of here."

"When you've helped Kevin."

With a screech Sally grabbed Jessica, roughly pulling her onto the floor. The redhead flailed, taken by surprise, and before Kevin knew what was going on Sally was dragging her from the tent.

He pushed himself to his feet. "Leave her alone!" he said, stumbling towards Sally.

A blow to his back knocked him to the ground for what felt like the millionth time that evening. He lay there, the wind taken out of him, and watched in horror as a man dressed as a clown darted past him towards Jessica.

"Yes, we've got her!" screeched a familiar voice. Kevin went cold when he recognised it as Drew's. Yet, something was different. It was squeakier, higher pitched. More manic.

The clown grabbed Jessica's arms, pulling her across the ground, and Kevin got a good look at him. It was really Drew. The little prick had lost it, and somehow fucked Sally over too. Everything was wrong. Everything was so fucked up. And now they were going to kill Jessica.

He pushed himself to his feet. Again. He stumbled towards them. Again.

This time he reached them. Drew cackled at the sight of him, woozy and unsteady, and stretched out a hand. He flicked Kevin on the nose.

In return, Kevin punched him in the face.

The clown that had been Drew collapsed to the ground with a grunt as Kevin's fist landed, and he turned to face Sally. Her mouth was contorted with rage, and she screamed as she flailed at him, punching wildly. He was beaten back by her relentless assault, still slightly dazed by the earlier blow to the head, and found himself driven steadily towards the ferris wheel.

He dropped to the floor, crawling away backwards from Sally's relentless onslaught. She stood over him, her chest heaving with her deep breaths, manic fury written on her face. Then she bent down, wrenching a metal pole from the base of the ferris wheel, where it had held up a sign proclaiming a free ice cream with every ride.

For the second time that evening, a beautiful blonde with massive tits stood over him, ready to deliver the killing blow.

And for the second time that evening, Jessica saved his life. She barrelled into Sally from the side, knocking her former friend off balance, sending her tottering towards the pit that housed the ferris wheel's machinery.

"You bitch!" the blonde said, stumbling. "You don't know what you're doing. Come with me, Jess. Live forever!"

"I'd rather just live," the redhead growled, giving Sally a final shove. The buxom blonde screamed as she tumbled into the pit, and Kevin flinched at the wet snapping sound that immediately followed. Then there was silence from the pit.

Not from the entrance to the tent, however, where Drew had climbed to his feet. He regarded them coldly, and opened his mouth to call for help.

Jessica was at him in a flash, swinging the metal pole that only moments before Sally had been about to crush Kevin's skull with. It connected with a crunching sound on Drew's face, a mist of blood spraying outwards from the impact. He yelped as he was thrown backwards, and as the pole came away it looked like Drew's face has been caved in. His breaths came in ragged gasps.

Kevin staggered to his feet. "Come on!" he said, grabbing Jessica's arm and hauling her towards one of the ferris wheel pods. It turned slowly, very slowly, and the first pod was still within reach to climb aboard. Kevin hauled himself up, his headache faded from the adrenaline of the fight, and then helped Jessica up. They gulped down air as the pod climbed into the night.

He stole one last glance into the tent as they were lifted above it, and his heart skipped a beat. Drew was gone.

***

Drew stumbled out into the night, cursing under his breath. His face felt mashed. He could feel blood running in rivers down the front of his body. Sucking in a breath felt like inhaling through treacle, and he sobbed loudly.

A hand on his shoulder made him stop, and he spun, flailing in its direction. Relief flooded through him at the sight of Laurie.

"You've got to help me," he wheezed, stepping towards her.

She smiled sweetly. "You've failed, honey." Then she stepped towards him.

Drew recoiled at the sight of the knife in her hands. "No, Laurie. I can still do this. Tell him I can still get her!"

The brunette didn't say a word as the blade sank into his chest.

***

Mark crept towards the main tent, keeping a watchful eye for any of the women under the clown's control. Julia walked out in the open a couple of dozen feet away, attracting the attention of anyone searching for Mark and his remaining friends. They would pass over her as one of the ghosts, and in doing so hopefully not see him.

At last, they came to the tent flap, and Julia opened it and nodded to Mark. With one last look over his shoulder to make sure no one could see him, he darted inside.

The inside was huge, cavernous even. Lights around the edges shone upwards at the canopy above them, casting great shadows across the space. Mark edged forwards. It was deserted.

"Where is he?" Mark said, turning to Julia.

"Where's who?" she smiled, before the rock in her grasp smashed him in the side of the head.

He fell to the ground, sprawling out onto his back on the dusty floor, spluttering as blinding pain seared through his skull. Julia stood over him, the rock falling from her grasp, and smirked. She tricked me! his mind screamed. Oh fuck, she tricked me.

His coughing ceased as an ethereal cackling filled the air, seemingly everywhere all at once. His vision swam, and he wretched, rolling over. Pushing himself to his knees, he froze.

A clown was stood next to Julia. Mark was not sure what he had been expecting. He knew the man was supposed to be a clown, but he supposed he had not actually been expecting one. He'd never understood some people's fear of clowns - to him a clown was an amusing children's entertainer - but he had to admit this one was sinister. He radiated pure malice, and the wicked grin on his face was just that: wicked.

"What do you bring me, Julia? This is not a busty -" the clown shivered at the word "- and beautiful woman."

"He wanted to see you. I thought you might like to let him," the brunette smiled back, her expression serene.

The clown roared with laughter, reaching around and placing his hand on Julia's arm. There, it slowly dropped until it was resting on one of her impressive pillows. "Good, good. I think I might have some fun. Drewy failed so miserably, did you know that? So disappointing, Julia baby." He giggled. "I think I'm going to have some fun!"

The clown flicked his wrist, and suddenly a knife was in his hand. His disturbing smile broadened.

"Are you going to kill him?" Julia said, staring venomously at Mark.

The clown turned to her. "Of course, Julia baby. Why?"

"Because I would like to do so. He tried to trick me into hating you, and he needs to know the price of that." She still had not broken eye contact with him.

The clown tittered, holding out the knife to Julia. "Oh, Julia. You were always one of my favourites. Go right ahead. I shall watch with glee-hee-hee!"

He danced over to Mark's side, crouching down over him. Julia followed. The clown glanced up at her, grinned, and then bent to stare directly into Mark's eyes.

"You must leave my girls alone," he said, mock-pouting. "Else you pay the price!" He did not pull away as Julia brought the knife down.

Mark winced as the blade flashed towards him. Its impact never came. Instead, a scream that tore right through him filled the night air, and he opened one eye to see the clown rearing up in agony. The knife protruded through his neck, blood spilling from the wound, and Julia simply stared. The expression on her face told of unadulterated hatred, and she did nothing to help as the clown flailed, gurgled, and then dropped to the floor. Moments later, he was dead.

Julia's face dropped as she turned to Mark, falling to her knees and crawling to his side. She cradled his head and hugged him. "I'm so sorry, Mark. I had to do it like that. He'd have known otherwise. I'm so sorry!"

Elation filled Mark, not least because her hug had buried his face in her gigantic cleavage, but also because he had succeeded. Or at least Julia had. The clown was dead.

"What now?" he asked, the sound muffled by Julia's hooters.

She pulled away and smiled. "Now, you leave. I don't know what happens to this place. It feels... different. Faded. I think... I think this is the end."

Mark slowly stood, staring down at Julia as she stood too. A look of happiness brightened her beautiful face. "Let's leave this tent."

She nodded in agreement and took his hand, guiding him back towards the entrance. The lights flickered. Julia paused a moment. "It's dying. This place is dying."

They hurried from the giant tent, out into the cool night air. It was still dark, but it somehow felt... fresher. Shadowy figures still roved about, but more aimlessly. They no longer seemed to be searching. They were wandering.

Julia giggled as she grabbed his hand and pulled him into a nearby stall. Mark looked around; it seemed to be a whack-a-mole type game. Was she going to suggest they hide in here?

After Mark had stepped through, Julia shut the stall door, sliding across the bolt. A tug on a hanging cord caused the window to slam closed. "You need somewhere to wait until dawn, even with the clown dead. You can't leave until then."

"That's not far off now."

She smiled as she stepped towards him. "It's not. So you won't have to wait long."

"I'm glad." He placed his hands on her shoulders. "Listen, Julia, you're free now. When dawn comes, leave with me."

The buxom brunette smiled sadly. "I can't, Mark. I'm dead. Ending this nightmare doesn't change that. I died on that rollercoaster. You can't bring me back to life."

"But... what will happen to you?" he said. She had helped save his life; he couldn't just abandon her.

She shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe I'll pass on somewhere. Maybe I'll cease to exist. But I do know I won't be in hell anymore, Mark. Thanks to you." She pressed herself against him. "There's just one last thing I want you to do before my time is up. Will you do one last thing for me?"

"What is it, Julia?"

"Make me feel alive."

Before he could ask Julia what she meant, she was kissing him, wrapping her arms around his neck and pressing her lips against his. He took a moment to return the kiss, stunned by her sudden advance, but she did not relent. Then he parted his lips, kissing back, and soon they were locked in a passionate embrace.

"Are you sure?" he said, breathless, as she pulled away. A wide smile was on her face.

As if in answer she kissed him again, and this time Mark did not hold back. His hands slid up the front of her body, grasping her amazing chest pillows, squeezing the orbs. They felt sublime in his palms, and he delighted in the softness under his fingers even through her thick cardigan.

It seemed like Julia had read his mind, because she pulled away then, unhooking the front of the cardigan and pulling it open. She was not wearing a top beneath - the cardigan obviously thick enough - and a lacy red bra was revealed to Mark's delighted eyes. He ran his fingers over it, feeling the texture beneath his hands, then grasped the globes again. She moaned.

Mark grinned as she reached behind her, unhooking the lingerie and letting those delightful hooters fall free. His hands were on them in an instant, feeling the nipple against his palm. She smiled wickedly as she pulled him down for another kiss. Her hands dropped to her pants, undoing the buckle and pushing them down, to leave her standing only in a pair of red panties.

Any linger fear of the park was washed away by the sight of Julia stood only in her underwear, her wonderful tits free. His eyes drank in the sight of her whilst his fingers explored her body. She grabbed his t-shirt, tugging it upwards and leaving him topless, and he did not resist as she swiftly followed that by removing his pants.

Soon they both stood in their underwear, and Mark grinned as Julia dropped to her knees. Her fingers hooked underneath the waistband of his boxers, pulling it over the bulge of his cock, and he groaned as she grasped his dick. Leaning forwards, her lips wrapped around his eager shaft.

She was good at this, he realised as her tongue immediately swirled around his tip. Her hands cupped his balls, playing with them as she deftly licked his dick, and soon she was kissing down the sides of his rigid member. Her green eyes shimmered with lust, and he stared into them, briefly breaking eye contact to gaze at her massive pillows, or the rest of her wonderful body.

Her mouth covered every inch of his dick, leaving it wet with her saliva, her fingers always wrapping themselves around the parts she wasn't currently kissing. Mark was in heaven, and he could feel himself getting close. She pulled away.

"Are you getting close, Mark?" she giggled. He nodded, and she smiled wickedly, standing up. "Well don't cum in my mouth. I have somewhere much better for you to fill with your jizz."

Her dirty talk set his blood aflame. She kissed him again, her naked tits pressed against his chest, and his hands went for her panties. He slid his fingers into the underwear, spreading her lips with his index finger and finding her soaking wet cunt. He pushed a digit inside her and she moaned.

"I want more than a finger," she whispered, dropping to her knees and bringing Mark with her. Moments later, they were lying together on the hard floor of the stall, and Mark was removing her red panties. Her pussy was revealed, with its well-trimmed patch of hair and pretty pink lips.

Mark knew what she wanted, and he wanted it too. Rolling over until he was on top of her, her found her cunt with his dick, and pushed inwards. She felt so good as her walls parted around his invasive length and he groaned. She reciprocated the noise, and he started to pump his hips. She might have been a ghost, but her pussy felt as good as any he had ever fucked before.
