 Bimbo Dolly

Joan stood staring in silent awe.

Olivia's perfect bronzed skin shimmered and sparkled in the flat florescent over lit bedroom. Her toned lean muscular form impossibly well balanced under her now doll like flawless completion.

"They get back around 6 right?" Joana said slowly, secretly hoping to get Olivia to turn and face her just to watch the twirl.

Olivia continued to gaze silently open mouthed into the bedroom mirror.

"Um sweetie, you going to be OK?" Joan hadn't gotten much out of her since she woke up at the clinic.

"OK, did they give you something to take? I mean what happened? You look so... OK so did they give you pills or anything?" 

Joan a little worried for her new friend but also mindful she was still on the clock and those packages were not going to deliver themselves. 

It was 1.30pm and her lunch break was closing on its second hour.

Olivia still dazed, gestured toward the tote bag from the NL Laser clinic. 

Inside Joan found a two large pump pack lotion bottles with an embossed, gilded card.

"Thank You for Choosing NL Laser Clinic

Perma-dye TM and Air bead 3d printed inserts TM technologies are guaranteed for 25 years. Your body alterations including skin elasticity will not change under normal wear. Keeping you looking as fresh as the day of your treatment. 

It is strongly recommended that you keep your skin healthy as possible, please apply our Aloe and Cocoa butter lotion to your entire body after every shower. 

Further after a period of ten days please apply the AlphaRetonomax TM before bed each night as well.

While your new skin tone and enhanced features won't ever fade with time like other cosmetic procedures, should you wish to change or add to your new look please book in for a new session and enjoy a 20% discount as a valued repeat customer."

Joan looked through the expensive looking packaging and didn't see anything else. 

Without any clue as to what was wrong with Olivia or even why she had chosen the 'treatment' she suggested Olivia take a shower and slipped out to finish her daily deliveries.

As Joan drove around the city making her deliveries her mind filled with memories and daydreams about Olivia and her new look.

Olivia had been receiving a package almost every day, sometimes two for the past two weeks. This was Joan's sector so she had delivered every one.

Each time Olivia invited her for a tea and they chatted. Both of them a little afraid to bring up what happened the first time she had 'tea' with Olivia. 

Both of them very much hoping that it would happen again.

Joan finished her run at 4pm and headed for Olivia's inner western Sydney home. 

She was concerned about Olivia but was glad she decided to put her number in Olivia's phone. 

~~~

"Dear? Deary? Your friend is here. I hope you don't mind, you fainted and we called the number you wrote on the form." 

Doctor Bran breaking open salts and feeling a little exposed that his first patient had collapsed for no known reason.

"Nurse, make sure she takes her gift pack and help her to her friend's car. 

I think we will use the after photos of ...we will need to push the promotional shoot to Friday to give Olivia some time to ...er... rest." 

The Doctor talking as he thought.

"...and Nurse? Don't disturb me for the next hour or so, I need to review the procedure data."

The Doctor's voice trailing off as he stepped into his control booth and loaded the footage of Olivia's treatment.

Olivia came around in the waiting room. Joan was standing over her.

"You OK sweetie?" Joan asked.

"I fwor I mos gebbing air memobal" Olivia fumbled through her puffy pout lips and veneered white teeth.

"Yes sweetie, it will take you a little while to get used to your new teeth... and lips... and ah ...lips" 

Joan admiring Olivia's pert nipples straining against her t shirt behind her new C cups.

"Bway did fsis, n I dbnt..." Olivia stopping mid-sentence realising she wasn't making any words but quite a lot of drool.

"Kibs... ...homb... ...6bm." Olivia explaining she needed to get home.

"OK sweetie I guess you want to go home. I mean how long have you... it's your body and you look great... why didn't you? ...let's get you home."

Joan a little confronted by Olivia's drastic transformation.

~~~

Joan used Olivia's keys to let herself back in. The top half of the house was covered in steamy mist.

"Ol, Olivia sweetie?" Joan called.

Joan walked in to find Olivia still standing hunched over in the shower.

"Ow, sweetie! Two and a half hours is just too long for a shower. Just tell me what happened?"

Joan forgetting momentarily about Olivia's speech.

"Iw foot is was lasa. LA-sa!" Olivia trying to explain only to get more disheartened at her inability to speak coherently.

"Don't talk honey. Let's get you dried and you can have a lie down or something." 

Joan unable to stop staring at Olivia's perfect body shimmering in the shower cubicle.

Olivia lifted a fluffy towel off the shelf and didn't seem to remember what to do with it. 

Joan took over and gently wiped down Olivia's face and neck before wrapping the towel around her damp hair.

Olivia blinked away some lint and blinked another thirty or more times. Her new eyelids very taught and springy.

Joan looked into Olivia's perfectly sculpted face and got lost for a moment. Gorgeous, so doll like and perfect. Joan was falling for the helpless Olivia doll a little harder.

As Joan carefully dried Olivia top to bottom, she noticed that not only had her body hair gone but her skin had a kind of golden brown glow.

~~~

Dr Bran started up the video playback:

The medical chair collapsed away as Olivia was lifted into the air. Her palms and feet glued in place and she was now suspended skydiving style in the robot theater clean room. 

Her paper gown tore free as she floated up. 

Olivia's small breasts swayed and giggled in unison as she glided into position.

Firstly a blue laser swept over her whole body causing an aura of light. 

Olivia could see the glow through her closed eyes and a tingle of electricity from the TENS signal.

After a few seconds she smelled burning hair. 

The Numbing electrical signal pulsed and locked her muscles taught with a short pause a tenth of a second, every second.

The first laser pass removed any red imperfections and all body hair including pubic and eyebrows down to inactivating the follicles.

A follow up sweep from the robot arm blew compressed air over her to remove the loose hair. 

Olivia giggled through her mouth guard as the arm crisscrossed her whole body with cold tickly air.

Another arm pushed her forehead up making a little fold of skin along her hairline.

A second arm trimmed the folded skin and sealed the wound with a laser and a layer of internal hot glue. 

Olivia's eyelids got the same treatment and the edges of her eyes and mouth were widened a similar way.

Olivia felt a cold metal probe up her nose but could not flinch in the immobilizing embrace of the electrical signal.

In one action a thin layer of bone and cartilage was vaporised inside her nose leaving it perfectly straight and symmetrical.

Next Olivia felt a hard push from either side of her lips. The robot shot polymer sacks in for tiny hollow silicone beads. Her lips pouted and curled like a comic book pinup girl as the beads pumped in. 

The sensation was not painful, just a pressure. The electrical signal took away pain but also the ability to move and was making it hard to breath.

Olivia wondered how much longer it would take. And what exactly was going on.

Another hard push, this time from either side of her chest.

"Olivia dear, can you hear me? It's Dr Bran." Dr Bran using the intercom as he monitored the procedures.

"Yiffm" Olivia replied through the mouthguard.

"It's OK you can stop biting now. I just wanted to say, we are so confident about our airbead implants innovation we guarantee that your lips and breasts won't sag or harden for your whole life." The Doctors voice sounding quite practiced.

"Mffmmm" Olivia started to say something but it just felt futile.

"That's right dear, just let the robot work." Dr Bran switching off the intercom with a clack.

Olivia's recent diet and exercise routine had left her with a toned beautiful body but had also reduced her former B cup breasts to little more than A cups. 

The robot continued filling her chest to a perfect tear drop C cup.

A final visit from the robot arm injected firm silicone tubular forms under both nipples lifting them to a permanent perk.

"That's it for the implants dear, you're doing really well." Dr Bran assured.

~~~

"Hmmm, I guess you will tell me in your own time." Joan a little confused.

"Ugh" Olivia trying to communicate in gestures gestured to the bedroom and the open tote bag from NL laser clinic.

Joan walked out to get the bag and guessed that Olivia wanted the body lotion.

Olivia wanted to tell Joan she thought she was getting a free laser treatment, like removing some freckles or something like that. 

She had no idea what NL was going to do tanning make up tattooing and breast and lip implants.

When Olivia didn't take the lotion and looked a bit miffed Joan thought she wanted Joan to put the lotion on.

Olivia giggled when Joan pumped a big dollop into her hands with a farting sound and shrieked when she started rubbing it into her shoulders. 

Joan pulled back but Olivia decided this was... ...OK with her and guided Joan's hand around her shoulders and neck.

Joan seductively made her way up Olivia's neck and circled her pouty cherry lips. Olivia's eyes fluttered impossibly fast. 

Joan effortlessly dropped her clothes to the floor.

Joan gently massaged in the lotion with her fingertips and the two women's nipples touched.

Both let out a little gasp, both surprised by the firmness and the pleasant feeling of warmth.

Joan took another pump of lotion without breaking their lovers' gaze.

Olivia leaned in for a soft open mouth kiss. 

Joan continued to massage Olivia's body with the sweet smelling lotion. 

Olivia moaned into Joan's mouth and took a squirt of lotion to caress Joan's porcelain white torso.

The two women hugging and massaging lotion into each other with growing ferocity.

Joan kissed Olivia's chocolaty body down to her knee and massaged lotion from her feet up, preceding each swish of lotion with soft pecking kisses.

Olivia began to shake with anticipation as Joan approached her hairless bronzed pussy. 

Olivia tried to pull her up to change positions. 

Joan resisted, a little shy, a little fearful of disappointing Olivia with her less than perfect body.

The confidant force Joan used to begin the oral sex with Olivia being a rush for both of them.

Joan had girlfriends in the past but none as bold and exotic as Olivia seemed. 

Olivia had admired beautiful strong women her whole life but never thought of it as a sexual thing before. Not consciously anyway. 

Joan's strong, angular, Slavic features, her muscular frame and wonderful coarse powerful hands now becoming idealised in Olivia's mind.

Olivia thrusted into Joan's face and almost knocked her onto the tiled bathroom floor. 

Joan grabbed Olivia's ass and gave it a little pinch as revenge. 

Olivia pulled Joan up and kissed her hard.

Joan realised Olivia had probably never had sex with a woman before and led her out of the bathroom down the hall and into bed.

Joan slid Olivia the wrong way under the covers and climbed on top. 

Olivia eager to return the joy Joan had given her took a big mouth full of Joan's pussy. 

Joan lifted off like a cat rearing up.

"No, no sweetie, like this." Joan whispered caressing Olivia's clit softly with her mouth.

The two women locked into synchronised rhythm, a beautiful yin yang of limbs, breasts, hair, and tongues. 

Each woman teasing out every last drop of pleasure from each other, the feedback loop perfect and ever intensifying.

Olivia felt herself breaking into climax, she kissed Joan's pussy harder and moaned desperately. 

Joan moaned right back, punishing Olivia's pussy with her powerful lips.

Joan let out a deep and low pitched grunt like she had been punched. The sound frightened Olivia, pushing her over the edge to cum loudly an instant later.

Joan spun Olivia the right way around in the bed and the two cuddled.

Ten minutes later and Olivia was almost asleep.

Joan, still riding the buzz of their first sex was even more curious about the cosmetic surgery than ever. 

She sneaked a look at Olivia's phone. 

The photo gallery was mostly of her kids and her ex. 

There were a few snaps of Olivia. 

A few recent selfies in front of the mirror, the last one just yesterday. 

Olivia looked sexy and confident with messy hair and pixie like freckled face but also so different with tiny lips, pale pinkish skin, and little boobs.

As Joan went back through the older pictures there were less selfies and more just random shots of places. 

She scrolled back to the last selfie and posted it to herself.

The soft photo click sound of sending images woke Olivia from her semi sleep.

"Ah." Olivia making a timid but disapproving noise.

"Oh no missy, you don't get to play shy now. After what you did today..." Joan giving one of Olivia's new nipples a little tweak.

Olivia looked so embarrassed and unbelievably cute Joan took a picture with Olivia's phone and sent that to herself too. 

The flash lighting up Olivia's reflective skin and briefly projected a playboy style silhouette from under the satin sheets.

"Ah." Olivia repeated with a grabbing motion.

Joan held the phone out of reach for a second to tease her.

Olivia rolled on top of Joan pinning her down with a naughty smirk and snatched the phone.

Opening up the messaging function she texted:

"U R SO HOT!"

Joan's phone beeped and she said:

"Ow, look who's talking."

Olivia typed:

"WANT2SAY S0 MUCH2U." and held it up to show Joan. Before:

"SUMTHING RONG WITH TEETH AND LIPS > CAN,T TALK PROPLY"

Joan read and nodded. She briefly thought about typing her answers back just to tease her but felt a little sorry for her puffy broken friend.

"I know sweetie, with all the surgery you had today I am surprised you are not in hospital right now." 

Joan whispered in a caring tone.

"DIDN,T WNT SUGRY." Olivia typed.

"-OKaay-, sweetie it's been a long day for you..." Joan reassured.

"NO BIG BILL AND HVE2 SELL RIDER." Olivia typed.

"Who is Big Bill?" Joan asked in a slightly less understanding tone.

"NOT WHO! MONEY BILL4CLOTHES." Olivia typed with growing frustration.

"You mean the deliveries? You didn't buy them just to see me did you?" Joan sounding a little flattered and looking embarrassed.

"NO DIDN,T BUY." Olivia typed wishing she could type half as fast as her mind was racing.

She wanted to explain that she didn't know how she ordered the clothes and she liked them all but when the bill came it was over $5000 on her card. 

When she emailed the company they said there was no refund but if she agreed to try out a Laser clinic, do some promotional shots and sell the New-life Rider for them in Melbourne she could make back the money in just a few days.

There was a page of legal disclaimers about use of image non-disclosure and intellectual property but she was panicked about the huge bill so she just agreed without reading it. 

She though it would be removing freckles or a wrinkle treatment or something.

Joan could tell Olivia was thinking and wanted to say something important.

"Oh hey sweetie, just breath, start from the beginning." Joan said calmly.

Olivia thought back to when she went in to the clinic:

Inside the clinic the Olivia was photographed and given a paper gown and hair net. 

She was sat in a strange reclining medical chair. 

The attendant painted her palms and soles of her feet with a clear gel and told to press them flat against the panels of the chair.

The attendant explained:

"Just close your eyes for a minute while I paint your lashes." Said the attendant and painted her lashes with the same clear gel.

Olivia had expected them to ask her what she would like done and felt like telling them a laser hair removal would be OK.

The attendant clipped something on Olivia's lashes and she could not open her eyes.

"Oh honey not yet. Don't try to move until the gel sets. Better if you try not to move at all."

Olivia starting to get a little nervous.

"Now when you feel the chair move, just go with it, you will feel a tingle from the TENS current but it won't be painful." 

The attendant continued.

"The procedure will take around an hour, but the Perma-dye will take another hour to set properly."

Olivia guessed she would get a hair do as well, and two hours wasn't that bad after all.

"Is she at stage two?" a male voice asked.

"One more minute Dr Bran." Answered the Asian female middle aged attendant.

"Oh, wow, it's great to see you Olivia." Said Dr Bran.

"Um, yes?" replied Olivia.

"I mean to say... My name is Albert Bran and we couldn't be happier that you agreed to be the first to try the full treatment.

"Hmm." Olivia becoming less confident.

"We received the source image and our computer modelling is an excellent match if I do say so myself." 

Doctor Bran's voice lifting with pride.

"Dr Bran?" Olivia voicing doubt but not sure what to say.

"Olivia, did you use the toothpaste we sent you this morning?" Interrupted the Doctor.

"Yes Doctor. But." Answered Olivia.

"You are feeling apprehensive. That's understandable with such a big change. But I think I can put your mind at ease." Interrupted Dr Bran again.

"Thank you Dr." Olivia mumbled meekly.

"We keep the cost down and offer unprecedented safety and accuracy in two ways. We use... Open..."

Dr Bran slipped a mouth guard into Olivia's mouth.

"Mdoc..." Olivia began to speak.

"No Dear, just bite down for the next minute so the frame forms into the right shape. OK. Good girl. 

What was I saying? ...oh yes the system: We don't need to use anaesthetic because we can run a TENS signal through those plates at your hands and feet. 

That way we are registered as a cosmetic therapy not cosmetic surgery. I can't tell you what a saving that is just on its own."

Olivia thought the Doctor sounded OK but worried about what was happening but worried more about what would happen if she stopped biting down.

"Secondly and most impressively we use a surgical robot and an industrial laser system to conduct the pinhole procedures in a sterile error free environment." The Doctor concluded.

"Wait, procedure, pinhole?" Olivia was thinking this sounded bad.

"OK dear we are all set." The Doctor finished.

Olivia still couldn't open her eyes. She felt the seat fall away and a weird feeling of movement.

And she was inside the robot operating theater...

~~~

Joan had waited patiently for some kind of response from Olivia but it was clear her mind was in full flashback mode.

"It's OK sweetie, take your time." Joan said a little impatiently.

The last thing Olivia could remember was:

A snip and re-join to shorter her Achilles tendons left her with a bulbous calf and permanent tip toe point.

The lack of oxygen and the suspended position was starting to panic Olivia. Another round of laser light removed the top uneven layers of skin and left Olivia's skin completely wrinkle free and pink raw.

The robot arms returned and after another lap of the compressed air the arms started painting.

Olivia's pale pinky white skin was being painted a deep bronze with metallic sparkle.

A lighter shade of bronze highlighted her facial features and body contours like the tops of her breasts, shoulders and ass cheeks. 
