 [pre-story]Hey there, squish here, with another chapter of By The Horns! Well, it's finally done! I'd have thought a story like this would pretty much write itself, but seem it's a little harder than I was giving it credit for. I'd say the final product's worth it, though. Anyways, let me know what you think in the comments![/pre-story]

 Content Warnings: Unrealistic anatomy, huge penis, excessive cum, cervical penetration, magic, minotaur, elves...

Chapter 3: A Duo's Desires

 Silvermoon City shone like a jewel in the light of the afternoon sun, the entire city gleaming brilliant gold, pale ivory, and vivid crimson. The Sun's golden rays filtered down through an impossible skyline, towering ornate spires and levitating buildings casting long shadows on the immaculate streets below. It was a city of mystic marvels, from animated street-sweeping brooms, to giant floating emeralds, to the elegant yet formidable arcane guardians that patrolled alongside its guards. But even its most grandiose features paled in comparison to the glorious sight of Sunfury Spire, the immense ivory-and-gold royal palace towering over the lesser spires like a monarch in its own right. It was a thing of beauty, enormous and opulent, bearing the finest and most spectacular architectural flourishes and crowned with massive, gleaming gold wings. Among all the wondrous and beautiful sights of Azeroth, truly, Silvermoon City was the crowning jewel. An island of beauty, peace, and luxury in a raging sea of war, brutality, and chaos.

 "Ugh, this city is the worst. So boring!" Elaana lamented with an exaggerated roll of her brilliantly glowing emerald-green eyes.

 "Ugh, I know, right?" Zalaana agreed.

 The Dawnspear twins descended the ramp from Sunfury Spire to the Court of the Sun in unison, a pair of nearly-identical young blood elves, radiantly beautiful in an effortless, almost-too-perfect way. They had the same pale, flawless skin; the same slender, graceful build; the same elegant, refined facial features; the same silky, golden-blonde hair; the same glowing, emerald-green eyes; the same long, pointed ears, decorated with the matching sets of emerald studs along their length. Their makeup matched too, their full lips painted the same shade of vivid, eye-catching crimson, their eyes expertly accented to give their gaze a sultry smolder. They even dressed identically, though that was more the school's fault for requiring uniforms than it was theirs. They wore glossy black school shoes over white knee-high sock that left the contours of their long, shapely legs bare; red pleated skirts that wrapped tight around their tiny waists and hung off their generous hips and tight, round butts; and white button-up tops, left unbuttoned just enough to flash tantalizing glimpses of their ripe, blossoming breasts, easily the two most impressive sets in the school. The only way to tell the two apart was their hair, Elaana's trimmed at jaw-length and neatly styled, while Zalaana's was kept long and pulled back into a ponytail, leaving just enough free to elegantly frame her face. 

 "Nothing happens here! It's always the same, home, then school, then the bar, then home again, over and over and over..." Elaana continued to complain as her sister nodded along to the familiar rant. "The same boring classes, the same boring drinks, the same boring boys, the same boring toys..." She listed, letting the words trail off into a heavy sigh as she shook her head and looked to her sister. "I need something new, Z, tonight, or I'm gonna go out of my mind. And then you're gonna have to take care of your poor insane sister until I die of the crazies." She lamented, putting her the back of her hand to her forehead in a melodramatic 'woe-is-me' gesture. 

 Zalaana smirked for a moment. "I love you, sis, but I'd have a pillow on your face within a week." She replied, chuckling softly and shaking her head for a moment. She put on a thoughtful expression. "Hmmm... How about Professor Firehawk?" She suggested.

 Elaana shook her head. "He's boring too. He was fun at first, but now it just doesn't have the same thrill..." She sighed.

 Zalaana frowned. "Yeah, the divorce kinda ruined it..." She muttered, looking thoughtful again for a moment before her face brightened suddenly. "Oh, that shipment from pandaria should be here! We could head home and try some of them out while Mom and Dad are away..." She offered, wiggling her eyebrows suggestively.

 Elaana sighed again, looking into space for a moment before answering. "...I dunno. Fingers, tongues, and toys are nice, but I'm in the mood for something more...male, you know?" She asked, looking back at her sister.

 Zalaana nodded, frowning a little. "Yeah, I get it... Well, we could always go to The Sanctum. I bet a Felguard would scratch that itch nicely..." She suggested, grinning.

 Elaana smirked slightly, but didn't look hopeful. "Tempting... but I'd bet they're booked solid by now." She digressed, tone sinking with disappointment.

 Zalaana narrowed her eyes at her moping sibling. "Well, we're not gonna find out standing here! Come on!" She chided, grabbing Elaana by the dainty, manicured hand and pulling her along toward the shadowy archway on the far side of the Court of the Sun.

 The arched entrance to the covered street loomed like the mouth of a great beast, fittingly, as it led to the city's shadowy underbelly. Maps and officials still called it Augur's Row, but the residents knew the dimly-lit and poorly-maintained street by a much more fitting name; Murder Row. Faint blue streetlights lit a boulevard where the city's fel addicts, drunkards, criminals, and whores all gathered together where they could be conveniently ignored by those in charge. Brooms rarely came through, leaving shards of glass to pile up in the gutters, and guards pretended it didn't exist. Children were warned to avoid it, but it was rarely spoken of. Ultimately, nearly everyone found themselves walking Murder Row at some point, looking for something unsavory. And if you saw a familiar face while you were there, you just looked the other way, because admitting the meeting meant admitting you were there, too.

 The Sanctum was right near the entrance to the row, easily recognizable by the tall, narrow archways shrouded in billowing, transparent midnight blue curtains. An imperious-looking warlock in crimson robes stood by the entrance, his stoic demeanor a sharp contrast to the violet-skinned succubus prancing around in front of him, striking provocative poses for passing men. As the twins approached, the warlock caught sight of them, a look of recognition crossing his face, and grinned. "Welcome back, ladies..." He greeted, sweeping the sheer curtain aside with one arm and gesturing them inside with a small flourish.

 Suddenly, the streetlight beside the building was suddenly eclipsed by a looming silhouette. "A-hem." The figure cleared its throat in a deep, baritone voice, and all three elves looked in its direction at once. Their eyes fell upon an eight-foot square-shouldered wall of gleaming silver and gold armor, crowned with a pair of long, wickedly pointed horns. The figure stepped closer, away from the streetlight, massive, iron-shod hooves clopping on the pavement as the shadows faded away to reveal the tauren's features in more detail, from his long, braided beard to his scars. His dark-furred brow furrowed as his icy blue eyes regarded the warlock with a look of suspicion. A gauntleted hand rose, coming to rest on the pommel of the mace hanging off his belt, its spherical golden head as large as any one of the elf's heads. 

 His gaze shifted off the warlock and onto the twins, his expression softening somewhat. "Pardon me, ladies." He began, his deep, powerful voice sounding like the rumble of distant thunder, breaking the silence that had settled over the group. "But is this man... bothering you?" He asked, gaze sliding back over to the warlock as he narrowed his eyes.

 Zalaana squared her shoulders, ready to unleash a rant on the would-be do-gooder and tell him to mind his own business in no uncertain terms, but suddenly she felt her sister's hand on her shoulder, silently telling her to wait. Elaana pushed past her, stepping closer to the massive tauren and putting on a doe-eyed look as she looked up at him. "Oh, no, sir!" She spoke, her voice almost saccharine as she put on her best 'sweet and innocent' act. Zalaana had to admit, she seemed to be laying it on a little thick, especially once she started absently curling a stray lock of blonde hair around her finger. "He was just going to show us how to do some cool magic tricks!" Elaana elaborated, doing her best to sound excited and naive while still squarely placing suspicion on the warlock.

 The tauren turned to more squarely face the warlock as the robed elf looked positively betrayed. "Wh- No! I- I wasn't- They-!" he stammered in objection, eyes going wide as he took a half step back toward the arch. The tauren's eyes narrowed, his thick, gauntleted fingers slowly closing around the shaft of his massive mace. The warlock swallowed, suddenly making a swift and unceremonious retreat into the building beneath the bull's withering glare, his succubus following quickly on his heels.

 The dark-furred stranger shook his head and turned toward the twins once again, his expression softening. "I don't think you two should be in this neighborhood." He commented, letting go of his mace and crossing his arms over his broad chest. 

 Elaana looked down, demurely. "I guess you're right... Maybe you could escort us?" She asked, looking up at him hopefully.

 The tauren arched an eyebrow, glancing pointedly toward the archway just paces away.

 Zalaana stepped forward, coming to her sister's rescue. "See, we're going out into the woods, and it might be dangerous..." She explained, hastily.

 Elaana nodded eagerly. "Yes! The mana worms are spawning, you know." She added.

 The tauren looked sceptical for a moment. "If it's so dangerous, why go?" 

 Elaana hesitated for a moment, wracking her brain for a plan. "Well... we just wanted to... have a picnic! A beach picnic, while we watched the sun go down!" She clarified, Zalaana nodding in agreement at her side.

 The tauren looked... unconvinced. 

 Seeing his hesitation, Elaana made one final, desperate play. "We can pay!" She offered, perhaps a little more enthusiastically than necessary. "You're an adventurer, right? We can hire you! Escort us there safely, and we'll pay you. Easy money, right?"

 The tauren was silent for a moment, looking them over appraisingly, the twins putting on their most innocent smiles as they looked up at him, doe-eyed and eager, subtly pushing their chests out. Finally, his arms uncrossed, and he shrugged. "Alright, alright. You have a deal." He said, holding out a massive armored hand to shake.

 The two sisters' grinned even wider, first at him, then at each other. Elaana swiftly stuck her hand out, her delicate digits disappearing into his hand as they shook. "I'm Elaana Dawnspear, and this is my sister, Zalaana." She said, gesturing to her sibling and looking back at him again. "And you are?"

 "Rhuno. Rhuno Sunheart." The dark-furred tauren replied in his deep, rumbling voice, bowing slightly. "At your service, ladies."

 -----

 Rhuno sighed, shifting in place as he sat with his back against the trunk of a small tree, the only notable feature of the tiny, grassy isle just off the coast that the twins had led him to. The trip out had been uneventful, the twins whispering and giggling between themselves as the three of them strolled through the woods, until they'd come to the water's edge. It was only a short swim from the beach to the isle, so it wasn't terribly unpleasant, but he'd had to shed his armor to make it, leaving him in wet frostweave. Once they'd made it to the isle, the girls had handed him a handful of gold, used a little magic to dry him off and conjure up some food and drink for them all, and invited him to join. He'd refused at first, but the girls were quite insistent about repaying him for his earlier rescue. He raised a bottle to his lips and took another drink as he looked out over the water at the brilliant reds and oranges of the setting sun. Conjured beer didn't actually taste all that bad, it seemed. He had to admit, overall, this was pretty nice.

 The girls had been pretty wild at first, playing and splashing in the shallow water, singing and dancing on the land, and drinking quite a bit of conjured beer. Rhuno felt a little like a babysitter for a couple rambunctious kids, but these two were constantly reminding him just how adult they were. It seemed wherever he looked, he got an eyeful of youthful bodies, perky chests, tight butts, and shapely legs. They'd rolled up their sleeves and tied up their tops as soon as they'd reached the water, leaving their midriffs bare and emphasizing their already-impressive breasts. As soon as they got wet, the white fabric had turned scandalously sheer, to the point that he could see the color of their rosy pink nipples, tender buds stiff from the cold. 

 As the girls drank, they got a little more daring. Playful banter turned to dirty jokes, subtle flirting, and not-so-subtle teasing. 'Accidents' started to happen, where one of the girls would flash him a glimpse of her underwear, or bend over a little too far to show him a mouth-watering view of her cleavage, or even have their top come untied and fall open to give him an eyeful of her perfect breasts. Eventually, they'd settled down, only to come out of the water and sit with him, those toned, youthful bodies he'd been trying not to look at all afternoon suddenly nuzzled up against him on either side.

 His will was tested, to be certain. Normally, he wouldn't hesitate, especially with the prospect of fulfilling every man's fantasy, sleeping with a pair of identical teenage twins, before him. But it was clear that these two were playing a game, and he couldn't be sure if he was a player, the prize, or just being played. He knew if he reacted, the game would be over, but he wasn't sure if that meant he'd get lucky, if they'd turn on him and say he attacked them, or what. Plus, he had to admit, it was a little fun to see how far they'd go to get a rise out of him.

 At the moment, Zalaana had wrapped her arms wrapped around one of Rhuno's thick, muscular limbs, a small hand playfully squeezing his granite bicep and cooing appreciatively, pressing her breasts against him in a way that could almost be an accident. Meanwhile, Elaana's hand had abandoned the where it had come to rest, slowly creeping its way up his thigh, moving toward his groin inch by inch. Rhuno simply looked out over the water toward the splendor of the sunset, considering his options. There weren't many. He could stand up and walk away right now, he could do nothing and let himself be their toy, or he could so something reckless and probably stupid. He raised his conjured beer to his lips once more, swiftly draining the bottle. Reckless was sounding pretty good right about now...

 Rhuno took the now-empty bottle and held it out in front of Elaana. "Hold this, will you?" He asked, casually. Elaana blinked in mild surprise, hand coming up to take it automatically. "Thanks. Needed a free hand." He replied, and before she could think, his now empty hand was behind her, thick, calloused digits weaving through her still-wet hair, cradling the back of her head. Wordlessly, he turned her face toward his and leaned in, pressing his lips to hers in an unexpected kiss. Her glowing emerald eyes went wide for a moment, only to slowly flutter closed as the kiss deepened and she began to return it in earnest.

 Zalaana grinned wickedly, watching as the kiss unfolded before her eyes. "Fucking finally..." She muttered under her breath. There was no reply, the two of them too occupied to spare her a retort. 

 Still cradling her head, Rhuno's arm coiled around Elaana as they kissed, then suddenly flexed, effortlessly pulling her whole body closer. Her legs scrabbled for a moment as she was abruptly shifted around from his side to his front, before finding a spot, straddling his muscular thigh. Her hand still lingered there, just inches from the meaty bulge between his thighs, unmoving, forgotten in the heat of the moment. She pressed herself forward, her perfectly perky breasts flattening against his powerful chest as the kiss grew deeper still, her soft, red lips parting, her tongue eagerly probing at his lips. 

 Rhuno let his lips part, his tongue pushing forward to meet Elaana's, the tip of the thick pink muscle flicking and swirling around her eager tongue. Their tongues danced in harmony for a moment, but soon his movements grew more aggressive, more forceful, pushing deeper into her mouth and coiling around her tongue, effortlessly dominating the kiss with sheer size and strength. She whimpered into the kiss, momentarily overwhelmed, her free hand rising up to perch lightly on his muscular chest as her dextrous tongue wrestled ineffectively with his. Suddenly, here was movement beside her, and the tauren froze. She took the opportunity to retreat, pulling her head back, breaking the kiss, panting slightly as she glanced over to see the reason for his sudden hesitation. 

 Zalaana had come to her rescue once again, shifting around to mirror her sibling and straddle Rhuno's other thigh, pressing her breasts against his chest and grinning up at him mischievously. One hand was between his legs, her slender fingers cupping and squeezing the enormous bulge between his thighs. The other swiftly came up, grabbing the tauren's braided beard like a handle and pulling until he faced her. "It's not nice to ignore people..." She purred, her voice sultry, her gaze smoldering, only to tug his beard down, crane her neck up, and kiss him forcefully. 

 Zalaana's kiss was much like her sister's, but she had the initiative, she set the pace. Her lips were just as soft, and they pressed against Rhuno's with the same lustful hunger. Their tongues danced and coiled in passionate combat with one-another, but each time his stronger tongue moved to gain the upper hand, she would give it a sharp nip with her teeth, forcing it to retreat, maintaining control. All the while, her hand continued to explore the ludicrous bulge at his groin. She had thought it might be some elaborate codpeice of some sort, but with each passing second and each hint of life and warmth from the stirring titan held within the frostweave prison, she became less and less convinced. 

 Elaana's hand soon joined her sister's, groping and rubbing at the titanic bulge between Rhuno's legs, her gaze riveted to it. He was... immense. It couldn't be real. But as she stared down at it in wide-eyed disbelief, she could see it twitch, pulse, and strain against the fabric beneath her feather-light touches, and disbelief became awe. She knew he'd be big, from the moment she saw him, but this... this was far beyond her wildest fantasies. He must have been even bigger than a felguard! Something inside her squeezed as she felt it grow even larger, but whether it was from fear or anticipation, she couldn't tell.

 There was a soft smack as Zalaana pulled her lips from Rhuno's, breaking the long, lustful kiss and smirking devilishly. Casually, she gave his growing bulge a playful squeeze. "Impressive..." She purred appreciatively, her hand letting go of his beard, floating up to perch lightly upon one broad, muscular shoulder. She walked her fingertips across the granite shelf, until they came upon the clasp holding his collar together. One slender digit idly tugged at it for a moment. "But I want to see it..." She breathed, her gaze smoldering as she twisted her fingers and undid the clasp, his collar sagging, suddenly loose.
