 [Pre-Story]Hey there, Squish here, with the long-awaited continuation of By The Horns! This chapter is, frankly, massive. It grew WAY bigger than I expected, 25k words, altogether, so I figured it would be wise to break it up into a couple parts. Anyways, I hope you enjoy!

Disclaimer: All characters are 18+

Content Warnings: Impossible anatomy, huge cock, excessive cum, size difference, extreme stomach bulge, cumflation, impregnation.[/pre-story]

*****

Unlikely Adversaries, Part 2

As eager as Rhuno was to get started fucking the sexy little goblin's brains out, the more rational portion of his mind suggested that the middle of the main lab was probably not the best place to continue this. He'd already made quite the mess, after all, and he didn't want to make it worse. He dipped down, bending at the knees, making Ginny gasp and cling to his massive coal-black cock for stability as he scooped Glitz up in one massive three-fingered hand, effortlessly lifting her off her feet. With both the girls secured, he turned and began to walk, iron-shod hooves clomping heavily as he carried them as smoothly as possible across the room, then up the stairs and around the corner. He ducked through a dented door frame and straightened up again, coming to a stop at the foot of the bed he'd slept in the night before.

Ginny gave a small whimper as Rhuno suddenly withdrew his thick finger from her dripping pussy and pulled her away from his throbbing shaft, setting her down, gently, on the mattress. The curvy gnome girl swiftly settled into place, pushing herself up to kneel on the sheets, juicy thighs squeezing together, trying to ease the aching absence of his finger in her pussy, the tender lips framed with a patch of soft, pink fuzz. From this angle, he couldn't even see her tapered waist, her massively oversized chest completely eclipsing it. And what a chest it was, massive, milky-white pillow-soft tits the size of her head, rising and falling with every breath, jiggling softly with each tiny movement ,the pale pink nipples crowning each mound hard as pebbles. She stared at him, her big, innocent-looking blue eyes riveted to the towering, throbbing shaft of his cock, teeth sinking slightly into her plush lip, the look of raw lust on her face at odds with her almost childish face and bright pink poofy pigtails.

With both the location and the gnome taken care of, Rhuno's full attention turned to Glitz. His eyes locked with hers, the pink orbs staring up at him as she sat in his palm, and the green-skinned goblin girl bit her plush lip, the pillowy dick-suckers painted a bright turquoise to match her short updo. Her long, pointed ears each bore a trio of golden rings, with gauged plugs in her earlobes bearing enormous, glittering stones. A shiver of anticipation ran down her spine as she saw the raw lust burning in his eyes, and his eyes followed the shiver down, taking in the her body from head to toe. Her breasts, twin globes of flawless, emerald flesh, gravity-defying spheres almost as big as her head that sat high and proud on her narrow chest, too big for her body but perfectly shaped and capped with long, forest green nipples, each suckable bud pierced through with twin golden barbells. His gaze roamed down to her narrow, slender waist and flat, slightly toned stomach, her rounded hips and shapely thighs. Though he couldn't see her ass, he could feel it in his palm, tight and firm. Between her thighs, her smooth-shaven slit was clearly visible, the emerald lips glistening with her own juices, practically dripping with lust. 

Ginny watched from the bed as Rhuno moved Glitz into position. 'Manhandling' seemed very appropriate, and yet, insufficient to describe the effortless ease with which the massive bull handled the goblin girl. She weighed practically nothing to him, less than the weapon he wielded day in and day out. He simply shifted her from one calloused hand to the other, then back again, turning her over and laying her forward in the process. He cradled her in his palm, his thumb and pinky could have probably closed around her waist with a little squeeze, but he was content to simply grip her hips firmly between them, his forefinger going up to her chest, fingertip resting between her perfectly perky emerald mounds. Her arms and legs dangled uselessly, far from the ground as he moved her body into position, her glistening emerald lips soon poised at the tip of his monstrous, coal-black bull-cock. She looked like a doll compared to his enormous hand, a living toy, a tool to be used for his pleasure... Ginny bit her lip, suddenly struck by a pang of unexpected envy.

Glitz was no lifeless toy, however, she was eager, impatient for what came next. She looked back over her shoulder with a grin and reached back, her hand grabbing one shapely ass-cheek and pulling it aside while the other delved between her shapely thighs and spread her glistening emerald lips to bare the inviting pink depths within. "Come on, big guy, slam that fucking monster into me! I know you wanna feel this tight little goblin pussy stretch around you, and I need to feel you fill me with more way-too-fat tauren cock than I could possibly take, so just fucking do it already!" She challenged, squirming in his grasp. 

Rhuno said nothing, he simply huffed through his nose, like a bull ready to charge, and pulled Glitz' eager, writhing body down until the orange-sized tip of his fearsome weapon ground against her drooling, hungry lips. She squirmed against the red-hot tip, hips rolling provocatively, grinding her dripping sex against the crown. Its incredible heat radiated through her core, she could feel her pussy tingling deliciously as her muscles relaxed, all the tension in her core melting away. Once again, the logical portion of his mind judged his intentions impossible, even more so than usual, but his mind was already clouded with lust. His empty hand balled to a fist at his side as his arm flexed, pulling the green-skinned sex-sleeve down onto the coal-black spire of his cock.

Glitz bit her lower lip nervously as she felt her lower lips grind against Rhuno's titanic cock harder and harder. She'd straddled bigger heads, sure, but those had been actual heads, and the largest thing going inside her at the time was a tongue. She stopped grinding suddenly, as the blunt tip of the red-hot shaft found purchase between her lips, her tender folds tingling at its touch. Her entrance opened for the tauren cock, glistening folds opening wide, then wider, then wider still, the tingling growing more and more and more intense. Her entrance stretched to its limits and beyond, squeezing and clinging to the tauren knob pushing into her, her throbbing pink clit peeking out from its forest green hood, humming with warmth and sensation as it ground against him. Her full, turquoise-painted lips parted in an O, mirroring the glistening green lips below as she let out a deep, throaty moan. 

There was a moment's pause, a stalemate, Glitz' incredibly tight hole refusing the flared ridge of Rhuno's fat knob. His arm flexed a little more, massive slabs of muscle tightening, and suddenly there was a dull but tangible pop, the sensation of something in Glitz' hips giving way. The massive cockhead suddenly drove forward, the last of the resistance her pussy had previously offered now gone. Her eyes went wide and a ragged cry forced itself from her lungs as the titanic tauren cock filled her far beyond her limits in an instant, her soaking wet pussy shifting and stretching around the red-hot coal-black cock forcibly rearranging her insides. There was a sudden, blunt impact in her core, sending a surge of pleasure shooting through her as the mighty thrust abruptly came to a dead stop. 

"FFFU~UCK!" Glitz managed to moan as she dangled, impaled upon Rhuno's monstrous member, her expression a mask of pure bliss. Her core twitched uncontrollably, squeezing and clenching around the invading cock, her legs kicking uselessly, far from any solid surface. Her entire body hummed with warm, tingling pleasure, sensations radiating outward from the steel-hard bull-cock that dwarfed even the largest orc dicks she'd ridden. She could feel the sheer girth of it making her normally-flat stomach bulge against his palm. "Fucking fel, it actually fit!" She added with a hint of awe.

Rhuno groaned, savoring the feeling of being engulfed by the tightest, wettest pussy he'd ever experienced. Glitz' inner walls gripped his shaft like a silk vice, squeezing, rippling, clinging to every vein marbled inch. It felt incredible, tight and hot and wet... and yet a nagging feeling hung over him. He looked down, his gaze fixed upon the point where their bodies met, the view confirming what he already felt; only the first third or so of his monumental member was actually inside the paradise of her pussy. A surge of irrational anger suddenly rose in his chest, hot and caustic. After all the teasing and anticipation, this was all he was rewarded with? He wanted more! He DESERVED more! He was being DENIED, and he would HAVE his satisfaction! His grip tightened around the goblin's waist, unthinkingly.

Feeling Rhuno tighten his grip, Glitz twisted around to look back over her shoulder toward him, her blissful expression suddenly faltering as she saw the look of furious lust that twisted his features. "Uh, big guy? Big guy? Rhuno?!" She called, fear creeping into her voice. If the tauren heard her, he gave no sign. His muscular arm flexed, lifting the goblin up along his towering shaft, her concerns momentarily forgotten as his flared crown tugged and scraped over every nerve in her overstuffed pussy, making her dangling legs dance involuntarily. He lifted her until his head tugged at the tight ring of her entrance, reluctant to leave the silken embrace of her depths.

With barely a moment's pause, Rhuno's arm flexed again, and Glitz let out a ragged scream as the mighty tauren's dark iron spear plunged into her once again. The monstrous weapon bottomed out in the green-skinned temptress in an instant, pounding at the gateway to her womb like a battering ram. Her eyes were wide as the brute ground his tip against her innermost gates, her lips parted in an O as her lingering cry died off, fading to silence as her air ran out. She barely had time to gasp in a fresh lungful before the bull lifted her again, once more teasing her innermost walls with his flared head. Suddenly, he slammed her down onto the obsidian spire of his bull-cock again, pounding into her cervix even harder than before, driving the air from her lungs in another ragged wail of overwhelming pleasure.

Ginny watched, eyes wide with awe, as Rhuno jerked Glitz' helpless, twitching form up and down on his cock over and over again. She only realized one of her hands had been subconsciously delving between her thighs when she felt wetness on her probing fingertips. As the goblin girl screamed and moaned beneath the bull's brutal strokes, Ginny's delicate fingers snaked through her cotton-candy bush to find her gleaming pink gumdrop. The lightest touch on the tender bead felt electric, intense enough to make her gasp. She'd never been this sensitive before! If she was this sensitive to her own touch, she could only imagine what it would feel like if he pushed those thick, rugged fingers of his inside her once again... or even that monstrous, toe-curling, pussy-pounding cock! She bit her lip to stifle her whimpers as she began to flick and swirl her fingertips over the bud, eyes riveted on the scene before her.

Glitz' cries crescendoed into a ragged, high-pitched wail, her spine arched, tense as a bow as her body spasmed and twitched helplessly, impaled upon the bull's monstrous shaft over and over again. Rhuno gritted his teeth as the goblin's incredibly tight walls suddenly squeezed even tighter, gripping his shaft like a vice, but he didn't stop jerking the green-skinned girl up and down his shaft, not even for a moment. Again and again his red-hot shaft pounded at her innermost barrier, the wall of muscle spasming along with the rest of her body, until one particularly violent twitch gave him the opening he needed to wedge the very tip of his flared cockhead into the gap, his hand tightening its grip on the goblin's hips as he ground his cockhead against the straining barrier, supernatural warmth melting away its resistance, until, with a growl of ravenous lust, he thrust his hips forward.

Glitz' lingering scream died on her lips as the rampaging bull-cock plowed through her last line of defense and drove into her unprotected womb, forcing the last of the air from her lungs. She froze, lips still parted in a silent cry, her eyes wide with shock. Rhuno groaned aloud as the silken depths of the goblin's womb welcomed his shaft. It felt incredible, soft and yielding against his head as he pushed deeper and deeper, but still hugging and caressing every vein-marbled inch of his length, the vice-like grip of her cervix around his member a delicious counterpoint to the gentle softness deeper in. Each new inch that he pushed into her simply amplified the sensation. Mindlessly he fed more and more of his monster into her hungry depths, only realizing just how deep he'd actually gone when he felt the goblin's tight, shapely ass press against his hips. 

Ginny couldn't hold back her voice any longer, letting out a long, shuddering moan as she witnessed Rhuno hilt himself inside Glitz, the sight alone triggering and explosive orgasm. At first, the tauren's palm had concealed the bulge his shaft had formed in Glitz' normally flat stomach, but now, it was simply too big to hide. The green-skinned woman's stomach was stretched to the point of ridiculousness, clinging to the bulging outline of the bull's titanic shaft like a second skin as it pushed out, stretching up between her firm, perfectly-shaped breasts, the flared ridge of his crown visible through the goblin's overstuffed womb as it bobbed in midair, poised just inches from Glitz' turquoise-painted lips. Were it not for the powerful enchantment infused into Rhuno's monumental shaft, she would surely be dead. Perhaps Ginny should have been worried about Glitz, but... to be so filled, so stretched, so completely, utterly conquered by an absolutely monstrous cock, to be turned into a living cock-sleeve by a cock as big as herself... the sight of it, the very idea, was enough to set Ginny's second orgasm off, to fill her mind with awe and envy, and her body with a desperate need.

"Oh, fuck." Rhuno muttered, eyes going wide as he realized what he'd done. "Glitz? Are you okay?" He called, worry creeping into his voice as he tried to stir some response from the goblin. The only response was silence, and a surge of panic suddenly washed over him. His fears were realized, he'd killed her with his dick! "Hang on!" He urged, desperately, as he began to lift the goblin off his length.

Suddenly the goblin's limply-dangling legs sprang to life, heels hooking at Rhuno's thighs to try and hold herself in place. "Don't... Don't you fucking dare move!" Glitz shouted, eyes riveted to the bulge bobbing in front of her face. Rhuno froze, obediently. Hesitantly, she brought her hands up to touch the monster, and bit her lip when she felt the red-hot beast throb against her palms, felt her palms on her stomach... It was real. Really real. This was really happening. He'd actually stuffed every last inch of that fucking monster cock into her. She was staring at the proof right in front of her face. This was completely fucking insane, her mind was swimming as it tried to justify the reality before her eyes with the expectations she'd held moments before. 

Thoughtlessly, Glitz shifted her weight, only to gasp as Rhuno's monumental member levered inside her womb, sending a surge of sensation shooting through her. Her train of thought was roughly derailed, logic and reason suddenly completely overshadowed by instinct and desire. It no longer mattered how or why the titan fit inside her, all that mattered was that it wasn't already fucking the shit out of her. She shifted her hips again, more aggressively, squirming on the monstrous member she was impaled upon, feeling it pulse and throb inside her overstretched womb at the stimulation and moaning with the pleasure it provoked in return. 

"Well? Wh-what are you waiting for?" Glitz asked suddenly, a slight tremor to her voice. "I'm not here to be your cock-ornament. I'm here to- to get FUCKED. So just fucking DO IT already. Fucking FUCK me, you bull-dicked bastard!" She demanded, wrapping her arms around her perfect emerald tits and squeezing them around the ridiculous bulge distending her stomach, rolling her hips against his and letting out a moan. "Fuck me! I don't care if it fucking breaks me, I need to feel this monster plowing me! Fucking ravage my womb with this fucking ridiculous cock!"

The goblin slut's lustful demands movements made Runo's monstrous cock throb with lust, the beast bucking hard enough to bounce Glitz' diminutive body. He said nothing in response, his grip simply tightening around her waist, rough digits digging into smooth, pliable flesh. Words were no longer necessary, only actions. His arm flexed, and Glitz moaned as she was lifted off the impaling shaft inch by inch, writhing as the beast's flared head tugged and teased at nerves she hadn't even known she had. Bit by bit the impossible bulge distorting her belly receded, the fat knob slipping out from between her perfect emerald breasts along the way, until her stomach barely bulged. Glitz felt a tugging sensation, and the movement suddenly stopped, the monster's flared ridge stalled by the vice-like grip of her cervix, the swollen crown refusing to be pulled through.

Without warning, Rhuno's arm flexed again, and Glitz' eyes shot open wide as she was suddenly impaled once more, an arm's length of waist-thick red-hot tauren tauren bull-cock plowing into her womb, stretching her impossibly once again. Her eyelids fluttered and she let out a ragged, throaty moan, a tidal wave of pleasure crashing over her as the brutal cock slammed into her depths once more. The red-hot shaft struck every nerve, every pleasure center, it burned inside her as it filled her completely, stretched her beyond her limits... Her body shuddered, her silken depths quivering as they embraced the searing invader. 

Ginny's hand was squeezed between her thick, creamy thighs as she knelt on the bed, three fingers swiftly pumping in and out of her thoroughly-soaked pussy in a frenzy. Her free hand hungrily groped and mauled at her glorious, oversized, pillowy tits, diminutive hand alternating between sinking deep into the soft flesh and tugging at her hard pink nipples. Her eyes were riveted to the scene before her, desperately trying to take in every last detail of the furious fuck. She moaned in sympathy with Glitz each time Rhuno pumped the goblin's writhing, trembling body up and down his titanic, tireless cock like a living cock-sleeve. Neither of them even seemed to noticed the pink-haired gnome just a few feet away, their minds consumed by lust and sensation, lost to the world as they fucked like animals.

Glitz' moans grew louder and louder as Rhuno began to pump her body up and down his length faster and faster, pleasure building on pleasure with each stroke, climbing toward a familiar crescendo with unprecedented speed. She barely had time to consciously register what was coming before it hit her full-force, her back arching involuntarily as she let out a ragged scream of raw pleasure. Orgasmic ecstasy ripped through her body, her muscles pulling tight as her every nerve burned with searing bliss, her mind going blank as pleasure overwhelmed rational thought. Her depths spasmed wildly, uncontrollably, squeezing and rippling around the unyielding obsidium shaft, clinging to the red-hot, vein-marbled length.
