 [pre-story]

Content Warnings: Unrealistic Anatomy, huge cock, huge tits, huge ass, chubby, BBW, no sex (yet) 

Disclaimer: All characters are 18+

[/pre-story]

Test Your Might: Part 2

"It should be right up here." Lien assured as they walked together. "I can hear the steam vents."

"Excellent." Rhuno replied, letting out a sigh of relief as he trudged through the thick undergrowth. He loved his armor, but in this sweltering heat and thick undergrowth, it was like carrying a blazing oven on his back. It would be good to cool off- He blinked as a connection clicked in his brain. "Wait, steam vents?"

His question was answered a moment later as they rounded one of the massive trees and it came in sight. Around a handful of rocky outcroppings, there sat a wide, shallow pool of water, shrouded in a thick mist of steam. Every few seconds, one of the tiny cones scattered all around would hiss, belching forth a thick pillar of steam to replenish the cloud of steam. Near the edge of the stone area, there sat a lovely tent, a heavy red cloth hanging inside a square wooden frame. A dragon turtle sat next to it, idly chewing on the nearby ferns, its elaborate saddle sitting empty.

"...Ah." Rhuno muttered, somewhat dejectedly, his hopes of cooling off dashed.

"Well, it's not much, but you're welcome to stay as long as you need." Lien nodded.

Rhuno shook his head. "I shouldn't need to wait long. Tawo heals quickly while unsummoned, I'll be out of your hair after a good night's rest." He assured.

Lien grinned. "Well, don't count on too much rest, I intend to celebrate!"

Rhuno chuckled. "I suppose if any accomplishments are worth celebrating, taking down a devilsaur has got to be one of them."

Lien laughed. "I'm glad you agree! I've got a keg of stout from an old friend I've been waiting for the right time to tap."

"Oh, no, I couldn't." Rhuno replied, holding up a hand and shaking his head. 

Lien shook her head. "Don't even start with that, a good drink is always better when you share it." She replied. 

"I don't want you to waste your gift. I'm practically three times your size, it takes a lot to get me buzzed."

Lien grinned playfully. "Clearly, you have much to learn about the power of pandaren brew."

---

"Mmm... It's so hot." Lien purred. "It's almost like it's gonna burn my paws, but in a good way." 

"Oooh~, that's nice..." Rhuno groaned deeply, rolling his head back.

There was a hissing blast of steam from a nearby vent, the white cloud growing thicker around them once more. Everything more than a couple feet away from the two seemed hazy and distant, a little bubble of serenity in the dangerous jungles of the crater. Just Lien, Rhuno, the water, and a sturdy oak keg. Rhuno's armor lay piled by the tent, along with most of his frostsilk underclothes, distant and forgotten beyond the mists. All he wore now was his loincloth, his powerful, muscular body, marred by dozens of scars, exposed as he sat at the edge of the hot spring, lowering his hooves and calves into the almost-too-hot water, a mug of stout in hand. Lien sat a little less than an arm's length away, doing much the same, her traveling leathers neatly laid out in the tent as she sat there in simple cloth undergarments.

In the rush of battle, Rhuno hadn't had time to really look at the woman who'd come to his rescue, but now that things had calmed down, he couldn't help but glance in her direction as he took another drink of his stout. Voluptuous was perhaps the best word to describe her at a glance. Everything about her seemed soft and plush, he never would have guessed her a warrior at a glance. She had long, silky black hair, everything but her straight-trimmed bangs pulled back and tied in a long braid that reached the small of her back, the raven-black hair shot through with a long stripe of bright green, starting in her bangs and running all the way down her braid, weaving in and out of sight as it went. The stripe matched her eyes, deep green pools that glimmered with playfulness surrounded by black patches of fur that swept down to her cheeks, splitting into two long, tapering streaks. Her face was round, and she wore a satisfied grin on her black lips that never seemed to go away entirely, or, at least, hadn't since they'd met. 

What truly caught his eye, however, was below the neck. Lien's 'bra' was little more than strip of fabric about as wide as her paw, wrapped around her chest and securely tied in the middle. He had to wonder how effective it was, considering the mountains of flesh it contended with, the soft, white-furred mounds looked to be the size of her head, and the material sank into the soft flesh, holding them up and together, giving her a valley of cleavage so deep his gaze struggled to climb out of it. Her midsection had its fair share of padding, to be certain, it wasn't 'slender', but it did maintain a very feminine curve, especially when compared to her broad hips. Her hips were spectacularly wide, round and soft, the kind of hips one simply wanted to grab ahold of, the kind her undergarments seemed hopelessly insufficient to contain. Those hips were absolutely necessary to support her glorious ass, a meaty, heart-shaped backside that stood out proudly in silhouette, the vertical strap of her underwear parting the twin moons. It was thick and round, with just the right amount of jiggle, just enough so that her cheeks bounced with each step, but didn't quiver like gelatin. Her hips gave way to thick, juicy thighs that tapered smoothly into her knees, covered in fuzzy, dark fur, like natural thigh-highs that made her pale backside seem even larger. Even at a glance, they seemed soft and supple, the sort of thighs one wanted to lay their head on... or perhaps have wrapped around their head...

Movement caught the tauren's eye, one of Lien's paws drifted down to her thigh, one short-clawed digit trailing little circles in the black fur for a moment, then slowly sliding up and inward, leading his eyes toward her inner thighs, toward the vee between them... then suddenly pulled away, pointing up. He followed the direction until his eyes met hers, those bright green orbs shining with knowing playfulness as she smirked at him. He blinked, snapping out of his trance, and felt his face flush warm. 

He opened his mouth to speak, to utter some form of apology, but Lien cut him off. "I think it's time to go a little further." She announced, and once again, Rhuno blinked, his train of thought abruptly derailed. She seemed not to notice, continuing on. "It's nice to dip your toes, but nothing beats going all the way, you know?" She asked with a grin. Rhuno drew in a breath to respond, but suddenly Lien's paws came up to her chest, her thumbs hooking under the strap wrapped around her massive mammaries, and with a swift yank, the band of fabric came away. Her chest bounced free of its restraints as the tossed the strip of cloth away, the enormous mounds bouncing as they settled into place, massive swaying teardrops hanging from her chest, crowned with plump, suckable black nipples. Rhuno once again found himself speechless, his eyes widening at the sight.

Lien pulled her paws from the hot spring and stood at the edge of it, facing away from the tauren as she hooked her thumbs into the waist of her panties and unceremoniously began to slide them down her hips. It was a bit of a struggle, considering just how much hip she had, and she rolled them side to side, walking the waistband further and further down her ample, pale backside, the twin moons of her ass rising over the horizon of her panties. As they slipped past the widest point of her hips, she bent at the waist to guide them down her black-furred legs, thrusting her ass up and back too perfectly to be coincidental. Her thick thighs stayed together until the very end, when she lifted her feet to step out of the garment, parting just enough to give the tauren a momentary glimpse of the tender pink folds between her legs, before she straightened up again, pianties hanging off one finger as she glanced back over her shoulder at the tauren with a smirk.

As she tossed her panties back toward the tent, Lien turned again and strode into the steaming waters of the hot spring, slowly lowering herself deeper and deeper into the pool, letting out a deep, satisfied sigh as the water came up to her chest, just below her armpits. She closed her eyes and leaned back against the rocky shelf at the edge of the spring, her breasts bobbed in the water in front of her, her dark nipples half-submerged beneath the water's surface, savoring the warmth surrounding her for a long moment. When her eyes opened again, she glanced up at Rhuno. "How about it? Care to join me?" She asked with a soft smile.

Rhuno hesitated for a moment. This was all happening rather... suddenly. He hardly knew this woman. But then... she had saved him from the devilsaur when she could have left him to die, and she'd been nothing but generous since, offering to share her tent, then her drink, then... well, this. She was beautiful, and clearly interested in him, as well... So why was he hesitating? Whatever happened, happened. He'd deal with it as it came. He closed his eyes and shook his head for a moment, before lifting his mug of stout to his lips and finishing it off in two gulps. 

Putting his mug aside, Rhuno pushed himself forward and up, standing in the pool, the steaming waters coming up to about mid-thigh on his towering, dark-furred frame. The sapphire silk of his loincloth struggled to contain his enormous package, the small flap of material in the front woefully insufficient to conceal the contours of the mighty serpent struggling against the lightweight fabric. His hands came down to his waist, and after a moment of tugging, the knot came undone, and the beast was freed. Lien didn't react much, but she couldn't hide the way her eyes widened slightly as it came into view. The coal-black python unfurled like an elekk's trunk, its length going on and on until the tip disappeared beneath the water's surface, more than halfway down his thigh, and it wasn't even fully hard yet. It looked as thick as her wrist, easily, and a pair of massive balls swayed pendulously behind the shaft, the size of ripe grapefruit, practically sloshing with thick tauren seed. Silence hung in the air for a moment as the monster throbbed slightly, the network of veins winding over its girth pulsing as it grew just a little larger and harder before her eyes.

The moment passed, and Rhuno turned, planting hand on the edge of the pool and slowly lowering himself into the steaming waters of the spring, his fearsome tool sinking beneath the surface and out of sight. He let out a sigh of his own as he settled in, sitting against the edge of the pool just a few feet away from Lien, the water coming up to the bottom of his ribcage. "You're right." He commented as he set his elbows behind him on the edge of the pool and leaned back onto them, his broad, muscular, battle-scarred chest pushed forward by contrast . "Nothing beats going all the way." He added with a grin.

Lien smirked back at him, and suddenly Rhuno felt something brush against his cock under the water, and he stiffened in more ways than one. "Of course... there's plenty of fun to be had with foreplay." She purred, playfully, as her paw slid up and down his length, slowly, trailing her fingerpads over the vein-marbled onyx shaft.

"Mmh... You're certainly not shy, are you?" Rhuno asked with a small laugh as his member twitched slightly, the tendons at the root tightening as the coal-black shaft stiffened with each throb.

Lien chuckled and wrapped her paw halfway around his length, giving the beast a soft squeeze. "What have I, to be ashamed of?" She asked, simply, as she slid a little closer to the tauren.

Rhuno groaned softly as his cock reached full hardness, and the towering monolithic member breached the surface of the hot spring, the fat head poking up above the water. "Nothing at all..." He replied, his gaze roaming down to her breasts as they bobbed in front of her.

Lien bit her lip as she stared at the fat, swollen cockhead. "...I assumed that tauren would be big, but I didn't expect such a monster... This is going to be a real challenge." She muttered in quiet awe. Suddenly she shifted, pulling away from the edge of the pool, turning around in the water and swinging her leg around until she was suddenly straddling one of Rhuno's thighs, facing him, both hands on the steel-hard shaft before her, an eager glint in her emerald eyes as she smirked up at him. "I love a good challenge." She purred.