 [pre-story]

Content Warnings: Unrealistic anatomy, huge cock, huge tits, huge ass, chubby, BBW

Disclaimer: All characters are 18+

[/pre-story]

Test Your Might: Part 3

The billowing cloud of steam that hung over the springs wrapped the two of them up in their own little world, shrouding everything more than a few feet away in a haze, muffling sound. The rest of the world seemed impossibly distant, and this moment felt all the more intimate for it.

Slowly, Lien's soft paws began to move, finger-pads trailing feather-light touches over the length of the coal-black pillar of tauren cock, their movements hidden beneath the steamy surface of the spring waters. The gleaming, swollen head periscoped out of the water, a dark knob the size of a fist that bobbed and twitched with every touch of her skillful fingers. Rhuno gave a soft groan, letting the hot spring's warmth soak into his scarred muscles and relax them as he leaned back against the lip of the flooded caldera, savoring the sensations of Lien's paws, feeling them tracing over the bulging veins that wound like vines over the pulsing pillar of bull-cock between his thighs. She cooed softly as she wrapped her paws around Rhuno's shaft fully, the two together only barely able to encircle his monstrous girth. 

"It's so warm... It's even hotter than the water." Lien muttered softly,with a mixture of surprise and wonder as she pumped her paws up and down his shaft, feeling its heat soaking into her palms, the warmth already spreading up her arms. Every tiny motion of her arms made her chest jiggle and bounce as her enormous breasts floated atop the water, white-furred, melon-sized mounds, capped with black aureola as wide as plums and suckable, thimble-sized nipples that sat, half-submerged, on the water's surface.  

"Mmm... Enchanted." Rhuno muttered in explanation. When she looked up at him, curiously, he shook his head. He always over-simplified these things. "Alexstrasza, queen of the ruby dragonflight, enchanted it with the flame of life. It's extra-hot, and the magic makes it so any, uh, hole, will stretch to fit it without hurting the woman." He elaborated.

Lien arched her eyebrows at the explanation, her hands slowing, but not stopping. "...Sounds like an... interesting encounter. ANY hole?" She asked, arching an eyebrow.

Rhuno nodded. "As far as I can tell. I hilted it in a gnome once." He mentioned, though he left out that it had been just a few days ago.

Lien's eyes widened, and she looked down to the throbbing, fist-sized head that peeked above the water's surface.. "...That must be some powerful magic, indeed." She muttered, curiosity and a hint of awe in her voice. Rhuno felt her hips roll, grinding her womanhood onto his muscular thigh.

"It's -nh- served me well." He replied with a small grunt as her grip tightened around his shaft, squeezing surprisingly firmly as they continued to slide up and down the base of his member. The veins winding over his coal-black pillar bulged angrily as the lack of circulation forced the beast to swell a fraction larger, the head gleaming like jet as it throbbed on the surface of the water.

"It seems I'll need more than just my paws to deal with this fearsome beast~..." She purred, playfully, holding his gaze as she suddenly pushed herself forward, grinding her pussy on his thigh as she moved, stopping only once her enormous, pale-furred breasts wrapped themselves around the throbbing obsidian crown, their sheer size keeping them together as they surrounded his swollen crown. "You like my breasts? You've been staring at them since I took off my armor. How does it feel to finally have them wrapped around your big~ fat~ tauren~ cock~?" She smirked up at him, rolling her shoulders to make the massive mounds jiggle and bounce over the glossy, sensitive head.

Rhuno groaned in response, squeezing his eyes shut and rolling his head back, savoring the delicious mixture of sensations, the tight, forceful grip of her paws as they pumped up and down the lower half of his cock and the warm, pillowy-soft embrace of her massive melons on the upper half. There was only one problem- there was no pressure to go with the softness of her chest, they floated around his member, the touch so light it was little more than teasing. Of course, he could fix that... Rhuno growled as his head snapped back down and his eyes opened once more, sharp blue eyes burning with lust. Massive, calloused, three-fingered hands rose from the water on either side of her and came together, wrist-thick digits sinking deep into her pillowy-soft titflesh as they roughly kneaded the melon-sized mounds, squeezing them together around his girth. Even with hands as large as his, her spectacular chest overflowed his grasp, soft flesh pushing out between his fingers. His hips shifted, pushing his towering pillar of cock up just a tiny bit more, just enough for the swollen black crown to peek out from between her breasts.

"Ooh~!" Lien cooed in surprise at the sudden assault on her breasts, biting her lower lip slightly as he manhandled her melons roughly, feeling the red-hot shaft burning between them, her black, suckable nipples getting just a little stiffer. "You've got fire... Good." She purred, grinning as she looked up into his eyes, the burning passion in her emerald eyes mirroring the fiery desire in his own, hr hands pumping just a fraction faster at the root of his cock. "Don't be shy or gentle with me. I love a little aggressiveness in my partner." She explained, licking her lips. "I'm a little competitive, you see, so... when you do something for me, I just have to do something to even the score... Something like this~!" She added, then suddenly, her head shot forward and down, burying her nose in her own breasts as she pressed her lips against the swollen crown of his cock as it peeked out of her cleavage, delivering a lingering tongue-kiss to the tauren's cock.

Rhuno groaned again at the feeling of her warm, wet lips on his head, her tongue slithering out to swirl over the glossy tip. "Ooh, that's good..." He breathed, enjoying the sensations as he squeezed her breasts tighter around his steely shaft. She wanted him to be aggressive? He could do that. Suddenly, Lien's lips popped of his cockhead and she let out a soft yelp of surprise as his muscular thigh suddenly flexed, lifting her knees off the ground and grinding her nether lips on it as it lifted up. Rhuno had to let go of her chest for a moment to stabilize the two of them as he shifted his legs underneath him, rising up to a kneeling position. They soon returned, however, once more kneading her soft tits as he squeezed them together around his cock, but this time, there was a good bit more of his length pushing up between them, the swollen knob throbbing just inches from her little black nose. His hands began to move, sliding her breasts up and down along the upper portion of his shaft, the new position grinding his thigh into her pussy more firmly, the muscles tense and unyielding against her tender folds. 

Lien's smirk soon returned as the look of surprise faded, then the expression vanished altogether as she opened her mouth wide and wrapped her lips around his jet-black cockhead completely. Her short snout made it easy enough to take like this, but as she pushed herself forward, she could feel her jaw begin to strain around its girth. The touch of his enchanted shaft made her lips and tongue tingle deliciously with warmth, and her hips rolled subconsciously, grinding her pussy on his thigh as her hands pumped at his length. Her tongue swirled over every inch of the mushroom head it could reach, fresh from the hot spring's waters, it didn't have much of a taste of its own, but when it throbbed she could taste the faintest hint of something sweet, salty, and musky, a flavor deliciously complex, almost intoxicating. 

Rhuno's thigh flexed against Lien's lower lips, and her eyes went wide as he suddenly thrust his hips forward, just an inch or so, but enough to drive his fat, helmet-shaped head deeper into her mouth than she'd been prepared for. She felt her jaw strain for a moment, felt the enchanted warmth permeate and soothe the ache, and felt the beastly knob suddenly pop past her jaw and fill her mouth entirely, the blunt tip probing at the entrance to her throat. She pulled back in surprise, and he eased back into position once more, leaving her staring down at the throbbing obsidian knob before her, her paws still pumping up and down his length in a daze. 

Lien looked down at it for a moment, then her emerald eyes flicked up to meet Rhuno's strikingly blue ones, and she held his gaze as she slowly opened her mouth once more and lowered her head to once more engulf his swollen, coal-black cockhead. This time, she didn't stop herself, she wrapped her lips around the head and kept going, strain clearly evident in her eyes for just a moment as it reached her jaw, and then they went wide once more as the beast filled her mouth entirely, its sheer girth pinning her tongue to her lower jaw as the head pressed against the entrance to her throat. She felt his thigh flex, but she didn't pull away, his hips bucked up, and she gave a quiet, strangled cry of surprise as that fat tauren cock pushed into her throat, the red-hot crown stretching the entrance further than she'd ever imagined it could go.

Rhuno groaned at the sensations of Lien's tight throat squeezing and rippling around the head of his cock, his hips unconsciously starting to pump back and forth, an inch at a time, pushing between her enormous breasts and into her throat. Lien moaned in reply, her hands pumping at the base of his shaft while her hips ground against his thigh and he fucked her eager, overstretched mouth, her tongue wriggling against the underside of his shaft as her head pushed further and further forward, more and more of the steely shaft pushing into her throat. Rhuno's thumb and forefingers found the pandaren woman's dark nipples and gave them a sharp squeeze as he continued to work them up and down his length, drawing another strangled moan from her, the sound abruptly cut off as the massive head of his cock blocked off her throat entirely.

Lien pushed down a fraction further, practically burying her nose in her own cleavage, only to suddenly splutter and pull back until the jet-black head popped from her lips, glistening with saliva, glittering strands lining her lips to the monster as she coughed. Rhuno's hips ground to a halt, and he opened his eyes, looking concerned, but Lien shook her head. "I- I'm fine, I just... got water in my nose." She explained, somewhat awkwardly. "Looks like that's as far as I can go..."

Rhuno's cock throbbed, angrily. No, no, that would not do at all. Wordlessly, he let go of Lien's chest and pushed himself up to his hooves, his massive, muscular bulk rising out of the waters of the hot spring, his wet fur shedding steam. The full glory of his jet-black, steel-hard shaft emerging from the water like an ancient sea monster, thrusting proudly from his hips, towering over Lien as she kneeled in the water below. Her paws looked so small wrapped around the base of the beastly shaft as it throbbed in midair, its length covered all over in bulging, winding veins. "I need more." Rhuno growled with lust in a deep, rumbling voice as he looked down at her, his eyes burning with desire. 

She bit her lip, swallowing nervously as she looked up at the awe-inspiring pillar of virile tauren cock. Was it even possible? She'd taken the tip, but... She swallowed again, feeling the lingering warmth in her throat as the muscles rippled. "...Do it. Feed me every last inch." She purred, opening her mouth wide and letting her tongue loll out like a welcome mat. Her hands tugged the iron-hard monster down, leveling the fearsome weapon at her open mouth. Her emerald eyes looked up to Rhuno's, and he could see the fire of desire and determination burning in them. She'd called his member a challenge, but he could tell, satisfying her was going to be the real challenge. He grinned. They had something in common, at least- he loved a good challenge, too.