 [pre-story]

Content Warnings: Unrealistic anatomy, huge cock, huge tits, huge ass, BBW, chubby

Disclaimer: All characters are 18+

[/pre-story]

Test Your Might: Part 4

All Rhuno had to do was just... push his hips forward. Lien's paws gripped the base of his mammoth member firmly, guiding the fat head of his coal-black shaft toward her wide-open mouth. It landed on her tongue, heavy, hot, and delicious, his musky, salty flavor once more spreading across her taste buds much like the tingling, magical warmth spread through it. The soft pink muscle guided the beastly shaft forward until it once more pushed its blunt crown against her dark lips, and the pandaren's jaws began to spread wider once more, her lips soon stretched tight around his sheer girth as the fat knob popped past them, filling her mouth completely. It probed at the entrance to her throat, its warmth already relaxing the rings of muscle. 

Lien's gaze flicked upward, emerald eyes seeking Rhuno's startlingly blue ones, only to find them already looking down at her, hungrily drinking in the sight before him. Their eyes met, and for a moment, they were still, the only sound the hiss of steam escaping from a nearby geyser, the pale mist surrounding them enveloping the two in their own little world, just the two of them. Wordlessly, the curvaceous pandaren's paws released their grip on the base of the coal-black monster, no longer needing to keep it steady now that the pulsing tip was securely held between her straining lips, and lifted them to his hands, wrapping around his thick, calloused fingers and tugging them forward. She kept her eyes locked with his as she guided those big hands to rest on her head. A small groan of lust escaped the tauren's lips as her paws let his hands go and drifted back to his hips. His fingers closed around her head, his rough, leathery mitts nearly engulfing the entire thing, gripping it firmly between them, fingers overlapping at the back, and his shaft throbbed hard between her lips. The simple act of surrendering- no, giving him control, wordlessly offering her lips and throat to be used to satisfy the aching need in his loins, to release the pressure building in his fat, churning, grapefruit-sized balls... The thought alone was beyond arousing. 

Rhuno wouldn't waste such a gift. His iron grip held Lien's head perfectly still as he stopped holding his hips back. They pushed forward, slow and steady, instinctively craving the warm, wet embrace of the pandaren's lips, the hot, throbbing, knob at the tip finally pushing back into her throat, the radiant warmth penetrating and relaxing the rings of muscle one by one as it pushed deeper and deeper by the second. Lien's eyes widened at the novel sensation of her neck stretching unnaturally around the fat tauren shaft as it plunged down her throat inch by inch. She'd swallowed some big ones, but this was far, far beyond anything she'd ever even imagined. She couldn't breathe, she couldn't speak, she couldn't pull away with her head held so firmly, she couldn't even angle her head, the monster filled her throat completely, an impossibly thick, hot, steel-hard rod, pulsing and throbbing as it pushed deeper and deeper and deeper... It should have hurt, she should be struggling against this impossibly enormous invader, she should be gagging and choking uncontrollably, fighting for air... And yet... When her nose met the dark fur of Rhuno's hips, when his fat, heavy balls came to rest on her chin, when every last inch of that steely shaft was buried in her mouth, her lips stretched around the root of it, her tongue flattened against her jaw by the vein-marbled girth... a shudder of pure, undeniable pleasure ran down her spine, her womb twitching with envy as her neglected pussy squeezed tight around nothing.

Rhuno didn't even notice Lien's hands fall away from his hips and slip under the water's surface, making beeline for her needy slit. His mind was lost in the glorious sensations of the pandaren's tight throat squeezing every last inch of his cock as he held her head down on it. Earthmother's tits, no matter how many times he experienced it, it was always absolutely incredible. His ass tightened subconsciously, grinding his hips against the pandaren's lips, instinctively trying to push further in, to get more of those delicious sensations...

Lien swallowed around the red-hot shaft planted deep in her throat, drawing another soft groan from Rhuno's lips, her paws delving between her legs, two fingers curling to thrust between her lips as they twitched with desire. As much as Rhuno was tempted to stay buried deep in the pandaren's throat forever, it wouldn't satisfy the aching need in his heavy balls. He needed release, he needed to cum, and to cum, he needed to FUCK. His hips drew back, slowly, drawing inch after inch of fat, coal-black bull-cock from the Lien's stretched lips, glistening with spit. The pandaren watched it go, eyes crossing as she marvelled at the length pulling away- she'd taken all of it. The flared head popped from Lien's throat, and even as she desperately sucked in a fresh breath of air through her nose, her tongue swirled over the now-freed head and was rewarded with a dollop of clear, sticky precum that soaked her taste buds in his flavor once more.

Lien didn't have long to catch her breath. Rhuno's hips pushed forward again after only a moment, the blunt tip of his steel-hard cock pushing its way into her tight throat, rings of muscle stretching easily, already suffused with the enchanted shaft's warmth. Rhuno groaned once more as he fed inch after inch of thick tauren cock past the pandaren's lips, then groaned a little louder as he felt Lien's tongue began to squirm and wriggle against the underside of his shaft. He looked down and found Lien already looking up at him, emerald eyes burning with passion even as more and more coal-black shaft slid past her soft, stretched lips. She held his gaze even as her nose was buried in his crotch, and, just to emphasize the point, swallowed as he held her there for a moment, the rippling muscles of her throat milking his monolithic shaft.

"An'she's light..." Rhuno groaned as Lien began to swallow over and over, the pandaren woman's tight throat rippling rhythmically, waves of tightness running down the length of his shaft planted in her throat. Her tongue still squirmed near the base of his shaft, teasing the tender flesh where shaft gave way to sack, his churning balls sitting on her chin. He drew his hips back, only to have the pandaren squeeze her lips tight, maintaining a seal around the beastly member, the motion pulling her lips out obscenely and made her cheeks hollow with the intense vacuum formed. He grit his teeth as his flared cockhead fought against the waves of tightness that tugged and pulled at its ridge, trying to draw it deeper once more. Inch by inch he drew his cock free, her sealed lips making a lewd sucking, slurping noise, until, with a final tug, the beast popped free of her lips entirely, bobbing in midair, glistening with spit, shimmering strands still linking the fearsome beast to her soft, dark lips as she panted for breath.

"I bet -hah- I bet nobody's sucked it -hah- like that before." Lien muttered between panting breaths, eyes still looking up at Rhuno's face, her shoulders rolling not-so-subtly, her paws hidden below the water's surface, upper arms positioned in such a way they pushed her massive, pale melons up and together, creating possibly the most spectacular cleavage he'd ever seen.

"Eathmother's tits..." Rhuno groaned with arousal. The dark-furred bull was, admittedly, shocked, as he stared down at her. She was right, nobody had ever done anything quite like that for him before. 

"You want more?" Lien asked, grinning up at him. "Don't be shy, just stick that big black bull-cock back in and fuck my face as hard as you can. I can take it." She half-pleaded, half-commanded, opening her mouth wide once more, rolling out her tongue invitingly, still staring up at his face, emerald eyes burning with determination.

"You- You really mean that, don't you?" Rhuno muttered in awe. He had looked surprised, at first, but as he spoke, as he accepted the truth of the words, his expression darkened, hardened, the lust within him rising to the surface. "You really want it. All of it. Every inch of cock, every ounce of strength..." He added, his voice deepening to almost a growl. 

Lien shivered at the sound of the tauren's deep, growling voice, the look in his piercing eyes... but the flames of determination in her own eyes didn't diminish, if anything, they only burned brighter. "I want you to come at me with everything you have. I want to make you cum, and I want you to make me work for it. I want you to make me use every last trick I have to try and satisfy this monster, I want you to push me to my limits and beyond, to really challenge me." She half-growled, half-moaned. "I want to know that I took on the mighty tauren paladin and his godly cock and made him cum harder than ever before. I wanNNNGH~!" She spat her challenge, only to be cut off when Rhuno's fist-sized cockhead suddenly pushed between her lips, filling her mouth completely and pinning her wagging tongue to her lower jaw. 

"Then TAKE IT." Rhuno snarled with raw lust as his two-handed grip on the pandaren's head tightened and his massive, muscular arms flexed, pulling her down onto his mighty shaft as he drove his hips forward, blunt cockhead plowing into her tight throat in a single, deep thrust. When her nose reached the base, he could feel her throat tighten and ripple as she began to swallow once more, her tongue wiggling against the underside of his titanic rod. "Ohh, fuck, that's good-" Rhuno groaned. "-but it's not enough." He added with a growl. His arms flexed again, hauling her head back as he pulled his own hips back, yanking more than a foot of steel-hard cock out of her tight throat in a single motion, and, without a moment's pause, slamming it all back in, pulling her head forward once more, abs tightening as he thrust forward to meet her lips, heavy balls swinging forward with the momentum to smack against her chin.

The enchanted warmth of Rhuno's cock soothed and relaxed the pandaren's throat to allow the massive slab of tauren fuckmeat to stretch her throat open around it without pain, but even Alexstrasza's powerful magic had its limits, and the savage pounding he unleashed upon Lien's throat strained against the both those limits and the limits of her throat. His hips bucked like a wild bull trying to throw its rider, his powerful arms flexing in time, jerking Lien's head up and down so fast it felt like he rattled her brain each time his hips slammed against her lips. There was barely a rhythm to his movements, they were wild, savage, so fast and powerful there was no way to control them with any real precision. He wasn't pulling all the way back each time, either, leaving Lien never quite sure when her burning, aching lungs would get more fresh air between savage thrusts of coal-black, throat-stuffing tauren cock. Each time his did pull all the way out, she'd suck in a desperate gasp of air before his fat cockhead plowed back into her throat at a new angle, the impact stretching her throat even more than his sheer size already did, making her eyes water and her body tremble, the sensation of that blunt pounding teetering on the very edge of turning from discomfort to pain, but the tears welling in her eyes couldn't quench the fiery determination still burning within them. 

Rhuno fucked like a beast, but Lien gave as good as she got. The pandaren swallowed around the red-hot cock invading her throat over and over, a rhythmic wave of tight muscle milking the steel shaft as it pumped in and out like a piston. Her tongue, pinned against her lower jaw by the sheer girth of the beast, still squirmed and licked eagerly, teasing and stimulating the fat cum-tube running along the underside of the monstrous member that sawed over the pink muscle with every thrust. Each time he pulled her down and buried her face in his crotch, her lips tightened, sealing around the vein-marbled shaft, and when he pulled back, her cheeks hollowed deeply as they formed a vacuum. There was just too much cock to maintain such a grip on, though she certainly tried, and each time he pulled her head back again, another long, wet, nasty slurping noise filled the steamy air around them, leaving the gloriously throbbing shaft dripping with glistening strands of spit, which mostly ended up covering her face when he thrust back in again, leaving her lips and cheeks a sticky, nasty mess. She didn't care what she looked like though, she could hardly even think straight, her mind was swimming as her lungs burned with need for air, but the entire time, her bleary gaze was fixed on Rhuno's face, even as her eyelids fluttered, watching him as his expression twisted, torn between an almost sadistic expression of ravenous lust and one of panting, blissful ecstasy. Pleasured groans and grunts of effort rumbled out of his barrel chest as he pounded her throat, music to her ears. The sounds of his pleasure made her pussy twitch, squeezing tight around the two fingers relentlessly pumping in and out of her needy slit, her other paw working her throbbing clit in tiny circles, faster and faster. 

Rhuno let out a deep groan, head rolling back as he cried out to the heavens, only for the sound to turn into a lustful growl as he grit his teeth and snapped his head back down, sharp blue eyes burning with furious lust. He leaned forward, hunching over the pandren's kneeling form as his thrusting hips redoubled their pace, the sudden burst of speed catching Lien by surprise, her eyes snapping open wide as the mighty tauren warrior surrendered the last of his restraint and rutted into her throat like a savage beast, his heavy, swinging balls tightening in their sack. She would have moaned if her throat wasn't blocked by pistoning, coal-black bull-cock. Instead, she redoubled her efforts, swallowing faster around the brutally bucking beast, tongue teasing the root of the monolithic pillar of manhood, tightening her lips even more, the wet, sloppy sucking sounds filling the air around them. She could feel what was coming, just as surely as he could, and below the water's surface, her paws hastened their efforts as her inner walls twitched and squeezed around her fingers.

Rhuno's grip on the Lien's head tightened as she sucked even harder at his pulsing shaft, his gaze fixed on her face as he forced it up and down his length over and over. Her soft cheeks, messy with spit and hollowed deeply as he pulled his hips back, her dark lips, gripping lewdly around his vein-marbled girth, unwilling to let go, her emerald eyes, glistening with tears but still burning with determination... He felt the dam burst inside him, and in that moment, there was only one thing he wanted to do. His arms flexed, and with a wet, slurping pop, he pulled Lien's head off his cock entirely, the coal-black shaft throbbing and bucking wildly in the air, a thick layer of glistening spit coating its veiny surface, shimmering strands linking the monstrous member to the pandaren's soft lips. Instinctively, she gasped for air as his hands left her head, panting heavily as she blinked in surprise, confusion, and just a little bit of awe. The mighty pillar just looked so... MASSIVE, even as the tauren's huge, calloused hands closed around its girth and began furiously pumping at its length, muscles and tendons straining as he half-groaned, half-growled, levelling the fist-sized crown directly at her. The realization of what was coming struck her, and she let out a trembling moan of aroused anticipation, a third finger suddenly pushing itself between her lower lips. "Do it! Cover me!" She urged, her voice ragged and breathy as she opened her mouth and let her tongue loll out invitingly.

Rhuno let loose a deep, primal roar as his heavy, orange-sized balls tightened, cum surging up his length, the sheer volume of thick, potent tauren spunk that rose from deep inside him making the cum-channel running along its underside bulge. When it finally reached the swollen tip, his cock went off like a cannon, firing off a titanic blast of thick, white-hot cum directly at Lien, a geyser of pearly seed, the stream thick as her thumb as it rocketed across the space between them and landed with a heavy splat upon her face. One her eyelids reflexively snapped shut just before the thick rope of tauren sperm splattered across her features, gluing one of them closed as it zigzagged crazily across that entire side of her face. It seemed to go on forever, and just as it ended, another began, his heavy balls tightening once more as another, equally massive load landed squarely on her extended tongue, easily coating the pink muscle in thick, salty, musky spunk, with enough left over to fill her open mouth to overflowing, thick, ropy strands drooling down her chin to land on her massive, pale-furred tits.

As she closed her mouth, tilted her head back and swallowed, feeling the steaming-hot cream slide down her throat as yet another rope of thick bull-spunk splattered across her face, she froze in place, even her hands suddenly still as she shuddered uncontrollably, her inner walls clamping down on her thrusting fingers as she came. A tiny, whimpering squeak escaped her throat as she trembled in the grip of ecstasy, pleasure shooting through her body, running along her nerves like electric fire, her mind going blank as pure, blissful sensation overwhelmed all thought. She could feel ropes of thick, sticky spunk splattering on her skin, painting her face with a mask of cum as thick as pudding, feel them impact her neck and shoulders, marking her as the weapon aimed downward, blast after blast hitting her heaving tits with enough weight and force to make the massive melons bounce and jiggle as he covered them with his seed. 

As the final spurts of his truly monstrous load drooled from the pulsing head of his shaft, Rhuno gave one final grunt, strong, calloused hands milking the cream out of his shaft, letting to drip onto Lien's face with a quiet splat, disappearing into the thick layer of slowly-dripping, sticky seed that covered her face almost entirely, offering only glimpses of the black-and-white fur beneath. There was a moment of silence before the pandaren finally opened her mouth, visibly relaxing as she let out the breath she'd been unknowingly holding through her climax. Her pink tongue poked out from between her lips and ran around them, gathering up the pearly white seed that clung to the and drawing it into her mouth, gulping it down, then letting out a small sigh of satisfaction. 

"Fuck... you took that literally, didn't you? I'm covered..." She panted, softly, as she raised her hand from under the water's surface to wipe away the sticky cream covering her eyes, blinking them open a moment later as she brought the cum-covered fingers to her lips and licked them clean, her eyes unfocused, distant, like she was in a trance. "Light, there's so much... and it's so thick..." She breathed with a tone of awe as she traced her fingers through the mask of cream he'd left her with, letting them roam down to her chest. "You even covered my tits!" She added as she rubbed the sticky spunk over the surface of her pale-furred melons with her paws, squeezing them together for a moment as she did. 

Lien chuckled to herself, playing with the thick, sticky seed for a moment, then suddenly leaned back, letting herself fall backward and disappear under the water. There was silence for a few moments, the surface faintly rippling as she vigorously scrubbed at her face and chest, before she emerged from underwater once more, now clean. She pushed herself to her paws, her curvy, hourglass body twisting as she stretched, her massive, pale melons wobbling and swaying as she did. One paw rose to her face, cupping her jaw gently, shifting it experimentally from side to side. "Fuck, that was so intense at the end there! I think you bruised my lips!" She exclaimed with a grin.
