 [pre-story]

Content Warnings: Unrealistic anatomy, huge cock, huge tits, huge ass, cervical penetration, chubby, BBW

Disclaimer: All characters are 18+

[/pre-story]

Test Your Might: Part 5

Lien's wide, rounded hips rolled with every stride as she waded her way to the water's edge. She didn't have to look, she could feel Rhuno's gaze burning on her jiggling, bountiful backside, the dark-furred tauren entranced by the hypnotic sway. If there were ever such a thing as the perfect ass, hers might be it. It was enormous, but perfectly-shaped, her broad hips supporting twin hemispheres of thick, juicy ass, the sheer bounty of her plump rear squishing them together just a little. The pattern of her fur only emphasized its size, the black fur on her legs shifting abruptly to white at the middle of her plush thighs, the stark contrast making her gloriously round ass stand out all the more, like all-natural thigh-high stockings, and a short, stubby little black tail emerged from her tailbone, drawing the eye to that impossibly soft-yet-firm ass. When she reached the ledge at the water's edge, she glanced back over her shoulder with a teasing smirk and leaned forward, planting her hands on the ground and pushing her hips back, stubby tail wiggling excitedly as her divine ass was thrust to even greater prominence, the twin moons parting slightly, her feet together, thighs squeezed tight, giving it an irresistible heart shape. 

Rhuno hardly even noticed he was walking forward, his monstrous, coal-black cock swinging side-to-side as he advanced, wading through the steamy spring water, still hard as steel even after covering the pandaren in a massive load. It was only when he drew close enough to touch her that he regained proper control once more, one massive, three-fingered hand reaching out to rest upon one flared hip, sliding down and back to grab a handful of her flawless ass, the soft flesh bulging out between his thick, calloused digits. Lien gave a soft coo hips pushing back against the greedily groping hand. Rhuno gripped the base of his cock with his other hand as he stepped up close behind her, slapping the red-hot dark iron shaft down between her supple cheeks, drawing a sharp gasp from the full-figured female. His other hand moved to join its brother on the pandaren's ass, hungrily kneading at the soft globes of cushiony ass, thumbs spreading them apart to expose the dark ring of her puckered asshole, then squeezing them back together again, groaning softly as the meaty globes of her backside engulfed his fearsome girth, the fat head poking at her stubby tail as the shaft throbbed, hot and hungry, against her asshole. 

"Earthmother's tits..." Rhuno muttered with awe at the sight and sensations of her glorious backside wrapped around his shaft.

Lien bit her lip, feeling the heat of his steely shaft penetrate her ass and hips, a soothing, relaxing warmth that made the ring of muscle tingle and twitch slightly. She'd enjoyed all sorts of sex in her travels, but she'd never had anything larger than an orc's finger inside her ass, and the thought of Rhuno's immense member stretching her nearly-virgin hole wide made her shudder... though whether from horror or desire, she couldn't be sure. 

Lien's hips pushed back against the throbbing pillar of tauren cock wedged between her ass cheeks, grinding up and down just a little as she did so, twisting around to glance back over her shoulder with a smirk. "It's a little late to start teasing me, isn't it?" She asked playfully, biting her lip as she arched her spine, angling her hips to present the dripping slit peeking out between her thick thighs more prominently. "I'm so wet... Hurry... I need it inside me..." She whined, wagging her hips side-to-side impatiently.

Rhuno huffed through his nose, his cock throbbing between the pandaren's thick globes of ass, and his calloused hands slid up, exchanging their their hold on her supple ass to wrap around her hips, gripping firmly. He drew his hips back, his thick cock sliding out of the warm embrace of her gloriously thick backside until it popped free entirely, the brutal shaft's own weight levelling its blunt crown directly at the curvy pandaren's drooling, hungry slit. His hips eased forward, the red-hot knob grinding against those soaking wet lips, the tender folds slowly spreading around the helmet-shaped head.

Lien hummed with pleasure. "The warmth tingles..." She purred, letting the sentence drift off and nibbling her lower lip for a moment, before suddenly planting her palms on the ground and pushing herself back, a throaty moan forcing itself past her lips as her drooling slit forcefully stretched around the coal-black tip of the tauren's titanic shaft. A shudder of delight raced up her spine as she felt that red-hot rod fill her pussy like nothing before, the warmth of it radiating all through her core. "...But I need more than tingles!" She finished, glancing back over her shoulder again with a hungry look. "Give it to me. I want to feel every last inch inside me. I want to feel you stretch me like never before. I want it DEEP and HARD. Come on! I can take it! MAKE me take it! Pound my pussy like you pounded my throat!" She challenged, rolling her hips lewdly to further entice the dark-furred bull, her inner walls rippling around the fearsome weapon. 

Rhuno groaned in response, his cock throbbing inside her angrily, swelling a little thicker with pure arousal, veins bulging on its surface. His mind was at war with itself. He tried so hard to be kind and considerate and gentle since his reform, he never wanted to hurt anyone who didn't deserve it again, and so he held back... but now this gorgeous pandaren warrior WANTED him to stop holding back, to treat her rough, to fuck her with all his strength... His grip on her hips tightened, a wicked grin spreading across his lips. "Deep and hard, huh?" He half-growled, his voice rumbling out of his chest. His hips drew back, pulling out an inch or so. "Like THIS?!" He snarled, stepping forward, planting his hooves and slamming a foot of massive tauren cock deep inside the pandaren's pussy in a single, brutal thrust, his blunt cockhead slamming against the gates of her womb with enough force to push her forward and force her up onto her tiptoes. 

The ragged, throaty moan that forced itself past Lien's lips was answer enough. Her fingers curled, short claws digging furrows in the dirt as they did, her eyelids fluttering as the savage blow sent a wave of intense sensation shooting through her core, almost painful, but the soothing magical warmth kept it from reaching that point. The force of the impact made her pale melons swing and bounce wildly as they hung heavily off her chest, dark nipples hard as pebbles "Yessss~!..." Lien hissed, her knees trembling slightly as she pushed her hips back, grinding her cervix against the invading cockhead. He was longer and thicker than anything that had gone before him, she could feel her wall stretch and strain to accommodate the brutish club of a cock, enchanted heat allowing her tender hole to relax enough to take it, even as her core twitched and spasmed uncontrollably, squeezing and tightening around him. 

It was then that Lien managed to realize that she couldn't feel his hips on her ass, and her eyes widened as she turned to look at him again. "That's not all of it?" She asked, incredulously, with a look of shock and awe of her face. Rhuno's grin grew a little wider, and he responded by grinding his hips forward forcefully, straining against her cervix to force another inch of steel-hard tauren bull-cock into her before easing back and letting it slide back out. Lien moaned. "F-fuck... Keep going! Fuck me hard! Don't stop until you stuff every last inch inside me! I need to take it ALL, I don't care if it BREAKS me!" She demanded with a breathless excitement, rolling her hips lustily. 

Rhuno groaned, his fearsome shaft throbbing with arousal at her words. She really meant it, didn't she? She didn't need to warm up, she didn't need to be eased into it, she needed to be pounded hard and fast. He tightened his grip on her hips as he yanked his own back sharply, nearly a foot of thick tauren cock suddenly pulling out of her tightly-gripping hole, his flared cockhead pulling at the tender folds of her innermost wals. Lien moaned at the sudden surge of sensation as the movement made her nerves light up, the sound turning into a needy whimper as the bull-cock's absence left her feeling empty. 

Lien didn't have long to wait, at least, Rhuno slammed his hips forward again a mere moment later, the monstrous, red-hot shaft filling her once more, its girth stretching her inner walls as the blunt tip pounded against the mouth of her womb, the powerful impact making her entire body jolt, a throaty moan pouring from her lips. The radiating warmth of his enchanted member made her pussy melt, but still, her inner walls squeezed and spasmed around the mighty member, clinging to every vein-marbled inch of coal-black bull-cock. He ground the tip against her womb for a moment, his grip on her hips holding them firmly in place as he strained against her innermost barrier, before suddenly pulling back once more, the sudden reversal feeling like it threatened to turn her inside out. Her whimpering moan at the emptiness suddenly became a cry of lust and pleasure as the tauren warrior slammed his hips forward, giving her not even a moment to rest, his fearsome weapon once more plunging deep into her core, stretching and filling her, blunt cockhead hammering against the gates of her womb like a battering ram, the wall of muscle straining to keep him out of the promised land beyond.

Lien's cries of pleasure filled the steamy air as Rhuno pressed the attack, grunting and growling from deep in his chest as he relentlessly hammered his monstrous shaft against the barrier protecting the pandaren's sacred womb over and over again, the force and speed of his thrusts churning up the spring water around his legs. "F-FUCK!" She cried out, her eyelids fluttered as each impact sent a shower of burning, brilliant sparks of pleasure shooting through her core, like flint striking steel. "YESS~!" She wailed, feeling the barrier weaken bit by bit, the last vestiges of her body's resistance to the fat tauren cock invading her depths slowly melting away before the unyielding, red-hot shaft. The moment it gave way entirely was so close, she couldn't wait, just a little more... She wanted it like nothing she ever had before, but at the same time, she couldn't just give it to him, she couldn't relax and let him into her womb, no, he had to TAKE it. "HARDER~!" She half-growled in challenge and half-begged in desperation, her entire body squirming impatiently in his vice-like grip.

"Harder?!" Rhuno snarled, the last strand of his restraint snapping. She wanted it harder, she'd GET IT. Lien felt one of the tauren's massive hand leave her hips, then gasped in surprise as it suddenly wrapped around the back of her head, thick, calloused fingers gripping her skull and suddenly pushing down hard. Taken by surprise and weakened by pleasure, her elbows gave out, and the massive tauren forced her upper body down, her enormous breasts flattening against the ground as his hand pinned her head to the ground, pushing her cheek into the dirt, forcing her spine to arch and push her ass up high as his massive, muscular bulk held her down. "I'LL SHOW YOU HARDER!" He roared.

Before Lien could even comprehend the sudden change in position, his hips yanked back until only his head was still inside her and then slammed forward as hard and deep as they possibly could, his every muscle straining as his steel-hard member plunged into her with the full might of a charging tauren warrior. It was all over in an instant. The brutish bull-cock struck her inner barrier like a battering ram, and the gates that had struggled to resist its advances for so long gave way, the coal-black pillar of red-hot tauren shaft finally plunging into her womb, the tender, plush, silken walls of her sacred depths suddenly stretched impossibly around the throbbing head of that massive, conquering cock as it strained against the back wall of her womb. His dark-furred hips slammed into the pale twin moons of her gloriously thick ass hard enough to make an audible smack and send a ripple of force through the soft flesh, her cushiony backside squishing against his rugged abs, his fat, grapefruit-sized balls striking the back of her squeezed-together thighs like twin wrecking balls, sloshing with his potent tauren seed.

Lien SCREAMED, a deep, ragged, throaty scream that rose, unbidden, from deep inside her core as a wave of white-hot ecstasy overtook her in that instant, an explosion of sensation that started in her core and ripped through her entire body, every muscle it passed over tightening to the point of strain, every nerve on fire with raw, overwhelming sensation. As the shockwave reached her head and burned away her rational mind, her last coherent thought as her eyes rolled skyward was simple, a single word: 'Finally'. She trembled and shook like a leaf in a hurricane as her muscles spasmed, her inner walls squeezing around the red-hot shaft planted inside her, every ripple and fold trembling uncontrollably, the mouth of her womb clamping down like a vice, the walls of her womb caressing his swollen grown like oiled silk. The biggest orgasm the pandaren had ever experienced gripped her helpless body for what seemed like an eternity. She gripped fistfuls of the nearby plants, ripping them from the dirt as it just kept going, her knees trembling, then giving out entirely, leaving her entire lower half supported only by the tauren's powerful hand gripping her hips and the throbbing shaft planted deep in her womb, her feet kicking uselessly, toes curling. She soon ran out of air to scream with, and the echoing cries of passion fell silent, her features still contorted with uncontrollable pleasure, mouth hanging open in a silent exaltation.

When the pleasure finally abated, Lien could only pant for breath for a long moment, her trembling body still rocked by electric aftershocks each time the bull's monstrous cock throbbed inside her hypersensitive pussy. "F-fuck..." She muttered, weakly, still drained by the overwhelming pleasure. "That... That was... incredible!..." She added, half-moaning and half-muttering. She let go of the mangled plants she'd mindlessly grabbed in her ecstasy and got her paws back underneath her, knees still shaking, but holding her weight. She planted her paws on the ground by her shoulders and moved to push herself up... but the hand on the back of her head didn't move, the weight of the massive bull looming over her didn't ease off, or even shift. She felt the cock inside her womb throb, unsatisfied, and her eyes widened.

Rhuno lowered his head, still pinning her down, and spoke, his voice a low, rumbling, dangerous growl. "I'm not done with you yet." He told her, matter-of-factly. "Just remember: You asked for this." He added, a wicked smirk creeping across his features.

Lien shivered as his words echoed in her ears, letting out a tiny whimper, her inner walls twitching and spasming in anticipation of what was to come.