 [pre-story]

Content Warnings: Unrealistic anatomy, huge cock, huge ass, huge tits, BBW, chubby, cervical penetration, excessive cum, stomach bulge

Disclaimer: All characters are 18+

[/pre-story]

Test Your Might: Part 6

"Just remember: You asked for this."

Lien shuddered, feeling Rhuno's red-hot darksteel shaft throb inside her, reaching impossibly deep inside her womb, long as her forearm and thicker than her wrist. Her hypersensitive walls clung to every fat, vein-marbled inch of tauren bull-cock, letting her feel every contour as her core continued to twitch and spasm in the aftermath of her powerful orgasm. The bull was practically on top of her, one massive, three-fingered hand on her head, grinding the side of her face into the soft undergrowth at the edge of the spring, along with her melon-sized mammaries, as he held her down. Her generously padded ass squished against the tauren behemoth's granite abs as he held his hips tight against hers, fat balls the size of ripe grapefruit churning with another load of boiling-hot tauren cum as they rested against the back of her thick thighs. Perhaps, if she'd been able to speak properly, she'd have urged him to fuck her hard, challenged him to ravage her womb, to pound her into submission, to pump her belly full of his hot, thick, tauren seed. But for the moment, all she could manage was to give a muffled moan and squirm in the tauren's grasp, her hips grinding against his as her core rippled around his unyielding length. 

That wordless gesture of eagerness, of willing submission, was the last push Rhuno needed to surrender himself to his instincts, to finally unleash the basic, primal impulses he'd been holding back, to let go of the final shred of restraint he had left. His hips pulled back, a sharp tugging sensation deep inside her as the flared ridge of his cockhead pulled through the tight ring of muscle at the mouth of her womb. Her silken walls clung to every inch as it pulled back, like her depth were desperately trying to pull him back in, but he didn't stop, letting the sensations of her hot, wet inner walls caressing his vein-marbled shaft wash over him, until his entire length was outside her, leaving only the fat, bulbous head inside her entrance. The glistening pillar of coal-black cock throbbed impatiently, veins bulging angrily as it lingered outside her for a mere moment.

Rhuno's granite abs flexed, and with a huff like a charging bull, his hips slammed forward once more, his shaft a darksteel battering ram that plowed into her rippling depths, stretching and spreading her inner walls around the blunt, helmet-shaped head. It plunged into her, inch after inch, until it met the mouth of her womb once more, the weakened barrier automatically trying to close once more, struggling futilely to hold him back, but only for a moment, before the fearsome weapon shattered its defenses once more and slammed into her womb once again, hammering the pandaren's deepest depths with its tip as his hips smacked loudly against her thick, juicy ass. Plush, cushioned ass-cheeks quivered with the impact, a ripple of force running through her curvaceous form, her spine arching to absorb the blow, unthinkingly raising her ass higher and presenting that jaw-dropping backside for him. 

For Rhuno, it was like coming home. Lien's toned core gripped his vein-marbled shaft like it was made to sheathe tauren cocks, her silken walls clinging to every inch as they rippled and spasmed around him, almost milking him for his seed, the supple muscle within a stark contrast to the soft, thick, meaty ass that cushioned his savage thrusts. Her wide, round hips begged to be held, to be gripped tight as she's pounded savagely, as blast after blast of potent cum is poured deep into her womb, as she's bred like an animal in heat... And for Lien, that pulsing, steely shaft was truly massive inside her, a thick, meaty pillar of coal-black cock, a red-hot spear that burned and bucked inside her, that pierced deep into her womb... She felt impossibly stretched around its girth, her pussy reshaped into a cocksleeve for the titanic bull-cock.

The thick steam that hung over the hot springs muffled the deep growl that rumbled out of Rhuno's barrel chest, like distant thunder, as Lien's innermost depths rippled and squeezed around his sensitive shaft. But there was no savoring the sensations, his primal instincts drove him now, spurred him on, pushed him to keep going, and his body obeyed. His hips pulled back, and Lien let out a shuddering moan of her own as the flared ridge of his head tugged at every fold of her pussy. Inch after glistening inch of nectar-soaked tauren cock emerged from the pandaren's stretched lower lips. There was no pause this time, no hesitation, only a sudden tug as his hips pulled back, winding up before his entire body lunged forward, every muscle in his hulking form working as one to drive every last inch of darksteel cock deep into the pandaren's womb in a single thrust. His hips slammed into hers with all his strength, driving the air from her lungs in a throaty scream of ecstasy and forcing her spine to arch as the force of the blow lifted her paws off the ground, legs twitching helplessly and toes curling uncontrollably under the hot spring's waters as he slammed his hips against her thick ass. 

As Rhuno began to move once more, drawing a full foot of steely tauren shaft out of Lien's gripping, hungry depths, before slamming it back in, over and over, hips pounding against her cushioned backside with each brutal thrust, time seemed to blur. The two lost themselves in the pleasure, surrendering their minds and bodies to the ecstasy that surged through them with each collision of their hips, the rhythmic pounding of flesh on flesh the only sign of time's movement. The cloud of steam that hung over them silenced the world beyond it, isolating the two in a timeless bubble of carnal pleasure. Neither knew how long it had been, but neither cared, not wanting the pleasure to end. Scant hours ago, they were strangers, then unexpected allies, then two travelers sharing a camp, and then lovers, but in this moment, this hazy, timeless space shared by the two of them alone, they were animals, rutting beasts, having given up their rational minds to their instincts, surrendered wholly to the primal impulse to mate... to breed.

Rhuno felt that instinct grew stronger and stronger with each thrust of his hips, each surge of sensation, each trembling spasm of Lien's inner walls that squeezed and milked at his throbbing shaft, her womb hungry for his seed. A sort of pressure began to build and build in his core, a molten sea of white-hot pleasure boiling up inside him. There was no fighting it, not after his release had been denied and delayed so long. Rhuno was a towering figure, a mountain of granite muscle with a will of iron, a paladin who stood his ground against dragons and titans, who endured in the face of horrors that drove men mad and wounds that would have killed lesser men... But this, he could not endure, and that mountain of tauren muscle shuddered, a deep, ragged groan rising out of his chest, heralding a volcanic eruption that rocked him to his core.

Lien's moans suddenly rose an octave as Rhuno's darksteel shaft swelled even thicker, that red-hot pillar of tauren cock throbbing and bucking violently inside her womb. His hips hammered against hers even faster, and she was helpless to resist, her training abandoning her, her finely-tuned muscles spasming as each thrust of that monstrous cock sent electric sensations shooting through her. With each dull impact deep in her womb, her toes curled, her legs twitched uselessly, her core spasmed, her eyelids fluttered, and she clawed at the soft earth underneath her, blunt claws leaving long furrows. Her mind was a raging storm of ecstasy, a whirling, swirling infinity, the endless storm punctuated only by dancing arcs of hot electric sensation. Any rational thoughts that struggled to form amid the chaos were swiftly torn asunder by the raging winds or fried by arcs of electricity. But while her mind was lost in the storm, her body still knew what was coming, on some deep, primal level, and it knew what to do.

Rhuno's cock throbbed violently, thick veins bulging, his heart pounding in his barrel chest as it struggled to keep up with the demands of the monstrous organ and the needs of the slabs of muscle that strained again and again to drive every last inch of cock into Lien's eager pussy. Lien's eyes rolled back in their sockets as her core suddenly clamped down around the red-hot shaft invading her womb, her innermost walls trembling as the action ground every raw, sensitive nerve against the thick shaft that continued to piston in and out of her depths, amplifying her pleasure. The sudden pressure around his shaft was all it took to set Rhuno off. His hips slammed forward, planting every last inch of his shaft deep inside Lien, his blunt tip hot and pulsing against the silken walls of Lien's womb. Suddenly, he doubled over, his broad, muscular chest falling forward until it pressed flush against the pandaren's back, his hands abandoning their places on her head and hips, powerful, muscular limbs suddenly wrapping around her chest and stomach in a tight, almost crushing, but unbelievably warm, embrace. 

Time seemed to slow as their bodies pressed close together. A groan rose from deep in Rhuno's chest, and Lien could feel the deep rumble of it against her back as it escaped his lips, inches from her ear, the feeling of his hot breath sending a shiver down her spine. His overstuffed sack tightened, straining to lift the combined weight of the twin grapefruit-sized orbs within, his fat balls churning against the back of her thighs as they prepared to unleash their potent contents. The mouth of Lien's womb clamped around his shaft like a vice as her depths spasmed uncontrollably, hungry for the tauren's seed. She didn't have long to wait, Rhuno felt the eruption begin, every powerful slab of muscle in his body trembling as the knot of white hot pleasure in his core exploded, a fireball of ecstasy that consumed his very being, as his molten seed boiled up from deep inside him. 

Lien could feel the long tube running along the underside of his mammoth member swell as a surge of thick tauren seed coursed up its length, she could feel it pushing into her, deeper and deeper, feel it stalled by the seal that the mouth of her womb maintained around his shaft, she felt the pressure build for half a moment, then felt it explode forward once again, overpowering the final barrier in its way as it surged toward the blunt tip of the bull's fearsome weapon. Rhuno's cock bucked inside her womb like an angry bull trying to throw its rider as it fired its first blast of white-hot tauren seed directly into the silken back wall of her womb. It struck her core with the force of a tiny fist, pouring into her like molten gold, boiling hot, thick, and sticky, it clung to her walls even as it flooded her womb. Now, it was Lien's turn to buck, her claws ripping handfuls of small ferns from the earth as she arched her spine and threw her head back against the bull's shoulder, her eyes rolling up into her head as her mouth fell open and her tongue lolled out, a ragged moan, almost violent, tore out of her, a husky, wordless scream of pure ecstasy, as her second orgasm struck her like a bolt of lightning. White-hot electric ecstasy shot up her spine like it was a lightning rod, thousands upon thousands of dancing arcs of pure pleasure branching off to race along every nerve in her body, making every muscle spasm as the current reached her mind and everything went white for a moment.

Rhuno's eyes squeezed shut as he came, and came, and came, Lien's core spasming and squeezing wildly around his shaft as she came hard. After being edged and denied release again and again, his balls were full to bursting, it just didn't stop. Normally, it surged forth in spurts, one womb-filling blast after another, but this... it was more like he'd turned on a firehose. Thick, boiling tauren seed sprayed into Lien's womb in a constant, finger-thick stream, relentlessly splattering against the back wall of her womb with all the power and heat of dragonfire, the pressure barely weakening between the throbs of his darksteel bull-cock. In an instant, her womb was completely filled, soaked with Rhuno's potent seed, and with each passing second, the tauren stuffed more and more and more into her sacred depths, her womb stretching in a way she'd never thought possible as it struggled to contain the sloshing, churning, boiling-hot load. He could feel pressure on the arm wrapped around her stomach as it swelled with the sheer volume of seed he poured into her, and then he felt her womb overflow, the trembling barrier no longer able to contain it all, a gush of his own pearly seed escaping around his girth. It flooded into her pussy, more and more and more each time her barrier spasmed, thick bull-cum soon coating every ripple and fold of her innermost walls as they continued to quiver with pleasure. Soon, it was too much to contain altogether, and as her walls clamped down, they forced a surge of pearly seed out around the base of his coal-black shaft, his thick seed mingling with her own sweet nectar as they ran down his churning balls and matted the fur on both of their thighs, before finally dripping into the hotspring below. 

Time was lost to the two of them as their bodies pressed tight together, sharing this endless instant of raw, primal satisfaction as their bodies sang with ecstasy having fulfilled their deepest, most fundamental drive- to mate. But all things do end, eventually, and as the relentless flow of hot cum pouring into Lien's womb tapered off from a river to a stream to a trickle, so too did the all-consuming ecstasy of their shared orgasms, leaving the pair drained, panting and sweaty as they lay, limply, together. Rhuno's powerful arms stayed wrapped around Lien, wordlessly holding her in his embrace as the mind-numbing pleasure gave way to the lingering warmth of afterglow. 

"Mmmmhhhhm~" Lien purred with satisfaction as she managed to lift her head off the ground, eyes still half-lidded, unconsciously rubbing her neck against the tauren's broad shoulder as he lay on top of her. "That was... amazing~..." She added, with a happy sigh, then shifted a little underneath him. "You're a little heavy though..."

Rhuno smiled, dreamily, eyes still closed. "Mhm..." He hummed in reply. It seemed to take him a moment to process her final statement, but after a second or two, his eyes cracked open in surprise. "Oh! Sorry." He muttered, one arm unwrapping from around her stomach to plant flat on the edge of the spring, the other continuing to hold her body against his as he pushed them both halfway upright, the motion making their hips shift and drawing a short, sharp gasp from Lien as his shaft levered inside her overstuffed womb.

"Sorry, but you were crushing the girls a little." She explained, paws coming up to gently massage her own breasts. She rolled her hips against his slightly, and let out a soft moan as his shaft shifted inside her once more. "Mh! I can't beleive you're still hard... after all this..." She mutters, gesturing to her stomach, slightly swollen with the sheer amount of cum pumped into her womb.

"I can." Rhuno replied with a playful growl, his free hand coming up to rest his large, calloused palm atop her own hand, blunt fingers closing around her soft, pillowy breast and giving it a gentle squeeze, his shaft throbbing inside her. "How could I not be with such a beauty before me?" He asked.

"Mmmm~, I don't know if my pussy can handle another load like that..." She muttered, giving a small laugh, though she had to admit, the longer he stayed inside her, hard as steel, the more tempting the prospect sounded...

Rhuno's grin widened, and he leaned his head down, his lips by her ear. "Well, then... Maybe I should find somewhere else to put the next one..." He whispered, hotly, into her ear, as he gently ground his hips forward, pressing his hips against her cushioned ass.

Lien's eyes widened in surprise for a moment as she let out a soft gasp, feeling him move inside her once more, but her expression soon softened, eyes half-lidded, a faint smirk tugging at the corner of her mouth and she chewed her lower lip, thoughtfully.