 I don't know how I got here, my history to this moment is a complete unknown. I'm sure if I tried, my past could be revealed to me by traveling down the familiar paths. Here, a place beckons me to rest my weary feet. Here, the thankless journey of my travels finally meets a point where security and wanderlust have reached a conflicting peak. My need to continue down the road to an eventual destination is countered by a simple grassy tuft of land, surrounded by wispy reeds on the banks of a majestic lake.

The wind sings to me running through the leaves of many trees, entering my ears, tickling tales of delicious fantasy. I see a companion of this force driving light ripples across the glassy waters. Looking closely insects dance an infinite swarm, gliding impossibly close to the surface. If bugs had lips they would be kissing their reflection. Oh delicate stillness! Reveal to me your mysteries!

I claim to a silent watcher as I perch myself upon this soft rise, water surrounding me on all sides. My thoughts begin to wander through the familiar territory of past lovers. How tender their lashings and how sharp their care. I wonder if it's the same as everyone out there. Or is it me that remains the same, through all this time, as much as I seem to change, it remains always, the same. Perhaps joy lies in that intertwining between two minds, the delicate action of intentionally derived reaction. The give and take of play, poking fun for it's own sake. If I always take the same course, who is to say the result will change? 

How can I change my course, to intentionally will a different set of actions in those few I enjoy to chase and thrill. Always in action, to pause and reflect would be to display vulnerability. A school of dark fish come near the small sandy bank. I study them for their subtleties, which are numerous. Daring not to move, breathe or utter a single distraction which would disturb them, one breaks my concentration in the effort to obtain a bug on the surface. 

A large stone in my well of thought, the ripples reverberate throughout my mind. How I enjoyed playing with my prey, to poke and prod them in a manner that I would hate. For some reason, this ambivalence keeps them interested. The less I care, the closer they come. Often I create mystery where there is none. Why do I enjoy this turmoil? Or is it how I've been trained? Since genuine humanity on my part keeps them far away. I must develop this eternal game, if only to keep myself entertained.
The wind picks up again, and inspires a song of a different sort.

tired tormentor
bored with lust
seeks companion
to break my crust

she is sincere
striking and kind
beauty endearing
savored like wine

i'd keep you forever
just don't run away
but if i meet you
i won't know what to say

The blurred rhyme of the final stanza mimics my emotional state as the pent up frustration and denial catches up with me. I can't even keep someone forever any more. This dream is not even a part of my reality in the most vague sense. It is a continual cycle of wear, rinse, reuse and discard when through. 

Serial monogamy making me diffuse. 

My head finds my hands, as this peaceful place is disturbed by the unease I carry. The tears fill my palms which are fling into the water around me, spraying my sadness in a rough arc of droplets. As I pause with bleary, mirth-stained eyes to contemplate the droplets in a moment of sustained misery, a large, pale shape rushes beneath the surface towards the shore. Hardly a ripple betrays the presence as it breaks through the water at the small sand bar where I was appreciating small fish earlier. 

She is beautifully naked as the water's sheen stretches tight against her skin, reflecting the world around her. Slowly, the tension of the water breaks and falls down her face, allowing her short raven-black hair to breathe the air. With supernatural slowness, this second skin recedes down into the water. When the shifting line frees her widely-set eyes, they audibly pop open, revealing a most delightful round dark iris and form leading into almond-shaped crevices near her tiny, petite nose. Though she is slightly turned to me, revealing her sharp profile, I can still see the light shining through the cornea of her far eye, 
glistening like a fine gem. 

My gaze follows the water line as it descends down her svelte body. I feel her warmth fill the chill air as she is revealed. Her shoulders, soft and sensual begin the gentle curve down her back and sides. A perky, yet oh-so-fuckable apple cheek ass makes for her backside. She looks at me examining her, and my eyes are carried to hers, locking onto each other. I see something familiar in her eyes. Turning towards me with a lithe hip, she glides to the grassy pinnacle where I sit, lowers herself to my level as she begins to sing. 

your words carry across waters afar
waking my slumber
stirring my heart

i cannot help but be touched by your distress
your desires are pure
reaching into my depths

my life is one of purposeless night
you bring me fire
you provide light

oh weary traveler, i know few truths
my name is Sool
and I love you

True to my words, I don't know what to say, so I draw Sool into an embrace. Her skin exudes moisture, being cool and smooth, polished stone. Her scent is pure, my lips move to kiss her. She is soft and very pliable, the most magical set of lips I have ever kissed. The texture of silk with the consistency of clay. I could stay here and kiss her all day. As we break our lip lock, she looks deeply into my eyes and says, "you are for me. I will keep you safe." As my mind begins to contemplate my dangers as being quite few in number, the clouds darken overhead and inform me as to the fallacy of my thinking. 

A disembodied voice of essential evil speaks forth, "Sool, you have broken your prison and your pact. There is no escape for you. Your companion and savior shall meet a similar fate. Run as far as you can, dark waters will always follow."

With a defeated voice, Sool whispers, "Rastmus", then, with a louder cry, "after a thousand years! You won't stop watching me!"

The clouds do not answer, but hover dark and ominous, foreboding the tremendous trials I must shortly endure. 

The pinnacle of strength I saw in her earlier depleted suddenly and she fell to her knees chattering a string of nonsense, "Knew I shouldn't break the walls... Light burning my eyes... Rush of a chill surrounding the ears... Haunted... Grim... Shallow Burial... must be a sacrifice... Rising fire... Drying my skin ... Keeps all the wetness... safe within."

She looked at me with ferocity, finding her voice, "Will you be bound to me? Tie the cord of spirit around us and go where fate wills? I need to find a safe pool where he cannot find me. " Her eyes cast downward with the implications of her offer. " I could be of service to you, milord." 

Never one to turn aside the fortunes of fate, I draw her close, knowing that whatever is in her future is greater then just myself, I say, " I don't know the peril you hide, when first we kiss, time brings dark skies. Tell me your tale, and I will choose to bring you with me along my path, regardless. " Abandonment need not be reckless, I should know of what dangers await me.

"I will tell you as we walk", putting a finger to my lips, "now, we should entangle ourselves with one another."