 Sool clasps my face with cold, eager hands and draws me to her lips. I feel my strength and will slowly being sapped away into her touch. 

This is not an unpleasant experience, as I know my reserves are vast and constantly being refilled. Indeed, I welcome such energy drain, as these wells are often filled to overflow and waste. 

She shifts the position of her mouth, and I feel the rebound of what she has taken from me. Boundless energy flows into me, arousing and exciting my senses, building the walls of my resivours ever higher. I kiss her with renewed passion and vigor, as what I feed into her is what I get in return. So rare is this the case! 

She presses her weight on top of me, rolling me to the ground. Her knees grasp my sides tightly, as she starts to grind against my stomach with her pelvis. Her lust comes out in hot, sweaty pants of desire. Her eyes narrow, revealing her carnal animal self. 

Much of me is scared, my sides quiver with anxiety, questioning if I will be able to feed her need. What keeps me from running in fear is the complete sense of awe she exudes with an aura of pale diffuse light. I shouldn't worry about her, if I had been locked away for 1000 years, I'd be pretty eager for some play too! 

I feel the softness of her inner thighs against whatever exposed skin I have down there. Before I dare to comment, she says, "You are so warm, it's as if a bonfire is raging in your stomach, and I get to sit on top of it!"

Sool giggles a light-hearted bubbly laugh that sounds like water gurgling within her. She relaxes against my legs, shifting her knees in the air, but still keeping her cold feet against my sides. 

"Tell me, wanderer, why are you frightened of me? Am I not the answer to your dreams?", with a bemused expression on her face. 

With all the contortions of past emotion weighing heavy on my mind, I claim, " I do not wish to fall once again. I must remain distant with my deepest of hearts, as we must eventually part ways. The agony of losing you would be so great and I would rather not face that. "

Sool brays gorgeous obnoxious laughter, "Bwahahah! Cute and silly! You cannot lose me until you completely have me. You may be tough, traveler, but I believe that some things, we can enjoy for the moment as we learn to let go." With this, she places her icy foot underneath my cloth shirt, sending a torrent of shivers up my chest and down my spine. 

Her torment is delicious, feeding my passions frenzy. Often, women are passive, expecting me to ravage them like an uncontrollable animal. Sool is a creature of whim, such unconquerable beauty makes me want to cry with joy. Except, as I draw in my next breath, she places the sole of her other foot directly on my warm belly. 

She is obviously enjoying her treat of me. Sool's feet work in a playful, skittish manner, never staying on one spot too long, and most certainly freezing most of the front of me. I groan and beg her to stop, but the truth is, I enjoy it, and I'm sure she sees the permissive smile on my face. Her weight on my legs, and the whole situation in general, causes my throbbing blood member to rise, I am sure that due to her positioning, she can feel my arousal. 

Sool places both of her feet on my chest. My shirt is probably torn, but certainly affords the naked Sool a view of my exposed flesh. Ice cube toes find and squeeze both of my nipples, tightly. I buck, moan and squirm to try to ease her grip, yet the cold hold remains steadfast. Through my own excitation, I hear her say, "Remove your shirt." I struggle to comply through the thrilling agony of freezing feet.

Her full titties are already very rotund and engorged. A red rash spreads from her gaping smile down her body. Her arousal is apparent, but not so obvious as my own. My cloth leaves my shoulders and I draw myself to her, pushing her delightfully curvy legs apart, off my chest. My hands, two eager explorers, wander through the territory of her soft, pliable ass and up her long, smooth back. We begin to grind, that slow, earthy rhythm of love begins to fill my mind as we experience the internal sensations and share the energies of body flow.

My two explorers cannot help but draw her constantly closer, rubbing her crotch against my thick hardness. We are lost in the play of lips and tongues. She licks my lips, I nibble her chin. I kiss her nose, she sucks on my taster. My mind is filled with the scent of waterfalls and blossoms. We gaze into the window of the other soul, time, all of eternity, becomes completely still. She breaks the stillness with an innocent, caring question. "How do you feel?"

My mind is filled with nothing except pure desire and wet, hot, sticky lust for I can barely speak the words, "I need you."

She smirks and says, "We shall see." As she draws loose the string of my pantaloons my thankful erection springs into the air. It rises higher than the tallest tower and easily past her petite navel. She bubbles a moan of appreciation, anticipation, acceptance and a tiny, teensy bit of fear, "ooouuummmmmnnnnoooohhhh!"