 As Sool exclaims her appreciation of my throbbing penis, a tiny bit of her delicate spittle drools from her mouth, extends a brief tail, hanging for a small eternity, and falls, slowly onto my thick, purple cock top. Goddess saliva impacts and spreads ever so slightly to begin an ascent down my mountainous fleshy peak. Where the wetness contacts my stretched skin, electric pleasure travels down more nerves then I knew I had in my entire body!

Without any control over myself, I begin to twitch and contort my body with Sool on top of me. She is laughing hysterically at my reaction! A deep, blood curdling moan begins to build inside my cavernous chest. These sensations are far more than anything I have experienced or dreamed was possible. Still I feel every agonizing millimeter of spiritual hyper-pleasure ricochet throughout my body as her drool descends over the ridge of my cock head and down a very swollen shaft. A kaleidoscope of colors, emotions, smells and sounds runs through my head as my body channels sensory overload into the deep recesses of my mind. 

My moans turn into yells as a bowling-ball sized cavity near my crotch begins to fill with the vast quantities of sperm I know will be released within seconds. I run out of breath, my face puffy and bloated. As I inhale for my inevitable orgasmic scream, Sool surprises me. 

"Wait. Relax," she says with an amused smile. Simultaneously, she gets my attention by putting her fingers on my lips and at the same time, her hands gently caress my quivering balls, pressing slightly beneath them. Her words cut through me like a knife releasing all the pressure on my nervous system.

I murmur softly into her fingers, as my balls slowly release vital essences into my body. Each pulse is an orgasmic contraction, slowly growing in strength. Her caring caress keeps me entirely calm, although the sensation is just as intense as before, it seems my capacity to adapt has engaged. After the first few orgasms, I feel a warmth spread from my balls to my stomach. I keep expecting to see an ocean of cum flow out in torrents, but it all stays inside.

The warmth spreads to my entire body and begins to heat her cold flesh. With a final orgasmic shudder, I feel the last bit of vitality empty itself from my storage units. 

"Good boy, you did very well," Sool whispers lustily in my ear. "Now you are prime for me." 

I glance down between my legs, to my immense surprise, I am rock hard. So much so, that it is beginning to hurt, as if my arousal is too great for the seams of my body and is trying to free itself.

Sool begins to rub her cunt against my thick rod. Her lips are fringed by a soft mossy fuzz that tickles and tantalizes my cock. With a deliciously wet sound, she rides it long-ways. Slowly, starting at the bottom of my shaft, she glides her slit to contact my head with her clit. She starts to dance against the crevice on the bottom of my head. 

She rests her engorged clit in my cock tip and starts to fuck my pee hole ever so gently. Her motions were smooth and determined before, now they are precise. We are greasing our well oiled machines back into service after much neglect. The contact of her body fluids now serves to feed my arousal, instead of overpowering my system. I begin to clench my dick muscles so that her clit is rubbed. 

Sool moves back to rubbing herself along my cock, the motion much more slick then before. There is less friction and more a sensation of pure warmth. As if I was moving against a hole in a block of very warm ice. I begin to lose myself to the feeling, as it does not have the ebb and flow of fucking, instead, her motion gives me a constant bliss. 

Then I begin to experience something truly curious. As if I possessed the growing clit which is pressing, intermittently, against a hard cock head. I can feel me on the lips of my vagina. They quiver with ecstasy. I begin to feel very empty... very hungry. 

This is a different sort of emptiness then my post orgasmic bliss. It is as if my entire body is a cavern, and this deliciously rubbing penis is slowly filling me with warmth. Now I want nothing more than to get on top of and impale myself on this thick throbbing pole. No, I have to wait until the time is right. Until the warmth grows high enough to open the gates and release the waters. What in the blazes is that nonsense running through my head? I don't know what to do.

Looking down at my empty shell of a body, at once my mind is torn asunder. I see my beautiful chest heave deeply throwing light off a sheen of sweat. I cannot identify with my bliss-filled eyes, as agony has been my friend until this day. Glancing around using Sool's eyes in frantic uncontrollable movements, I find a familiar penis, bloated and swollen beyond belief. I know what it wants. 

My awareness identifies with and rushes back into my body, accompanying this is an enormous pressure where, when my consciousness existed inside of Sool there was an empty void. I cannot tell which of the two was the more uncomfortable, each being a deep set need not being fulfilled, all while pushing against the spirit by growing steadily. 

As it takes me several moments to regain my consciousness and identification, Sool makes the next move, or was it my influence? Her soft lips slip around the head of my cock and kiss it. Immediately, the pressure begins to release slightly. Her long, pointed tongue circumnavigates my knob, just underneath the ridge. She leaves behind no small amount of her heavenly nectar.

When most of the surface on my throbbing cock is covered with her wetness, she takes me into her mouth. She moves her head ever so delicately, her mouth muscle dancing swirls around my shaft as it plunges deliciously into her soft insides. She begins to moan, louder and louder each time my penis comes into contact with the back of her throat. The vibrations move through me and intensify my already engorged desire. The pleasure is so great that I dare not thrust, for fear of losing my cool. Her hands and mouth keep me exceptionally entertained, and if I am to derive any sort of conclusion, she enjoys giving me head. 

Sool's wet pelvis begins to contact my feet with her undulations. I reach down and tap the side of her ass, moving her entire body around my penis like a crank. She keeps me inside the entire time, and shortly, her dripping flower takes root above my head. Here her smell is strong, briefly overpowering my senses with a musk of sex and incense. 

Her lips are skinny and pink, parting to show many layers of folds. The button of her clitoris serves as a starting target for my reaching tongue. I raise my head to inhale her scent as I move towards her clit. Upon contacting her sweet spot, she drives her crotch onto my face. My nose accidently forcing itself into her body cavity, this pushes me further into the act of cunnilingus farther then I usually go.

Using my nose and chin to put pressure on the bottom and top of her vagina, I spread her open for me like rising bread. My tongue now has access to deeper parts of her. I lick all the way down the smaller cavern that leads to her heavenly passage. I softly nibble the ridges between my lips. When I begin to gently circle her hole with my tongue, a torrent of thick, cuntwater is unleashed and I cannot breathe.

She moans deep within her chest and pulls herself off my penis with a casual slurp. Through my brief panic, I see her, mouth gaping wide, eyes full of need as she turns around towards me. 

Waves of dark energy pour from her face. Where as before, she was the light rippling on the water, now she betrays the depths of her hidden oceans. This moment is so beautiful it burns her image into my brain forever. 

With complete authority Sool says, "I am going to have you now." I nod in excited willingness and anticipation.

For Sool is a powerful source of energy, every moment I spend with her expands my horizons beyond their old limits. With her inspiration and support, I can do things for my life that I could not otherwise do. I'm already beginning to regret our inevitable passing of ways, but that is an example of the old thinking that I must discard! If I am to maintain my very sanity when dealing intimately with a form of pure spirit.

We could not ever have a life together. I accept her completely and I am fortunate to be here. She is part of the workings of a world that is greater then mine. Her presence is essential in the grand order of the universe, while I can be transitory, unreliable and human. The love I feel for Sool is beyond any gross earthly desires of possession and absolute control.

One cannot have Sool. To exact the force of my desires to restrain her actions would be as profitable as selling wind from my hands. She excites my spirit, partly because of the dangerous circumstances. 

I feel free to be whomever I want to be. How can I possibly offend a Goddess with my true self? At worst, she finds the burdens of my humanity absolutely hilarious.