 Author's Note:

This is my first story, so any constructive criticism will be appreciated. The story is set in a world where swords, bows and magic rule supreme. 

Edited by Angel Love

This story contains: Non Consent/reluctance material.

Cacus had been working to escape for a long time. Ever since he heard the news. That terrible news that he was to be sold by the Master. Most likely too a wandering slave dealer. Of course Cacus was never meant to know. The Master had told him he was going on a trip to learn things the Master could not, or didn't have the time for teaching. 

The Master did not know he knew the truth. He was sure that whoever he planned to sell him too wasn't going to treat him as nice as the Master's family. Especially the daughter was good to him, always having light work if he had helped the Master and the others on some heavy duty around the farm the day before. She was the only one Cacus really liked, that respected him, not as one of the servants, but as a man. 

But that is getting too far off what he needed to focus on. After working for weeks secretly hiding things that he might need, a few pans, an old sword the Master kept in the attic, a few bits of wire to fashion snares. He had even managed to get a waterproof sail from town big enough to make a tent from. All this was of course pointless if he couldn't get out of the room he was kept in. 

Each one of the slaves, or servants as they preferred to be called had a room, small with a bed and a small window near the roof, there in they lay chained against the back wall. The chain was long enough to lie down, and even move a bit but not long enough to get near the door. But he had been working on that too. And it was now so weakened that he could make good his escape tonight.

And so it happened, he silently broke free the chain from the wall and then picked up the chain carefully as not to rattle it too much and went for the door. It was unlocked as the chain should have prevented him from reaching it in the first place. Outside the room he went for the small wooden box near the end of the corridor. Here lay the keys to all their chains. 

Cacus unlocked the chain, and hid it under the stairs. From there he went up the stairs and to the main door of the house. After he unbolted it and went outside he could see from the position of the moon that he had some time till dawn when he would be missed. Looking through the courtyard of the fortified farm he saw the barn to his left. Quickly making his way there he opened the small side door. 

Finding the items where he left them, he gathered everything and made his way into the woods, it was only then that the great rush of being free hit. It was a bit scary you must know, it was the first time he ever had been free. When he was a small kid he was sold by the Master of his parents to the Master he had served ever since. 

Never did he fight it, after all his bloodline was once conquered and thus they where meant to serve the conquerors. But now Cacus had done the impossible, the unspeakable, he had broken the bonds and was free once again. 

Then and there he vowed to himself that one day he would be the Master. But first he had to make sure his Master would not catch him again, so he needed to make room between him and the farm. He had to be careful though as the night in this land was the time the raiders came out. They were heavily armed bands of barbarians on horseback. Even though he was trained a bit in sword fighting to protect the farm if it came to that he would have stood no chance what so ever against a group of these barbarians. 

All night and most of the next day were spent walking, at times running to get as far away as possible from the house. One time he had to hide in some small bushes when a group of four barbarians came past him. Seeing the items they had tied to their horses they had no doubt raided one of the small settlements that could not afford to build a wall or hire protection.

It was late that day when he saw a big port city in the distance. Standing where he was, on a small hill he could see the mud road that would surely take him to the main gate in the cities fortified wall. Cacus decided it was best he made haste to and try to make it before sunset, after all the guards might not let him in once the gates where closed for the night. 

Once he made his way inside the city he had to find a place to stay. The money that he had stolen from his former Master should be able to afford him that. After walking around for a while he found a very cheap inn he could rent a room in for just four copper pieces. That still left him around thirty silver and some copper. Being exhausted from all the walking for almost a full day he quickly went to bed after getting a bowl of stew and a glass of wine.

The next day he bought some food and a bottle of wine from the innkeeper and made his way on to the streets. Now stocked on food and wine he could remain outside for the next day or two if he needed. From the inn he made his way back to the main gate. Still on his way there he was called over by a big man standing on the side of the street.

"Sir, over here," he had said. "I see you carrying that heavy bag, maybe you would be interested in buying a slave to help you carry that?"

Cacus replied, "For as much as I would like to take this load off my shoulders, I scarcely believe I could afford a slave." He silently hoped he could afford one, both to carry his bag, but also to for fill his ambition of being a Master.

The man laughed, "You are in luck dear sir, for I have a young women to offer for only two gold pieces," not telling Cacus why he was selling her, or why she was so cheap. Normally a slave would cost a man several dozen gold pieces.

Cacus thought about it for a while but decided to take the man up on his offer, perhaps his desire to own his own slave getting the better of his judgment. The man told him to follow and they went into a small alley wear near where they had met. A small house in state of disrepair was where the slave would be. 

After the gold pieces traded hands the slave was introduced. The man told him, "From now on she will be yours." 

Cacus found himself staring at a most beautiful woman that couldn't have been older then himself, she was about 5 foot high, with chocolate color skin and clad in old rags. Even more puzzled than before he led his new slave outside and told her to carry the bags. She refused. With help from the slave dealer he bound her. Once again he made his way to the gates, his new slave following behind him. 

The girl Cacus now owned began to fight against her restraints as soon as they were out of sight from the town guards, and yelled at him, but he paid her no attention. After a while he came across an old trail that looked like it hadn't been used in quite some time running into the woods. Somehow it seamed it was almost calling him, wanting for him to follow it. It took him most of the day to get to the end of the trail, but in the end it was well worth it. 

After passing through a narrow canyon where a cold and crystal clear stream ran, sometimes taking up the full width of the canyon, he came to a clearing. There was a small pond with a small waterfall, and a grassy spot near by. Due to the heavy forest that was now once again almost all around him it was hard to see far beyond that. Cacus tied his new slave to a tree, and took off his clothes. After he had folded them he stepped into the cool water, and swam lightly over to the waterfall. It was perfect. It fell right onto a rock, and into the water. It was the most beautiful place he had ever seen. 

Off course he had never seen much of the world. After a short swim he decided it was time to check out the surroundings. After a short walk around he found he was in what appeared to be a small valley where a house had once stood, the ruins long since overgrown by the forest but still visible here and there. The canyon was the only way in he suspected, even though he had found a cave near the far side of the valley. By the looks of things nobody had been here in ages. That didn't really surprise him since the canyon although it had once held stone steps now was at times pretty inaccessible. 

Going back to where he had left his slave he found her to be asleep leaning back against the tree. He picked himself up off the ground, and very carefully began to pull down the girl's pants. Being how she was, the pants didn't fit her right anyway. She wore no underwear, so her pussy stared him in the face when he had her pants around her ankles. He slid her shirt off carefully, and made sure to block her from the wind. When he had gotten her dirt-covered shirt off, he untied her wrists, but held them in the air with his hand. 

Slowly, he let them down, but she didn't stir. If Cacus's judgment was right, she hadn't had any sleep in the past few days, or a bath. He lifted the petite girl from the ground easily, and felt her stir just a small amount. It was okay now, because he had her in his arms. He walked over to the pond, and tossed her in. The water was deep, and she came up gasping for air. She swam over to the edge where she could just stand and demanded her cloths back. But Cacus would have none of that until she cleaned them and they where dry. Since the sun was now on its way to dive below the horizon Cacus went about to gather some wood for a fire and some long flexible saplings he could use for the tent while she went about washing her cloths. 

After the fire was started and the cloths hung near it the both of them set about to erect the tent near the fire. After that some of the food that Cacus bought earlier was prepared and eaten. Since it was now after sunset and she was getting quite cold still being naked he offered her a cloak he had been wearing. Once it was dark enough and the smoke from the fire had ample time to make sure that the mosquitoes from the pond wouldn't follow him into the tent anymore he told her it was time to go to inside the tent. Cacus first tossed a few hands of sand on the fire and then hurriedly followed her inside.

Once inside he asked her, "What is your name? I can't be referring to you as just my slave all the time." 

She said, "I don't have a name." 

"Well then I guess I will have to think of something, how does Naucrate sound?

"Naucrate? That is a good name," she said, for the first time showing a small smile and some positive emotions.

Seeing no reason to object Cacus replied, "Ok, then I hereby name you Naucrate, first slave of Cacus, now stand, and show me your body."

Reluctantly she stood up and dropped the travel cloak she had been wearing. He could now see her full form for the first time. And what a lovely form it was. Chocolate brown skin, firm tits with small nipples that stood out like bullets. And a pussy that was hidden from view by small curly hair. 

He told her to lie down on her stomach and don't move unless he asked. Then he went to his pack and picked up something that the slave dealer had given him. He applied some of this lubricant to his finger and once he stepped over to Naucrate slowly eased his finger into the folds of her pussy. To his delight he found she was still a virgin. Her cherry would be his, but not this night. 

He then pulled out his finger and moved it up. He moved his finger around a bit and then slowly pulled it out. Looking at her face he noticed she had her eyes closed, and it looked like she was trying to hold back showing her pleasure. Naucrate did try to resist when his finger moved into her arse, but Cacus would have none of that and moved so he could hold her steady. 

She was very tight back there. Probably still a virgin back there too. Still looking like she was holding back her pleasure he decided to test weather she was really enjoying his touch. He rolled her over on her back and trailed his finger across the lines of her stomach. Once he got to her navel he spent some time circling around and placed a kiss on it. Even slower he moved his finger over to the outer folds of her vagina and with his thumb gently tickled her clit. 

She tried to remain still and ignore him, but in the end could not and felt a wave of pleasure emanating from her lower regions. It was getting stronger each time he stroked her. Soon she was totally out of control and just wanted to get off as soon as possible. But Cacus pulled back and moved up to kiss her breasts. After what seamed only a few moments he slid his finger back in her vagina and stopped kissing. 

Missing the feel of his mouth she reached down to her tits and began to grope and maul her nipples. Just as he could sense she was about to come from the pulsation of her vagina on his finger Cacus gently blew on her clit, sending her far over the edge. 

Once she was coming down from her orgasm he told her, "That is it for tonight, you can go to sleep now if you want."

"You are not going to take my virginity?" she asked.

"Not tonight," he replied.

"You are a very odd person," she said.

"Maybe, but I just couldn't leave you all worked up while not getting you off."

She turned beet red and softly whispered, "So you did notice?"

"It was kind of hard not too," he said, "You where getting pretty wet down there."

"I could not fight it, I felt so free when you touched me."

"Don't get too used to it, when we are alone you can act as free as you want, but in public I want you to act as my slave, not as my sister."

She started to weep softly and whimpered, "How can you be so nice and say such awful things?"

"You are mine after all, but now let's go to bed, tomorrow could be a long day." 

Then he pulled her close together and pulled the cloak over them like a blanket. Naucrate fell asleep not sad, but happy. Deep down she knew she had found a Master she knows would take good care of her. She would accept what she was and would do what he asked of her.

The next morning he was awake before her and gently lay her down on the grass inside the tent went outside for a swim. Once he was near the bank of the pond he noticed there where fish in there. After a quick swim he went to make a rod out of a nearby sapling and a bit of wire he had first intended to use as a snare. A big curved thorn from a nearby shrub made for the hook. Once the rod had been finished he had dug up some worms and installed them on a rock near the pond. 

After about half an hour ago he could hear noises form inside the tent and figured Naucrate was awake too. When she came out, still nude, he saw she was smiling at him. Half of the day was spent catching fish and cleaning and around noon they had caught and cleaned so much fish they could not possibly hope to eat it all.

It was then Cacus decided they would go back to the port and sell some of it. And so they did. On the way back to the campsite they where ambushed by a lone barbarian. The man's overconfidence in his own abilities made him try to take on the two travelers by himself. Cacus using his old Masters sword managed to put up a fair fight, but it was Naucrate that saved the day when she hit the barbarian over the head with the supplies they had bought in town. His rage getting the better of him Cacus had killed off the barbarian. When the deed was done he had taken the armor off the dead barbarian.

Once everything had been packed up they quickly made their way back to the camp site. Again when he came close to the path into the woods it seamed to call him, to beckon him. Once they were back he became very curious about the cave on the far side of the little valley. He decided the next day he was going to check it out. 

Early the following day he and Naucrate gathered up some wood they could use as torches and went out to explore the cave. Once inside the damp cave they found that after the small entrance an even smaller passageway stretched deeper into the mountain. After about 50 yards it opened up into a big room that was somehow lit with a blue light coming off a half a dozen magical crystals in the walls and ceiling. 

The room was big enough to build a house in and in its centre was what appeared to be an altar. Moving over to the altar they noticed there where several skeletons lying there, most with broken bones and smashed in skulls, appearing to flee from another passageway leading away from the altar further into the hill. Another 10 yards into the second passageway there stood a guardian. Guardians are magical creatures used by powerful mages or warlocks to guard their secrets, their treasure, or magical items. They come in many shapes and sizes. This one was a stone golem about 8 feet high. 

At the same time they saw the golem it took notice of them. Cacus silently swore for not bringing his sword and armor but when the golem charged he jumped out of the way and hit it as hard as he could with his torch. The golem shattered into a thousand pieces. He thought to himself that it must have been a very old golem that had not been recharged by its creator in a long time. Possibly the creator had passed away a long time ago, but the golem did what it was ordered, it guarded the passage way. 

Shaken, and now very much more carefully Cacus moved over to where the golem had been standing. From there he could see three big wooden doors. Trying the first it opened in what appeared to be a large bedroom. When he stepped in, the room seemed to sense his presence and more crystals like they had seen before started to glow, illuminating the room. 

It was indeed a bedroom, there was a large raised bed against the back wall. To the left and right of the bed was a large closet filled with rich cloths and other linens. To his left there was a bath cut into the stone floor. To his right there was a desk with some parchments, and a bookcase. 

Leaving the room he tried the second door, again crystals sprang to life when he opened it. This room appeared to be a massive library. There where shelves and scrolls all over the place, it looked like a small tornado had run through here at some time. Walking through the room he could sense that some books held awesome magical forces. 

Deciding it was best to sort through this mess at a later time he stepped outside once again and opened the last door. This time when the crystals started to glow it was as if they were reflected a thousand times out of every corner of the room. Once his eyes adjusted to the overwhelming light he called Naucrate in, unable to believe what he saw before him. Here lay enough gold to buy a small country. But the best lay in the middle, on a pedestal. There lay a glimmering Mithril sword and armor, it alone worth easily more then the rest of the room. For you must know Mithril is one of the hardest metals known to man, and there for also the hardest metal to melt, forge and smith. But if done properly Mithril armor could only be beaten by Mithril swords and arrows.

When they approached the pedestal they triggered another guardian, a fire golem this time. This golem looked at Cacus and then a deep bellowing voice filled the room. 

"Welcome back Master, do you still require me to guard your treasure?"

They stood there stunned, did it just say the master had returned? Cacus said, "No, you can stand down." 

"Very well, if you ever need me again touch the gem in the altar and call for me" The golem disappeared in a cloud of smoke.

Now Cacus could pick up the Mithril male armor. He quickly tried it on and found it to be a prefect fit for him, almost as if it was made for him. When he picked up the helm he saw a small amulet laid on top of a black gem set in the altar. The necklace appeared to be from Mithril set with a gem that looked just like the one it lay on top of. Even with his untrained and thus limited knowledge of magic he could sense there where powerful defensive enchantments on it. 
