 Author's Note:

This is my first story, so any constructive criticism will be appreciated. The story is set in a world where swords, bows and magic rule supreme. 

Depending on votes and feedback there might be a 3rd chapter.

Edited by Angel Love

This story contains: Toys, Non Consent/reluctance material.

*

The next day Cacus woke up first, slowly sliding out of the bed and putting on some underclothes he had found in the big closet next to his bed. The cave he was in seemed to have warmed up to a point where there was no need for even these, but he felt more comfortable this way. 

Looking over at Naucrate he could see she was still happily sleeping and would probably continue to do so for at least an hour. He on the other hand was wide awake and decided to check out the library a bit better than he had done the night before. 

Silently making his way to the passageway as not to wake Naucrate and then moving on into the library he started to look around for a book that would help him understand who had once lived here and why the golem had obeyed not his but Naucrate's command.

Finding anything in this place would be hard though considering most of the books and parchments lay on the floor, on a big table that you could hardly see under all that paper or seemingly at random on the shelves of the many bookcases. 

After a look around Cacus found that all the books he could see where still pretty good nit. It was such a shame he couldn't read. He would have to learn how to do so. Money to hire a teacher wouldn't be a problem anymore, considering the wealth of treasure in the "vault."

Once Naucrate had awoken up she had found Cacus still in the library. Not having bothered to put on clothes she was a sight to behold. Before the day really started they ate the last of the supplies Cacus had bought in town, and since there was nothing to eat around the cave they had to go back into town today. First they had to get some money out of the vault.

So they went into the vault and looked around for something to hold the money. Cacus soon found something even though it wasn't what he was looking for. It looked like a cock made out of gold and set with some gems to provide extra friction. At the base a small chain was connected, and on the other end a small tapered object that reached a width of about an inch and then curved in before spreading out again forming a base.

Eager to test this new found love toy he called Naucrate over and said, "Bend over."

"Yes Master."

He spread the outer lips of her pussy with his fingers and gave it a few good licks. Then he slowly pushed in the cold dildo making her gasp.

"What are you pushing in back there, its cold as ice?"

"Don't worry," he said, "It will soon warm up."

After a few slow pumps he pushed it in as far as it would go. He then took the other end in his mouth and wetted it thoroughly. He then placed it against her asshole.

"NO, I never had anything back there!"

"The more you struggle the more it will hurt," he said, "Stand still."

She sucked in a deep breath and then said, "Yes Master."

He slowly started pushing the plug in, once the widest bit had past her sphincter it quickly closed around the base. 

When she stood back up and moved it was obvious she was in slight discomfort, but with each step she took her discomfort dropped and the pleasure took over.

Cacus picked a large gold cup that was set with all kinds of gems.

Not wanting to leave all this new found wealth alone he walked over to the altar, touched the gem and said, "Guardian come forth for I require your services." 

From a big cloud of smoke the golem once again came forth, "Yes Master?"

Cacus asked the golem, "Will you obey her commands too if she where to touch the stone?" he asked while pointing towards Naucrate.

"You are the Master, and I will only follow others when instructed," the golem bellowed.

"Then I hereby demand that you follow both our commands, unless her command counters mine," he said.

"Very well."

Naucrate said, "Can you guard the whole cave? Both while we are away and while we are here?" testing if the golem would now follow her orders.

"Yes Mistress it shall be done."

"I don't want anyone to enter or leave without our permission," Cacus added.

"Yes Master."

Confident the cave was now guarded against intruders once again Cacus put on his Mithril male armor and some linen. Naucrate chose a short skirt with a matching top. He made sure she wore no underwear. 

They had only made it into the large chamber when Naucrate was so excited her knees almost gave way. But she wouldn't have release soon. If she only knew. 

After a bit of walking they made it into town. Once there Cacus went about getting all the items he would need for his new "house". First he had to buy a pack horse, since he would need quite a lot of supplies. They then bought cooking gear, and a good fishing rod, as well as some dried meat and bread.

By this time Naucrate was so excited that her juices where dripping down her legs. Cacus didn't help either since he periodically tugged on the exposed chain sending new thrills through her body. After the last tug her legs turned to jelly and she fell down. 

Cacus helped her up and moved into a back road of the town where he tied the horse to the wall. He then raised the skirt Naucrate was wearing up her thighs and bent her over. She placed her hands against the wall to support herself. Cacus then grabbed the base of the toy, disconnected the chain and very slowly slid it out causing great pleasure to Naucrate.

He then turned her around and forced her to lick the toy. Naucrate got even more turned on while licking the dildo clean of her own juices to the point where she was dripping wet.

Cacus then spread her lower lips with his fingers and in one swift push buried himself in the soft folds of her pussy. Naucrate came as soon as he bottomed out. With the pulsating wetness of her hole it was hard for Cacus not to come right away, especially since she was even tighter than before because the other half of the toy was still deep inside her asshole.

When Naucrate slowly came down from her orgasm Cacus started moving. Slowly at first, but quickly gaining momentum. After only a few strokes he could feel his balls tightening and knew he was about to spill his load.

He pulled out, forced Naucrate to her knees and slid his dick in her mouth. When she gave it a gentle lick he shot his sperm deep inside her throat. She tried to swallow all of it, but he had been so excited and thus shot such a big load that some dribbled out of her mouth and on her top.

Not wanting to waste anything she brought the cloth to her mouth and licked off anything that escaped her mouth. Then she cleaned her Master's softening penis before straightening both their clothes.

They then untied the horse and went to finish up their shopping. They bought some drinks, a barrel of wine and a keg of beer. By the time they where done the horse could barely carry it all.

On the way home they were confronted by a drunken man who approached Cacus and said, "Hey there! I shee you have a lovely shishter there. What would it cosht me to buy her as my shlave? I want to add her to my collection. Hic!"

"You are drunk man, go home and sleep it off."

"I am not drunk and I wishh to fight you."

Cacus didn't really want to fight the man and decided to move away. The man then drew a sword and challenged him again. Not wanting to put with any more of this Cacus said, "If you really want to fight then you have a deal, but if you lose I get to pick one of your slaves!"

"You shir you have a deal."

After trading a few blows Cacus found the man wasn't as drunk as he appeared to be but still quite easily managed to incapacitate the man by cutting his hand. The man was no match for his armor. He made sure it wasn't anything that wouldn't heal, but it would take a long while to properly heal and the man would think twice about challenging a stranger next time.

Holding true to his word, possibly for fear of his life, the man led Cacus over to his house a small distance away. Cacus asked Naucrate to stay outside with the horse. Inside the man introduced Cacus to his slaves. After the man had told them what happened Cacus asked, "Is there one among you who can read and write?"

A small stunning Asian woman stepped forward.

"I can," she said.

"I will take her," Cacus said to the man.

The man walked over to the small woman and told her what had happened. Once it was made clear that her new Master was the man she just met her face seamed to light up strangely enough.

Cacus walked over to her and asked, "What is your name?"

"My name is Miho Master," she said while bowing to Cacus, "And I am honored that the Master picked me."

"Gather up your stuff little Miho, we will be going shortly."

"I have no items of my own Master, only the clothes that I wear now."

"All right then, lets go."

"Yes Master."

Going outside he went over to Naucrate and said, "Miho this is Naucrate, my first slave. You will do anything she asks of you unless it conflicts with my orders."

"Nice to meet you Mistress," Miho said, "And I will obey her as the Master wants."

"Very good little Miho, now I have to stop by one more shop," Cacus said.

The last shop he talked about was a bookstore where he bought several writing sets and blank parchments.

Thereafter they set out for home. When they made it there after an uneventful walk Cacus tied the horse to a post of the ruined house via a long rope and after unpacking it left it to graze. He then motioned to the women to pick up the supplies and they went to the entrance of the cave.

"Halt!" the golem bellowed as they approached "You cannot enter!" He said while pointing at Miho.

"It is all right Golem, you can let her enter," Cacus said.

"Yes Master, she will be allowed to enter," the golem said before he dissipated.

Miho stood there in shock, almost letting the supply's she was holding fall to the floor. And she probably would have if Naucrate hadn't explained to her that the golem she just saw was the guardian of the cave. 

Still shaky Miho followed inside. After a few more walks to the horse and back all the supply's they had bought lay around and on the altar.

Confident that they could remain there for the night Cacus showed Miho the rest of the cave with exception of the vault.

Then they retired to the bedroom for a bath.

The bath they took was the first chance Cacus had to see Miho naked. And he had to admit it was worth the wait. She was about four and a half feet high. Small firm boobs. Chestnut colored hair she had worn in a ponytail on top and in a small strip below. She was thin, but not skinny, more of an athletic thin.

Looking his new slave over Cacus noticed the sight didn't leave him untouched. His member started to stir. And he wasn't the only one to notice.

Naucrate also saw and made her way next to him. She started to kiss him deep almost driving his head into the wall behind him. Naucrates tongue explored his mouth, and Cacus tongue massaged her's. Stretching out his arm he found her pussy and began to fondle her clit.

Looking over at Miho he beckoned her over. Once Miho did he placed her hand on his cock. She got the message and began playing with it stroking it slowly and tickling his balls. Using his other hand he began to tease her nipples which quickly grew hard.

When he felt he could not hold on much longer he reluctantly pushed the girls away. Quickly losing interest in him Miho turned over to Naucrate and kissed her all over, first on the mouth, and then moving down to the neck, collarbone and finally Naucrate's tits. 

Not having been with another woman before Naucrate wasn't sure how to respond. Miho didn't give her anytime to think about it either. She pushed Naucrate over to the edge of the bath, where Naucrate lay down on her back on the floor. 

Miho pushed her legs apart and for a moment was surprised to find the anal toy that was still there. But she quickly used it to her advantage slowly turning it and giving gentle tugs while she licked at Naucrates pussy.

From behind Cacus had an awesome scene too look at. His first slave was laying on her back with her feet still in the water, while her pussy was being eaten by his new slave.

Not wanting to be left out of the party he got up and moved over to Miho. Getting behind her he slammed into her, and she cried out in a mixture of pain, pleasure, and surprise. He didn't give her time to relax but just kept pounding her. Her cries began to get a little louder as her first orgasm came on.

Through her tight squeezes, Cacus came as well, but didn't die down. He kept his vigorous pace going, through Miho's orgasm and into her second. Cacus was standing over Miho, who at this point was lying down on the edge of the bath, Naucrate having moved slightly further away. She was moaning and screaming, and begging Cacus not to stop.

During her orgasms Miho somehow managed to use her mouth to pleasure Naucrate, the screams and shocking of her body, both due to her orgasms and the hammering of Cacus actually adding to Naucrate's pleasure.

When finally he came again, his twitching sent Miho over the edge once more. Her orgasmic spasms sent Naucrate over the edge in turn. 

All of them were spent for the time being. After a couple minutes to regain some of their strength they got out of the bath, dried themselves and each other with towels and went to lie on the bed.

After a last kiss they all cuddled up, Cacus in the middle with a woman on either side, and fell asleep.