 Lightfoot's horrified gaze darted from his own naked body to the sorceress standing above him. He knew that she was upset with him and his company for trespassing onto her lands, and he also knew that she was the type of being to seek revenge for any and all insults towards her. 

The stories he had heard as a young man returned to him. How she could trap a person with her body and her mind.

Judging by the look in her eyes, as well as their state of undress, he finally understood how those tales could be real. He knew what the punishment was to be. Not just for him, but for each and every one of his friends.

Despite this knowledge, he couldn't help but feel a strong wave of desire wash over him. He wanted to kiss her, to touch her skin and learn every part of it. He wanted to see just what would make her shiver, what would make her moan...

Eden got on the bed, hovering above him with an evil smile on her face. Her naked body drew his gaze and he tried to close his eyes, yet he couldn't resist her beauty. He pulled his eyes back up to her face, hoping for some relief, but her eyes were just as intoxicating as her flesh.

Before he could make a noise, her lips were on his, and gods, her mouth felt incredible against his. At the same time, he could feel her fingers reaching behind her, lightly tracing the length of his cock, which had already grown quite hard just from looking at her enchanting body.

A dim part of him wondered how he could find her so attractive. After all, she was a woman. And he did already have a lover.

But greater than his concern about this situation was the overwhelming desire to take her, as well as his need for release.

As the sorceress pulled her mouth away from his, her fingers sped up the pace on his cock, and he could feel his release approaching. Just a little while longer, and he...

She suddenly pulled her hand away, allowing his seed to escape without the release he desired. He let out a groan, wanting to beg her to keep going.

But he held his tongue... barely. This is what she wants, he told himself, She wants me to beg, to see me groveling at her feet. And while I may not be able to resist her for long, I am not going to give in to her that easily.

The sorceress smiled and placed her hands on either side of his chest. She kept her eyes locked on his as she inched down his body. He could feel the electricity of their bodies, only millimeters from contact, as she crawled down the bed. She touched his chest with her tongue, and the shock surged through him. Softly, she traced it over his pecs and down his rib cage.

She gathered herself between his spread thighs, and licked her lips. His body was still aroused after the ruined orgasm, and she leaned forward letting the tip of her tongue gather up his seed. He moaned, and she lowered her mouth over his shaft, sucking the rest out of him.

Slowly, she moved her mouth up and down on his cock, her eyes focused on his. She wrapped her tongue around his rod, the gentle warmth enveloping him. The bed was so soft that it felt like he was floating. All he could feel were the ropes on his limbs and her mouth providing the most amazing sensations that he had ever felt.

He bit his tongue hard. He wasn't going to give in to her, no matter how amazing it felt. He tensed his muscles. Anything to keep her from winning.

She pulled off of his cock for a second and gave him a grin that turned his blood to ice. At a glacial pace, she lowered her mouth back down his length. She angled her head so the tip of his erection barely scraped the top of her mouth. He could tell as she continued just how far down into her throat it was going.

He felt her lips on his groin and her throat began milking him. Despite everything, he was so close to the edge. And then she opened her mouth wider, letting her tongue out to explore his balls.

His feet pointed, his muscles stiffened, and... She quickly released him again, allowing his cum to flow like lava down his still hard cock. He groaned, writhing back and forth. He had never known a torture as insidious as this seductress.

-----------------

One hour.

Eden was, admittedly, surprised at the strength of the boy's resolve. She had been tormenting him, bringing him to the edge of complete satisfaction again and again, for an hour. And he hadn't uttered a single word, despite the obvious pain and desperation she could sense from him.

She smirked as she traced a single finger up and down his shaft, occasionally teasing the tip for a few seconds. He moaned loudly, his hips bucking and his head tilted back.

She knew that his resolve wouldn't last forever. All she had to do was keep playing with him until...

And then she heard it. After so much torture, she finally heard it.

"Please..." he begged, "Please... I can't take it anymore. Do whatever you want with me, but please just... let me cum. Let me cum properly, please..."

Her smirk changed into a devilish smile, and she sat up, staring down at him wickedly.

"As you wish..." she said calmly. Then she straddled his hips, the tip of his cock lining up perfectly with her own pussy. Seeing this, Lightfoot gasped, squirming under her.

Ever-so-slowly, Eden eased herself down onto his cock, letting out a soft sigh as she did so. It had been far too long since she'd received any sort of satisfaction of her own, but she was determined to make this as pleasurable as possible... for herself, at least.

She started moving her hips up and down, her hands on his chest to steady herself. As she did, she murmured a few words that Lightfoot couldn't understand. Not that he was really paying attention, of course. He could feel his release fast approaching, and the sorceress showed no intention of stopping anytime soon.

In fact, the closer he felt himself getting, the louder her moans got in response, and the faster her hips moved. Her pussy tightened around his cock, and her fingers dug into his chest as she rode him.

And then he felt it. Pure, unrestrained pleasure. It came over him like a tidal wave, sweeping him up high and filling his entire body with ecstasy. He couldn't move, couldn't speak... in fact, he couldn't even think in this state.

Eden, too, was experiencing her own release, though she wasn't as lost as Lightfoot was. She laughed as she slowed her movements, easing off the frozen male and relaxing on the bed next to him. After a moment, however, she sat up, her cheeks flushed and her eyes sparkling. She seemed to have grown a few years younger, and gained a bit more energy in the process.

"My, my..." she said casually, looking down at the blissed-out boy next to her, "you've done quite well for me, pet."

And Lightfoot's mouth curled up into a blank smile as he said "Thank you, Mistress."

-----------------

Reyner Guard opened his eyes. Something was wrong. Lightfoot should have woken him by now.

Slowly, he got up and looked around the camp. Seerta was wrapped in her sleeping cocoon. Syndryk was snoring lightly on the far side of the fire. The two elves were sleeping, naked, under the stars, wrapped around each other with their sleeping bag beneath them.

But Lightfoot was nowhere to be seen.

His training kicked in immediately, and he went over to Seerta's resting place and woke her gently. He put his finger to his lips as she sat up.

"Lightfoot is gone. Double up."

Seerta groaned. "Double up" meant that, for the rest of the night, there would be two people on patrol to keep an eye out for each other. And, since her shift was last, this meant that she wouldn't get her last two hours of sleep. Something had better be seriously wrong with Lightfoot, she thought, or he will regret it. She slid out of her bag and stood up.

At least she'd have someone to talk to.

While his female compatriot gathered herself together, Reyner secured the perimeter. There was no sign of the de facto leader of their group. This wasn't like Lightfoot at all. In all of the time they had known each other, Lightfoot had been the most trustworthy companion. If he had one weakness, it was his devotion to Syndryk. If Syndryk was here and Lightfoot wasn't... Reyner didn't really want to think about what that might mean.

He finished his circuit and sat down next to Seerta. It didn't seem like there was going to be much to do until everyone woke in the morning.

"Well, I can tell what she sees in him," Seerta said, nodding towards the sleeping elves. In the glow of the campfire, the fighter could see that the male had rolled over onto his back, revealing an erection that was at least twelve inches long.

Reyner whistled. "I'm not small, but...yeah, I can't compete," His eyes moved over to the female elf. "She's not bad either. Not a lot of curves, but I would be happy to play with her tits if I got the chance." They sat in silence for a bit after that.

When they weren't on a mission, the two of them had been known to share a bed, but there was nothing between them beyond that. Still, looking at the two naked bodies in front of them led to some... uncomfortable feelings.

Seerta got up, breaking the tension. "I'm going to go clear my head," she said, and moved towards the edge of the site.

-----------------

The rest of the shift was quiet. There was still no sign of Lightfoot, and no disturbances in the surrounding areas. Somehow, he had just disappeared.

Syndryk rolled over in his bag and smiled. He opened his eyes, expecting to see his lover smiling back like they had done so many times before. Instead, all he saw was an empty sleeping bag.

The big warrior sat up quickly and looked around. Seerta and Reyner were sitting by the fire, whispering to each other. The Petries were still lying next to each other on the ground. But Lightfoot was nowhere to be seen.

He got out of his sack and strode over to the guards.

"Where is he?" he demanded.

Seerta gave him a sad smile and Reyner shrugged. "We don't know," the fighter said softly, looking up at the giant of a man.

"You don't know?!!" Syndryk growled at the two of them.

"I woke up when it was time for my shift, but he was gone."

"Where did he go?!!"

"Look, if we knew where he was, you would be the first person we'd tell."

Syndryk's scowl deepened, and he walked away from the two of them and over to where their recruiters were still sleeping. He poked Jannalor with his foot.

"Get up," he growled, "Get some fucking clothes on. It's time for breakfast. Then, we go in."

He walked back to the food storage, grabbed supplies and started cooking eggs and salt pork for the crew.

The two elves sauntered over after covering their bodies.

"Where's..." Lyrilyn started to ask, but stopped abruptly as Syndryk glared at her.

"We're going to find out soon," he replied as he slid the food onto a plate and handed it to her before starting the next batch, "He didn't leave on his own, and they would have seen signs of a struggle if a creature had attacked, so he must have gone into the ruins for some reason."

They ate slowly, to the annoyance of Lightfoot's partner, but the worry on their faces was evidence that they did care. While the rest finished, he made sure everything was packed securely, then brought them to the entrance of the fortress.

The heavy wooden door was closed, but not locked. Syndryk pushed it open, then sat in the doorway, glowering at the others. He watched as Reyner spread the remains of the fire out and doused them with water.

Finally, the rest of the party joined him at the entrance. He stood up and turned to walk in.

Seerta put her hand on his arm. "Hold up there," she said softly, "I know it's tough, but we need to do this right. If he's in there, we'll find him. But we can't fall for any stupid traps if we're going to get him out."

Syndryk knew that she was right, but this was his partner they were discussing. If anything had happened to him...

Suddenly, a loud scream cut through the silent air, causing everyone to jump and reach for their weapons. But when the giant man heard it, he immediately rushed into the fortress without waiting on the others.

Because the screams they heard were screams of someone in pain...

Because the screams were Lightfoot's.