 Patrick Hames was born to be a newspaper editor. He commanded the newsroom with a stern hand and he loved to scoop the competition. 

He also was a chauvinist pig and thought he was God's gift to women. Male reporters filled his key positions. He recently fired a female reporter, a beautiful Cajun named Lisa Benoit, after she told him she was pregnant. Human resources had a fit, tried unsuccessfully to rehire her and then settled out of court for load of cash. He almost lost his job.

Alone in his office after deadline one last night, Patrick got a mysterious phone call.

"I've got some information that will blow the council and mayor out of the water, but I can't talk long," the smoky voice said. "Meet me on the corner of Johnston Street."

On arrival, Patrick noticed the street light was out and the road seemed awfully dark. A door opened and a person, he couldn't tell if was male or female, waved him toward the door.

The store was pitch black inside. He felt a hand grab his arm and guide him blindly down a dark corridor and into a room that smelled of dead animals and incense.

"Sit," the voice said after he felt a hand on his chest push him into the seat.

After about 10 minutes in the dark, he finally called out, "Is anyone here? If you don't show yourself soon, I'm leaving." He mumbled under his breath, "It's late, I'm tired and this is bullshit."

He started to leave but it was so dark he couldn't see where he came from to leave. Suddenly, the lights flash on and all he could see was the beautiful Cajun he had fired for getting pregnant.

"What's going on Lisa? Why are you here? Let me out of here!" Patrick demanded.

"Quiet! You'll find out soon enough," came an old woman's voice from the corner. Then Patrick's world went blank after someone from behind konked him on the head.

He awoke a few days later in his old apartment. His head hurting like he'd been on a three-day binge. Needing badly to urinate, he stumbled to the can.

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the reflection of a woman in the mirror. He jumped because he thought he was alone, but then he realized what he saw. Looking back at him was a beautiful woman with raven hair, green eyes and puffy lips.

He closed his eyes twice again in disbelief before letting out a frightening shriek in a high-pitched woman's voice that definitely wasn't his usual baritone.

His/her eyes and hands then moved searchingly to the breasts that now filled his white dress shirt, which he/she quickly undid.

"These have to be C or CCs," she thought, shiver as she ran her fingers over a nipple. "And, oooh, they're very sensitive."

Undoing her pant so she was now naked, she ran her hand down her taunt belly, noticing the body hair had disappeared until she got to the patch of dark pussy hair. She then poked lightly at her pussy, feeling it switch in response. She fingered the outside of the pussy lips and slid a finger across the clit.

"Ooooooh," she moaned.

She then stick her finger into her pussy. "The inside feels like my girlfriend," she thought as she pushed her finger in deeper.

"Oh, oh, oh, aayyee eiiyeeee," she screamed as she went into her first-ever orgasm as a woman. Her legs buckled. She had to grab the counter with the other hand to keep from falling.

Pat then sat down on the toilet and began to cry. After finally composing herself, she wondered back to her bedroom naked and plopped down on the bed. She finally called a co-worker and friend, Jenny. Jenny had always been able to put up with his crap, and they had even had a brief affair.

Trying to mimic a man's deep voice with a cough, Pat asked her to come over. Jenny burst inside a few minutes later.

"Who are you?" Jenny asked. "Did my brother let you in? I can't believe he left a stranger alone. That's just not like him."

"It's me -- Patrick," she answered. Seeing that familiar skeptical look, she went on, "I taught you the ropes at the newspaper."

"Really?" Jenny exclaimed, stepping closer to look in her eyes. "Oh my God, this is unbelievable! What happened?"

Pat quickly related the events of the previous night and morning. Jenny decided she needed to take charge.

"First, we've got to get some clothes to wear. You can't wear these over-sized men's clothes," Jenny said. "You stay here. Gimme your credit card. I'll be back soon."

Jenny returned with an armload of shopping bags full of dresses, blouses, bras, panties and shoes. She plopped down on the sofa to rest and watched Pat take a manly strut, reaching in her panties and scratching herself as she went to the refrigerator.

"I can see we're going to have to teach you a lot, like how to walk, sit and act like a proper lady," Jenny said.

They spent the next few days engulfed in womanly instruction. Jenny laughed so hard at times she cried. Pat would get frustrated at time enough that she felt like crying.

"Now it's time to try you out," Jenny said. "Let's go get dinner."

Jenny laid out an ensemble for Pat, including a mini skirt, tight blouse with spaghetti straps and a lacy bra and panties set.

Pat couldn't help feeling self conscious as she wondered out into the real world for the first time since the change. She felt like everyone was looking at her. She definitely noticed the men didn't look her in the face, focusing lower on her wonderful tits.

"Why did have to pick something so sexy for my first time out?" Pat asked Jenny.

The place Jenny chose was a combination restaurant/bar. Pat protested because he knew some of his old drinking buddies would be there, but Jenny would not budge on her decision. 

As Pat feared, several former co-workers sat at a center table with dark-haired stranger. She couldn't avoid them and the only available table was next to them. She could feel their eyes undressing her as they sat down.

"What happened to your brother?" one asked. "I can't believe he disappeared on us. It's not like him."

"We had to put him in rehab. The boss knows," Jenny replied, getting a look of disapproval from Pat.

"Who is your new friend? I haven't seen you around much honey," said Jerry, an assistant editor and one of Pat's best drinking buddies. "You seem very familiar."

Waving his hand toward the stranger, he continued, "This is Chris Boudreux, our new reporter. He replaced Lisa Benoit."

"This is...um... Patricia," Jenny replied. "A cousin from out of town."

Both tables ordered drinks and their meals and, after a while the evening began to become a party that included everyone in this small, smoky room. Pat tried not to say much, not wanting to embarrass herself. Jerry kept asking Pat where he knew her from. Eventually, the band began playing and the patrons hit the dance floor.

Both Jenny and Pat began to fill the effects of the alcohol. Pat didn't realize that a smaller body meant less alcohol tolerance. Everyone hit the dance floor except Chris and Pat, so Chris moved over to talk chat.

Something about Chris' turquoise eyes mesmerized Pat as she seemed to get lost in the conversation. Her thought were jumble of masculine and feminine, and the alcohol didn't help. She started thinking how gorgeous Chris is, but then she caught herself and thought, "But you're a guy, you can't think like this." 

With a slow song playing, Chris pulled her out to the dance floor where Jenny and Jerry were already making out. Chris and Pat seemed to fall into a trance oblivious to all others around them.

Chris leaned down and planted a soft peck on her lips and then the two rejoined in a passionate kiss that left Pat breathless. She could feel Chris' hardness between them, getting so lost in the moment that she almost forgot is it wasn't her dick creating that familiar uncomfortable feeling.

Chris slowly led Pat off the dance floor, out of the bar and into an adjoining elevator where they continued to make out. He reached and pulled the button to stop the elevator between floors.

He moved his hand under her skirt until he found her wet panties. He rubbed her a few times through the silk and then edged his fingers inside the band and to her pussy lips. When Pat realized what he was doing, she started to pull away when a finger passed over his clit.

She moaned into his mouth, instead, and the kiss intensified. Chris removed his hand long enough to undo and drop his pants. He moved so quickly that the head of his 12-inch dick was at the entrance to her pussy before Pat realized what was happening.

"Wait....," she started, but she was too late as Chris pushed forward and his long, naked dick began tunneling its way into Pat's depths. It seemed like it would push into her stomach before pussy bone and groin finally met.

"Uuuunggh," Pat grunted when he finally stopped. She felt like she was impaled on a tree.

"Sooo tight," he grunted as he began to pulled out and then thrust forward. As the two became used to her tight pussy and his large cock, Chris alternated between a fast and slow tempos.

After a short orgasm started her twitching, she could almost feel the big orgasm coming and he knew he couldn't hold up this pace in such a tight pussy. They both went over the ultimate threshold at the same time.

"Ooooooh gaaawd!!" Pat screamed as her body went into a conniption and Chris' body began shaking too as he sunk his dick to the hilt, spewing his sperm into her depths.

Pat had not even regained her senses when Chris hit the button, the elevator went to the next floor and opened and he pulled her into a room just across the hall. Inside, he began blowing in her ear and work his way to the sensitive breasts. While sucking on one nipple, his fingers played with the other. Her hips began to move with the need of another fucking when he began sucking the other nipple.

Chris then suddenly spun Pat around and entered her pussy from behind. The suddenness of his entrance sent her into another shivering orgasm. This time he used slow, long strokes and the fucking lasted long enough that she came twice before he finally felt his semen building toward a big release again.

Chris planted himself deep inside her pussy again, sending a second load of life seed toward her womb while Pat went into a multiple orgasm and passed out.

Both fell asleep with Pat lying on his chest.