 The morning light and the knock on the door from housekeeping woke Pat from a drunken sleep. "Come back later," she yelled and rolled over to shield her eyes from the light.

She finally opened her eyes to see if she was alone. Her pussy felt unbelievably sore from the large cock pounding she took last night and her thighs were caked with a combination of dried semen and pussy juice.

Just a week ago, Pat was a man but a spell from a Cajun voodoo witch had changed his gender.

Another knock on the door prompted, "Go away I said," from Pat. But the pounding continued, and she finally had to drag herself to door.

"What do you want!?" Pat demanded. "It's me Jenny," was the response. "Girl, you look rough. What happened to you? I was so worried."

Pat told Jenny what little she could remember from her still hazy memory, including the intense feeling of a 12-inch cock sawing into the depths of her pussy. Jenny also told of her romp with Jerry.

"Women definitely get the best part of sex," Pat said of her first intercourse as a woman. "I just can't believe the bum snuck out on me like he did."

"That's what you would've have done," Jenny reminded her.

The two women then grabbed their things and quickly left the hotel. Later, after showers and a long nap, Jenny said, "It's been more than a week now, so your change seems permanent. What are you going to do? You've got to get a job to pay the bills and the rent."

"I know, I know, but I just keep hoping I'll wake up and things will be back to normal," Pat replied.

A few weeks later after Pat got what she hoped would be a temporary receptionist job, Jenny found her coming out of the restroom, her face pale with a cold sweat.

"I don't know what's wrong. I must have caught a virus," Pat said. "I've been so sick for the last few days. I can't eat anything and even the sight of meat turns my stomach."

Jenny urged Pat to go to the doctor for her first checkup as a woman. "You just don't know what that change has done to you," she said.

Pat noticed in the doctor's office that several of the waiting women were in various stages of pregnancy. "Those poor women, I can't believe they gave up their lives for some brat," she thought.

A nurse, probably eight months pregnant, waddled out and then led Pat to an examining room. She instructed Pat to put on the examining dress. "The doctor will be with you shortly," she said as she left the room.

Dr. Walters finally appeared about 10 minutes later. He examined Pat from head to toe. His check of her breasts and probing of her pussy seemed unnecessary to Pat for a stomach virus, but turned her on. She became concerned when he decided to take some blood.

"We'll call you later with the results," Dr. Walters said. "Take this. It should help your stomach, and drink lots of fluids."

Jenny answered the phone later as Pat, feeling better, made a sandwich. "It's for you," Jenny said, handing the receiver to Pat.

"You're pregnant," Dr. Walters said. The receiver slid out of a stunned Pat's hands and slammed on the counter.

"What's wrong?!" Jenny said.

Jenny helped Pat over to a chair where she finally replied, "He said I'm pregnant." Pat realized then that she hadn't even considered the possibility of pregnancy following the change. She realized she never considered birth control pills and condoms were the last things on her mind that fateful night.

Pat began to get used to being a woman in the coming months as her manly thoughts disappeared. She could not, however, get used to changes in her body that the growing child inside her brought. She stood for long periods of time in front of the mirror, examining her expanding belly and swollen breasts. She also felt horny all of the time, which led to several masturbation sessions.

At five months, Pat could no longer hide her baby bump and her boss took notice. He shocked her when he fired her in the sixth month.

"We want someone who is attractive greeting our customers, not some fat, pregnant woman unable to move around and show them where to go," he said.

Already emotional, Pat's tears began to flow. She realized, however, this must be some kind of cosmic payback for him firing a woman when he was a male editor.

She rushed home to find Jenny, who tried her best to console the blubbering Pat. The events of past months and her situation as a pregnant, single woman without a job caught up to the emotional woman. Jenny just held Pat until she finally quit crying.

"You know you're beautiful," Jenny said. "He's just a sexist pig. Besides, we'll sue and he'll be supporting you for a long time financially."

The two then found themselves face to face. Pat leaned in and kissed Jenny on the lips. The kiss then intensified. Pat placed Jenny's hand on her swollen pussy.

"I am so horny," Pat said. "Please help me."

In response, Jenny pushed Pat back on to the pillow and began working her way down Pat's body. She stopped briefly to suck Pat's nipples, while placing a hand in her hairy cunt.

Jenny finally stopped between Pat's legs. First, she traced Pat's pussy lips with her finger and then with the tip of her tongue. Then she began suck her clit (what probably used to be Patrick's dick).

"Ooo, ooo, ooo," Pat began to pant. Jenny turned up the intensity when she took her two fingers and jammed them into Pat's pussy. She began fucking her with her finger while continuing her oral treatment of the clit and pussy lips.

The combination sent Pat bucking into an orgasm. Jenny could hardly keep contact with Pat's constantly moving hips.

After resting for a few minutes with Jenny's head lying on her swollen belly, Pat decided to return the favor. She slowly undressed Jenny, kissing her ears, noses and mouth. She moved down to her small tits and pointed nipples, sending Jenny into a mini-orgasm.

Pat then dropped to Jenny's feet. She sucked on her toes and then moved up her thighs with light kisses before reaching Jenny's shaved pussy.

"At least some things haven't changed," Pat said. "You've still got the most delectable pussy."

Pat then plunged in with her face, surprising Jenny with the sudden move. She sucked, licked and tried to get her tongue as deep as she could in the twitching Jenny. Her intensity finally sent Jenny over the edge.

"Oh gawd," Jenny groaned. She followed the groan with a scream that Pat knew disturbed the neighbors. She wrapped her legs tightly around Pat's head and her hips went into orgasmic convulsions.

The two cuddled for what seemed like the longest time until Pat broke the silence, "I think I'm going to like being a woman."

She hadn't even considered that labor and childbirth were just a few months away.