 Dr. Liara T'Soni was a force to be reckoned with. A strong, beautiful woman, the clever doctor had managed to attract many a man, but the feeling had never been mutual for any of them. That fact remained true until she had met Shepard. There was something different... something compelling about him that had intrigued her. And that had led to the start of their relationship.

Liara would be forever thankful that she had taken a chance, and that he had been equally as enamoured with her, for otherwise, she would not be lying here in his muscled arms, sharing a soft bed together. She could feel his heart beating, thumping quietly against her back. It comforted her, had lulled her to sleep the night before. But now she was wide aware, and hungry.

Liara turned around, expecting to see his sleeping face, becoming surprised when her eyes met his, wide awake. "Oh, you're up," she murmured.

"I am."

Then she felt something else awaken, and press against her thigh. "Oh, you're really up." She grinned.

"Can't help myself." He leaned forwards, palming her cheek with a hand as he kissed her deeply, their breaths mixing as tongues danced. They shifted positions gently, him moving on top, her on the bottom, legs spread, eager for him.

Shepard allowed himself a moan, a noise that she was quite fond of, before kissing his way down her tender blue skin. His hands were already cupped around her voluptuous ass cheeks, and he had no hesitation as he lowered his lips to the folds that concealed her heated pussy. She was warming up to his touch, mewing under his masterful grasp. But Shepard's true destination was lower, somewhere that Liara only rarely allowed Shepard to traverse. He hoped she wouldn't protest this time.

When his tongue first touched the knotted bundle of nerves, Liara started, not expecting it at all. But she didn't stop him, and he took it as a sign of good faith. He wouldn't let her regret that choice.

His tongue swirled, lapping the entrance, as if he were attempting to coax it open. Liara groaned, feeling a bolt of pleasure shoot through her. Her hand scrunched the bedsheets beneath her, as he licked relentlessly, taking his time, toying with her. Her back arched, her feet mirroring the action as well, as she succumbed to the passion.

"You're beautiful, Liara," Shepard whispered against her skin.

The heat underneath her skin was reaching a level that was scorching. She needed him, needed his warmth buried inside of her, so that the two could become one. She touched his head, forcing him to look up, to peer into her eyes, so that he could read what she wasn't saying out loud, so that he could infer the ache that was within her body.

"Let's embrace eternity," Liara murmured quietly, sensually. Her pupils were dilating, focusing on his.

Shepard was on the move once more, forwards this time, moving back up her body, giving into her attempt to meld. The familiar feeling of combining, of joining together, began to come over them both. It was their systems synthesizing, becoming a single unit, with their sole objective: pleasure.

Shepard kept his blue eyes on Liara's, not looking away for even a second, as he slipped his hardness inside of her, the heat of her sex engulfing him, welcoming him wholly. She was pulsing around his length, trembling from anticipation and desire. Her folds drew him in, encouraging him to go deeper, deeper, and deeper still.

Shepard's hips thrust slightly forwards, wanting to hilt himself completely in her before beginning any sort of rhythm. Liara thrived on the feeling of fullness, and her body reacted accordingly, shivers of passion running through her veins. "Liara..." Shepard called her name with a voice full of longing, before he buried his face in the crook of her neck, inhaling her scent deeply, allowing himself to become almost intoxicated by her.

He gave one languid thrust, a test run, if you will; Liara's pussy reacted accordingly, pleasurably, as it constricted around him, proof of the delight she took from him. He had a hand at her nipple, slowly massaging at first, the slight rolling turning into squeezes as the nub grew firm.

"M-more." Liara's voice quivered ever so slightly.

Shepard said nothing, but pushed his lips to hers once more, just before he began to thrust. The entire bed rocked with them, a single unit moving as one as each others' thoughts were pushed into their minds. Shepard could experience the pleasure she felt, the love that swelled beneath her breasts. And equally, she was privy to the depths of his mind, where she found nothing but deep affection for her.

Liara couldn't stop the primal noises from tumbling out of her mouth, the sounds that were the highest praise for Shepard. It made him want to coax more, until his ears were filled, just as he filled her. His thrusts were growing in intensity, and there was no longer any stopping of his movements.

Together, they moved to the synced beat of their hearts.

"Shep... I'm going to..."

But he didn't need her to tell him that, he could already tell from the sudden squeezing of her pussy, the hitching of her breath. He was close as well, and wanted to cum with her, with her for that one ecstatic moment that would leave him panting.

Cum! Liara finished her sentence in her mind, the thought resounding in Shepard's mind as well. She was all but vibrating beneath him, humming with sexual energy as her sex began to throb in great, shuddering waves.

Shepard relinquished his control and delved into orgasm, cum pouring out of his member into Liara's body. She felt the heat, the sticky liquid rush into her, and welcomed it all. After all, it was his. She wanted all of him. 

They clung to each other, sheets abandoned, sweaty, gasping for air. None of them wanted to move, to break the spell of lust and love that had been cast over them. In this moment, they were eternity.