 Two days after he'd made her perform for the leaders of Baristhan, Jack watched Renei dutifully clear the plates away from his place at the table. He leaned back in his chair to study her. She seemed to have grown more docile, but surely that was an act. The woman had spirit, and he felt like it would take more than a few fuckings—even public ones—to bring her to hand. 

Today's choice of gown irritated him. It tied around her neck and was cut down to below her navel, which was nice, but the fabric stretching up to cover her breasts was too wide and thick for his liking. 

Yesterday in the market he'd noticed a shopkeeper who plied an intriguing trade, and as he watched Renei stoop to gather a heavy bowl in her arms, he decided today was the day to do something he'd always wanted to do—mark a woman as his own. 

"Woman," he growled, gratified by the way she froze at the word. "Give that to the servants and come sit before me."

Rigid with irritation—ah yes, there was the spirit she was trying to hide—she did as he asked. 

"In discussions with our friends, the town leaders yesterday, it came to my attention that there is some question to my right of ownership. It would seem that many of the men have filed claims to purchase you from the town."

Confusion and more than a little fear came into her eyes. "Purchase me? But that's impossible, I belong to—" she caught herself and glared at him.

"Yes, you belong to me, but according to this town's custom, a woman within city limits who does not bear her master's mark is property of the town council, and available for purchase." He frowned and lowered his voice. "You may not like working with me, but I'm sure you would hate belonging to one of them."

Renee lifted her hand to her throat. "What sort of mark?"

"The law is very specific. The woman must be pierced and wear jewelry with the man's name inscribed on the metal."

"Pierced??" Her voice came out on a squeak. 

"Yes, but I have three different choices for where the piercing must be. To allow for a man's individual taste, of course."

The color drained from her face

"I can choose to have you pierced with a bull ring in your nostrils, a smaller ring on your clit, or rings in each of your nipples."

"Oh god," Renei's hand flew to her mouth. "Oh please, no...no that's...that's AWFUL."

He grabbed her from her chair and pulled her into his lap, clapping one hand over her mouth. He whispered, "Do you want to jeopardize our mission? Keep your voice down, woman. It's either pierce something for me, or pierce something for one of them." He removed his hand.

"I still have some limits, and that's one of them. The mission is off." 

"No it's not."

"Yes it is!" she hissed. "I am a high-ranking scientist in the Air & Space—"

He shut her up by drifting his fingertips across one breast. "You're a slut, and you're MY slut, and you're going to do it because you like being my slut." 

Her eyes widened and she opened her mouth to speak. Nothing came out. Jack's heart kicked up in his chest...he was winning, by god, he was winning. 

At last, she nodded. 

Still whispering, Jack said, "I'll let you choose. It's your body, and I wouldn't presume to make you do one over the other."

Stunned, Renei looked him in the eyes. "You're letting me choose?"

"Don't ask me, woman," he said gruffly, "choose or I'll change my mind."

"I suppose...if I must...the nose ring is ugly, and the clit ring is dangerous for infection. I'll choose the nipple rings."

Jack nodded solemnly, but inside he was pumping his fist in triumph. He'd known she would hate the other two choices—she'd played right into his hand. Speaking louder for the benefit of any spies, he said, "Since my tastes run toward pierced nipples, that's what we'll do. Come," he stood and took her by the arm. "We go at once."

When they broke out into the street, Renei clung to his arm as they crossed the busy thoroughfare and made their way down to the market. They had to walk slower than Jack would have liked, to accommodate her hobbling sandles. 

He spotted the red door he'd remembered and stopped outside. He knocked and a large, muscular man opened the door. "Can I help you?"

"I need to mark my, lianir," Jack said simply.

"Come right inside," the man answered and moved away from the door opening.

The dimly lit shop was adorned with a variety of paintings and display cases, the types of jewelry a customer could purchase. At the back of the shop, a dark leather contraption gave him an idea of how the shopkeeper plied his trade. Renee saw it too—he watched her curl a protective arm in front of her breasts. 

To both of their surprise, a small figured woman came out of a back room bearing a jewel encrusted chalice. She handed it to Renee and bid her drink. Jack noticed the rings protruding through the woman's thin gown and grinned. If Renee needed any "proof," there it was. 

The shopkeeper explained that it was wine, and Renee obliged. As she downed the glass and asked for more, the girl's eyes rose and she looked to her master for permission. The man waved his hand and the girl brought Renee a second glass. She downed that just as quickly, and asked for just one more glass. This time the man hesitated and took Jack aside.

"We have drugs in that wine to make the experience...less painful for your lianir," the man said. "Three glasses is the maximum dose I can allow."

Guilt-ridden for his trick, Jack gave Renee a reassuring smile and said "She can have one more, but that is all." He'd sleep easier at night if he could make the entire thing pain-free for her.

While Renee drank her third glass, the man prepared his tools. "Come, lower your straps and with your master's permission, bare your breasts."

Jack watched as she reluctantly reached behind her neck to untie the straps, and looked to him for final permission. God it was sweet to have her look at him like that—obedient, trusting and beautiful. "Yes, Renei, lower them."

She did, and soon her heavy breasts hung free and exposed to the shop's dim candlelight. The piercer stopped his work with his tools and stared at her, transfixed for a moment. Then, collecting his wits, he gestured for her to come and recline in the leather chair-like apparatus. 

Watching her lay back, ready to be pierced for him, Jack's erection grew to painful proportions. He rubbed his shaft through his kilt and took a few steps forward. When the piercer reached down to grasp one of her lovely ankles, he cleared his throat. "I'll do that part."

"But sir, it is my job to—"

"You heard me!" he said angrily, furious that he would have to let this other man touch his woman's tits, but if he was going to get his way, it had to be done. He took each of Renee's ankles and raised them up, strapping them in the harness attached to the chair. 

By now, Renee's face had grown flushed. Her lips fell open...she moaned softly. Jack moved to stand at her side and looked down at her. She looked up at him, her eyes glittering with a fever of arousal. "I...my breasts feel heavy. Master, I ache inside." 

Across the chair, the other man shook his head. "We drug the lianir to make her desire so strong that she won't notice the pain. Your greedy slut drank so much of that aphrodisiac that she's going to need a cock in her soon. I suggest you plug her up soon before she starts screaming."

Jack grinned at that. He liked hearing Renee screaming to be fucked. "I think I'll wait for now, if you don't mind."

"Suit yourself." The man began swabbing something on one nipple. 

Renee's eyes snapped wide and she started panting. Jack watched her trying to figure out what was going on, but dumbly her eyes went back to his cock every time she looked down. Her moans began coming with more frequency now that her nipples were being cleaned. She began mumbling something unintelligible.

The piercer pulled a bizarre contraption from the ceiling, and lowered it onto Renee's right nipple.

"Wait," Jack said suddenly, seeing the slack mouthed way Renee was staring at him. "I want to make her beg."

He reached forward and slid one hand over her slick cunt. Renee screamed and arched up in the chair, cumming. "You dumb slut!" he shouted, lightly smacking the side of her left breast. "Did I tell you to cum? Now I won't touch you again."

But Renei was already horny again. She whimpered at his words.

"What did you say?"

"Please touch me..."

"I'll need more than that"

"Please Master, touch your slut. I ache, Master, please."

He moved and placed the head of his cock at her entrance.

"Y-yes, oh yes please!" she screamed, cumming again.

"Stupid slut! I don't think you deserve to be fucked. You don't even deserve to be pierced."

Now she wailed. "PLEASE MASTER, please I'll be good, I won't cum, I'll be good, just please fuck me."

He rammed into her. Her pussy walls clenched around his shaft, but she bit her lip and tears ran down her face as she tried to keep from cumming. "That's a good slut. Now ask this nice man to pierce your tits for you, or I won't let you cum."

"Please pierce my tits" she said quietly—too quietly.

"Louder slut, or it won't happen."

"Please pierce my tits!" she shouted and he started to move in her.

"I don't know that it's enough persuasion, you might need to elaborate for him."

Sobbing as he fucked her slowly and wouldn't let her cum, Renee wailed, "PLEASE PIERCE MY TITS! I n-need rings in m-me to show that I—oh god—belong to my m-master! I'm such a dirty slut I need to be reminded when my tits ache, who I belong to. Oh please Master please Master please Master!"

"Do it!" Jack shouted, ramming harder into her.

The contraption snapped shut, sending the slim hoop through one nipple.

Renee screamed and cummed harder than she ever had before.

"I still didn't say you could cum!? Now pierce the other one, punish her!"

Jack fucked her so hard, that her tits were jiggling all over her chest. The piercer had to seize it in one hand and jam the contraption down over her with the other. With a snap, the other ring was in, and this time, Jack came with Renee.

He slid her cunt plug in after he withdrew and though she was still whimpering, and sweaty, no blood ran from her nipples. He looked at the piercer with curiosity.

"My trade secret. I cannot tell. She will be fine."

Jack looked down at his woman, her shaking tits and the beautiful gold rings inscribed with his name, and knew she was more than fine. She was his.