 ***Readers- This is the last story I have planned for Jack and Renee. There may be more stories in Caledonia and Baristhan, but if so, they'll feature new characters. Thank you for all your support, and I'm sorry it takes me so long to write. Any comments and suggestions for future stories are always welcome! Love, Iris***

*

Jack Griffin stopped outside of the mansion he owned and gazed at it for a moment. It was hard to believe this fantasy life he led was real. He had power, money, a life of luxury...and the sexiest 'fucktoy' this side of the moon. 

He'd been thinking about her more lately. Sometimes when he listened to his peers arguing over trade routes, he caught himself picturing Renee instead. Clothed, unclothed, it didn't matter, she was fucking hot regardless. Back on the space station, he'd suspected something more lurked beneath her sterile scientist façade—but he'd hardly expected to find a submissive wildcat.

That might seem like an oxymoron, but it was the closest thing he could think of to describe her. She wanted him, needed the way he fucked her, but she always put up a bit of a fight, an attractive show of spirit. Could he have dreamed up a woman like her if he tried?

He strode into the foyer and without giving his chief of staff a moment's attention, headed straight for her rooms. He was ready to start the afternoon off right—with Renee strapped to the headboard taking his cock deep into the hot wet flesh of her pussy. 

Grinning to himself, Jack pushed the door aside...and stopped grinning. He frowned and looked around the room. Then he scowled.

"GORM!" His voice echoed through the spacious mansion.

His chief of staff scuttled into view. "Yes, Master Giraiphin?"

"Where's my lianir?"

"I...I don't know, sir. She left several hours ago for the bathhouses. She took her personal guards, so I supposed that after she had finished there she visited you in the shipyards. She has done so in the past," he offered by way of excuse.

His chief of staff had served him well thus far, and under normal circumstances, Jack might have been inclined to go easier on him. But these were not normal circumstances. 

He seized Gorm by his tunic and held his face close to his own. In a very quiet, very deadly voice he said, "You had better hope that you and I find her soon, otherwise you'll spend the rest of your life in the workhouses, understood?" 

Gorm nodded.

With the help of the rest of his guards, Jack located the bathhouse where Renee was last seen and began interrogating the bathhouse attendants. They described a band of ruthless men—those damned pirates Jack had been warning the locals about. He was sure they were to blame. Imagining Renee and her luscious body surrounded by those men...

Jack groaned. He threw the hapless attendant to the ground and turned to address his small army. "Does anyone here know anything about boarding an armed ship?"

***

The ocean breezes whipped against Jack's linen kilt as he stood at the prow of his ship. A saber hung at his side. Two knives—one strapped beneath his kilt—the other strapped to his chest, ensured that he couldn't be disarmed easily. 

They cut through the waves, the sails full overhead. The pirate ship appeared on the horizon. Jack swore he'd kill the ringleader himself.

***

With a marauder's cry, Jack led his men over the rails, his saber held high above his head. He fought through the ranks of the pirates, refusing to look in Renee's direction. He knew she stood tied between the mast and the rail. If he slipped, if he looked...he knew he'd be dead.

As his men cut down the pirate crew, Jack searched the deck. He spotted a man shouting orders from the forecastle. The captain must have seen him coming because he darted left toward Renee. A knife flashed in the sunlight.

Jack leapt. He seized a slat in the railing overhead and heaved himself up high enough to sweep his saber across the forecastle deck—right into the captain's hamstring. 

The captain went down with a cry of pain. Jack dropped back to the main deck and scaled the ladder up to the forecastle. He held his saber to the captain's throat and growled, "Surrender."

"You bloody arrogant son of a bitch!" The captain tried to spit in Jack's face but missed. 

Jack pressed the tip of his blade a little deeper into the captain's throat.

The captain gurgled. "I surrender," he rasped. 

His men had the rest of the pirates bound and tied to the masts. Jack stepped back and motioned for them to come and tie the captain up as well, but a flash of movement caught the corner of his eye. He flipped his saber around in his wrist and plunged it through the captain's heart. The captain's knife clattered to the deck. 

Relief flashed through Jack's frame. He turned to where Renee stood, and emotions of a different variety replaced his relief. Her breasts stood out against her chest, discolored from lack of circulation. Her face was streaked with tears. Her beautiful, tender skin had been completely exposed to the elements. 

Jack ripped his knife from its sheath and cut her arms free. She sagged against him and he reached behind her back to cut away the massive knot holding her breasts bound. Gently, he removed the ropes, massaging her breasts until the blood flowed freely again. 

Knowing every man—all Caledonians—were watching him, wondering at his tender attentions, Jack decided they could do with a little demonstration. He stepped behind Renee and reached around to cup one swollen tit in his hand. "Do you see this?" he said to the men. He gave the breast a gentle squeeze. Renee stayed silent. "This is mine." He reached around to cup the other one. "These are mine."

He stepped back in front and took a robe Gorm handed him. He tossed Renee the robe. "Cover yourself, slut. I'm going to fuck you good and proper—but this time no one gets to watch." That had to be enough to prove he hadn't gone soft. He couldn't afford to have his men turn on him now.

As he handed Renee over to his ship and followed her across the gangplank, Jack didn't allow himself to think about what might have happened. All that mattered now was that he had her back.

His men filed back over to the pirate's ship with instructions to take their captives to the prison island of Cahil. There would be no trial for them there.

When he and Renee were alone at last—the other ship drifting farther and farther from their sight—Jack turned to face Renee where she stood on the opposite side of the ship. She was clutching her robe tightly to her neck. Her eyes looked enormous. Why didn't she say anything? Could she...could she be afraid of him?

Jack took a few steps toward her, unsure of himself for the first time since they landed on this planet. "Renee," he said, "uncover yourself."

Slowly, she lowered the robe until she stood nude before his eyes. As many times as he'd seen the sight, she still took his breath away. Her full rosy-tipped breasts, her smooth stomach, her flared hips that were made for sex and child-bearing.

He had to get ahold of himself. He had to get back to familiar territory—get back to the things he knew. "Stay there. I'll be right back."

From his cabin, he fetched some blankets and a chest full of dildos he'd purchased in the market earlier that day. That was before he came home and found her missing. He threw down the blankets, then set the chest in front of Renee and opened the top. "Look inside."

She crept over and peered inside—the rings on her nipples glittered in the sunlight as her breasts swung from her chest. Her mouth formed a round "O."

"That's right, slut," Jack whispered huskily. "I'm bigger than every single one of these, but before you get me, you have to learn to appreciate me."

His fucktoy found her voice at last. "After all I've been through, you think you're going to get sex? You're out of your mind. I need rest!"

The lying little cunt. He saw the trail of moisture glistening on the inside of her thighs. He took two swift strides and grabbed her around the waist from behind. He shoved two fingers up her pussy and stroked her clit until she whimpered. He withdrew his fingers and held them—juice coated—up to her face. He lowered his lips to her ear. "I think it's time the lying cunt got what she deserved for being so stupid and allowing herself to get captured." He slapped her ass so hard she cried out. "What do you think?"

He flicked one of her pierced nipples and Renee gasped. "Please...just fuck me and be done with it."

"Oh no. That wouldn't be nearly as much fun." He swept her legs out from under her and lowered her to the blanket. Then, he took the smallest of the dildos out of the chest. He teased the lips of her cunt with the tip. Renee's mouth fell open and her hips thrust up to him. "That's right, I forgot," he said. "No foreplay for cocksluts." He shoved the dildo up her pussy and began moving it in and out. The smooth piece of glass was small, and as it failed to reach Renee in all the ways she was used to, she began to moan for Jack to fuck her.

"Oh Master, it's not as good. Please give me yours."

"How is it not as good?"

"Ohh...oh please it doesn't stretch me like you do."

"So you like being stretched?" He flicked her clit.

"Ah! Yes! Yes, I do. Please, give me your cock."

"Ah." Jack smiled. "Very well." He withdrew the dildo and grabbed a larger one—still not as large as he was. He plunged it into Renee's pussy. She moaned as the ribbed glass stretched her but did not reach as deep as Jack could. He rubbed her, inside and out, pinching her clit and watching with total pleasure as Renee's face contorted with her need.

"Please, Master! Give me the real thing," she sobbed, rocking her hips to get more of the dildo, to ease the ache Jack read on her face. 

"You little bitch, you need me to fuck you, don't you?"

"Oh god, yes, please I can't help it."

He needed no further encouragement. He pulled his kilt aside and stroked his cock so that she could see him in all his full, long, many-veined glory. Then, inch by agonizing inch, he slid into her.

Jack thought he was going to die. She felt so good..., warm, wet, and tight! He'd almost lost this...lost her. He was too careless...did he even deserve her? He put her through so much, but even though she challenged him, she loved everything he threw her way. He knew it in the way her hands seized his shoulders and drew him down to her kiss. 

Jack stilled inside her, his cock throbbing. He propped himself up on his elbows and took her face in his hands. Her lips melted against his. He went deaf, blind, and senseless to the ship or anything else that was not Renee. 

"Renee," he groaned against her mouth. "Oh god, Renee, I thought I'd lost you."

She turned away from his lips and closed her eyes. "Yes...if you had, you'd be in hot water once you got back to the station." Her voice sounded hollow. "It could have meant the end of your career."

"What?" He cupped her cheeks and forced her to look at him. "God, woman, look in my eyes and tell me I don't love you."

She looked. Her eyes widened. Jack's heart beat hard in his chest. He hadn't meant to lay it all out there, but there it was. If she rejected him...god, if she laughed...

Instead, tears welled up in her eyes. A new kind of panic seized Jack's heart. What the hell did you do with a crying woman? 

He started to withdraw, but Renee clapped one hand to his ass and said, "Don't you move you bastard." She started laughing through her tears. "You love me? Really?"

She was laughing. And crying. Jack stared at her, not knowing what to say. Ah hell, he'd already said it so there wasn't any going back now. "Yes, I love you."

Renee began peppering his face with kisses. "Where's my big, strong master now?"

Jack growled and pressed her hands to the deck. "I'm here, and you'd better start reciprocating or there's a whipping in your near future."

"I love you, too, Jack."

"Thank god." He dropped his face to her neck and began kissing the hollow there.

After awhile, he heard her say his name in a tentative voice. "Jack?"

"Mmm?"

"I'm pregnant."

He flew off her backwards and scrambled halfway across the deck. "Pregnant?" 

She sat up. "Yes...I've missed my period and I've been having morning sickness the past few days. I'm sorry, I know you don't want children, but—"

His shock turned into a scowl. "Wait just one damn minute. What gave you that idea?"

"I don't know, you...you just didn't seem like the type."

Jack got to his feet and stalked slowly back across the deck. "What have I been telling you every day since we landed on this planet?"

"That you wanted to knock me up, but that was just a fantasy, something to prove your male prowess."

His teeth flashed a smug grin. "And I have proved that haven't I?"

"Jack!"

"When did I give you permission to call me that, slut?" He dropped to his knees before her. "Now I suggest you lay your pregnant-ass self back on this blanket so I can fuck you and prove to you that this may be my first child, but it most certainly won't be my last."

He pushed Renee down and grabbed her tits as he slid slowly into her wet pussy. She moaned. He took one nipple between his teeth and laved her around the ring.

"Yesss...," Renee's eyes rolled back in her head. "Oh yeah fuck my pregnant pussy. Fuck me, Master."

Jack began to move his cock faster in her cunt. Her juices flowed warm and wet over him. Tension built in his balls as they slapped against Renee's ass. She whimpered beneath him, moaning on every breath higher and louder than before. "That's it, bitch," he whispered. "Moan for the man who knocked you up."

"Ohhhh," she cried.

"I got you pregnant the first night, didn't I. You were a horny, fertile slut and I knocked you up so fast you didn't know what hit you."

"Oh yes, Master!"

"You didn't want to submit did you? Tell me what changed, you big tittied slut."

"Unnngh, oh fuck me hard, yes! You showed me--oh god!--my true self. You pierced my tits, oh Master...ohhhh I need your cock in me all the time...I'm a weak woman, a slut, I need a master to protect me and fuck me. FUCK ME!"

Jack grunted, pounding into her harder than he'd ever fucked a woman before in his life. He had to claim his mate. It was a primal need. She was his. His. His. His. His...he chanted it in time to his thrusts. 

And she was his now. His even if she took out the nipple rings. His even if they had to leave this planet. "You're mine," he growled, then cried her name as he could hold back no longer.

She screamed beneath him. Her sheath throbbed around his cock, milking him dry.

Jack sagged over her and rolled over. He tugged her to him. She lay her head against his shoulder. As she snuggled under his arm, he thought about what life would hold for them. They had a few hours before his men came back from the prison island and sailed both ships back to Baristhan. What would he do when they got there?

He would take her away from here, he decided. She deserved better than to be treated as a second-class citizen for the rest of her life. They would go back to the space station, give their report, and ask for reassignment. Let others colonize this planet. He wanted to take his woman home, where she could earn the respect of her peers. She could be the brilliant, respected biologist in public...

...but at home, his submissive wife...

...and in the privacy of their bedroom, his cockslut, his love slave.

His Renee.