 Renee woke many hours later with a mild case of disorientation. Absorbing her surroundings—the silken bedsheets, the pillows piled high around her head—she suddenly remembered everything that had transpired over the last twenty-four hours. She was on Caledonia, playing the part of a lianir, sexual chattel. As far as the people here were concerned, she belonged to...

Jack. 

Heat flooded her cheeks, followed by shame that quickly boiled over into anger. How dare he take advantage of her so shamelessly—on their very first night in Caledonia! Sure, they could never be assured of privacy and had to play their parts well to keep damaging information from reaching the king, but they had no knowledge of the intimate behaviors between men and women here. Apart from the strange contents of that room, he couldn't know for a fact that his way was the right way. 

She threw the covers aside and started to sit up when the implication of her new surroundings hit her. This was not where he'd... "made love" to her earlier. Was this to be her bedroom? Would she share it with him?

Pushing aside the longing inherent in that wayward thought, she wondered if he'd carried her here after she fell asleep in that chamber. She tried to picture him doing it gently—how else could he have kept her from waking—but found the idea too disquieting to analyze further. Jack was her ally on this mission, but she didn't have to like him—or what he did to her body when they were alone.

Dragging a gossamer sheet over her shoulders, she padded over to the window to pull the heavy curtains aside and let the morning come streaming through the latticed window grate. Beautiful patterns of light stretched across her bedroom floor. 

Hoping Jack wasn't an early riser, she fumbled through the wardrobe he'd bought her along with the house last evening, searching for something that was at least marginally comfortable. She settled on a mint green set. The nearly transparent bindings of the top wrapped around her back and neck before cupping her breasts to lift them high and round on her chest. She had to work to get her nipples tucked behind the fabric when it would have been easier—and probably the intent of the costume—to leave them showing. The long loincloth of the bottom narrowed right at the point of her clitoris, placing pressure there while the skinny strap went between her ass cheeks before widening again to drape over the gold chain encircling her hips. She felt like sex personified. At least the fabric was soft.

She ducked into the hallway and tried to find a way to the gardens she'd been given a brief view of the night before. She hadn't gone five steps when she heard a low, lazy voice behind her.

"Good morning, Renee."

She froze, unable for the moment to do anything else as her body assailed her with memories of the last time she'd heard his voice. His arm curled around her naked waist and he placed a possessive hand over the softness of her belly. "Did you sleep well?" he murmured in her ear.

"Yes," she said quickly and pulled out of his reach. She was fine as long as he didn't touch her. As long as she could keep from touching him. "And did you?"

"Oh yes," he drawled slowly, his grin stretching wide and white against his tan. Abruptly his expression changed and he started to turn away from her. "We have guests. Bring tea in five minutes."

She watched him go, her tongue tied in knots. Bring tea? Where was she supposed to get tea, when she didn't even know her way to the kitchen? 

As if in answer to her question, a plainly garbed man appeared out of no where and bowed before her. "May I be of service?" he said.

"Who are you?" 

"I am Gorm, chief of household staff. I will see to you and the Master's needs."

It was then that she remembered the strange position lianirs occupied in the social order—not quite servants, but not masters either. 

She followed the man to the kitchens, where he ordered up a small tea kettle and gave her serving towels to go with tray of cups and spoons. When all was ready, he handed her the tray and pointed her back in the direction of the Master's guest rooms.

Renee had never in her life acted as a waitress, so during those many steps from the kitchens to the front rooms, she learned to sway her hips in a smooth, swiveling gait to keep from upsetting the tray. When another invisible man pulled aside the curtain to the receiving chamber, she sailed inside with more aplomb than her Earthbound self could have mustered.

And then she saw the men—all seven of them, richly garbed and seated around Jack at his table. They were all looking at her. Many of them grunted in appreciation, and at that, Jack turned his head and gave her a once over before dismissing her with the back of his hand. "Gentlemen, who would like tea?"

Each held up his hand with a smug eagerness she hated them for, but then she recalled exactly how she was dressed, and she realized she could hardly blame them. More than a little self-conscious about her less than model-perfect figure, she served each of them their tea.

When the last of the teacups were filled, she stepped away from the table and started to make a hasty exit when Jack's voice pulled her back to the ring of men. "Like I said before, you'll have to excuse her. She's new and very poorly trained. Personally, I could care less about those matters, and now that you've seen her, I'm sure you can understand."

The men laughed harshly and Jack raised his hand where she could see it, but still, did not turn to look at her. "Woman—come back and stand behind me."

With all her might she wanted to throw his order back in his face, but with so many wealthy Baristhaners looking on, she didn't dare. She did as she was told.

Jack had apparently been discussing the problem of pirates in port—the local seafaring merchants were afraid to stay in port and spend their newly won money because the pirates near Baristhan were so bold they could sweep into port at night and raid the docks. Renee listened with interest and begrudging admiration as he carried on an intelligent debate, arguing about what should be done. She hadn't counted on the Air & Space Administration for choosing a career military type with intelligence. 

"...now that I plan on making my living here, I assure you, I will not suffer these raids to continue. I have myself, my new lianir, and the babes she will soon bear to keep in mind, and do not care to share them with pirates!" he said with a fierceness she had difficultly believing was an act. 

"'Tis true," a grizzled older man announced. "You live close to the port, and keeping a lianir such as yours is tempting fate. I would steal her myself if I thought I could keep my good name."

"As would I," another joined in.

"And I," came the chorus. All the blood drained from Renee's face, but Jack held up his hand. 

"Sit down, slut." He grabbed her arm from behind him, dragging her down into his lap. In full view of his guests, he reached up and tugged one nipple free of its bindings. Renee gasped and struggled to cover herself but his strong arms kept hers pinioned at her sides. "I confess that I am a possessive man by nature, so I will not share. Still, I'm not so selfish that I will not allow friends to watch her take my seed. Any who I cannot call friends would leave now, but those I can trust to give me their word as binding law, I can think of no better seal than this one's cries of pleasure."

"Hear hear!" the men cheered with enthusiasm, hardly aware that they'd just been skillfully maneuvered into declaring themselves outright allies of this stranger, Jaq Giraiphin. All they knew was that he was going to fuck his delicious lianir here, before their very eyes.

Feeling the rasp of his calloused hands over her nipples, Renee's cunt begin to swell against the tight fabric between her legs. She closed her eyes with the humiliation of being so aroused in front of these strangers, but even more, because she didn't want Jack to stop.

With a low chuckle in his throat, he jerked the fabric down from both of her breasts, letting the heavy tit flesh spill free. "Look at them looking at you, Renee. You're sex to them. You're cunt and fat tits, and blinding orgasms." He squeezed one nipple into a painful bud. "They want you, but only I can have you. How does that make you feel?"

His fingers stole down to caress between her legs.

"Used," she blurted out with desperate spite, knowing that if she waited any longer to speak she couldn't trust herself not to give him everything he wanted.

"Used...yes I'll definitely use you. But only once I have you begging for me." He raised his voice. "Shall we make her beg first, gentlemen?" They cheered him on with a lusty roar. 

Before she could react, he gave her tits a light smacking, making them jiggle on her chest. She caught the gleam in a dusky-hued man's eye, his gaze fixed on her jugs and the warmth of shame pooled in her cleft. Jack grabbed both her nipples between his fingers and she moaned outright.

He jumped out of his seat, hauling her up with him as he dragged her over to the first man on his right. "Bend over, whore, and let him get a good look at that rack." He seized both her nipples and pulled her down to where her breasts were inches from the man's face. Trembling with fear, she silently prayed that Jack wouldn't hand her over to these men on a whim. He'd said he wouldn't, but she didn't know what sort of game he was playing. 

One by one, he led her around by her nipples, giving all the men ample time to see her tits up close. At last, he hooked one finger in the gold chain at her waist and led her out into the middle of the room. "Take it off," he ordered, pointing at her loincloth.

Her quick, apprehensive look at the men earned her a resounding SMACK across her ass. Whimpering quietly, she unhooked the chain and let the fabric fall to the floor. Jack caught her wrist as she started to drop the chain and said "Leave it on. Let me." He took the chain and fastened it two links tighter, leaving it to bite into her curves. 

Jack ordered her to get down on all fours. He loved the way her tits swayed heavily when she moved—the enticing swell of her ass rose up toward him as she arched her back in invitation. His cock had been forming a tent in beneath his kilt from the moment she walked into the room, but he'd managed to keep it hidden from his guests until now. It wouldn't do to let them see how very attracted he was to his own lianir. They could use it against him as a weakness. Speaking of weakness, he suddenly knew that a simple doggie-style mounting wouldn't satisfy them. He smacked Renee's ass hard enough to bring a yelp to her lips and hauled her to her feet. He shoved her down across the narrow part of a nearby end table reaching under to pull her tits out so that the men could see them hanging straight down on the opposite side of the table. 

"You haven't been very obedient, Renee," he announced, slapping her across the ass and gripping the mounded cheeks hard enough to leave red marks. "I'm going to show these men how a real man fucks his lianir, how I fuck you." He walked around to pull on her tits, grinning as she moaned. "Damn...you're such a cow, you little slut. Sooner or later, I'm going get you knocked up, and these big fat tits are just ripe for all those babies. What do you think boys...she needs to be fucked hard so she knows why she has these big udders."

His audience cheered, and Renee began to sob. He knew why she was crying...she was humiliated but she was also ripe for fucking.

Relishing every moment, Jack dropped his kilt and pulled her ass cheeks wide to see her cunt dripping with her juices, ready for him in a way that only made his cock throb harder. "I'm going to give it to you hard, woman, so get ready."

He shoved his dick up her cunt.

Renee cried out at the intensity of his thick cock ramming against the walls of her pussy. Her arms lay flat on the table, and as he withdrew to ram into her again, she couldn't do anything to hold herself in place. The table legs screeched on the stone floor at the force of his fucking, and as the pleasure within her built, she began to moan harder. He was using her in front of these strangers. They could see what a whore she was, what a whore he'd made her. Her tits swung crazily from her chest, and he kept fucking her.

SMACK! "Yeah I hear your moans, slut, you like it hard but you're afraid to say it."

All of a sudden, he stopped and withdrew. Renee gasped and whimpered at the sudden loss. He smacked her ass again. "If you want any more, you have to beg for it."

Her whimper turned into a throaty moan. "Please..." she said quietly.

SMACK! he gave it to her ass again. Her cheeks were still sore from the beating he'd given her yesterday, and tears sprung to her eyes. One rough finger brushed across her swollen wet clit and she cried out again.

"Please, Master! Oh please ram your cock up inside me!"

One of the watching men, his face florid with arousal said thickly, "Why do you need it, woman?"

"Because I'm a slut, I'm a whore," Renee moaned, "I'm not complete without his big shaft deep in my pussy."

"She's not begging enough," another man said. "Convince us that our new friend should give you what you need."

Renee was desperate. She had to get Jack back inside her. All dignity had long since fled. She ached. "Because it hurts, ohhh Master, please it hurts...I'm a whore and it hurts to be without cock, I promise I'll be obedient, please Ja-MASTER!" she cried out in fear, worried that her slip would cost her the one thing she craved.

He smacked her ass and rubbed her clit twice more, just enough to keep her horny and frantic. "I don't know, I still don't think she's begging hard enough, and she needs to be punished for almost saying my name. Does anyone have any toys with them?"

As if on cue, one of the men rose to his feet eagerly, holding little metal things in his palm. He dropped them in Jack's hand, and Renee's fear rose as her cunt throbbed harder at what he might do to her now. 

"Perfect," he said and came around to kneel in front of Renee. It was then that she saw he held tit clamps, the kind that tightened with any kind of force on the other end. These had little metal weights on them, and Jack wasted no time clipping them to her nipples.

She screamed, and the weights pinched tighter. "OH GOD! OH MASTER please fuck me hard, fuck my brains out, ohhhh please fuck me now I need your cock in me I need it ugghh oh it hurts so bad I deserve this, please please fuck me, oh Master." 

He seized her ass again and rammed home, sending Renee screaming into her orgasm. He pounded away at her pussy, slapping her across her ass cheeks and sending her heavy tits swinging with the weights on the end. She was so ripe for him that soon she was begging for more. "Oh your seed, give me your seed master...I'm fertile now master, please fuck me deep!"

With a growl, he thudded into her. He thrust his cockhead past the opening of her womb and emptied his cum into his woman. Visions of her knocked up, swollen with his sons, danced in his head. He'd keep her here on this planet if it was the last thing he did.

As he poured his life deep inside her, he curled himself over her body protectively, wishing—inexplicably—that he could take her to his bed right then and wipe her tears away from her face. But he—they had a show put on. 

Reluctance in every muscle of his body, he withdrew and faced his guests with a wide grin. "And with that, I believe we can conclude our meeting for today. Gentlemen?"

While his guests let off their steam—some masturbated, others just sat there exhaling—he deftly plucked the harsh clamps from his woman's nipples. From the grateful look on her face, he knew they'd begun to be truly painful. He walked straight to the man who had given them to him and thanked him for their use.

One by one, the guests took their leave, and at last Jack could return to the room. He found Renee still laying across the table. 

"Renee, you may stand."

Slowly, she rose to her feet and stood staring at him, a mute appeal on her face. Not knowing what she wanted from him, Jack said, "Clean up this mess," and began to walk past her but some inner devil of a gentleman made him stop at her ear. "Thank you," he whispered, and was gone.