 The story follows the events of an episode called "Ball at Laerina's court". It is not necessary to read it before this one, but it might help to know the characters and their background better.

As always I'd be happy to receive any form of feedback, so feel free to comment.

*****

Calindra has become an apprentice of Sune only recently. She has been training for few weeks and was pregnant for the same amount of time. The pregnancy has not yet visibly altered drow's body yet, although she had a feeling, that her breasts had already grown. Her husband Tanzerin was being very supportive and sometimes took part in the priestly practices with Valora. So did Sandalphon, the angel. That was the case with the current exercise as well.

Today's theme was oral sex. Of course, any woman can offer a good fellatio, but priestesses of the goddess of love aimed higher. They wanted to excel at all forms of lovemaking. That was why an additional challenge was a part of each exercise. The size of Sandalphon's penis did not make the fellatio any easier, but it was not considered challenging, despite reaching thirty centimetres, when fully erect. Priestesses were supposed to handle penies of all sizes. The difficulty lay somewhere else. Calindra would have to completely focus on the task at hand (or rather mouth) despite being in an uncomfortable position and being stimulated herself. And she was not allowed to climax before bringing Sandalphon to an orgasm. 

During the first part of the fellatio the young drow would be on the floor with her legs spread in the splits. Both her holes would be filled with magical toys and Tanzerin would be caressing her body. One of the toys was "The Tentacle". It was created by Laerinia and was extremely effective. The Tentacle could be inserted into any hole. It adapted to the user, searching for his or hers most sensitive areas and aiming for maximum stimulation. It could expand lengthwise and across, but also changed shape within certain limits. It could rotate and vibrate. The user's control was limited to the level of stimulation and The Tentacle adjusted its actions. The toy would be inserted into Calindra's vagina and Valora would be controlling it.

A much simpler toy was put into drow's anus. It was a large, vibrating plug with the level of vibrations also being adjustable.

Sandalphon sat comfortably in a chair and Calindra, stuffed with yet inactive toys placed herself on the ground and spread her legs. Tanzerin was already naked and his hands were on her body even before she put her lips on angel's penis. Valora turned on both toys soon after, gentle stimulation to begin with.

The drow began her task at Sandalphon's testicles. They were proportionally big to his huge penis and as hairless as the rest of angel's body. The advantage of being a celestial creature was, that one did not have to shave. Calindra licked one of the testicles few times and then put it into her mouth. She sucked on it for a while and then repeated the same pattern with the second testicle. She performed two rounds of such caress. 

After the testicles came time for the shaft. Sandalphon's penis was already getting hard, so there was length to lick. Calindra began at the base and moved her tongue slowly towards the head. She stopped as soon as her tongue touched the rim of the head and returned to the base, to start at a different point.

Both toys were constantly vibrating in her holes, but the stimulation was not overwhelming yet and the drow could easily focus on the fellatio. She also ignored Tanzerin caresses, even though her husband knew her body well and used that knowledge to bring maximal excitement. Currently he was sucking her toes, having moved there from licking her feet.

Calindra licked the shaft of angel's penis several times. She was methodical about it, since she knew that a priestess of Sune should never rush the lovemaking. When the drow was done with the shaft, Sandalphon's penis was fully erect. She paused for a short while to admire its monstrous size and beauty. 

Tanzerin was not jealous of the angel. He might not have been so well endowed, but was satisfied with his tool and knew, how to use it. The drow was gently groping one of his wife's breasts, while playing with the nipple of second.

Valora had turned up both toys slightly. The butt-plug just increased the frequency of vibrations, but The Tentacle also grew a bit and adjusted its shape to Calindra's womb.

Finally came the time for the head of the penis. It was already red and swollen. The young drow placed a few gentle, wet kisses on its surface, before licking it. First she slowly licked around the rim of the head. Full circle and then back and then two more rounds like that. After that Calindra licked the head itself, starting at the rim and moving her tongue to the tip. She worked diligently, making sure that every spot got adequate attention.

Eventually when the whole penis and the testicels were sufficiently kissed and licked, came the time for the actually sucking.

The priestess turned up the toys again, only slightly and Tanzerin moved his palms between his wife's legs. He fingered the edges of her holes, while the toys were stimulating them from the inside.

Calindra placed her lips on the tip of Sandalphon's penis, tightened them to create pressure, while she slowly pushed it into her mouth. When the head of the penis was in, the drow stopped the movement and resumed the licking. Meanwhile she was caressing angel's testicles with her nimble fingers. She continued that for about half a minute and then resumed pushing the penis deeper into her mouth and eventually throat. She did not abandon the testicles, though. 

Sandalphon's penis was long, so there was a lot to swallow. When its head reached drow's throat, she could no longer breath, but she maintained the slow and steady pace. Calindra kept moving her head forward until the whole penis was in her throat and her nose was resting on angel's underbelly. Drow's mouth was stretched to its limits, but she remained composed and still managed not to give up to the stimulation from Tanzerin and the toys.

The drow held the monstrous penis deep in her throat for few seconds before pulling it out. She did not rush that movement, though. She still had some air in her lungs to spare. She also had the will to keep herself from climaxing, although the stimulation was beginning to intensify. Valora had once more turned up the toys. The Tentacle was now wiggling inside drow's vagina. Tanzerin had moved to his wife's neck and was caressing it and planting kisses all over the soft, ebony skin. 

After deepthroating the penis once Calindra gave the shaft and the head come more licking. Not as diligent this time, since she wanted to go back to sucking. She repeated the pattern with taking the penis into mouth and again licked the head, once it was in, before taking it deeper into her throat. She deepthroated Sandalphon's member in the same fashion as previously, but held it in for a few seconds longer this time. Calindra moved her head back equally slowly, but this time kept the head of the penis in her mouth, as she inhaled. This way she was breathing in the angel's sweet, masculine scent. It was truly divine.

The drow repeated the pattern few times, each time holding the penis in her throat for a short while longer. When she finished the toys were turned up again. 

Tanzerin stood up and helped his wife do the same, since it was time for a change of pose and pace. Calindra was laid down on her back on a bed, with her head hanging down from the edge. Her legs once again spread into splits and immobilized in this position. Her body was a sight to behold as her smooth, ebony skin glistened with sweat. The toys remained inside of her holes, now twisting and vibrating with speed, that was harder to ignore. Tanzerin also had a better opportunity to caress his wife's body. He decided to move to her breasts again. Sandalphon stood at drow's head and aimed his rock hard, huge penis at her mouth. He would take the initiative from now on. Calindra placed her palms on angel's thighs. She would push him back, if he was going to fast or too rough.

Calindra opened her mouth wide as Sandalphon's penis was entering. The angel gently pushed his whole member into drow's throat until his testicles were resting on her nose. Calindra's throat was perfectly relaxed and fully opened. She had to keep it like the for the whole duration of deepthroating, while at the same time straining her will, to hold back from climaxing. Sandalphon did not hold his penis inside, but withdrew it until its head was resting between drow's lips. Then he shoved it back in. The angel kept repeating the motion, performing it quicker each time. Calindra had not pushed him back and he easily reached the desired tempo.

Both toys were going really fast and Tanzerin moved his attention to his wife's sensitive, inner thighs.

The angel was using drow's throat, as if it was a vagina. He held her head in his hand and moved his hips back and forth, each time shoving the whole length of his massive penis in and out. Calindra had not protested once, but focused her complete will on restraining herself from reaching an orgasm. Both toys were going at full speed now and Tanzerin was kissing, pulling and biting her now swollen nipples, as well as groping and licking her breasts. The stimulation was so intense, that the young drow had forgotten about her fully spread legs. The discomfort caused by the splits was almost trivial with all the stimulants attacking her senses. 

Contrary to Calindra Sandalphon was not holding back his orgasm and the stimulation caused by drow's skillful mouth eventually became overwhelming. The fierce penetration of Calindra's throat has brought him to the edge. When the angel sensed the point of no return incoming, he withdrew his penis for slightly longer to give the drow more time to inhale. Then he push it all in, until his swollen testicles rested on Calindra's nose. There he held it, as he reached the climax and a voluminous load ejaculated from his member. When the drow, who was now hanging on the threads of will, sensed it, she realized, she had succeeded and let herself orgasm as well. The stimulation of toys, now wild and Tanzerin's rough play with her breasts and nipples made the climax insanely intense. Calindra could not cry in ecstasy, though, since her throat was filled with an ejaculating penis. The lessening of air made the sensation even more ferocious.

It Sandalphon a whole minute to empty his huge, swollen testicles deep inside Calindra's throat. He then withdrew his penis completely. Final drops of his seed fell on her lips and forehead. The drow, still going through a wild orgasm of her own, could not inhale deeply nor cry loudly with pleasure, although she wanted to do both. Instead she chaotically gasped for air and issued weak moans. 

Eventually Valora turned the toys off, Tanzerin stopped his not-so-gentle-anymore caresses and Calindra's climax subsided. It was the end of priestly training, but not the end of lovemaking.

Tanzerin has been enthusiastically participating in the test. The sight of his wife performing a magnificent fellatio as well as the caressing of her wonderful body made the drow incredibly aroused. Despite not being touched, his penis remained hard during the deepthroating and was now aching for attention. 

The drow unfastened the bonds that kept Calindra's legs spread into splits and removed the toys from her holes. Her vagina had received an insane amount of stimulation already, but it could still accommodate her husband's penis. Tanzerin wasted no time. He put his wife's legs on his shoulders and in one, smooth motion shoved his penis into her soaking wet vagina.

The lovemaking between the couple was too short for Calindra to reach another orgasm and the young drow was contented with that. Tanzerin has been turned on so much, that he needed only few minutes before he shot his load into his wife's womb. 

The lovers kissed softly for a while, so that Calindra could regain some strength and then they went to take a shower together. 

The disciple of Sune has passed one of the priestly tests. Valora, the priestess and mentor, was really pleased with her drow student.