 In a world known as Nympharia, there exists the island continent of Basien Known for its cold, wet and dreary climate, the people of Basien lead mostly simple lives. They honor bravery and virtue as well as deep faith and fervent devotion to the gods. For some, this faith is tested daily as all who live in Basien must contend with the thing the nation is most known for: its constant plague of dark and bloodthirsty creatures of the night. 

Not least of the creatures that beset Basien are the vampires. Cruel worshipers of the dark goddess Sanguia they hide away in the blackest recesses of the earth so that the sunlight will never touch them. Though reviled as bloodsucking monsters, the vampires of Nympharia are feared for a second reason. Any man or woman who lives in the nation of Basien will tell you that the only thing greater than a vampires need for blood is their insatiable desire for sex. 

Vampires in Nympharia revere themselves as being the perfect sexual beings. They are immortal and eternally youthful, their bodies remaining in pique sexual health throughout all the long centuries they live. They are unnaturally strong and inhumanly dexterous, their faces and bodies more alluring and beautiful than any average human could ever hope to be. Only the vampires themselves know the true specifics of their powers, but many dark rumors about them are whispered behind closed doors. Some are whispered in terror, but others in lustful admiration.

Only when night falls do the vampires venture forth to stalk and prey upon the humans, capturing them and bringing them back to their shadowy lairs to use them as cattle, workers, soldiers, or most often, as sex-slaves. 

Only one cult of these Sanguia worshipers stands proud as being openly known to Basien's people, a cult ruled by the infamous vampire Adamar and housed in the formerly abandoned castle of Plaisir. Neither these vampires nor the humans of Basien dare to openly attack one another, though the vampires still claim their prey and the humans attempt to stop them from doing so whenever possible. 

One group in particular has been a thorn in the side of all vampires for hundreds of years. They are the renowned and infamous Vigilants of Kathros, though even they, who have dedicated their lives to rooting out beings such as vampires, are not so bold as to launch any full-scale assaults. Thus an odd and tenuous peace has existed between these factions for over two centuries. 

The times when it is most put to the test, however, are the rare nights when the people of Basien cannot resist the luring idea of being part of castle Plaisir's hedonistic society. They travel to the castle willingly, often to offer themselves up as slaves for the "superior beings" to control. Many do this in response to the vampire's tempting promises that if a human slave serves them faithfully enough and shows devotion to their great goddess, the vampires of Plaisir will allow that human to be joined into their immortal ranks. Naturally, very few humans have ever actually been deemed worthy, but many still obediently serve, living off of the faint hope that they will, one day, be chosen. 

Little did any of the residence of Plaisir know that this night would be a night these long-standing traditions would have an exception. A proposition was about to be presented to them so bold that it would send shockwaves throughout the entire nation of Basien.

* * *

Celestine bit her plump, lower lip, moaning softly as waves or carnal pleasure shot up through her body. She was standing in her lavish bedchamber stripped completely naked, her foot on top of the shoulder of one of her male sex-slaves in order to keep her legs adequately spread as the slave kneeled submissively below her. 

Celestine could hardly remember the man's name. It did not matter to her in the slightest as he was only one of the many mortal slaves she owned. All she knew was that this one in particular had always had an affinity for eating her out, which he did quite eagerly; wrapping his lips tightly around her swollen clit and flicking it rapidly with his tongue. 

The slave was a handsome young man with short brown hair that Celestine couldn't help but run her fingers through as she ground her pussy harder against his face. His cock was as hard as it could be, though he did not dare to move his hands from behind his back to touch it and give himself pleasure. If his Mistress caught him doing that, he knew he would be severely punished in ways he would rather not go through again. The only clothing he wore was a collar, the uniform of human slaves in the castle. Celestine's name was engraved into it so that there would be no confusion as to who his owner was. 

On the hard stone floor he kneeled, servicing his Mistress as she soaked his face in more of her sweet juices. All the slave could do was keep licking and sucking until Celestine told him to stop. He didn't mind at all. She tasted indescribably delicious and he simply could not get enough of staring up at the woman's astounding body. 

The great vampire Celestine's smirk grew a little wider as her slave continued to eat her cunt obediently, her orgasm fast approaching. She was one of the oldest vampires in Plaisir, having been one of the founding cult members who discovered the abandoned castle along with Adamar and decided to make it their new home. She never regretted her decision to do so as now she had everything she had ever wanted, including the courage to not hide away like other vampires and to face the humans of Basien openly as what she truly was.

Due to her age and power, Celestine was an unrivaled beauty, centuries old, yet not appearing a day over thirty. Her slim, soft, yet defined facial features were enough to make any mortal man freeze in his tracks and stare at her with desire as if bound by a spell. Her skin was nearly as pale as snow and flawless in complexion, with black painted nails that tangled into her slave's hair and ruby red lips that were parted to allow breathy moans to keep tumbling out. Her body was slim and fit with just the right amount of defined muscle and her long, shining blonde hair cascaded down in an elegant wave to just below her shoulders. The blood red irises of Celestine's eyes gleamed in the torchlight, staring down with a half-lidded gaze at the human man about to make her cum. She had wide, child-bearing hips that she continued to push harder and harder against her sex-slave's face as well as a perfect, plump, heart-shaped ass big enough to smother a man into a happy grave. Lastly, hanging from Celestine's chest were her favorite feature: her massive, natural and incredibly perky breasts. They seemed to almost defy gravity as they bounced with every slight jolt of the woman's torso. As she continued to grip the human man's hair tightly with one hand, she used the other to massage one of her heavy breasts and tease her hard, pink nipple. 

"Fuck. Yes, yes, yes! Right there!" Celestine moaned, her voice growing to a higher and higher pitch as she was quickly reaching her orgasmic peak. With her slave unquestioningly obeying and lashing his tongue against her sensitive nub, she suddenly released, more of her thick cream and juices gushing down all over the handsome man's face as she let out a quiet, yet trembling moan. The orgasms of vampires were always more intense than those of any human and every part of Celestine's body shook from pleasure, her big ass and massive tits jiggling especially hard. 

The human sex-slave had done this enough times that he knew what his Mistress wanted next. Though his tongue was sore he continued pressing and swirling it against her pleasure button, sending further shockwaves of bliss through her body as she pulled on his hair even harder and rode her orgasm out to its last moment. 

"You can stop now." Celestine said in a whisper through her smile and only upon receiving that instruction did her sex-slave obey. He pried his lips away from her and instead flattened out his tongue, moving to lap up the warm wetness that soaked his Mistress's inner thighs. While Celestine so loved to be worshiped like this, she had a point to prove and was done with this little man. 

"Good boy." She moaned to him in approval, though she then used her grip on his hair to pull face away from her. She shoved him aside without another word, tossing the man roughly to the floor with her incredible strength before turning around to look to the side of her.

"See!? That's how it's done, you worthless little whore!" Celestine shouted angrily, her face tightening quickly into a scowl though her naked body still trembled from her orgasm's aftershock. She was now facing one of the many cages that were kept in the corner of her large chamber, each one holding another one of her slaves as they kneeled there, naked except for their own engraved collars. 

The slave Celestine was talking to specifically was her newest one, a pretty young woman with the short red hair of a farm girl and a thin, bony body, suggesting she had been a poor one too. As her Mistress shouted at her, tears began to form in the young girls eyes. Her head hung low in shame, her heart sinking as she listened.

"It's been a week since you traveled to this castle, yes?" Celestine asked this female slave, though she did not give her enough time to answer her question before ranting further and walking towards her cage. "You asked to be made a slave here, yes? You said that you like women? Then how the fuck, after all I've tried to teach you, can you still be so bad at pleasuring me!? Pathetic!" There was a heavy silence in the room, only punctured by the sniffling sounds of the female slave as she began to cry. "I should just let you free! Send you back out there to face the humans! You clearly can't cut it here!" Celestine continued, clearly having no space for sympathy for the girl in her cold, black heart. Upon hearing this, the slave-girl's eyes grew wide and she grabbed onto the bars, looking again at her Mistress. 

"No! Please! I'm sorry Mistress! I promise I'll do much better next time! I promise! Please don't do that! Give me another chance!" she pleaded desperately. Celestine growled and glared at the slave, standing over her in a dominant posture before slowly raising up one finger. 

"One chance." Celestine growled. "You get only one more! If you fail I will take that collar off of you and throw you out of this castle naked! After that you had better hope you're eaten alive by wolves. It's certainly a better fate than the human's finding you."

Celestine was right and the slave girl knew it. She then looked away, her breathing heavy and her expression fearful as she remembered what she had seen done to other ex-vampire slaves that had been caught. Celestine enjoyed the look of fear in the red haired woman's eyes, though she was not able to enjoy it for long as, just then, she heard a knocking at her large chamber door. 

"Enter." Celestine said, placing her hand on her hip as she turned to face the door and whomever it was that was knocking. The heavy wood slowly creaked open and another slave appeared from behind it. This slave was not hers, however, having a collar around his neck that read the name 'Adamar.' He was still a dark haired, toned and very handsome man. Celestine had always thought of him as quite the prize of a slave and a bit jealous that Adamar was the one who owned him. 

"I'm sorry to disturb you Mistress Celestine." The slave said to her after giving a polite bow. Celestine couldn't help but notice the way the man quickly eyed her naked body up and down as he did this, his actions making her red lips curl into a smirk. "But Master Adamar requests your presence in the great hall immediately." he continued. "There is a new arrival at the castle tonight." Upon hearing this, Celestine hissed with annoyance.

"I'm busy at the moment. Besides, I have enough slaves of my own for now. They do not need me there to lay claim to any new ones. Run along now." Celestine gestured with her hand to shoo the man away, but he did not go, and only bowed again before continuing to speak. 

"Begging your pardon, Mistress Celestine, but Master Adamar was quite insistent. He does not believe that this one arrives to offer himself up as a slave. He believes this one is..." he paused before emphasizing the word "different." 

"Different, you say?" she replied, thinking for a short moment before sighing heavily. "Very well, you may tell your Master that I will be right there."

The dark haired slave smiled and bowed again before excusing himself and shutting the large door behind him. "Now get back in your cage!" Celestine growled, turning towards her male slave that was still lying on the floor.

"Yes, Mistress." The slave replied right away, crawling into the one empty cage on his own and closing the door behind him until the latch was shut.

Conveniently, Celestine did not have to bother locking the man inside. None of the cages in her chamber even had locks on them. She simply did not need any physical restraints in order to keep her slaves obediently inside until she returned. 

Celestine spoke no further words to the men and women in the cages, only walking towards her dresser at the far end of the room to slip on an outfit before she left. She put on black high-heels and a simple back dress made of thin, shining, silk-like material. It hung around her naked body like a comfortable robe, yet was tight in all the right places, accentuating Celestine's remarkable physique. A large triangle space was cut out at the front, bringing attention to her mountainous cleavage while still allowing her breasts to hang relatively free. The dress was sleeveless as well, showing off her slender, womanly shoulders as well as her pretty neck and collar bones. Lastly, the dress had cutouts in the sides of the skirt that went all the way up to the top of Celestine's hips. They were large and exposed nearly all of her smooth, long legs, leaving some of her ass exposed in the back as well as the fabric was clearly not capable of covering all of it. Now dressed, she flipped her hair behind her shoulders, her heels clicking on the stone floor of the castle as she headed out of her chamber door. 

Celestine walked down the torch-lit halls of castle Plaisir with an effortless stride, her hips swaying beautifully as her ass and tits bounced with every step. As she approached the great hall she began to hear the chattering of voices she recognized. 'Has Adamar called other vampires to the great hall as well?' she thought to herself. 'This may be an ordeal worth my attention after all.'

Soon she rounded the corner and found herself standing in the massive, high ceilinged, great hall of the castle. The room was as big as a cathedral, gargoyles hanging off of the supporting stone pillars and looking down watchfully at all activity below. The castle had been constructed with windows when the vampires found it, of course, especially in this room, but they quickly put their slaves to work in filling them up with more mortar and brick so as to never let the sunlight through. However, the outlines of the windows that were once present were still quite visible to anyone who looked. 

Though she had heard the noise of conversation, Celestine was still surprised to see that nearly all of the vampire residences of the castle were present. The only ones that weren't, she remembered, were currently out on a hunt. She also saw that some of the vampires had brought a few of their more bratty and punishable slaves along with them, keeping them on chained leashes that were attached to their collars and forcing them to kneel on the ground beside their owners.

There were over a dozen vampires in the room including Celestine. She could hardly remember the last time she saw them all together in one place like this. Ambrosia, Gaspard, Ivaline, Dane and Beatrix were standing in the center of the room, seeming to be the most involved in the conversation as Adamar stood in the middle of them all. Justinia, Brevin, Zoe, Cyril, Hortensia and Xavier stood off to the fringes, seeming content to silently watch and ponder over the situation as it was being discussed. The first decipherable words Celestine heard spoken were from the mouth of Gaspard, a vampire with short, silver-fox hair and an attractive, full beard with scars of battle than showed on some of his exposed skin. 

"Does he not know who we are? How dare he defy us in this manner!?" he asked the crowd, his bulging muscles straining against the tight, black leather of his vest-like shirt. He held the leashes of two female slaves in one hand, tightening his grip and tugging on them absentmindedly as he spoke.

Ivaline then stepped forward, a sexy spitfire of a woman with long, fiery red hair to match. Her outfit was little more than elegant, crimson lingerie.

"I find it rather impressive." She replied. "This man is uncompromising in what he wants, as are we all." This sentiment did little to temper Gaspard's anger and Beatrix, who seemed to agree with him, decided to speak up as well.

Beatrix had dark olive skin and long black hair that was shaved on one side. She wore a purple corset dress that hugged her own large breasts tightly, threatening to let them spill out. 

"I say we kill him." Beatrix said "Send more soldiers after him. Then, while he's fighting them, one of us can go out there and finish him off quickly." Celestine interrupted.

"What in Sanguia's name is going on here?" she asked, causing everyone in the room to turn and look towards her.

"Ah, Celestine, you've finally arrived." Said Dane, taking the initiative to explain things to her as Adamar was simply standing and staring ahead in his usual quiet, methodical contemplation. 

Dane was a slim and debonair man, with a well kempt goatee that he seemed to love to stroke with his fingers as well as slicked back dark hair shaved on either side. His clothing was far more conservative than all of the other vampires, but his toned muscles were visible with his every movement underneath the tight, thin, black fabric. 

"We received word that there was a human on horseback near the outer wall gates demanding to speak with us, and only us. When he was told by the gate-watch slaves to tell them first so they could report the message to us, he drew his sword and slew them all without another word." 

"What?" Celestine asked in quiet astonishment. Such a thing had indeed never happened before. No human had ever been so brazen and stupid to commit an act of aggression like that all on his own. "Could this be some kind of human trap or diversion?" She asked. Ambrosia was quick to respond to that question. 

She had jet black hair cut short in a sexy tom-boy style and a type of dress to match it, though her pants and shirt still hugged her curves tightly and she made sure to keep her top unbuttoned to show off her own alluring cleavage. 

"We don't think so. The scout slaves have reported no unusual activity. Besides, who would be foolish enough to try and attack us in the dead of night like this?"

Gaspard growled, pulling harder on the leashes of his slaves and causing them jolt forward. "Exactly! It's the last thing we would expect! This has to be some kind of trick by the humans! I wouldn't be surprised if the Vigilants of Kathros themselves were behind this!" 

'What should we do then?" Asked Ivaline, Dane then interjecting.

"The man is riding up towards the keep right now. He's killing any of our soldiers that dare to get in his way. Whatever we, do we had better do it fast!"

As the arguing continued, Adamar still only stood and stared ahead at the grand, double doored entrance to the keep that this human man was sure to be knocking against soon. His eyes danced around as the gears in his head turned, both listening to what the other vampires were saying as well as formulating a solution of his own. 
