 -=-=-=-=-=-=- 

Princess Casiama IV of Tor Valliya 

Catriona, Imperial County of Catriona 

17th of Zenith, 1282 D.f. 

-=-=-=-=-=-=- 

The city of Catriona was bustling with activity this day, just as it was on every other. The docks were filled with a hundred ships, dockhands loading cargo destined for ports all over the Empire of man, and even beyond the seas. 

There would be a hundred and two girls practicing their gods-given gifts of magic at the college on an isle in the bay, and a hundred merchants would be selling their wares to a hundred customers at any one instant. Everyone in the city would be awake at this hour. Everyone, but one. 

An elven princess laid in slumber in her townhouse by the bay, curled up fetally on the couch in it's main hall. She had been left alone with an infant for just over a week, and had found herself utterly overwhelmed by his incessant crying and demands for her attention. 

Casiama's lids fluttered open, her deep green eyes meeting the morning sun beaming through the windows. She yawned, stretched, and smiled, pleased that she had been given a chance to sleep even for an hour. She shifted her gaze to the corner of the room, where she had left the babe Talos last. 

... Or, where she had remembered leaving him last. The crib was there, just under the window, but a babe was there no longer. She shot up in a panic, her eyes darting about the room. 

"Talos?" she whimpered, bounding for the stairs in the corner of the hall. Perhaps she had left him in the bedroom? Yes, assuredly she had. She ran up those stairs faster than any had before, swinging the bedroom door open in a panic. She entered, scanned the room, even knelt to look under the bed, then left as quickly as she had entered. 

"Talos!" she shouted, knowing the babe wouldn't respond. He was too young to recognize his name, or even recognize his own existence in the world. She checked the upstairs den, the balcony, then strode down the stairs as hastily as she had ran up them. 

"Talos!" Casiama cried, running for the kitchen. She had just cooked him a meal of mashed peas and carrots, surely she had merely forgotten to take him with her when she napped. She slid on the smooth wooden flooring as she entered the room, whimpering desperately when there was no sign of him. 

Her ears perked up when the front door to the townhouse opened. Oh gods, not now! 

"Hey Cass! We're back," she heard Alanna shout from the doorway. Casiama audibly gulped then ran towards the door, hiding her hands behind her back. 

"Hello, A-Alanna," Casiama stuttered, her words dripping with guilt. "How was the trip?" 

"It was amazing, Cass!" Alanna replied happily, shutting the door behind her and entering the hall beyond the front antechamber. She must have spied the empty crib in the corner of the room, for her next words would have made no sense otherwise. 

"Where's Talos?" Alanna asked thinly, spinning towards the frowning elf. 

"Uh, he's... uh..." 

"Cass..." Alanna glared, "where is-" 

Fortunately, by the grace of all that is great and miraculous in the world, Alanna's words were cut off by the whining cries of an infant. Alanna turned towards the noise instantly. 

"You left him in the privy?!" Alanna exclaimed, running to soothe the crying infant. 

Casiama exhaled sharply and leaned against the wall, the greatest guilt and worry she had ever felt in her lifetime now behind her. She supposed she did leave him in the privy, for one delirious reason or another. Alanna came out with the babe Talos cradled in her arms a minute later, with a brow raised as she glared at Casiama. 

"Was everything okay here?" Alanna asked with a hint of worry, her words far calmer than they had been a minute ago. Casiama nodded. 

"Yeah, everything was fine Alanna," the princess replied with a nod. "Sorry about... that. I guess I was just a little tired, and it must have slipped my mind for a moment." 

Alanna's brows fell, and she pursed her lips with a smile. "You do look awfully tired, Cass. Go upstairs and get some well-earned rest. And... thank you, for caring for my son. And letting me have some time alone with Talos... I really needed that," the sorceress sighed. 

Casiama nodded again, finally smiling as well. "You're welcome. I think I'll wait here until Talos returns." 

"He's putting the horses away. He might be some time," the auburn-haired sorceress explained as she rocked the babe in her arms. 

"It's no matter. I'll wait." 

Alanna frowned. "He'll be here when you wake." 

"It's no matter," Casiama repeated with a squint of her eyes and a shake of her head. Alanna shrugged. 

"Suit yourself, Cass," Alanna sighed, walking towards the main room to sit down on the couch with her child in her arms. She cooed at him sweetly, asking of his week with no expectation of a reply. 

Casiama waited by the front door for the better part of thirty minutes, leaning against one of the wooden beams. Her eyes were fluttering shut occasionally, and she might have fallen asleep entirely if the door hadn't opened when it did. 

A man -- her man -- grinned at her from the doorway. Casiama's ears perked up instantly at the sight. She bounced towards him, wrapping her arms around his neck as he shut the door. She gave him a flurry of kisses against his cheek until he tilted his head towards hers, kissing her deeply. 

"Gods, it's so good to see you," Casiama declared as she pushed off from him with the world's widest smile. 

"And you honey," Talos replied with a grin. "How'd you fare?" 

Casiama swayed side-to-side, counting the world's limitless blessings. "It was good! We... I did a lot of reading. Aloud." 

Talos beamed, shrugging softly. "You think he even knows what you're saying?" Casiama shrugged as well. 

"Probably not..." she answered with an exhausted chuckle. Talos' smile began to wane as he glanced over Casiama's darkened eyes, and he brought a hand to her cheek to wipe a stray lock of hair away. 

"You look exhausted, Cass," he said full of worry. The elf nodded meekly, feeling her strength being sapped as Talos' sympathy overwhelemed her. 

"I must, by now. By the Lady..." Casiama murmured with a deep sigh and a frown, "how does a single mother even raise a babe?" Talos shrugged at her ask, smiling warmly. "All he does is cry... and then when he wasn't crying, I would try retiring for a nap. And then he would cry again!" 

Talos stepped forward, wrapping the overwhelmed elf in his loving arms. Casiama held onto him tightly, her face burrowing into his shoulder. She was so very glad he was home again. Casiama had never felt loneliness until last week, as she and Talos had been inseparable since they'd met last year. Before that, being by herself for extended periods of time hadn't bothered her in the slightest. 

"Shh, it's okay, Cass," he reassured her softly, bringing a hand up to stroke her hair, "It's Alanna's turn to take care of the babe. Let's get you to bed, okay?" 

Casiama nodded into his shoulder, then lifted her face away to look him in the eyes. "Okay," she agreed wobbly, "but... you are coming with me, right?" 

"Yeah," Talos nodded, smiling warmly as he gazed into her tired eyes. "We'll go together." Casiama smiled, matching his expression. 

"And you will tell me of your adventures?" she asked dreamily. 

"Of course. I'll tell you all I can before you sleep." 

"And then... you won't leave when I do, right?" she asked with raised brows. Talos shook his head, replying to the elf's brittle words softly. 

"Never. I'll lie with you until you wake, no matter how long that may be." Casiama's lips started to quiver at her lover's most generous offer, and she soon fell atop the man. She smooched him lovingly on the cheek.  

"Oh, Talos... thank you! I have missed you so much," she exclaimed wholeheartedly, choking on her words. 

"And I you. More than you know. Come on," he said, grabbing the elf's hand delicately to lead her up the stairs, barely sparing a glancing smile towards Alanna and his offspring as he passed them by. Casiama, even in her sleep-deprived state, knew the pair were likely conversing telepathically regardless. 

Talos released Casiama's hand to lift the bedsheets for her, an offer declined by the elf with a shaken head and a smile. She ran a hand down her dress, banishing it in a flash of light so she stood in only her smallclothes. She pointed at the bed with an exhausted smile, a wordless ask for Talos to lay down. He did, settling in the middle. 

Casiama took her place next to him, although not to make love. There would be time for that later, and she only wanted to hear is heartbeat as she laid her head atop him, and wrapped an arm around his chest. She smiled dreamily, her eyes fluttering shut soon after. 

Talos softly regaled her of his excursion to Dun Aysla, and meeting the self-proclaimed princess of Tor Remilla. He clearly figured Casiama would appreciate that story most, and she found it interesting enough to stay awake for even in her exhausted state. He almost began speaking of his trip to Featherton before Casiama interrupted him with soft voice. 

"Maybe... maybe you can tell me of the other adventures later, Talos," Casiama said drowsily. Talos ensured his useless arm was wrapped around her shoulder before she fell asleep, squishing the gorgeous elf closer to him. He kissed her on the forehead. 

"Okay. Goodnight, Casiama." 

All seemed right in the world with Talos once again beside her. Her jealousy turned to happiness, her possessiveness into love. Casiama had wanted to tell him this, but forgot what happened next when she drifted off to sleep. 

-=-=- 

Casiama awoke twelve hours later, feeling a familiar hardness against her leg. She jabbed at it playfully with her knee for a moment before opening her eyes, her heart dropping when she found Alanna halfway on top of Talos, making out with him as she was sleeping. Alanna's eyes opened when the elf's did, and she pushed herself off of the man's lips. 

"Look who decided to wake, Talos," the sorceress said cutely. Talos turned his face towards Casiama with a grin. 

"'Bout time, princess. You've been asleep for half a day," he smirked. 

Casiama giggled. "Have you been with me that entire time?" 

"He has. Sorry if I woke you," Alanna replied for him, a lustful grin forming on her face. "But, you're awake now... so who's riding him first?" she asked with a tilt of her head, forcing the elf to glance towards Talos' hardened member. 

She giggled once more, scooching up the bed toward's Talos' face. "He's all yours, Alanna. I'm sleepy." 

The statement, while half-true, was merely an excuse for a delirious Casiama to watch Alanna in action. She enjoyed watching her voluptuous form jiggle as she was taken in lust, and enjoyed watching Talos take another girl further still, for some bizzare reason. Casiama didn't understand why, but ultimately it didn't matter. It got her hot all the same. 

Alanna and Talos shared a lustful grin, and the sorceress lifted her dress as she stradded the man between she and Casiama. Casiama only shifted further up the bed, turning towards Talos to kiss him deeply on the lips as he was mounted by another. 

The elf's ears perked up when she heard the first moan escape Alanna's lips, then opened an eye to watch the action. Alanna's dress held all that Casiama was interested in from view, much to her chagrin. 

"Ooh, Talos. Give me a moment," Alanna cooed, lifting herself from his manhood with a wet slurp. Talos shrugged, clearly dumbfounded, as she slid the straps of her dress down her shoulders. "I'm just taking my dress off!" she exclaimed, as if granting Casiama's wish like a djinn of lust. 

"Hurry up, then," he grinned before pulling Casiama in for another long kiss. The elf brought a leg up to straddle the man's chest as Alanna undressed behind her, then clutched his shoulders as his arms wrapped around her. 

"You suuure you don't want him, Cass?" Alanna teased her with a giggle from out of view. Casiama wiggled her hips in show for the sorceress as Talos' tongue invaded her mouth, but soon felt the pressure from Alanna rejoining them on the bed. She heard Alanna's pussy take Talos' cock once more, then felt a gentle push against her own slit as Alanna rubbed her from behind. 

Casiama shivered with delight as she made out with her lover. To think that Alanna was thinking of her as she was riding Talos... she really was too good for them. 

"Mmm... Talos... your cock just ruins me," Alanna moaned sluttily, Casiama heating up instantly from the girl's confession. The elf dismounted Talos, to just lay beside him as Alanna rose and fell on his cock sensually. Casiama smiled anxiously when he looked at her with perplexion. 

"Don't mind me!" Casiama squeaked. Talos shrugged, then brought his hands to Alanna's hips to guide her atop him, the girl soon leaning towards him so their lips met once more. The elf was transfixed on Alanna's rocking hips, her tongue wrapping with his, her tits jiggling lewdly as she moved... ohh... 

She couldn't help what came next. They wouldn't notice if she slipped a hand into her panties, she knew, so she did so immediately to work on her button as her lovers fucked right beside her. Alanna sighed while Talos groaned, their bodies moving in unison. The love of her life, taking a girl right in front of her... mmm... 

"Gods Talos, you fill my pussy so good!" Alanna squealed towards the ceiling, unintentionally forcing Casiama to pleasure herself faster. Alanna rose from him slightly and placed her hands on the mattress for support, working his cock with quickly rocking hips as Talos groaned her name. 

"Yeah Talos, mmm... tell me how you like my little pussy," Alanna asked of him through her sighs of lust. Casiama would have saw Talos' nervous glance towards her, just then, if her eyes weren't clenched shut in pleasure. 

"It's, uh, a tight pussy, Alanna," Talos answered her in confusion, clearly inept at the art of compliments. Casiama had rarely heard him speak naughty during sex, anyway, and it drove her on all the same. 

"Yeah, Talos, yeah... it's so tight for you, uhn!" Alanna moaned as they bucked against one another. Casiama opened her eyes, spying the sorceress's lewd gaze towards her before Alanna looked away. Perhaps she did know... 

The thought drove the elf on harder, now clenching her knees together as her fingers worked overtime on her own clit. 

"And I'm so wet for you too, aren't I..." Alanna sighed, then bit her lip playfully as she waited for Talos' reply. "So wet for your massive manhood, huh?" she repeated whorishly when he didn't answer immediately. 

His hand clenched Alanna's waist when he replied, the talk also getting to him too. "You're so wet, Alanna," he groaned in agreement. Alanna slammed down on his cock, taking him to the hilt for a second before rising once more. 

"Cum in me! I'll hold it inside all day!" 

Casiama brought a deft hand to her mouth to suppress the moan she knew she'd make, and her hips bucked against her other hand as she brought herself to a quick orgasm. Talos felt the same peak, clearly, as he soon groaned Alanna's name as he began to fill her with seed. 

Alanna slammed down onto him, wiggling delightedly as she, too, rubbed herself to a climax. She fell atop him, tits squishing against his chest heavily as she did, panting for air. 

Talos' first action was to peck Alanna on the lips. His second was to look towards Casiama, grinning when he saw her reddened cheeks and flustered breaths. He certainly knew her secret. Perhaps he'd told Alanna on their excursion. Talos glanced back towards Alanna, who still had his cock completely enveloped inside her dripping womanhood. 

"Good gods Alanna, what was that all about?" he smirked. Alanna giggled, nodding towards the elf. 

"Well, you know, Ca-" 

"Oh Talos! Top of the morning!" an unexpected shout exclaimed from street-level, out front. Quick glances were exchanged between all three in the room. 

"It's Emmanuel," Alanna confirmed the worries of all present. 

"What's he doing here at this hour?" Talos snarled, glancing towards the window and only spying a small sliver of morning sunlight. Casiama shot up from the bed, and Alanna soon followed suit to find her panties. 

Casiama cleared her throat. "He, uh, came by saying he needed your help with something. A couple of days ago, I didn't get the chance to ask him what about." 

Talos rolled his eyes. "Maybe if we just stay real quiet..." 

"Talooos! I know you're there! I see your horses!" 

"Fuck," Talos groaned, bringing his knees up and swinging off the bed with their momentum. He quickly found a pair of pants, throwing them on. "I'll deal with him," he offered reticently for his two loves, then ambled out of the room. 

Casiama glanced at Alanna nervously as soon as Talos had left, and almost summoned her clothing before deciding against it, figuring it would be rude to do so before Alanna did. Alanna stepped towards her, placing a hand on the elf's breast. 

"Hey Cass?" Alanna asked. "Do you mind recalling your meeting with Emmanuel? Just so I'm up to speed?" 

"Up to huh?" Casiama asked anxiously, furrowing her brow. 

"So I know what happened," Alanna giggled cutely, translating the idiom for the elf. 

"Oh, sure," the elf shrugged, shutting her eyes to relive the event. She knew Alanna could ingest her memories quicker than she could conjure them, and somehow learn the details better than she could herself, so Casiama didn't spend much time remembering any one thing. 

Alanna had stepped through her meeting with the bard in a minute, giggling when she finished. 

"Hehe. Emmanuel wrote a song of me?" she asked with a blush. Casiama nodded. 

"Yes, but, it was not very good. Sorry I don't remember the words," the elf explained. Alanna nodded, then pinched Casiama's nipple playfully before retreating her hand from her tits. Casiama blushed from the contact, glancing away. 

"It's lewd, I figured that much," Alanna shrugged before clasping her hands at her side, then swayed innocently. "Soo... are you satisfied?" the enchantress asked. "From the...?" 

"Oh, Alanna, I am still so very..." Casiama trailed off, blushing wildly as her eyes met the sorceress's once again. Alanna smirked, clearly reading her excessive lust, and placed a soft hand on the elf's tummy. 

"I can tell, Cass. Lemme help you with that," she offered sultrily, pushing her playfully atop the bed so Casiama sat at the edge. Alanna knelt beside her, running her fingernails sensually up the elf's leg until they reached her thigh. "Show me how wet you are," the enchantress whispered. 'Show me' echoed twice in Casiama's head, and knew Alanna was enchanting her to do as she said. Ohh... 

Casiama had let it slip two weeks ago, after one too many glasses of wine, that the thought of being mentally dominated by the sorceress turned her on. To be forced to perform lewd actions for her and Talos, and to have absolutely no say in the matter. The problem with this was that Alanna's charms were typically undetectable; the elf now realized that Alanna had redressed that issue, as she was now completely aware of her enchantment. 

Casiama hastily brought a hand to her panties, banishing them from the world in a gentle hum of light. She spread her legs at the enchantress's command, and slipped her hand between them to part her folds for Alanna's gaze. Casiama whimpered, and her cheeks flushed with embarassment. 

"Well you certainly weren't lying to me, Casiama," Alanna cooed at the sight, bringing a hand to the naked elf's shoulder to push her back onto the mattress. She forced the elf to gaze at her as she bit her lip deviantly, then spoke after a moment. 
