 This work of fiction involves huge growth as a woman overdoses on a transformational pill and becomes an altersex demoness with a huge cock. So if you are bothered by a woman growing a penis, by huge anatomy, or drug use I would hit back.

*****

"You're on in five, 'liv! You okay?"

Sara Miller, aka Skarla, offered a hand and Olivia Martinez, aka Peri Pepper, looked up at her best friend at TF House. Even after a shower, the athletically built brunette was still panting and flush from the orgasm she had shared with the thick British blonde.

It had happened on one of the Houses "hidden" cameras, the living room to be precise, as Sara's on-camera shift ended. Her tongue had been transformed by her session, the pink muscle swelling to considerable length and thickness. Olivia could not resist sharing a kiss and , like usual, it escalated from there. However, there was something odd. Even now, hours after she would have taken her pills, the organ lolled out of her mouth against her jaw.

"Yeah, I'll be fine. You just really got me going." Olivia's accent was lilting, almost musical, a fusion of her Latin heritage and New York upbringing. Though she took great pains to not talk quickly.

"It's tha pills, I'm sure." Sara's accent was a cleaned up Cockney that she really played up on stream, though her transformation was making her drop letters even more than usual. "Tha stre'm 'ad me ta'e somefin' new t'day."

"I'm sure I've got something unknown waiting for me as well. That's the best part of the job though, never knowing what's gonna happen on camera."

With that, she slipped into her room and she sat down in her high backed computer chair. Her body was still throbbing, the nerves between her legs firing like crazy. As such, the soft velveteen cover of her command-style seat sent a shudder up her spine as she shifted her half-naked lower half to get comfortable.

Turning on her custom built rig, she waited for her streaming dashboard to come up. She primped in the preview on the second monitor once her camera switched on. It was hard to believe she had been a transformation Cam Girl for a year now. Becoming a member of TF House had dramatically changed her body. When she had arrived, she was a scrawny, tattooed, Instagram model who thought being size negative one was the epitome of being sexy. Now though, after having been transformed into so many body types, she had settled on being trim and fit as if she spent hours at the gym each week. Aside from her thick ass, which rose from her back like a shelf, she had the body of an Olympic swimmer.

"Hi again, love! I'm Peri Pepper and this is Transformation Pill Roulette. For those new to the stream, what that means is I, and others on the TF House network, take physiologically altering chemical concoctions and film the outcomes for you, the viewer. Which pill I take is up to each of you. How many I take is based on the number of people watching. Many pills have known effects, but we are constantly getting sent new sexual elixirs for your viewing pleasure, Master."

She winked at the camera as she puffed at an errant cascade of half-dry black ringlets. She absently adjusted her sports bra and the jersey material rubbing against her nipple dragged a long, moaning sigh out of her chest. Had Sara's saliva become some sort of aphrodisiac during her last on-camera session? If that was the case, it was sure to make the rest of the day interesting. Already being switched on meant everything was going to have maximum impact on her body.

"For those of you subbed to the House TF channel, you just got to watch me riding Housemate Skarla's face before she ate out both my holes at once, showing just how dexterous her newly enhanced tongue had become after taking two #92 pills." Just thinking about it had Olivia low key moaning again.

She propped one hand up on her desk and leaned into it then bit her pinky. Her other hand began to trace circles on her thigh under the desk, drawing them closer to her pelvis with each orbit. "You know, it's probably fortunate she only had to take two. I can't imagine what would have happened if she took more. While we had been told what it did generally, none of us expected the pill to have quite the...extreme level of effect that it did. She was still huge when I got out of the shower to come see you, but I'm sure her tongue will eventually return to normal. We haven't had a permanent transformation in months."

She glanced to the left and right before leaning in to whisper conspiratorially. "Though, just between me and you, I really do hope it stays like that. A foot long appendage is a foot long appendage, you know what I mean?"

Olivia sat back as someone knocked. "I will be right back, master, and then we'll get started. So keep voting for what pill you want me to take."

She set her stream to show her last session, one where she had shrunk to barely three feet tall, and stepped over to open the door. Sara was framed in the doorway. She was dressed now, in a fresh black lace bra that matched her panties. The blonde was also more flush and panting even more heavily than before. Her tongue still hung over her bottom lip, thought it had changed. Even longer than before, the oddly forked tip brushed her chin. It was also now a vibrant green color instead of the expected pink and the surface had a liquid-like sheen.

"What's up, hun?" Olivia asked once out of microphone range.

"Turns ou' #92 is actually perm'nent so we're takin' it off tha list." Despite the further alterations, Sara's posh accent was back to normal. It was a mystery how her organ's new found bulk did not have an impact on her speech. However, as she continued to talk about all the minute, permanent changes she was expected to undergo, her split tongue seemed to contract and shrink when in use and then immediately expand back to its new shape.

The changes were numerous, but the most exciting was that, yes, Sara's saliva had become a mild aphrodisiac, one that would inevitably grow stronger as her body accepted the changes. It seemed the most drastic change was still on going, happening even as she spoke. The fork in her tongue was slowly deepening, making it seem like she had two tongues instead. 

"Well, shall we see what the master have chosen for me to take?"

Sara made a face at being interrupted, but pulled up the dashboard on her phone all the same. "Tha curren' pill in tha lead is num'er nine-four. Which 'as been described as 'aving an "Omnibus" effec'."

"Maybe it's an overall growth thing?"

"No idea, those are all tha notes tha' were attached when we got 'em."

"Okay, so how many am I taking?"

"Five. Your upcomin' show 'as nearly five thousan' subs tunin' in."

Olivia flinched, five was going to be an insane level of transformation and there was no telling what the outcome would be. On top of that, five thousand plus people were going to watch all of it. How she had gotten so popular was a mystery. Perhaps it was that she always managed to end up with pills that caused expansion to her tits and the number kept rising for even greater growth.

"Okay, five it is. I've taken more, albeit of a known pill, but still, should be able to handle it. How is pill #94 administered?"

"It says they're supposi'ories, either for tha anus or vagina."

Both women looked up and blinked. Another of the residents, a very femme young man who called himself Alawyen, arrived just then with the bottle. The green plastic cylinder was about the size of a coke can. Popping it open revealed at least three dozen capsule style pills that were each about two inches long and about as wide as a finger. They were black and white two-toned with no other markings beyond a five-pointed star.

"Oh wow, this is going to be, um, intense," Olivia said as she picked one out of the tube. It was oddly warm in her fingers. All at once, she was overcome with the compulsion to take the pill. Before it even registered what she was doing, the capsule slipped between her cheeks and into her body.

"Olivia!" Sara looked at her aghast. "Do you realize wha' you've done?"

"Made sure I could even take these?"

"Well yeah, I guess tha's fair, but you still 'ave to take five on camera."

"Ah, fuck." Already she could feel heat radiating out from her ass. With each heartbeat, there were faint twinges in her nipples, lips, and clit. It was very apparent that what ever effect the pills had, sensitivity was definitely on the list.

In a hurry, she snatched the whole bottle with at least a dozen of the pills and grabbed some toys before heading back to her room. She pushed the door closed once more dropped into her chair.

"Well then, you deviant, I'll ultimately be taking five of #94. Which is administered a little differently from a swallow. What this means is not only are you going to get to watch me change and play with my new body, you're going to get to watch me stuff both my ass and pussy to get there."

Anticipatory exclamations filled the chat. Lots of [Can't Wait!]s and other such sentiments scrolled past, encouraging her to just go into things instead of warming up and teasing the crowd. She winked at the camera and then eagerly stripped off her panties and grabbed the butt plug she had picked up.

At the apex, the almond-shaped mass of red rubber was just a little winder than her fingers could grasp. It was far larger than anything she had used before, but the weight felt right in her hand. Sizing up the toy, she evaluated the general flow of her show.

Since she had already taken one pill with her ass, she would put two more in and then plug up before slipping the others between her folds. She would then ride out the transformation, letting her body take control as it did what it needed to be satisfied. Just like riding a bike.

Gripping the chair with one hand and spreading her legs apart, she made sure her backdoor was in the frame. Positive her master could see, she shoved one of the remaining two capsules into her butt. Like the first, it slid in with out much fuss, though she did have to push a bit to move the other, already deteriorating, pill further inside of her body.

By now her whole body had somehow a live wire and she was moaning like she was getting pounded as she pushed two fingers into her anus to make room for the third pill. The weight of her body on her feet felt like she was mashing her clit with the heel of her hand. The breeze from the A/C playing over her skin, as sweat began to bead from both exertion and arousal, was more intense than the time she slept naked on silk sheets. Her nipples were so hard they were twitching with her accelerating heart rate. Glit was rolling down her thighs, her throbbing pussy begged to also be filled.

Her hands were shaking as she tried to get the third pill inside. She finally had to sit on it, resulting in an audible squelch. Raising off her chair again, she positioned the plug and lowered her body once more. The size was even more impressive against her cheeks. The tapered point flared quickly, widening until her anus was struggling to spread any further.

The chat was going wild. Chanting, [Go! Go! Go!] as she tried to force herself over the apex of the curve.

"I think...I think #94 might include some sort of bimbo or nymphomaniac personality modifier. I've never been so horny before, Master. My body is burning up, begging to be filled."

With eyes clenched shut and knuckles squeezed white on the arm's of the chair, she tried to leverage herself the rest of the way down. In that moment, there was not thoughts in her head, nor feelings in her body. There were only two sensations and she was stuck between them. The resistance to the extreme insertion and the surprising drive to conquer the toy were consuming fought in both her body and mind. Neither feeling would give an inch. The tension built and built until there was a loud snap.

Accompanied by several more staccato pops, her pelvis inexplicably widened until the flesh of her hips was squeezed against the arms of her chair. After the fifth and final crack, the plug slipped in easily. The feeling of the wide base against her gave an oddly intense sense of satisfaction that burned away the pounding fog of need.

"Whoa, I can...I can think again. Damn, that was a trip. I can't even begin to describe to you what that felt like, Master."

Now that she was filled, her mind was clearing even if her body remained in sexual overdrive. If anything, the returning awareness was a curse. She could already feel the pleasure swelling up around her thoughts, tendrils of desire entwining into everything.

There was one thing she did know though, she was looking forward to feeling the other two pills begin to take effect. If just one had been this intense, after six, having sex later was going to send her sky high from just the slightest sensation. Already her body was bucking slightly, grinding against the plug.

The chat did not miss this fact as line after line of text poured in. A glance at her numbers showed nearly seven thousand people watching her.

"En-enjoying yourself, you deviant? Do you loving seeing me like this? Hungry for sex, panting to be bred like some bitch in heat? Well, let's go the rest of the way, shall we?"

Olivia reached for the bottle to grab the last three pills when the omnipresent fire in her body flared between her legs. With pulses that grew longer each cycle, her clit swelled. Two inches. Then four. Now six. In ten seconds, it was already bigger than most guys and it did not seem like the growth was going to stop any time soon as the throbbing intensified. Each pulse made her stiff rod swing wildly, the mass of nerve endings alternating between crashing into her stomach and her chair.

"I-I-I-I have a cock? What the hell are these pills you made me take, Master?"

Unabated by her agitation, her girl cock began to widen as it continued to extend, thickening from pinky to thumb to two fingers' width by time it was bumping into her tummy just below her navel. All the while, the tip of her extended clit became more and more penis shaped. A ridge rose several inches from the end, forming a small mushroom cap.

The throbs were affecting her hood now, too. The soft skin was spreading up her shaft, accompanied by the almost tickling sensation of arteries growing into place, weaving into a webbed network of blood flow. With a final throb, a slit opened at the end of her foreskin shrouded clit-dick and her body was wracked with an orgasm that made her clench around the plug and pull the remainder of the capsules further inside her.

"What is...what is happening to my body, Master? I've been tiny and a giantess. Fat and built like a truck, but this! This is something completely new. It's blowing my mind!"

Before she had even finished playing up her arousal, her boobs were surging in size. Her soft flesh pushed against the mesh and elastic of her sports bra as suddenly her b-cups became d-cups. Fumbling with fingers numbed by the continuous assault of pleasure, she unhooked the bra in the front. Unleashed, her tits continued to expand, doubling in size every second as they spread over her ribs towards her waist. As her boobs grew so did her areolae, the dark skin rising to a puffy plateau as it spread over most of each curve.

"Holy shit! Holy shit! This is amazing. I need more!"

Caution thrown to the wind, Olivia dumped quite a few more than three pills into her hand. Spreading her pussy wide open, she slammed the handful of pills against her mound. Playing with herself was a bit awkward with her still hard clit-dick rising above her labia, but she did her best to stroke circles around her mons until nearly all of the pills were inside her.

Casting about for a tool to assist in pushing the capsules in further, she grabbed a dildo with big balls that was about as long as her forearm. Her thumb covered her fingertips, giving her a good grip as she plunged it balls deep into her glit-slick pussy. The rubber rammed against her cervix, pushing a number of pills into her inner chamber. Once more her body clenched as she fell into all consuming sensation.

Even so, with each orgasm the overwhelming feelings from every inch of her body were becoming more bearable. She could feel an awareness building in relation to her hair-trigger nervous system, as if she was developing some extrasensory awareness. With this tolerance, Olivia was starting to feel when the heat of her body melted through the coating and the pills contents spilled out into her body. None remained in her anus, but there were plenty still to come in her pussy.

At that exact moment, two popped in her pussy, surging her dick and tits larger as pressure built around her temples.

Overwhelmed by feeling once more, she could only lie back in the chair and moan as the waves of pleasure broke over her. The second monitor, with her dashboard and stream preview, showed her changes to her. Her skin was darkening, the olive deepening to a bronze that burned with an inner fire. Her tits had settled on her resting arms, their curve now past her navel. Olivia was not sure if she could hug them or if her hands would not reach.

She was basking in the feeling of her new body, sweat pouring off her as her skin seemed to steam, when there was a sharp pain in her eyes that made her clench them closed. When she opened them next, golden irises peered out of inky blackness back at her from the monitor. Her pupils twitched and shifted before her eyes, the black circles becoming five-pointed stars. With that change, it was as if a another new sense awakened in her. All around, a fuchsia mist hung in the air. It was thickest around her, though there were substantial drifts from the direction of her door.

"I think, I think I can see lust, Master. These eyes can see desire. What...what am I becoming? What are these pills?"

There was a strange slithering feeling in her pussy, as if her body was consuming the dildo. She tired to remove the toy, but it vanished, balls and all, between her swollen lips. A moment later, there were a cascade of sensations within her body.

"Oh no, what's going to happen now? Fwah! Feels so good!"

First was her dick. Her tightly drawn foreskin grew over her glans and kept growing until nearly an inch of skin hung off her erection. Then, against the front of her pelvis, there was an inflating sensation as her g-spot grew and grew until it was pushing against the back of her canal. Then, with a similar inflating feeling, another mound grew against it, spreading outwards in both her pussy and anus at the same time. With every ragged breath, they rubbed against each other shooting pleasure through her whole body.

"Master! Master...something is growing. Inside me something is growing. I think, I think I've grown a man's prostate. I-OH! There are more growing, clusters of them. I can feel the cum churning in them. I want to cum with this cock. I want to cum!"

More pills popped within and her cock, which had passed the dildo in size already, grew even larger to smack into the desk. The faint outlines of the arteries grew more pronounced, the network twisting and coiling as they swelled larger. Bolstered by even more blood flow, the mass swung up to lodge in the bottom her cleavage above her navel, giving her a view of the under side. A ridge had grown against her foreskin, pushing the vessels to even greater prominence. Beyond that, she noticed a mass of skin building. With another slithering feeling, two small weights brushed her thighs as the internal plumbing for her increasingly masculine clit-dick completed.

"Oh, Master. I'm sure I can cum for you now. I'm sure I can soak you in girl semen from my big fat cock!"

She fished her dick out of the sea of boob and wrapped one hand around her shaft. She could feel pre-cum flowing up her shaft, but her excessive foreskin was trapping it. Struck with an idea, she wrapped her hands around the mass and worked the loose skin around the head of her shaft. The chamber of soft skin held more and more of her fluids, swelling like a balloon until a spurt emerged to land on the desk.
