 Every year during the summer months, I fly up into the Yukon to go camping for 3 weeks. I am an experienced outdoorsman, and enjoy the quiet solitude of my yearly camping trips, where I can meditate, relax, forget the busy world, and find my center. Two summers ago, during my trip, I found something more than just my center.

During my second week, I decided to hike into an area that I've never been to before. Most of the areas I liked to explore had probably never been seen by people. I kept good records, using GPS and topographical maps on my laptop, so I could track my exploration. Thank goodness for Solar power! I moved up a small creek, trying to find a camp site area to work from, when I stumbled across a crater. It looked somewhat new, and there was some burning around the crater from the fire on entry to the atmosphere. I took some pictures, surveyed the area for the meteorite, took a soil sample at the impact zone, then moved my way north up the creek again.

It was almost dusk when I stumbled across the cave. I didn't like the idea of entering a cave at dusk, thinking I might find a bear or something inside, but I was running out of daylight to find a place to stay. I got out my flashlight, and went into the cave, looking for any type of occupants. Luckily, there were none. I took off my backpack, and started a fire at the mouth of the cave, then started setting up my camp site for the week. I had a 90% charge on one laptop batter, and 100% on the second, so I didn't worry about setting up the solar panels. Most of what I carry in my packs are food items, water filters, and first aid supplies, so there isn't a lot to setup. Once the sun started to go below the horizon, I made up some dinner, got my sleeping area comfy, and put on an adult DVD to enjoy. I did wish I had someone there with me to enjoy it with, but that wasn't possible.

I drifted off to sleep during the movie, and started dreaming of being on a large bed, like I was I a harem. I felt like I was being touched, massaged, and probed in all the right ways, and I was enjoying the sensations in the dream. Something startled me out of my dream, and I woke with a start. I stayed completely still until I had my bearings, and then I realized, I wasn't alone in the cave any more. I sensed a presence, something that I couldn't see, but could feel in the air. I decided I should get up, and stoke the fire so I could see, when I realized, I couldn't move. My mind began to panic, but my body seemed heavy, almost like I was drugged, and my eyes darted around in the dark, trying to figure out what was going on.

Usually when I am camping, I sleep naked. Although I couldn't move, I could feel, and I started feeling things moving around in my sleeping bag. My first thought was that I had a snake in my sleeping bag, because that's what it felt like, but then I noticed that there were several snake like objects moving around in my bag. I felt two of the snake like objects wrap themselves around my ankles, and could feel my legs being spread apart. I looked past the end of my bag, and could see in the dim light left from the fire, a large thing. I could see that it had several tentacles, and noticed that some of them were in the end of my sleeping bag, so I figured out what was pulling my legs apart. I tried to move, but could do nothing. I realized at that point, I was totally helpless, and was at the mercy of this thing. I could tell that my legs were spread as much as possible in the sleeping bag, and I felt another tentacle moving up my leg. I then felt it stop at my groin area, and felt it start probing around my genitals. Then there was a little tickling on my balls, and then a massaging feeling. Even in my panicked state, it was an arousing sensation, and I knew I was getting a hard on. Then I felt another tentacle moving up my legs, and it also stopped at my genitals. Then I felt it massaging and moving all around my cock, and it felt so good, that I moaned lightly. Then I felt something moving over and covering my cock. I felt it sliding all around the shaft, moving all the way down, and even covering up my balls. Then I felt a sucking and massaging sensation and the feeling was so intense, that I thought I was going to pass out. Then I started to feel my orgasm building, very slowly. I tried to arch my back, but my hands were also wrapped up by tentacles, so I couldn't move them at all. I moaned louder, my cock feeling like it was going to explode, when the sucking sensation stopped, and I felt the orgasm dwindle to nothing.

I was breathing heavy, heart pounding, when I felt another tentacle moving up my leg. This one also stopped at my groin area, but then moved lower, and started probing around my ass. I couldn't do anything but lay there bound up as I felt the tentacle begin to push its' way between the cheeks of my ass, and knew it was looking to go deeper. I tried to clench up to keep it out, but it was a loosing battle. Eventually, it found my hole, and I felt it swell up, parting my cheeks, and then slowly pushing its way in. I mumbled the word 'nooooo', and felt the tentacle push past the ring, and make it's way inside. Deeper, and deeper it went, then finally stopped. My cock pulsed as I felt the tentacle swell up inside me, growing more girth slowly, and then it started pushing in and out, like it was fucking me. The sensation was incredible, and I moaned loudly. As I had never had any type of anal penetration done to me, I was not prepared for the extreme pleasure that hit me when it rubbed across my prostate. I was lost to the sensations, moaning and squirming as I was being fucked in the ass by this large alien lifeform. 

I felt more tentacles all over my body, massaging me, caressing me, all giving me little bursts of pleasure around my body. I felt something against my face, and I opened my eyes, and there in front of my face was what looked like a cock, that seemed to be pulsing and throbbing in front of me. The head of this cock came closer to my face, then pushed up against my lips. I kept my mouth shut, my lips tight, to keep it out, but it kept bumping up against my lips trying to get in. I continued to resist it, but then the member in my ass must have vibrated or something, because a long low moan escaped my lips, and the cock tentacle pushed its way into my mouth. There wasn't any real taste to it, but slowly it pushed back towards my throat. Once it hit the back, it stopped, then started sliding in and out of my mouth. I tried to struggle, to get my freedom, but I was too wrapped up by the tentacles to get away. Then, the sucking sensation on my cock started again, and I felt the immediate building of my orgasm. I moaned around the cock like object, and the cock like object in my ass began to swell again. I could not help but watch this cock like object that was going in and out of my mouth, and feel the total pleasure of the sucking on my cock and balls. As I watched, I noticed a large buldge moving its way slowly up the tentacle towards my face. I looked down as best as I could, and could see a similar bulge moving slowly through the tentacle that I knew had to be deep in my ass. I didn't know what it meant, but I had the idea, that I wasn't the only one working towards an orgasm.

The alien kept working me, moving in and out of my ass and mouth at the same time, all the while sucking my cock in a milking sensation. I felt my orgasm building, felt my balls getting tighter, and knew that my load was going to be huge. But I knew it wouldn't be near as large as the loads moving through the tentacles. I saw the bulge stop right behind the cock like object in my mouth, and felt the bulge down load stop just outside my ass, and knew that there wasn't anything I could do to stop it. Then my orgasm reached its peak, and I could not help from moaning louder than I ever have before. I felt the cum coursing though my cock, squirting out, and being sucked out of me by the sucker around my cock. I was so loud that I would have been screaming had there not been this cock like object in my mouth. As my body jerked a second time as the second squirt shot out of me, the cock in my mouth pushed forward, and I felt the large head of it go into my throat. At the same time, the tentacle in my ass did the same and pushed in deeper, and then I felt the thing pulse, and felt a wave of fluid coursing through it, through the cock like object, and down my throat. The fluid was hot, and went through the tentacle in waves, one after the other, and I felt my stomach filling as it went into me. My ass was burning as well, feeling the large amounts of liquid shooting up into me, then flowing back out of me around the tentacle that was fucking me. 

After what seemed like 5 minutes of being filled up in both ends, the tentacles shrunk down, and slowly removed themselves from me. My cock was limp, and I knew that every drop of semen and sperm had been removed from my body. I felt like I had been engorged with fluid from this alien, and could still feel it slowly flowing out of my ass. It let me lay there, while it slowly and gently removed it's tentacles from my body. I laid there, unmoving, breathing heavily, and trying to process the many thoughts I had running through my head. Eventually, I either passed out, or fell asleep, I wasn't sure which one.

When I awoke, it was light out side, and I was able to freely move with no problem. I got up, and looked around my cave, looking for a clue that I had been visited, and that the dream I thought I had was or wasn't real. There were no tracks, no signs of anyone or anything having been in the cave except for me. I was strangely invigorated, felt like I could walk 50 miles without even breaking a sweat. I made myself some breakfast, then noticed that my laptop was on. Looking at the screen, I noticed that there was a document open, so I sat down to read it. It was a short note:

My Greetings. Last night I attempted to communicate to you in your mind. When I did, I saw the images of sexual natures, and decided to see first hand how your species reproduces. I also wished to show you the same. Thank you for the pleasure, and I hope that you will have enjoyed the same.

I then realized, there was no dream, and that the most intensely pleasurable moment in my life, was at the hands...err...Tentacles..of an alien.