 Well, here is the second chapter in the series, hope it meets up to your expectations.

*****

Colin and Alecia proceeded to make small talk and though she never outright accused him of mentally peeping at her thoughts, more than a few of the things she said seemed like little innuendoes regarding the daydreams Colin had witnessed.

It would likely be unnerving enough for someone to know said daydreams amounted to borderline rape fantasies involving the two of them- who knows what that someone would think should they learn in all of those fantasies SHE was the aggressor!

Eventually Colin made a feeble excuse of going to get another beer. He stood up and headed to the bar. As he ordered his drink Gavin stepped up to ask, "Well, have we learned anything?"

"Well," Colin started, "Her real name is Alecia Merriam, she is aspiring for a post in the space program, and..."

"And?"

Colin sent the rest to Gavin telepathically, 'She knows I've been snooping around in her brainbox, I'm sure of it!'

Gavin glanced toward Alecia's direction; she showed no sign of the anger he would expect from her knowing what Colin did, "She doesn't look too upset about it," he whispered, "You sure you're not just being paranoid?"

When Colin looked back Alecia gave him a smile that could have been completely innocent; but just easily could have not been, "I'm sure." 

Downing half his drink in one gulp, Colin walked back to her and said, "Look, I got a lot of work to do in the morning, so I'm gonna call it an early night."

"Oh," Alecia looked disappointed, "Well, it was good talking to you. Maybe we could do this again?"

"Maybe, we'll see."

In truth Colin had fallen behind on a term paper, but that night he had trouble concentrating on his typing. Most of it was what Gavin had said- assuming Alecia was aware of his actions she had been acting rather calm about it; were their positions reversed he probably would have been furious, or at the very least embarrassed. And the things he daydreamed about were g-rated compared to what he saw in her head.

Still the talk with her had freaked him out almost as much as what he'd seen in his telepathic intrusions. Colin decided then and there that making more contact with Alecia, whether in person or in a 'meeting of the minds' was asking for trouble. Better to quit her cold turkey.

When he had finally finished as much work as he was going to that night, Colin tried to get some sleep. The last thoughts on his mind when he eventually nodded were of the other girl he saw in the last of Aleica's daydreams he peeped on. Who was she? Who was she to Alecia?

'Maybe it's better I don't know,' he thought as he closed his eyes.

Colin dreamt he stalked toward a castle under cover of a moonless night. He wore armour made of hardened leather, a short sword in one hand, a grappling hook in the other. Stopping half a foot away from the castle walls he hurled the grappling hook toward an open window; when it caught he pulled himself upward, scaling the stone barrier like Adam West in a batsuit.

Heaving himself over the widow sill and dropping to the floor soundlessly he froze straining his ears for the sounds of any guards or servants who might be close by. After long moments of hearing nothing he carefully stalked forward, eyes darting in all directions until he saw what he was looking for.

Had Colin been awake and somewhat objective he probably would have questioned how a medieval castle could have a functioning electronic elevator, but in the surreal world of dreams it seemed to make perfect sense.

The anachronistic elevator doors slid open as it reached the dungeon level; Colin sprang between them and brought his blade down on two animate skeletons flanking an oaken cell door. The undead guards disposed of, he gripped the steel ring bolted to the door with both hands and heaved it aside; the light of torches on the walls showing a fair maiden who was a dead ringer for the mystery girl Colin had been contemplating when he drifted off to slumber.

The girl had been mute in Alecia's daydream but she spoke here, "How did you get past the sorceress?"

"If we move quickly and quietly she need never know I came," Colin said as he used his dagger to break a link in the chain at the girl's ankle, "But we have to move now." 

As they turned toward the doorway a figure materialized on the other side of it. A dark-haired woman whose skin shone as pale as moonlight and whose face as identical to that of Alecia Merriam. In melodramatic fashion she thrust her arms in the air unfurling a bat-like cloak- which evidently left little material of the front of her costume as that showed damn near everything.

"Did you think it would be so easy?" the 'sorceress' challenged, her voice sounding as if it came from the villainess of a Hammer Studios movie. 

Colin moved to shield the maiden with his body, his sword raised to strike, he yelled, "Back, she-devil! Retreat from the blade of justice!"

A wakeful Colin would probably have also wondered who the hell came up with such hokey dialogue.

The sorceress let out an over the top laugh before throwing what looked like a pebble on the floor; it exploded giving off a blinding flash, a cloud of smoke-

An instant later Colin found himself on his back naked, tied to an altar. No, scratch that- his hands and feet had somehow merged with the altar itself! Looking everywhere in confusion he saw the anonymous maiden in the distance, trapped in a cage suspended from a chain stretching to a ceiling too high up to see. As frightening as the scene was, he saw himself somehow fully erect in the chill air.

Before he knew it the sorceress appeared at his side. This time she was nude- not that it made much difference, considering how revealing her costume was before. She smirked at the re-imprisoned maiden before opening her mouth; out of which extended an impossibly long and slender tongue that wrapped itself around Colin's prick and started to pump him like an expert set of fingers. His body arched as he was about to erupt-

A split-second before he would've ejaculated Colin bolted awake from what had turned into the weirdest wet dream yet. As he wiped the perspiration from his forehead he tried to hold on to the details but, like most dreams he had, they faded soon after his return to consciousness.

Near the week's end Colin and Gavin drank at the Steam Tunnels. Colin saw the obnoxious Clive Tanner strut past then freeze at seeing Alecia and a couple of her friends at a table. Alecia gave Clive a sweet smile, he backed away then turned to leave the bar altogether, with a look of sheer terror on his face.

When the doors swung shut Colin turned to Gavin, "Dare I ask?"

Gavin shrugged, "Seems he didn't take it too well when she bailed on him to talk to you. Kept bugging her a few times 'til she invited him up to her dorm. Whatever happened next, looks like it freaked him out real bad."

"Whatever? You don't know?"

"You're the one with ESP, Colin," Gavin said those last words much more quietly, "If you really have to find out, maybe-"

"No." Colin wasn't sure if Gavin meant reading Alecia or Clive but it didn't matter, "It was a mistake I have made for the last time."

Colin got up to take a leak. Returning from the washroom, he heard Alecia call out his name. He remembered telling himself cold turkey, but he couldn't just bolt now without being rude, or drawing suspicion. 

'I'll talk to her for as long as politeness dictates,' he thought to himself, then approached her table.

"Colin, this is Sarah," Alecia indicated the woman sitting to her right, "And Jada," gesturing to the one at her left, "Haven't heard from you in a few days."

Colin shrugged, "Yeah well, workload and all."

Alecia nudged an empty chair further out with her foot, "Aren't you going to sit down? I don't bite."

Remembering a couple of the fantasies he'd seen in her head in the past Colin unwittingly muttered, "Could've fooled me."

"What the hell's that supposed to mean?" Jada shot back, upon which Colin realized he'd actually said those words out loud.

Suddenly backing away in a manner not unlike Clive, Colin noticed Alecia say something under her breath; though an amateur lip-reader he was pretty sure it was something along the lines of, "I knew it."

Friday came, and Colin found himself, as usual, fighting to stay awake and take in what his Astrophysics professor was saying. He almost nodded off- but jolted awake when he suddenly felt a hand on his crotch! Looking down he saw that his fly was zipped up, his jeans buttoned shut but showing a bulge as if something else was under the cloth- and distinctly felt fingers wrapping around his organ, and trying (very successfully, one might add) to get him hard.

Alecia! She was a Psi-kay (psychokinetic- someone with the gift to move things with just conscious thought)! Part of Colin told him he had no proof what was happening in his pants was Alecia's doing, but who else would it be?

'Should I say something?' Colin pondered, 'Yell at her to stop?' But doing either of those would likely raise a lot of questions by everyone around him, and could even garner unwanted attention from potential psychic-phobes. And somehow he figured telepathically shouting at her to back off would just encourage her.

A glance showed him Alecia was looking straight ahead instead of in his direction, but Colin's own actions in the past few weeks proved that meant nothing where mentalists are concerned. 

'I'm not acknowledging it, I won't give her the satisfaction,' Colin resolved; at least until Alecia's magic fingers, having gotten him as stiff as he was going to get, started stroking him.

'Fuck!' Colin barely managed to keep from blurting the thought out loud; the girl sure knew how to wank a guy off, especially from close to eighty feet away.

For a moment he remembered the night before, how merely seeing Alecia spooked Clive the way it did. She must have used her powers on him once they got to her room. But Colin had a feeling whatever she did to Clive, it wasn't this.

At a loss for ideas, and making sure no one was looking his way (which wasn't really an issue as the other students around were too focused on their own work) Colin lowered his hand to press down on his pants, but encountered resistance, as if a flesh and blood extremity was actually beneath the fabric of his jeans.

The phantom fingers stroked him slow and steady at first, but after the longest few minutes of Colin's life to date they began to pick up speed, as if whoever's will they were an extension of was getting bored. He knew it wasn't going to be long before they made him erupt; when they finally brought him off he had to bite down on his arm to keep from giving out a yelp that would have been heard across the room.

No one so much as looked Colin's way then, though as the students left for other classes a few raised some eyebrows on seeing him leave while holding his binder over his crotch to hide the evidence of ejaculate.

That night at the Steam Tunnels Gavin noticed Colin wearing a different pair of pants than earlier, but Colin answered his question before he could ask it, "Alecia. Is she here?" Gavin directed him to a table where she sat with Sarah and Jada, and Colin homed in on it like a guided missile.

The three women looked his way and Colin had to restrain himself from raising his voice as he looked Alecia straight in the eye and said, "We need to talk." 

Her friends voiced their concerns, Jada even muttered something about Colin acting like Clive, but Alecia assured them she was in no danger and followed Colin to a corner in the bar where they were unlikely to be overheard over others, but in plain sight of any witnesses. 

Once they reached the corner Colin turned to meet Alecia's gaze and spoke, "Look, I'm not going to pretend to be innocent, but that stunt you pulled was way out of line!"

"Colin, I have no idea- ah fuck it, I know exactly what you're talking about."

"I thought you would."

"What can I say? I had to get your attention somehow," Alecia said matter of factly, "I was starting to miss your little visits."

"Starting to miss?" The times Colin had peered into Alecia's thoughts she'd acted like she didn't even notice he was there and it had been easy for him to assume that was the case, "You sensed me right from the start?"

"Not exactly," Alecia shrugged, "I could sense somebody was watching, it took your slip of the tongue yesterday to confirm it. Truth is, I suspected it was you because whoever it was only stayed much in the fantasies you played a part in."

"Only me- there are other leading men in those Russ Meyer movies being made in your head?" 

"There have been," Alecia shrugged, "Not for a while, really- you wouldn't be jealous if there were, would you?"

On reflex alone Colin was about to tell Alecia off for suggesting such a thing. Before he even breathed a word of denial however he stopped; as he came to the realization that he actually would have been jealous. Shaking his head, he muttered, "What we got here is something really fucked up."

"I know," Alecia nodded in agreement, though her smile made it obvious she didn't consider that necessarily a bad thing.

At this point the two began to feel the stares of Gavin as well as Sarah and Jada. Both decided to finish this repartee quick before either party watching got involved.

As Colin started toward Gavin Alecia chirped, "Don't be a stranger, now."

Colin turned his head to answer, "And the next time you want to get my attention, try a tap on the shoulder, I'll be less likely to need a change of pants if you do."