 In hindsight I shoulda finished chapter 3 with this, oh well. Sorry to have kept everyone waiting.

*****

The two waltzed through the illusion of an elegant ball; a tuxedo projected over Colin's street clothes and a tight, 'real' dress emphasising Alecia's slender form.

Hearing her innuendo, the events leading up to the two face to face at this moment flashed before Colin's eyes.

The many moments he watched her from afar, convinced she never noticed him, ignorant even of her real name.

The first time he peeped into her daydreams and saw what she imagined doing to him; it scared him shitless yet intrigued him too much to keep away for long.

Their first actual conversation; convinced she knew what he had done, out of fear his resolution to avoid her socially and psychically- until she got his attention back by masturbating him to orgasm in a crowded classroom by pure thought.

Suddenly the classical music underscoring the simulated ball shifted to something raunchier; jolting the two out of the moment. Both Colin and Alecia stopped and looked in the direction of the musicians. Between them and the players the other guests of the ball began tearing off their expensive gowns and suits in anticipation of the orgy about to occur.

"Oh, that's right," Alecia recalled, "This program is called Dr. Ooooh Yeah, but the guy who booked the session said rather than take part we could go somewhere else- this dancing was so nice I kind of got lost in the moment."

Colin looked back at the simulated fuckfest; coming to the conclusion that an orgy composed mostly of holograms seemed kind of hollow he looked back to Alecia and answered, "Somewhere else sounds good."

Alecia led Colin to one of the elevators of the 'hotel' where the gala/orgy was supposed to be taking place. The ballroom scrolled behind them, though they only moved a few feet the festivities looked farther away than the actual dimensions of the room in which the program was running.

Stepping into the elevator Colin found himself in front of the buttons, "Okay- what floor?"

Alecia looked sideways at him, "Why not the penthouse?"

"Oh right- I guess it's not like we have to worry about it being booked," Colin hit the button and the doors pinged shut. Though the counter displayed the rising floor number marking their alleged ascent, it occurred to Colin it didn't feel like the elevator car was going anywhere- a more subtle example of the limitations of Immersive technology.

The lift doors slid aside announcing a short corridor leading to the two wide, ornate doors of the penthouse suite. Colin and Alecia reached them and entered a room that claimed more space than all of the Steam Tunnels.

Colin walked in with awe. To his left lay an open bathroom with a tub sunken into the marble floor. To his right a low table supported a tray of oysters near an ice bucket from which a bottle of champagne protruded, two crystal glasses in front. The detail was impressive, even if the champagne and oysters would have proven just as tasteless as that glass of bubbly in the ballroom below.

Stopping right in front of the bed he pushed down on the mattress, at least that felt real. He heard something drop to the floor behind him; turning around Colin froze. About three feet before him Alecia stood naked, her dress crumpled into a circle around her feet.

Colin opened his mouth to speak but no sound presented itself.

"This works better if you take off your clothes too," Alecia quipped.

"Wha- oh, right," Colin finally said, though he stood still.

"If you'd rather I can undress you," Alecia joked, "I don't even have to use my hands."

"Uh, no- no need," Colin finally found the capacity for movement; upon pulling his shirt over his head the fancy holographic duds imposed over them faded away. He closed his eyes before dropping his pants.

For a moment Colin heard nothing, felt nothing. It seemed like time had stopped, then suddenly he felt slender fingers wrap around his blood-gorged prick and stroke a long gasp out of him.

"Nice," He heard Alecia say as her fingers worked his length, "Very nice."

"Really?" Colin opened his eyes, "You're not let down at all?"

Alecia looked up at him, "What makes you think I'd be let down?"

"It's just I recall you seemed to imagine me more... generously proportioned," Colin answered.

Alecia shook her head laughing, "Honestly, do we give all you guys body issues?" At this point she let go with her hand- then lifted his whole body about six feet up with her mind. After moving him above the bed she mentally let go, watching him land on the mattress. A few seconds after that Alecia willed herself up into the air, soon she was astride him.

"You know, doing things like that," Colin said nervously, "Makes me worried what else you're capable of."

"I'll be gentle," Alecia promised.

"Shouldn't I be the one to make that assurance?" Colin asked; Alecia give him a smirking look, "Right- dumb question," he said.

Alecia moved over Colin's body, stroking his chest, his balls. She circled his right nipple with her tongue; causing Colin to gasp and close his eyes. When he opened them Alecia's slit was a short distance from his face.

Colin leaned his head forward and tentatively started licking. This wasn't something he'd done often before; despite the little whimpers of encouragement he heard from Alecia his eyes rolled up to meet hers.

"Keep going," Alecia gasped when she saw him looking up, "You're doing just fine."

Colin probed a little deeper with his tongue until he finally mustered up the nerve to attack Alecia's bulging clitoris. He barely made contact when suddenly he felt his face splattered with the woman's ejaculate. Alecia screamed as she fell over on her side.

Alecia got up to her knees as Colin spat out what fluids had gotten inside his mouth, "Your turn," she said. Lifting Colin up in the air a second time, she turned him around so his organ was at level with her mouth.

"Like to see those guys in the Kama Sutra pull this position off," She giggled; when Colin looked down nervously she insisted, "I'm not going to drop you."

"That's not what I'm worried about," was Colin's sheepish response.

"Then what?" Alecia asked.

"That time you said you don't bite," Colin said, "You were telling the truth, weren't you?"

"Lousy time to ask, don't you think?" Alecia's tone was playful. She parted her lips but instead of leaning forward to take him in she willed Colin's body closer to her. Wrapping her lips around his prick, with her mind she made Colin's body piston back and forth, with playing with the head of his smaller 'head' with the tip of her tongue.

Before long, whereas Alecia caught him and herself by surprise, Colin felt his orgasm approaching. Having been brought up that a gentleman warns a girl when he's about to go off in her mouth he started to say, "I'm going to- ".

Alecia heard, instead of moving away she willed his body to thrust faster. Finally Colin yelled as he went off like a fire hose; Alecia reflexively opened her mouth and 'let go' of Colin, who dropped down on the mattress and fell on his back.

Colin gradually recovered his breath; raising his head to look at Alecia he smiled, "This may be the first surprise I've ever actually liked."

"You know," Alecia responded, "If you ever feel like a repeat visit there's a program here called Monstergirls of-"

"Let me get back to you on that." Colin interrupted.

The following night Colin saw Gavin at a table in the Steam Tunnels. Grabbing a beer he joined his friend. Gavin looked up at Colin and asked, "Okay who?"

In a rare dense moment Colin asked "Who what?"

"Don't play dumb," Gavin snickered, "I know the I-just-fucked expression when I see it. Whoever it is, for her sake I hope it doesn't get back to Alecia-" upon seeing Colin grin at the mention of her name Gavin's eyes widened, "Are you nuts? After the freaky fantasies you described?"

"And yet I came back in one piece," Colin stood back up and spread his arms, "Or do you want to check me for bruises and bite marks?"

"Not here man," Gavin shook his head, "Back at the dorm."

Colin smiled as he started to drink.