 Tim revisits old acquaintances

Tim took stock of his situation so far.

Here he was Tim Ogilvie, almost 19 years old. He was still technically a virgin! He had been given some weird abilities during an electrical storm some months ago. These abilities manifested themselves in his hands. One hand, his right, had the power to cause endless, full-on orgasms if he touched an erogenous zone, such as a nipple, neck or cock, or cunt. Any other area he touched merely caused an increasing sense of horniness.

The other hand, his left, had quite the opposite effect. It produced peace, calm and a general feeling of well-being; that all was ok with the world.

He learned through experimentation on himself, that he could control somewhat the 'power level' of these abilities. In effect, he could dial up or down, the power level of either effect.

During the experimentation on himself, he solved the problem of too much cum in his bedroom by undergoing self-felatio. This intake of his own cum on a nightly basis seemed to have a beneficial effect on his general physical well-being and academic prowess. It seemed if his own cum was in a sense a 'font of youth'.

It intrigued him how his body could produce so much of this jizz without any perceptible negatives. He didn't get tired, sore or worn-out by his endless cumming sessions. Popular internet search engines were absolutely no help! Neither was any library which he had time to visit and search. He was on his own.

Liz, a self-centred beauty, popular with anyone that she set out to 'conquer' was his first real non-masturbatory sex experience. This episode with her helped him prove that his abilities were able to be used on others. He also found a truism on the way. Sex was always just sex, pleasurable as it may be. With the wrong person, it is still just sex. 

And pleasurable it was with Liz!

His next foray into the realm of fucking, was Mary. She saw a spark of something different in Tim and was curious to exploit his obvious willingness to engage in some passionate activities. Unbeknownst to Tim, her friends, Anne and Lil, both lesbians, also 'came along for the ride'. Their object was to just have fun at his expense. This surfaced in Tim, a desire to turn the tables. He had an unfair advantage... His powers. It was time to control the controllers. He soon had all three girls climaxing uncontrollably, in a way which seemed natural to all three. No suspicions were aroused. The only arousal happening in 'Fucker's Forest' that night was of a sexual nature. His time with Mary and her friends was a much more positive experience and he wanted to see Mary, and maybe her friends, again.

The opportunity to cum again came again the very next weekend. This time Mary texted Tim, a new experience for him. Girls had never, ever chased him before! "Cn we c u this Sat nite? 8 my plc, olds out all nite." 

Tim replied, "Ok," and prepared to tell his parents about the visit and this time to expect him back very late as there was a lot of 'school stuff' to revise. After all, this was his final high school year and there really was heaps of revision to do and assignments to polish; tasks which he was already well on top of because of his new-found ability to concentrate, think and remember. Surprisingly, his parents didn't object and he thought he even saw a little gleam in his dad's eyes! Maybe they knew that the 'stuff' being revised wasn't actually offered in the school curriculum. Maybe it also had something to do with the fact that his parents had realised that there wasn't so much wanking going on either?? Or it could be that his 'calming' effect on his mum had been communicated to Dad!

Tim knocked on the door of Mary's house, and while waiting heard the dull base beat of some music coming from inside somewhere. A shadow appeared through the glass and the door opened. It was Mary. She was dressed to kill! Actually, she was undressed to kill. All she had on were a pair of white silk panties, a white tank top, and that was it! "No harm in being prepared!" he thought.

"Hey Tim. We've been waiting for you. You remember Anne and Lil? They're cool with you I hope. Anne and Lil also brought over some of their friends so that the party is not only about me and you." Tim's dick stood to attention. "Come over here and I will introduce you." At this, she led Tim to the lounge room where two girls waited, sipping a cocktail of some sort. They, also, were dressed to be sex-ready. Tim's cock not only stayed at attention, but clicked, locked, loaded and became ready to fire on command! These two girls weren't drop-dead gorgeous in the sexy plastic model way. They were just plain, natural looking, but simply oozing sex! Both brunettes, dark eyes, sans makeup, slightly drooping eyelids, pouty lips and tits that were about a c-cup. Their dark areolas showed through their own tank tops and their nipples left that oh so inviting outward bump in the flimsy tank top material. He nearly missed their names! "This is Antoinette and this is Charlene," Mary was saying. " Both girls are from Brazil. Anne and Lil met them at a club during the week. I hope you don't mind them being here. I said they could come if they wanted some fun," she added with that obvious double meaning.

"Of course not!" he managed to mumble. He continued on in and when he went to give them a gentlemanly kiss on the cheek, they both turned their heads at the exact right time and kissed him on the lips instead. He thought he tasted cinnamon, "This is weird," he thought. "Pleasure to meet you girls," he said aloud, more confidently. He was definitely going to have to use his hands wisely tonight. 

The girls from Brazil then turned to each other and ignoring the others, began a slow sensual grind against each other in perfect time to the music. Anne and Lil were already stationed on one of the couches, gently kissing each other, sipping from their drinks and fondling each other's breasts. Tim glanced at Mary and with a nod moved to a quieter part of the room and sat beside each other. "So, what gives here Mary?" asked Tim quietly. "Why the sudden interest in me and asking me to join an obvious all girl romp?"

Mary looked at his eyes and answered just as quietly. "I had a great time the other night Tim. So did Anne and Lil. Did You know that you are the first male that they have included into any of their, um, activities. I don't know what happened last time, but they initially just went to play with your nipples to tease you and see what you would do. They never imagined for a minute that they would be so into you. I think that they are really trying to make me exclusively into girls, but the opposite seems to be happening. They seem to be getting more interested in men. Well, one man in particular Tim. I think that is why they invited Antoinette and Charlene along. To re-affirm their sexual leanings."

"Sounds like I have been given a challenge," Tim replied, hopefully!

"I hope that includes me," purred Mary. She accented the 'me' by innocently lightly rubbing her fingers over the bump hat was her right nipple under her tanktop. The bump rose perceptibly higher and bigger. Tim stared unashamedly, mesmerised by the sight. His mouth literally watered at the delicious promise that that bump entailed. Mary continued, drawing small circles around the nipple bump, stroking her areola, making herself more and more aroused. The unmistakable musty odour filled the air and the warmth emanating from Mary drew Tim in closer for a light kiss across her lips. She moaned quietly and proceeded to use the other hand on her other nipple at the same time. Tim was so tempted to take over this nipple teasing, but he knew that he had to use his abilities carefully, both for his eventual pleasure and for Mary's as well. 

He used his right 'orgasm' hand to ever so gently stroke the closest hand that Mary was using to bring herself to that impossible state of horniness. As Tim did this, he consciously dialled down the power of this hand. This had the effect of adding to Mary's turned-on state without forcing her to orgasm immediately. 

Her nipples at this touch seemed impossibly to grow bigger and her fingers stopped their circular motions and started to stroke across the very very noticeable bumps. At each stroke, Mary moaned louder and started squirming on her ass around on the lounge. Tim was sure that he could see a very wet patch on her white panties, right where her cunt was. 

"Please play with my pussy!" Mary begged. "I'm on fire here. Please Timmy!" 

Tim was worried here. If he gave in to her request, she would start climaxing uncontrollable, even with the dialled down power. She was already past the point of no return as far as climbing to that inevitable peak. It seemed just the slightest touch on her already sensitive clit, even without Tim's powers, would set her off. He did the only thing he felt confident doing in this situation. He carefully touched her panties with his right hand, while stroking her neck fairly securely with his left. He hoped these two opposite touches would give him a little more control.

It did. Mary stayed in her very aroused state without actually reaching her peak. He was 'edging' her closer and closer to orgasm. He was in control! Once again Tim gained confidence in his ability to control the situation. He had her so turned on that her breathing was coming in short sharp gasps and hissed intakes. Each breath timed itself with an increase or plateau of arousal. She was desperate to scream out her release. Her hips moved in circular motions across the lounge seat and at the end of each circle, they jabbed sharply upwards to help increase the pressure of his wonderful hand on her vagina area, in particular her now distended clit. Tim felt like he was holding a wet sponge. Her cunt was constantly streaming her cunt juices through her panties onto his hand. 

Mary's moans and cries were attracting the attention of the other girls. "Go girl!" they chorused. "Make it a BIG one!" added Lil. "C'mon Tim. Send her over. This I gotta see," They moved closer to Tim and Mary while still teasing each other. The show was certainly adding wood to the already hot fire within the girls.

"No! Not yet!" hissed Antoinette. "Make it last longer. The longer the buildup the better the cum."

"Your wish is my command," laughed Tim with his new-found confidence. He controlled the level of Mary's arousal so perfectly that she was on the edge of orgasm for close to twenty minute. The other girls were amazed. Anne and Lil could wait no longer and quickly brought each other off by alternatively pinching nipples and plunging fingers in and out of each other's cunts. They had finished, enjoying the afterglow and still Mary was edging. By now Mary's eyes were glazed over. Her breath was really laboured and her heartbeats were so strong that Tim could literally see her heart beating! Every muscle in her body was in an impossible strain. It was time to help Mary over.

He released his left hand from Mary's neck area and instantly his orgasm hand took over.

Mary stopped breathing! Her voice caught in her throat in an attempt to scream in a primal tradition of sexual release. But no sound came out. After one whole minute of this absolute abandonment to pure pleasure, Mary's body began to shake. It was a sight to behold. The shaking started in her hip area and progressed in ever outward circles to her limbs. It seemed as if hidden waves were breaking under her skin. Tim gently eased back the power and upped the calming effect.

Mary started breathing and as her lungs searched for air and her body started coming down, she looked around her as if she had landed on another planet. "Holy fuuuuuuuuck!" She thrashed her head around from side to side as the orgasm afterwaves shivered through her body. She reached out to Tim and Anna and Lil and tried to kiss the nearest lips that she could reach. "Mmmmmmm. That was awesome. I would only expect one of those every now and then. Thanks guys."

"No problems," Tim smiled. And set her off again. The same body response was witnessed by all four girls and Tim. This time, they all gathered around and kissed, licked, rubbed, caressed, smoothed any part of Mary's body that they could reach. Tim didn't have to work too hard with his touches on Mary this time. She was also getting the loving from ten hands!

The constant moaning, shaking, shivering and thrashing experienced by Mary soon had the other girls and Tim extremely turned on. The wandering hands and mouths soon became a free-for-all amongst them all. Mary was just a catalyst. Her orgasms, one after another served to act as a switch. The two Brazilian girls were soon completely naked as were Anne and Lil. Tim followed suit, his erect cock springing up as soon as it was released from his boxer prison. 

Antoinette was the first to take advantage of this ready and waiting pole. She briefly rubbed her own cunt lips, smearing the juices there all over her hands and plunging three fingers straight into her hot hole, as if to prepare the way for what was to come. Expertly, she guided the tip of Tim's cock to the entrance and pushed forward so that it slid easily into that warm tunnel. Tim was enthralled. At last he had his cock in a willing cunt! Antoinette lovingly spread her juice-covered fingers over Tim's mouth and nose so that he could really experience the taste of a horny woman. 

This nearly sent Tim over the edge straight away. All of his senses were on overdrive. The sights of five beautiful naked women, all engaged in various acts of sexual abandon, the smell of hot cunt juices from Antoinette, the sounds of moaning and sighs of pleasure, the taste of Antoinette's juice covered fingers in his mouth and the skin feel of flesh to flesh and wandering hands were almost too much. Luckily he had the presence of mind to 'calm' his body slightly, so that these moments and experiences would last a little longer.

Antoinette continued to pump up and down on his straining cock. He could feel her cunt muscles squeezing around the invader each time she moved. Soon she gave a little shudder at each partial withdrawal and would then plunge back hard on his cock to drive it in as deeply as possible. Tim felt a slight barrier at these deep intrusions and guessed that his cock had reached her cervix and was knocking at the second opening there. This drove Antoinette wild and she would utter some, probably Brazilian, phrases which Tim understood as, "Yesssss. Fuck me deeper!" At least that is what her body said to him.

So, he obliged, gentleman that he was!

Time stopped and space became concentrated on pushing and pulling his rock-hard cock in and out of Antoinette's slippery cunt. He could feel his own balls beginning to contract along with that sweet pleasurable pain begin to build up in the centre of his hips. He knew he was about to cum, so as he felt the first build of cum begin to spurt powerfully out of his cock, he touched Antoinette with his orgasm hand and let her fly.

And fly she did! To Mars and beyond a thousand times piloting a ship of pure bliss all the way. Tim continued to pump jet after jet of his white cum straight into her eager pussy as she climaxed again and again and again. Soon the noises of cock pumping became sloshy slurps, as her cunt became full of his man seed. She just could not hold any more in there. She was full. Tim felt as if he was fucking a bowl of sticky water! But still Antoinette shook and orgasmed. Each vaginal orgasmic contraction, sent more of Tim's input oozing out.

"Shit!" exclaimed her mate Charlene. "That is something I have NEVER seen. I want some of that." So, of course Tim obliged. He withdrew from Antoinette and plunged his amazingly hard cock straight into Charlene's already sopping pussy. The same rapid plunging brought her close to climax fairly quickly. He briefly touched Mary and Antoinette again with his right hand and sent them off into lala land while he concentrated on Charlene. Her nipples were those beautiful dark, large nipples found on Latinas. Her aureoles, normally dark as well, were covered with goose pimples, while her nipples stood out, proud and blood filled. Her chest was heaving in those short sharp broken breaths which are the tell-tale signs of approaching release. Tim touched her briefly also with his right hand and witnessed again, the absolute abandonment to the pure agony and pleasure of a full orgasm. 

She tensed up as Antoinette did, around his straining dick. It felt as if her pussy was trying to suck his whole body inside to prolong the tight sensations inside her contracting vagina muscles. She lost it. Completely, utterly, unashamedly.

Anne and Lil were dumbfounded at the revelations unfolding before them. They were lost for a while in their own girl-girl climaxes and soft loving, but the complete release of the three girls, Mary, Antoinette by and Charlene before their very eyes, made them question their exclusive girl loving! 

"Ummm, Tim?" started Lil. "Can we have a go too?" she sort of inquired while eying Anne.

"I understand girls," said Tim. "This in no way has anything to do with your girl likes. You just want to cum as hard as the others, right?"

"R..Right!" stuttered Anne.

They sidled up to Tim's cock. Already it was as hard and straight as a drill. Anne was first to impale herself while hugging Lil tightly. This was something they never thought they would be doing; being fucked in their cunts by a male penis, a real one rather than the silicon dildos they were used to. Tim understood that this was a milestone for them and that he should get it over as quickly as possible for them both. They had made a life choice and he didn't want his unusual abilities to make them question that choice. That wouldn't be fair. Very noble, right? Yes, but he also couldn't wait to fill both their pussies with his cum!

Which he proceeded to do as quickly as possible. He calmed Anne down with his left hand while he slid in and out of her pussy with his rod. When he could see that Lil was also playing with Anne's clit, he touched Anne slightly with his right hand. This sent her over the edge into orgasmic chaos. She writhed and shook and arched her back in an almost gymnastic performance. Lil continued to flick Anne's clit rhythmically as this went on, thinking that it was her that drove her saphic partner over the edge. Tim kept this up for Anne for a whole fifteen minutes, all the while filling her with his never-ending supply of jizz. 

He was in heaven. Mary, Antoinette, Charlene and now Anne were all still enjoying a state of orgasmic high, while he continued to cum buckets into their cunts. Until they overflowed!

Lil climbed onto Tim's cock eventually, even rather apprehensively. Anne was no help to her as she was still shaking uncontrollably. Antoinette and Charlene were lying next to each other. Each time one of them awoke slightly from their spate of climaxes, Tim would lightly touch them again to send them into another bout of orgasmic fits. Mary only came into consciousness every now and then and he obliged with her likewise. 

Tim calmed Lil as well until his cock was also stretching her cunt muscles to the max. He couldn't believe his good fortune to actually get to fuck all of these beautiful women, all with different aspects of sexiness, and all in one night! He paused to appreciate the wonder of the situation and was filled with a warm sense of luck. Or was it the warm pussy covering his dick?

He looked over Lil's smooth Asian body. It was tremendous. It had that light ivory tinge, now covered with a sheen of sweat and cum juices from so many climaxes by different people. Her normally doll-like hair was in disarray. Her eyes were flickering open and hooding closed as each new sensation hit her. Her tits. Her beautiful tits were a sight to behold. They were perfect, as many Asian tits were. The proportion of areole to nipple to tit roundness was perfect. The Greek mathematical philosophers surely would have studied this ratio as one of perfection! Her smooth skin seemed to stretch effortlessly up to her perky nipples, which right now were as tall and straight and blood-filled as his own cock. He just wanted to touch, lick, squeeze gently those amazing orbs of perfection.
