 Tim gains direction

The marathon sex evening, or more precisely night, was a last week memory for Tim. Life had dramatically changed. He now had an eager group of female company which, although not openly flirting for his attention, made it quite clear that 'word had passed around' and that he was quite welcome to advance towards them if he desired. Tim felt a little overwhelmed by all of this obscurely sexual attention and really didn't know how to handle it. He was extremely confident now that he could 'handle' any girls he chose, but the social niceties were still fairly beyond him.

This led to trouble!

But not from the girls around him. The other males in the class, who previously left Tim alone, were now zeroed in on this sudden change of sexual status of a used-to-be nobody. 

They were jealous. And they were worried that Tim would somehow make it harder for themselves to engage in their own fucking with the girls of their choice. Ty, the ringleader and dominant 'alpha' male, had particular problems with the change in status quo. He was used to girls fawning for his attention 24-7 and absolutely relished the idea that he could have the girl of his will at any time. This decrease in numbers of the available female choices had him feeling angry and in some way deficient. These feelings were not compatible with Ty's psyche, so he thought that he needed to do something about it before it became the norm.

The time for him to 'do something about it' came during a PE lesson in the last week of the last semester of college. Everyone was feeling and acting a little loose, letting down their hair by degrees before that final yahoo which signalled the end of baby life and the beginning of an adult, university or not, career.

Ty's class, which also included Tim's class, as a competition of sorts, had just finished a fairly frenetic game of football. All the students were filled with a sense of fun and were constantly jiving and teasing each other all the way to the shower rooms. Ty made a beeline for Tim and insistently teased and pushed Tim into other students walking nearby. The others knew that Ty was up to something and played along, complaining about Tim's bumps and near trips.

Tim took these provocations as merely good fun, until Ty actually punched Tim quite hard in the shoulder. This hurt Tim and it caused him to pause and look Ty squarely in the eye. Tim was in a quandary. He now knew that Ty was trying to hurt him. He also knew that his new-found abilities, along with his rejuvenating cum, had built his previously slack, slim body into a muscle toned bundle of fitness and power. Something that Ty got a hint of when he punched Tim. It hurt Ty also! His knuckles felt as if they had hit a brick wall. 

"Hey man! That hurt!" Tim allowed himself to say. The very fact that he spoke to Ty, rather than shrink away in fear, sparked another angry outburst from Ty. Ty was not used to this reaction to any of his challenges for dominance. 

"Aw, poor baby hurt his shoulder! Must be from all that wanking," cooed Ty. The others gathered around and instantly became the audience, snickering and quietly urging Ty on with their comments. "Yeah, hand fucker."

Tim saw red. He usually avoided conflict and had been successful all throughout his school days at avoiding any out and out direct fight threats. This time was different. His confidence with sex and girls, etc had given him a fresh sense of his own pride, and most importantly, his own abilities. As quick as a flash, a speed which surprised even Tim himself, he shot back, "At least I wait until I'm home alone, rather than spray all over the bed when I am in a dormitory of classmates!

There was almost an instant silence. It was one of those, "Can I have a glass of milk?" in a western saloon type moments.

Ty had done his utmost to forget that hugely embarrassing incident way back at the excursion/camp. Not only had he practised selective memory techniques, but he also induced amnesia into anybody since then who in any way referred back to it. This induced amnesia was usually brought on by a swift kick to certain anatomical male parts which are not designed for contact at speed, namely the balls! The gathered crowd hushed and silently pleaded with Tim to run before he also succumbed to Ty's special brand of disease inducement.

Tim didn't run. He stayed and locked eyes with Ty. Tim's eyes gained that almost Clint Eastwood glint, which asked the well-known question, "Do you feel lucky punk?"

Ty knew that the moment of truth or dare had come. Here was someone who stood up to him. This someone had already produced two sobering facts for Ty. Tim was strong, and Tim was game. Logic would have determined that now was the moment for Ty to back down and continue the pretence of 'just kidding', but Ty being Ty, he didn't follow the normal laws of logic. His right hand came at Tim in a low arching sweep straight towards his solar plexus. Tim, with heightened senses and an uncanny sixth sense which enabled him to 'see' Ty's moves in slow motion blocked Ty with his left hand. "Now this is a new development!" Tim heard himself think.

As Tim blocked Ty's attempted punch with his left hand, he slid his elbow in closer, enabling his left hand to grasp Ty's neck while deflecting the punch to the right. At the touch of Tim's left hand to Ty's neck, a profound change came over Ty. The flushed, tensed look that he had on his face, the fighter's stance which he had adopted to attack Tim, and the angry glaze to his eyes all disappeared. He visibly calmed and breathed normally. His face developed a smile and his eyes became that friendly shade which invited lookers to be friends.

"No problems Tim. I'm sorry I hurt you. I just got carried away. Let's go guys. We have showers to visit and balls to scratch." With that he led an astonished band of followers to the shower cubicles where the usual banter and good-natured teasing continued as if nothing had happened.

Tim stood in the same spot, not believing what he had just caused to happen. He had deflected a direct conflict situation, one which could have turned out nasty, especially for him, into a calm peaceful exchange of friendly banter. "This left hand ability is as powerful as the orgasm hand," Tim mused thoughtfully. Tim was not alone in standing there thinking. Other classmates, those not so entrenched into Ty's group of bullies, also patted him on the back and passed comments like, "Good job Tim!", or "Someone had to stand up to him sometime!"

Tim's final results came home one Friday. The mailman had done his round of the neighbourhood, passing all of the eager ex-students who looked upon the results envelope with varying degrees of dread and hope. Tim honestly did not know what to expect. He knew that since his 'enlightening' experience, he had been able to handle the academic challenges much more easily, and had even earned the accolades of many of his teachers for his sudden improvement and attention to his studies. "If they only knew that I spent many long nights wanking continuously, or that the all-night sex sessions were quite the norm," he smiled inwardly. Nevertheless, the expected envelope came and it was a real surprise that he achieved one of the top scores for his final year, a result which allowed him to choose almost any university course which he desired. His parents were ecstatic. They knew that Tim was not dumb, but not in their wildest dreams did they ever imagine that their son, Tim, could be a lawyer, or a doctor, or a top level business executive! The celebration party went on well into the night with all the still-living family members within a two hundred mile radius present. It was a great night!

About 1am, when the long-lasters were demolishing the last of the bourbon and dregs of wine, while telling and re-telling favourite family anecdotes, Tim noticed a visitor shyly coming to the front door. He intercepted the visitor before they could ring the doorbell and realised with a heart jump that it was Melinda.

Ah Melinda. She was the only girl he really spoke to throughout his school days and his first kiss that fateful night when he mysteriously got his strange abilities. And that same Melinda that he ashamedly didn't get to spend time with since then. He was too busy exploring the sex-based powers of his hands.

"Hey Melinda," he managed to say quietly. "How's things?"

"Great thanks Tim. I've missed you. We used to talk so much before. I know it's late, but I thought that if I don't come over to say bye now, we may not get a chance again. I leave for university in Canberra, Australia tomorrow."

This revelation shell-shocked Tim. "You what? How? Why?" he stammered. "I assumed that you would go locally like me and that we could have time to, ummm, catch up again," he added.

"Me too Tim. I really hoped so too. But this university is the only one which offers the course I wanted to do. Molecular Biology, majoring in drug cloning and medicine production. They're doing all the cutting edge research into new drugs which will enable humans to fight any diseases. I am really excited that they gave me the opportunity to join the course and, because of my excellent grades, they have offered me a full scholarship for tuition and boarding. It couldn't have worked out better for my future. Well job-wise anyway." At this she became shy and looked away sadly. "After our umm, kiss at that party, I realised that we had a serious connection Tim and I hoped it would develop into something a bit more lasting and satisfying. But I, um, heard about your sudden interest in Mary," pause, "And Lil," pause, "And Anne,"

"I...," started Tim.

"And those Brazilian students," she continued. "I didn't think that you would be interested in me anymore. Besides, every time it would have been possible to go out with you, you were um... busy all night. I know! I watched you arrive home early, early in the morning!" she added. "I heard what you did to Ty and I was really interested that you had found yourself at long last. The real Tim! Confident, successful and good-hearted. The Tim I desperately needed to be with." At this point Tim could see her eyes glinting with the tear-like mirrors of the available light rolling down her cheeks.

He did the only thing a man is expected to do in situations like this. He pulled her close and hugged her while not saying a thing. "Mum school 101!" he heard himself thinking.

Melinda melted into him. She fit neatly in all of the right places. Her soft breasts fitted neatly under his steely chest muscles. Her smooth face snuggled into that concave place under his collar bone and her hair drifted sensually along his shoulder and up into his face. He placed his arms around her in a purely plutonic embrace; around her shoulders, in order to give the unmistaken impression that he meant her no harm, and indeed only wanted to protect her.

Yep. You guessed it! He wasn't thinking enough of his abilities. His right hand rubbed placatingly along her outer arm in an age old, "It's ok," gesture.

It wasn't ok! It aroused Melinda to a degree that surprised her so much that the breath caught in her throat. The seemingly smooth embrace that they had both fallen into suddenly became something more. Her soft warm tits were instantly given two determined points of embarrassment. Her nipples came to attention with a speed that took the breath away from Melinda. Her goosepimply aureole became switched on to the slightest bump or pressure or different texture, all of which were provided by Tim's steely chest!

Her legs became weak to the point that she had to lean into Tim to stay in some degree of upright posture. This had the consequence of driving her pubic area more closely towards Tim's. She became acutely aware of a growing moistness in her pussy while becoming even more acutely aware that Tim was hiding a certain bump of his own behind the zip of his jeans. A bump which was becoming more insistent and noticeable by the second.

Tim took a little while to notice her change in feelings in front of him. When it finally dawned on him that he had inadvertently turned Melinda on, he tried desperately to backtrack what he had done by attempting to use his left hand to negate the earlier effects.

Chance and the fates were against Tim. Each time he tried to gently calm Melinda down, she would turn her body so that his left hand only came into contact with her thick woollen top, completely making his abilities there useless. She just seemed to get more and more horny! Tim realised that not all of Melinda's horniness was due to his accidental touch. His initial touch had merely served to break through to the natural feelings that she had for him anyway. He decided to take a chance and let the fates do their thing. He kissed her and was immediately reminded of that first kiss that Melinda and he had shared. He felt elated, not only in a sexual, here-we-go way, but a deep satisfying kiss that reached down to his soul.

Melinda must have felt the same because she didn't readily release her lips from his when he came up for air. "Tim, this is what I felt that night. I haven't felt this with anyone else," she murmured. "Can we do more? We may not get another chance!" This time it was hissed out of her mouth in a purposefully whispered warning. "Where can we go? Now!" she pleaded.

Tim walked arm in arm with Melinda towards "Fucker's Forest", the only place he knew where this was going to be ok. The crisp early morning air added to their sense of urgency and heightened their skin to contrasting warm touches and rubs. They made it into the usual clearing, which Tim knew so well and didn't pause to say a word. Their clothes almost dropped off their bodies of their own accord to form an almost comfortable nest on the dewy ground. As they kissed, naked and urgent, they glided to the ground, lips still touching, tongues still entwined, to rest side by side on the cloth bed.

Melinda became more urgent before Tim had a chance to do anything with his handy hands. She broke her saliva-wetted kiss and made her way slowly down Tim's body. She seemed to lick and taste every inch of the way from his lips to his dick, not pausing anywhere on the way. As soon as she reached his straining cock, she tightened her lips and drew them down over the head. The saliva she had in her mouth served to let her tight lips glide right over his head and past that sensitive ridge where his cockhead met his throbbing shaft. She paused there slightly withdrawing, so that her lips gave that ridge an extra dose of contact. He moaned involuntarily, letting her know that she was driving him wild. 

She continued doing this to the extent that Tim thought he would cum just from this small insistent well targeted stimulation. Just when he was about to start on the inevitable slide to climax, she stopped, took her mouth off his dick and made her way back up to his lips again. Tim tasted himself on her lips. A taste which he was quite used to in his pre-partner sex days. Melinda was impressed that he didn't flinch at this new taste from his own cock. Most other men she had done this to had refused to kiss her again after oral contact with their cocks. Tim didn't. 

"That is so wild Melinda!" Tim blurted out. "Now let me do the same for you." He didn't wait for confirmation. He likewise slowly made his way down Melinda's body, taking special care with every erogenous spot on the way. Spots that he had learnt about during his exploits with Mary, and Liz, and Lil, and Anne, and Antoinette, and Charlene. All of these girls were experts in the art of making a woman feel good and he watched, learnt and mastered them! Melinda moaned and sighed and started short sharp breathing all the way down. Her body twisted and turned as if to escape this pleasure, but then rose up in an attempt to push every inch of her skin to the site of that delicious teasing coming from Tim's lips and tongue and mouth. He knew that he was pleasing her and being deeply satisfied himself in her pleasure. He kept her on edge, not allowing her to find that sought-after release yet. He remembered Antoinette's words, "The longer she waits, the better the orgasm will be!"

For nearly fifteen minutes, Melinda built and built her tension to almost breaking point. In the end she pleaded with him, "Tim... Oh god Tim! Do it pleaaaassssse! Make me cum!" Tim moved down so his mouth and tongue were at her cunt level. He breathed deep the musty air of her arousal, something that added to his own arousal. He drew small circles with his tongue all the way around her opening, not worried about the hair there. He gently moved closer and closer to the centre of her world and indeed her universe at present; her clit. When his tongue finally reached that now quite large blood-filled nub at the top centre of her pussy, she completely lost it. Her body writhed and shook. Her hips strained against his head while she held his hair so that his head would not lose that contact with her pussy. The words and sounds coming out of her mouth were entirely unintelligible, but completely understandable. They said, "Yesss!"

Just when Melinda started to come down from her clit lashed inspired climax, Tim moved his tongue so that he was now exploring the depths of her wet hole. His tongue darted in and out, going as far in as possible. This again sent Melinda into a spin, experiencing an orgasm from a different source and adding to her bank account of pleasure. Tim alternated between sending her over by deeply stimulating her to flicking his tongue over her sensitive clit. Melinda was in heaven. Just as she thought it was over a new wave of sensation would send her over into the abys again. 

Tim was also in heaven. He had not really used his hand powers to any real extent so far apart from the accidental initial touch. This was new territory for him. He and Melinda had engaged in the sort of sex that any normal couple would have done. No special powers needed! 

His mouth made his way at last to her mouth and the kissing which they had started their tryst with began again in earnest. It was a passionate, wet, slippery, yet loving kiss, or kiss upon kiss upon kiss to be precise. Their combined tastes and juices simply added to the mix of intimacy. This was not just sexual. This was something deeper and more serious than just sex. They both knew it as they both felt it.

Finally after an undeterminable time, their lips parted. They both tasted each other on each other's lips and mouths. Their essences were mixed. "Oh my god Tim!" Melinda panted. "I have experienced some fucking before, but that was something out of this world. What you did just with your tongue and mouth, well, all I can say is thanks. Holy fucking thanks!"

Tim felt as if his chest would explode. He dared to ask the question which bugged his head the most. "Melinda, I know you had a fantastic orgasm, but did you feel something different as well? Something closer and deeper?"

"Of course silly. Your tongue deep inside me!" Melinda returned. Just as she saw that Tim looked a little crestfallen at that, she added more seriously, "Just kidding Tim. Yes I did. I felt it from the first time we kissed. Then it was only an awakening, a small sample. Enough to demand further exploration. But this time that feeling of bond and closeness was full-blown out there. It is a feeling I have never felt before. I think it means more than we know. It doesn't just mean we are compatible fuck buddies."

Tim was silent as he digested this out-pouring of feeling coming from a bond of trust which they both had for each other. "Yes Melinda. I think you're right. Maybe we should stay together and see where it leads us." He didn't realise straight away what he was asking of her. When it dawned on him what he was really asking of her, he quickly retreated. He knew how much she wanted this university position. "Or," he continued, "Better still, why not go our planned ways and see if it still means as much later?" 
