 Author's Note: Story Requested by Blader. This is a sequel to a short story I did awhile ago. It's not required reading to enjoy this though.

***

Katy moaned and came once more. Her body jerked about on the toilet seat, legs kicking out as she suckled on her cock, which slammed into her throat of its own volition. Turgid veins throbbed across its surface, pumping in tandem with the tide of semen that rushed through every inch and sprayed down her gullet. Each drop was viscous enough to cling to her oesophagus, which let the phallus slide deeper, using its own ejaculate as lube. The shape bulged from her throat as it disappeared into her bottomless cleavage.

She kept her hands on her tits, giving herself a boob job. Not that she had any say in the matter - it would use her breasts with, or without her consent. Regardless, Katy took her own joy from the act. She rolled her nipples in her fingers, pinching and pulling in equal measures. Each action incited a deep rooted moan, echoed by the lurid slurps of her pussy.

An eight-inch vibrator whirled about in her cunt, unknowingly finding and striking her favourite spots. Juices dripped into the water below, while the dildo remained aloft, held aloft by her carnal muscles alone. Katy whimpered and clenched her thighs together, pleading for her cock to stop. Cum stopped gushing, now a mere dribble down her gob, before sliding back to 'look' at her, cum and spit linking it to her lips. Sometimes she believed it really could see her.

"You done?" Katy rasped and wiped at her face, smearing it in the aftermath. Her cock swayed side-to-side. Fresh semen drooled from the fissure along its peak, thicker than any paste she'd seen, almost like cement mix. The odour extended toward her, seductive in its overwhelming virility, like a thousand men had jerked off before her. She leaned forward, tongued extended to lick up the dribble, before it pulled away.

She flexed the invisible network of muscles beneath her skin, the ones that no one but Katy possessed, hoping to cajole the elusive prick toward her. The problem with her cock, was its semi-sentience. It was her dick, but it wasn't hers. Pulses of pleasure travelled down its length, into her body proper and to her brain. It intended to fuck her... again.

Such was the problem of having a cock for a tail, she supposed. It wriggled about, pressing the bulk of its body against Katy's snatch, pushing her fingers away and dislodging the vibrator within. The dildo plopped into the toilet below, splashing water and droplets of her juices onto her thighs. Katy was left panting, unable to prevent what was to come and, to a lesser extent, unwilling to. It was hard to refuse such treatment. Not only for the stubborn nature of her tail, yet also for the inevitable pleasure that would come.

When it approached her snatch, Katy sighed and spread her legs. She reached down to her pussy, stroked it from bottom to top, lingering on the clit, and parted the lips. A man had never sunk more than a few fingers inside her, however it was difficult to tell, given how loose her pussy was. Several years of masturbation, and living with an unruly cocktail, gave her quite the experienced cunt. Not that her dick would let a man's member anywhere close.

"Fuck, that's so wet," Katy said and glanced at her tail. It quivered, its lust barely constrained in the presence of her pussy, which dripped fluids into the water. A thin layer coated the insides of her thighs, spread around by the whirring of her drowned vibrator.

Her cock waved in place, as if waiting for her permission. It wasn't. All it was doing was teasing her, waiting until she asked for it to fuck her, to part her inner walls with the blunt, bell-shaped crown. From the head, her dick burgeoned into a dense trunk of virile might, new veins popping out the lower it went until they formed a dense network. Only one vein was constant as it travelled along the bottom of her cock. That one was responsible for delivering all her cum.

She bit her lip. It was like an arcade game now. The story was always the same, ending with her inevitable defeat, yet she couldn't stop playing it. Anticipation and lust intertwined as she stared. Her cock remained docile, its only movement a subtle swaying that rippled along its girth. On a good day, she would hold out for an entire hour, sometimes even get it to back down. Today was not one. She'd dealt with a wet dream that morning, suffered through work - with a slutty co-worker strutting about - and now her pussy was dripping wet. If she didn't cum soon, her cock would go haywire again.

Just like at the coffee shop. Rita still hadn't talked to her, or even glanced her way at work. A result that she couldn't risk tonight, not at the party.

"Just, ugh, just get on with it," Katy said and reclined against the basin. If she had the time, or the willpower, she might have waited. Not now. Not tonight, she couldn't turn up horny and with a disobedient cocktail. Even as a single cog in a machine of finance, in a much larger holdings company, her demeanour reflected on everyone else. Especially the CEO.

Her cock stiffened at her words, as if upset by them, then gave what looked like a shrug, and then it pressed into her opening. Just like a dick; so long as it got wet, it didn't care. When her folds parted around it, Katy moaned and fondled her tits, pinching the nipples as her cock slithered deeper into her pussy. Sensations ignited as it shoved against her cervix. It writhed against the barrier, stretching her walls and distorting her abdomen.

Katy alternated between lustful groping and massages on her breasts. She rolled the nipples in her fingers, pulling and twisting them as her cock tried in vain to enter her womb. Failing that, it slid back and pulled a drawn out, deep moan from her. When the bulbous crown tugged on her lips, it rammed forward, bulging from her stomach. She let her head lean against the wall, moans and gasps escaping her. The sounds turned to a pleasured whine as she tugged on her nipples, stretched them until the pleasure turned to pain, then released. They snapped back into place with a heavy jiggle.

The cock retracted and surged within her. It arched as it pushed, testing her cervix's integrity, before it settled on brute force. The next entry was swift and brutal, better described as a tackle that would make a pro footballer beam with pride. On any other woman, such a thrust might have hurt. Not Katy. She'd tolerated, and even welcomed similar treatment before.

Slow retreat then a full force punch. On exit, her pussy slurped like a true slut, suckling on the cock that was, in essence, its sibling. Her fluids dripped into the bowl and coated the tail. The light above her glistened off its skin, like it was lathered in a rich oil. She jerked and moaned as a spurt of warmth inundated her canal, before it leaked to join its counterpart below. She shuddered at the heat and lurid noises. Her pussy squelched on the next thrust.

"Come on," Katy said with a glance at the time. She only had half an hour left to get ready. Which meant recovering, showering and getting dressed. Presuming her cock would hurry and finish. It seemed to have some grasp of urgency, as the slow exits turned rapid. Each thrust was a swift punch to her womb, still demanding entry.

Her stomach fell and rose in tandem. The shape stretched toward her tits, as though her cock missed their soft embrace, but was unwilling to abandon her sublime cunt. She couldn't blame it for that. She felt everything it did after all. Separate in mind, but not in body, Katy was subject to its every pleasure, every sensation that it enjoyed. Her pussy dripped and clung to it like a skin-tight sleeve, while the walls rippled on each thrust, quivering in burgeoning ecstasy. 

It was a symbiotic bliss. As her cock thrust, it burned with pleasure, which echoed in her pussy and cycled back to her dick, and vice versa. Even if it only made slow moves, the pleasure was double anything a normal person could experience. She could cum in five minutes at a languid pace. But she didn't have five minutes. One was barely sufficient.

And her cock knew it. As her pleasure rose, so too did her cock swell, filling and stretching her cunt, which poured its lusts now. The folds were stretched taut at the entrance, her clit forced to curve inward and grind into the tail. Katy's hands clenched around her tits, nails sunk into the flesh, while her nipples throbbed into her palms. Her eyes rolled and drool escaped her lips. Powered by concealed yet dangerous muscles, her cock pounded her faster and harder. Juices splashed all over the place; her thighs, stomach, feet, floor. Even the shower curtain.

Her moans ascended into cries as bombs detonated at her core. Blissful flames seared her senses as they roared through her body, gathering in her head, shrouding it in a smoky haze of ecstasy. Her cock shuddered and buried itself deeper, where it held, then shivered again as a series of bulbs passed through its length. When they entered, her cries jumped in pitch and held as her walls were stretched anew.

As her air ran short, her cries turned to short grunts and moans. Her body jerked with bolts of pleasure, thighs closing and opening, while her pussy squelched and drooled like a ravenous animal. Her tail made short thrusts at random intervals, each time mashing its peak against her womb. Bundles of sperm-rich semen spurted into her, most of it churning within her rippling hole and turning to foam, while entire handfuls found their past her cervix. They filled her womb until the bulge of her tail lost definition. 

The orgasm ran its course. Katy's tail slipped free with a wet slurp and sprayed the last of its load onto her engorged stomach, while ounces of the stuff dripped from within her. She rubbed at her snatch. It was sore from the pounding and over-sensitised after the elongated orgasm. Seed clung to her fingers and formed long, viscous ropes as she pulled them away.

"Good thing I'm on the pill," Katy said and licked up the mess. Whatever she said about her cock, no matter how she whined about it, many of her favourite indulgences came from it. Masturbation became a self-fuck festival, the kind no dildo could truly match, not to mention the pleasure when it went completely rampant. The coffee shop floated to her mind's surface. Part of her wished she could let loose like that all the time.

Another part, however, bound and gagged the idea and locked it in the dankest pit of her thoughts. There it would stay until her libido broke it free once more. Katy sighed and stood, one hand on the wall to stabilise herself; her legs quivered, on the verge of giving out if she entrusted too much weight. She turned on the shower and sat under the spray, washing off the stench of sex. The water turned murky as it drained away.

Time wasn't her ally. She allowed herself ten minutes to recover before she rushed to clean herself, and to push out as much jizz that she could, before climbing out, drying, then getting dressed. She was running late. Hopefully the traffic wouldn't be bad.

It was. By the time she arrived at the party - a gala held at the CEO's parents 'small' mansion - she was six minutes late. Not that anyone would notice. As she entered, she noticed that most, if not all, the guests had wine or martinis. The laughter was defining, almost enough to drown out the music. No doubt a trance-inducing techno beat like the songs her boss enjoyed. To her surprise, it was actually a tasteful piece of Mozart. As it wound down, it shifted into Bach.

Without all the snobbish people around, dressed in their elegant dresses or suits, Katy might've relaxed. Instead, she hurried to a corner, near a speaker, and nursed a half-filled martini - getting drunk was high on her list of 'do nots'. She'd dressed for the occasion, of course. A simple, silk and lace dress that extended to her knees at the front and continued at her back, with a low neckline that emphasised her already prodigious bust. Several eyes leered at her and attempted to get close, but she shifted from corner to corner.

Around her waist, hidden by a sash and tactful folds, was her tail. This was its usual position, held in place through bondage, while she attempted to become a literal wallflower and escape attention. Such a thing was impossible, however, with as voluptuous a figure as hers. Her boss soon found her and, as the gracious host, went over to greet her. Despite Katy arriving several minutes beforehand.

"Hi, Katy. Glad you could make it. I almost thought you weren't coming." Her tone implied that 'thought' was 'hoped'. Though not one to assume, Katy expected that her boss, Jen Kaufner, was jealous, and without good reason. Of the two, Katy would call Jen the bigger woman, if only in physical stature.

Being German descent, Jen had strong features. A large nose and thick lashes over spear-like blue eyes. If her nose hooked at all, she would be comparable to a hawk, instead it remained straight and ended above her full lips, which were layered with gloss and red. Some had rubbed off. No doubt onto some of the top investors' cheeks or lips.

Katy made no inclination at her thoughts as she addressed the taller woman. Half a foot separated them. Compounded with Jen's slightly broad shoulders, she made for an intimidating sight. Yet she lost none of her femininity in the process, despite the tones of muscle throughout her form.

"Sorry, I was running late. How's the party?" Katy asked, dripping her own voice with accusations of Jen's overt friendliness toward her male guests. A glance behind the CEO showed that several of them, most with wives, were ogling her. The women didn't seem upset, already formulating revenge sex with a neighbour or gardener perhaps.

"Same old, same old," Jen rolled her eyes, "Did you get that report done?"

"Yeah. It'll be sitting on your desk Monday morning," Katy said, annoyance in her tone. This was the third extra report she'd been slammed with in as many days, all because a few brown-nosed asses sucked up to Jen about it.

"Thanks again. It's a big help," Jen said and, far as Katy could discern meant it. Unlike most in her office, Katy couldn't find it in her to outright detest the woman. She was too eager to please the masses, that's all. If one person could handle three others' workload, then she'd take that option. On top of that, she appreciated it. The bonuses in Katy's bank account attested to that fact.

"No problem. So, any reason for tonight?"

"Not really. Just gotta keep up appearances around the money-bags, you know? Wouldn't wear this otherwise," Jen chuckled and gestured to her outfit, a sight Katy had been avoiding. Now, as her eyes followed the movement, her cock shifted within its prison. Three words that described Jen's appearance; tall, powerful and voluptuous.

Katy threw back her martini and grimaced at the taste. It was better than letting her eyes focus.

"Anyway, could you give me a hand tonight? I can only be in so many places at once, so I could use you and your, uh... assets."

Anything to keep from staring at her, "Sure. Just butter 'em up, right?"

"Right. Thanks again!" Jen said and left to flirt with another married man, though his wife seemed just as enamoured by the German's body as he was. By their body language, a potential threesome wasn't far behind. Katy shook herself and grabbed another martini, this one full to the brim, glugged it down and grabbed a third. Then she headed to a group of sharp dressed men, all in their mid-fifties, and followed Jen's example. Meanwhile, her cock somehow sneered at their presence.

Perhaps it was reactive to her sexuality, but her dick refused to be active around men. Katy preferred girls, though she had nothing against a handsome guy. They just didn't do anything for her. Besides help keep her paycheques coming. She kept her eyes level to theirs, not letting on that she knew they were trying to burn holes in her clothes with their gazes. If only they could, she thought and chuckled at a dumb joke one made. How would they react to her cocktail? Probably yell and get her and Jen fired somehow.

Overtime, she fell into a routine around them. Giggle, sip her drink, and breathe deeply, despite their repugnant cologne, as she was enamoured by them. As she found her rhythm, her mind was free to roam. And where else would it go, but back to Jen's body. She chided her tail, blaming it for the thoughts. But it wasn't wholly responsible. She wanted to be anywhere but with these people, and imagining a naked or stripping Jen made that half-real.

Everyone was called to the dining room now, allowing Katy to slip away from her male admirers. She took a seat at the end of the table, next the head, where Jen chose to sit, casting a grateful smile her way. A quick glimpse around the setting revealed that most eyes were fixed on them. Curses came in all forms. Katy bore two, one as an incorrigible cocktail, and the other in the form of her curves.

She had no right to have such a figure. Yet she did. Breasts on par with melons, close to her head, sleek waist that offered a hint of softness, and hips few people could look away from. On top of that, her ass depressed under her weight, swallowing the chair as she relaxed into it. This was normal.

People stared. People lusted. People undressed her with their eyes. It'd been that way for a long time, and got worse when she ignored all the attention. The illusive hot girl. Much as she hated to admit it, the notion was enticing for her as well. One reason why she might not dislike Jen as others did.

Strength and femininity collided not one foot from her in the form of a woman she could never have. Not just for the cock she had tied under her dress, but Jen's position in the company. How would that look in the eyes of the public, a boss sleeping with their co-worker, who also had a four-foot cock? Perhaps if people like Katy became commonplace, then it'd be fine with a few PR tricks.

"That'll never happen though," Katy sighed and took a sip of complimentary wine. The alcohol buzzed in the background, relaxing her, regardless of what she wanted. Somehow, she looked around and saw a painting, or a vase, or a random person and she would find a way to bring it back to Jen. It was becoming an obsession in a single night. 

Several dings broke her thoughts. Jen had stood up, breasts wobbling as they settled back into the embrace of her tight dress, with a glass in hand, proposing a toast.

"Thank you all for coming tonight. It's good to see some of you," she shot a glance at Katy, though not one of welcoming, "And great to see others. I appreciate some of our people working so hard to organise this event, at the cost of some all-nighters of course. Anyway, I don't want to ramble, so, here's to all of you!"

Again, she seemed genuine at times, like a good person. And others, like now, she was a snob. Those people who worked on this event were little more than cogs for her, people whose job was to work on stuff like this. If they didn't, then what were they even doing? Not like they had lives outside of work. Even after Katy relieved her of flirting with more unfaithful bastards, she was unhappy to have her there. For obvious reasons.

In a neutral view, she and Katy were the hottest girls there. Jen had the edge, but that didn't alleviate her inherent jealousy. People with power, or curves, are afraid of others with the same. Katy rested her head in a hand and waited for the appetisers to be brought out, while stealing glances at Jen's figure. When she laughed, her chest bounce like jelly. She turned away and showed off how her ass stretched her dress, flattening folds and creases. Katy wouldn't mind groping either tit or ass for a moment.
