 First and foremost, my apologies for the first version. New writer, little nervous. Here's a more finished product, enjoy! 

* * * * *

Waking up somewhat on the early side, grumbling with frustration, and with the taste of several different flavors of alcohol on the tongue was never a good way to start off the day. After a strong cup of coffee and a very long hot shower, Pslyder left a note for PJ on the door to her room and headed off to the salon, deciding a walk might do him some good. Work some of the kinks of last night's fist-fighting tournament out and such.

He arrived at the salon where he was starting his first day as a masseur in relatively short order, and noticed Kaja Adair, his boss, just getting ready to lock up. "Hoi, Kaj'," he mumbled with just a hint of frustration in his voice, "leavin' already?" 

"Yeah," she said, noting said his frustration but too busy to comment on it, "Tic's still sore'n such, so I'm gonna take tha day off ta take care of 'im. I left a note fer Alicia an' you, but if yer already here, I guess you c'n take a few clients t'day. Up ta y'all." Ticallion Carter was Kaja's fiancé, and Alicia Mulland was her aide de camp in terms of making women feel better about how they looked. Her talents with hair-styling were rapidly becoming legendary.

Muttering something bordering on an apology while on her way out the door, Pslyder watched Kaja ride off on her bike, and then went inside to prepare for whatever clients might happen to come his way. He made a couple of phone calls to acquire more furniture for his studio, and was just about ready to wait for customers o arrive when the door swung slowly open. 

Hearing a female voice call out, "Anybody here?" with some concern, made him believe the opportunity to meet Alicia would be happening sooner than he'd thought. 

Psly knew that Alicia was a huge fan of his from all the televised tournaments and such, and went along with Kaja's plan to shock the living hell out of her by working here at Bella Sera's Salon. He wondered just how shocked she would be. Hearing footsteps, he guessed he wouldn't have to wait long to find out. 

Psly chuckled softly under his breath, and changed his voice slightly to reply. "Yeah, 'm here." 

"That you, Tommy? The worrying tone was becoming increasingly evident in her voice. "Where's Kaja? What's going on?" Looking around the waiting room, Alicia started to search for something, anything to possibly defend herself with. Things were looking pretty strange: Kaja's bike wasn't in its usual parking space and it wasn't like her to leave the door unlocked like that. What the hell was going on.

When Psly slowly walked out of his office, dressed in his 'uniform', white tank top, tight blue jeans, soft boots, and hair down, he struggled manfully to reply to the stunned female in standing in the waiting room, holding what appeared to be a bottle of ...wine. It took a lot for him not to laugh at Alicia, who looked, now she'd given him the once over, like she was going to faint. How could anyone lose it just by looking at him. And what was with the bottle she was clutching like a club?

"She's gone home ta take care'a Tical," he said trying hard to hold in the emerging grin. "He's still a might sore after tha tournament las' night. Looks like it's just you'n me, chica." His southern roots were evident in his speech, but his pointed ears spoke volumes about his heritage.

While Psly was a study in male eye candy, standing a good 6'5" tall with even skin tone, long black hair, and piercing eyes just this side of sky blue. Alicia was a complete contrast: 5'4," maybe 100 lbs., chocolate brown hair and smoky gray eyes, which were quick to take in everything around her. 

"Tom...? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!" she screamed. "You're not Tommy! You're . . .you're . . .AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!

Wincing somewhat from the assault on his ears, he took up a lean against the wall. "Y'know. . .yer gon' go hoarse screamin' like thaht. . .Yes, Ah'm 'Tommy'. Part'a mah middle name, y'scan? Kaj' thought it'd be a right fun joke. Ah'm tha new masseur here." he said with a wry smirk. 

Pslyder: a.k.a. Frederick Thomas Alexander. Former enforcer and bodyguard, with several cybernetic enhancements, that although mainly intended for combat, were serving a much more relaxing purpose here in this world he'd found himself working in. 

"Oh. . .my. . .GOD!!!! No way! No way in hell! YOU'RE working HERE????"

Chuckling softly, he said, "Yup. Ah guess ya ain't heard yet 'bout tha 'company employee benefit program.'..."

"OhmygodohmygodohmyGOD!!!"

With an exasperated sigh, he slid a chair over to her. "Spirits, toots, cop'a squat before you pass out or somethin'. . .You're actin' like Ah'm some kind of big shot or somethin'. . .makin' me nervous. . ." Psly couldn't help but smile at that: him as Mr Bigshot, a guy who could stun women into silence..

With Alicia slumped down into the seat, eyes wide and staring. Psly noted, even for a half-fairy, that wasn't healthy, and to cap it all off, she was starting to hyperventilate. Taking the bottle she'd been holding, he stepped over to the mini-fridge, asking her if a glass of wine would help settle her Somewhat. Taking her lack of response as an affirmative and the evidence of several similar cold bottles, he poured her a large glass of Chardonnay. He actually had to place it into her hand; she appeared to be still in that much shock.

"Here. Drink. Be calm. Ah don' bite...much." 

After another chuckle at his last comment, Psly went back into his studio, so that Alicia could recuperate And relax. Hoping that some time alone would give her a chance to become accustomed to his presence. It was clear that he flustered her...a lot. He didn't want to be impressed by that, or become big -headed, but it felt good to know that he could make a girl speechless. Okay, he conceded to himself, so maybe he was big -headed and that being the case, was it really a bad thing. Whistling to himself, he got down to work.

"Ok, get a grip, girl. Yes, he's working here. You're working here. You get to stare at that ass all.. .gah..." It had taken Alicia about ten minutes and frequent gulps of the wine Psly had poured her, before she felt coherent enough and steady enough to stand. Shakily, she got herself another glass of wine, gulping that down too, certain that the alcohol was helping her calm down. 

What didn't help her stress levels, was reading the note she'd just found whilst walking back to her chair. Kaja's cheery note stating the new masseur had started, and if it wasn't busy, employees got free massages. That set off a whole new level of giddiness, and Touch of tingling to boot. 

"I've gotta be dreaming," she muttered absentmindedly to herself. I could hang up the 'Closed' sign and let him rub me down all damn day. . .there is no way on earth I'm this lucky. Ok, get a grip, damnit! I don't NEED to think of him running those hands, oils, shirtless, eep!" 

She was glad that he had left the room, it was clear that being in the same room, did things to her mind and her libido. In fact, if she were honest, it didn't take being in his presence to make her fantasize like mad about Psly. Having met him was enough: she now had ample material to get her imagination going. Knowing that he was in the next room was sending her over the edge.

Even half-fairies needed release sometimes, and she dashed to the bathroom just for that purpose. Thoughts of what he'd do during a massage and being that close to her had her biting her jacket as she slipped her hand underneath her skirt, and down to her clit, rubbing away that itch furiously. It only took her a couple of minutes, but she had to fight to keep from screaming; damn, he was good. Her head was still spinning minutes after her orgasm. Alicia wondered if he was this good in her fantasies, what would it be like if they really got it on. 

Meanwhile, Psly was simply setting up for the day, making sure he had plenty of oil bottles in the warmer, towels in the steamer, and incense stocked and ready to go. A quick check over his inventory and a couple of phone calls to suppliers ensured he wouldn't be running out any time soon. He stepped out onto the porch to smoke a cigarette, and try desperately not to think about some of the women he hadn't been able to hook up with due to the tournament. 

Alicia carefully made her way out of the bathroom, keeping a hand on the wall to hold herself steady, and noticed him standing on the porch, cigarette in hand, looking off into the distance. Quickly hiding around the corner of her studio, she peeked out to take in the full view. Her eyes traveled from his boots all they way up to that hair, not wanting to blink for fear of it being a dream and she'd wake up. 

She felt that tingle start up again, and thought "Oh god... please let this not be a dream...and please don't let him think I'm weird for spending the day in the bathroom...." Without thinking too much about it, her hand had trailed down again, and she let out a soft whimper as she watched him, her fingers sliding in and out of her hole with unsurprising ease.

Dragging on his cigarette, Psly sighed "Today's gonna be slow, Ah'm guessin'..." Blowing out a plume of smoke, he thought about how to kill some time. Eventually settling on eating; eating was always good. 

"Ah think Ah'll order some pizza or somethin' to that effect," he decided aloud, trying to fill the silence of what looked like being a long, long day.

Before a quick call to the local pizza joint, he called out to Alicia to find out what she wanted on hers.

"Eep! Anything's fine! Oh god..." she murmured the last as she shrank back into her studio, hoping he didn't see what she was doing to herself, but unable to stop. She was sooooo close again; her fingers circling her clit as she kneaded her small breasts with her free hand.

"A'ight, two meat lovers an' a veggie. Pier 24. Cash. Thanks, chummer." Having a phone in one's arm definitely had its advantages. He finished his cigarette and quietly walked back to his studio. 

He paused before opening his door, eyebrows quirked, upon hearing little moans of pleasure from her studio. Laughing quietly he closed the door behind himself. Alicia had the right idea- they weren't busy after all - and it had a lot more merit than food. He wouldn't mind being 'relaxed' too, however, knowing that the pizza would soon be arriving, he settled for turning on an ambient CD. He couldn't help but notice how much he was compromising.

"Oooooohhh God..." Alicia shuddered, coming back down slowly in uneven breaths. Hearing the music, she almost choked on an involuntary "Oh shit." Had he heard her? She'd been pretty vocal and the music wasn't that loud. 

Checking her appearance over quickly in the mirror, she hoped it would be possible to hide what a mess she felt like. Her shirt was quite crumpled where she'd been clutching it, and she was downright soaked with sweat, and in one place, with fluids that had nothing to do with sweat....

"Oh fuck!" She groaned. "He's gonna see this! He's gonna think I'm nuts or something!" 

She snuck into the bathroom again to try and get cleaned up. A few splashes of water over her face had her feeling a little less flushed, but there was no real way to hide the arousal. She sighed, and made her way back to the waiting room, taking a seat behind the desk, and tried desperately not to think about the elf in the back room...with the muscles...and the ass...and the hair. 

Psly came out to pay for the pizza, observing her sitting at the desk in reception, staring off into space, half a bottle of wine in front of her. Smiling to himself, he guessed she needed a little help with her relaxation. He wondered if she'd be open to options other than alcohol; it would sure solve some of his own problems. Softly chuckling at the thought, he went outside and waited the few minutes it would take for the delivery boy to arrive. 

After paying, with a hefty tip to ensure rapid service in the future, he brought the pizzas back inside, setting the veggie one in front of her. 

He got himself a beer from the fridge, and sat in one of the other chairs, chuckling as he saw her still sat motionless, apart from her eyes slowly blinking blankly at the pizza box. Popping the top on the bottle and grabbing a slice, he said "Better eat b'fore it gets cold...cold pizza's only good fer breakfast, y'know."

It took Alicia just a little while to realize Pslyder was talking to her. Distractedly, she took a slice out of the box, frowning at the olives, and picking them off before taking a bite. 

As she chewed mechanically, random thought ran through her mind. 'He works here. He's sitting right over there. He bought me pizza. He's looking at me. He's looking at me! He's talking to me! ' 

Realizing she hadn't replied to his comment, Alicia looked up, finally giving him the eye contact she dreaded. Maybe it was too soon: her mind went completely blank, leaving her desperate to think of anything to say. Freezing totally, all she could cleverly utter was "Huh?"

"Ah said, Ah'm jus' a reg'lar fella, y'know. Normal guy. Ah gots mah faults'n stuff, jus' like ev'rybody else. Put mah pants on one leg at a time, jus' like ev'rybody else,. . .when Ah wear 'em. . ." the last mumbled under his breath with a grin. 

He looked her over with an appraising glance: short, but not bad and good hair. Nice body. . .must be a little chilly over there, 'cause she was about to poke holes in that shirt of hers. . .nothing too big, nothing too small. . .everything in just about the right proportions.

Finishing the pizzas, and working their way through some small talk and wine, Alicia gradually started to relax Slightly and laugh at some of his jokes. She really started to giggle when she looked at the tabloids he set in front of her. 

She'd finished the bottle of wine and had just started on another, when he excused himself to go to the restroom. Sipping on the Chardonnay, Alicia couldn't help but check out his ass as he walked down the hall. 'Buns of perfection', she mused admiringly.

Whether or not it was the wine, she didn't know, but a mischievous grin illuminated her face as she flipped over the 'Closed' sign on her way to Psly's studio.

Hiding nervously? behind the privacy screen, she knew it had to be the wine. Normally she wouldn't go to such lengths: creeping silently, hiding even, to try and jump a guy. Who was she kidding, she admitted to herself. She hadn't drunk enough to quench her thirst, let alone get stupid drunk. Alicia had to acknowledge that Pslyder wasn't just any guy. 

Drying off his hands, Psly looked himself over in the mirror, thinking that he really needed to have someone in here, or preferably horizontal, so he could just concentrate and stop thinking about missed opportunities and body parts with minds of their own. 

Contemplating the fickleness of fate, he left the restroom and walked down the hallway into the waiting room. Not seeing Alicia anywhere, he grinned, thinking she must have had the same idea as him; she'd had a lot of wine after all. Lunch had been good and getting to know Alicia was great, but what the hell was he going to do all day if they didn't get any customers.

Listening to the sounds of him clearing away their meal and his occasional laugh, Alicia knew she had only a few minutes. On hearing the lighter, she knew it was now or never. 

Quickly using his absence as an opportunity, she stripped off her clothes and lay on the table, pulling a towel over her torso murmuring to herself "I can't believe I'm doing this." Awaiting his arrival, she only hoped that Pslyder would fall in with her plans. 

About halfway through the cigarette, he noticed the 'Closed' sign. Seeing that, his increasing boredom began to gradually change into a hopeful assumption. He quickly stubbed out the cig and stepped back inside. 

"Alicia? You a'ight?"

Another stifled giggle and her voice playfully called out, "Lock the door, will you? And come in here and fill me in on this employee benefit thing you were talking about!"

Psly briefly wondered what Kaja would think but it was her rule and he was a stickler for rules worth following. Anticipating a pleasant interlude, he closed the door behind him, locking it, his smile growing increasingly wider as images played in his mind. 

Alicia was a big girl, and could make her own decisions, by gum. Anyway, it wasn't as if there were any customers, and they had already been open a while today. He didn't think anyone would be out on a cold day like this. He hadn't had enough advertising yet. Which was perhaps just as well, seeing as the thing in his pants needed several uninterrupted hours alone with Alicia.

He stepped into his studio and saw her on the table. 

"Well, looks like ya already got tha basic idea there, chica. . ." 

He grinned again as she smiled provocatively. Lighting some incense and candles, he drew the shades closed and grabbed a bottle of warm oil. He pulled the towel back, folding it over her hips, exposing her entire back and just a hint of ass cleavage, then chuckled softly as she wriggled her ass. 

"Relax, chica. Ah ain't gonna bite you." 

He poured some oil onto his hands and rubbed them together, then began to gently massage her shoulders, noting how pale her skin looked in the subdued light of the candles. 

Once again, he was glad he'd had the foresight to have those "relaxation aids" installed in his fingertips. There wasn't a female alive he couldn't reduce to butter with ten vibrating fingers at his disposal. Variable speed control didn't hurt either. And oh, the tricks he could play.

Alicia shivered slightly, coming to grips with the reality that this wasn't a dream. Finally, she began to relax as he worked the oil into her shoulders and her neck. She sighed as he found some old tension and a whole lot of new knots she'd worked up just from this morning. 

Then he started the pulsing on the knots, and she just opened her eyes, gripping the table slightly. Every damn pulse just seemed to travel right to that spot, and the tingling in her crotch was coming back with a vengeance. He moved down to her lower back, and that just made it even stronger. 

She gasped a little, and he paused. "Relax," he said quietly. "Empty yer mind. Let the tension flow outta ya." Flow. Damn straight it was flowing out of her. Every touch just seemed to send a jolt straight down to her clit, and she was well on her way to exploding. 

Psly went back to concentrating on loosening her up, but unlike PJ, she was no problem at all. He shifted to her feet and calves, folding the other half of the towel up so she was only covered at her butt. It took him a while to realize that every time he worked the outer thighs, she'd arch her ass slightly. He knew right then what would happen, and that Kaja would probably kill him for it, but he decided to do some teasing, just to see how she would react. 

Putting more oil on his hands, he started working from her heels and traveling further up along the backs of her legs, stopping just short of the globes of her ass. She arched again, just like he thought she would, and even in the scant light of the candles, he could see what he was doing to her - through the fluff of brown hair he caught a glimpse of glistening lips. Being able to see in the dark had a lot of good points. 

Alicia didn't know how much more of this she could take. She was fighting to keep her breathing steady and even, but when he got that high up near her ass, she moaned slightly, closing her eyes and almost having another orgasm right there. 

Then, she felt his hands on the inside of her calves, and felt the pads in his fingers begin to vibrate continuously. Her eyes opened wide again, along with her mouth, as those hands slowly worked their way up ...closer, closer...right to the point they almost touched her and she swore she could almost feel the vibrations on her soaking pussy. She whimpered softly as his hands retreated once more. She was almost shaking; she was so close! She longed to reach a hand down there to take care of the ache herself, but she just...just...couldn't. She only wanted Pslyder's touch now.
