 It has been over two months since I last encountered Alan in virtual reality (VR). I had not only searched for him in all his favorite alternative realities, but also queried his friends. They hadn't seen or heard from him.

While looking for Alan, I had more than my share of wild sex, but it just wasn't the same without him. The weekend was almost gone, I was getting ready to enter VR again, when my house AI informed me that someone was at the door.

I got up from couch, and took off the VR rig. I didn't want anyone to know I had become such a pervert. I was unhappy about being disturbed, so I was feeling grumpy when I finally answered the door. The door slid up, revealing a plain-looking diminutive woman stood before me.

She was wearing a bright yellow sundress, which reminded me of something, but just couldn't put my finger on it. Coming barely up to my shoulders, with small tits, short blonde hair, and no makeup, she definitely wasn't my type. I didn't want to waste another second with her.

"Yes?" I said, abruptly.

She gave me a wink.

"Hello, Allie, you know me as Alan," she said.

My jaw dropped, and my eyes went wide with surprise. She evidently read my facial expression, and grimaced.

"Were you expecting to see Alan appear in the real world?" she said, pushing me aside.

She walked into my front room, as I just stood there, dumbfounded. The strange little woman flopped down on my couch, putting her feet on my glass coffee table. My surprise turned to irritation.

"Are you going to stand there all afternoon?" she said, smirking.

I slowly walked back into my front room, hearing the door automatically close behind me. Not sure what else to do, I went to my wet bar.

"Can I fix you a drink?" I said.

"I thought you would never ask. I will have whatever you're having," she replied.

Her high-pitched voice really through me. I was used hearing Alan's soothing deep bass tones. I tried to concentrate on mixing the drinks. I took both drinks over, handed her one, and sat across in my recliner chair. We were now facing each other, and shifted my weight uncomfortably in the chair, and took a long drink. She smiled at me.

"I have been searching for you in VR," I said, sounding more annoyed than I had intended.

"I have been taking a break from alternate realities," she said, thoughtfully.

"Why?" I inquired.

"Right to the point, that's what I have always like about you Allie," she said.

I was shocked to hear her use my VR name. I got up, and walked behind my chair, unconsciously attempting to put some distance between us.

"I think the time has come to take our relationship to next level," she said, staring right me, intently.

I took a quick sip of my drink. My mind raced, as I sought to figure out all the implications of that statement. She broadly grinned at me, which unsettled my nerves further.

"Allie, haven't you ever thought about what it would be like to fuck in meat space?" she said, grinning, mischievously.

In fact, I had never even considered that possibility until this moment. We had a real symbiosis in VR, as man and woman. Why would I want to spoil that by meeting her in the real world, especially given her rather dreary looks? Once again, she seemed to read my mind.

"I know you enjoy being dominated by me in VR. Why not try letting me do it here?" she said, using her free hand to indicate my living area.

I gulped hard. How could I possibly explain to her that in VR, I had been able to become someone else, something else? I did things there I would never dream of in the real life. She seemed to sense my inner turmoil.

"We are the same people in both places, you just have to give in," she said.

With that, she got up, and walked over to me. Not knowing what else to do, I stood there. She gently but firmly took my wrist, and led me back to my chair. Pushing on my chest, she shoved me into it. I sat back down, and looked at up her, wondering what she was up to. 

Her face was round and plain. With just a touch of modern cosmetic surgery, she could have been quite pretty. Few women these days went without such alterations. Somehow, the natural look fit her, and revealed her inner strength and determination.

I am over six-foot tall, with broad shoulders, a well-muscled torso, and a handsomely sculpted face. Although I could easily overpower her, something about her made me feel timid and weak. Maybe it was all those VR sessions, where she had dominated me as a man.

She took my rugged chin in her small hand, and tilted my face up, moving in close to me. She did have lovely blue eyes.

"If you are willing to trust me, as you did in VR, we can have some fun," she said, winking at me.

Growing up, I had always been the alpha male, dominating other guys, and seeking submissive women. I was comfortable taking the lead, driving home the point, so to speak. It had amazed me how easily I had shifted from pitcher to catcher in virtual reality. There must have always been a part of my macho persona that craved to give up control, and be taken roughly.

So, it felt natural in this real-world situation to defer to Alan...I mean her. I simply nodded my agreement. My heart raced, as she got up and went to the door. When it whisked open, she bent over and picked up a large blue bag near the entrance. She must have left there.

Without another word, she took my hand, and guided me to the bedroom. She pushed me onto the bed, and went into my bathroom. I laid there, wondering what she going to do.

"Get undressed, while I get ready," she said, from the bathroom.

I sat up, unbuckled my pants, with nervous fingers. I pulled them off, and removed my shirt and socks too, leaving on just my underwear. I was quite warm, and my face was likely red. I must be embarrassed!

I let my underwear drop around my ankles, and stepped out of them. My cock dangled between my muscular thighs. I laid back down, looking up at the ceiling.

I felt quite exposed. The light went out in the bathroom, leaving my bed room dark.

"Turnover on your stomach, and put your hands behind your back," she commanded.

Without thinking, I compiled. I heard her quietly walk behind me, and then felt the bed move, as she climbed on it. She pushed my legs apart, and crawled between them.

I tensed, as something cold snapped around my wrists. A metal clicking alerted me to that fact I had just been handcuffed.

"Wait just a second...what are you doing?" I said, trying to rollover.

However, with my wrists cuffed behind me, she easily kept me on my stomach.

"You agreed to trust me. Now, relax," she said.

She began prying open my ass cheeks with her fingers. I gasped.

"Stop! This is too weird!" I practically yelled.

"Either you fully submit to me, or I will leave right now," she said, firmly.

I hesitated. It had been months since I had seen him...err...her, and I really missed Alan. She took my silence for acquiescence. Her strong fingers worked open my tight anus, and she slide two inside me. I groaned, loudly, but otherwise kept still.

This was not at all what I had wanted, but it was better than losing her altogether. She managed to get three fingers inside me, and then began pumping. This felt so wrong, but so good too.

A large gob of cold lube went into me. I shivered, as the tip of something hard pressed against my sensitive anus. Abruptly, the dildo popped inside me. Like a virgin on her wedding night, I yelped. No one had ever been in my ass before.

I lay on my bed, face smashed into the mattress, gasping, as she shoved the large object up my ass. I managed to turn my head and glance at her behind me. She was wearing a strapon. He grinned back at me, and slid the long black dildo all the way inside me.

I bite my lip, as she began to pump me. She was surprisingly powerful in her strokes. Her small hands firmly gripped my hips, as she picked up speed and intensity.

This is not at all what I had imagined our next sexual encounter would be like. However, I had to admit that the strange combination of pain and pleasure was making my cock stiff.

If not for bed pinning it against me, my cock would have stood up like a rigid flagpole. I gasp between thrusts. For a tiny girl, she could deliver one hell of an ass pounding.

She leaned forward, grabbing the corners of mouth with both hands, and then yanked my head up, stretching my mouth wide. My eyes bulged, as drove that long thick dildo deep inside me. A part of me thought this was natural, in much the same way that as woman I had found it comfortable for Alan to nail me.

Her breathing became rapid, as she moved in and out of me. Just as I thought I couldn't take any more, she stopped and role me on my back. With my arms pinned behind me, she shoved my knees up to my chest, exposing my gapping asshole. Then, she went back to work fucking me.

I could see the strapon better now. It must have been 12 inches long! I groaned, as she drove it balls deep into my ass, repeatedly. She looked down at me, her face full of lust. Clearly, she was enjoying herself.

I was deeply aroused too. My cock was engorged, swaying back and forth. She reached down, and grabbed it, firmly. She began stroking me. I almost came after the fourth or fifth stroke, but fought down the urge. I was having too much fun, and didn't want it to end.

She suddenly stopped, and leaned over until her small pert tits pressed against my chest. the dildo was still buried in my ass. She lifted my head far enough to kiss me on the lips, her tongue probing my mouth. Our nostrils flared wide for air, as we kissed, passionately.

Her hand kept stroking my cock. Finally, I couldn't hold off any longer, and came. Just as sperm began squirting, she stopped stroking me, I groaned loudly in displeasure, as my body jerked about under her.

"Please don't stop!" I begged between gasps.

"You forgot to ask permission," she said, sounding upset.

"I'm sorry, but please, finish me off!" I pleaded.

She didn't say another word, but got up, leaving me flailing about on the bed, unable to satisfy myself. Apparently, she had unbuckled the strapon, as the dildo was still uncomfortably buried deep in my ass.

I watched her retrieve something else from the bag. My eyes grew wide, as I recognized the shape of riding crop!

"No fucking way!" I practically screamed.

However, before I knew it, she rolled me back on my tummy, leaving my naked ass fully exposed, with dildo sticking out of it. I tried to roll back over, but she easily kept me in place with just one hand. I moved about violently, trying to escape. She ignored my protests and movement, instead, focusing on swatting my tender ass cheeks with the riding crop. Fuck, it stung!

However, the humiliation and embarrassment of being whipped by her was worse than the pain. I desperately tried to escape to no avail. She rapidly whipped my ass. I could feel nasty welts forming.

I laid there, screaming threats, and begging her stop. Finally, I stopped moving, and just took the repeated strikes. Eventually, she finished.

My ass felt like it was on fire. Tears ran down my cheeks, as she rolled me on my back. I could not bring myself to look her in the eyes. I sniffled. 

"You must ask to come, or I will give you an even more painful whipping next time! Do you understand me?" she said.

I shook my head yes.

"Say it!" she commanded.

"I will ask to come," I said, feeling utterly humiliated and shamed.

A part of me wanted to kill her, another part reveled in being dominated by her. Suddenly, I realized that latter part belonged my feminine VR personality. She buckled up the strapon, and resumed pumping my sore ass. Each stroke made me groan, as her thighs slapped against the welts on my ass cheeks.

However, my cock grew hard again. She gripped it firmly, jerking me off. When I felt the urge to come, I fought it down, not wanting another whipping.

"Please...gasp...may I...gasp...come?" I begged.

"Only if you promise to swallow your own cum," she replied, with a wicked giggle.

"What the fuck? Gasp! Okay, anything. Just please, please, don't stop this time!" I begged, overcome with the need to release.

She stroked my cock even harder. Cum spurted out of me, dropping on my stomach, forming thick wads near my bellybutton. Once I had finished, she used her small soft hands to carefully scrap up the white sticky stuff. Then, she offered it to me.

I looked at her sheepishly, but she looked determined, so I began to lick up my own cum from her cupped hands. To my surprise, it didn't taste that bad. I quickly gulped it down, even licked her fingers clean, afterward.

"Good boy!" she exclaimed.

She patted me on the head like a child, making me both angry and happy. This whole situation was so fucking confusing!

She got up and left the room. After a few minutes, she returned with the VR rig. It had several connections, and she soon had them secured to both our heads. She laid next to me, so that we were both looking up at my ceiling. She softly stroked my cheek, then switched on the rig.

I closed my eyes, and woke up in what appeared to be an ancient Roman bathhouse. I could see my reflection in the calm water of the bath. I was once again a woman. This time, with long dark hair, and a short white dress, and large breasts, which almost fell out of the tight gown.

I heard a noise, and looked up to see Alan walk into the bath chamber. He was naked, and even more muscled than the last time I had seen him.

When he spotted me on the other side of the bath, he smiled. I attempted to get up and walk over to him. However, I fell flat on my face. I lay on there on the marble floor, looking back to see what tripped me up.

To my utter surprise, I saw a metal shackle around my left ankle. I was chained to the floor. Clearly, I was some kind of slave girl!

Alan slowly walked around the edge of the large pool, and knelt right next to me. He appeared amused by my situation, as his strong hands lifted me to my feet. For some reason, I blushed head-to-toe.

He reached between my legs, and shoved two rough large fingers inside my pussy. My eyes bulged, and I screamed. I tried to jump back, but he gripped my neck with one hand, and kept pumping me, hard.

My face contorted in a combination of agony and ecstasy, as he finger-banged me. His thrusts were so powerful that they literally lifted me off the ground, with each inward shove. My screams were stifled by his fingers around my throat.

As I clutched my large tits, trying to keep them from bouncing, I realized that in this ancient slave girl scenario, I would have no choice but to fully submit to whatever twisted, perverted, brutal thing he wanted to do me. That thought, coupled with his fingers, made me come. Shit, I had forgotten to ask permission!