 It'd been another in a series of long days...and the walk home wasn't much better. He hadn't seen Alicia in days, and so far nobody else seemed overly interested in going past the flirting point. This, plus his declining performance in the dueling rings made for a less than happy Psly. And here he was again, walking home, alone.

Psly called the house to turn on his hot tub, and it registered as already active. 'Must've forgotten to turn it off,' he thought to himself. He stuffed his hands in his pockets, thinking of missed opportunities yet again, and puffed on his cigarette while he walked. Psly hadn't expected that kind of a kiss from PJ, that was for sure, and the fact that she wasn't walking home with him made Psly a little testy to boot. He'd had plans for that lusty little Latina beauty. But her new association with Max put a stop to that . . .

But Psly didn't know that he had some very pleasant company waiting. Michelle Lightner, formerly of Sydney, Australia. Five foot ten, very well built, and a natural strawberry blonde. They'd met some time before - in the dueling rings, no less - and both were more than slightly intrigued with each other. Like minds did tend to attract each other, after all...

Michelle thought it'd been a long day for her and didn't see anything wrong with borrowing Psly's hot tub for a bit of a soak to relieve some tension. Psly had been so kind as to offer her the use of it; though she knew what he'd been thinking when he did so. She didn't think he'd mind, especially since she'd been so kind as to follow his "no-suit" regulations. She'd been enjoying the heat from it for a while when there was a quiet beeping from the control panel. A wry smile crossed her face as Michelle remembered Psly usually turned the tub on via remote on his way home. 

Maybe, she'd take him up on his unspoken offer, "Well then, here's to hoping he's alone tonight. . .I'm in a right mood for elf." Michelle quickly hid behind the tub, still completely and comfortably nude, and waited for Psly to get home.

Psly wasn't taking too much time with this stroll home; it resembled more of a brisk walk. Between his work at Bella Sera's Salon, his motorcycle business, and this new Keeper responsibility, he was banked. In his mind, the hot tub beckoned and his warm bed was inviting. Psly opened the front door to his barn-style house and took a quick look around. It seemed lately that he was never here anymore . . .

As per his usual routine, Psly tossed his jacket on the couch while shedding the rest of his clothes on the way to the tub. He never bothered with a suit when he didn't think he'd have company, or sometimes even when he did. When one had the body like he did, it was - so he'd been reliably informed - criminal to keep it under wraps. Perhaps, he mused that why so many women felt the need to rip his clothes off on a regular basis, not that he had a problem with that, he smilingly concluded. 

Quickly mixing himself a mug of whatever was available to drink, he took it and his cigarettes to the tub, settling in with a heavy sigh. The tub itself was large, being the aboveground, eight-person capacity type. Psly thought he was dreaming when a soft hand trailed across his chest, but the voice in his ear let him know it was reality and not one of his x-rated fantasies that often got started when he was in the tub. 

"Good to see you mate. Better to see you by your lonesome. Right, lay back, an' get ready for a real ripper time . . ." Michelle's voice was playful in his ear, as Psly opened his eyes to identify the source.

Michelle slipped effortlessly into the tub next to him; one hand trailing down below the waterline to wrap around what was rapidly becoming very stiff. Psly moaned involuntarily, and started to reach for her, getting ready to use his fingers on the strawberry blonde's nicely curved, well rounded frame, when her firm tone saw his hands fall back to the side of the tub. Her "Leave off the toys, cobber. We're playing this one my way, " told Psly how the game would be played out tonight. Michelle confirmed his assumption with her continued toying with his cock under the water, playfully nipping behind his ear and generally teasing him mercilessly. 

Psly's night was definitely on the upswing now. Unexpected intruders were one thing, and generally they weren't interested in offering this kind of unexpected stress relief. He leaned back against the tub, content to enjoy the moment and incredible sensations. 

It was having a rather pleasant effect on Michelle, being in control like this. In one deft move, she tossed her leg over and straddled his lap, and began a new level of teasing as she rubbed herself along his shaft while trailing her fingers along his arms and chest. A playful growl escaped Psly's lips as she felt herself growing warmer and slicker as she slid along his rigid shaft. One last slow trip up, her breasts shedding the warm water, and Michelle took him inside her, throwing her head back and moaning softly, a look of deep satisfaction on her face. She started off slowly, taking him deeper and deeper with each smooth stroke. 

'Yes', Michelle thought, 'this is how I like it. In control, in the driver's seat.' Her breath caught in her throat as she felt the heat inside her reach a boiling point. The bubbling waters swirled around her as her hips rotated faster and faster on top of him. She arched her back, and Psly took advantage of her momentary distraction to lean down and take one of her breasts into his mouth, nipping lightly on the nub. Michelle's breath came sharply as she went over the edge, exploding around him, quivering with the release. She jumped and shuddered, looked down at him again with a playful expression, then much to his surprise, stood up and slipped off of his still erect member. 

"Bad boy, mate. Told you to stay put, didn't I? Now you're going to have to be punished." The stern look on her face didn't quite reach her eyes, her natural playfulness couldn't help shining through, but he could see that she still meant business. . 

With a pained expression to join his painful erection, Psly allowed Michelle to lead him up to his room, where she put him in a chair and tied his hands behind him. Neither one had made use of the towels, nor puddles trailed from the tub to his room. She knew he could use those muscles of his to break whatever bonds she put on his wrists, but she thought for sure he'd just go along with her game for now. She gathered up her clothing, dried herself off, and got dressed, slowly, smiling at him. 

"'M going back out for a bit, mate. Be a good boy, stay right there, an' you might jus' get a reward for your troubling." Michelle looked at Psly playfully, twirling a lock of hair around her finger, and then she calmly walked out of the room, hopped on her bike, and roared off into the night.

Sitting patiently wasn't anything new to Psly. Sitting patiently while tied to a chair, naked, was. But his curiosity kept him right where he was. It felt like hours (though his chrono kept insisting it was just a few minutes) before Psly heard her return, humming to herself as she puttered around in the rooms downstairs, and generally making him itch with the frustration of it all. He knew what he was tied with wouldn't hold if he put any sort of strain on it, but the thought that she might take off if he did so was a much more effective bond. He was just about horny enough to put up with anything at this point.

Downstairs 'This is soooo good', Michelle thought. 'Got him right where I want him for as long as I want him to be there.' 

She even went so far as to take another soak in the tub, ideas on what she'd do to him flitting around in her mind. Michelle caught her own hands roaming over her body as she toyed with all the ideas. Chuckling softly to herself, she leisurely took even more time to work herself to a barely controlled frenzy, biting her lip to keep from letting Psly know what she was doing, then figuring that would torture him even more if he did know. Feeling inspired, Michelle made sure her pleasure was well known to anyone within earshot after that.

And hear her Psly did. . ."Thaht's jus' sooo fraggin' wrong. . ." he muttered to himself. His hair was just now beginning to dry out, and frustration was rapidly overtaking his sense of fair play. He was mere moments away from tearing off the silk binding him to the chair and giving her a good tongue lashing. . in more ways than one ... Just as Psly was about to lose his battle with patience, Michelle appeared in the doorway to his room, having taken the time to dress again. 

"I see you were right patient this time, cobber. Good for you." Michelle said, as she walked slowly behind Psly, trailing her fingers across his shoulders, noting that he'd apparently stayed ready and hard for whatever she wanted to do to him. Then she went around to the front of him, bent down, and laid a gentle kiss on Psly's lips. 

Backing up slowly, Michelle started undressing seductively, taking her time about peeling each layer of clothing off of herself, until she was down to what she called underwear. Most would call it spangles and floss, but Michelle didn't care what most people thought. Underwear in and of itself was a rarity for her. 

Michelle sauntered back over to Psly, trailing her fingers along his skin, turning around and leaning back, rubbing up against him. She was enjoying this entirely too much, but she was just having too much damn fun to stop. Reaching behind Psly, Michelle rubbed her breasts against his chest, and untied his wrists. "Now behave yourself, or all your going to see 'o me is me behind on walkabout."

Michelle led Psly over to the bed and laid down on it, removing what little she still had on. "Right, mate. No toys, but start with rubbing me down." Grinning at him again, she turned over to let him start. Michelle knew all about his job at the salon, and quite a bit about his toys. Word spread quickly around this town.

Psly started off slowly, trailing his fingers up and down Michelle's body, leaving the pads off for once, as she shivered slightly. A slight moan escaped her lips as he began with the shoulders, and it only increased as he ventured down her spine. Psly was just about to start on her legs and feet when Michelle interrupted him with a growl.

"To hell wit' it, mate. Jus' fuck me. Good an' hard." Michelle gasped as Psly shifted position between her knees and grabbed her by the hips, pulling her up to him. Sinking to the hilt in one stroke, Psly let out a small growl as Michelle yipped and her muscles twitched along his shaft. Starting in on a steady rhythm of deep, slow strokes, he reached around to happily give some attention to her breasts, slightly pinching the nipples between his fingers and thumbs. A low, guttural sound emanated from her, and Michelle screamed at him. 

"I said hard, you blighter! Give it to me!" Michelle was done with playing. She liked it hard, she liked it fast, she even liked it a little rough. From what she'd heard, Psly had never failed in his apparent duty to please every woman he came into contact with. Michelle wasn't about to let Psly get a black mark on his record, and cursed like a sailor as she told him how to fuck her the way she needed.

Psly grinned a little, and gave it to Michelle all right. Shifting quickly, he got a tighter grip on her hips and started driving into her, panting at each sound of skin meeting skin. 

Her breathing became shallower, quicker, more ragged. "That's it! Don't stop! Don't you dare stop!" They began almost grunting in rhythm, and then Michelle moved Psly's hands and slipped out from under him, flipping quickly onto her back. Wrapping her legs around his waist, she pulled him to her. Again, he sank in deep, and a louder moan escaped from her throat. "Fast an' hard! Jus' fuck me, now, you sonuvabitch!" Grinning, Psly did as she wished. Michelle's screams of delight and ecstasy echoed throughout the garage and into the night.

Michelle never quite figured out where one wave stopped and another began, but it all reached a crescendo as Psly bellowed out his own release and collapsed beside her, ragged and spent. The both of them were panting for breath, as Psly rolled over, eyes glassy. After a moment, Michelle sat up and looked at him, flipping her hair out of her eyes and smirking. 

"Out of ammo already? I's jus' getting right warmed up . . ." Michelle reached over and began toying with Psly's penis again, then sat on top of him as it began to react and swell to her touch. Shuddering out a sigh, she once again slipped his rod inside her channel, rocking back and forth slowly, but steadily. 'This time', she thought, 'I'm in total control of this blighter ... ' Michelle reached down and picked up Psly's hands, placing them on her breasts, and squeezed, mewling again. Looking down at his face, she noticed his eyes starting to come back to clarity and lose that glazed, "out to lunch" expression. 

Psly wasn't even about to complain as he came down from his high. He took up the kneading of his own accord, and Michelle leaned back, placing her hands on his hips for support. Taking his thumbs and swirling around her nipples, Psly was rewarded by little gasps of delight from her. Pleased with Michelle's reaction, he raised his legs and put both feet flat on the mattress, pushing his ass off the sheets. From there, Psly rotated his hips, slowly pistoning in and out of her dripping cunt once more.

Michelle threw her head back and yipped, doubling the movements of her hips on his as she felt the wave cresting again, and howled as it took her over. She leaned into his grasp, raking her nails down his chest, as wave after wave overtook her. Taking one of Psly's hands and placing it so that one of his fingers and his thumb were on either side of her clit, Michelle pinched them together and said "Now! Turn 'em on, now!". 

Psly knew he'd put those suckers in for good reason. Almost no woman who ever found out about them could resist once they'd been used on her. Michelle was about to find out why. Another grin, and Psly kicked those pads straight to "Gott in Heimel!"(1).

Michelle kept her fingers on Psly's, pinching them harder, as she bellowed some herself, the fingers feeling like a live wire of intensity shooting from her toes all the way up her spine. Her hoarse moaning reaching a fever pitch as the pads kept her in a continuously climbing state of orgasm. She writhed on top of Psly, pinching the fingers even harder, as she felt the vibrations shifting to "Pulse". Michelle started jerking in time with the pulsing, raspy grunts tearing out of her throat with each motion.

Psly, meanwhile, was getting drenched, and not just from sweat. Michelle's juices were flowing freely from around his erection, saturating his groin and hips and soaking into his bed. Feeling that fire building up in himself, he grabbed Michelle's waist with his other hand and resumed thrusting up into her. She was past comprehension at this point, and when Psly erupted, Michelle collapsed on top of him again, tossing his hand to the side with a final scream. They were both panting heavily, falling asleep before his erection softened enough to slip out of her. 

It took until near dawn before Michelle was able to muster the energy to move. "Good boy," she said hoarsely, "Might be coming back for more of that one 'o these days." Slowly gathering her clothing and dressing, she left Psly's unconscious form on the bed and rode off into the brightening morning to find her room and sleep for a while.

Psly found the note sitting near his coffeepot when he finally made it to the kitchen that afternoon. It took him quite a lot of blinking before he could convince his eyes to focus on comprehending Michelle's handwriting. 

"Psly,

Had a few things to take care of early. Keep doing me a favor, and leave your doors unlocked. You never know when I might need that craving for elf satisfied again."

Michelle.

(1) God in heaven, for those who don't sprechen ze Deutch.