 "Well now," Psly chuckled, "Ain't this cozy. . ." The room itself wasn't much to look at. It was just a large bed, a tiny bathroom off to the side, a single battered TV set, and a stained window covered by tacky brown shades. In fact, his attention was quickly drawn to the only good thing to be seen. Michelle was sitting on the bed, smiling coyly at him, dressed in a short leather skirt, black kerchief top, and black boots. Her strawberry blonde hair was artistically draped over her shoulder as she twirled a lock of it in her hand. "How nice of you to call me here, toots."

"Right nice of you to get here so quick, mate. I like it when I ain't waiting for my fun." Laughter and mischief danced in Michelle's eyes as she talked. "Hope you didn't have any plans tonight, cobber." She stood up slowly, and saucily walked over to him. One arm snaking around his neck, the other sliding softly over the crotch of his jeans. "'Cause tonight, you're..." She trailed off, her eyes widening as she felt something long and sinuous climbing her leg. Michelle had enough time to register Psly's grin and get a look at the cable easing out from his arm before that little hand at the end of it reached her sex. Her breath caught in her throat as he began undressing her slowly, taking his sweet time about it while she was distracted by pleasure. 

"No, querida. T'night, Ah believe that you, are all mine." Psly's plan had started to form the instant Michelle had called his cell phone. A quick stop at the store later, and here he was, watching her tremble with excitement. Psly had never shown Michelle the device in his arm, and therefore knew she had no earthly idea what he could do with it. 

Psly left her boots on and smiled as Michelle stood there, eyelids fluttering as she moaned and panted for breath, the end of the cybergrapple flicking over and around her already engorged clit. He eased her back to the bed, laying her down, then replaced the surprise attack with a full oral assault on her mound, his tongue spearing deep into her channel and swirling around her clit. Psly threw off his jacket and ripped the t-shirt from his chest as Michelle bucked and pitched under his ministrations. Once again, the cable snaked its way over her body, but Michelle was too lost in Psly's foreplay to do anything about it. Psly stopped his tongue and lifted his face to smile at her as she glared at him.

"You ready for some fun?" Psly asked, as the cable slowly drew taught, and Michelle found herself bound in a spread eagle position on the bed, bound at her wrists and ankles. "You're in a right cheeky mood tonight . . ." Michelle purred, as she looked down and noticed the bud at the end of the cable poised between her open thighs like a cobra waiting to strike. Michelle saw Psly grin down at her again, then barely noticed him grabbing something out of his jacket as the miniature hand eased forward and slipped inside of her. 

Michelle gasped and moaned as it began moving back and forth within her, expanding slightly with each motion. As it assumed the size of a small child's fist, she thrashed against her bonds, emitting short, sharp yips of pleasure at every movement of the device. Michelle's excitement quickly manifested in the form of a trail of moisture, flowing from her sex down to the sheet. She felt movement on the bed, and a tongue fluttered over her nub while the small fist moved inside her. Arching her back against this new onslaught of sensation, she whimpered when both his tongue and the apparatus went still and slipped from her.

Michelle gasped again, this time in surprise as the cables writhed, flipping her over onto her stomach and positioning her so her knees were bent and her legs splayed wide. It wasn't an uncomfortable position, but she knew her ass was sticking straight up as the cables tightened once more, holding her in place before she had time to blink. Michelle shivered with anticipation as she felt a finger trail slowly up and down her slit. When it stopped again, she growled and tried to wiggle so that she could see Psly. "Enough teasing, you blighter. You know I can't staaaoooOOOOOOHHH GOOOODDD!!!" Michelle yelled as the small fist entered her again while Psly's fingers found her clit and pinched on full vibrate. She screamed again as another of those buzzing fingers slipped inside her, pushing against her inner button, and her awareness quickly centered on the sensations she was receiving. Michelle thrashed and writhed, as her orgasms seemed to explode in twos and threes, her wetness pouring out over a good portion of both of their legs, his hand, and the bed in the process.

Psly turned off the pads, leaving his fingers where they were, and grinned down at Michelle. "You like thaht? Thaht what you wanted?" The minuscule fist paused as well while she gasped for breath. A loud growl ripped from her throat as the device slipped out of her again. Michelle was turning her head to spew off a few choice curses when Psly sank his erection into her, and all she could do was shriek in ecstasy. Psly thrust deeply into her dripping slit a few times, then held still again as he reached over to grab the bottle he left on the bed.

Michelle whimpered and tried to wiggle against him to make him start back up again. She heard a slight pop, and shivered as she felt something liquid flow down the crack of her ass, and she squealed and shivered with excitement. Michelle felt a finger push on her rosebud, moving slightly to work in the oil, and shuddered as that finger began to vibrate. A hand reached down underneath her and began toying with her swollen clit again. 

Michelle pushed back against Psly, as the finger slid inside her sphincter and wiggled slightly. She kept pushing back against him, moaning as another finger joined the first one, working the oil into her as her anal ring spread wider, then a third slipped in. Michelle pumped and bucked on Psly's crotch, sharp cries of desire filling the room. She whimpered again, as he withdrew everything from her, and froze as Psly's stiffness touched her pucker. 

"You want thaht?" Psly asked, grinning again.

As an answer, Michelle pushed back against him hard and fast, her anus spreading wide to engulf his erection, and snarled "Now!!" He just smiled, as the mini hand took up where it left off, entering Michelle's soaked pussy again as Psly gripped her hips firmly and began a steady rhythm of thrusting. Psly alternated the thrusts with the motions of the device as Michelle began howling again. 

Psly kept it at a slow pace, both to keep himself from going off to quickly and to get the most out of her, as Michelle slammed back into him. She was uttering sharp moans with each slow motion, and when he popped her lightly on the cheek with the palm of his hand, Michelle shivered and gasped. Psly swatted her ass again, and Michelle quivered around him. He slowed again; reaching underneath her with one hand while the other came back for another swat. Pausing for just a moment, Psly grinned as Michelle howled, an almost frustrated tone in her voice. 

Then, the pads turned on and fingers pinched Michelle's clit, she felt his shaft slide deep inside her anus, and heard a sharp crack as Psly's hand impacted on her ass. The mini hand took up its task at the same instant, and Michelle cried out, a long undulating wail that gained in both intensity and pitch, ending in a shriek reminiscent of a train whistle. Her whole body rippled, the movement centering on the muscles in her rectum and vagina.

The force of Michelle's climax sent Psly over the brink as well, and he exploded deep within her bowels. He collapsed to the side then, the cable slackening and retracting into his arm slowly as they both fought for breath. Psly smiled as he saw Michelle's glazed-over expression, and simply pulled her close to him before drifting into a doze himself, one last thought forming words that escaped his lips in a hoarse whisper. 

"Payback's a stone cold slitch, querida, but fun nonetheless, neh?"