 Note: When writing this I had a celeb TV reporter in the NYC market in mind but since I'd guess her tits are 'B' cups it would have demeaned her to describe her as flat. As a result my leading lady is technically a fictional person (I'm still thinking of the real one).

*****

Candace sat in her bedroom feeling her soft breasts through her thin nightgown. She wasn't masturbating – not even thinking about it. It was more of an exploratory feel to go with her thoughts about what she viewed as a new life. Her breasts were incredibly soft. They felt sensuous and sexy- even to her as a heterosexual woman. She smiled as she visualized how any man's arousal would spike from feeling her up.

She reflected on how for years she'd often introduced herself, "I'm Candace Smith- not Candy, please." She wondered if with tits she'd now be Candy. Her mind wasn't any different but if you look like a bimbo you probably get called Candy. On a slim body there's a world of difference between 32A and 34D

She felt she didn't look like a bimbo but was concerned she might be getting close. She wondered if her body would continue to change of if the morphing of the past two months had ended. The changes had been so slow and subtle; only time would reveal her future. She might evolve into Candace- the shapely but serious well known television journalist or- if she went up another cup size- she'd probably be Candy- the bodacious weather girl in Wichita or some other small TV market.

Candace had recently moved up from TV news reporter to substitute co-anchor on the evening news in a prestigious big city TV market. She liked to think she was good at her job but she wasn't naïve. Most of her success had always been based on her looks and she was sure her recent promotion was no exception. With tits she might well be a star on TV; without them she might come close but her career would depend on some big story or other chance.

Thinking back she'd always looked good but in a different way. She was a track star in high school and college and spent time on the beauty contest circuit. Her face and long blonde hair coupled with being tall and slender were key elements to her look.

She was in her 30s now and until the last month or two she'd maintained the same body. From her beauty pageant days she knew how to showcase herself so her looks and poise gave her a good start in TV news. Of course, she was one among many pretty faces and trim bodies competing in one of the most competitive fields for young women.

Over the past few months things had been changing.

It was hard to pin down the time line but there were certain encounters that she couldn't ignore.

About three months ago she had been assigned a story on which to do research and then some on-camera interviews. The story looked like a human interest fluff piece since it was focused on the new billionaire in town who also happened to be the most eligible bachelor. He was Steve Fish, CEO of Vee-Imaging which had moved to a large office building in town less than a year ago. Mr. Fish was frequently seen on the charity dinner circuit with a glamorous date nearby- always a fresh face with no apparent relationship beyond being eye candy for the evening. The society pages of the newspaper always seemed to capture the handsome man as he was entering or leaving his Maybach with a model-like beauty on his arm.

The company was also mysteriously appealing since it was known as a high tech government contractor but no one knew what products it produced or services it rendered. Reviewing its website or calling its public relations office yielded little real information beyond statements about research that was classified and/or top secret.

Candace's first interview was with a VP who was very polite but wouldn't share much company information beyond what was already published. All that she learned was that the headquarters building contained several labs and that the research done was for various agencies including the Defense Department and Homeland Security. The term 'facial recognition' was used as an example of something 'akin' to some of their research but it was emphasized that that term was used loosely and merely as an example that outsiders could understand. As to Mr. Fish, Candace was told simply that he was unmarried. His personal life was personal.

The only positive aspect of the interview was being told her interest would be relayed to Mr. Fish who might be willing to speak with her directly but no assurances of that could be made as he had an incredibly busy travel schedule. Candace didn't expect to ever hear from him.

To her surprise she received a call from an assistant to Mr. Fish a few days later and was able to schedule an interview with him at his office two days after that. While most of the interview would be off camera Candace was allowed to schedule a quick video spot in the building's lobby before the actual interview. It was made clear the photographer wouldn't be admitted beyond the lobby and should leave after filming the initial greeting. Candace agreed and arranged for the photographer to wait on the street where she'd do an on camera closing segment summarizing a bit of whatever she'd learned.

Candace felt like a student reporter for her school newspaper as she prepared for her big interview. She had significant interview experience but most was with local parents, council members, and people on the street- not billionaires responsible for secretive government research. She wanted to be taken seriously and not be treated like a smile and a body which she knew was the way many men viewed her. On the other hand, she was proud of her looks and wasn't about to try to look dowdy or ugly.

She was nervous but easily got through the on camera segment. It was just a hand shake and a question or two followed by a 15 second monologue about the company by Mr. Fish. He was essentially rehashing the general statements set forth on their website.

Mr. Fish and his assistant then escorted Candace to the building's initial security screening room. They by passed the process using fingerprint scans but she had to pass through a body scan machine similar to that at an airport. It wasn't the old fashioned metal detector; rather it was the phone booth style machine that you stand in with your arms raised while your body is scanned. This seemed a bit much but she was excited to have been invited inside so she certainly wasn't going to complain.

Mr. Fish and Candace sat in his enormous private office. He was pleasant and she started to relax as the small talk evolved into questions about her college, her early work history and her recent assignments. Coffee was served and their exchange continued until Candace realized that many more questions had been put to her than to the subject of the interview. She steeled herself and attempted to change course.

She was mildly successful in learning about Mr. Fish's background and recent social appearances. This included some discussion of the charities he supported. While this gave some personal sense of the man there weren't many facts. He made it clear that he didn't have a wife or girlfriend and wasn't looking for one. His work schedule and his personal obsession with being involved with his company made serious personal relationships impossible. Questions about the company were answered with press release content. There really weren't many new facts for her story. She was getting politely stonewalled.

It came as a total surprise when Mr. Fish invited her to see one of their labs. She was finally going to learn something new. He cautioned that this tour would require execution of a confidentiality agreement and another pass through security. Candace read the agreement quickly. She had to agree not to describe any aspect of anything she saw without first clearing it with Mr. Fish's office. This was highly unusual but she couldn't refuse.

They exited the office and she was directed to a new room containing a very large scanning machine and two staff members in lab coats. The room was a good size but it was dominated by the machine that looked twice as complex as the one at the building's entrance. The booth wasn't any larger than usual but the accompanying metal box-like machine suggested this scanner must have thousands more circuits and data processing units. It seemed much too sophisticated to assure she wasn't smuggling in a hidden bomb or camera. Nonetheless, Candace entered the booth and dutifully stood on the painted shoe prints. 

She could almost feel the scan wash over her as she was instructed to stand perfectly still for 5 seconds. It was a little creepy to visualize how detailed an image some technician was getting of her body. There had been widespread privacy complaints about the airport scanners when they'd first been introduced. Many women were freaked out by the thought that a technician was essentially seeing them naked. Candace hadn't shared their outrage. She'd been willing to trade privacy for better airport security. Here she was just giving up her privacy for what might be a 2 minute TV news story.

Mr. Fish stood to the side and assured her the scan was safe and all images were carefully stored. His casual demeanor put her at ease and she started to feel as if she was finally going to get something to use could use in her story. They moved into a corridor which then seemed to open up into a wide bridge with glass on both sides as it passed over a brightly lit lab below. Candace quickly searched the expanse below. It looked like an active research lab should look. There were numerous men and women in lab coats moving about and some others seated at computer screens. Lots of stainless steel cabinetry and some refrigeration units lined one wall. Electronic microscopes of varying sizes dominated two tables in one area. 

Mr. Fish was obviously proud of the lab and happy to speak of the 48 employees- virtually all with at least one Master's Degree and several with a PhD. or MD. When Candace tried to get some idea of what the workers were doing or what their goal was she got nothing more than evasive answers. He said, "I'm sorry I can't answer your questions. One can't really describe research since you don't know where you're going until you get there. Obviously, in our fields once you find something it can't be discussed for security reasons."

Candace smiled weakly. She even noted that every computer screen was oriented away from the observation bridge and doubted that had happened by chance. Perhaps the absolute secrecy of the place could be the meat of her story but she doubted the company would approve that theme.

After a minute or two standing above the lab they crossed the bridge and continued down a corridor which ended in a small cylindrical look- out over a second lab. The space into which Candace stepped was a half circle with a diameter of about 2 feet making the space somewhat claustrophobic. It was made of metal with curved windows about 18 inches tall which started about shoulder height and extended upward. The overlook jutted out from the wall which provided a 180 degree view of the lab. Candace was invited to move right up to the windows to get a better look while Mr. Fish looked out a separate flat window in the wall nearby. Candace almost had the sense that the look-out was another scanner but concluded she was being paranoid. 

Mr. Fish pointed out obvious scanning machines and an MRI in the lab below. He explained in simple terms that this lab focused on human anatomy but apologized that he couldn't say more. Candace was frustrated by his evasiveness but tried to look interested in the hope that any minute she might learn something.

They were soon done with the tour. Candace was puzzled at having to go through the lab's body scan again as she exited but didn't object. Mr. Fish warned her that she'd see a blue light during this scan but that she shouldn't be alarmed; it was perfectly normal and safe. She guessed it was intended to catch anyone who might be trying to steal a thumb drive or other secret data. 

Mr. Fish walked her out to the lobby and casually asked if she'd accompany him to a charity dinner that weekend. Candace was sorely tempted but had to decline since he was the subject of her story. He said he understood and suggested that perhaps after the story aired and some time had passed they could get together socially. She was non-committal but inwardly quite intrigued. She'd never dated a billionaire and could imagine seeing her picture in the society pages.

Out on the street, Candace hesitated but then dismissed the photographer saying she had nothing new to say and the story might be a bust.

That evening she made a real effort to outline a story she could submit to her producer. There just wasn't enough. In the morning she told her boss that there was no story and he assigned her to something else. She all but forgot about her fruitless visit to Vee- Imaging.

Life went on. About two weeks later Candace was in the shower. As she washed her upper body she'd been startled by how full her chest felt. Instead of mounds her tits seemed to be bulging. If she bent over they actually seemed to hang like larger breasts did all the time. She thought back to how over the past week or so she'd thought her mounds had a little more flesh to them but had dismissed it as due to her period. Now there was no doubt. Her breasts had grown. They were still on the small side but they had a mass to them. She caressed them with pride and stayed in the shower for a long time.

Following her shower she decided to buy some new bras. The ones she had been wearing hadn't seemed to fit right lately but it never occurred to her that her breasts might have grown. She went to a boutique lingerie store since she'd heard that most women wore the wrong size bra. In the past her tiny tits were easy to fit- she wore an A cup size designed more for nipple coverage than breast support as there was no flesh in need of support. Buying a bra was always a painful reminder of her flat chest.

She was pleased by the shop owner's interest in fitting her well. The fitting was uncomfortably intimate but the woman seemed to know her business and was very professional. Candace was somewhat surprised when the woman advised that depending on the brand she needed a 32B or 34B bra instead of the 32A she'd worn since high school. Candace laughed to herself on the way home that she finally had tits. They weren't big but they were definitely bigger and more distinct than the soft mounds that she'd lived with for 15 years. Candace also remembered however that in the morning her scale had said she'd gained two pounds. Her small tits couldn't weigh that much. She resolved to spend extra time at the gym.

At the end of that week Candace had gained another pound and started to worry about her health. She scheduled an appointment with her OB-GYN since in addition to the weight gain she sensed her tits might have grown some more. Her new bras still fit well but seemed a little snug.

Candace had a date the following Friday with a guy she hadn't seen in a month. He was also a TV journalist and had been on assignment in the Far East. As she got dressed for her dinner date Candace visualized how surprised her date, Bill, would be if they went to bed after dinner. They'd been intimate before his trip so she assumed he'd remember her small tits and be pleasantly surprised by her new ones.

He apparently noticed her chest long before she expected. She watched him staring at her chest throughout dinner and by dessert he commented, "I don't want to be a sexist pig but are you wearing a padded bra? You didn't get your tits enhanced did you? Your chest looks much bigger than I remember."

Candace responded, "We haven't been out together for four or five weeks. No, I didn't have surgery and I'm certainly not wearing a padded bra. I can't explain it but yes, my breasts have grown bigger. If you're not a pig I may let you explore after dinner."

"Wow," he said. "Can we skip dessert and go to my place so I can explore?"

Candace told him he was bordering on piggish but yes, she'd indulge him since she wanted his opinion on whether there seemed to be any other changes to her body. She explained that she'd gained a couple of pounds and was sure it wasn't all in her chest.

At his apartment Bill had her dress and bra off in seconds. His hands and mouth devoured her new tits to their mutual enjoyment. He said that her tits felt fantastic and he assured her that if she'd gained any weight it was either in her tits or her ass which also felt incredibly good to him. Candace hadn't wanted to admit it but she'd thought her ass had a new sexier roundness. It was as if her teen body had just reached womanly shape.

The couple had a great evening of sex. Candace enjoyed a good orgasm and also loved Bill's affirmation of how great she looked and felt to him. She expressed her concerns about why her body had changed but Bill blew off the issue and said she should just enjoy the results. He certainly had. Within minutes of their sex acts being concluded Candace was on her way home. They'd both been satisfied sexually but she was far from content. Bill's excitement had simply confirmed how her body had changed; her mind hadn't exaggerated the changes. They were real and they were significant.

Each morning after that Candace would examine her naked body in the mirror and fondle her tits as if weighing them. She had the sense that her breasts and ass were still expanding but the daily change was so slight that she assumed it might just be her imagination. Her clothes seemed to be tighter but again that was subjective. The zippers still closed.

By the end of another two weeks some of the zippers didn't close. Candace felt the need to stop in at the lingerie boutique again. Her tits had grown. She had a real woman's breasts with a distinct shape that hung on her body as separate organs and felt incredibly soft. The woman at the bra shop fitted her as a 34C. The cup was a little loose but her breasts were definitely too big for the B cup she'd bought just a month earlier. For the first time Candace enjoyed the experience of buying bras. She bought several with the upbeat feeling that for the first time she had breasts worthy of being displayed in fine satin and lace. She'd no longer feel less attractive naked than clothed; she had the goods that most men craved. 

She didn't understand the change in her body but some of her tight tops would barely zip and others were noticeably tighter. Her co-workers and her boss all seemed to be paying much more attention to her body than they had before. Men on the street were staring at upper body and smiling. On the one hand she loved being the center of their attention but on the other she wondered if she was ill. She doubled her gym time since she knew her career depended on her maintaining a tight body.

A visit to her OB-GYN and a blood test confirmed that she wasn't pregnant and didn't have any identifiable disease. The doctor was as puzzled as Candace as to the cause of her weight gain and increased breast size but wasn't worried. She scheduled some additional tests over the ensuing weeks to rule out some remote possibilities.

Candace bought some new clothes and tried to enjoy her new body. She thought the C cup bras now fit perfectly; she no longer felt she was pretending to be a C cup which the little puckers of fabric had suggested to her despite the fitter saying 34C was right for her. She'd never felt as sexy.

Being flat chested or nearly so had be the way she'd grown up. She was an athlete- they generally didn't have big tits. After college she was the slender young woman with the face pretty enough to get noticed. Big tits weren't needed. She'd accepted her lack of tits but there had always been a part of her brain that envied the other women who got more lusty looks than she did and could do justice to a low cut dress. When she'd worn such a dress she always felt she owed her date and the dress designer an apology for not filling the neckline with cleavage.
