 Recap: Candace Smith, 30s, was a sexy attractive TV news journalist with a slim athletic body. She had been assigned to interview Steve Fish, the wealthy bachelor CEO of Vee- Imaging. The company was a high tech government contractor which was obsessively secretive about its work. Later she started dating Steve. On each visit to the company she had to go through double security scanners- both on entry and exit. They were like the booth style ones at the airport but seemingly much more sophisticated. 

Over several months Candace's breasts grew from A cups to D cups and her ass became fleshier. She couldn't determine the cause but was enjoying her new body and the extra air time she suspected it was bringing her. She was concerned, however, that her tits were still growing and would soon be too big for her television news career. 

During her last date with Steve She became suspicious that Steve might have secretly transformed her. She confronted him at the end of the date telling him of her fear that her tits would soon be too big for a serious TV news woman and of her suspicions about his company's scanners but he wouldn't admit anything.

Steve called several times over the next three weeks but Candace didn't take his calls. She couldn't be sure whether or not he was guilty of violating her body with some secret scanning machine and couldn't be with him or even talk civilly while the doubts persisted. If such technology existed she hoped that he'd turned off his body modification on her last date when she'd gone through his scanners. She'd be thankful if her breast growth stopped but all the more sure that he was responsible. Only time would tell. The Vee-Imaging scanners were the only logical explanation for her body's changes. She didn't want Steve to be responsible but he seemed to be the likely culprit.

She studied her breasts every day after her date with Steve for any indication that they'd stopped growing. The daily changes, if any, were too small to notice so in addition to fruitless every day visual and tactile exams she tried to evaluate her tits on a week to week basis. She made a conscious decision not to measure herself with a tape since getting accurate measurements was difficult. Pulling the tape a little tighter or lining it up differently could result in misleading data. It was the mass of her breasts that she felt was the best measure and that was difficult to gauge except by bra size. In most bra brands she'd been a 34D at the time of her last date with the cups comfortably full. That was her standard. She selected a good fitting bra and set it aside as her measuring tool. Every Friday morning she'd put on the same bra, stand in front of her bedroom mirror and do her best to compare how the cups fit when compared to her memory of the prior week's fit.

At the one week mark she thought her tits might be still growing as her bra seemed slightly tighter but if there was a difference it was very slight. After two weeks it seemed that perhaps her growth had stopped as the bra seemed to fit as it had. On the third Friday Candace was looking forward to her bra test as she had the general feeling that the growth had stopped and felt the bra test would confirm it.

In fact, the test produced confusion and apprehension. The bra felt looser than it had the prior week. At first Candace thought she'd picked up the wrong bra but that was wishful thinking- a quick check verified she had the right bra. The size change wasn't dramatic but her test bra definitely fit her more loosely than it had a week earlier. Her mind raced through various scenarios- the worst being that her chest was going to shrink back to non-existence.

Candace was beside herself. She tried to calm down and finally steeled herself to wait a week for another bra test. If she shrank again she could panic but for the moment she'd just wait and see.

During the week she couldn't think of much beyond her tits. She spent much longer than usual in the shower feeling them and relishing how soft the slippery mass of each globe felt. In addition to their awesome size she felt the shape, chest placement and hang of her breasts were all great. She truly loved having big tits and couldn't bear the thought that they might be shrinking back to nothing.

Tuesday morning was somewhat typical of how Candace started her days. She seemed a bit hornier than usual and had extra time that morning. She took an extra- long shower. After washing her hair she dribbled shower gel over her upper chest and spread it down over her soft breasts.

As her hands passed over her nipples they were already hard and she marveled at how much bigger and more sensitive they'd become. Her palms made several circular passes to better enjoy her erect nubs. Moving her hands a little lower she looked down and stared at her hungry nipples. Depending on her bra and outfit she'd recently had to wear covers over them when on the air to avoid 'show'. That had been a new thing for her and she'd loved having the 'cold air problem' as one of the other woman reporters had called it. Candace knew that the temperature wasn't the cause of her new look; she simply had bigger tits and nipples than ever. 

As she looked down a drop of shower gel clung to one nipple and shimmered in the light. It seemed to slowly expand as more liquid slid down the glistening slope of her breast and collected at her nub. Candace was fascinated. 

Her mind wandered to a sex practice she'd never experienced- tit fucking. Her tits were now more than big enough to wrap around a hard cock. As she stared at the droplet of gel on her nipple she imagined it as semen and resolved to try tit fucking soon. After a few seconds the glob of gel dripped off and her concentration was broken. She then cradled her breasts and weighed them. She contently looked down as her hands raised the mass of her breasts as a demi-cup bra might do. That was actually a style of bra she couldn't wear on TV since the mounds of her breasts seemed too prominent. She'd bought one and worn it off camera. From the men's lustful glances she knew it wasn't family-friendly enough for the evening news.

She smiled at having such a dilemma. With A cup tits nobody cared what she wore. Her tits were so different than she'd had before. They felt so sensuous and womanly- it was truly exciting to be proud of your chest.

For a moment Candace visualized herself as a porn star posing for a publicity still- very different from the head shots she'd done for her TV news jobs. She cocked her hip and adjusted her hands to be sure her nipples were exposed. Her hands gently lifted her tits as if they were a push up bra as she gave a sexy smile to the imaginary camera. She the adjusted her hips and arched her back to push out her tits proudly as she visualized the camera clicking away. She smiled at the thought that if she lost her journalism career she could use her big tits and slim body to get another job. She wouldn't do porn but lots of other positions were there for bodacious babes. She might have to start calling herself 'Candy' but she could live with that.

One hand moved back to play with a nipple while the other moved lower to cup her Venus Mound and tease her clit. That hand roamed over her hips and ass a little to appreciate her new womanly curves there. She couldn't really describe how her lower body had changed. She'd gained weight which she assumed meant that she had some extra fat on her ass but it was so widely distributed as to be invisible. She was confident that her ass was close to perfect; it certainly wasn't fat. She could feel the curvy ass of a sexy female in place of her previously athletic rear; it was another alteration she attributed to Steve's secret machine. She probably couldn't be a track star any more but her ass was definitely shapelier and more appealing to most men. 

Her roaming hand also traversed back and forth between her breast and clit- skimming over her flat belly and then grasping a breast. This allowed her to enjoy her hour-glass shape. She knew her slim middle made her fleshy breasts seem even bigger and sexier. In due course the pinching of her fingers at her nipple and the teasing probes of the fingers of other hand became more focused on sexual pleasure than exploration. Her excitement built slowly but she knew where it was heading. She was making love to the busty babe; anyone would want to. No one could resist her naked body -all shiny and slippery under the down light of her shower. Her hand ground against her Mound and one finger insinuated itself next to her clit. This coupled with a strong pinching and rolling of her fingers on her fat nipple brought her to the brink. Finally, a crashing orgasm wracked her body and she found herself struggling to stay standing.

She leaned against the shower wall as her body spasmed in several waves. Slowly her body seemed to recover strength. She'd never had such sexual pleasure when her breasts had been embarrassingly small. She was now a sexual goddess and she loved every decadent moment of touching herself. 

After recovering Candace finished showering with a contented smile on her face. She then dried off and did her hair. This gave her time to think.

Having enjoyed her body so much in the shower now brought depressing thoughts of losing it through the breast shrinkage that had apparently started. Her breasts were still almost perfect but she feared they were getting smaller every day. She wondered if she should call Steve. If he was responsible for her original changes could they reach an accommodation? She could agree that no charges would be brought, no law suit filed etc. Could she live with that if he would tweak his secret process to keep her at the 34D bra size she'd come to love.

Of course, the concept she was thinking about would only make sense if there really was a secret process. Steve would never admit there was and even if the process existed it might not be something that could be adjusted to produce- much less maintain- a given bra size. Candace shivered at the thought that even in the best case of reaching a private deal she might have to go to Steve's office regularly for a tune up scan. At least some of his people would know who she was and why she was there. Could she actually do something so vain and so humiliating? She was disappointed in herself when she realized that she could and would if that's what it took to keep her tits.

The week dragged on. Each morning her hands would feel up her tits in the shower trying to discern any change. One day she'd feel they were a little smaller and the next she'd conclude there had been no change over the past several days. Friday finally came and the testing bra was donned. Candace was devastated to see ripples in the fabric of the cups. Her tits had filled the cups to taut when she'd started the tests. Ripples were conclusive proof that her tits were shrinking. The 34D bra was still the correct size for her but for how long? If anything could be done she should act promptly but the small wrinkles in the bra weren't enough to justify the drama of calling Steve. 

If and when she did call him Steve would undoubtedly deny everything and she'd be humiliated. He might hang up on her or call her crazy. Even worse he might hint that he could help but be lying just to get in her pants again. Absent a very unlikely explanation of how the scanning worked she'd never know whether to trust him.

With all of her suspicions and doubts about him if they had sex it couldn't be the same as it had been. She'd miss that. Not having a romance with your lover was one thing but suspecting him of secretly changing your body was quite another.

The only logical thing to do was to wait another week and conduct another bra test. During that week her mind started to try to deal with the shrinkage problem in a purely rational way. If the rate of shrinkage was slow it would be 3 months or more before her clothes would need replacement or alteration. During that time padded bras could make up for any inadequacies of her flesh. 

At some point she would definitely consider implants but if her breasts were still shrinking the surgery might turn out very badly. A good surgeon could do a great job on the breasts presented to him but if those breasts shrank over the following months the implants might distort her shape. This raised a more horrifying thought. Her enlarged breasts were completely natural in that she must have grown skin; that's the only way they'd hang as they did and feel so soft. The skin didn't look like it had been stretched as the skin on porn stars with large implants frequently did. If the mass of her breasts shrank would the excess skin disappear or would she have ugly hollow bags. She'd be a freak. Ironically, the excess skin would probably help implants look natural but she could be looking at many months when her body would be unsightly. She wondered if she should visit a plastic surgeon now to discuss the best way to replicate her current shape but couldn't imagine getting through the embarrassment. How does one explain that you magically grew 34D breasts but when they shrink you want implants to replace them? Most doctors would think you were a nut.

With the passage of another week Candace's test bra showed slightly larger wrinkles. She was devastated and didn't know what to do. After hours of crying she did the only thing that she could. Replacing her test bra with the bra she wanted to wear that day she stuffed some tissues in each cup- a humiliating act that she remembered from her first high school dance.

After delaying for a few days Candace called Steve saying she needed to talk with him and suggesting that they meet for coffee. He insisted on dinner and insisted on picking her up. She didn't want to have a date with him but couldn't get him to agree to anything other than 'a nice dinner'. Due to their schedules the first mutually available evening was the following Saturday night- traditional date night.

When Saturday came Candace selected clothes that were as business-like as possible- avoiding her most tailored tops. She picked a suit that was a little big for her which meant none of her curves were accentuated.

Steve had her building's doorman call up for her as he had on their prior dates. She descended to the lobby and they shared an awkward kiss. She was trying hard for their evening to not be a date but Steve was having none of that. On the drive to dinner he spoke with her as if nothing was amiss. She didn't want to air her misgivings about him in the presence of the driver so she was polite but somewhat cold. When Steve asked what was wrong she put him off with a bland response. She could feel Steve assessing her outfit disapprovingly which gave her some satisfaction. She wasn't there to indulge his lust for her tits.

Dinner was at his country club which had been the scene for several of their dating-foreplay dinners; Candace knew how he expected the evening to go. She was equally determined this evening would not include sex. She'd rehearsed her demands but still felt uneasy in opening the conversation she needed to have.

Finally, she mustered the needed courage and said, "On our last date I asked you about your company's scanners and whether they could have been the reason my breasts grew. You didn't answer me which I took as an admission. Obviously, I found that very upsetting."

Steve replied, "I didn't admit anything. I told you I couldn't discuss anything about what my company does."

"Yes, I know. I've accepted that you'll never admit to anything. The only logical conclusion is the scanners made my breasts grow and you didn't deny it. I think you're a bastard that secretly changed my tits but I have no proof and you're not going to hand me any proof. So... I have a proposal of sorts. Okay?"

"I'm listening."

"My breasts are shrinking. I'm upset as I've come to love my body and how everybody looks at me. I'm hoping you can cause the shrinkage to stop and for my breasts not to get bigger than 34D. Here's my plan. We enter into a written agreement which is strictly confidential. There is no admission of anything and the agreement explicitly says there will be no law suits, no journalistic exposure, etc. You represent that you're not taking advantage of me and have a good faith belief you can help me keep my enhanced body. I visit Vee-Imaging as often as you say and I don't ask any questions with a view toward maintaining my breasts at 34D."

"Well, that's an interesting proposal. I like you Candace. For several weeks you haven't taken my calls and tonight you've been like ice. Now you've laid out a contract that you propose for your benefit. I didn't hear anything in your proposal that benefits me."

Candace paused and then said sheepishly said, "You're right. It seemed to me that having my body altered without my consent entitled me to something."

"No one has admitted that anything happened to your body."

Candace made a cradling gesture under her chest and said, "I think it's rather obvious that something happened to my body. I'm not asking for any admission as to the cause. I'm simply asking that I be helped in keeping my new body. If my tits keep shrinking I'm very concerned that I'll wind up with a chest of flabby skin. Since the size would be changing I couldn't even get implants that would look good for any extended time." She paused waiting for Steve to say something. When he remained silent she continued in an exasperated tone, "So, what do you want?" 

Steve smiled and said, "Well, I've had fantasies of you with E or F cup breasts that I could truly bury my face in. I've also imagined you with B cup breasts begging me and offering your mouth and ass in exchange for larger tits but those are just idle fantasies."

"You're a pig. This isn't a joke. With your expensive suits and cultured speech you look like a gentleman but deep down you're more of a pig than most men. I'm trying to be reasonable and I've made a serious proposal. You said my offer was too one sided. What do you want to make the deal worthwhile to you?"

Steve hesitated and then said, "DDs. I'd like you with DDs. Of course an equally important thing would be that you stop thinking of me as a pig and that we have an agreement that would afford me reasonable access to your body which would definitely include sex. Consenting and mutually satisfying sex. The relationship would have to be exclusive so neither has to go for testing all of the time.

"As you know I don't want a long term romance but I think we can have a mutually enjoyable relationship- a friendship that includes dates and sex. More specifically, I'd think the agreement should provide for a minimum of two or three dates per month. Our schedules will make it difficult to get time together. We'll have to work on that. Dinner and a trip to the tenth floor lounge for sex would be the norm. Some charity events and the like would be substituted on some occasions. Your hostile attitude would need to go. I'd want pleasant dates- dates with conversation, foreplay and kissing in addition to actual sex. Do you think you could do that?"

"I don't know what I can do. Are you really saying you'll give me DD tits? I was only a large D at my peak. I could lose my job."

"I'm not admitting to any power over anything. Your concerns about your job are silly. Double Ds aren't that extreme. If necessary you can wear a minimizer bra or clothes that play down your tits when you're on the air. It's a problem lots of women would love to have."

"Well, perhaps I could live with that size. I've read that DD and E are essentially the same size but I've never had any reason to check. F would be outrageous on my body but DD might be okay."

Good. I think we'll both love them. Later on you might even want them bigger but that would be a new discussion. If you can fix your attitude I think we have the makings of a deal. I commend you for being a good business woman and proposing a solution rather than just ranting. Shall we go to the lounge in my building to get started on our new relationship? I'll have the lawyers draft a formal agreement for your review on Monday but there's no reason for you to shrink away from our agreement if you get my drift."
