 Recap: Candace Smith, 30s, was a sexy attractive TV news journalist with a slim athletic body. She had been assigned to interview Steve Fish, the wealthy bachelor CEO of Vee- Imaging. The company was a high tech government contractor which was obsessively secretive about its work. Later she started dating Steve. On each visit to the company she had to go through double security scanners- both on entry and exit. They were like the booth style ones at the airport but seemingly much more sophisticated. 

Over several months Candace's breasts grew from A cups to D cups and her ass became fleshier. She couldn't determine the cause but was enjoying her new body and the extra air time she suspected it was bringing her. She was concerned, however, that her tits were still growing and would soon be too big for her television news career. 

During her last date with Steve she became suspicious that Steve might have secretly transformed her. She confronted him at the end of the date. She told him of her fear that her tits would soon be too big for a serious TV news woman and of her suspicions about his company's scanners but he wouldn't admit anything.

She stayed away from Steve and wouldn't take his calls but in a few weeks feared her tits were shrinking. She eventually decided to offer a Faustian deal to Steve to keep her D cups. Her proposal focused on keeping her D sized breasts and her agreeing to keep silent. Steve observed that was too one sided. While not admitting he'd done anything Steve suggested that she should have DD tits and they should have a relationship including regular dates and sex. She agreed and the deal was celebrated with great sex at his office building after another scan at the building's entrance.

***

Within a few days of their last date the couple met to fine-tune the confidential agreement previously discussed and then drafted by Steve's lawyers. Candace smiled as she noted there was not a single reference to breasts in the draft. The lawyers apparently used words like "self-image" and "self-confidence" as euphemisms for her big tits. She found that amusing. She was a little confused by statements acknowledging her seeking help from others regarding her self- confidence. Other than her ob-gyn and one guy she'd dated she hadn't talked with anyone about her breast changes. She asked Steve to explain the reference in the draft agreement.

Steve said, "I can explain. There's one pre-condition for the agreement -some actions that need to get taken before we move forward."

She looked at him oddly since she thought they'd covered everything in the draft and with just a few minor edits it would be ready.

He continued, "As you'll understand it's not included in the written document. It's not something that can be written down." He paused searching for the words to use and then said, "You've pointed out that your suspicions about my company are largely based on the absence of any other possible explanations. While I admit nothing I can understand your logic. For the protection of my company and its thousands of employees I need your cooperation in presenting alternative explanations for the growth of your breasts."

Candace was puzzled and said so. Steve added, "If there was ever an investigation or court proceeding there must be some evidence of alternative possible reasons for your breast growth." 

"But there isn't any evidence."

"Perhaps not. Perhaps there is. Here's what you need to do. I'd like you to locate a Voo Doo priestess who practices their obtuse arts and a far eastern practitioner of their alternative medicines. I can't have anything to do with your selection or engagement of them but here are two phone numbers you can call. You'll need to meet with each of them and outline your wish to have large breasts. Follow their treatment regimen or participate in their rituals- whatever they say." He handed her two thousand dollars in cash to cover any up- front costs and assured her he'd cover any additional expenses.

Candace looked at him with her mouth open. Finally she said, "You really are the devil."

"Not at all," he replied. "I'm simply a CEO who owes a high duty to his company. I have an obligation to protect my company from potential claims of any kind. Most Americans don't understand alternative belief systems but they also know there might be some truth to them; their practices can't be dismissed- hence your work with some women who practice spiritual or other unusual rituals would present an alternative explanation for your body's changes. You should not be surprised when you meet with these new people. They might have notes from prior meetings with you and/or might refer to such prior consultations."

But I've never talked to them; until a minute ago I had no idea these people existed."

"I don't know anything about it. I'm simply observing that sometimes evidence exists that one might not know about."

"Devil," she said but then she smiled and added, "I have no intention of ever making any claims so I'll do what you say. I can't explain it but strangely I find your power rather arousing. "

"I'm glad. I love to arouse you. Try to meet with each of these people this week and we'll sign the agreement next Friday. I thought we could fly to Florida about mid-day on Friday-returning Sunday. We'll join the mile high club on the way."

Candace laughed dismissively saying, "We can't do that. Each of us have thousands of people who might recognize us. If someone sees us going into the plane's lav the scandal would be in the tabloids and on the Internet within hours."

"I don't fly commercial. The company plane has just one discrete cabin attendant and it's much more comfortable than a tiny lavatory."

"Oh my. The devil wants to fuck me on a leather couch at 30,000 feet with the flight attendant watching. I didn't know you were that kinky."

"She's too discrete to watch. She'll be aware of what's happening but her job depends on her invisibility as well as discretion. Wear a skirt and blouse that can be removed easily. Tight jeans and boots would be...inconvenient." Candace blushed at the image of being fucked on a corporate jet while a loyal company minion secretly watched or listened. While embarrassing the thought was also very hot.

Candace agreed to contact the two alternative medicine practitioners and they made tentative plans for the weekend trip to Florida. In addition to the mile high experience Steve explained they'd be dining at two exclusive clubs and staying at his condo. He asked that she pack a cocktail dress for dinner - one that would tease him with her cleavage. One dress would suffice for both evenings.

She smiled demurely as she knew just the dress. With her big tits it was an obscene version of the proverbial little black dress; indeed, it displayed her tits so blatantly she'd decided not to wear it to a recent broadcast journalist dinner. Different rules applied to a romantic dinner with your evil lover but she thought she'd better check so she asked, "Is this club full of retirees or can the dress be rather bold?"

"Bold would be just fine. There will be no little old ladies in attendance."

On Friday Steve picked her up and the driver took them to Teterboro airport in northern New Jersey- a small general aviation airfield dedicated to private aircraft. Steve took notice of how she'd dressed and complimented how she looked. He was seeing a yellow tailored silk shirt that buttoned up the front. While not too tight its fitted shape emphasized her large chest and narrow waist. Beneath the shirt she wore a navy colored pencil skirt. Again its design and good tailoring made her look great. Two inch heels completed her look.

Candace thanked him for his compliment and whispered, "You'll be pleased to hear that I'm also wearing a bra that clasps in the front- just in case you want easy access to my- or should I say, 'our' breasts."

"I'm happy to hear of the style bra but please- no comments like that about your beautiful breasts. They are yours; I'm merely an admirer." 

During the half hour drive she confirmed she'd satisfied his pre-conditions and he told her he already knew. They reviewed and then signed the revised agreement. 

The small airport had several hangers which Candace assumed held the most valuable planes until needed by their ultra-wealthy owners. There were at least two dozen smaller jets parked in rows on the tarmac. Steve's company's plane which was larger than the rest was parked near the terminal with various support equipment attached or nearby getting everything ready. The couple breezed through the tiny terminal while Steve's driver brought their bags to the plane. As they walked the short distance from the terminal to the gleaming white jet Candace reflected on how Steve's world was so different from hers. His wealth gave him the power to do many things. Avoiding the hassle of airport security and the traveling masses was one. Controlling a beautiful woman was another. While she knew she should be angry or depressed by his control over her she felt aroused by being a part of his world. Of course, his statement about having sex on the plane added to her anticipation.

The inside of the plane was just as luxurious as she'd seen in various magazine ads by Gulfstream. Cream colored leather and gleaming blond wood covered every surface a guest would touch. Two TVs were integrated into the small available wall space. She guessed the plane could carry about 10 people in sumptuous leather seating. Today there would be just two. The wasteful use of jet fuel and damage to the environment attributable to their excursion was remarkable. One side of her was against such decadence but her dominant reaction to being Steve's pampered guest was sexual arousal at the prospect of flying in the jet and being fucked there. Walking up the steps in front of Steve made her feel like a wealthy celebrity or- more accurately, the busty escort of a rich guy. She could live with that.

The cabin attendant, Melissa, was as expected. She was petite and dressed in a stereotypical white blouse and trim blue skirt worn with 2 inch heels. She politely greeted them by last name as she took their coats. Steve guided Candace to sit with him on a long leather built in couch. But for the seat belts and jet noise in the background they could have been sitting anywhere. After confirming his wishes with Steve, Melissa served a platter of fruit and cheese and placed an ice bucket with a chilled bottle of champagne near Steve. He hit a few buttons on a table top keypad and the sound system surrounded them with pleasant jazz. He poured some champagne and toasted to their trip. Candace felt like the mistress she was- being wooed by the wealthy businessman. The scene was just as it might be shown in a movie.

The couple sipped champagne as the plane taxied and took off without the delays typical of scheduled flights. The plane climbed steeply which reflected its sleek design and small size- reminding Candace of a past boyfriend's Porsche. After a pleasant half hour of champagne and conversation Steve became amorous. Candace welcomed his kisses and was soon aroused by visions of having sex in the rarified exclusive atmosphere of the cabin while flying at 500 mph. She'd been visualizing the experience for several days and now it was actually happening.

They loosened their seatbelts and turned toward each other so they could embrace and kiss more easily. Steve's right hand made short work of opening her blouse and he had her bra unclasped and pushed out of the way very quickly. He filled his hand with her large breast while continuing to kiss. She basked in the sensations his kisses and fondling brought.

Steve removed his seat belt and then hers. He gently moved her to a reclining position on the couch. He removed her shoes and then found the zipper on her skirt. With her help the skirt came off. He then reached up and slid her panties off. As soon as they were out of the way he repositioned Candace's left leg so that it rested on the top edge of the couch while her other foot remained on the floor. He then moved his face up and teased her inner thighs and pubic mound with kisses.

Candace lay back and allowed herself to be pleasured by him. Her soft moans and tense body made her arousal very evident. After a minute or so Steve paused and said, "Since I'm here and you seem to be enjoying yourself this might be a good time to bring up the concept of reciprocity."

Candace was distressed that his mouth had stopped eating her and it took a few seconds to register what he'd just said. Realizing he was saying fellatio had been missing from their sex life she was embarrassed at his criticism. "I'm sorry," she said. "You're right. In the times we've been together you've always taken charge and we've done what I thought you wanted. I'd love to play with your cock. I'm sorry if you felt I was avoiding that. I'm very embarrassed. I've been thoughtless."

"Great. Enough said," he replied. His mouth went back to her outer pussy lips and she groaned with excitement.

She still felt guilty for being a poor lover and panted, "I'm really sorry your cock has been ignored. Over this weekend I'll try to make it up to you- several times." Her excitement made it difficult to say more as her body twisted and ground against his mouth. She could feel how wet she was and fleetingly worried about staining the seat. Her excitement quickly blocked out any concerns. She could barely think about anything but the exquisite feelings Steve was bringing to her pussy. Her breathing became strained and she was soon nearing the crest of passion. Somehow Steve edged her along the thin line- keeping her incredibly close to climax but denying her release. Her body was almost rigid. Her hands were involuntarily clamping in tight fists. 

She was torn between being frozen and wanting to flail her arms and legs to try getting over the precipice. She would have screamed but her lungs weren't working that well. Finally Steve applied more pressure to her clit and sucked on her while pressing his fingers into her depths. That proved to be the perfect combination to overload her nervous system. She jerked as her climax took possession of her. First one and then a series of spasms wracked her body as every muscle went from tense to slack.

Steve moved his mouth away by a few inches as her climax slowly resolved. Several aftershocks caused her whole torso to twitch every few seconds. After half a minute she felt somewhat in control again and said, "You just surpassed yourself. You certainly know how to please me." 

He then returned to teasing her upper thighs and the flesh near her pussy but carefully avoided her most sensitive areas. As she calmed he brought two fingers up to her slit and gently insinuated them which caused her hips to buck. She tried to verbally stop him but he ignored her pleas. It was a dance they'd done before and he was confident she'd soon be welcoming his attention.

Within 30 seconds his perseverance was rewarded by her rising passion. His mouth subtly joined his fingers in pleasuring her. Her hips ground her pussy against his hand and she said, "You're too good. If I ignored your cock it was because you made it too easy for me to selfishly lie back and enjoy. I hate to say it but take your hand and mouth away. You can either fuck me or let me give you a blow job."

"Ah...music to a man's ears. How does one make the choice between such delightful alternatives?"

"You're the big shot CEO. Isn't making choices what you're good at?"

"Yes, that's what I do. Please give me my long overdue blowjob. I'll fuck you later." With that Steve pulled his body up straighter and moved to exchange positions with Candace. Before he settled onto the couch Candace caught him by the belt and said, "Stop. We need to get rid of these clothes." Together they shed his shoes, socks, pants and boxers.

Candace knelt next to the couch and gently caressed his cock with her long fingers. As she did she reflected on how she'd ignored his cock. He'd given her many spectacular climaxes and this was the first time she'd actually touched his cock- much less given him a blow job. She teased it with her fingertips and then kissed it. In between she apologized again for her selfishness. 

Candace said, "When we get to Florida I'd like to stop at a pharmacy. There's a special lipstick I'd like to buy. Several of my sorority sisters and I used it in college. We called it 'cocksucker red'. The boys seemed to particularly like watching bright red lips on their cocks. I think you'll like it too."

As she spoke Candace was twirling her fingertips around the swollen head of his cock. She ran her long fingernails down his shaft and back up again saying, "There's a matching nail polish. If I have time to do my nails I think you'll like watching my fingers on your cock with deep red nails too. Do you like watching your cock being teased and brought to climax? I'm very sorry about neglecting you. I'm going to make it up to you- cocksucker red lips and nails devoted to your pleasure."

Steve's hips tensed and relaxed as her fingers and words teased him. He couldn't help but watch. As he did Candace caught his eye and held it as she lowered her mouth lewdly to his cock. She held her stare as her tongue laved the crown of his cock. He watched as she deliberately deposited extra saliva on his cock and spread it around. She said, "I've always thought blowjobs should be wet and messy. Is that how you like it?" She moved the tip of her tongue around and added more moisture as she stared up into Steve's eyes.

Steve gasped and panted, "Wet and messy is just perfect." It had been a long time since a woman had watched his face while she blew him. It was highly erotic to see the woman making the effort to please your cock and made the experience much more intimate. In this case it was the first time Candace had shown her lewd side and it was as if she were a different woman.

She was enjoying his cock and how excited he was. Indeed, as his face revealed his arousal she became more aggressive in how her mouth serviced his aching member. She ran her tongue up and down the length of his shaft and gently teased the corona. Her mouth sucked on the head of his cock and her nails lightly scratched his balls. He was tremendously excited by her actions coupled with her holding his stare. It was as if she was in his head- witnessing how his mind was reacting and adjusting her tongue action to drive him crazy. He knew he couldn't last much longer.

He was mesmerized by the way she continued to look at him while sucking him off. It was the difference between a woman who truly wanted to give pleasure and one who was merely doing what she thought was expected. Holding his eyes conveyed her desire and made the blow job twice as good. 

He wanted it to last but could sense that he'd be losing control soon.

It occurred to him that closing his eyes might delay his climax but he couldn't bring himself to do it. How could he break their eye contact? She looked so incredibly sexy it was almost impossible to turn away or shut his eyes. As she stared at him he got the sense she could tell what he was thinking and her fingers seemed to tighten on his balls- she was telling him he'd better not blink. That was all it took to push him over the edge and his cock exploded into her mouth. He watched her mouth. Even while stretched around his cock- she had a contented smile. Even as she swallowed the smile remained and Steve smiled back. While they weren't in a romantic relationship they had a deep meaningful connection.

As they landed Candace said that she hadn't been kidding about stopping at a pharmacy. Steve said he'd loved the imagery of her lips and fingernails in deep red. He added that it wouldn't be necessary to stop anywhere as he'd scheduled a hair stylist to visit the condo that afternoon. He told Candace to tell Melissa the brand and color nail polish and lipstick she wanted and Melissa would arrange for a nail person to come with the stylist. Candace smiled. It was good to be rich.
