 Recap:

Candace Smith, 30s, was a sexy attractive TV news journalist with a slim athletic body. She had been assigned to interview Steve Fish, the wealthy bachelor CEO of Vee- Imaging. The company was a high tech government contractor which was obsessively secretive about its work. Later she started dating Steve. On each visit to the company she had to go through double security scanners- both on entry and exit. They were like the booth style ones at the airport but seemingly much more sophisticated. 

Over several months Candace's breasts grew from A cups to D cups and her ass became fleshier. She couldn't determine the cause but was enjoying her new body and the extra air time she suspected it was bringing her. She was concerned, however, that her tits were still growing and would soon be too big for her television news career. 

During her last date with Steve she became suspicious that Steve might have secretly transformed her. She confronted him at the end of the date. She told him of her fear that her tits would soon be too big for a serious TV news woman and of her suspicions about his company's scanners but he wouldn't admit anything.

She stayed away from Steve and wouldn't take his calls but in a few weeks feared her tits were shrinking. She eventually decided to offer a Faustian deal to Steve to keep her D cups. Her proposal focused on keeping her D sized breasts and her agreeing to keep silent. Steve observed that was too one sided. While not admitting he'd done anything Steve suggested that she should have DD tits and they should have a relationship including regular dates and sex. She agreed and the deal was celebrated with great sex at his office building after another scan at the building's entrance.

They jet to Florida at mid-day on Friday for the weekend- joining the mile high club. She's scanned again to access his condo which sits atop a company lab. A little later he surprises her- saying she is already growing to DD size for Friday evening and she'll gradually expand overnight to have G cup tits for Saturday and Sunday. She's shocked but decides to try to enjoy what he's done rather than spend all weekend in her room crying. Late in the day he has her hair and nails done by professionals and custom tailored clothes are delivered to accommodate her weekend changes. She adjusts to her DDs while getting dressed in a cleavage bearing dress for the evening. Under their agreement this size is to be her new permanent body. That's intimidating to her but they both enjoy her Friday evening enhancement as she feels like a high priced call girl at the private club they visit for dinner. She argues that G cups will be obscene on her thin frame but he insists they'll both enjoy her with massive tits. He assures her she'll only be a Double D when they leave Florida.

****

Candace slept fitfully Friday night. On several occasions during the night she found herself awake and wondering about her breasts. She was tempted to get out of bed, go into the bathroom with the light on and door closed so she could secretly check out her body in the mirror. Each time she talked herself out of getting up since seeing and feeling up her expanding tits would certainly key her up too much for any chance of sleep.

Fondling herself in the dark suggested her breasts were bigger but- especially in her prone position, she had no idea if she was feeling DD, F or G breasts. She still couldn't decide how she felt about what she'd come to think of as Steve's sex toy body- also known as Candy. Was she excited? She was. But she was also afraid. What if the machine failed to change her back or failed to stop when swelling her to the target of G cups? She even worried she'd fall down when trying to walk with so much extra weight on her chest.

Finally it was 6 AM and she couldn't wait any more. Candace got up quietly and locked herself in the bathroom. Before doing anything to assess her new body she used the toilet and then brushed her teeth. She steeled herself and moved to stand in front of the mirror. Initially she left the lights off and merely felt herself up through the silk nightgown she'd worn to bed. Her tits were massive- definitely larger than the Ds she'd gotten used to and bigger than the DDs of Friday evening. She was afraid to turn on the light but also very excited. Whether her excitement came from knowing she had huge tits or from her newly sensitized nipples was unclear. She also wondered how she'd be able to judge her size. Without her D cup test bra any judgements were pretty subjective.

She turned on the light and stood in front of the mirror with her hands down at her sides. It took 15 seconds for her eyes to adjust to the light. When she could see she was struck by how tightly her nightgown fit. It was stretched across her chest. She couldn't see her tits but two prominent nipple bumps proudly declared themselves. She wondered how huge he'd made her nipples; was that another fetish of the devil?

The nightgown had to go. She pulled it up to take it off. It got caught on her breasts- lifting them up slightly but not slipping off over them. She moved her fingers and pulled the bunched material away from her body to create the needed clearance. Her breasts dropped free and bounced. Lifting the silk further she felt strong arousal as the tail end of nightgown lightly brushed against her left nipple. Her arousal was so sudden and unexpected that she had to pause for a second. 

She hadn't even seen her breasts but already her nipples had made her damp between her legs. She wondered if her mind was keyed up sexually or if her nipples' sensitivity was so great that it would dominate her day. Was she going to be horny all day or would she cum once an hour until she passed out. She could sense her nipples were very different. They had to be much larger than before. They seemed to be hard wired to her pussy and ready to give her an orgasm if she pinched or twisted them for a few seconds. She hadn't expected that and had to discipline herself not to touch them.

With the nightgown off she looked at the woman in the mirror. Her first impression was tinged with a little shock. Her tits were melon sized. Some might call her a cow- well, men wouldn't say that now but by age forty she'd be one. Tits of this size couldn't stay firm and high on her chest forever; gravity would eventually win. For now any red blooded guy would love her obscenely big tits on her still slim body but she felt she was simply too big- cartoonish by her standards.

Her nipples were huge- both fatter and longer. They reminded her of the gum drop candies sometimes placed atop holiday cookies- the one big jelly-like candy sticking way up on a smooth surfaced cookie. Of course, her breasts were much broader than cookies but the gum drop size comparison was frighteningly accurate.

She made a quarter turn to check out her profile and to be sure her ass hadn't ballooned. Her chest was definitely firm and attractive. Her ass seemed a bit big to her but she guessed Steve would think it was perfectly fuckable. Even she had to acknowledge the curve of her rounded ass into her waist was sexy. The term hourglass figure and images of women wearing tight corsets came to mind. Her ass wasn't fat but her small waist made it prominent. 

After a minute or more of self- examination and critiquing she sighed. Her body was as Steve had said it would be; she was his fuck toy for the weekend and there wasn't anything that would change that. She'd just try to enjoy the sex. She decided she'd better get dressed. 

First she applied her make-up- using some hints she'd gained from the cosmologist to create a sultrier look. In keeping with her promises to Steve she added cocksucker- red lipstick. She picked up her new G cup bra and positioned it over her breasts. It felt more structured than the DD version of the same style which she guessed was necessary to support melon sized tits.

She leaned forward so that her breasts would hang naturally as she positioned each globe in its cup. Her soft breasts swung heavily- a new and somewhat odd feeling. Their sway and the big cups she was gathering them in were dramatic reminders of how big she was. She debated with herself as to whether her big breasts were gross or still sexy. She knew Steve would love them and decided to adopt that view. There was no point in making herself sad all weekend when she could just as easily enjoy her lover's lust. She even decided that she would try to adopt his enthusiasm- she'd be the best call girl she could be and drain his cock dry. For starters she'd tell him he should call her Candy for the rest of their time in Florida. Candace was simply too formal for somebody with a body like hers.

Her nipples distracted her as the bra fabric touched them and shot sexual pulses to her crotch. She had to pause for a few seconds before hooking the bra as the sensation in her nipples calmed. She still felt aroused. Her nipples were aching but she thought of the bra as encasing them and fending off other stimuli. She straightened up and took another look in the mirror. With the support of the bra her tits projected even further and she laughed internally at the prospect of not seeing her feet for the rest of the weekend. She could see nipple bumps in the bra but considering the size of her new nubs she was pleased that the bra seemed to cover them pretty well.

She put on the silk blouse that had been purchased for her and buttoned it. It fit perfectly which meant it had been custom tailored. It wasn't too big in the shoulders and yet the chest area was sized perfectly for her massive breasts. Under the chest the fabric was tailored to narrow for her slim waist. No off the rack blouse would be designed for a figure like hers. Once again, the benefits of being rich were obvious. She added the pencil skirt that had been bought. Again, it fit perfectly even though her waist was slimmer and her hips broader than 99% of the women that might buy the skirt in question. She put on her flat shoes since they'd be taking a walk. 

Having dressed she made her entrance into the kitchen where Steve was waiting. Steve looked at her for a few seconds and said, "Spectacular." After staring at her for a little longer he continued, "You're gorgeous. Thank you again for getting dressed. I'm already excited at the prospect of being with you clothed and then undressing you. Let's go to breakfast so we can come back soon and go to bed."

As they left the condo Candace told him her huge tits made her 'Candy' rather than Candace and that he should use that name- but only for her time as a bimbo. She demanded due respect if she was only a DD or less. Steve smiled broadly and said he loved her attitude. He added that he'd come to think of her as Candace and would use that name but as the day and evening evolved he loved her willingness to be called "Candy'; he might take her up on it.

They walked on a concrete sidewalk that followed the water's edge. The sun was out and the temperature pleasant. Candace was sure she looked like a hooker that had spent the night and was being walked to a taxi by her john. Physically she was surprised by how much her tits jiggled and swayed. They were quite heavy and seemed to sway with each step she took. She couldn't tell if the sway was obvious to others but it made her even more self -conscious.

Steve had been right about there being few people out. They made it to the restaurant with only two men crossing their path. Candace could feel the men's eyes on her from a distance and as they passed. There was no question about which of her body parts held their interest but they were polite and merely smiled as everyone grunted a 'Good morning'. Candace was embarrassed but felt relieved at getting past her first public encounter.

Breakfast was relatively uneventful as they had a table set off from the few other diners. Candace felt she should set Steve straight on some basics so he didn't suggest blowing up her tits regularly. She said, "I'm sure you like having a date with huge tits as a novelty but you should understand that my current size is really too big."

He looked at her quizzically and said, "I know you think they're too big but you really do look outrageously sexy. They're not too big from where I'm sitting."

"I'm not talking about appearance- although I think they're too big to be sexy- I'm feeling a bit like a cow. They bounce and sway when I walk. They're heavy; it's like I'm carrying an extra weight on my chest. As I sit here I can't see most of the plate on which my breakfast is sitting unless I bend over. In all seriousness, you've gone too far with the G cup. Last night's DD was more than big enough."

"Well, you did look and feel great last night. You might be right that DD is your perfect size and beyond that is too big. Of course, that doesn't mean that I'm not going to enjoy every ounce of your amazing breasts today and tomorrow."

Candace added, "Also, in speaking of going too far I think the nipple size and sensitivity should be dialed back. My nipples look like I'm nursing a child that's three or four years old. The sensitivity is...well, I had trouble getting dressed this morning. I was really close to orgasming. On the walk over here my nipples ached as my breasts bounced. They're just too sensitive."

"I understand. As I told you the G cup breasts are just for a fun weekend away from home. I'm still looking forward to having a lot of fun. Especially with your nipples so eager I'm sure you'll enjoy the weekend too. Reserve judgment on the breast size. Maybe you'll get used to the little inconveniences. As to the nipple sensitivity I was planning on that being permanent with your DDs. Again, use the weekend to try things out. I think you'll enjoy having ten or more orgasms a day."

She stared at him and said, "Ten? Are you joking or are you really the devil? I can't function at work if I'm having orgasms all of the time."

"Again, give it the weekend. I have some adjustments to make, too. I'm assuming my cock will not be able to keep up with you this weekend so I'm experimenting with Cialis."

"Oh, you poor dear. Did someone stick the Cialis down your throat to make your cock hard without telling you? That would be horrible wouldn't it?"

"All right. I understand your point. Let's walk back so we can enjoy our respective sacrifices. Don't be too critical of me about the Cialis. I got the pills because I expected you to want a lot of sex and I didn't want to be unable to satisfy you."

"You're a Prince. The Prince of Darkness is the formal title in religious works, I think."

After breakfast they walked briskly back to the condo. Candace shared with Steve that with walking fast her breasts felt like they were never going to stop bouncing. He offered to slow their pace a little but she said it was okay- they were almost home. Once inside the condo Steve embraced her and confirmed she was fine with his undressing her.

He unbuttoned her shirt, pushed the sides back and buried his face in the flesh that mounded slightly above her bra. His hands caressed her through her bra and he told her how awesome she felt. She stood still feeling like meat in a lion's cage as he ran his hands all over her upper body. His mood seemed to vacillate between worship and pure lust.

"You like Candy's body, don't you. I guess Candace's mere DD size was boring. But that's all you're getting after tomorrow so enjoy Candy while you can."

"I am and I will for every minute I can. I was thinking we could have Candy visit from time to time. There's no reason she has to disappear forever."

Candace pushed him away. She got him to look at her face and said, "Stop right there. Candy is here for today and Sunday only. That's the deal. If you're not on board with that Candy may hide in the bathroom until we're ready to fly home."

"Of course, of course. I understand. I just thought..."

Candace raised her hand with the 'stop' gesture and said, "Stop thinking about fantasies; Candy is here now and willing to drain your cock as often as it can get hard but then DD is all you get. And, I don't appreciate any suggestion that you're 'only' getting Candace with DDs. I personally think she's pretty spectacular. Candy is the outlier."

Steve nodded his agreement and apologized. He kissed her passionately and agreed that Candace's Friday night body was perfect without Saturday's extra enhancement. He tried more kisses and hugs to restore the sexy mood that he'd trashed and soon her body language seemed to suggest a renewed willingness to get naked with him.

Sensing her arousal Steve gently removed Candace's shirt and then returned to cupping her bra-covered breasts. In a few seconds he reached behind her to unclasp her bra. This pressed their bodies together. They could both feel the sexual tension as he unhooked the final covering of the big soft objects of his obsession. He pulled the bra off and discarded it as he pulled back from their chest to chest contact.

Steve took a step back so he could see her body better. Candace pushed her chest out lewdly. Steve's mouth seemed to freeze as he took in the sight of her massive breasts for the first time. Finally, after clearing his throat he said- almost reverentially- "Magnificent. They're even more beautiful and sexy than I imagined. Your nipples are spectacular too. Wow."

Candace didn't think she needed to do or say anything. She tried to keep her chest pushed out while moving one leg back in a sexy pose from her pageant days. Of course, the line of her body in those days was sleek and most viewers would have focused on her athletic body and legs. What she offered now was sexy curves dramatically highlighted by an obscenely big bust.

Steve took in her display and said, "Fantastic."

Candace couldn't help but tease a bit. She twisted her shoulders left and right making her breasts wobble back and forth. She repeated the action saying, "You can imagine how strange this feels when I'm walking. Going up stairs makes my tits bounce up and down. I keep thinking they're going to slap my face." 

When her breasts stopping swaying she brought her hands up under her breasts and lifted them slightly in an offering gesture to his hungry stare. "They're quite heavy but still incredibly soft. I can't imagine walking around with these beyond the weekend but I do enjoy touching them. It's amazing how soft and sexy they feel. The nipples are also obscenely big and ridiculously sensitive. Why don't you watch as I give myself an orgasm? I'll just play a little with these big nipples you've given me." 

She brought the fingertips of her forefingers to her nipples and trailed her deep red nails around each areola without touching the sensitive nubs. Her breathing deepened and she panted, "I haven't even touched them yet and already my pussy is seeping. I disciplined myself this morning not to touch my nipples since I thought you'd like watching. Was I right? Do you like seeing my fingernails about to squeeze these big nipples you've put on my big tits. They're hard wired to my pussy. I'm sure I'll cum in just a few seconds when I touch them. I don't know yet whether I'll gently tease them or squeeze them hard. Either way I'm sure you'll enjoy watching. You are enjoying this aren't you?

With a huge smile Steve replied "Oh yes, I'm enjoying. You've made my cock throb."

With halting breath Candace whispered, "Good. I would've been insulted if it wasn't throbbing. Here we go- watch my fingers."

The thumb and forefinger of each hand slowly embraced each nipple and gently squeezed and rubbed against the erect flesh. Candace gasped with excitement. "My pussy just spasmed and clamped tight. I guess it's searching for your cock. Tighter squeezing will bring me off right away; I'll just try to prolong things by being gentle." Saying that she released her pinch and with just her forefinger extended traced around each nipple. 
