 Recap: Candace Smith, 30s, was a sexy attractive TV news journalist with a slim athletic body. She had been assigned to interview Steve Fish, the wealthy bachelor CEO of Vee- Imaging. The company was a high tech government contractor which was obsessively secretive about its work. Later she started dating Steve. On each visit to the company she had to go through double security scanners- both on entry and exit. They were like the booth style ones at the airport but seemingly much more sophisticated. 

Over several months Candace's breasts grew from A cups to D cups and her ass became fleshier. She couldn't determine the cause but was enjoying her new body and the extra air time she suspected it was bringing her. Over time she became suspicious that Steve secretly transformed her. He would never admit anything but they made a confidential deal in which it was understood she'd have DD breasts and not ask questions or complain and they'd have an intimate relationship. On a weekend trip to Florida Candace was shocked to find she was to have G cup tits for most of the weekend.

***

When the couple had recovered from their Saturday morning sexual tryst Steve announced they'd be spending a few hours on the company's yacht with some friends. He suggested she wear the bathing suit that had been purchased for her under some of the casual clothes. Candace whined that she wasn't going to expose her obscenely top heavy body to others in a skimpy bathing suit. Steve assured her the people coming on the boat were nice couples and that her body should be shown; there was nothing to hide or be ashamed of. He even suggested she might want to take off her top while on the boat when they were offshore to which she just laughed and shook her head. After a spirited discussion she agreed to dress as he'd suggested but said she'd probably stay covered up.

Candace found the bikini fit her perfectly but her chest was so large there was more flesh exposed than covered. Viewing her bulging breasts in the mirror brought home to her how huge she was. The suit's top wasn't skimpy; there was just too much breast. While she could never accept this body permanently she did have to admit how blatantly sexy she looked. She was just tall enough to carry such huge tits without looking cartoonish. She thought she might be perfect for the role of 'warrior princess'; she wasn't muscular or tall enough to be called Amazonian. Did a warrior princess have huge tits? Candace didn't know; maybe she was just a babe with massive tits.

Turning from side to side she studied her torso and thought she ought to get some pictures taken before going back to a more reasonable breast size. In her later years she might enjoy looking back at the outrageously sexy babe she'd been for a weekend. Clearing her mind of such thoughts she focused on the day ahead. How could she cover up? The clothes she'd brought for the weekend were all too small to accommodate her chest and ass. Steve had arranged for several outfits to be purchased for her- those were her only options. The things she'd worn so far had seemed like they were custom fitted- presumably another consequence of being scanned by his high tech machines. She checked her closet for what other pieces of clothing he'd bought.

She found a casual top and tried it on. It clung to her body like a second skin but was the only top that seemed appropriate for the shorts that had been provided. The top was made of a stretchy knit fabric. It must have been custom made for a big breasted woman as the chest was no tighter than the waist; it was snug but not too tight all over. She felt that she was flaunting her body but the top wasn't scandalous. It was merely allowing others to see her shape. 

The new shorts that had been bought for her fit her rounded ass like a glove. She couldn't help but examine her ass and hips in the mirror. The shorts showcased the curves of her new lower body more dramatically than most of her other clothes. It was the first time she thought of her ass as blatantly sensuous and she wondered if she might like her tits as DDs with this ass. She then shuddered at the realization that she was mentally redesigning her body to be the perfect sex toy. She'd obviously been corrupted by Steve's fetishes.

They walked to the marina with Candace's breasts bouncing and swaying with every step. She caught Steve ogling her chest on several occasions during the short walk. He loved the bounce; she didn't.

The yacht was even grander than she'd expected. The captain and mate greeted them and helped them aboard where she saw there were two men and two women on the aft deck. Even at a distance Candace could see the women were much younger than their male companions. She also noted that each woman had large tits spilling out of a bikini top. She didn't recognize either woman from the supper club she'd dined at with Steve but both women seemed to fit the stereotypical trophy wife or mistress image that had populated the club. While Steve was not old enough to fit the 'older man' image Candace guessed she looked like the perfect bimbo-mistress.

Introductions were made all around. Candace found the names of the women, Tiffany and Melissa, casually called 'Tiff' and 'Missy,' suited their image but chastised herself for being so shallow. They could easily be thinking the same thing about her with a name like Candace which they'd probably already abbreviated to Candy. She resolved to keep an open mind. Either of these women could be a brain surgeon, a CEO or a mathematics genius. To assume they were bimbos was foolish and embarrassing as they might well have similar thoughts about her.

Tiff's husband was David. First impressions were that he was a hard driving executive- probably obsessed with making money and not interested in much else. Missy was married to Bill... He seemed a little more laid back but Candace was only in the company of the men for a minute or two before the group split into two with the men speaking to each other - leaving the women to converse separately.

After a few minutes of conversation Candace surmised that neither Tiff nor Missy were geniuses but they seemed pleasant. She had to smile as they referred to her as 'Candy' without any prompting. She didn't protest ass with her new body she felt more like a 'Candy' than anything more formal. After a round of drinks were passed around it took only a few minutes for the men to retreat to the bridge leaving the women on their own in the main salon.

Tiffany- now 'Tiff'-complimented 'Candy' on her body which caused Candace to blush. Tiff apologized and tried to make it better by asking, "Did you have them done here in Florida or up north?"

Candace stared blankly and then realized that Tiff's reference was to her large tits. Candace was shocked at the question but then was embarrassed by not knowing how to answer. She wanted to indignantly say her tits were natural but that was hardly true. On the other hand, she couldn't imagine lying about having had surgical enhancement.

Finally she replied, "Oh well, they're just kind of natural. I haven't had surgery."

Tiff blushed and apologetically said, "I'm sorry. They're beautiful and so big for your body I just assumed..."

Candace shushed her and said she understood- adding jovially that she wished they were two cup sizes smaller but was getting used to not seeing her feet.

Tiff laughed and said she knew that feeling. She then volunteered that she'd gotten implants after college when she'd decided to try out to be a pro football cheerleader. She'd gone from a 34B to 34DD and had high hopes that cheerleading might lead to a career as an actress. She hadn't made the squad but after a tough year of dancing in Gentlemen's Clubs eventually landed a rich husband so it had been worthwhile.

Melissa chimed in and said, "The lifestyle of catching a sugar daddy is nice but my back is starting to hurt. Carrying these 32DD tits around is hard on the body. You must have that problem Candy, right?"

Candace was caught in her lie. She couldn't say she'd only had her 'natural' breasts for a day so she hadn't had any back problems. Her only path was to lie again saying, "Oh yes, I'm a 34G now. Back aches are inevitable."

Candace didn't know what made her continue but before she knew it she was saying, "Actually, I haven't been this big for very long. I can't explain it...it's some kind of hormonal thing I guess. I've been 34D, then DD and now 34G. I've told Steve I'll need reduction surgery... I just can't stay this big."

Tiff looked confused and after hesitating replied, "But your breasts are spectacular. If they're natural it would be a sin to let a surgeon touch them."

Candy couldn't let the irony of that statement pass saying, "Well, if it's not a sin to make tits bigger I don't think it's a sin to reduce them to a more reasonable size. I want people to take me seriously in my job and looking like this just won't work."

Tiff smiled and said, "I didn't mean 'sin' in a serious way. I'm a good Christian woman and sometimes I use the word a bit too much. I just meant that many women- including myself- would absolutely love to have a body like yours. It's not just your tits; you've got the ideal hour glass figure with an extra-large top."

Candace nodded in understanding and said, "I know; in some ways I love being obscenely big but professionally it just doesn't work for me. I'm a TV news journalist. My appearance is a big part of being able to keep my job. I have to be pretty and somewhat sexy but I can't have G cup tits and still be on the air. It's not family friendly when the dad's tongue is hanging out watching the news babe. I'm not talking about getting too much of a surgical reduction. DD is okay even though it still makes me very top-heavy. I think Steve is okay with DDs."

"Ha," scoffed Melissa. "He's probably just like any guy that thinks bigger is better. He should be thanking God he has a girl as beautiful and voluptuous as you- with G or DDs. I used to work in a plastic surgeon's office so I've seen a lot of large tits. I agree that with your frame DD is probably the largest that's reasonable."

Candace replied, "That's the conclusion I've reached. DD is still huge for me. I think all women would agree that DD should be big enough but as you said men tend to get greedy. Imagine if we demanded our men to have foot long cocks."

Missy laughed and said, "I'm imaging that right now but unfortunately reality isn't like my imagination. I'd be happy with smaller if he really knew how to use it." Candace blushed and hoped the subject would get changed. She wanted to kick herself for being the one who mentioned penis size. She had just met these women and should not have been so bold. She apologized for her risqué statement and said she was really a very modest person.

Tiff lowered her voice and told Candace that she and Melissa didn't want to embarrass her but they'd be moving to the fore deck and sunbathing nude. From past excursions on the yacht they knew it was what their men expected. 

Candace was frozen. Feeling the need to break the silence Tiff added, "I don't know anything about your relationship with Steve; he's obviously younger and different from Missy's and my husbands. In our relationships our role is to look sexy and do as our guys expect...sexually...when they want it. Our past excursions on the yacht have kind of established some expectations. We show off our bodies and later at home put out for our hubbies. They don't need sex too often but when they want it they get it. Sex is our principal 'coin of the realm' payment for our very nice lifestyle."

Tiff's explanation embarrassed Candace even more. She didn't know what to say or do. Courtesy required her to tell Tiff that whatever she and Melissa did was fine. She responded that way while debating whether she could excuse herself from going topless or would need to join in. Since Steve had mentioned going topless earlier she guessed he knew what Missy and Tiff would be doing and more or less expected her to join them. She hadn't taken his clue seriously and wondered if she'd offend the women and piss off Steve if she kept her bikini on.

At the same time her journalist's mind couldn't help but be fascinated by Tiff's statements about using sex to pay for her luxuries. Maybe there was a human interest story here. Candace knew her role on TV was largely to be eye candy on the show. Calling herself a journalist was a bit of a stretch. She didn't dig up stories; they were assigned to her and her job was to do some scripted on camera interviews and look pretty as the answers to the questions told the story the producer wanted to air. Nonetheless, Candace took her career seriously and felt she had a keen eye for stories that would appeal.

She wanted to prove she could be a serious reporter. With careful editing for a family viewing audience the story of women like Tiff and Missy could be great-it could even be a career maker. Hook lines flashed in her mind. "Trophy wife...or sex slave?" "Modern mail-order brides," and other phrases ran through her head.

Getting closer to Tiff would be like undercover reporting. If getting the story meant going topless she'd do it.

Candace tagged along as Missy and Tiff went down a few steps into the main cabin. Within a minute their large breasts were uncovered. Their enhancements looked reasonably natural. They were definitely large breasted but not as obscenely big as Candace.

The other women's bikini bottoms soon came off too which added to Candace's dilemma. Full nudity was certainly a step beyond topless. Tiff pulled two rolled up mats out of cabinets. She looked to Candace with an unspoken question; should she take out a third mat? Candace blushed as she nodded a weak positive response.

It took a little longer for Candace to strip as she was wearing more. While trying not to stare the other women's eyes were obviously focused on her massive chest. Tiff couldn't resist saying, "My God, Candy. Your tits are huge and so perfectly shaped. I love them." Missy mumbled something equally complimentary and Candace whispered a soft "Thank you."

Missy produced a large tube of sun screen and deposited a generous squirt into Tiff's outstretched hand. Missy made a similar deposit into her own free hand and held the tube up to their busty visitor. Candace extended her hand and received a squirt. She watched and tentatively copied the women's careful caresses of their bare breasts- spreading the lotion over every bit of the relatively pale flesh.

Tiff watched Candace's fingers as they smeared the cream over her tits. The soft flesh changed shape as her hands moved about. Tiff couldn't hold in her thoughts and said, "Wow. They really are natural. I confess I didn't believe you earlier when you said they were."

"Yes, obscenely big and jiggly like Jell-O," replied Candace. "I haven't gotten used to the bounce and sway when I walk fast; I can't imagine what they'd do if I ran."

"Industrial strength sports bras help me but silicone isn't as soft as you; I doubt there's a bra made that would contain you while running."

"Believe it or not I used to be a runner in college," replied Candace. "Of course my body was very different then."

Missy squirted some lotion on Tiff's back and proceeded to massage it over her friend's back- all the way down to her waist and the upper part of her ass. A second squirt gave her more lotion and she used both hands on Tiff's ass and the back of her shapely thighs. Candace took the tube and applied some lotion to her own shoulders and was then taken by surprise as Missy bent over and asked for a squirt on her ass. Candace squeezed the tube and was relieved when Tiff's hands caressed Missy's ass- excusing Candy from that awkward task.

Tiff picked up on the visitor's embarrassment and said, "Relax Candy. We're just friends. We each like men- not women. This is simply the best way to avoid sunburn. We're going to do your back in a minute; you do the front and inner thighs- any place you're really modest about. This is skin protection- not sex. The sun is much more intense in Florida than up north."

Candace blushed but said, "I understand. I've been told about the Florida sun before. I'm just not used to watching naked women rub each other. Even though I like men it is rather embarrassing to watch the two of you. I feel guilty that I'm enjoying it."

'"Yea, I know what you mean," injected Missy. "While we're all hetero, we each have very hot bodies. It's okay to enjoy touching them."

Candace applied the sun screen to her own pubic area and ass feeling that would keep the other women's hands away from her most intimate areas. She also did her upper thighs- both front and back. Soon it was Candace's turn to receive a body massage of sunscreen on her remaining skin. It felt good but she made an effort to remain stoic as both women's hands roamed over her. Candace breathed a sigh of relief when the intimate task was completed. All three women had seemed to enjoy their mutual touches. In Candace's case she enjoyed it more than she'd ever want to admit. It had been strangely arousing.

Tiff then picked up her rolled pad, a towel, wide brimmed hat and her sunglasses. She led the other two women to the deck at the bow of the boat where the pads were spread out and the women settled on them within a few minutes. Candace could feel the eyes of the men on her from the bridge that was at a higher level than the deck but resolved to go with the flow and ignore them.

She questioned Tiff, "How did you meet your husband?"

Tiff replied, "Well, we were introduced by his agent- nothing super romantic. Missy met William through the same guy."

"Agent? Do you mean a real estate broker or actor's agent?"

Tiff smiled and said, "No. Not like that. I guess you haven't been exposed to it but rich older men seeking trophy wives frequently have a hired guy to search out and screen girls for them. You get interviewed by the agent and they do a background check first. A confidentiality agreement gets signed. Then you have a casual meeting with the principal- the rich guy. If the principal approves you, the agent negotiates the girl's contract. There are a couple of in person meetings with the principal during that time- dinners and lunches mostly but I wouldn't call them dates."

"Ah... I'm embarrassed to admit my ignorance but do you mean you were hired by your husband as a sort of escort?"

"No. No. Well, we don't think of it like that; it's a long term committed relationship. We're legally married but perhaps with slightly different expectations than you dreamed about as a little girl," replied Missy. "It's more or less a business relationship but we do like each other- it wouldn't work if there wasn't mutual affection and respect.

"We're mature adults who are pragmatic about marriage. We don't expect earth shattering romance or that we'll grow old together. These are rich powerful men who can have anything they want. It's more or less understood that as the woman ages the man is going to want a younger replacement. Both parties have to plan for that.

"So in my case- and I think commonly, the girl is hired by the guy's company for a no show job. It provides a nice salary, health insurance and a luxury car. There's an understanding that a good part of the salary will be withheld and channeled into an investment account for the woman's retirement. That's not retirement as you think of for old people. This is a fund for the woman when she's forty or forty-five and the guy wants to move on.

Assuming there's a long term relationship or marriage, of course there's a palimony agreement or pre-nup but again it might not be what most people think of for that contract. While it protects the guy's wealth it also gives the woman a guaranteed nest egg so long as she doesn't cheat or otherwise embarrass the guy during a certain term- say ten years. Of course, the woman has a company credit card and generous clothing allowance. She is her husband's lover, eye candy, companion, and wife but as I said, our expectations are less romantic than in the story books."
