 Recap: Candace Smith, 30s, was a sexy attractive TV news journalist with a slim athletic body. She had been assigned to interview Steve Fish, the wealthy bachelor CEO of Vee- Imaging. The company was a high tech government contractor which was obsessively secretive about its work. Later she started dating Steve. On each visit to the company she had to go through double security scanners- both on entry and exit. They were like the booth style ones at the airport but seemingly much more sophisticated. 

Over several months Candace's breasts grew from A cups to D cups and her ass became fleshier. She couldn't determine the cause but was enjoying her new body and the extra air time she suspected it was bringing her. Over time she became suspicious that Steve secretly transformed her. He would never admit anything but they made a confidential deal in which it was understood she'd have DD breasts and not ask questions or complain and they'd have an intimate relationship. On a weekend trip to Florida Candace was shocked to find she was to have G cup tits for most of the weekend. On Friday evening she'd grown to DD and was Steve's date at a private club populated by mostly older men and their trophy wives. She and Steve were younger but she felt like an escort-with generous cleavage displayed in a low cut custom fitted dress.

On Saturday she awoke with massive G cup tits. She could feel them bounce and was self-conscious all day. The couple spent the afternoon on a yacht where Candace felt compelled to sunbath in the nude with two trophy wives. The three husbands ogled the three from the bridge- about 20 feet away. Her 'natural' breasts were the envy of the two women whose enhanced breasts were nice but not as large or soft. She found the women's personal stories fascinating and was turned on by some teasing and touching before they got dressed. The women told her that later their husbands would be teased by each woman's detailed description of Candace's breasts and she decided to tease Steve with a tale of their fondling her as research.

Without admitting any control over her breasts Steve tried to assure Candace she'd be back to DD by the end of the weekend. While she'd learned to love her pre-weekend D cup breasts she agreed that DD would not ruin her career and was a compromise she could accept. 

******************

Candace awoke early on Sunday. Steve was asleep besides her but the bed was so large she knew she could move about without disturbing him. She was naked but that was of no concern. It was her tits. Every day seemed to be a surprise. What size had Steve dictated for today? Would he live up to his word and let her shrink to DD cups by the time they returned to New York?

Lying on her back she placed a hand to the outside of each breast and gently moved her hands inward to feel herself up. She was still massive. It was impossible to say if she was exactly a G cup as she'd been on Saturday. She could be a little smaller or perhaps even a little bigger. With that frightening thought Candace felt herself more thoroughly. Her tits felt soft and sensuous - and huge. She decided her prone position prevented any real assessment.

There was no way she could go back to sleep with the issue unresolved. She got up quietly and moved into the bathroom- carefully closing the door behind her and then switching on the light. It took30 seconds for her eyes to adjust. Steeling herself against what she might see she focused on the image in the mirror and attempted to gauge her breast size. Holding her hands at her sides she pushed out her chest and then relaxed her chest muscles. She repeated the cycle as she stared at her image. She couldn't draw any definite conclusions. 

Candace then brought her hands up to cradle and weigh her breasts as she watched. She was definitely huge but no bigger than Saturday. In fact, she guessed she might be a little smaller. It was difficult to be sure but she felt a little smaller. Her nipples still seemed obscenely big; Steve would be pleased with that.

Obsessed with knowing Candace stole quietly out of the bathroom and recovered the G cup bra she'd worn early Saturday. On a whim she also scooped up the DD bra that had fit her perfectly on Friday evening. She instinctively knew she was too big for it at the moment but thought she might try it on as an additional gauge of her size. Perhaps it would fit later in the day.

In the privacy and light of the bathroom she positioned her breasts and enclosed them in the G cup bra. Even before looking at herself in the mirror she had part of the answer. There were wrinkles in the fabric of the bra cups- small wrinkles but definite evidence that her breasts were no longer straining the cloth. She was smaller than she'd been 24 hours earlier.

This was a great relief. She was no longer afraid she'd grown even bigger and it seemed she was on the right track to becoming more normal. There was, however, a little bit of regret that she was no longer what Steve would say was 'perfect'. She had a strong ego. It was hard to be pleased by being less than perfection in her obsessed lover's eyes. She was still obscenely big but not as big as Steve had staked out as the ideal.

Candace stared at her bra covered tits and tried to estimate how much they'd shrunk. She tried to visualize how much flesh it would take to erase the wrinkles and restore the tautness to the fabric she remembered. The task required the skills of either a sculptor or a math genius. How much flesh was missing? She wasn't a genius but she did have imagination and came up with a crude alternative way to estimate the missing volume.

Even though she'd never personally handled liquid latex Candace remembered seeing it in a porn video. She visualized painting her tits with a layer of the goopy substance. She guessed the layer would be about an eighth of an inch thick. She tried to then visualize how much liquid the coating would have used from the bottle and whether her coated breasts would fill the bra cups. A second coat would probably be needed- perhaps just on the bottom. If one assumed the bottle held 6 oz. would two coats empty the bottle? If so, so what. She gave up in frustration; it was a pointless exercise.

How much difference is there between a 34G and the next smaller size? Candace had no idea. Was she now a 34F? 34E?

Candace took off the 34G bra and attempted to put on the 34DD. She could physically put the bra on her body but her tit flesh threatened to tear it apart. Flesh bulged over each edge of the cups and the bottom of the cups were pulled away from her chest wall. Candace smiled. It wasn't too scientific but her breasts were definitely closer to fitting the G cup bra than the DD. This suggested she was currently sporting F cup tits. Progress.

She cleared her head and studied her reflected image; overnight she'd become a cup size smaller. Would she be back to DD by evening? That was what she'd insisted on. Shrinking from an F to an E might be more likely. How big was E? Since she still felt huge at the F cup size she guessed E would be only marginally better.

She'd been very clear to Steve. G was tolerable for a day or two in Florida where she wasn't known but she wanted no more than DDs in New York. Could she deal with having E cup tits? Steve knew she'd grudgingly accepted DDs. He'd told her not to worry. Of course, he'd also said there were no guarantees in life. She had no idea whether he had precise control over her tits or if he could merely start an expansion or contraction and then seek to stop it at the right time. He still wouldn't admit to any control at all- still teasing that her mystic or herbal treatments must be at work.

Candace took off the DD cup bra and examined her naked tits in the mirror. She really was still too big for TV. Indeed, she felt too big for daily life. Candace remembered how odd it had been to eat breakfast on Saturday with her G cup tits. She couldn't see most of her plate. She laughed to herself that perhaps F cups she'd be able to see half of the plate. Tits like this might be fun for a sexy evening or weekend away but carrying this much weight on one's chest would soon be painful. It would also mean virtually all of your clothing would need to be custom tailored. Her resolve to be no larger than a DD was renewed.

There was a little noise outside of the bathroom. Steve was up. It was time to face the day.

Candace brushed her teeth and considered the day ahead. She could get by wearing the G cup bra at her current size but might need smaller bras for later or for Monday if she didn't reach the DD goal. She'd need to tell Steve to work his shopping magic on a Sunday so that she was prepared. A business outfit or two that would fit well if she had DD or larger tits would also be needed. Everything in her New York closet had been bought for the body she'd had last week with it's very nice D cup breasts and attractive ass. She doubted anything would fit well on the body Steve had crafted for her.

With that planning done what should she wear for coffee with her horny lover while she still had her exaggerated tits? As she'd done on Saturday she decided to make the best of the day. She couldn't change her figure so she might as well enjoy it. It didn't take long for her to settle on an outfit. Cocksucker red lipstick and bikini panties over 4 inch heels. Steve had apparently lived up to his word and started her reduction toward DDs. She'd reward him with his favorite outfit and grab a few orgasms for herself.

It took less than a minute to comb her hair, find and slip into a silky panty and her heels. She returned to the mirror to color her lips and when done stepped back to check herself out. Her long blonde hair and the red lips would be good enough to seduce Steve. Adding in her huge naked tits and skimpy panties would have him salivating in no time. Candace smiled at her reflection and then moved to the patio door where she could see Steve sitting outside next to the table on which a carafe sat with two cups. She made a cursory scan of the bay beyond the deck to see if there were any boats nearby and didn't see any activity anywhere.

Feeling sexy Candace stepped out and walked the two steps to Steve's chair. She hugged Steve from behind just seconds after he became aware of her presence so he didn't turn. She then stepped around his chair and leaned down to kiss him. Her blatant near- nakedness prompted him to say, "Wow," and then follow that with a smiling, "Good Morning." After a brief kiss Candace moved away and stood back up- giving Steve his first unobstructed view of her body. "You look fantastic," he said. "I love the simple things in life."

Candace made a small curtsey and then turned to pour herself some coffee. As she did she said, "I knew you'd like the outfit. You said so yesterday and I guessed changing the color of the panties wouldn't ruin the look for you."

"No, I like panties in many colors. You'll have to wear similar outfits in various colors to see if one color seems to particularly suit your body coloring."

"I seem to have developed a preference for black. The wardrobe you've bought for me doesn't offer too many color choices- just beige and black. If you want more variety one of us is going to need to shop."

"That can be arranged."

"Actually, I do need some other things; can your personal shopper buy things on Sunday?"

Steve assured her that anything was possible. Candace outlined her need for some new bras and some new clothing for work noting that her fashion needs were a direct consequence of his re-shaping of her body. He demurred as to any cause and effect but picked up the phone and called the woman he had used for the prior shopping. He briefly explained that he had some new requests that needed immediate attention and then put Candace on the phone to explain the specifics.

Candace sat down at the table and enjoyed the beauty of the bay as she spoke of her changing breasts with the stranger on the phone. As she spoke she reflected on how bizarre it was to be sitting almost naked on an outdoor deck while speaking on the phone about bras. She couldn't allude to the reason for her anticipated breast shrinkage which she felt made her sound crazy for requesting bras in several sizes. She hoped she'd never meet the shopper in person. It was awkward but Candace asked if the shopper had a record of her measurements as they were on Friday evening. Candace reminded her of the dress that had been bought for her and felt compelled to add that her bra size had been 34DD. When the woman said that she had all of needed measurements Candace explained the style of clothes she'd need for work to fit that body. She included a request for two everyday 34DD bras suitable for the business outfits. 

Steve gestured for Candace to hand him the phone. He told the shopper that everything Candace had requested was fine but that he wanted some sexy bras in the DD size purchased - not just plain ones. The shopper assured him she'd have everything needed before Candace and Steve flew out that afternoon.

When the call was ended Candace sighed in relief and Steve confirmed that her concerns had all been addressed. He offered her more coffee and told her to relax. Candace accepted the coffee and did feel better. She asked if he had any boating with topless friends or similar plans for the day and was relieved when he jovially said no. He followed up by saying he thought they'd walk to breakfast and then just hang out at the condo for the afternoon. He would have a late lunch delivered to the condo which would serve as their main meal of the day.

Candace smiled and said that all sounded fine. She then added, "Can I assume you wouldn't object to delaying breakfast so that I can give you a nice slow blowjob out here on the deck?"

Steve laughed and said that would be very nice; breakfast could wait.

"My bra size seems to be about an F cup this morning so I thought you'd earned a little reward for honoring your word. As I told you I'm working on the assumption I'll keep shrinking a little all day so I need the new bras to meet various contingencies. I appreciate that you're shrinking me but can't count on any particular bra size until I'm there." Steve put his hands over his ears to suggest he wasn't listening to her but also said he would be delighted to buy her new bras every day if her breasts would be available to him. He added that of course he liked her current braless outfit better than any bra.

Candace gestured for Steve to stand and move toward the lounge chair. She stripped his shorts off and guided him to lie back on the lounger. Candace climbed onto the lounger with her breasts at roughly the level of his chest swinging lewdly only an inch or two off of his skin. She lowered herself slightly and dragged her breasts slowly to the left and right so they made light contact. Bill's whole body tensed.

She lifted off of him, moved down toward his feet and lowered her tits to rub over his erect cock. Adding a side to side movement caused her soft flesh to drag over his sensitive flesh and promptly produced a loud moan of pleasure from Steve. Candace moved faster causing her breasts to sway more dramatically and watched the pleasure in his face. It felt great to her as well. To heighten the contact she lowered herself another inch- increasing the pressure and literally dragging her breasts across him. His cock would get caught against her soft flesh which would become distorted until finally his cock would snap free until becoming stuck to her other big globe. She continued moving back and forth- lightly abusing his cock. Steve loved what she was doing and told her how sexy it was.

He brought his hands to the outside of her breasts seeking to press them around his cock but Candace immediately lifted off of him saying, "No... no...this is not a tit fuck. It's just a little tease to get you ready for your BJ."

With that she slid further down on the lounge chair and leaned part of her weight on her forearms with one hand teasingly close to his cock. Her mouth soon enveloped his cock and her fingers toyed with his balls. After a few seconds she lifted her mouth off of him and made a blatant gesture of dribbling extra saliva all over his cockhead before again lowering her mouth onto him.

Steve's hips pressed upward toward her face prompting Candace to stop what she was doing to say, "Control yourself. You're stronger than I am but I can strap you down if needed. Lie there and let me set the pace I want. I could make you cum quickly if I wanted but you'll enjoy it more if you let me take my time."

"Yes dear," replied Steve in an exaggerated tone of submission.

Candace's tongue teased his shaft with slow sensuous licks as she looked up at his face. She delighted in watching his eyes follow her tongue's random movements. She could feel his cock twitch and see the pleasure in his face as she hit particularly sensitive spots. She could also see and feel his excitement increase as she added saliva and moved it about his cockhead.

She'd always felt that a blowjob should be messy and she knew he loved it that way. After a few seconds of play with the saliva Candace pulled her mouth off by just an inch or two and said, "It's technically not a blow job but I was thinking I'd like to rub my hard nipple right here." She extended her tongue to the sensitive frenulum and then continued, "I'm wondering which of us will cum first if I do that for a while. Would that be okay instead of the BJ I promised?"

Steve panted an aroused, "Oh that would be just fine."

With his approval Candace moved up over his thighs and let her left breast swing over the head of his cock. She reached over with a hand to hold his cock still and proceeded to rub her nipple back and forth over the most sensitive part of his cock. Her actions excited them both tremendously. To tease him further Candace said, "Even when my tits were smaller my left nipple has always seemed bigger than my right. Both are much bigger than before you altered me but the left nipple is still the bigger. I thought you'd like to know you're getting my best."

The friction between their erogenous zones was highly arousing to both of them. Candace knew she was approaching orgasm and was sure Steve was pretty close too. In her most sultry voice she said, "Your cock is going to make me cum. Cum with me and I'll lick it up when I've recovered."

That was all it took to cause Steve to explode. Sensing his climax was starting Candace pressed her breast down against his cockhead and rubbed her nipple against him as forcefully as she could. She climaxed as the throbbing of his cock excited her nipple even more sending pulses directly to her mind and pussy.

Candace lay exhausted with her massive tit enveloping Steve's cock. She could feel his member twitching and imagined small amounts of cum were still seeping out. She smiled as she thought about what she'd just done. Was it abusing his dick or abusing her nipple? In either case it had been very hot. Candace felt powerless but knew they'd both be more comfortable if she moved off of Steve and rested on the bed. With some effort she lifted herself off and watched strings of his semen stretch between his member and her tit- gradually breaking and releasing her. She rolled and flopped onto the bed.

After a minute or more the couple agreed that showers were needed and then breakfast.

Candace dressed in the top and shorts she'd worn on Saturday over her G cup bra. The bra was definitely a little too big but only she knew that; she couldn't discern any difference in how the top and shorts fit. The walk to the restaurant was similar to Saturday's excursion except that they passed more people on the way. Candace's breasts seemed to bounce just as much as they had the day before. Indeed, she wondered if they might be bouncing and swaying even more since the bra wasn't as tight. Every guy they passed stared at her tits. They all tried to be discrete but their interest was obvious.
