 Recap: Candace Smith, 30s, was a sexy attractive TV news journalist with a slim athletic body. She had been assigned to interview Steve Fish, the wealthy bachelor CEO of Vee- Imaging. The company was a high tech government contractor which was obsessively secretive about its work. Later she started dating Steve. On each visit to the company she had to go through double security scanners- both on entry and exit. They were like the booth style ones at the airport but seemingly much more sophisticated. 

Over several months Candace's breasts grew from A cups to D cups and her ass became fleshier. She couldn't determine the cause but was enjoying her new body and the extra air time she suspected it was bringing her. Over time she became suspicious that Steve secretly transformed her. He would never admit anything but they made a confidential deal in which it was understood she'd have DD breasts and not ask questions or complain and they'd have an intimate relationship. On a weekend trip to Florida Candace was shocked to find she was to have G cup tits for most of the weekend. On Friday evening she'd grown to DD and was Steve's date at a private club populated by mostly older men and their trophy wives. She and Steve were younger but she felt like an escort-with generous cleavage displayed in a low cut custom fitted dress.

On Saturday she awoke with massive G cup tits. She could feel them bounce and was self-conscious all day. The couple spent the afternoon on a yacht where Candace felt compelled to sunbath in the nude with two trophy wives. The three husbands ogled the three from the bridge- about 20 feet away. Her 'natural' breasts were the envy of the two women whose enhanced breasts were nice but not as large or soft. She found the women's personal stories fascinating and was turned on by some teasing and touching before they got dressed. The women told her that later their husbands would be teased by each woman's detailed description of Candace's breasts and she decided to tease Steve with a tale of their fondling her as research.

Without admitting any control over her breasts Steve tried to assure Candace she'd be back to DD by the end of the weekend. While she'd learned to love her pre-weekend D cup breasts she agreed that DD would not ruin her career and was a compromise she could accept. 

******************

Steve delivered Candace back to her apartment on Sunday evening after their return from Florida. They kissed and agreed they'd speak on Monday to see how Candace's breast shrinkage was doing. She confirmed that she felt her F cup bra was definitely looser than it had been earlier in the day and was optimistic that the morning would have her fitting into her E cup bra. She still hoped she'd be a 34DD but guessed that might take another day.

Candace slept fitfully. During her many periods of half sleep she thought about returning to work. In the best case scenario on Monday morning she'd have shrunk to her target of 34DD. Trying to be realistic and based on how her breasts had changed over the prior 24 hours she'd probably be a 34E.

When morning finally came Candace stripped off her nightgown and nervously looked at herself in the mirror. She still looked huge but she'd need to see how one or two different bras fit to gauge her size. With great trepidation she cradled her breasts into the E cup bra which was a full cup size smaller than what she'd worn on Sunday. She wasn't sure if she was pleased or disappointed to find that the bra fit perfectly. She turned back and forth in front of the mirror to further assess her overall body.

Based on how well the E cup bra fit Candace decided not to try on the DD. She was sure it wouldn't fit properly and that would only depress her. She was still bigger than she wanted to be. Equally important she felt she was bustier than the network would tolerate. As a TV journalist she had to be attractive and sexy to a point but looking like a call girl wouldn't fly for the family friendly news.

Fortunately she had no on camera time scheduled for Monday. She'd wear a somewhat loose top over a modest skirt and hope that her expanded chest wasn't noticeable. By Tuesday she hoped to have dropped another cup size. That was an assumption but she needed to remain optimistic.

She was also working on the assumption that her slim body could carry DD breasts without upsetting the network execs. This was going to be a close call; she'd have to be careful in her clothing selections. She had to walk the fine line between being sexually attractive and looking too slutty. The tops would need some ornamentation or draping fabric overlays so that it wouldn't appear that she was flaunting her tits. Any hint of cleavage would be the death knell to her career.

Part of her concern reflected that she'd only been a 34DD for one evening in Florida where she'd relaxed in the knowledge that no one knew her. Steve had surprised her by increasing her from a D to a DD and announced that she'd be getting even bigger overnight. On that occasion Steve had provided her with a sexy bra and low cut dress. The entire evening had been foreplay and she'd relished feeling sexy.

Dressing for work with tits like she'd had that evening was going to be a whole new experience. She'd barely gotten used to how to dress when her breast size had been 34D. She'd continued to wear form fitting dresses but had tried to find styles that had some distracting trim or other features at the bust line. Anything that was form fitting and smooth -in the nature of a T-shirt was out as her chest size became too obvious too inviting to the lustful eye.

Regardless of her clothing choice with a 34DD bust more guys would be staring at her. Since she'd always been attractive she was used to receiving a lot of attention but the intensity had grown noticeably with her breast size over the past few months. She could only assume another cup size would have a similar effect. Finding clothes that would de-emphasize her chest was going to be tough.

Part of her angst was simple ego and a desire not to be embarrassed. She'd gone from being small breasted to a D cup gradually over a few months. At widely different points in time virtually everyone she knew concluded she'd gotten implants. She'd seen the look in their eyes as he or she drew that conclusion and then kept steeling glances at her chest. Some were subtle and some more piggish. One or two co-workers who'd reached the surgical enhancement conclusion early on- say when she'd expanded to a small C cup- seemed baffled by her later expansion but far too discrete to say anything. 

Each of those past instances of someone looking at her differently had been embarrassing but she'd learned to live with it. Going through the same moments all over again would be even more difficult. 

Her current dilemma was to disguise her E cup tits and interact with as few people as possible on Monday. She could hope that only a few would later think her DDs were larger than the breasts she'd had before the weekend. She couldn't imagine the embarrassment of anyone actually sensing that she'd not been satisfied by her enhancement from an A cup to a D cup and that she'd had another surgery to graduate to E cups. If she could get past Monday and if her breasts dropped another size she could only hope that DDs would pass as Ds.

She took out the two dresses Steve's shopper has purchased for her in Florida. If her breasts would shrink to DD the dresses would be okay if she added a scarf or other distracting piece. They'd get her through the first couple of days but she'd need other dresses. Candace searched for labels in the Florida dresses and found the name of a shop that sounded like a custom dress maker. That wasn't going to be a viable option since the shop was over a thousand miles away and undoubtedly too expensive for her. On the other hand she wouldn't be able to wear dresses that were mass marketed without serious alterations. Custom made clothes might not be too much more expensive than the cost of rack dresses plus alterations.

She then had a second thought that made her smile; if Steve wanted her to have a bimbo's body he'd have to pay for whatever clothes she needed. She was confidant he'd be happy to do that but she'd need to ask. The first step would be to try on the Florida dresses to confirm that they'd fit with a smaller chest. She did that and was satisfied. Except in the bust the dresses fit perfectly. She knew of one custom shop in New York and checked out its website. She followed up with a phone call to discuss how quickly items could be ready and some pricing.

She then called Steve and explained her situation. She expressed her concern about still being bigger than her target size but said she could give the process another day. She then outlined her longer term problem. 'Off the rack' clothes wouldn't fit the top heavy body he wanted her to have. She told him she was willing to give the DD size a week trial but would need more work suitable outfits that were tailored for her body. She gave him a cost estimate for 3 dresses from the New York store and asked if he'd pay for them. He said that he would be happy to pay for her test clothes but would expect to have the opportunity to undress her from these garments at least a couple of times during the test period. He also reminded her of the sexier style bras he'd had the shopper buy and noted that those were the only ones he wanted to see when they were together. She agreed but said she didn't know her work schedule yet.

Later that day Candace visited the dress salon and ordered two dresses and two skirt and blouse combinations. She deferred the fitting until Tuesday afternoon without explaining that she was expecting to be a whole bra size smaller by then.

Somehow Candace got through Monday. She didn't sense anyone noticing her swollen tits which was a testament to her clothing choice and her avoiding the men who she'd previously identified as the horniest and most aggressive. At home she removed her blouse with the hope of finding wrinkles in her bra cups that would show shrinkage of her breasts. To her chagrin the bra still seemed to fit snuggly. She twisted and turned but couldn't produce a single wrinkle.

Candace poured herself a scotch. She'd spent the day feeling that her life would soon be in control. She'd convinced herself that 34DD would be manageable and based on how she'd felt on Friday, perhaps even pretty hot. That was the size she felt was mutually good for both Steve's lust and her job. She'd had her outfits for the week all picked out and was pleased with her organizational skills. Now everything was off. E just seemed a whole lot harder to cope with than DD.

While she sipped on a second scotch Candace considered Steve's job offer seriously for the first time. If her breasts remained at their present size she couldn't see a future in TV news. Her agent could probably get her work in tits and ass movies and maybe a role in a TV series. She'd be cast as the sexy mistress or hooker. Those roles would keep her on TV for a few years until she aged out of the 'young and sexy' class but staying on TV was never her real goal. She'd wanted to be respected as an intelligent woman. TV journalism served that end well but it wasn't the only career path she could take.

She started to wonder if she was talking herself into becoming Steve's trophy bimbo.

There were definite positives. Steve had offered permanency for her big breasts; she wouldn't have to worry about his company or his affection. He'd offered a good job or capital which she could use to start a business. On the negative side, he hadn't offered marriage and he'd made it clear his offer wasn't for a life-long relationship. It sounded just like the trophy wife contract she'd learned about from Tiffany on Saturday. A rich guy hires a busty sex toy with the expectation that he'll turn her in for a new model when she hits 40 or so; she agrees to the deal to get a nice lifestyle and a financial package. It certainly wasn't what she'd expected for herself.

If she was too big to be on the TV News she'd need a job. Steve's offer was as good or better than anything she was likely to land on her own. Was that Tiff's reasoning? Tiff seemed very content in her role as a trophy and she wasn't even getting good sex. By contrast, Steve was a great lover. Having a relationship with him over the next ten years or so would be very sexually pleasing.

Candace was ashamed at how she'd thought of Tiff when they first met. Perhaps Tiff had the right view of how to be happy in life. Maybe Candace's dream of a TV career was just like Tiff's thoughts of starting as a cheerleader and then becoming an actress. Pretty girls sometimes had dreams that just didn't work out. It was good to have a Plan B as Tiff had done; be found by and signed up by a rich husband. Tiff had been smart to have a Plan B. Candace had been the airhead.

A third scotch was poured as Candace thought about her big tits. She was certain that Steve had made them. She'd thought of him as the Devil for doing that to her but had also grown to love having a voluptuous body. She really couldn't imagine going back to her old body. The exact cup size wasn't critical but keeping them larger than her natural A cup certainly was. 

Candace's hands roamed over her chest. Her tits felt great. Dropping her hand down to feel her waist and hips confirmed her exaggerated hour glass shape- the envy of many and the driver of Steve's lust. She needed to consult with Steve's doctor to find out about the new implants.

The phrase 'Size matters' popped up in Candace's mind as she weighed her large breasts. While the phrase was usually focused on cocks it was equally applicable to breast size. She couldn't lose her tits. Everything in life had changed for her as her tits had grown. While there were creepy aspects of Steve's secret actions she was much happier now than when they'd first met. Her sex life was ten times better; her career had zoomed and she felt better about herself.

This all meant that preserving her breasts should be her top priority. She texted Steve with a request that he send her biological info to the doctor and set up an appointment ASAP. She really had mixed feelings about her huge breasts; there was a part of her that loved being Steve's sex object. After a few more sips of scotch she decided to make the best of her current condition and sent him another text which said, "Titfuck my E cup tits? Now?"

Candace's phone chirped: "Love to. Be there in 15."

Steve arrived and hugged her. The couple then kissed passionately. Within a few minutes Steve had Candace's blouse off. He stared longing at her huge breasts which were barely contained by her bra. As he was unhooking her bra he said, "I 'm guessing your breasts didn't shrink today as you'd hoped. Obviously there's a part of me that feels sorry for you but there's a very hard cock in my pants that loves your breasts just as they are."

"I know. That's why I invited you. Rather than angst over my size I thought I'd share my endowment with your cock which seems to have a particular affinity to oversized breasts."

With the bra discarded Steve's hands caressed her breasts and he told how spectacular they looked and felt. She moaned with arousal as his palms rubbed over her protruding nipples. After a minute of fondling Steve looked around the room. He concluded that if Candace sat on one of the dining room chairs her tits would align well with his cock. He pulled the chair out and turned it away from the table. Using just his eyes he gestured to the chair. Candace understood his plan and sat down using just the front half of the chair and spreading her legs as wide as she could. This allowed him to step close with his cock sticking up at an angle just an inch or two away from her deep cleavage.

She said, "I assume you'd like saliva as natural lube rather than anything out of a tube. I think we've already agreed that a little friction is good and you like to watch me lube you up naturally." Candace made an odd facial movement which Steve intuitively knew meant she was collecting saliva in her mouth. She bent over to lower her head and he brought his cock to her mouth. She opened and enveloped his cock in her moistened mouth. Using her tongue she did her best to tease him while getting him wet. After 30 seconds she pulled back and tipped her head- dribbling saliva onto her upper chest so it could slide down into her cleavage. She collected some more saliva and repeated her dribbling with a target about 3 inches lower- right between her breasts.

Lifting her head and pushing her breasts forward she looked into his eyes and said, "Enjoy."

Steve moved forward and rested his erect cock between her massive breasts. Simultaneously Candace let some added saliva drop from her mouth - landing just above his cockhead. She placed a hand to the outside of her rack on both sides and pushed inward- enveloping him in the wet cushiony softness of her tits.

Steve loved the sight of his cock being squeezed in her flesh. The sensuous feel of her soft tits conforming to his shaft and being pressed into a sexy sleeve for his pleasure was hugely exciting. He could visualize how good it was going to feel as he was about to thrust in this tunnel.

He drew back his cock an inch or two and then thrust upward into the heart of her pillowy tits. As he did a mix of a moan and growl escaped from his lips. He then said, "So good. Spectacular to look at and heaven to fuck."

"Glad you like them," quipped Candace. "There's a lot of flesh being wasted here. You either need to double the size of your cock or I might as well be a D or DD. Right now we're being wasteful."

"Wasteful is just fine by me. I know you want to be smaller. Hopefully you'll be a DD tomorrow and you'll be so grateful that you'll invite me to fuck you like this again."

"Consider yourself invited. If I'm a DD you can fuck my tits just about any time you want."

Steve repeated his plunging upward and withdrawing slowly. His movements were deliberate rather than forceful as he knew that her tits were sensitive and shouldn't be treated too roughly. If he bruised her she wouldn't be so keen to repeat the encounter a day later. Keeping the pace under control also let him savor the experience- it was like luxuriating in a sip of fine wine rather than downing a shot of liquor. He loved to pound her with his cock but her tits called for a different approach. Her breasts felt great.

Candace interrupted his thoughts by telling him to stop for a second while she added some more lube. He was again enthralled by watching her saliva drop from her mouth to his cockhead and to see his cock disappear into her cleavage. Seconds later he told her how obscenely great that had looked as he pumped his cock more forcefully into the wet tunnel.

His arousal was increasing and they both knew he'd be reaching his climax soon. Candace teased him by saying, "You're going to make a mess on my beautiful big breasts very soon. I can feel it. Your cock has gotten even harder. The pressure is building up. I'm sure you can feel it; my tits are just too big and sensuous for you."

Steve grunted in implicit agreement and thrust a little harder. Candace squeezed her breasts tighter saying, "Go on...spurt on me. That's what tits this big are for- draining a horn dog's hard cock."

With that Steve gasped and Candace could feel his body tense as his cock twitched to produce 2 or 3 firm spurts and several smaller jerks that were either small ejaculations or dry ones. Candace held her tits tightly around him - not wanting to spoil his pleasure. Only when she was sure he was done did she gradually back her hands off. As her breasts returned to their normal position his cock emerged-in a semi- erect state glistening with saliva and semen. Her breasts were also coated with their fluids in a post orgasm tableau. A few ropes of the mess stretched between them before breaking and falling onto her.
