 Alessa took a deep, nervous breath to try and still the butterflies flying around in her stomach as she looked herself over in the mirror. Staring back was a beautiful woman, wearing a dress so thin and revealing, she thought of it as little more than a cloth with strings. It was the kind of thing that she'd expect a cheap whore to wear.

The word burned deep into her mind, it made her feel dirty in the best way. However it was the wrong word to describe her: A whore had sex for money. No, she wasn't a whore at all, she was something else.

"Slut." 

Saying the word just excited her more, even though it was more like a whisper as it left her lips. It was more complex than simple excitement, there was also a sense of shame mixed in, which left her mind confused. Her body, however, was completely sure how it felt, as she was reminded of the wetness between her legs.

Unable to hold back any longer, she started to rub her clit over her dress. She closed her eyes, leaned back in her chair, and opened her legs a little, allowing the pleasure to slowly build inside her. Her other hand reached up, and cupped one of her breasts, rolling her hard nipple in between her thumb and forefinger. After a few minutes small moans escaped from her mouth, as she felt herself approach orgasm.

"Hey, Alessa. Sorry for being la-, oh, uhm, sorry."

Alessa opened her eyes, and glanced behind her shoulder, to see Annabell standing in the doorway. Her cheeks were burning red, and her gaze was now focused squarely at a loose floorboard. 

"What's the matter, saw something you like?"

Alessa stood up, and straightened out the wrinkles in her dress. A quick glance at the mirror revealed that her erect nipples were now quite visible through the material of her dress, and there was a slight wet spot below her hips. When Annabell's eyes traveled up from the floor, it was clear that she noticed those details, as well.

As Alessa looked over Annabell, in her long conservative priestess robes, Alessa realized just how exposed she was. She thought back how the only thing the two shared in common was a gender. Alessa was short, athletic, with short black hair, and tanned olive skin, breasts which comfortably fit in a 28B bra. Annabell, on the other hand was tall, with blond hair that reached down to her hips, and could just about squeeze into a 44E. 

However, they didn't just differ physically. Where Alessa was aggressive, Annabell was passive. Where Alessa was loud, Annabell was quiet. Where Alessa was flirtatious, Annabell was timid. Where Alessa was openly sexual, Annabell was chaste.

Despite all of this, Alessa considered Annabell her best friend and closest confidant. That much was obvious just from the fact that she told Annabell her plan.

Alessa was not only the daughter of Fendric Sassiet, a highly respected general, but she was also a fairly accomplished captain in her own right. If what she was going to do tonight got out, not only would it spell dishonor for her family name, but the higher ups would probably consider her desires to be a potential liability if she was captured by the enemy. One minor mistake tonight, and her whole life would be ruined.

"Are you absolutely sure you want to go through with this?" Annabell asked after regaining some of her composure.

Alessa closed her eyes, and asked herself the same question. When she opened them next, a smile had crept onto her face. "Hell yes, I am."

Annabell let out a long sigh, she knew that she wasn't going to change her friend's mind. Alessa never changed her mind once she made a decision, but Annabell hoped this would be the exception that proved the rule. She considered telling Alessa that she wasn't going to be supporting her stupid decisions, but Annabell knew that Alessa would do it with or without her. At least this way, she would be as safe as possible.

Annabell could understand her friends actions to some degree though. It started when Alessa was ordered to station her troops at a small city on the outskirts of the empire, something about scouts reporting seeing large numbers of orcs in the surrounding countryside, and fears of an orc army. If there was an army amassing just outside their front door, then it sure was taking its damn time. So far they had been stationed there for almost eight months, without sight or smell of a single orc, and orc stench was hard to miss.

When you're deep in enemy territory, or on the frontline of a battle, you don't think about sex. Each person's training kicks in, and he or she becomes little more than an animal; a wolf. They will kill without hesitation or remorse. They operate in a pack, no one questioning their place within the structure, merely doing what's expected of them. Even when completely isolated, they're still dangerous, and shouldn't be taken lightly.

However, once you take them out of that situation, the wolf quickly goes away. Once again, laughter can be heard making its way through the barracks. People start to ease up on their duties. Their sex drive returns. In fact, their sex drive seems to return twice as powerful as before, as if to make up for lost time. Sex suddenly became one of the sole focuses of every soldier, even if it isn't outwardly apparent.

This hit Alessa harder than her fellow soldiers, not just because she refused to indulge in her fetish, but also due to the fact that she hadn't had sex all together for about three years. One part of that came from a fear that doing so would cause her to form unconscious attachments, which could cloud her decision making in the future. The other part was that she just didn't have time. 

Her father was intent on having her take his spot when he retired. To this end he made sure she was constantly bombarded with work, to the point where she didn't even have the time or energy to masturbate most days. And of course this still applied even when she was stuck watching trees out in the middle of nowhere.

This was the only day she had off since she arrived, and she was certain that if she didn't use it to properly satisfy herself, she would end up going insane. She put the first pieces into play a long time ago. Within a month of arriving, she realized that she would be here a long time, Alessa managed to acquire monthly funds for, 'Teamwork Strengthening and Relaxation Sessions', or as she liked to call them, gangbangs. The money would go to hiring, and transporting, up to two dozen high class prostitutes for one night of anything the soldiers wanted. 

Alessa was also sure to employ the help of some of her lieutenants, to help enforce a ban on any and all sexual acts taking place at any other time than the government funded gangbangs. On the surface, this was there because the soldiers should always be focused on their jobs first and foremost. The real reason was that Alessa wanted these men as pent up as possible.

With all that out of the way, the rest of Alessa's master plan was deceptively simple, all she had to do sneak her way into the group of prostitutes, and then let nature take its course. Once everyone was done and turned in for the night, she would sneak back to her quarters. She would have to figure out cleaning herself off later.

Of course, there was one tiny piece missing from her perfect mosaic of a plan, all of her men would recognize her instantly. She gave them orders every morning, ate with them three times a day, hell, she had personally saved at least half their lives one time or another, and at least a quarter had personally saved hers. It wouldn't matter if she dyed her hair, wore glasses, and/or put on half an inch of makeup, as long as they were thinking straight, they would recognize her the instant they saw her. That's where Annabell came in.

Alessa was drawn out of her contemplation, when she felt Annabell's hand on her shoulder. The grip was hard, steady, controlling. Alessa could feel herself melting in it. Looking up at Annabell's face, she realized that Annabell had managed to get over her nervousness rather quickly.

"On your knees." Annabell said sharply.

Alessa dutifully obeyed, lowering herself onto her knees and placed her hands neatly into her lap. She had to tilt to her head up to look at Annabell, a mischievous smile painted on her face. 

"I thought you said you weren-"

"Shut up. I need to focus." 

"Sorry, Mistress." Alessa responded without thinking. 

Annabell shot her glare, before closing her eyes, and placing her hands above Alessa's head. Multicolored sparks began to fly through the air, and she could feel the magic begin to flow all around her. 

Alessa lowered her head, before her she got a cramp in her neck. Without anything else to do, she let her mind wander. She couldn't help but wonder if she would still be going through with this plan of hers if Annabell was bi. 

After a couple more minutes of waiting Annabell spoke up again.

"Alright, you can get up now."

"Really, is it working? I don't feel any different." Alessa said, pushing herself back up onto her feet.

"Well, it's not supposed to do anything to you, it affects everyone around you." Annabell said straightening out her sleeves. "Don't you know what it does?"

"Yes. Believe it or not, I actually did my homework, before I decided to risk my entire career." Alessa responded, somewhat indignantly. 

"Okay, then tell me."

Alessa sighed. "It changes how people perceive me. I don't look any different to them, but they won't connect the me they see tonight, to the me they'll see next morning."

"Correct, mostly," Annabell said, seemingly somewhat surprised that Alessa remembered that much, "You forgot one important detail, though, the spell only works as long they have no reason to suspect that you would be there."

"Why would they, though? As far as they're concerned, I'm their overworked, professional, proud captain. They wouldn't think I'd be a cheap whore in a thousand years. It's foolproof."

"Alright, just be careful. You have to remember this spell is banned, if you're caught, it's my job on the line as well."

"Don't worry so much." Replied Alessa, as she made her way to the door, eager to get started. She placed her hand on the doorknob, and turned back towards Annabell, "Actually, could please do me one more tiny favor?"

Annabell turned towards Alessa, intent on saying no. She saw that Alessa had put on her best puppy dog face, big brown eyes and a quivering lower lip begging Annabell to reconsider. 

Alessa couldn't help but giggle, as she saw her friends face turn bright red for the second time that night. What are you, five years old, Annabell thought to herself.

"Fine, whatever."

~~~

Both girls hearts pounded heavily in their chests, as they stood in the doorway of the barracks. Annabell's was due to her embarrassment, nervousness, and general undefined fear. Alessa's, however, was filling her with excitement, it was more intense than anything she expected.

The first thing Alessa saw, was a woman with hair in a long red braid, bent over a bed. Her hands and feet were tied to the legs of the bed, forcing her limbs far apart. There was a blindfold covering her eyes, as a man pushed himself into her mouth and down her throat. On the other side of her, another man repeatedly slammed his cock into her, her braid wrapped around his hand as he pulled her head back.

Then her eyes traveled to a soldier, sitting on the edge of his bed while twin dark elves knelt in front of him. Both of them had one of his hands on their head, guiding their synchronized movements, as they ran their tongues along his shaft. One of them moved up and took his throbbing cockhead into her mouth, and without missing a beat, the other moved down to take his balls in her mouth.

Her eyes were torn away from that scene as she heard an, unmistakably feminine, ear piercing scream of pleasure. She saw one of her female soldiers shake in ecstasy as she sat on top of the face of a whore. Another female soldier, pumped a dildo in and out of the whore's asshole with one hand, while the other was busy between her own legs.

On the floor, a Therian hungrily bounced her hips on top of a particularly young soldier, probably still in his early twenties. Her fur was calico, with a white underbelly. She had two pointy cat-like ears coming out the top of her head, and a long tail. She held his arms above his head, with one of her hands, while her other ran down his bare chest, her claws leaving light marks on his skin. Alessa was momentarily hypnotized by the Therians, generously proportioned, bouncing breasts. 

She was snapped out of her transfixed state when she felt Annabell's grip on her hair pull up, forcing Alessa to stand on her toes. Annabell cleared her throat, trying to get the attention of everyone in the room. It was drowned out by the sounds of moaning, and wet slapping filling the room. She tried again, a little louder this time, only to get the same effect.

"Come on, is that all you got?" Alessa asked, glancing sideways at her friend, a smirk on her face.

Annabell didn't want to be here, in fact she hated it. The only she was here was to help out her friend, and when that same friend taunted her, even if just a little, something inside of her snapped. She moved her head and took ahold of the hair on the back of Alessa's head, pulling her in close.

"Listen here, you little slut," Annabell said, her voice a low growl, "Right now, you're not a military captain, alright? You're just another piece of meat, here solely for the pleasure of others, so I think it's time you drop that fucking attitude. Now apologize."

Alessa stared at her, wide eyed for a second, before her mischievous smile returned. "And what will you do to me, if I don't? Puni-"

Alessa was cut off when she felt Annabell forcibly turn her around, and shove her neck down, so she was bent over. Just as Alessa was going to ask what Annabell was doing she felt Annabell pull her dress up over her waist. A second later she felt Annabell's open palm smack her bare ass hard enough to leave an imprint of her hand in the soft flesh. Alessa let out a yelp, as her brain felt with a sudden mix of surprise, pain, and arousal.

"You were saying something?" 

"I'm sorry for being rude to you."

"That's better." 

Annabell moved her hand down to Alessa's wet pussy, found her erect clit, and started to rub it. Annabell felt a little awkward rubbing her friend off, but some part of her told her that Alessa deserved a reward for being a good girl. Annabell glanced to her side, and saw a small crowd of people watching her. She blushed, and suddenly felt very awkward again, but did her best to try and stay in control.

"N-now, why don't you tell everyone your little message." Annabell's voice failed her for a second, but she managed to recover quickly.

Alessa turned her head, the looks on the faces of the people looking at her confirmed that they didn't know who she really was. "I have something to tell you all." Alyssa briefly considered telling them the truth, "I tried to sneak away after getting paid. I'm really sorry, I wasn't thinking, but I learned my lesson, and I'll even take a cut for tonight's work, so there's no reas-"

"Shut up, bitch," 

Said one of the men, stepping out of the crowd, his two friends following behind. Alessa recognized him as Letholdus. He stood about a head above everyone, had bronzed skin, and spent enough time on the training course so that his muscles would stand out even next to his fellow soldiers. On the battlefield Alessa knew he was focused, skilled, and most importantly, he followed orders, even if he disagreed with them. 

However, outside of combat, Alessa found his personality somewhere between charming, and absolutely annoying. He would flirt fairly regularly with her, but his charming and witty demeanor, meant that she'd occasionally find herself flirting back. The problem was that he didn't know when to stop, so much so that she had to threaten him with court-martial to finally get him to stop, multiple times.

To his right was Thadrian, a short stocky, but nevertheless well built man, with black hair. He was a good soldier, rather he was great at killing things, but not the best with orders. Alessa had long since learned the best thing to do was just put him on the front lines, and pity anything that got in the way of his sword.

His lust for fighting seemed to double back on base. As soon as he was finished in the chapel, healing off whatever injuries he sustained in the most recent skirmish, he was sparing someone. She had quickly learned that if he didn't work off the energy, he'd just get into actual fights instead. Alessa soon became his most common partner, as she was happy to get an excuse to get away from her paperwork, and she suspected that most of the other soldiers were too afraid of him.

Finally, to Letholdus' left, was Terrowin, only a little shorter than Letholdus, with long blond hair tied back in a ponytail. His most noticeable feature were his ice cold eyes. Alessa always felt like that thousand meter stare could see straight into her soul. He was a marksman, and one of the best Alessa had ever seen. She remembered asking why he wasn't working for the king's personal guard when she saw him hit a target from over 400 meters. His response was simply to shrug and offer a noncommittal noise, before drawing another arrow. 

Somewhat unusually, his personality didn't change much from battle to boredom. Though, calling it a personality might be a bit generous. He didn't seem to care about much of anything. Out in the field, Alessa was happy to have such a talented soldier who followed orders without question, however back on base she couldn't help but wonder if there was some trauma he was hiding.

"Stand up." Said Lethodolus, snapping Alessa out of her thoughts.

Alessa quickly obeyed, standing up, and turning to look at him. As she did so, she realized just how much taller than her he was. He grabbed her chin, as his two companions walked around Alessa. She tried to look and see what they were doing, but Lethodolus' grip held her chin firmly in place.

Alessa was curious about what they were doing, but felt like she would be breaking some unspoken rule if she asked. Suddenly she felt two calloused hands pull her dress down over her breasts, quickly followed by her hands being pulled behind her back. Before she could respond, she felt rope being wrapped around her wrists. The rigger quickly finished with that and began tying some kind of harness which forced her breasts together.

"Good girl," said Lethodolus, "if you keep this up, then we might treat you gently. Though something tells me you like the rough treatment." He said forcing a hand between her legs. She let out a small yelp from the sudden action. "What, nothing else to say?" Lethodolus asked, smirking at her.

"I think I'm going to go." Annabell said, making motions for the door.

"Oh, I'm sorry," said Lethodolus, as he removed his finger from Alessa's cunt, and forced them into her mouth. "She was yours, wasn't she? We can let you handle her if you want."

Annabell's eyes widened and she threw up her hands, "What? No. I'm good."

"You sure?" Lethodolus asked as he started to pump his fingers in and out of Alessa's mouth.

"Positive." Annabell said, before backing out of the doorway, and hurriedly making her way back towards the church.

Lethodolus watched her go, before shrugging his shoulders and returning his attention to Alessa. Terrowin finished the last knot on the harness and stepped back, appreciating his work. Thadrian placed one hand on her bound wrists, pushing them forward, while his other hand was on her hips, keeping her legs in place. Before she knew it, Alessa had her face buried in Lethodolus' crotch. 

"Can't wait, huh?" He said removing his fingers from her mouth, and moving his grip to the back of her head. "Why don't you show me just how much you want this cock in your mouth."
