 This ongoing sci-fi series will contain non-consensual elements.

***

I shielded my eyes from the bright explosion. Then there was nothing. The Calypso was gone. I was heartbroken.

Talia clung to me.

Thankfully, I saw blinking lights of other escape pods nearby. I hoped everyone had gotten out in time.

"You better put your uniform on." I said.

The pod was built for two, but it was still a bit awkward as she squeezed into her coveralls.

I tried the radio. It was just static.

"We should be able to contact the other pods." I said.

Talia just shook her head. She was still in shock.

It could be damaged. I looked out of the viewport to try and see what the problem might be, then I saw it. Another ship. My worst fear had been realized. At first, I suspected that the stricken vessel had exploded and caused too much damage to our own ship, but it was obvious now. It had been an ambush.

The ship was massive. Bigger than the Calypso. 

"Who are they." Talia said fearfully.

I gripped my lazer pistol tightly. "Pirates. They must be jamming out communications."

As it loomed closer I could see that its hull was covered in battle scars. Despite its size I reckoned in a fair fight the Calypso could have easily taken it.

I'd never heard of a pirate successfully destroying a UEN ships like ours before. They mostly targetted traders. It was too much trouble for them. We also never carried any cargo of any worth.

Suddenly our pod was bathed in blue light. It was a magnetic tractor beam.

"Hold on." I said, as our small little craft was pulled towards the larger ship.

There wasn't much to fight with. All I had was my lazer pistol.

I fastened the last few brass buttons of my tunic, and tied my hair up with a spare hair band I had in my pocket.

"Remember, name, rank, serial number." I said, with as much confidence as I could muster.

"What do they want with us?" Talia asked.

"Ransom."

Poor Talia wasn't prepared for this. She'd had the basic training for things like this, but her inexperience showed. I needed to keep her close.

Our pod was pulled into what looked like a large hanger bay. It was dark and ominous.

I could see other pods around us. Some of them were opening up.

I took a deep breath and opened the hatch. We climbed out. It was freezing and there was a bad smell of oil and machinery in the air. Not at all like our clean ship. This place looked like a dump. There were heaps of trash dotted around, and a few junked ships pilled on top of each other.

Some of the crew noticed me, and called out to each other saying that the Captain was alive. I didn't see any other officers.

They grouped around me asking what had happened. I was as clueless as them.

Then I saw one other officer, it was an engineer named Dex.

Thankfully he had some information to share. He had been on duty at the time of the explosion.

He told us that they came out from behind the lifeless moon and immediately opened fire. We had no chance to respond. They got lucky too, and managed to damage one of our main engines, causing a catastrophic chain reaction. He said they were probably as surprised as we were.

If we had survived the first assault our return fire would have surely dealt them a heavier blow.

As he told the story, I realized that there was only about fifty of us, out of a crew of five hundred that was a terrible price.

"What will they do with us." Another crew member asked. 

I assured them like I did with Talia, that they would want to keep us safe for ransom.

Of course the UEN very rarely negotiated with pirates. It would set a bad precedent. Still there was hope of a rescue mission. They wouldn't face the humiliation of its personnel being held captive.

Suddenly light filled the hanger and there was a booming voice.

"Drop your weapons." It didn't come from a person, instead it came from speakers.

A few of the other crew had sidearms like me. It was pointless keeping them.

"Drop your weapons everyone." I commanded, as I put my pistol on the bare metal floor.

Talia stayed close, I could tell she wanted to hold onto me, but that would be right. Not in this situation. Truth be told I wanted to hold her too. We were in a very dangerous predicament.

Minutes passed and figures appeared. Humans wearing mismatching ballistic armor and carrying lazer rifles. They looked disorganized but deadly.

As they encircled us, we grouped together tightly.

"Who's in charge." One of the barked.

I swallowed hard and stepped forward.

"My name is Captain Emrah Jackson, of the United..."

"Silence." He shouted, cutting me off.

He threw a sack filled with bindings at my feet.

"Put these on, hands behind your backs."

As I handed them out to our crew I tried my best to reassure them. I was the last to attach them to my wrists.

**********

We were led deeper into the ship. Then we were split up. The officers, which comprised myself, Talia and Dex the engineer were taken to the bridge. While the rest of the crew were taken elsewhere.

As we walked I heard two of out captors wondering if their Captain would allow them to have some fun with the female crew members. My blood ran cold at the thought.

The bridge was dark. There were only a few lights, most of them looked burnt out or smashed. The operation consoles looked functional though.

There were piles of weapons on tables. Old food containers scattered everywhere. I could see rust on the walls and there was a strong smell of alcohol and sweat in the air. The bottom of my leather boots were almost sticking to the filthy floor. There was no real discipline here, at least not the kind that I was used to.

We were lined up, and told to wait for the Captain.

Dex seemed quiet and accepting of his fate. Talia on the other hand looked ready to faint. I could see her visibly trembling.

"It will be okay." I whispered.

"My name is Killian. You will address me as, Sir." A loud voice said, behind us.

It must be their Captain, I thought.

I heard him approaching us, I didn't turn.

My body stiffened as I felt his hand on my shoulder, and then something being wrapped around my neck. It was a collar.

"I put this on all my property, keeps them obedient."

It was some sort of electronic restraint. Mostly used for prisoners in high max facilities.

I could hear him chuckle as he put ones around Talia and Dex.

Then he stepped into view. He looked us over, I didn't like how his gaze lingered over Talia.

He was a great big brute of a man, well over six feet tall. His body rippled with muscles. He was shirtless, and his barrel chest was covered in tattoos and scars. There was a long dark scar running the length of his shaved scalp. On his belt was a little device. Most likely the control for our collars.

"Are you the Captain?" He asked, smirking.

"I am Captain Emrah Jackson, of the United Earth Navy." I said, firmly.

He grinned. "And you?" He said to Talia.

Her voice quivered. "I am Junior Officer Talia, Communications specialist."

He loomed over her causing her voice to crack.

He chuckled.

"Don't be shy." He said softly. Then he reached out cupping her breast. His grin widened as he gave it a firm squeeze. Talia tried to wriggle away, but one of his crewmen stood behind her, holding her in place.

"Stop that right now." I shouted.

I was about to recite the universal treaty on how prisoners should be treated, when he pressed a button on his belt. Suddenly the collar around my neck tightened and sent electric pulses throughout my body. I fell to my knees in agony.

His eyes fixed on mine as he gave Talia's breast one last squeeze. I could see how much he was enjoying it. His men were murmuring in the background too, obviously enjoying the entertainment.

"What do you address me as?" He asked, releasing my collar.

"Sir." I said, thankfully for the pain to have stopped.

"On your feet girl." He said, standing over me now.

I rose on shaky knees. As long as he left Talia alone everything would be okay.

Dex stayed quiet. It was very smart of him not to draw attention.

"A Captain of the UEN. Never in a thousand lifetimes would I have dreamed of having one on my ship." 

He looked me up and down. "Pretty too, for your age." He said, and stroked the side of my cheek. I pulled away sharply.

"Feisty." He shouted to his men, who laughed along with him.

"You will fetch me a good price." He said.

He leaned in close, I could smell the alcohol on his breath.

"You do as you're told." He whispered. "And I won't feel the need to give Junior Officer Talia to my men."

"Yes, Sir." I said bitterly.

He walked away barking orders at his men. He told them to open a communication channel to the UEN and to take Talia and Dex below and put them with the rest of the crew.

I was alone now. No doubt here to be paraded in front of my superiors. To show them he wasn't lying when he asked for his ransom.

Killian sat down in his command chair and beckoned me closer.

"Come girl. I want them to see you."

I went forward and stood by his side, trying my best to compose myself.

"You can do better than that." He said, mockingly.

He scooped me up and planted me on his knee. His thick arm wrapped around my waist, holding me close to him. My arms were still bound behind me back, I couldn't stop him.

"Waiting on a response, Sir." A voice said, behind me.

"I was surprised to find your ship out here." He said.

His other hand was stroking my leg. I kept them closed, and stayed silent. I had to play his little game for now.

"We usually attract smaller ships. We took a risk with you. I'm glad it paid off." He said, and squeezed my knee.

"Not many female captains in the UEN. Is that why you were so easy to capture?"

His fingers pressed into my thigh, trying to push my legs apart.

"You need a real man to show you how to command."

It was no use, his hand was too strong. I felt his fingers move between my thighs.

"If they don't want to pay, you can be my pet. You would love the type of orders I would give you." He said, chuckling to himself.

I tried to squirm away as his hand moved closer to my pussy.

"Comms up, Sir." A voice said.

Killian grumbled, removing his hand. As he did, he pressed a button on the collar device again. I braced for the pain, but it didn't come.

"This is Killian. Who am I speaking too?" He barked.

The collar tightened, but there was a different sensation. It felt warm and pleasing. What was it?

On the view screen there was a man in an Admirals uniform. He demanded to know what was going on. Killian made his demand and explained that he had destroyed our ship, and taken captives. He made me give my name and rank, and I confirmed what had happened.

"We do not negotiate with pirates." The Admiral said. "Release our prisoners now, or there will be dire consequences for you."

Killian laughed.

"Dire consequences, indeed!" He said, loudly and tore open my tunic. I gasped at the suddenness and power of it. Brass buttons flew everywhere clanking over the metal surfaces. Luckily it didn't open all the way, saving my blushes.

I could see the Admiral sit up straighter at the sight. Here he was, watching a fellow UEN officer be humiliated like this.

"Tell me about these consequences." Killian said, as he slipped his hand under the tunic and started to gently massage my breast.

The Admiral a bit more flustered now, repeated what he had said.

The warm feeling form the collar was increasing, it wasn't exactly pleasurable, it just made everything less unpleasant.

Killian again repeated his demand of ten million credits in exchange for our crew.

I felt my nipple harden against his palm, He smiled and tugged at it softly. I winced and felt a warmth between my legs. Whatever this collar was doing, it was powerful.

The Admiral pleaded now, saying it was impossible, and he should release us now.

Killian opened my tunic further. Presenting my bare chest for the officer to see. It wasn't just him, the rest of the pirate crew looked on gleefully. There were only five or six of them though.

"You don't want this back?" He said, and jiggled my breast up and down playfully.

The Admiral demanded that he stop this charade, Killian just laughed and said he could do what he wanted.

To prove his point, he grabbed my collar and pulled my face to his. My lips stayed shut as he kissed me, I tried my best to wriggle away, but he held me firmly. The collar buzzed, sending warm feelings through my body. It felt so good. His tongue probed at my soft lips, eventually it found an opening. I could taste the liquor in his mouth as he kissed me harder. His tongue wasn't gentle or loving, it was fast and aggressive. The stubble from his face burned my skin, and I accepted my fate.

Then he released me. A big smile on his face.

"There are many women in my cells, Admiral."

I started to realize why women weren't encouraged for combat vessels.

Finally, the Admiral relented and said they would meet his demands. They gave coordinates for the hand over, and Killian promised not to harm the crew any further.

"That wasn't so hard was it." Killian said, as the view screen went blank.

His hand was on my leg again, stroking. It didn't feel so bad this time.

"The collar isn't just for pain. It's for pleasure too." He said smugly. "It heightens any pleasurable feeling. It can be very addictive."

This time he didn't need to force my legs open. He slid his hand between my thighs easily. I couldn't look at him as his thick strong fingers massaged my pussy. The warmth filled my body again. I tried fighting against it, but every time I tried to clear my head, the warmth returned stronger.

Just a little more and then I will tell him to stop.

"It will be a shame to give you up." He said, as I let out an involuntary moan.

"Get on your knees Captain, and I won't feel the need to seek pleasure elsewhere tonight."

I thought about Talia. Oh, that poor girl, I couldn't put her through this. Besides, the warmth was running fiercely through my body, I didn't want it to end.

He helped me between his legs as my arms were still bound. The metal deck stung my knees.

He started to unbutton his trousers.

"If it's any consolation, I would have made you do this in front of the Admiral if he hadn't relented so easily."

He pulled his cock out, it was hard and thick.

My heart was pounding, I knew I shouldn't, but the collar had such an effect on me. He grinned, he knew I was reluctant.

I just needed a push, which came in the form of his hand of the back of my head. In seconds his dick was against my lips, and then inside. It slid quickly into my willing mouth.

It had been years since I had been with a man in this way. It made me gag at first, but it felt so good. I sucked it further in.

He was so thick it made my jaw ache.

His big hand was almost wrapped fully around my head as I moved up and down, sucking and sucking.

"You're a terrible Captain, but a good little cocksucker." He laughed. I heard a few of his crew shout encouragement. I tried blocking them out.

My lips wrapped around his shaft tightly as I sucked him. After a few minutes, his hand moved away letting me go at my own pace. I concentrated on sucking the tip, flicking my tongue over it. It was hard to do with my arms bound behind my back. Sometimes his cock slipped out of my mouth, and I struggled to get it back in. I could hear jeering behind me as I did. My pussy was dripping.

It wasn't long before he came into my mouth, there was a lot, and he made a pleasing noise. I swallowed as much as I could. I was still sucking as he started to go limp. I didn't want it to end.

It didn't.

I felt a hand on my head again. It wasn't Killian it was one of his crew. His fingers took a handful of my hair and turned me around roughly. I didn't see his face, just his cock as it was pushed into my mouth. 

I wasn't sucking now, I was held firmly as he fucked my mouth.

"Fucking UEN scum." He said, as his dick hit the back of my throat over and over again. Saliva ran down my chin and dripped onto my bare breasts. It felt wonderful. The collar pulsed faster and faster.

There were more hands now, someone was behind me feeling my ass. His middle finger pressed hard into my crack, as I was getting throat fucked.

I heard one of them pleading with Killian to let them use me in other ways, but he refused, he didn't want me catching anything. The less harm the better, he said.

Another loud groan and my mouth was filled with cum.

The next man was more gentle, letting me take my time.

My mind was a haze as his men took turns with me.

At one point my arm bindings were released. Rather than thinking about escape I used my new-found freedom to better serve these men. I stroked and fondled their balls. Jerking them off while I licked their cocks.

Sometimes one would kneel next to me, and play with my tits, or stroke my pussy. It would make my body shiver all over with excitement.

One of them spanked me hard, making me squeal. Everyone roared with laughter. He did it a few more times, and then gave my tits a good slap too. I didn't care.

I wanted them to fuck me. My pussy ached in anticipation. I tried to undo the bindings on my trousers, but my hands were pushed away.

It felt as if the collar wasn't going to let me orgasm, it just kept me teetering on the edge. 

I don't remember how many men I serviced. I just remember the feeling of exhaustion wash over me.

"You've had your fun. Let her be now." Killian said to his men.

I collapsed on the cold metal floor. I sucked on my bottom lip wishing it would never end.

"Come to me, girl." He ordered.

I looked up, he was sat in his chair, with a bottle in his hand. I crawled to him slowly, my ass wiggling as I did. The band in my hair had snapped and my hair hung loose against my head. I didn't know where my tunic was, it had been removed at some point.

As I got closer he patted his knee with a big grin on his face.

He was enjoying it. His adversary brought to her knees so readily, completely under his control. Defeated and broken.

With a lot of effort I climbed into his lap.

"You like that, didn't you?" He said, smugly.

"Yes, Sir." I said, and tried to kiss him.

He pushed me back, and poured some liquor into my mouth. I knew why he did it.

I swished it around and swallowed it.

This time he let me kiss him. He let me be gentle. My hands softly caressed his chest. I was treating him more like a lover than a captor.

I could hear the other men talking and getting the ship ready. They had their fun and were getting back to work.

As Killian gave them orders I wrapped my arms around his neck and rested my head on his chest. The warm feeling was still with me. It wasn't as intense, it was more like a comforting embrace.

He held me tightly in his lap

"It's a shame to give you away. It would be good to have a woman like you around for entertainment."

I nodded.

"If we had more time, I would take you to my quarters and bed you properly." He said. "You'd like that wouldn't you?"

"Yes, Sir."

He chuckled.

Eventually Killian ordered me to join the rest of my crew. 

As I was thrown into a solitary cell next to my friends what ever the collar had done was stopped, leaving me suddenly felling cold and ashamed. I held my returned tunic closed with my hands, not believing what I had done.

Talia was in the cell next to me. She didn't ask me what had happened. The state of me told her all she needed to know.

Hopefully this nightmare would be over soon. I felt the rumble of engines being started. We were on the move.