 This ongoing sci-fi series will contain non-consensual elements.

***

"The Captain wants you looking presentable." One of the guards said. I was still in my cell, and he handed me a handful of brass buttons, with a needle and thread.

He licked his lips at me, as I took them. As he walked away, he blew a kiss at Talia in the next cell. She was holding onto her knees in the corner, trying to look small.

I didn't know if he was one of the men who I had serviced the night before. It wasn't something I wanted to think about. As long as my crew were safe, I said to myself, over and over again.

The engines were still humming loudly. Not like the Calypso at all. This thing wasn't built with any care. Even these cells looked cobbled together.

It had probably been a merchant vessel that had been captured.

Talia, Dex and myself were in single cell. Presumably because we were officers. The rest of the crew were further down the corridor all in one big cell.

I had informed them that the UEN had negotiated for our release. It raised our spirits somewhat.

Fixing my uniform wasn't something I'd done for a long time, but I managed to re-attach the buttons. I fingered the collar around my neck wondering if there was a way to get it off safely. It was heavy and was starting to rub against my skin.

"I wouldn't mess with it too much." Dex suggested. He was on the other side of me.

"I tried last night, and it gave me a bad shock." He continued.

I nodded. 

None of my crew asked me what had happened with Killian. I was grateful for that. It wasn't something I was going to talk about either, not until after we were safe.

Quietly, I asked Dex if Talia was okay. He told me a few of the guards had been hassling her, but nothing too serious. It seemed they wouldn't directly disobey Killian's orders.

He passed me a length of cord he had pulled from his uniform.

"For your hair." He said.

"Thank you." I said softly, and tied it up into a rough ponytail. Dex was a good man. The engineering officers tended to keep themselves to themselves, but from brief encounters with him, I knew he was a man deserving of respect.

I moved closer to Talia's cell. "Everything will be okay." I said, as cheerfully as possible.

She gave me a halfhearted smile. The way she cowered troubled me. After this was all over it was going to take a long time for her to recover.

"Was it our fault?" She whispered.

"No, not at all." I said, quickly.

I thought back, to how we had been in bed together when the ship was attacked. If she hadn't been there, maybe she wouldn't have made it out. In someways, she had been very lucky.

I whispered for her to come closer, and she shuffled over to me. I hugged her though the bars. Her arms wrapped tightly around me. There were smudges of oil and dirt on her face. Still, though, she looked very beautiful to me.

It was obvious she had been crying, but in my arms, she seemed a more content. Without anyone watching, I gave her a little kiss. This made her smile a bit more, and I reaffirmed my belief that everything was going to be okay.

We sat against the wall next to each other, holding hands through the bars. It didn't bother me if Dex saw. If I could, I'd have held his hand too.

**********

Hours passed in silence.

The guard from before, came back. He was shorter than the rest, and had a big red beard. His outfit was just as dirty and patchwork as the rest of the pirates.

"The Captain want's you on the bridge." He grunted.

He cuffed my hands in front of me. They must trust me a bit more, I thought. I took a look at Talia before I was led out. She tried to smile the best she could.

"Do you remember me?" He asked, as he escorted me through the ship. 

I shook my head. Everything had been a haze.

The whole ship was a maze, there was no clear indications of where we were going. The corridors were dark and damp. Some of the room we passed were full of junk, while some empty and abandoned.

"I bet you would remember my cock." He said, and ran his hand over my ass.

Instinctively, I pulled away.

"Don't be shy." He said, and took a firm grip of my arm. With my hands bound, I was helpless. If he wanted to he could have taken me into one of the quiet room and had his idea of fun with me.

"If it was me in charge, I'd have used all your holes." He snickered. I was thankful he was sticking to his orders.

We reached the bridge before he could continue his disgusting thoughts.

Killian was sat in his command chair. There were more people on the bridge now. A few glanced my way, but they seemed to be getting on with their work.

"Bring her." Killian barked.

The bearded guard dragged me over to the chair.

"Take care of the rest." He ordered, and the guard left.

I looked at him, wondering what he meant.

"Don't worry. It will be over soon."

He went on to explain that the rest of my crew were going to be put on a smaller ship ready for the drop off.

"This ship will stay here and monitor from a distance."

I nodded. I didn't want to say much. I'm sure he had done this many times before.

He smiled at me, and patted his knee. I took a chance and shook my head.

His hand hovered near the device on his belt, but he just snorted, and said I could do as I please. I was thankful.

"Sit on the floor if you get tired." He said, idly.

The viewing screen displayed an empty portion of space. I had no idea what system we were in. Probably not in UEN space anymore.

After a while Killian pointed at one of the smaller viewing screens. It was my crew being loaded into a transport.

I looked around wondering if the guard was here to take me with them.

"You're not going with them yet." Killian said, reading my thoughts.

"But.." I started.

He laughed. "Don't worry. I'm keeping the officers for now. As insurance. When they pay, you go too."

I hoped this had been explained to Dex and Talia.

"How can I trust you?" I asked.

"You can't, but if this works out I might come across UEN people again. I want them to know they can trust me."

He made a good point, he could carve out a nice little business for himself. This is what the UEN feared the most. Kidnapping crew might start to become more common place.

On the main screen the ship carrying my crew appeared. It had another with it, acting as an escort. They hit their engines and disappeared from view.

"We wait now." He said.

Again, I stayed silent, and just nodded.

"You must be tried." Killian said.

I didn't reply, but he was right. None of us had been able to get any sleep in those cold cells.

"Come." He said, and put his arm around my waist gently.

I wanted to pull away, but my legs were aching. The thought of taking some weight off them was too tempting.

He sat me on his knee. Just perching, not close to him, and facing the screen. It still felt humiliating, like I was a child.

There were no jeers or laughter from his crew this time.

He ran his hand up and down my back, over my tunic. It was more like a caress than anything else. I was too tired to complain.

"You're going to tell them I treated you well, aren't you?" He asked.

I wasn't sure what I was going to tell them when I got back.

"Or are you going to tell them how you sucked our dicks, one after another?"

I shook my head. He was right. Some things I was going to keep to myself.

My hands lay uselessly in my lap, my wrists still bound. His hand moved up and down my spine, making me shiver inside my uniform.

"Some things are best forgotten." He said.

As long as my crew were safe, that's all that mattered. Just a little longer.

He slipped his hand under my tunic onto my bare skin. His hand was cold and made me wince. 

"Do all UEN officers wear their uniforms without underwear?" He asked, and ran his hand up the length on my back. I could feel the roughness of his fingers.

"I didn't have time to dress properly when you attacked." I said, without emotion.

He chuckled.

"Maybe if you had been awake our positions would have been reversed?"

"You would be in my brig." I said, confidently.

His hand had warmed up now, and was exploring more of my back. Stroking and caressing my ribs.

"But you were asleep. Asleep and naked. If you were in my crew, you would be naked all the time."

I shivered as he dragged he nails gently down my skin.

"Take your uniform off." He ordered.

I stayed silent and still.

He pulled his hand out from under my tunic and took hold of my pony tail.

"I could make you." He said, tugging it slightly.

He was just playing with me, trying to get a rise. I stayed quiet.

"Frigid bitch." He said, and rested his hand on my hip.

It was just his little game. There was no way he'd want to screw around when so much was on the line.

**********

"Sir, a distress call." One of Killian's men called out.

"Put it up." He said, quickly.

A man in a cockpit, wearing a pilot's helmet appeared on the screen. It was one of the pirates.

"We are under attack." He screeched.

The screen flickered on and off with static.

"What happened?" Killian asked, as he sat upright. I could hear the tension in his voice.

"Four UEN battle cruisers came out of nowhere and opened fire. The other transport has been destroyed. Trying to escape now."

There were sparks shooting out of the consoles next to the pilot.

My hopes were somewhat lifted by thought of our fleet taking out one of their ships. Hopefully it wasn't the one with our crew.

"Didn't they try and communicate?"

"Negative, Sir."

Suddenly the screen went blank.

"We've lost contact." A crew man said.

Another spoke up. "Our scans say both ships are destroyed."

Killian slammed his fist on the arm rest. It was over.

I couldn't believe it, my crew were gone. What were the UEN playing at. All my fears had come true.

"Plot a course out of here, now." Killian shrieked. "And get this bitch out of here." He said, and threw me to the deck.

As I lay at his feet, a feeling of despair washed over me. 

It had all happened so quickly, and I was dragged back to my cell and shoved in. My hands weren't untied and I hit the deck hard.

Dex and Talia looked worried.

I took a few seconds and told them the terrible news. We were the last survivors of the Calypso.

There were tears from Talia and I did my best to try and comfort her through the bars.

Dex remained stoic.

"What will happen to us now?" He said, to himself.

I didn't know.

The engines rumbled. We were on the move again.

**********

I don't know how long we had been there. Sat in our cells, with our future unclear. We talked a bit, trying to convince each other there was still a chance.

The UEN knew that we had been taken captive, they must be searching for us, I thought

The door to the cell block opened. It was Killian.

He staggered in, with a bottle in his hand. He looked drunk.

"The deal with the UEN is off." He slurred.

"We're going to take you to a slave auction, try to recoup some of our loses."

"If you just tried contacting them again." I said, pleading.

"Forget it. I don't think they were ever going to pay."

He stood in front of Talia's cell.

"They'd rather see you dead than pay. Come here, girl." He said, reaching through the bars. There was a look of lust in his eyes.

She shivered in the corner trying not to look.

"No." I said. I knew what he wanted. "Take me."

He looked at me and smirked.

I did my best to smile back at him.

For a few seconds, he thought about it.

"Very well."

He unlocked my cell and dragged me out. He told me we were going to his quarters, as he pulled me through dark corridors. I asked him not to let his crew harm Talia.

He laughed. "You think they deserve anything. If I had a better crew I wouldn't have lost two ships." I could tell he was very drunk.

The door to his room opened automatically, and he pushed me inside. 

His quarters were spacious, but no less filthy that the rest of the ship. Empty bottles and clutter covered most of the surfaces. There was a nice wide port hole from which I could see stars zipping past.

I was spun around to face him. The booze on his breath almost over powered me.

His fingers fumbled with my bindings, but they were eventually removed.

His hand went to the device on his belt. I braced for the familiar warm feeling, but it never came.

Instead, there was a loud click from the collar as he pressed a button. It came loose and fell from my neck.

He grinned broadly.

"You don't need a collar to serve me."

Killian's hand wrapped around the back of my neck, and he pulled me to him. The kisses were sloppy from the alcohol, but forceful. His other hand was on my ass, squeezing and exploring.

I could feel his erection pressing into my leg. He was so much bigger than me. Even though I had combat training, I felt helpless in his arms.

Part of me wanted to try and fight him, he was drunk, so he would be a little slower. It was such a bad idea though, if he hurt me what medical care could these pirates realistically offer, and what fate would Talia face. It was best to just comply.

He pulled away to take another swig.

"Empty." He cursed.

He looked at me for a second. 

"Take your clothes off." He barked, and pushed me towards the large bed.

I watched him hunt around for a full bottle, as I undressed. My heart pounded in my chest as I disrobed for him, knowing full well what was about to happen to me.

The sheets didn't seem too clean, but it wouldn't matter. I didn't know what else to do but just sit on the bed naked with my knees drawn up to my chest and wait for him.

Eventually he found one and walked towards me taking a big gulp as he did. I hoped that the booze would take it's toll and this wouldn't last long.

My skin ran with goosebumps as the anticipation took hold.

There was more fumbling as he undid his trousers. As he pulled them down, his cock sprang out standing to attention. It was as hard and as thick as ever.

He crawled onto the bed and knelt next to me. He watched me and took a swig.

"What are you waiting for?" He snarled. "Or should I get the blonde?"

I knew I had to do this for Talia. I could save her one day at a time. Maybe there would be a chance to escape soon.

I couldn't think about that now, I had to get through the night. I wet my lips and took a deep breath.

He groaned a little as I took his cock into my mouth. I remembered the warm feeling form before, it made things easier. I made sure to moan a little as I sucked him. There was a strong musky scent from him.

I got onto all fours so it was easier to suck. The bottle swished as he took drink after drink. A hand was on my back stroking my skin. It moved to my ass.

His fingers spread my cheeks, and he played with my asshole. I wished I had the collar on now. I tried to imagine the warm feeling more and more. It was working. My pussy was getting wet.

As if by reading my mind his fingers moved down to my shaved pussy. He was stroking my wet slit.

I got the feeling he didn't want me swallowing tonight.

His cock was still in my mouth. I sucked harder trying to make him finish early. My fingers encircled the bottom of his shaft, and I jerked him gently.

I heard breaking glass as he threw the empty bottle across the room.

His cock slipped out of my mouth as he moved behind me. I stayed in my position, waiting in dreadful anticipation.

"That Admiral doesn't know what he is missing." He grunted. Then he slapped my ass hard making me jump.

The sound of his flesh hitting mine filled the room.

One hand was on my hip, keeping me steady as he struck again. I winced.

"I lost eight of my crew." He snarled. Slapping me again.

I had lost over fifty, but I wasn't going to say anything.

"One for each loss." He said. Another slap.

Part of me felt that I deserved it. I had lost all but two of my crew.

Each time he struck, I squealed. After the eighth one, my ass felt red and sore.

His fingers were against my pussy again. They were thick and strong, and I couldn't help but respond. My hips rocked back and forth against them.

He roared with laughter. 

"Oh you are a little pleasure slut, aren't you. Whoever buys you is going to have so much fun."

I didn't have time to think about that, as I could feel his cock pressing against my slit. Within seconds he was inside of me. He pulled my hips hard, impaling me on his dick.

I gasped loudly.

He grabbed my ponytail and began fucking me. Slowly, and deliberately.

He grunted with each thrust, and I moaned in response. His cock was thick and felt good in my pussy, all my body could do was to respond to the pleasure. I didn't need the collar now. My own warm feeling filled me up.

Killian pulled at my hair harder, drawing my head back awkwardly.

Harder and harder he fucked me. The soreness from the spanking had almost disappeared now. There was just the sensation of his large cock delving deeply into my body.

There was a slapping noise as his body hit mine. My fingers gripped the sheets tightly.

I was moaned louder and louder. My body was on fire with pleasure.

He was right, I didn't need the collar to serve him.

Suddenly it stopped. He pulled out and flipped me on my back. My legs instinctively opening for him.

I didn't have time to catch my breath. He was in me again.

This time I could see his face, it was covered in sweat. He loomed over me as he fucked me, face to face.

His eyes were half open, and his face contorted in effort.

He roughly grabbed my tit and squeezed. I cried out in pleasure and pain. Then he slapped my face, and put his hand around my throat. He squeezed, cutting some of my air off. He sped up, as he slammed my ass into the mattress.

My legs wrapped around him tightly. My heels were digging into his thighs. Our bodies rocking back and forth against the bed.

"Harder." I moaned. My soft hands rubbed his rippling muscles.

With his meaty fingers around my throat and his big thick cock penetrating me, I felt myself cumming. 

It was so intense. My whole body jerked against the bed. He didn't slow down.

My eyes watered involuntary. It was the best fuck I had ever had. It was so raw and animalistic. I wanted more and more.

I had never been treated with such disrespect, it felt so wrong but so good.

Another orgasm hit. I screamed and my body writhed underneath him. 

I raked my nails across his chest. I wanted him to fuck me over and over.

He grabbed my wrists and pinned them above my head with one of his large hands. The other one took his cock out of my pussy and pressed it against my asshole.

My eyes widened. I had never had anal sex. I didn't want him to stop though.

It resisted at first, but he slowly drove it in. He went slowly, looking into my eyes as he did. There was a scowl on his mouth. I bit my bottom lip as he started to push deeper.

His fingers still held my wrists tightly. I felt helpless. I felt so hot. The feeling was too much. My body wasn't used to it.

A rhythm built up as he slid in and out of my tight little asshole. He knew enough, to be gentle. I couldn't help but groan every time I felt him go deeper. It felt like I was going to be split in two.

He was faster now, my loud groans seemingly encouraging him. Harder and harder he went. I was shaking all over, just barely holding on. Tears streamed down my cheeks.

He grunted loudly and came inside of me. He collapsed on top of me. My chest was heaving, and so was his.

I softly sighed as his cock slid out of me. I was exhausted.

He rolled to the side and wrapped his arms tightly around me. I wasn't going anywhere.

"Shame to sell you." He mumbled breathlessly.

As I caught my own breath I started to wonder what was going to happen next. I just wanted to sleep, though.