 This ongoing sci-fi series will contain strong non-consensual elements.

***

The servant had told me that I was going to be the entertainment. I tried to ask him what he meant by that, but he stayed silent.

I was led through familiar corridors, till we came to an area that had been screened off with canvasses. Lilly had told me it was all a big secret. I was getting sick of secrets.

He stopped and pointed to an electronic door that led through into the screened area. I thanked him and tentatively made my way inside. The door hissed closed behind me, and I heard it lock.

It was a tiny room, with another door in front of me. Like an airlock on a ship. There was no window on the door, so I was still puzzled as to what awaited me.

Then I noticed a small table. On top of it was a thick belt with a holster. To my utter surprise there was a lazer pistol.

I didn't waste anytime and pulled it out. It felt good in my hand. The last time I'd had one was on the pirate vessel. That seemed like an age ago. What ever this meant though, couldn't be good.

They wouldn't just give me a loaded weapon. Unless it was something else. Perhaps a sympathetic guest had set this up?

I stowed the gun beck into it's holster and attached the belt around my waist. All I could do now, was to wait.

Pressing my ear to the wall I could hear murmuring. It sounded like people.

Then all of a sudden I heard a loud voice.

"Presenting for your entertainment."

My heart sank a little, and I rested my hand the the handle of the lazer pistol.

"A brave officer of the UEN."

The doors hissed opened. I took a breath and stepped out.

I was in a closed off area, that was surrounded by high walls. They were steel and impossible to climb.

Above me were some lights, and behind them I saw people leaning over watching me. It was the guests from the party. They must be on some raised platform, I thought.

I couldn't see Orton or Lilly. I did see a couple of people I had met during the party. Their faces were hard to read from this distance.

They had drinks in their hands, and had expectant looks on their faces.

As the doors hissed closed behind me I looked at the ground.

There were large rocky formations, and a few plants dotted about. The whole area had been made to look like a different planet.

I walked further in, not knowing what I was doing.

The voice came back.

"Alone on a hostile alien world, she must use her wits to survive."

What was this. It felt like I was in some sort of gladiatorial arena. I had a gun, but I wasn't really dressed for combat. I had heels on for a start, and my uniform barely covered my body.

Unconsciously I pulled at the back of my short skirt, making sure it was properly covering my rear. It crossed my mind to remove my high-heeled boots.

"Presenting, the Hillox. A fully sentient worm, with an interesting way of subduing its prey."

There was a small round of applause, and I was suddenly worried. The name wasn't familiar. At least I was armed.

Then I saw Orton and Lilly. They were in a prominent position. She had her arms draped around him. He was smiling.

I pulled my Pistol from it's holster. If I was to fight to the death, I thought, I could at least do Orton a favor and take him out before the end.

It would be a difficult shot, with Lilly there, but I was confident I could make it.

There was a loud hissing noise from the other side of the arena. I carefully climbed up on top of a flat rock to take a better look. The heels from my boots made it tricky.

This was the highest point, and almost in the center of the arena. Thankfully the surface was mostly flat.

I heard a few gasps from the crowd. Then I saw them, about half a dozen worms. There was a small opening in the other side of the wall that they were coming from. 

They were about six feet in length, but only a few inches thick. 

"What the hell," I said, to myself as I saw them wriggling on the floor. They were a fleshy color, without markings. I didn't see anything resembling a head. They looked muscular and deadly.

I wished I had removed my boots. I was breathing heavily now, my chest heaving and straining against my low cut top.

"They have picked up her scent." The voice announced.

I looked back at the door I had come through, wondering if I could blast the lock open.

"They work as a group." The voice said.

I looked back to them, a little panicked, but ready to shoot. My heart jumped out of my chest. I didn't see them, they had moved quickly out of my sight.

I scanned around, frantically looking for them. A bead of sweat rolled down my brow. Then to my left one appeared. I aimed the pistol and fired. A bright beam of light jumped from my gun, hitting it. 

It knocked it back to the ground. I had expected it to burn it, but it didn't. There didn't seem to be any damage to it at all.

What was it made of, I thought.

I checked the power setting on the gun. That was something I had done when I picked it up. I cursed my negligence, time was something I couldn't afford to waste.

The setting was on the lowest it could be. I cursed again. My fingers fumbled at the dial. I heard rustling in a nearby bush. Cold waves of panic washed over me.

The dial was jammed, fused in place. It had been fixed this way.

There was a quick movement in front of me. I fired from the hip. Even though my hand was beginning to shake I managed to hit one that came straight at me. It disappeared below the rock.

The one to my left that I had only just hit, was wriggling back to life. I aimed at it, intending to fire at it more than once. When suddenly something wrapped tightly around my ankle.

It must have come from behind. I could feel it's strength through the leather of my boot.

I heard a few gasps from the audience.

This time I put the muzzle of the gun to its flesh and squeezed the trigger. It burned it this time, not by much, but it was a start. It uncoiled from my leg, and I kicked it lifeless form off the rock.

There was a little clapping.

Another one jumped for me, but I managed to dodge it. It disappeared into a bush. I fired blindly. The lazer bolts illuminating the arena.

I need to get into a corner, I thought. As I was about to move, one of them came at me from my blind spot.

It wrapped itself around my wrist, and encircled my hand that held the gun. This time It wasn't the entire thing like the one that had gone for my leg. The tail of the worm anchored itself to the rock while the rest gripped my wrist. I couldn't shoot it, or take the pistol out of my hand. Even my trigger finger was squeezed into uselessness.

"See how they learn." The voice boomed.

I tried using my whole weight and pulled at it, trying to dislodge it, but with no effect. It was hopeless. Its sinewy mass held me tight.

I punched it with my free hand. I wasn't sure how much I was hurting it.

Adrenaline pumped through my body. I wasn't done yet.

As I pulled back to punch again. My wrist was seized by another one, and held me firmly stopping my punch in midair.

"They are learning her weaknesses." The voice said.

Everything was happening too quickly. I couldn't think.

Both my arms were being pulled apart. All I could do was struggle against them.

I had to stand with my legs apart as they pulled at my arms. It felt like they were being ripped out of their sockets.

Panic was being replaced with total helplessness.

One of them slowly slithered towards me. There was no quick movement now. It knew my predicament was dire.

It coiled at my feet and raised itself up.

Then with a flick of its body, it knocked the gun out of my hand. It clattered loudly off the rock and fell into the undergrowth.

"Can she even escape now?" The voice asked. I heard murmurings from the crowd

I pulled as much as I could, but they held firm.

My ankles were now under attack. Both of them had been seized. They were being pulled, but not apart like my arms. They were being dragged forwards, I was going to end up on my back.

The high heels didn't help at all, and I fell hard against the rock.

A few claps from the crowd, above me.

I was completely helpless now. All my limbs were secured by these worms. I wasn't being stretched, just held in place. Spread eagle on my back.

I looked over my heaving chest to see the one that was still in a coil. It started to slowly slither towards me. I was at it complete mercy.

I shivered as it snaked up my thigh and over my skirt. It kept going, across my bare stomach. In between my breasts, and then it wrapped around my throat.

It wasn't tight, but I braced for that to happen. It didn't, instead I felt it's tail. It was between my legs.

The rock felt hard against my back, as I tried to wriggle away from its touch.

"It will take her energy."

There was probing between my thighs. What was it doing. Then my heart started beating faster as I realized what it wanted.

It pushed gently against my pussy. Only the thin fabric of my panties was stopping it. As it pushed and wriggled, my last line of defense was moved to one side. I gasped loudly as it rubbed up against my bare flesh.

There was a despicable tenderness to what it was doing. My body could help but reacting in the only way it new. My pussy started to tingle.

I silently begged for my body to resist.

With one last effort I used all my strength to pull at my living bindings. They held firm.

My breath quickened as the thick worm between my legs eased itself into my wet pussy. I felt utterly violated. 

I couldn't see the audience anymore. They were just a haze above me now.

The worm continued pushing further inside of me. Then it began to pulse. It felt very warm. My body was defenseless. The heat flowed to every inch of my body making me shudder.

"It senses her pleasure."

Slowly it moved back and forward inside of me. It was relentless. I couldn't stop the feelings of pleasure.

I was spread eagle in front of all these people and I couldn't stop myself from enjoying it. The shame was being replaced with something new.

It pulsed faster and faster inside of me. Waves of pleasure washed over me. My whole pelvis tingled. I felt my nipples hardening and pushing helplessly at the fabric of my top.

A moan escaped from my mouth.

"It won't stop." The voice said. 

It didn't. My body was at its mercy now, and it knew exactly how to manipulate it.

Inside it was pulsing and wriggling. I had never felt anything like it before.

My back arched as much as it could. I broke out in a sweat as I started to moan harder.

The orgasm came slowly, but effortlessly. My limbs felt like jelly as intense feelings of pleasure overtook me.

I heard the audience clapping again as I cried out.

Nothing stopped. It kept going as the voice had promised.

Over and over again it pulsed. Faster and faster. My heart was beating so fast, and it was harder and harder to catch my breath.

My body shook violently as another orgasm hit me.

I was desperate for it to end. 

The coil around my neck loosened and its head pushed up against my face. It felt like a lovers caress. It rubbed against my soft skin

As another orgasm took my body, I cried out again. When my mouth opened the worm slid into my mouth.

I gagged at first, and I tried to bite down, but as I did it squeezed my throat. I had to let it do what it wanted.

I didn't care anymore. I was in my own world now. The audience and the voice had all but vanished.

My pussy was on fire. It moved inside of my ruthlessly touching all my nerves at once. 

I started to suck on the part in my mouth.

My moans were muffled, but equally loud.

It was fucking me, and I was sucking it. Everything felt so good, I couldn't stop myself.

Again and again I felt myself cum.

The worms that were holding my legs and arms slackened somewhat. I didn't try to pull away. Instead, I writhed against the bare rock. My body twisting in deep pleasure.

I was totally under their control. I was too exhausted, my body glistening in sweat.

Suddenly my limbs were released. The worms moved toward me. I was too weak to even think about standing. 

They slithered all over my body. My legs were pulled together and it felt like they were wrapping me up.

The last thing I remembered was one wrapping around my head covering my eyes.

**********

I was utterly drained. There was a light being shone into my eyes. I was on a bed of some sort.

A strange man was standing over me.

"She's awake now," he said.

I didn't want to be.

"We got to her just in time."

Every part of my body ached. There was still a pleasurable memory between my legs.

"Clean her up." It was Orton speaking now.

"And bring her to my room."

As he said it, I passed out again.

**********

The haze in my head subsided, and I felt like I could open my eyes again. I was somewhere dimly lit. There was music playing faintly in the background

My muscles still ached, but it was a lot duller now. I felt entirely drained.

Not sleepy, just exhausted and weak.

I was laying on my side on a soft couch. There was a pile of cushions propping me up.

It was some sort of office. There was a big wooden desk, and a bookcase behind it. This was a comfortable room. Lots of dark wood and tasteful pieces of art.

There was a small window, and I could see that it was still nighttime. How long had I been out, I wondered.

I was still wearing my uniform. Or at least what my uniform had been turned into. Who ever had put me here hadn't even removed my boots.

My mind went back to my encounter with the worms. It wasn't something I wanted to think about. They must have made me pass out. There was a tender feeling in my crotch.

I tried to raise myself on one arm but fell back against the couch. It was too much effort.

"Get your rest, you are still weak." It was Orton. His voice was low and full of concern.

I hadn't noticed him standing at the foot of the couch. He was still wearing the admirals uniform.

He looked me up and down.

"How are you feeling?" he asked, kindly.

I had to clear my throat to speak.

"I'm okay," I said.

He smiled, and knelt next to me.

"Everyone at the UEN is very proud of you Captain." He said, and brushed the hair away from my eyes.

"I'm a good officer," I mumbled. How true was that anymore, I thought sadly.

"You had a dangerous mission, but you did really well."

I wasn't really in the mood for anymore roleplaying, so I just nodded.

As he started to talk about how my exploits were going to earn me a commendation, his hand gently stroked my cheek.

I didn't have the energy to protest. There seemed to be genuine concern in his eyes. Of course, it was concern for something he had intentionally put me through.

"When we return to the fleet, I am going to recommend you for a promotion."

I wanted to scream at him that there was no fleet, no commendation, and that he made a lousy admiral.

Instead, I said that I was grateful.

"I should be grateful, you are a fine Captain, and very beautiful," he said, and took another long look at my body. I could see the desire in his eyes.

His finger was on my ear, carefully tracing around it. His gaze was lingering on my bust.

There was a reason the UEN didn't dress its officers in such low cut tops. I started to get the impression that his intentions weren't just about my well-being.

"You need rest. Do you want me to help you undress?" he asked, quietly.

"Sir, the rules," I said, limply.

He put his hand on my shoulder and told me not to worry. His words had the opposite effect.

"Why don't we get this top off."

The back of his hand moved over the exposed part of my cleavage. He was just lightly grazing my skin, but it made me shiver, and I felt goosebumps all across my torso. 

I reached out and touched his wrist, hoping he would stop. He took my hand and tucked it in behind my head.

"Save your energy," he said. 

There were only three brass buttons holding my flimsy tunic together. His fingers moved to the top one, and I could feel him pulling at it carefully.

"Admiral, no," I whispered.

"Shhh."

He wasn't aggressive as before. He was taking his time.

As the top button was undone, my breasts started to push their way out. The top was designed to be very tight. I felt his fingers touching my skin as he undressed me.

I gave no resistance. I didn't have the energy, or willingness to play the game anymore.

The brass buttons of my top were finally undone, my breasts pushed their way out. He spread the rest of the tunic apart, fully exposing me.

There was a grin on his mouth. I was going to be his tonight.

He looked at my bare chest greedily. The illusion of sympathy was dissolving.

"I know this is what you have wanted," he said, and licked his lips.

He took one of my breasts and gently massaged it. I felt his thumb coaxing my nipple into life.

All I could do was close my eyes. It was my sign of complicity.

His lips found mine, and there was a pleasing noise from him as his tongue slipped effortlessly into my mouth. It was almost loving. He sucked at my tongue and lips.

Part of me expected Lilly to come barging through the door like before, but another part of me knew that wasn't going to happen.

He kissed me longingly. There was no urgency in his attentions. My hard nipple was stroked, sending tingles into my chest.

He was a good kisser. There must have been so much practice for him. How many girls had he gone through. I was just one in a long line of malleable sex toys. No wonder he enjoyed the roleplay so much.

Orton broke the kiss and moved his mouth to my ear. He kissed and tugged at the lobe. I shivered.

"You've wanted this all along, haven't you?" he whispered.

"Yes," I said, simply. I was resigned to my fate.

With that, he put one arm under my knees and one behind my back and scooped me up. I heard him strain a little.

He carried my helpless body to his bedroom. His bed was large and ornate. Carefully he laid me on top of the covers.

I thought he might have striped me further, but he didn't, instead he just stared down at me smiling. He looked proudly at his conquest.

The bed was comfy and I felt the urge to sleep. I knew that wasn't going to happen though.

"I will be gentle," he said, leaning over me and kissing me.

He was a bit more playful now. His tongue darted in and out of my mouth, and he licked at my lips.

I felt his hand stroking my thigh up and down. His fingers pressing into my muscle.

"You have wonderful legs," he murmured. "Open them for your Admiral."

I did as I was told, even though they felt weak and not very responsive.

His hand stroked the soft skin of my inside thigh. I felt my heart beating a bit faster. His mouth was on my throat now, sucking and kissing.

There was a new energy returning to my body. Not much, but I was being awoken by his touch.

"I will go and change into something more comfortable," he said. Before he left, he took my hand and sucked one of my fingers.

"I won't be long," he said, and my hand fell onto my stomach. I saw him going into another room. The bathroom, I figured.

My body was a bit more awake now. Not so much as I could stand, but I was glad to know everything was working again.

I looked around the room. It was very gaudy. There were sculptures on side tables, and art on the wall. It all seemed to be very erotic. Most of it depicted the female form in various poses.

It was an intimate room. Not a place for guests. 

There was a table with a drawer at the other side of the bed. I wondered for a second.

If this was his private room, could there be a weapon?

I remembered how I fought the worms. It had felt good to take action like that, even if it had been fruitless in the end.
