 This ongoing sci-fi series will contain non-consensual elements.

*****

I woke with a start, and it took me a few moments to get my bearings. Thankfully, I was in my room, but I couldn't remember getting here. My limbs still ached, and I felt very drowsy.

I lay there for a while thinking about all that had happened. It was a lot to process.

My night with Orton was a far better memory than my experience with the worms.

Was this going to be my life now. Performing like a puppet in mock battles. It wasn't a relishing thought.

I had been very lucky not to have suffered a serious injury.

The party beforehand, seemed like a distant memory. All those guests had been watching me. I'm sure most of them enjoyed the entertainment.

My mind wandered back further, and I thought about Talia, and Dex. How were they coping. Worse, better? Perhaps they had gotten lucky and escaped.

As the door to my room opened, thoughts of failure vanished. It was Lilly.

She had a look of concern on her face.

"How are you feeling?" she asked, sitting next to me on the bed.

"Very drowsy," I said.

She gave me a big hug, and told me that I had been asleep for almost two days. That was a bit of a shock, but the way my arms and legs ached, I didn't doubt her.

"The doctor says, you are okay though."

She went to fetch me some water and fruit. As I ate, we chatted.

The first thing she told me about was the party, and about how much a success it had been. All the guests thoroughly enjoyed it, it appeared.

She told me that I did very well, and Orton was very proud of me.

"He's really taken a shine to you," she said. "It's all he had been able to talk about."

Lilly was sweet, and I knew that was supposed to cheer me up, but it didn't. I feigned happiness.

I asked her more about my time in the arena.

She said at first she was worried, but that I was very brave, and fought well.

"I should never have doubted you," she said.

She went on to tell me what happened after I passed out.

"There was a bit of a panic." 

Apparently the servants had a hard time subduing the worms. One of them was hit in the face hard, and got badly injured. I had no sympathy.

"Were they destroyed?" I asked.

"No, Orton has put them aboard his yacht to keep them secure."

She assured me that we wouldn't see them again. He had been a little shocked at their voracity too.

I asked her about my encounter with Orton in the bathroom. She told me that it wasn't set-up.

"He was going to tell you to get ready for your 'mission.' I was worried that you would need your energy for later."

I thanked her for her quick thinking.

We chatted a bit more, and she told me a few funny stories from the party.

"You need your rest," she said, and kissed me on the forehead.

**********

It was a few days before I was back to my old self. Lilly and I got back into our old routine. Laying by the pool during the day, and sharing a bed in the evening. I was getting too comfortable living a luxurious lifestyle.

There was a slight change, though. Orton was summoning me, mostly in the early evenings.

It was something I was getting used to, and even finding the odd pleasurable moment for myself.

My collar would beep, usually at the same time. It gave me enough chance to change into my uniform.

I never saw the inside of his bedroom again. Our encounters always took place inside of his office.

We would have a little roleplay. Always with him in his Admiral's uniform. There would be an excuse, like a report needed my signature or something equally mundane.

After a bit of back and forth, I would usually end up on my knees sucking his cock. Sometimes I would pretend to protest, and sometimes I would be eager. He seemed to enjoy both sides to me.

There was a couple of occasions when he gave me an elaborate reason why I needed punishment. I would be bent over his desk and caned. The pain was something that I got used too. After being disciplined like that, he would always fuck me.

One time he had me over his knee and gave me a spanking. It didn't seem as fun for him though.

On the evenings he didn't call, Lilly would always go to him and spend the night.

This was the way I liked it. I didn't speak to her much about what he did, and she likewise. It was an unspoken rule we had.

I had always wondered why he had not wanted me and Lilly at the same time. I had asked her about it once, and she said, that he just wasn't into it. I guessed he had exorcised that particular fantasy long ago.

One evening there was the familiar beep from my collar. I had just finished eating and I hurried back to my room. I wasn't sure where Lilly was, as we usually ate together.

I squeezed into my uniform, it was getting ever tighter. My fitness routine was almost nonexistent these days. I tied my hair up as he liked it and put on some dark red lipstick. Then just the faintest of eye shadow, and finally a spritz of musky perfume. 

As I went to his office, my high-heeled boots clicked loudly on the tiles as I walked.

Before I entered, I pulled the hem of the tiny skirt I was wearing down slightly. It always rode up when I hurried.

Orton was standing in front of his desk. He was wearing his Admiral's uniform, and he had the cane in his hand. I knew instantly what I would be doing tonight.

"You've been very naughty, Captain," he said, smugly.

I nodded, shyly. "Sorry, Admiral."

He stepped away from the desk, letting me assume my position. As I walked towards the desk, his eyes looked me up and down lustfully.

I placed both hands wide apart on the dark polished wood. My legs were equally spread apart.

"You need to be more eager in your duties, Captain," he said, as he massaged, and squeezed the muscle at the back of my thigh.

"Yes, Admiral."

His fingers pulled the hem of my skirt up. It was so tight it took a second, but my ass popped out, and he let out a satisfying sigh.

I expected the cane, but it didn't come. Instead, I felt his fingers stroking my pussy. The pressure from his touch making me squirm on the desk.

He tossed the cane down.

"Beg for it," he whispered.

His fingers increased their exploration.

"Ohh, please Admiral. I want you." I said, trying to sound convincing.

Then there was a hard slap against my rear.

"Again," he commanded.

I felt my hips rocking against his touch. My pussy was getting wet.

"Please fuck me, Sir."

There was one more slap, then he spun me around and sat me on the desk. There was a big grin on his face. I felt the cold wood on the bare skin of my ass.

"You want me to fuck you, don't you, Captain?"

I nodded eagerly.

"Then what are you waiting for," he said, as he unbuttoned my little tunic.

I did as he wanted and undid his trousers. His cock sprang out, hard and stiff.

As he played with my tits, I guided him inside of me. My body tingled as his hardness penetrated into my soft wet pussy.

"Ohh, Admiral." I moaned. The more I said it, the more I believed it. It was my roleplay. My body reacted accordingly. Opening every nerve, relishing in every pleasure.

He pushed me flat down against the desk. Then lifted my ankles so they rested on his shoulders.

He was fucking me. I moaned each time he thrust into me. His hands gripped my hips tightly keeping me in position.

My breasts moved in rhythm to his thrusts. My arms laying above my head submissively. Letting him take what he wanted.

"Fuck me harder," I cried out. 

His face was red, and he grunted and gasped as he relentlessly drove his cock into my pussy.

His cock felt so good inside of me. Pushing and pushing with his hips.

I sucked my bottom lip, and closed my eyes tightly, enjoying the feeling.

He suddenly stiffened and stopped. He took a step back, and pulled my off the desk onto my knees.

My mouth was already open and he thrust his cock into it. It was only seconds before I felt his body jerk, and he pumped a massive amount of cum into my mouth.

I had to keep my lips locked tightly around his shaft, to not lose any. It took two big gulps to empty my mouth.

He stood there letting me put his cock away, once I did, he silently left the room. I straightened my clothes and went back to my room.

I hadn't come myself, and I was till horny. Thankfully Lilly was waiting for me in bed, and she was eager to receive my attentions.

**********

As the weeks passed, the frequency of his calls slowed down. Till, in the end, I was only seeing him once a week.

Now instead of a roleplay. He would just sit in his chair and let me pleasure him. There was no more long-winded reasons for me being there. I would just go in and get on my knees. Sometimes, I would ride him in the chair. The canings still happened, from time to time.

It felt like he was losing interest, which I didn't mind at all.

His time spent with Lilly never slowed.

I didn't blame him. I wasn't as young or as pretty as her.

One day as we were laying by the pool, I asked her if there was anything I might be doing wrong.

She just shrugged. "Sometimes he gets bored."

"Do you think he would sell me?" I asked. It was something that was crossing my mind, more and more.

She said, she didn't think so, as he didn't like getting rid of property.

I thought back to the man who had told me about his all female starship crew. Something like that wouldn't be too bad. At least I would be more in my element. Even if it meant doing a lot of work on my back.

It could easily turn into a chance of escape. I had got complacent here. Waiting for an opportunity had turned into a malaise.

"Maybe it would be good if I did." I said.

Lilly shook her head quickly. 

"There are much worse places for you to be than here," she warned.

I didn't delve further into what she meant.

"Shall I speak to him about it? I could tell him you feel neglected." She offered

I declined.

"He does enjoy watching us."

I wasn't sure what she meant. She told me all our rooms were monitored and that he liked to watch us make love.

It was something I should have known was happening. I didn't know what to think. It was another thing I put at the back of my mind.

As we lay by the pool, I noticed that the sun was lower than usual, and there was a cooler breeze in the air. Summer seemed to be coming to an end.

*********

It had been a long time since he had seen me last.

"I'm going away on a business trip," he said, as I walked into his office.

He wasn't wearing the uniform, instead, he had on a casual suit. I was a bit unsure what he wanted me for.

I got my answer as he swiveled his chair to the side. It was his way of telling me what he wanted.

As I walked round to him, he told me that he was taking Lilly with him.

He slackened his belt as I lowered myself onto my knees. I finished what he started, and opened his trousers fully.

His cock was limp, and I took it carefully in my hand. I licked and kissed it, bringing it to life.

There was a soft sigh from him as it hardened in my hand.

"We won't be long."

I ran my tongue up and down the length. His hand moved to the back of my head lazily and I started to suck it.

"Lilly told me you are feeling unwanted."

My head bobbed up and down as I pleasured him.

I didn't think that at all, and was a little annoyed she had said anything. I couldn't blame her though. She had good intentions.

I jerked him a little as I sucked. His fingers ran softly through my hair.

"When we get back, things will be different," he said.

His breathing was increasing and I felt his grip in my hair tightening.

He let out a long sigh.

My head was held firmly as he came in my mouth. I swallowed.

Afterwards I used my tongue to lick his cock clean, as he liked me to do.

There wasn't a goodbye as I left the room.

**********

They had been gone for days now. I hardly saw anyone at all, apart from the chefs that served me food, and servants now and again. I spent a lot of time in the entertainment center. It was getting colder outside, the seasons were certainly changing.

I read books mostly. Even though they were mostly pointless fiction books, I managed to learn a lot about the system that I was in. More and more, I started to think about escaping again.

It had felt like I had been vegetating, and I decided to do something about it. Instead of a lazy shower in the morning I took a run around the complex. Also I made use of the gym, and started to build up my fitness level. 

It felt good to be doing something positive for myself.

I tried again at engaging some servants in talk, but they were just as silent. I thought they might have been a little more animated, now that Orton was away.

Lilly had told me a while ago that there were security guards that lived close to the complex, but that we wouldn't see them. No doubt, they were keeping a close eye on me.

Orton had said things would be different when he got back. Maybe he would drop the whole roleplay thing entirely. It seemed like things were going that way. I thought about the drawer of sex toys. That could be my fate.

Was I going to grow old here? I hoped not.

At least I had Lilly. She was an amazing companion. I think I took her friendship for granted, sometimes.

Even though she was a lot younger than me, she had guided and comforted me when I needed it. She had never needed my help. Her life seemed easy in comparison.

If I were to escape I couldn't imagine not taking her. It was something I dreamed about. A little apartment on earth somewhere. 

Maybe encourage her to join the UEN. She'd hate that. Truth be told, I wasn't sure I'd even want to return myself. Thoughts of a rescue party coming to free me had long since vanished.

After another lonely night, I awoke to the sound of Orton's yacht returning. My heart skipped knowing I would be seeing Lilly again.

I waited in my room. I didn't really want to watch her and Orton together.

My patience was rewarded, and she came bounding into my room. She looked happy and as pretty as ever. Her hair was different. There were now silvery flecks in it, and it was styled a lot shorter.

I jumped up and gave her a big hug.

"I've missed you," I said, happily.

She returned the sentiment.

"I have to go and see Orton again in a minute," she said, with a bit of sadness in her voice.

"It's okay."

"I just wanted to come and see you." She gushed a little.

I wrapped her in my arms tightly. She didn't want to let go either.

"Goodbye, Emrah," she said, with a little shake in her voice.

I squeezed her shoulder firmly. 

"We'll go sit by the pool later," I said.

She nodded quickly. As she left she gave me a loving look over her shoulder.

Alone now, I thought it was a little odd. I think she must have missed me, and was sad she couldn't spend time with me right away.

I went and grabbed a piece of fruit. As I walked over to the couch I dropped it on the floor.

I wasn't sure why I did it.

As I went down to pick it up, I fell onto the floor.

My collar beeped.

I was face down on the floor and I couldn't move.

Nothing responded. I was paralyzed.

I heard the door to my room. I hoped against everything that it was Lilly.

"Turn her over." A male voice said.

I was panicking now. Lilly had told me that the collar could do this. What had I done wrong. There was no red line, or any danger.

I could feel their hands as they flipped me over. It was two servants. There was something else in the room with us.

It looked like a stasis bed.

I tried screaming at them, but the words didn't come.

They were very careful as they picked me up and placed me inside. The interior was cushioned and looked sterile.

Another person walked into the room. Was it Orton? It wasn't.

As he leaned over me I saw that it was Hogarth. The man who had processed me at the slave auction

"Just as I remember," he said, and stroked a finger down my cheek.

One of the servants asked him where I was going.

"I'm going to break her, and turn her into something more pleasing." He said, as he closed the top of the stasis bed.

The last thing I heard was the hum of the machine being turned on.

**********

I was on the bridge of the Calypso. My crew were busily getting on with their tasks. I knew it was a dream because as much as I cried out to them, they ignored me. I tried to move, but my feet were stuck.

As the dream faded I realized my current situation wasn't any better. I was still in the stasis pod.

There wasn't much time to think, before the top of it popped open.

My clothes had been removed and replaced with a white shirt and trousers. They were loose fitting, and looked like something one would wear in a hospital.

I raised myself up to take a better look at my surroundings.

The first thing I saw was Hogarth. He was leaning against a medical bed at the end of the room. His face gave no expression.

This place didn't look familiar at all. I could see various medical devices and computer panels on the wall. It was bright and looked very clean.

"Where am I?"

There was a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach.

Hogarth smiled. "You are in my home."

He didn't say anything else. Giving no indication of where his home was. Was I aboard a space station, a ship, or planet?

"Do you need help to get out?" He asked.

I felt no ill effects of being in stasis. If anything I felt reinvigorated.

He sensed my trepidation.

"You have nothing to fear here." He said, soothingly.

Reluctantly, I climbed out. As I did I felt a bracelet on my wrist. It was made out of thick metal.

"Don't worry about that." Hogarth said. "It's something I've been working on. More advanced than your collar."

I put my hand to my neck. The collar was gone.

"What does it do?" I asked.

"It gives you more freedom. You would be able to go where you please."

He went on to tell me that the collar I usually wore was dependent on assigning restricted zones. This caused a lot of work, as the zones sometimes needed opening and closing. It wasn't great either, for trips away.

I asked him what new restrictions were in place now.

He nodded to one of the tables near me. On top of it was a lazer rifle.

"Pick it up." He said.

It looked very tempting. but I shook my head.

"Smart girl. Still, some defiance in you." He said, with a smile.

"Orton told me that you were very entertaining, when you performed for him. I wished I could have seen that. Those Hillox worms can be very nasty."

He stood up and came towards me. I took a step back.

"He mentioned that you became a little more pliable after that."

He stopped a few feet from me, and glanced at the rifle again.

"That said, you can only push a person so far before they snap. A rash and unthinking decision can be very dangerous."

As he picked up the lazer rifle, I felt my heart rate increasing. He was toying with me.

"It would only be a matter of time before you got your hands on a weapon and did something stupid."

Without warning, he tossed the gun at me. Instinctively, I caught it.

There was no pain, or paralysis. I stood there holding it, somewhat confused. It did feel good in my hands.

He smiled.

"We have to have trust. Come with me," he said, and turned. "Keep the gun."

I followed him out of the room. The rifle was still in my hands. With a quick check, I saw that it was on a high energy setting. At the highest settings these rifles would produce a strong continuous pulse, for as long at the battery pack lasted.

We went through a door and then up a bare staircase.

There was a new room. It looked more like living quarters. The floor was made of stone, and it looked sparsely decorated. It was airy and cold. One of the walls was glass and it looked like night outside.
