 This ongoing sci-fi series will contain non-consensual elements.

***

My journey back home was uneventful. Orton didn't pick me up, instead, he had sent a shuttle to ferry me back. It gave me time to think about my situation. 

Things at first had seemed quite confusing, but now I felt a lot better. I was getting more comfortable in my surroundings.

Hogarth had told me not to worry about my memories not returning all at once. It wasn't ideal, but I accepted that fact.

The worst fear I had, was that I would be different from what Orton remembered. I didn't want to disappoint him.

"Just try to be yourself. The rest will come naturally." Hogarth had said.

The shuttle was small, but it afforded me a decent sized room. I took advantage of the shower. It was nice to feel clean and fresh.

There were some clothes which I guessed were mine. I tried them on, enjoying the variety. I settled on a tight-fitting dress. 

It was wonderfully low cut. I couldn't get over how great my ample cleavage looked. There was some underwear too, but I didn't bother. I didn't want to ruin the lines of the dress.

I matched it with some black strappy heels. At first, they seemed alien on my feet. It was like before. My feet felt awkward in them. I walked around in them for a bit till they felt comfortable.

My hair was next. I frowned at myself in the mirror. It was still wild and unkempt. 

I scrapped it tightly against my scalp and pleated it into a long single braid. It was thick and felt heavy against my back. It looked pretty though.

Orton would tell me how to wear it for him, I thought.

There was a selection of make-up. Again I didn't know how it needed to be, so I kept it simple. A little lipstick and eye shadow. I liberally applied some nice smelling perfume. With my finger, I traced some between my breasts.

As I waited, I watched the stars fly past the window. It was mesmerizing. I got the feeling that I enjoyed looking at the nights sky.

Even though I was liking the view, I started to get a little impatient. I decided to see what was taking so long.

I left my room and looked for the pilot. A servant had greeted me when the shuttle landed. I didn't know where he was now. He had gone over few a simple rules with me. He told me that they were not allowed to touch me. Nothing bad would happen, he said. They would just be punished at a later date. What that involved wasn't spoken of.

It was only a small ship and it wasn't hard to find the bridge. The door didn't open for me, so I knocked.

There was no answer, and I rapped at the door again.

Finally it opened. It was very cramped inside, and dimly lit. There was just a single pilot in a flight chair.

"You shouldn't be in here," he said. "Is there a problem?"

"I'm bored." I said, lazily, and walked in as much as I could.

He didn't look too pleased to see me.

"Perhaps you should go back to your quarters." He said.

"In a little while." There was a large panel in front of him. Some buttons were glowing, and there were small screens displaying strange images.

"What does this do?" I asked, leaning over his shoulder.

He mumbled something about fuel recycling. I caught him getting a good look at my cleavage.

There wasn't a collar around his neck. The servant had told me that not everyone was a slave.

I reached over him, leaning a bit closer, my chest inches from his face. "What about that?" I asked, with a pointed finger.

He was getting flustered. I loved the power I was having over him.

"That's the long range communicator. Don't touch it."

I grinned.

"If I touch you, how much trouble will you get in?" I asked.

He took a deep breath, and told me that he would probably be fired.

I certainly didn't want that. It was a shame, he looked cute in his uniform.

Again he suggested that I return to my quarters, and again I protested. He shrugged, and I resigned myself to perching on the arm rest of his chair.

As he went about his work, I could see him making quick glances at my body. 

"There it is," he said, pointing at the view screen in front of us. 

It was a planet, it was green and blue, and looked lovely.

"You better get to your quarters, for the landing."

This time I did as I was told. I didn't want him to be too distracted.

As I went back to wait in my room, I hoped that the pilot would think about me later. The thought of him masturbating while thinking about me, made my heart race a little.

**********

The landing was a little bumpy, and a servant met me at the door to my room. He escorted me off the shuttle and to my new home.

The air was fresh and warm. The place looked so amazing. It was large and was everything I had imagined, and more.

I knew it was him as soon as I saw him. He had a look of authority about him, a commanding presence. His dress sense was implacable. A smart, but loose fitting suit. He looked every inch the man who owned this place, and the man who owned me.

It was Orton. He was on the dock waiting for me. With him was a servant and a girl.

My heart skipped as he smiled. I went straight to him, and he hugged me warmly. He was a little taller than me, and it felt great to be in his arms.

"You look amazing, Cara," he said.

"You too." I whispered.

He told me he had been worried, because of the accident, but was over joyed to see me again.

The girl's name was Lilly. Orton introduced her gracefully. She was a slave, like me. Although, she was a little older. Apparently we had been friends, but I couldn't remember her. 

She gave me a hug too. 

Orton told me that she was going to show me my room, and that we could meet later.

I insisted that he should show me to his room first. As it might spark some of my lost memories.

He agreed, with a grin. I think he knew what I really wanted.

We left the dock arm in arm, I looked back at Lilly, and I could see a slight hint of tears in her eyes. She must have really missed me.

**********

He had his own set of rooms. I was told they were off limits unless I was invited. That seemed a reasonable rule. I hoped I would be here often, though.

His office was the first room he took me in. It was where he did the majority of his work. It was a very masculine place. Lots of dark wood and stylish sculptures.

Not a place for girls like me. I felt honored to be allowed inside.

"What do you do?" I asked.

"Ore mining. I have mines in many, many locations."

He seemed very humble. It was an attractive quality. 

Everything about him was attractive. His manner, his voice, the way he looked. A wealthy man like him couldn't be expected to be in amazing shape, but somehow he pulled it off. His soft features were cute, but manly too.

I could barely keep my eyes off him. The same could be said for him. He hadn't given anything or anyone a second look since I had arrived.

In the middle of the room I gave him a little twirl.

"What do you think?" I asked with a smile.

"Gorgeous," he said.

"The dress, I mean." I said, blushing a little.

He laughed and told me, that was very beautiful too.

I walked around to the other side of the desk, making sure to sway my hips.

There was a high backed leather office chair. I took a seat crossing my legs.

A bigger smile was on his face. He seemed to like me in a playful mood.

It came natural to me. I was so excited to be here.

"So you don't remember anything?" Orton asked as he approached the desk.

I shook my head. "Bits and pieces."

I asked him if I seemed the same. He said, that there were some differences, but they were small, and he thought that in time that I'd return to normal.

"It feels like I have an opportunity for a fresh start." I said. He agreed, and that could only be seen as a good thing.

"Let me have a proper look at you," he said, with a grin and started to walk around the desk.

"No, no no." I said, wagging my finger at him. "Employees stay on that side."

He chuckled.

"So you're my boss?" he asked, with a smile.

I nodded. 

"And what are your orders, Boss?" I loved that he was playing along. He had a very carefree demeanor.

I stroked my lips with my fingers, thinking.

Suddenly a thought struck me.

"Why don't you tell me three things about me that you like?"

As he scratched his chin, thinking, I gently stroked a finger along the curve of my breast.

"I like your tits," he said with a big grin. "Your ass."

No more finger wagging was going to stop him now. He circled around the desk with a hungry look in his eyes. I returned it just as fiercely.

"And your lips," he said, and lunged for me.

I tried to jump out of the chair, but his hands grasped the armrests trapping me.

It was so hot how he came for me. I was breathing hard, my breasts heaving in my tight dress.

He looked down at me lustfully. I licked my lips in anticipation

I didn't want to make it that easy for him though. I wanted my return to be memorable for him. I wanted to draw it out as long as possible.

As he came for his kiss. I slide out of the chair, and squirmed to his side. I dodged and he tried to grab my arms.

We were both laughing. He spun the chair and stalked towards me. I backed away slowly. It was a fun game, and I felt wetness between my legs. My pussy was already aching for him.

It took a lot of willpower, to not let him take me right there.

Instead, I backed up to a door, and let myself though it.

I let out a loud laugh as I had backed myself in to a bedroom.

It was decorated sensually. Erotic paintings hung on the wall. The bed looked amazing. Large, and pilled with cushions.

He was slowly coming towards me again. I backed against the bed. This time when he lunged, I let him catch me.

I whimpered as his strong arms encircled me. He felt so warm against my chest.

"You tease," he said.

"What are you going to do with me?" I asked, feigning shyness.

He was slightly taller, and looked down at me.

His grip tightened, and he told me to tell him three things that I liked about him.

"Your confidence." I said, batting my eyes at him. "Your strength."

"And your kindness."

As he told me that he would never let me go, I closed my eyes for his kiss.

It was so tender, it made me shiver all over, and I melted into his arms. 

My heart was beating hard. It was so wonderful. Everything that I had imagined.

Our tongues played in each others mouths. They touched and caressed each other. I could barely feel as his hand squeezed my ass.

I wanted him to touch me all over. I wanted his mouth all over me.

My mouth was hungry for him too. I sucked at his lips, his tongue.

I grabbed one of his hands and guided it to my breast. As he massaged it, my hand covered his. Helping him with his attentions.

It wasn't long before his other hand joined in. He pulled my dress open, exposing them.

I sucked in air sharply as his hands played with my bare breasts. His mouth was on my neck, kissing and licking.

My knees felt weak with excitement. He was such a confident lover.

The bed was pushing up against the backs of my legs. I was pleading in my head that he would push me onto my back and take me. My pussy was so ready for him.

As he concentrated on my chest, I opened his trousers and eased his cock out. It was already so hard. The skin was soft though, and it felt nice between my fingers. I stroked him slowly. Feeling the size and weight in my palm.

"I want you inside of me." I whispered, huskily.

Suddenly he stopped, and grabbed my hands. He pulled them behind my back and circled my wrists with one of his hands.

I felt his cock swinging helplessly against my legs. He was grinning.

His free hand was gently cupping my breast. He was teasing me. I tried to lean forward to kiss him, but he just pulled at my wrists holding me back.

He took my hard nipple and rolled it between his thumb and forefinger. I closed my eyes and sighed. It felt electric.

I sucked my bottom lip into my mouth as he pulled at the bottom of my dress. I bit down as he raised it.

Two of his strong fingers stroked up and down my slick pussy. I trembled.

"Who is the boss?" he asked. His tone was commanding and confident.

"You are." I whimpered. 

His fingers pushed my lips apart and slid slowly into my tight wet pussy. I cried out with an open mouth.

He couldn't hold my wrists any longer, they wriggled free. I tugged at his collar hard. His fingers sending hard spasms through my body.

I pulled at him, and we fell onto the bed. My legs spreading for him. Wrapping around him. His fingers deeper now.

Again his mouth was on mine.

"Please, fuck me." I begged.

What ever he was doing with his fingers was ecstatic, but I wanted more.

I reached down with my hand looking for his cock. Again, I was denied. His fingers slipped out of me, and he grabbed my wrists, pinning my arms above my head.

Desperation filled me. I squirmed underneath him, my legs pulling at him. He was inches away, I wanted to feel him inside me.

"Please." I pleaded.

He held his wet fingers to my lips. Offering them to me.

"You can do better than that," he said, wickedly. 

I could taste my juices as I licked his fingers greedily. "Please, Sir. Fuck me."

My voice was firm and clear as I begged again and again, sucking his fingers. 

I felt him rubbing his cock against me. It pressed against my opening. Time stopped. I was as still as a board, my breath held, my eyes wide and alive.

It was a soundless cry from me, as he finally pushed his cock through my tender flesh. I let out a deep exhale, followed by a moan.

I was in heaven. As he fully filled me, I bit down on his fingers. He winced a little.

Everything became woozy and dreamlike. It felt like I was being split in two. The sound of the bed and my moans filled the room.

His hips moved quickly, forcefully. My legs clung to him as he worked himself against, and inside of me.

"Fuck me." I cried out as he brought me quickly to an orgasm. My back arched, and I cried out his name.

I wanted him to come too, but he had other ideas.

"On your knees." He commanded. I gladly did as I was told.

I was far more relaxed now. The initial hunger had subsided, only to be replaced with a warm loving feeling. He as such a great lover. The way he fucked me was out of this world.

Quickly, he was inside of me again. Taking me from behind.

He was grunting now, with each thrust. Not as fast, just long, deep and powerful. My breasts swung heavily beneath me.

His hands held onto my thin waist.

Each time I jerked forward, I moaned out his name.

"You're an amazing fuck, Cara," he said, panting.

"Thank you, Sir." I said, between moans.

He snorted in pleasure. "I like you calling me that."

I smiled. It wasn't something that he had asked me to do. It just came naturally.

He reached out and grabbed my long single braid. He pulled forcing my head back, his cock delving deeper as it did. It felt amazing.

He held on tight as he continued to fuck me.

Then suddenly a hard slap against my ass.

"Oh fuck." I gasped.

Another one connected.

"Oh, Sir."

As a third one hit, I heard his breathing falter. He was coming. I desperately wanted to see his face as he orgasmed.

I managed to twist my head, and caught as glimpse of his face contorted with pleasure. His body shook, and he shot his seed inside of me. 

He was spent. He huffed heavily at the air. His hand released me. I melted against the bed. It had been so amazing.

He stroked at my legs as I rolled over. I laughed a little, realizing we were both more-or-less still dressed.

Orton rested on his knees, panting heavily. As I lay there watching him, I felt his cum oozing out of me.

I sat up and took his cock in my mouth. Our juices combined tasted good. I sucked him slowly as he went limp in my mouth. I licked every inch of him clean. His hand rested idly on my head.

"You're a good girl," he said, with a sigh.

Afterwards, we undressed, and held each other in the bed. It was still daylight. No time for sleep just yet, but we were both exhausted.

"Your skin is so soft." Orton said to me, as he ran his hands over me.

As we lay there, I hoped he would recover quickly, as the things I wanted him to do to me filled my head.

***********

I spent the night in Orton's room. We fucked a handful of times. Sometimes slow and gentle, and other times hard and rough. During the times when his energy failed him, we gently explored each others bodies.

The servants served us a delicious meal, which we ate in bed.

The morning sun streamed through the window hitting our naked bodies. It warmed us and made us stir. 

He was behind me, his arm draped over me.

I felt very secure and safe in his embrace. It had been a wonderful evening. I'd have hoped to have seen my home more, but this had been so much better. This was my real home anyway, in his bed.

"Good morning, Cara," he said, whispering in my ear.

It wasn't just his body that was awake. I could feel his cock against the back of my legs.

"Give me a kiss," he said, trying to roll me over.

I shrugged him off playfully. My breath wasn't at its sweetest.

He resigned himself to rubbing his cock a little more against my skin. I had found out that he loved it when I denied him. It made him crazier for me. The more I said no, the more he wanted me and the harder we would fuck.

As his fingers crawled up my stomach looking for my breast, I threw his arm off and rolled out of bed. 

"Breakfast first." I said, with a giggle.

My dress was crumpled on the floor. I didn't want to put it back on. Instead, I put on his shirt. I didn't button it, I just pulled it casually to cover my breasts.

"Come back to bed," he said, lazily.

I gave him a big grin and went towards a set of doors that led to the balcony.

The air felt cool and fresh as I walked out into the morning light. I lent against the railing and looked around at my new home.

It still looked amazing. There was a great big pool complex beneath me. The water looked clean and inviting.

There was the girl from yesterday. She was sunning herself next to the water.

I remembered her name was, Lilly. I tried to wave at her, but she didn't see me. Maybe, I would meet her later.

She was very good-looking. I wondered if we would become lovers.

As I looked down at Lilly, Orton came onto the balcony. He was wearing a robe.

I asked him what our plans were for the day. He wrapped his arms around me and told me that he needed to work.

"That's not fair." I said, pouting.

"You should have come back to bed," he smirked.

I nodded sadly as I pulled at the cord to his robe. He smiled as I lowered myself to my knees.

His cock got hard in mouth. It was nice to suck his dick in the open air.

*********

A servant was called, and showed me to my room. I was still wearing Orton's shirt. As he opened the door, I slipped it off and handed it to him. I didn't care if he saw my body.

The room was nice and spacious. It wasn't as nice as Orton's, but I didn't expect it to be.

The closet was my first port of call. I picked out a nice revealing bikini. I had a mind to sit by the pool with Lilly.

Before I closed the closet, I noticed something on the floor, discarded in the corner. Something about the color caught my eye.

I pulled it out to have a look. At first, I didn't know what I was looking at. It was some kind of top. It had three brass buttons. I tried it on, but it didn't fit around my chest. 

A servant must have brought it here by mistake, I thought. I put it back where I found it, and went for a shower.

The complex was a maze. I got lost a few times, and it took me a while to orientate myself. Eventually I found the pool. Lilly wasn't here.

I looked up at the balcony hoping to see Orton, but he wasn't there. It was a bit chilly for sun bathing, so I went exploring.
