 This ongoing sci-fi series will contain non-consensual elements.

*****

The days passed quickly. All I could think about was our trip away together. Orton had told me to pack for cold weather. It was all very mysterious.

A servant showed me to a room that contained a selection of clothes that were being stored. I spent a whole afternoon in there.

The rest of my spare time was wasted in the entertainment center. Outside, the air was colder than before, so dreams of sitting by the pool were nixed. It wouldn't be long before I would be wearing winter clothes everyday.

The evenings I spent with Orton. We played more bondage games, which he loved.

I never canned him, that was always his role. Once, he even made me cum with it.

Even though I had my own room, I never slept in it.

We never got around to going for our swim. He promised that we would when we got back. Naked of course.

He liked his secrets, and even though I begged him, he never went into many details about where we were going.

It wasn't all happiness and joy. I was walking by the kitchen one day, when I heard two of the servants talking. They were gossiping about Lilly. They said, that she had been sold to a breeding farm. I didn't believe them. There was no way Orton would have lied to me.

I didn't tell anyone about the overheard conversation. I didn't want to upset Orton. It was sad though to think they would spread such gossip.

The yacht was almost ready. The servants loaded all the things we needed for our trip.

Before we left Orton presented me with a gift. It was a new collar, or at least one that I would wear during our trip. It was thick and gold. It weighed about the same, though. He told me that it would be important that I was seen as an owned girl.

I thanked him the only way an owned girl should, on my knees.

We boarded the ship together, the taste of him still in my mouth. I felt blessed and complete.

**********

Once aboard Orton showed me to our room. It was spectacular. It was at the top of the ship and had panoramic views. The ceiling was a clear dome that promised an even greater spectacle. It was an all in one room, with a section dedicated to a sitting area and a desk too.

I hoped that if Orton had any work to do I would be allowed to stay. It would be nice just to be in his presence.

After we took off, Orton suggested that I look around. I wanted him to come too, but he promised that he would be here when I got back.

The yacht had five decks, it wasn't a huge ship, but it was a fair size. There was even room for a small cargo bay. I wandered the halls aimlessly. No doors were closed to me. 

They mostly contained smaller but equally luxurious guest rooms. There were some games rooms too, and a dinning room that could seat about twelve people.

The engine room was very interesting. I had expected it to be noisy and smelly. It wasn't, it looked clean and well maintained. One of the crew gave me a brief overview of how it worked. His words were pretty much meaningless, but I nodded politely.

As I ventured further into the ship, I came across a room with a crewman posted on the door. As I went to look inside he blocked me with a hand.

"I'm afraid it's off limits" he said.

I pouted and told him that Orton wouldn't mind.

He took pity on me and said, I could have a look, but not I still wasn't allowed in.

The door hissed open. It was a store room. There was a large perspex box with rocks inside. As I looked at it, i couldn't understand what I was looking at.

Then I saw them, long thin worms moving about. I felt uneasy. Something in the pit of my stomach clenched tight. I had to leave.

I heard the crewman shutting the door, as I walked quickly away.

They had sparked something in me. I didn't know what, all I knew is that I wanted to be as far away as possible.

Eventually I found myself on the bridge.

The Captain was an attractive man. He very graciously told me he could give me a tour of the operation controls. I declined.

Seeing those things was still affecting me. I returned to our room, and took a shower. 

Orton was working, but he took a break to join me. As I soaped his body, I told him about the creatures I saw.

"You don't need to worry about them," he said, reassuringly.

Apparently he was storing them here. They weren't pets, or food.

I smiled and said I was glad.

It was only a small shower, but we found enough room for a slow fuck.

**********

Our trip only took two days. I spent most of it in bed watching the stars above me. We ate most of our meals here too.

Finally, Orton told me what we were going to be doing.

"We will be having dinner with a very important man."

It was a bit disappointing. We had come all this way just to sit on the ship and have a meal. Orton thought it was important though, so that was the main issue.

"He is an ambassador. I am looking to expand my business and need permission to do so. We have to impress him," he said.

It was hard to get my head around Orton having to work to impress someone. Usually it was the other way around for men like him.

A servant was called. It was a plain looking girl, and she helped me with my hair. She had obviously been taught very well as she made an amazing job of it.

After she left I looked at myself in the mirror. All my blonde hair was piled on top of my head in curls. Some was tastefully left hanging against my face. It was beautiful, very fitting for an important guest.

"You have to remember that he is from a different part of the galaxy. So his laws are not the same as our." Orton said as he dressed himself in a smart suit.

He had picked me out a very elegant outfit. It was a white dress, with black piping. Not unlike the yacht, I thought. It tied up behind my neck. 

There was no cleavage on show. In fact, it was very tasteful. The only exposed flesh was the entirety of my back, my arms, and the skin below my knees. It was silky and contoured to my curves nicely.

"Slavery is illegal, where he comes from." Orton went on.

I asked him if I had to remove my collar, but he told me it would be okay. Again I looked in the mirror, it looked good with my dress. The thin collar was practical, this chunkier gold one looked more stylish.

My make-up was easier to put on now. I had spent a bit of time practicing back home. I painted my lips a deep red, but kept everything else sexy, but not over the top. The look was finished with a pair of leather ankle boots.

"You look wonderful." Orton told me. "It's up to you to impress, as much as me."

I hoped I would do well.

Suddenly something appeared in the corner of my eye.

It was a ship roving into view. As I stood at the window, watching it approach, Orton joined me, and placed a comforting hand on my back.

"That will be him," he said.

The ship was grey and looked more utilitarian than our yacht. They were comparable in size.

"It's a UEN corvette." Orton told me.

I could feel butterflies in my stomach.

We watched it taking a position off our starboard side. Then there was a small shuttle coming our way.

"Time to go." Orton said, and guided me out of the room.

**********

Orton went to greet the guest in the cargo hold. I waited anxiously in the dinning room. 

"May I introduce Ambassador Gant." Orton said, as the tow men entered the room.

He looked about ten years older than Orton, and about three times the size. He was a very large man, and bald.

His bulging stomach pushed obscenely at the dress uniform that he was wearing. It was a very pale blue with gold buttons straining to hold it closed. There was a gold sash that crossed his body, presumably to denote his office.

Gant took my hand delicately and shook it, as Orton told him my name.

"Cara, what a pleasure to meet you," he said, as his eyes scanned my body.

It only lasted a little moment, but I noticed a slight frown as his eyes found my collar.

There was a little small talk as Orton asked him about his trip, and then we sat down at the table.

The big twelve-seater table hand been removed, and replaced by a table that just sat us three. It seemed a lot more intimate.

"It's a very beautiful ship, what do you think Cara?" he asked.

I was glad he was including me in the conversation. I had the fear that it all might be business talk.

"I love it." I said, and then asked him what his ship was like.

"Oh. It's a military transport. It's very cramped and uncomfortable. The United Earth Navy has never been one to put comfort before practicality."

He had an easy and jovial way about him and it was easy to talk to him. I was warming to him.

As our main meal was served the men started to talk more about their business. 

From what I could gleam, Orton wanted to open a ore mining facility in UEN space, thus expanding his company into new territory. It wasn't a popular idea with some politicians though. Ultimately the decision would lie with Ambassador Gant, though.

"It's the slave labor that is the main problem." Gant said, and gave me a sympathetic look.

Orton told him that the mine would't use slave labor, and that should take care of the problem.

"Your other mines still use them though." Gant said, taking a sip of his wine.

"So they just don't want to be associated with me." Orton said, and Gant nodded.

"Why don't the UEN like slavery?" I asked, breaking the tension.

"It's a morality issue, my dear." Gant said, to me sweetly. 

"But, I'm happy." I said.

"Oh, I'm sure you are, but that's not how everyone thinks. Some people don't want to do business with companies who exploit their labor force."

Orton snorted and said that there wasn't much difference between slave mining and contract mining. "My contracts are just for life." He said.

Gant was being diplomatic, he didn't take either stance too seriously.

"Now, if you were to move your whole operation into UEN space. Drop the slaves, and we would be more accommodating." Gant said.

It seemed that the ambassador was trying to convert Orton to his way of thinking. That at least explained why he wanted to meet.

He went on to tell me that part of his job was bringing new business into UEN space.

Orton wasn't keen on discussing that. It was apparent to me that both men had met at an impasse.

They talked further about the difference in their laws, and then the conversation turned back to more casual matters.

Gant had just come back from a trip to earth.

"How is the mother planet?" Orton asked.

"Still over crowded, but there are still some nice areas." He went on to say that he spent a lot of time at the UEN headquarters on Mars, but he got enough time off to visit holiday resorts on earth. He could find a couple of days here and there with his wife.

"I don't know why people still cling to it. Imagined nostalgia, no doubt." Orton said, with a smirk.

Gant asked if either of us had ever been. Orton said he had when he was little. I wasn't sure if I had or not, so I just shook my head.

A servant brought us desert, which Gant eyed with great delight. I only took a few bites, I didn't want to lose my figure like he had.

I didn't find him unattractive. He had nice eyes, and an ease in the way he talked.

Orton suggested that he spend the night. 

"We have very nice beds, it would be a shame to go back to your ship now."

There was some reluctance, but he agreed in the end.

"The bed they gave me is so small." Gant complained, and thanked Orton for his hospitality.

A servant was summoned and told to take Gant to his guest room and inform his ship that he would be staying the night.

We made our goodbyes, he told me that it had been an absolute pleasure meeting me, and gave me a kiss on the cheek.

"That was a wonderful evening." I said, now alone with Orton.

He gave me a big hug and agreed.

"It's not over though. I want you to go to his room and show him that there are no hard feelings about his decision. Make his evening end on a memorable note."

I got an idea of what he wanted me to do. It wasn't unpleasant, in fact I felt very honored to help him.

"Spend the whole night if he wants." Orton said, and patted my bum.

**********

I checked my hair and make-up in the bathroom before I went to the guest room.

He was sitting on a couch removing his shoes when I entered. I didn't bother knocking, I had full access to the rooms.

"Oh." He said, a little shocked. "Is there anything wrong?" He asked.

"We just want to make sure you have everything you need." I said, as I approached him.

"It's lovely," he said, looking around the room.

There was a smile on his face. Not like the one that Orton gave me, or like the ones I caught the crew secretly giving me. He looked at me with warmth and friendliness.

It wasn't going to be as easy as just removing my dress and letting him take advantage. I didn't want to let Orton down, though. I couldn't just return and say that he wasn't interested.

"Can I ask you a question?" I asked.

A big smile appeared on his face, "Of course you can, my dear."

I took a seat next to him on the couch, causing him to shift his weight to address me better.

"Do you think that all slaves hate their lives?"

"Of course not," he said. "I think that you seem very happy and well taken care of, but there are those out there who aren't so well treated."

I nodded, his words were spoken with kindness.

He rubbed his chin for a second. "If Orton did give up all his slaves, including you. Do you think you would stay with him?"

"I would." I said, quickly. It was true, I couldn't imagine a life without him.

"Then," Gant started. "Why do you even need that collar?"

My finger instinctively went to it. He had a point, but he was missing the whole picture.

"It isn't just about him owning me. It gives me safety, it is our lifelong contract. I would never have doubts about him taking care of me."

He agreed, but went on to say that it took away all of my lawful rights.

This time it was my turn to agree.

"I don't think either us are going to change each others minds." He said, ruefully.

Then he patted his knees, and said that it was time for his bed, and that I probably should be going.

This wasn't going the way I wanted.

Honesty seemed the best policy at this point.

I placed hand on the side of his arm, stopping him rising.

"Orton told me I had to seduce you." I said, it plainly as possible.

He nodded. "I thought that might have been the case. I appreciate it, but I'm a married man, and well you being a slave. It's not my sort of thing."

"Can I just stay a little longer. He doesn't need to know I failed." I said, a bit more sadly.

"Oh my dear, of course. He wouldn't punish you would he?"

Orton would never hurt me like that. Gant didn't need to know that though, so I gave a little shrug. This had the desired effect, and he gave me a sympathetic look.

"We can have a chat and a drink." He said, and went to get a few glasses.

He told me more about the work that he did. To cheer me up he told me a few funny anecdotes too.

He was curious about my background, but I skirted around the issue. In fact, I felt like I had nothing to really talk about. What he talked about was very interesting, though.

I asked him more about the UEN, I was very curious about it.

As he talked about its history I slipped off my ankle boots and pulled my legs up onto the couch.

Apparently it had started as a military wing for one of earths central governments. A way to provide security to early human colonies, as it grew and expanded it gained more power. Communications in the beginning was a long and hard process. The ships had to be given more autonomous power to be effective. 

"Humanities destination was always among the stars. That's where progress lay, and where progress is, that's where the power is." He said. "The UEN could act as governors and protectors at the same time." 

It eventually replaced all other forms of government on earth.

He went on to talk about the rise in slavery. He told me that humanity being what it was. There were always going to be disagreements in how things would be governed. One of those was the use of slave labor. In the outer colonies, the ones so far away from support from earth, labor was hard to come by.

"The problem was, that these burgeoning colonies needed workers. Attracting them from the central region was hard, so they reverted to the old ways." He mentioned that all earth's great civilizations had used slavery in one form or another.

"The UEN could only do so much, a line had to be drawn."

I asked him if slavery would ever be totally outlawed.

"Outlawed, all together? Unlikely. The galaxy is too big now. We had our chance to stem the tide, but it failed."

I thought about what he said for a second.

"Then why fight it. Why not work together?"

He shrugged, and told me that some people thought like that, but most were afraid that slavery would spread through the entire galaxy.

The time was getting late. It seemed like we had been talking for hours. I didn't want it to end, but I had something else to do before I left.

"One last question?"

He nodded appreciatively.

"If I wasn't a slave, would you have let me seduce you?" I asked, with a low voice.

"Well, you are very beautiful, but really, I am married too." He was a bit more flustered now.

I placed my hand on his leg. "You haven't answered." 

"Then, I think I would have." He said, there was still some unsurety in his voice.

I moved my hand a little further up his thigh. His eyes were fixed on me now. Morals or not, he was still a man. One more little push, I thought.

There was an awkward silence, then his hand was on mine, stopping its advance. With a shaky voice he said that it be best that I leave.

I gave him a smile, and got to my feet. As I faced him, I didn't take my eyes of his.

Reaching behind my neck, I undid the knot that was holding my dress up. A word formed on his lips, but it didn't vocalize. My dress fell away from my body easily, pooling at my feet.

He couldn't help himself, his eyes darted quickly from mine, to take in the sight of my naked body.

I didn't give him chance to form a new resolve, I climbed into his lap straddling him. I took his bald head gently in my hands.

"You are worth more than this," he said, weakly.

"I know." I said, and pressed my lips against his.

At first, he just accepted my kiss. My tongue slipped into his mouth. Then I felt his hands on my sides. Just holding me. I took one guiding it to my breast.

This warmed him up, he kissed me back, and squeezed my tit. He was mine now.

*********

Gant was finally asleep. I slipped quietly out of his bed. I collected my shoes and dress and left the room.

It had been a fun evening. Not just the sex, but talking to him was really refreshing. It was a shame I couldn't have spoken to him more. He was very knowledgeably on a great many subjects.

I wanted to be with Orton again.

As I entered our suite, I was surprised to find him still awake. Awake and in bed. I dropped my clothes and climbed in beside him.

He gave me a hug and told me that I did really well.

I cuddled up to him, resting my head on his chest.

"Do you want me to tell you what happened?"

He chuckled and told me that he was watching.

That was also a surprise.

He pressed a button on a controller he had. At the foot of the bed a holoscreen appeared. It was me and Gant, we were talking on the couch. It was a recording and the sound was muted.

Orton snickered again. "It's okay, I really enjoyed it."

"Do you always do this?" I asked. I didn't mind at all, but it would be good to know for the future.

He told me only for special occasions. It wasn't just a kink he had. He told me the footage would be useful.
