 This ongoing sci-fi series will contain non-consensual elements.

***

The cold was still biting and the air nipped at the end of my nose as we made our way back to the yacht. Juno had already been taken ahead of us, and was waiting on the ship.

A walkway had been constructed, giving us easier journey through the snow. I could see why they had to do it. Residual heat from the ships was melting the snow. A river of cold icy water flowed next to us, and it would only get worse as the ships fired their engines for take off.

"How long will the station be here?" I asked Orton.

He told me it would be here for about two weeks. It moved around, stopping in different locations to attract more customers.

It was such a relief to get back into the warmth of the yacht. Orton asked me if I enjoyed our trip.

"So much." I said, to him happily. It had been very memorable. Even my indiscretion was a nice memory.

As we entered our suite, things only got better. The crew had put all my purchases on the table, filling it up. The rest was scattered near the couch.

"How much did you spend?" Orton said, incredulously.

"Probably less than you." I said, muttering as I went to inspect my things.

Orton came over at one point and swapped my collar for the thinner one. I sort of missed the heavier golden one.

I was still looking through my bags when the ship took off. Some of the things I didn't even remember buying. Orton sat at his desk with a disapproving look on his face.

There were heaps of dresses, some more winter outfits. Plenty of jewelry, and lots of hair products.

After a while Orton came over and said that he needed me to do something. I got a bad feeling, and suspected what he was going to ask.

"You should go and talk to Juno, it will be difficult for her," he said, as he sat on the couch next to me.

I nodded reluctantly. 

He seemed to register my fear and stroked the hair away from my eyes. "She just needs a friend. She will love you."

I asked him why he was so keen on buying her, and that another choice might have been better.

He shrugged. "When I see something I want, I just buy it."

That made me feel a bit better. He had bought me, so his decisions couldn't always be bad.

There was that nagging question hanging over my head though. It was probably the right time to ask.

"She isn't just a playmate for me is she?"

"No. Once she had learned her place, I will take her to bed. Don't worry though, she isn't here to replace you," he said. His words were reassuring, and I was glad of his honest. I gave him a big hug, and thanked him.

Before I left, he let me know what room she was in, and then gave me some important information.

"If you say the word 'sunfire.' It will have an effect on her collar. It will paralyze her. It won't hurt, just stop her hurting herself or another."

He told me it was just a safety feature, and told me the effect would only last an hour or so. She would be aware of her surroundings, but couldn't move.

I stayed in my zip up top and tight pants as I made my way to her room. I liked the outfit, even though it wasn't at all revealing, and thought I might wear it more at home. Especially now that the weather was turning colder.

On my way I stopped at the medical store for a few things.

At her door I took a deep breath and said the word Orton told me a few times under my breath, so I wouldn't forget.

She was sat quietly on the floor in the center of the room. I was a bit underwhelmed. I expected her to be a bit more active.

"I've brought some things for your face." I said, holding up the medical kit I brought.

There was a quick nod. I smiled and went to sit next to her on the carpet. Her eyes danced quickly over me. She was nervous, but was doing a good job at hiding it.

I took out a cooling patch, and went to apply it to her black eye, as I told her it would help with the swelling. She pulled away from my touch.

"Take it." I said, and handed it to her.

Being so close to her now, I could really appreciate how slight her body was. She had a bit of definition on her legs, but the rest of her looked skinny. Her very short hair and flat chest made her look very boyish. I thought though, that once her face healed she might look pretty.

As a slave killer, she wasn't really frightening me. Nothing about her seemed very dangerous at all.

She was wearing something, I think they gave her at the auction. It was a simple shirt and trousers.

"My name is, Cara." I said, expecting her to say her name, but she just nodded again.

"Your name is, Juno?" I asked, with a smile. Again there was just a slight nod of her head.

She could speak the same language as me, at least.

As I scratched my head thinking of how to engage with her, she finally spoke.

"What is going to happen to me?" She asked, with a shaky voice.

I told her that we were going home. It wouldn't take us long.

"Are they going to torture me again?" she asked.

I told her, absolutely not. As I reassured her, she reached over taking the medical kit.

"There will be stuff in there for your lip." I said, and got a friendly nod back.

As she rooted around in the bag, she told me about how she had been treated. It sounded horrific.

I could see tears forming in her eyes.

"I just don't want to feel afraid anymore," she said, looking up at me pathetically.

It broke my heart, and I embraced her. I whispered that it was going to be okay.

I felt her hand reaching up across my chest, and grabbing my collar tightly. It was too tight, and made me jerk forward. Her other hand was quick, and was suddenly against my face.

There was something shiny grasped between her fingers. It was a pair of scissors.

"It will be okay," she said. "You are going to take me to the bridge right now. Or I will take your eye."

I could hear the venom in her voice. She had tricked me. The tears were gone, only to be replaced with a determined look.

"Sunfire." I said, and just as suddenly, she collapsed into my arms. Thankfully the scissors dropped away harmlessly.

She looked asleep. Orton had told me that she would still feel and be aware of things happening around her.

I wanted to scream at her, and tell her that I was only trying to help. That didn't seem the best course of action. Even though I knew she had played on my emotions, I didn't doubt her time before now hadn't been hard.

"I'm sorry, you had to do that." I said, to her un-moving body.

I removed the scissors, and left her with the rest of the medical supplies.

"I won't tell anyone about what you tried to do." I said, and got up to leave. Orton had said, the effect would wear out in about an hour. I moved her body a bit making her more comfortable before I left.

**********

True to my word I didn't tell Orton about her attacking me. In a way it was my fault. It was me who practically handed over a dangerous weapon. I had to be more careful.

I made an excuse when Orton asked me to see her again onboard the ship I think that she needed time to calm down. Back at home it would be different. There would be more people about. So I waited.

After we landed, she was escorted by the crew to her room. It was next to mine. It was to be kept locked though, and she would only be let out with an escort. Orton hoped that I would feel comfortable enough to act as escort from time to time. I did have that word after all.

The servants had to make two trips to bring in my bags. Maybe I had bought too much.

Later that night in Orton's room, he confided in me that maybe he had bitten off more than he could chew.

As we lay in bed, he played footage of her from her room. I hadn't known about a camera, and I presumed there was one in my room too. It was a nice to think of Orton being able to see me when he wanted to.

Mostly she paced about, but sometimes she would run her hands over the door joints.

"She's looking for ways to escape," he said.

He told me at one point, that she tried to dismantle a lamp. "Probably trying to fashion a weapon or something."

"Tomorrow, you will speak to her some more. Try and get her to relax." He told me.

I asked him when he was going to talk to her, and he told me he would know when the time was right.

He pressed a button on the control and the scene changed. It was recording from the bathroom. We watched in silence as Juno began to run a bath. As she stripped off I noticed more bruising on her petite body. Her breasts were small but very perky.

As she climbed into the bath, Orton began to stir. I could tell it was turning him on. He patted the back of my head, indicating what he wanted me to do. 

I slipped under the sheets, and began to pleasure him with my mouth. As I did, he told me that he wanted me to seduce her.

"Fuck her a couple of times, once you have warmed her up, you can bring her to me," he said, as he pushed his cock further into my mouth.

**********

The air was cool and crisp. Enough that it warranted wearing a jacket.

I had thought about what Orton had requested. Seducing Juno was easier said than done. With Gant it was simple, but with her, I didn't think so. Did she even like girls?

Her room was unguarded. I had access to the locked door, and was grateful there would be watching eyes. 

As I entered, she was laying on her bed, fully clothed staring at the ceiling.

"I'm allowed to show you around? Maybe you would like a walk?" I said, as cheerfully as I could.

"Fuck off." She replied, bluntly.

This definitely wasn't going to be easy.

"There's a pool. We could go for a swim?"

"Listen, I'm sure you mean well, but you really need to fuck off."

At least she was being honest this time. Then I remembered back to Gant, and how my own honesty had moved things along with him.

"I've been asked to seduce you." I said.

This made her sit up. "Well, you are doing a terrible job."

I went and sat on the couch. She eyed me suspiciously.

"I've never seduced a terrorist before." I said, with a shrug.

"I'm not a terrorist." She muttered.

I asked her what she was then. She told me that she was a freedom fighter.

"I free stupid girls like you."

That was a hurtful comment, but I let it pass. We couldn't just sit here and argue all day. I thought about what would make her happy. Then it struck me.

"At least let me walk you around the perimeter fence, stretch your legs."

This got her attention, rather than a lazy stroll I was offering her a look at the barrier keeping her in. Just as she had searched for an escape on the recording.

"I guess so."

With that, she left the room with me. I kept my distance. I didn't think she would try anything sill. She knew I could stop her with one word.

As we walked together I pointed out the red strip, and told her what would happen if she crossed it. I could sense she was taking mental notes. Her eyes never left the fence, or the forest on the other side.

At one point she did stop. We came across a large grey pillar. It was something I thought was a piece of art. She said that It was an air defense system. Something to stop unwanted ships. At least she was talking to me without being prompted now.

There was nothing feminine about her, but she did had a sexual allure. It was her boyish nature, almost masculine in someways. Juno was the type of girl who you would find more comfortable in an engine bay than a formal dance. Her hands seemed rough, and used to work.

"Is it true Red Moon kill slaves?" I asked.

She snorted. "Who told you that."

I said, I just heard it, and she told me it was lies.

"That's what they tell the slaves to scare them. We free slaves. Not kill them."

It made sense. I wondered if Orton knew it wasn't true. Or maybe Juno was the one lying.

As we walked further I asked her if it was true that Red Moon members kill themselves to avoid capture. This she told me was partially true, but it was rare that they ever got caught. Just another piece of propaganda.

I asked how she had come to be caught.

"So this is an interrogation," she said, accusingly.

I tried to assure that wasn't why I asked, but she was silent again. We finished our walk in the same way we started. At least I got through to her at some point.

She didn't say goodbye as I left her in her room, I promised to see her tomorrow though. She just shrugged.

Later that night Orton told me I had done very well. He wasn't cross that I had told her of my plan to seduce her. He remembered me using that tact on Gant, and said I had been very clever. There was a warning from him, that I shouldn't believe everything she was telling me.

It took a few days of walking before we felt somewhat comfortable together. She asked me about where I had come from, and I admitted to having memory loss. It was something that raised her suspicions, but there wasn't much else I could say on the matter. I wasn't convinced that she believed my story.

It felt good to have a little project like this. In the evenings Orton would give me feedback on how I was doing. He was very impressed with me.

"You are very patient," he said.

More and more, he would have me pleasure him while he watched her in the shower. He told me she was getting prettier now that her face had fully healed up. Sometimes he would whisper her name into my ear when he would fuck me. His lust for her was growing.

As the days went on though, my progress with her stalled. Our walks weren't getting longer as I hoped. Any other activities I suggested were always declined. We would talk in a respectful manner, but it would never turn friendly, as much as I tired.

When I tried to confront her about this. She told me that she could never fully trust me.

"You'll always be a slave to your master."

No amount of honesty from my end could convince her otherwise. Her stubbornness was immovable.

Then the escape attempt happened. One day when a servant was bringing her food, she complained about having a sore stomach, and as he went to see if she was okay, she jumped him. She was quick to stuff his mouth with a rag she had picked up. 

Whoever was monitoring her, wasn't paying attention, and she had made it half way to the dock before they sent out a remote signal paralyzing her. An alarm went off at the same time making me jump out of my skin.

Orton was at the end of his tether. At first, he had enjoyed her spirit, but now it was turning dangerous.

"What if she'd have killed that servant."

I tried to tell him that she wouldn't have down that, but he was adamant that she could have very easily made a mistake and caused him serious harm.

"She needs to learn her place," he said, pacing up and down in his office. "I'll show he," he said, and stalked into his bedroom, with me on his heels.

He pulled out the wooden cane from his draw and some bindings.

I asked him what he was going to do, and he told me he was going to punish her, then fuck her. His anger was only tempered by his lust.

It felt like I had let him down. I had to put this right.

I begged him not to, and to give me one last chance.

It took a lot of convincing, but he finally relented. He told me I had to do it now. As he handed over the cane and bindings, he told me that he would be watching.

Before I left, I tied my hair up into a bun, I thought that it would give me an air of authority.

*********

It was late. The night air was really cold now, and I could see my breath infront of me as I made my way to her room. I was very unsure about myself. I had played these games with Orton before, but this time it would be for real.

I had the word though, the one that would render her helpless. I didn't want to use it though.

In my mind, I told myself it was for her own good. Orton might go too far with her. I would be firm but fair.

She was sitting on the edge of her bed when I entered.

"Did they tell you what I did?" She asked.

I nodded, as I stood in front of her.

"I could have got to that ship." She muttered.

"I've been asked to punish you." I said, as I rolled the cane between my fingers.

She looked me up and down and laughed. Then she leaned forward and spoke in a low voice.

"If that pig wants to punish me, he should come down here himself."

I felt myself going red, I didn't like how she called him that.

"Say, your word," she said, dismissively. "Lets get it over and done with."

I took a deep breath. Was I really going to go through with this.

"Bend over the side of the bed." I said, summoning as much authority in my voice as I could muster.

Again, she laughed. "Is this what he tells you to do?"

As I spoke again she interrupted me. "If he was a man he would be doing this himself."

"He is very busy." I said, quickly.

She was off the bed now, moving closer to me. I backed away slowly, keeping my distance. I didn't want to say the word, but I felt my cheeks blushing. She was really getting under my skin.

"If he wants to screw me, he should just get it over with." Suddenly she snatched the cane out of my hand. There was another laugh. "Ooops."

The cane waved mockingly in front of me. "Bend over bitch, is that what the pig says to you?."

I felt numb, all I could do was back away. My mouth was dry and my heart was racing. She had such a smug look on her face. All I was trying to do was help her.

The backs of my legs were stopped at the couch. I couldn't go any further.

"I bet you dream of the cane, when you are on your knees for that pig."

I couldn't take it any longer. I slapped her face with the back of my hand. It was loud and firm.

Her expression was fierce and unforgiving. She dropped the cane, and threw a wild punch at me.

Instinctively I dodged it. Another one came immediately after. This time, I dodged it, and caught her wrist. There was a look of sheer surprise on her face as I twisted her hand back. It made her audibly wince.

As she shifted her body to get out of my hold, I put my foot on the back of her knee, making her fall to the ground face forward. 

I was as just as surprised at my actions as she was. 

She struggled as I pinned her face down on the carpet. There wasn't time to think about how I had done it. I was still angry with her. The humiliation of her words. The things she said raced through my mind. How dare she. 

With my free hand I roughly pulled her trousers down, exposing her bare ass. Then I grabbed the cane. 

I heard a desperate protest from her, before I brought the cane down, striking her flesh. Her body bucked under my weight, but I held her firmly. Again and again I struck. My anger and frustration taking over.

The cane swished wickedly through the air, as I served her my punishment.

Her body stopped fighting me, and she just accepted it. I don't know how many times I hit her, but her ass looked red.

Finally, I dropped the cane, I was panting. Juno was un-moving and silent.

As I eased up off her, she started to move slowly. I didn't want to see her face. I felt ashamed. 

"Sunfire." I said, causing her to go limp.

That didn't make me feel any better, but it was the only way I wanted to end this.

I straightened her clothes out, and picked up the cane. 

As I left her room, I felt a coldness run through my veins.

**********

Orton was waiting for me when I got back to his room. He didn't say a word, he just dragged me to bed, and fucked me.

He was rough and hard. I knew he had been watching, and I knew he was imagining that he was fucking Juno.

Afterwards, he told me how much he had enjoyed it.

"Tomorrow I want you to do it again," he said, as I rested my head on his chest.

"This time, you fuck her once you have finished with the cane." I didn't relish the thought, at all.

All I could do was to agree. It was the first time he had ever asked me to do something I wasn't comfortable with.
