 I jumped as my name came bellowing from his office. What could he possibly want with me? Nothing but fantasies for months and now, the infamous Captain Jack, harbor master at the most popular resort on the Gulf Coast, was yelling for me to get my sweet ass into his office.

Stepping into the boat warehouse, I took a moment to let my eyes adjust from the bright summer sunlight. There he was, in his office, going through an intimidating pile of mail. I guess he spent most of his time there, when he was not on his boat. Looking up, he caught me staring at him. He tilted his head for a moment as he looked at me, almost in a questioning manner. I wonder what he was thinking. He beckoned me forward with one finger, looking impatient. Had I done something wrong? Was I in trouble? I could not imagine what he wanted with me.

Standing up as I came through the door into the office, he immediately seemed to fill the room with his presence. He walked over to me and reached behind me, closing, and locking the door. Not saying a word, he walked to each of the office windows and pulled the blinds down, making the room seem very private as it fell into darkness. I had an idea of what he was thinking as he turned to me and I could not help but to step backwards fumbling for the doorknob. I had dreamed of this man for months; however, he looked so hungry when he looked at me, I was not sure I wanted to be in the room now.

My fingers barely grazed the doorknob before they were planted above my head on the wall beside the door. His massive 6'2 body dwarfed my 5'6 frame as he kept my hands captured with one of his hands and he gently tipped my chin up with his other hand. Eyes as blue as the summer sky in June looked into mine. Leaning down, he moved his nose right next to my neck and seemed to inhale my very essence. I could feel my nipples puckering in reaction. I pulled at my hands as if I wanted to run; however, I would have died a little if he had let me go. Looking up, I longed to run my fingers through his brandy colored hair. Contrary to current fashion, he kept it tied in a ponytail. A gold ring glinted in his left earlobe. He was so wildly beautiful!

Looking at his lips again, I shivered as he slowly lowered his head until his lips were but a breath from mine. Whispering to me, he said in a rough voice "This is your only chance to say no. Say it now or I won't be able to stop." I could think of nothing at that moment except for the last breath separating his lips from mine. If he did not lower his head, I would...I could not wait, I leaned forward, sealing my fate with a kiss. His body kept me pressed to the wall so that I could not move, I could only wait for his next move. He whispered, "You can't stop me, now. You are mine." He kissed me again, but it was not a gentle kiss. It was a kiss of possession, branding me as his. He thrust his hot tongue into my mouth conquering in a way that I knew he would conquer the rest of me. My passion was as great as my terror. I could lose myself in this man. There would be no holding back with him. He would settle for nothing less than everything. Breathing in his scent was intoxicating--a spicy smell like cinnamon and then something that was uniquely him. It seemed to wrap around me like the sea air. I felt trapped as never before.

Maybe he sensed some of my fear or he played a game of seduction; but he gentled his kisses and released my hands. His hands moved down, cupping my ass cheeks, through my shorts and then trailing his fingers through my long curly blonde hair.

His lips found my nipples, which had begun to tighten to twin nubs. Sucking them through my white t-shirt, he pushed it up and began to lick them and suck them. Each time I tried to touch him, he pushed my hands away. My pussy began to throb as he bit each nipple then blew on it so that it puckered to a hard point. He pushed one of his knees between my thighs so that I could grind my pussy against it. There was nothing but Jack as he lifted his lips to mine, thrusting his tongue between my teeth as he grasped my face, kissing me, surrounding me with everything that was him, his scent, his touch, his taste...

Suddenly, almost before I knew what was happening he had spun both of us around and walked me back so that I was leaning against the conference table. A wicked grin curved the corners of his mouth as he crowded me onto the table. I could feel my heartbeat speed up as he grasped my thighs, pulling them apart so he could step between them. I believe he distracted me with a slow searing kiss. As he pulled back, he ripped my shorts off roughly. I gasped, trying to crabwalk across the table. He wasn't about to let me go. He simply grabbed my ankles and pulled me back to him. Holding on to my ankle, he slid my shorts and panties the rest of the way off. Then, before I even felt the metal on my ankle, he had snapped the handcuff closed on the table leg; locking my ankle in place. He reached over quickly, grabbing the other ankle and doing the same, with my legs spread wide apart. I sat up and opened my mouth to tell him this was too much; however, he was leaning over me and taking my mouth in a series of kisses. I could not breathe. His hands were tweaking my nipples and then one slide down to my pussy and began to play with my clit. I felt like I was going to come apart. He gently pinched my clit and I came apart in and amazing orgasm, my body bucking against him. His mouth covered my moans. As I came down, I felt the metal click of handcuffs where he had restrained my hands above my head. I was completely at his mercy.

Leaning over me, he licked my cheek. "Remember, you had a chance to say no, now you are mine, forever." He slowly moved back until he was standing before me and began to undress. He took off his shirt and revealed a magnificent chest. He then let his hair loose so that it flowed around his shoulders. Oh, god was he beautiful. As he began to unzip his pants, he looked at me and began to talk in his sexy voice. "Darlin', there's something I have to tell you. You see, I am not quite human. I am what you would call an alien. I live a few thousand light years from here and we, my people, have been coming here for many hundreds of years when it is time to find a mate. Guess what, darling. I found you. When I take you, you will belong to heart, soul, and me. You will come home with me." As he had been talking, he dropped his pants to the floor. If he had not handcuffed me, I would have been running for the door. He had a double penis. His front penis was huge, probably twelve inches in length and maybe two inches wide and the back penis was maybe eight inches in length and an inch in width. Oh my god, it wouldn't fit! It was going to hurt...

My eyes must have been huge, because he walked forward and just leaned down and kissed me. "Shh, it's okay. They only offer you pleasure. I promise that you will feel nothing but pleasure. I will always require your submission, but never your pain." With that, he began to kiss me and then nibble his way down to my nipples. He gave each one special attention, alternately biting it and blowing on it. Finally, he moved down and began touching my pussy and licking it. He played with my clit, but never directly licked it. He kept me on the edge of orgasm for hours, it seemed, and then he slowly began to play with my other more private place. I was frightened and tried to back away, but he would not let me. He began sucking on my clit as he worked a finger into my anus, finally breaking through the tight muscles. As he began pumping one finger in and out, I orgasmed and it felt amazing. He kept working one finger and then two fingers into my back hole and added fingers into my pussy. I felt another orgasm coming as he added a third finger, I came unglued, screaming an orgasm that didn't seem to stop. 

He rode me through it and kept massaging me. I whimpered because I didn't think I could do this again. Slowly, he pulled his hands free and rubbed my juices on himself. Moving up, he kissed me. I tasted myself on him and it was right. Looking into his eyes, I saw that they glowed a solid blue and there were fangs in his mouth. I could not stop, though, because as he looked at me, I was lost. I was lost in his mind. I felt him enter my mind as I felt his cocks began to enter my body. I heard the handcuffs drop to the floor as a distant sound and he pulled my legs over his shoulders, but his eyes never left mine. His mind pushed through each barrier I put in place. As his cocks began pushing into me, I felt the most immense pleasure/pain of my life. 

My body stretched to overflowing, but it accepted every bit of him. My mind did, too. For as he pushed through each barrier, he guided me back to his mind and shared openly. It was but a moment, but we knew each other, then there was nothing but heart stopping mind-blowing savage pounding sex. I burned with the dark savagery of it and when I came, I felt the world stop then I felt his fangs pierce my neck and we were one.