 All characters in this story are older than 18. Please be kind and feel free to send some suggestions my way, just be respectful. This story is just a fun play on one of my favorite characters. I've enjoyed writing it to this point, if you'd like the continuation please let me know :) 

*****

"Aye Mr. Smee, she's a real beauty. Look at the way her hair cascades down and frames her pretty little face. It's such a woodsy light brown like the deck of The Jolly Roger, such perfection. And she's been given the gift of curves; in all the right places. Mmmm...now go Smee. Leave me to enjoy my favorite toy."

~

My eyes open and all I can see is darkness. Where am I? My breathing quickens as I realized there is a pressure on my wrists, something holding them together and up. Who restrained me? And wait a minute...am I naked?!?

I can feel the cold air hitting my stomach, giving me goose bumps all over. I can thankfully feel the support and protection of my bra and panties, but where did the rest of my clothes go? How did I end up in this situation? The last thing I remember is, getting ready for bed...shit.

I begin to yank softly on my restraints; attempting to test their durability. A soft whimper escapes my lips as the pain shoots through my wrist, it must be very coarse rope. Am I dreaming? I've had naughty dreams about being tied up before, but I've never had the nerve to actually try it. This can't be a dream...

I start to panic wondering where I am, and how I got myself in this situation. I try to listen for some clue as to where I am, but all I can hear is my ragged breathing and my heart trying to beat out of my chest. I have to calm down! I take a long deep breath and concentrate hard to listen closely, but all I can hear is this soft eerie creaking noise. And then a door opens.

I'm not alone anymore, I try to play it off that I'm still out cold, but I was never good at fake sleeping. My labored breathing is a dead giveaway. And then the bed shifts, and I can't help but flinch...oh god, that didn't help my act.

"Well hello there Allison, comfy, cozy?" The voice came from the right of me; it was deep and menacing, yet oddly calming and familiar. Had I heard it before?

I bit my lower lip as I concentrated on the voice, why it had sounded so familiar, trying to unmask my captor. I must've been silent too long as I felt something soft touch the bottom of my lower lip, I squealed and jerked my head back. The he spoke again.

"Oh come now Allison, don't tell me you've forgotten me already? Hmmm...well perhaps I can jog your memory."

I could just hear the smile he was wearing as he said that, and it terrified me. My stomach was in knots and I felt like I would just barf. What am I going to do?

There were a few moments of silence before I felt the cold metal drag along my stomach. A shriek escaped my lips as I attempted to avoid the cold. The metal dragged up and down my stomach, it was so smooth. I was terrified but could feel my body beginning to grow curious, until I felt the sharp tip dip into my belly button.

A gloved hand gently touches my wrist. "Oh Allison, you were tugging on your restraints...I thought you know better than that." The hand wrapped around my wrist and massaged it softly then started to drift lower. My body stiffened not really knowing what to do, and then his hand reached my shoulder. He began playing with the strap of my bra a little before letting it slide off my shoulder. And shivers went up my spine.

It was then that I knew I needed to assess my situation, and in order to do that I needed to know who I was with. I worked up my courage and stuttered my question out softly. "W...w...who are y...you?" A loud laugh responded to my question as the cold metal went between my breast, almost hooking under my bra and pulling on it. I felt my body rise with the force he was pulling, causing the restraints to pull my limbs back down.

"Think Allison. Focus. Because I'd hate to have to start punishing you for not addressing me correctly." He pulled me higher up; I clenched my teeth feeling the rope rub my wrist and ankles harder. I tried hard to not scream, to not let him know it hurt. I failed.

"Aaaah...please it hurts. Please I don't know who you are." I squealed. 

All of the sudden my body dropped down as a loud ripping noise echoed through the room. I felt my breasts bounce as they came smacking down with my body, and just like that the support was gone. My breasts were out; I could feel the chill against my nipples causing them to grow painfully hard.

I began squirming, trying to find some way to get my arms up to cover myself. I twisted and turned and with each movement my wrist called out in pain as the rope rubbed. I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes, and suddenly I was thankful for the blindfold. I wouldn't give him the satisfaction of seeing me break.

"Having fun yet dearie? ...As much fun as it is to watch your body squirm, I'd rather be watching it do something else. Shall we begin with my favorite game?"

I felt the coolness around my nipple, as the metal touched it. "I do love the way your nipples are so hard Allison, I know you like this? Mmmm..." his tone mocked me as I responded with a grunt. 

I knew I wouldn't be able to withstand all this nipple play; my nipples were always so sensitive. Always incredibly responsive, and once you got me there...you had me anywhere. I could feel the confusion as my body tried to arch closer to the stimulation, before I'd pull it down quickly. I was beginning to give in. I had to stop.

"STOP IT NOW!" I could feel the weakness in my voice, but maybe he hadn't. "Let me go you sick pervert!" And then SMACK!

I heard it before I'd felt it, but the moment I did, it was excruciating. My inner thigh was on fire. I could feel the heat radiating throughout my entire leg, as the tears began pouring down my cheeks. My body tensed up in anticipation for another smack, but it didn't come.

I felt the gloved hand stroke softly along my burning skin. Caressing and tending to it like one would an injury. He massaged my thigh so softly, but the slightest touch made me flinch. It hurt so badly.

"I hate having to punish you Allison, but I'll not have you calling me pervert. You will address me properly. Do you remember who I am yet, my pretty little pet?" His hand slid along my leg and down under to touch my butt softly, poking a small sore spot. 

I jumped and then it hit me. I'd woken up not long ago completely passed out in a hospital with no memory of what had happened. I'd gone out with some friends, and some time throughout that night I'd lost them. Apparently I'd been missing for days before I turned up passed out in a car, and the only clue as to where I'd been was an unfamiliar tattoo on my left butt cheek.

It was a simple tattoo, only one word, "Captain's". I'd wondered for days who Captain could be, but could never place it. 

I was frozen in place as I whispered the word softly. "Captain's?" Waiting for a response praying that had nothing to do with this. Because if so, I'd been here before and I had no doubt I'd know who Captain was.

"Oh that's my pretty girl. Good girl Allison." His hand massaged and rubbed my butt so gently, petting it like you would an animal. He continued to praise me for finally addressing him properly, as an arm wrapped around my neck pulling me close to his warm chest. "And here I thought you'd forgotten your Captain."

The blindfold was slowly removed from my face, and I squirmed with new light shining brightly. I closed my eyes tight trying to give them time to adjust, as my captor slowly became less fuzzy. The sight was breath taking. 

A strong man stood before me in a red coat. Pale blue eyes stared down at me as his face grew clearer and clearer. His black mustache curled slightly at each end, matching his long flowing black curls that hung at his shoulders. His face was strict with underlying tones of worry as his right brow raised slightly. I was mesmerized by his face it was so familiar.

It was when I looked down at his body that I finally understood. His red jacket was open, showing his muscled chest, he was perfect. Nice body but not too big. But hanging down at his left side was the glistening shape of a hook. My eyes grew wide as my mouth dropped.

He was hook; my favorite storybook character when I was a child, and my favorite villain since forever. Captain Hook. My Captain was Captain Hook. I gasped softly as I felt the excitement and fear build within my body. This was real. 

He cleared his throat and began to speak. At first it seemed timid and then it grew stronger, more demanding. "I see you've noticed me hook...I'm afraid I can do anything about it. This is how I am, and it really doesn't matter if you don't like it. I am your Captain, and you love your Captain; don't you pet?"

My mouth was so dry. I didn't know how to respond to this knowledge. My secret childhood fictional crush was real, and what's better is I was tied up in his chamber. I gathered my courage, and looked up at him sweetly as my lips curled up into a saucy smile. "Yes Captain."