 Prelude: This story found its beginning in "The Pirate Raiders of Eros".

*

It was hard for Kayla to think. The heavy wooden doors reverberated from the deep pounding of the drums. A roar ascended from the raucous crowd for some unknown reason. The tiny holding pen where they waited was not well ventilated; the humid air was heavy with a mix of perfume and fear. A trickle of sweat found a path down Kayla's collarbone and between her melon-sized breasts. She wanted to get up and walk around, but there was little free space and besides, the iron chains made moving all but impossible.

Kayla had no idea what was planned for them in the arena. The fact that they were scantily dressed was not a good omen. Just a few hours earlier, the king's eunuchs had bathed her and massaged her skin with fragrant oils. The eunuchs then dressed her and her companions in exquisite and suggestive clothing. The hemline of Kayla's tunic rode high on her thighs. She was a tall and long legged girl, and the tight fitting tunic was definitely a cock teaser. Fortunately, a pair of silk thong panties gave her at least a small measure of modesty. 

Kayla watched the gladiator as he went around the room, removing the manacles from the wrists of the captive girls. Bare-chested and pony tailed, his hard body looked as if it had been carved from stone. A jagged scar marked his left shoulder. Although clearly a warrior, he was gentle with his hands, carefully removing the restraints. 

"What will happen to us?" stammered Alisha, a slender blonde sitting across from Kayla. Her wrists were still bound tightly together. The gladiator turned and looked at her. 

"You will face the orcs," he replied, "If you defeat them, king Orak has promised your freedom."

"Orcs? What creatures are these?" replied Alisha, her eyes wide. 

"I have heard of them." said Kayla, "They are foul creatures from the mines. Many are freaks, deformed by the strange glowing rocks which surround the gems they have digging. King Orak purchased them from the wizard who owns the mines. Some of our sisters from Eros were used for barter." 

"What? We must go to them!"

"Yes, even Arwen and Daphne were taken by the wizard." exclaimed Kira, a long haired brunette sitting next to Alisha. 

"How can we defeat these monsters? What will they do to us?"

Kayla turned to the gladiator. They needed his help but what could she offer him in return? 

"Gladiator, what is your name? How came you to be here?" she asked.

"I am Jarn from the Adari people. My village was raided by king Orak and those who were not killed were taken prisoner. I was made to serve as a gladiator."

Kayla responded, "And I am Kayla. My sisters and I are from Eros. Pirates came to our coast. They captured a patrol of young girls training to be warriors. And then they defiled the sacred temple of our goddess and took the acolytes as hostages. Our princess escaped but we were taken defending her. We were brought here after a long journey by sea and sold to king Orak."

Kayla paused.

"And you, Jarn, are you a free man?"

"I will be. I will fight whatever man or creature Orak puts in front of me and some day I will have my vengeance on those who attacked my village."

"And so will I." thought Kayla. She remembered the pirate who coated her face with milky white cum while she knelt bound before him. She would never forget the utter humiliation and even more the frustration from the betrayal of her own loins. How the spurting cock made her sex ache with lust. Yes, there would come a day when she own that cock.

"You have fought in the arena. How can we kill these orcs and win our freedom?"

He looked at her but was silent.

"Tell me, Jarn, do you have a woman?"

Kayla lowered her gaze past the rippled abs of the gladiator's flat stomach to his bulging loincloth. She opened her mouth slightly and ran her tongue over her lips. 

The gladiator shifted uncomfortably. He had never seen a woman so beautiful as Kayla. Luscious chestnut hair fell to her shoulders and was complemented by her emerald eyes. Cantaloupe sized breasts defied gravity and sought escape from the insufficient tunic. It was a wonder how that tall body with such a thin waist supported those ripe breasts. Jarn swallowed as she parted her thighs, allowing a glance of white silk panties promising a treasure underneath. Gods, Orak had not permitted him to be with a woman. It had been so long.

The gladiator handed a sword to Kayla. 

"Yes, I know of these orcs. They are powerful from many years of working in the the mines. Most of them are dim-witted brutes, but a few are smart and become the leaders. They can track anything, no matter how poor the trail. The orcs are also very possessive and will turn on their own." 

Kayla listened intently. The beginnings of a plan started to form. They would win their freedom in the arena and then go to the land of the wizard to retrieve their sisters. 

The roar of the spectators grew. A feral scream pierced through the crowd noise. My god, what creature could be making that sound? 

The gladiator handed a shield to Alisha. "You will need this."

Belted at the waist by a gold cord, Alisha's white hip cloth hung down just above her knees. Silky brown thighs were exposed by slits on each side and it was evident that she wore nothing underneath. She was naked from the waist up with proud little breasts. A small sapphire stud adorned her navel. Feeling self-conscious, she lifted the shield to conceal her pink tipped mounds from Jarn's view.

Trumpets sounded. 

"It is time. May your gods protect you." 

The gladiator released the deadbolt and opened the heavy wooden doors, filling the room with blinding sunlight. The crowd cheered lustily as the girls were ushered into the arena.

Kayla squinted as her eyes became adjusted to the brightness. The stadium seats were filled with throngs of drunken spectators. Vulgar jeers and lewd gestures greeted the girls as they stepped out onto the white sand. On Kayla's right was a decorated platform where king Orak sat, accompanied by various dignitaries and soldiers. Orak's bald head gleamed in the sun as he reclined naked in his seat. His enormous stomach gave testament to his excesses. A young slave girl kneeled in front of his fat body, her head furiously bobbing over his lap.

Kayla continued to survey her surroundings. A high circular wall enclosed the sand pit in which they stood. Protruding from the wall a few meters up from its base were beryl horns with polished, mushroom shaped heads. The horns were a deep green color and were spaced at intervals around the entire circumference of the arena. Bolted to the wall a few feet above each horn were a pair of shackles.

Directly across from where they entered was a second set of heavy wooden doors. Something on the other side was thudding against them. 

The two dozen or so girls clustered together, unsure of what would happen. They clutched spears, short swords, and shields that had been provided in the holding pen. A lucky few were adorned with short tunics or hip cloths and tops but most wore only silk panties. What made the spectacle even more visually stunning were the vivid colors of the skimpy panties. The spectators were treated to a vision of nubile young girls holding swords, naked except for crimson, teal, canary, and emerald bits of cloth covering succulent little pussies.

Galina, a short haired blonde, gripped her sword tightly. She was one of the fortunate ones to be given a short pleated skirt, white with gold trim. Kira, however, was almost entirely naked. She had long brunette hair and wore only delicate lavender colored panties. Her petite body was deeply tanned. Kira's lips shined with a glossy lipstick matching the color of her thong. King Orak had ordered his eunuchs to dress and primp the girls to accentuate their sexuality. Their vulnerability would drive the crowds crazy.

A distressed cry emanated from Orak's platform. One of the guards yanked up the startled slave girl from Orak's lap. Cum dripped from the corner of her mouth. She momentarily disappeared from sight but not for long as soon the struggling girl was dragged into the arena between two guards. She was completely naked. The bewildered girl looked at Kayla and then to Orak, unsure of what to expect.

Another long blast from a trumpet sounded. The crowd quieted as a tall, gangly man sitting next to Orak slowly rose to his feet. He wore a long purple robe trimmed with white borders and appeared to be some sort of advisor or counsel.

"Citizens of the kingdom! Our great king Orak welcomes you."

The gangly man paused and extended an arm towards the girls standing in the arena.

"Today, our most wonderful king has provided for you the beauties of Eros. Exotic pussy, from a remote land, brought here for your entertainment!"

The crowd cheered and stamped their feet. The spokesman continued.

"These wenches of Eros desire their freedom. What do you think? Shall it be granted them?"

More shouts from the crowd. Many held their arm outstretched, thumbs pointed down.

"King Orak is a merciful king is he not? This freedom our lovelies shall have, provided they accomplish one small task."

The spokesman paused again. 

"Provided they defeat the mine creatures of Tarokner!" 

The crowd roared its approval. Kayla could see money exchanging hands. She wondered what odds were being given her. 

"Prepare her!"

The slave girl shrieked as one of the guards roughly pinned her arms behind her back and grabbed a handful of hair, pulling her head back. Her back arched thrusting her hips forward. The other guard kneeled in front. Her moist pink slit was inches from his face.

"No!!"

The submissive position emphasized the slave girl's prominent mons. The kneeling guard began earnestly licking her, stabbing his tongue deep into the inner lips of her labia. She begged him to stop.

The pounding on the doors intensified. Kayla could hear grunting. She remembered what the gladiator said. The orcs could scent the fragrant pussy dew of the slave. The guards were intentionally driving the orcs into a lust-crazed frenzy. 

The doors shook. Kira knew they would not hold much longer. She tensed her body, wondering what horrors were coming. A thick glob of cum dangled from the slave girl's hair. Kira wanted to go the slave girl and remove it but dared not. The guard continued his tongue fucking as the slave girl moaned. 

With a large crash, the doors burst open and the orcs barged into the arena. The guards ravaging the slave girl quickly dropped her to the ground and ran for the opposite entrance. As they exited, they locked the doors behind them, eliminating the only escape route for the girls 

Kira gasped as the freakish, deformed creatures entered the arena. The lead orc had a caved in head, as if it had been smashed it in with a rock. A foul mucous seeped from the corner of its misshapen mouth and dribbled onto its heavily muscled body. The orc looked at the girls and gurgled.

Close behind the lead orc, another monstrosity staggered through the door. As soon as it stepped into the arena it vomited, perhaps as a reaction to the bright sunlight. Other orcs impatiently pushed from behind to get in, drawn by the intoxicating scent of the slave's pussy dew. Kira could not help but notice the huge cocks swinging below their muscled torsos.

One deformed orc had three cocks which emanated from a main root. A pair of testicles the size of peaches dangled underneath the cocks. The cocks were almost like independent entities, squirming and wriggling like thick worms. When the orc scented the naked slave sprawled on the ground, the three cocks immediately began to rise. Kira was shocked when one of the cocks emitted a shrill squeal, inciting the other two cocks to also squeal. As if overly excited, the smallest of the three cocks launched a stream of jism high into the air. It remained erect, however; the swollen testicles were full. 

The last two orcs to enter were mounted atop giant reptiles. They appeared to be the leaders as the others on foot made way for them. 

The slave girl lay on the ground between the orcs and the other girls. She looked up at Kira, her eyes pleading for help. 

"Get up! Run!"

Kira started towards her. Mucous mouth was faster, however, and grabbed the terrified slave girl by an ankle. He dragged her unceremoniously on the ground, her legs splayed open. A fierce look at the other orcs dared any to challenge his prize.

A distance of twenty meters was all that separated the orcs from the Eros nymphs. A few moments passed as the orcs contemplated their prey. The girls stayed clustered together, watching the orcs like a herd of springbok eyeing a pride of lions. An orc sitting atop a reptile barked an unintelligible order to the others. He stared at Kira, singling her out among the others. The orc pulled a net out from a saddle bag.

The rider kicked at his beast, urging it in a trot towards Kira. She stepped forward and launched her spear, striking the giant lizard in the neck. The enraged beast howled in pain as it bore down upon her. Kira nimbly jumped out of the way. The orc anticipated her move and expertly dropped his net over her. She lost her balance and fell to the ground engulfed by the net. The orc leaned down, grabbed her by the arm and yanked her up into the air. The crowd roared in approval. 

Kira flailed at the orc with her fists. It laughed and sat her in front of him with her back pressed against his chest. He relished her perfume as her hair brushed against his face. With one hand the orc pinned both of her wrists behind her back. Pulling her tightly against him, he reached forward and cupped a small, perky breast. Kira struggled to get free but his grip was firm.

The orc kicked the flanks of the lizard, urging it toward the arena wall. Slobbering spectators fought to get close to the edge. 

"Pussy!! Give us pussy! Fuck girl pussy!!" 

A drunken spectator leaned over the wall in an attempt to fondle Kira. The orc snarled and yanked the spectator off the wall. The lizard took advantage of the easy meal. 

The orc grinned. He continued to fondle Kira's little breast, tweaking a small brown nipple until it become hard. The lizard sauntered slowly along the base of the wall as Kira looked up in horror at the rabid crowd. 

The crowd started chanting.

"Fuck her! Fuck her! Fuck her!" 

Leaning over to one side, the orc grabbed Kira by an ankle and easily flipped her upside down, lifting her high in the air. He grabbed her other ankle and spread open her legs. Her lavender panties had been slightly torn by all the struggling revealing just a hint of vulnerable pussy lips. Kira was terrified. Would he kill her? 

The orc proudly showed his prize to the crowd. Kira whimpered as the orc now probed her pussy through the torn panties with his wet tongue. The outline of her thick vulva now clearly showed through the saliva soaked material. 

The lizard beast stopped. Kira dangled upside down, her long hair touching the saddle. Blood rushed to her head. Just inches from her face was an angry swollen cock. 

"Oh god, no!" 

After what seemed like an eternity of tongue fucking, the orc flipped Kira right-side up and pressed her against the arena wall, positioning her ravaged pussy above one of the beryl horns. The orc clasped Kira's hands into the shackles above the horn. A little "Eeeek!" was all Kira could muster as the last remaining shred of her lavender panties was ripped away and fluttered to the ground. Her moist cunt was now totally exposed. The orc released her, letting her hang. The horn's head pressed against the velvet lips between her legs.

"Unnnhhhhhhh," Kira moaned.

Her pussy resisted at first, but the mushroom head could not be denied. It slowly pushed past her distended lips and disappeared into her sex. The orc rider left her hanging on the wall, the beryl horn impaled deep inside her cunt. 

Kayla had her hands full. She had tried to keep her companions together from the start when the orcs charged. Fighting in a battle formation would have given much better odds for success. However, many of the girls had panicked and run, chased like prey by the lust crazed orcs. A few stood their ground with their swords and shields. A melee quickly ensued.

A pair of large orcs slowly circled Kayla. The air hummed with a whooshing sound as one of the orcs swung a heavy spiked ball, tethered by chain to an iron post, overhead. Insidious yellow eyes glared from behind the face plate of a thick metal helmet. A human skull mounted on a post adorned the helmet's peak. The orc was otherwise naked, its cock semi-erect. Kayla could tell, however, that its intentions were to kill, not to mate. Across from the mace wielder stood another orc, also stalking her. This one carried a net and a trident. The three combatants formed an odd dance, each waiting for a move by the other.

Kayla spun out of the way just before the spiked ball slammed into the ground where she had been standing. She looked sideways barely in time to see the other orc lunge at her with the three pronged trident. Her jump was not quite fast enough, as the trident grazed her left side and caught her tunic with one of the barbed points. The orc yanked back, ripping open the material and pulling Kayla to the ground.

Kayla quickly rolled to barely avoid another crushing swing from the mace. A huge divot marked the ground where the spiked ball struck close to her head. Grabbing the chain with her left hand, she was pulled high in the air as the orc re-cocked its arm. The orc gave her an incredulous look as the momentum of the pulled chain lifted her over its head. A quick downward thrust of her sword deep into its neck severed a vital artery. The orc dropped to the ground, Kayla falling next to him.

Kayla hit hard on her back, momentarily stunning her. Blood trickled from the corner of her mouth. Her vision blurred, she could see an Eros nymph staring at her. The nymph was bent over from the waist, her mouth in the shape of the letter 'o'. Standing behind her and grasping her hips was a large orc, stabbing its cock deep into the nymph's helpless pussy.

All around her was absolute mayhem. The Eros nymphs were no match for orcs. Some were being carried to the arena wall, to be mounted on the beryl horns. Two naked nymphs knelt in front of the multi-cocked orc, sword at their throats. They gagged on swollen cocks. The third cock squealed loudly for attention. 

"I've got to get up," Kayla groggily thought. "Must move."

A net draped over her. 

Kayla felt herself being dragged on the sand. She struggled vainly to free herself but was hopelessly entangled. An orc stood over her, straddling her. She gasped as it raised a trident high in the air. The sun glinted off the sharp barbs.

The trident slammed down, pinning her neck to the ground between two of its prongs. The orc squatted between her legs and spread them wide. The ripped tunic exposed her white silk panties.

"Oh god, not this way!"

The orc placed a fingertip under the waistband of her panties and started to slowly pull them down. 

"No, please!"

Drool seeped now from the orc's mouth. Its eyes focused on the delicate lips of Kayla's sex, now partially uncovered. 

Kayla closed her eyes. She could feel the orc's tongue tentatively taste her pussy. A splat of something wet landed on her shoulder. 

"What in Athena's name?"

Kayla opened her eyes and looked up. The orc's head was cleaved open, brains oozing out of the cavity. Standing behind it and gripping an axe was Jarn. He set his weapon down and knelt by Kayla. She moaned softly as he lifted the net from her.

"Are you okay?"

Kayla nodded weakly. 

"I'll be back for you. Stay here and lie still."
