 Captain Tristan Maelwroth of the Imperial Army was impatient. 

Undercover missions were his least favourite. He preferred to be in the midst of a battle, where the action was. Instead, under orders of his superiors, he was sitting in a dank musty tavern, on the lookout for an elfin ringleader who was said to frequent this place.

He doubted she was going to show, he had her description and had thus far seen no stunningly beautiful elfin girls with long lavender hair. He himself was looking non-descript in his black shirt and leather pants. 

He watched as the guardsmen he was on duty with refilled their mugs with more ale.

"Might want to hold off on that," He suggested gruffly, "Just in case the elf lass does show."

Ruggs snorted derisively "Not much chance of that, besides she's only one girl, we can handle her."

Hart chimed in, "I'd sure like to handle her, if she's as gorgeous as they say she's meant to be." The pair laughed loudly. Tristan rolled his eyes discreetly and went back to gazing around the tavern in boredom.

He raised his mug to his lips as his eyes drifted to where the beaded doorway was being brushed aside with a tinkle as a new patron entered the Tavern. He coughed on his ale as he stared at her.

She was a sight to behold. Her hair was a riot of lavender curls, spilling over her gracefully curved shoulders and down the back of her white cotton dress. She carried a basket holding bouquets of wildflowers, a rainbow of colours against the starkness of her dress. She glanced around as her eyes adjusted to the sudden dimness inside and she smiled at a few of the elf men who let out familiar whistles as she made her way to the bar.

"Quieten down puppies," She rebuked them in a soft voice that sounded like sunshine. She was standing at the bar right next to Tristan. She set her basket down on the bar with a sigh and rolled her shoulders. Her eyes flicked a curious glance to Tristan, his blue gaze meeting her emerald eyes. She blushed as he caught her looking at him and she looked down at the ground quickly.

Ruggs and Hart were quiet now, waiting for Tristans move. He signalled to them by taking a drink and scratching his head, meaning that they were to wait and let him handle it. He would let them know if he needed backup. His commanders had stressed this was to be a covert mission, no alarming civilians.

The barman moved to greet the elfin girl with an easy familiarity.

"Melitha my dear! How are you luv?" Strange, the report said the lead archers name was Talinka... perhaps this was her code name... no matter.

"Oh Horance, hello. I'm tired, It's far too hot today... The flowers are getting wilted." She said with a pretty little pout to her pink lips, making Tristan take another gulp of ale. He wasn't sure why she was pretending to be a flower wench, but that's what his job was, to find out... and he intended to find out everything.

The barman and Talinka made small talk for awhile, she enquired about his family and he pestered her with questions about if she was getting married yet. Tristan noticed that when she answered that she was still single, a lot of the elf men in the bar seemed to become rather quiet and attentive to the conversation. 

He couldn't say he blamed them. She was quite the attractive little traitor. 

The barman served her a drink and while no one was looking Tristan slipped a drug he had concealed in his sleeve into the drink. It dissolved instantly, leaving no trace.

She sipped her drink slowly, obviously enjoying the ice cold liquid on this hot day.

"Hot day isn't it," Tristan said to her, giving her what he hoped was a friendly smile.

She looked at him considering for a moment, then she smiled warmly at him and nodded.

Tristan had been expecting some kind of answer and was a little taken aback. The barman gave him a knowing smile that made him feel rather annoyed. He tried again.

"Those are lovely flowers you have there, what kind are they?" Her face lit up.

"Oh thankyou Sir!" She moved her basket so it was closer to him so he could see her flowers better. "Well all of these are wildflowers I gather near my cottage, which is..." She trailed off, obviously having second thoughts about telling a human male who was a complete stranger where she lived. "Near my cottage. Different flowers grow in different seasons, these pink ones see, they are ribbon laces and only grow in summer." She paused and glanced up at him for a moment trying to read his expression. 

"Umm... If you are after some flowers for your lady, these pink ones are most popular, they represent devotion and romance."

Tristan felt his face heating up a bit. "Er, no, thankyou." She looked away and they returned to silence.

He needed to get her alone in private before she collapsed. She had finished her drink and was fiddling with her basket, preparing to leave.

"May I help you carry your basket?" He offered her desperately. She looked surprised.

"Well... It's not very far I should be fine, thankyou." She said, but sounded genuinely grateful for the offer.

"No really," He said, getting to his feet, "You've been carrying this heavy thing around all day in the hot sun, please allow me to help you. I wouldn't feel right letting you go off when you look so tired."

She pursed her lips for a moment, "Well... alright then, thankyou very much Sir. I do feel quite tired to be honest."

As they left he signaled the guardsmen to follow at a distance. Elf males by the door were glaring at him as they exited.

She led him down a path that went through a quiet alleyway. As soon as they were out of sight Tristan put down her basket and grabbed her arms. 

"Wha-?" She started to exclaim but he put his hand over her mouth roughly and shoved her against the stone wall. "I don't have time for games, Talinka, I know who you really are. You will tell me everything you know." 

She looked up at him in utter confusion and fear. What an actress he thought to himself and felt angry at her. "Stop the act!" He hissed loudly.

"What act? I'm not Talinka, I don't underst-" She was protesting until the drug caught up with her and she passed out, collapsing into Tristans arms. 

The Guardsmen caught up with him and helped him carry her into the building. The heat had driven everyone inside so there were few passers by to worry about.

He carried her down to the dungeon and sat her unconscious form onto the uncomfortable wooden chair in the interrogation cell. He spared no chance and set about binding her to the chair so she could not move. From all accounts this delicate looking bloom was really a dangerous killer and he wasn't about to be fooled by her gentle appearance. 

He used rope to tie her legs to each chair leg, winding it around firmly. He tied another length around her waist and then above her breasts winding around the back of the chair. Her wrists he bound together behind her back so she was completely helpless. Then he got a bucket of water and splashed it over her face, drenching her lovely curls and eliciting a gasp from her as she woke up.

She glanced around wildly, assessing the situation.

"What's going on? Who are you? Please, release me, I haven't done anything wrong!" She cried out to him, a beseeching look in her green eyes. Behind his shoulder Ruggs let out an unpleasant laugh. Tristan turned and silenced him with a look. He turned back to the captive and looked her in the eye for a moment. She looked back at him seemingly uncomprehending. He sighed.

"Well we can do this the hard way or we can do this the easy way darling. Please don't waste your time lying. As I'm sure you are aware, I am the Captain here, at the moment my job is interrogating traitors to the imperial throne. And I must tell you," He added with a wolfish grin, "I'm very good at my job." 

He crouched down so he was eye level with her. "So why don't you be a good girl, and tell me what you were planning on doing with those archers you've been training every sixthday in the western woods." He murmured into her ear. 

"Archers? I'm sorry but i don't have any idea what you are talking about." Tears were running unchecked down her cheeks, but she wasn't sobbing or making any annoying noise women usually did. Good.

"Yes you do, Talinka, Don't lie to me now.... you've been very naughty haven't you? Hmm?" He paused. 

She shook her head, "I'm not Talinka, my name is Melitha, you've made some mistake."

Tristan laughed at her cheek. "Okay so I guess you want to do this the hard way, blossom? It seems the naughty girl wants to be punished." He turned around as he hear Hart moving.

Hart extended an arm to him, holding out a lethal looking whip, studded with metal spikes. Ruggs was grinning evilly. Tristan heard the prisoner whimper in fear. "No, please, goddess Flora, merciful Goddess, no, please no."

He ignored her. "What's this?" He asked Hart.

"It's a whip, Captain" Ruggs answered cheerfully. Tristan looked at him severely.

"Yes I know what it is you wanker, But why is it here?" Ruggs smile fell.

Hart piped up, "But.. to torture her, make her confess, see?" Tristan sighed.

"There are far better ways of torturing a woman. Besides anyone will confess to anything given enough pain."

"So what's the problem?"Ruggs said churlishly "So long as she confesses, and we can have ourselves a little fun at the same time," He finished, making a crude gesture to his groin. The prisoners praying grew more fervent.

Tristan whipped his head around and glared at her. "Shut. Up." He commanded her, and she was so surprised she fell silent. He turned back to the two guardsmen.

"Well I think I'd prefer to do the interrogation process in private, I find it is more effective that way."

"But-" 

"So thank you men for your help but you can go back to your other duties." 

"But-" 

"NOW."

They left the dungeon, closing the door behind them leaving Tristan and the captive alone. 

He turned back to her and gave her a lazy smile. "So... where were we?" She looked at him in fear. "Oh yes."

He stepped closer to her, taking hold of the front of her cotton dress. "The punishment." 

He ripped her dress open, tearing it down the front easily it was so worn from use. She was trembling all over. He removed the final pieces of fabric from the chair. She wasn't wearing a corset and her underpants were skimpy. 

He stood back and admired her, she had a gorgeous body, curves in all the right places. Her skin was a creamy ivory, her breasts were firm with hard pink nipples. She was blushing and staring hard at the stone floor.

He reached out a hand and lifted her chin to make her meet his gaze, which she did unwillingly.

"Oh no, sweet girl, don't look away." He smiled cruelly, "I want to see it in your eyes when you tell me what I need to know. I want to see the tears." He caressed her cheek with his thumb. "So now we are alone, why don't you tell me about the archers?" 

She took a deep breath, "I've already told you I have no idea what you are talking about." She spoke slowly and carefully, as if by willing it she could make him believe her words. "Please let me go. Please have mercy."

"Mercy? I think not, not until you tell the truth." He traced a hand down her neck. "Just tell me the truth and I'll stop." His hand continued down to her breast. He paused. 

"I am telling the truth." She whispered. He bent his head to her left nipple and began to suck at it, licking tenderly and swirling it around in his mouth. 

She gasped, "No! Please don't!" and he reached up to play with her other nipple gently twisting it to that point just before pleasure becomes pain. 

"Give in, Talika" He whispered, teeth against her nipples. "Give in before I hurt you." He was rewarded with a whimper of protest. "Please, I've done nothing wrong," she said softly.

"Yes you have, and now you are being punished." 

He gripped her nipple in between his teeth and began to bite down, slowly, ever so slowly. She was crying out already, he felt his teeth sink in tighter, holding her nipple like a vice. His fingers pinched the other nipple, slowly, twisting and pulling at it, squeezing it tightly. He stayed like that, seeing how much pain she could take. She was moaning now, in between the whimpers. But she still wasn't saying anything. He bit down harder, she cried out but said nothing. 

Frustrated he released her nipples and moved his head up to look at her face. With the sudden release of blood back to her nipples he knew that caused more pain that he had done and saw it reflected on her face, in her deep green eyes.

"Well, well.... You are a tough one..." Secretly he was impressed by her strength of resolve. And he was enjoying this far more than was healthy, but hell- she was a stunningly gorgeous woman, and there had to be some perks to a job where he had to put up with guys like Ruggs and Hart all day. She suddenly stared into his eyes, her gaze full of helplessness and begging. He felt a ridiculous urge to comfort her. Damn her.

He kissed her neck, softly, feeling her skin heat up at his touch. tracing his way down her stomach with his finger he started to caress her through her underwear. With his other hand he reached into his belt and drew out his knife. He could feel her panties moisten as his kisses on her neck deepened. He bit her neck lightly which drew from her a moan. He smiled. He held the knife up to her panties and she looked down as she felt the cold metal against her thigh. Her eyes filled with terror as she saw the knife.

"Please, please Sir do anything you want, please don't cut me, please don't kill me. I'll do anything." She babbled desperately. He laughed softly to himself.

"Will you tell me about the skirmish you are plotting?" He breathed into her neck, giving it a lick after his words.

"I don't know anything about any skirmish, please, Sir, believe me!" 

"Oh alright then," He bit into her neck and she moaned in pleasure, "In that case you're free to go!"

He held the knife up to her cunt, at the edge of the fabric of her underpants. "I think not, traitor. And by the way I'll do anything I want to you anyway." 

He ripped through her underpants in one easy slice of the knife, her scream loud in his ears. He tore the soaking garment away, and plunged one finger into her dripping wet cunt.

"Hmm, you're loving this aren't you? You dirty girl... But that's okay." He whispered into her ear, "Because I'm loving it too." He kissed a line from her neck down to her breasts, licking and sucking at each nipple in turn. He thrust his finger back into her cunt, deeper this time, hearing her groan and pant in a mingle of desire and pain. 

He added a second finger, her pussy felt so tight and slippery around his fingers. He started to pound into her cunt with his fingers, loving the way she whimpered at his touch. 

His lips continued to suck at her nipples, teasing her with his tongue. She was trying to spread her legs wider, opening her thighs to his touch, but the ropes bound her tightly to the chair. She was really moaning now, her head flung back, eyes closed .

"Please," She whimpered, "Oh please!" He smiled to himself. He carefully withdrew his fingers from her dripping cunt and stopped kissing her nipples. He stopped touching her completely.

Her eyes flung wide open in confusion, she made a small sound.

"You said please, please stop I assumed? Being a gentleman I can only oblige." He grinned wolfishly at her.

"Oh.. I... no that's not what I meant..." She said, a red blush beginning in her cheeks and spreading down her neck.

"Its not?" Tristan asked in mock surprise, "Well then, whatever did you mean, Talinka?"

She growled in frustration. "I told you my name isn't Talinka! And I... I want... please don't stop." She whispered.

"Don't stop?" He lowered his head to her pussy "How about if I do this instead?" 

He snaked his tongue into her dewy folds and found her clit swollen and juicy. He fastened his mouth around her clit and sucked and nibbled at it. He was making her whimper helplessly, her breath coming in short gasps. He felt her body tremble. She was about to cum. 

He lifted his head from her clit and tongued her thighs up to her belly, laughing cruelly at her cries of frustration.

"Please, please Sir," She begged him. He moved so his mouth was at her ear.

"Please what, precious?"

"You know what, oh please!"

"I want to hear you say it."

"Please... lick me."

He licked her neck slowly. "as you wish." She groaned in frustration.

"Please lick my cunt, Sir, oh god please, I need it, Please lick my clit!"

"Good girl." He whispered into her ear, and kissed her neck on his way down. He fastened his mouth back to her clit and sucked at it hard, hearing her gasp at the mixture of pleasure with a tinge of pain. She was bucking her hips against him, as much as the ropes would allow, moaning "Sir, sir" over and over. Her legs were trembling as he ravaged her clit over and over with his swirling tongue. She cried out as she came under his mouth, helpless with the pleasure he forced on her. Slowly he drew his mouth away from her wet cunt.

He stood up and considered her, disheveled, wanton, and under his complete control. 

"Now are you going to do as you're told?" He questioned her

"Yes, I'll do anything you say Sir." She replied dreamily.

"There's my good girl... now tell me everything you know about the archers faction."

Her face fell and tears came down her face. "Sir, I don't know anything. I know they exist. Some of the people at that tavern support them. But I know nothing more than that. I don't know who they are or how to contact them or whatever it is you think i should know. I'm sorry, but its the truth!"

"Still you lie!" He yelled at her, losing his temper now. He grabbed the knife and cut through the ropes around her legs and waist, leaving her hands bound firmly behind her back. 

He grabbed her wrists and hauled her to her feet. Tristan twined his hand in her hair, forcing her head upwards as he kissed her mouth roughly, tongue plunging into her mouth, claiming her ruthlessly. 

He kicked at her feet causing her to fall to her knees. He pushed a hand onto the small of her back, forcing her down onto the ground, her ass raised in the air. He got on his knees behind her and undid his trousers, keeping her in place with his other hand on her back. She was writhing beneath him trying to escape but she couldn't keep balance with her hands bound behind her back. He looked over her upraised ass, her cunt glistening with her juices, her lavender curls falling down her shoulders. 

His cock was rock hard as he positioned it at her entrance. He stabbed it into her with one hard thrust, hearing her cry out in pain as he took her virginity. She was so tight around him, her cunt squeezing his cock as he thrust it deeper into her, hear whimpers music to his ears. He shoved himself into her over and over, holding her down as he used her brutally for his pleasure. Even with this rough treatment he felt her responding, her cunt growing wetter, allowing his cock to slide deep into her with ease. "Sir, oh yes Sir" she moaned as he took her furiously, fucking her hard and fast, pounding himself into her body, gripping her bound wrists as he drove himself deep into her pussy. 

He felt himself getting close and moved to stand in front of her, raising her up so she was on her knees, her mouth near his cock. 

"Suck it." He ordered her, and she moved quickly to take him into her mouth. Her lips moved eagerly up and down his shaft, her tongue swirled around the base of his cock as she took it deeper and deeper down her throat. He grabbed her head and held it with his hands and his pumped his cock in and out of her mouth, fucking her face for his pleasure. He felt his balls tensing with pleasure, her tongue caressing him in all the right ways. He drove his hard cock deep down her throat and held it there as he came in gushing spurts into her mouth. He let go of her and she collapsed to the floor in a used heap.
