 I went to the mattress and lay down. "I'm sorry, Captain, I'm just exhausted," I said. And I was-the experience with the milking machine had left me spent. My breasts, and especially my nipples, ached with what they'd endured. I couldn't imagine going through that every day, or maybe even multiple times a day. How often did the G'Oran milk their human captives, anyway?

I heard Captain Clark walk over. I opened my eyes and saw her bare feet and shins. "They'll drug us again soon," she said. "Make us feel aroused again. Just so you're ready for it."

I was too numb to feel anything at that moment. "Where did they take the Major?"

"I don't know. Apparently the information that I've read has been incomplete at best. Or they've changed their procedures since it was last updated."

I rolled over enough to look up at her. From my perspective, her face was bracketed by her breasts, her nipples still distended from the suction cups. "Someone will rescue us, won't they?"

"I'm certain they're trying," she said.

That was the first time she'd even implied that we might not be saved. I felt a rush of terror at the realization that she, the Captain, my Captain, might no longer be certain of the truth of her statements.

She knelt beside the mattress and stroked my tangled hair back from my face. "Panic won't help anything, Ensign. Yes, we're naked, and helpless, and they can do whatever they want to our bodies. But not to our spirits. That's where our courage is."

I looked into her calm, clear eyes. "Are you scared?"

"Terrified."

"Really?"

"Ensign, they're doing everything to me that they're doing to you. If you're scared, what makes you think I'm not?"

I sat up, too. I felt both ashamed and comforted by her admission, so I made one of my own. "I saw you and...Major Thrace together. After they drugged us the first time."

She did not appear embarrassed. "Are you married, Ensign?"

"No, ma'am."

"I am. I have a husband. And Major Thrace has a wife."

It took a moment for that to sink in. When she saw I understood, she continued.

"As bad as it was for us, it was far worse for the Major. Here she was, locked in a room with two attractive naked women, artificially aroused, and she believed she couldn't let herself touch them. Never mind that we, too, felt just like she did. I knew what she was going through, and so I went to her." She looked away. "I had to order her to fuck me. And she cried."

I couldn't imagine Thrace in tears, unless they were tears of rage. Which maybe they were.

"And when they drug us again, if Thrace isnt back, it seems inevitable that you and I will become intimate. I don't want you to feel guilty about it, Ensign. This is a crisis situation, and whatever we have to do to get through it is all right."

I looked into her face, so strong and intelligent. "Yes, ma'am."

"Have you ever been with a woman?"

"Not...fully, ma'am." It was only once, in a shower at the academy with my roommate, and we giggled through most of it. There were no giggles today, though. "I mean, I know...I know what to do." 

She smiled gently. "I'm sure you do. And I'll try to reciprocate so that the experience isn't awful for either of us."

The gas began to hiss into the room, just as Captain Clark had said. I looked around in panic, but she grabbed my face in her hands and said, "Remember, Ensign-you're not alone."

I couldn't break away from her gaze, and we looked into each other's eyes for a long moment. She feels it, too, I thought. The same ache deep in her tortured pussy, the same agonized wetness, the same desire to...to...

My Captain wanted to fuck me. And I wanted to fuck her.

We tried for a gentle start. The captain closed her eyes and groaned. She put her hands on my face and kissed me softly, kindly. But she whimpered into my mouth and her tongue, which was light and sweet, grew more aggressive. She grabbed the back of my hair and held me in place.

"My control is not good for much more, Ensign," she said when our lips parted, and her voice quivered.

"Diana," I said. "My name is Diana."

My hands went around her, but then slid back to her breasts. I was careful as I squeezed them, knowing how sore they must be. She did the same with mine. Her fingers were light, and gentle, and made my battered nipples stand up again with their delicate ministrations.

I kissed her shoulder, then down her chest. Soon I was licking her nipples, fighting the urgency to draw the tips hard into my mouth. I felt tingles begin between my legs, and realized I was so turned on, so aroused, that just the act of sucking another woman's breasts was about to make me come. I pulled free and looked up at her; her eyes were closed, her lips parted, and her eyebrows drawn tight.

"Can we come?" I whispered. "I'm so close..."

"I think at this point, it doesn't matter," she said, not looking at me.

With a moan I returned to her breasts. Her hands tangled in my hair, holding my head close. I had her left nipple in my mouth when I finally did climax, and felt my own wetness surge out between my thighs. I moaned into her breast.

We stretched out on the pad and tangled our legs together then, thrashing with a desperation I never expected Captain Clark to display. Her hand slid between my legs and mine did the same to her, and we stroked each other to orgasm while we whimpered and looked into each other's eyes. But just as before, the desire did not fade.

I'd never touched another woman like this; she was neatly trimmed between her legs, and her labia was slick and loose. Her clit, when I pressed my thumb on it, was larger than I expected, swollen with the effect of the aliens' drugs. I knew mine was as well, and she found it expertly.

The tips of our noses almost touched, we were so close. All the times I'd seen her on the bridge, or in the corridors, or at meetings with the command staff, I'd never noticed how smooth her skin really was. I said softly, "You're so beautiful, Captain."

"Laura," she said in a shuddering whisper. "Call me Laura. We're fucking, it seems silly to stand on formality."

"Did Major Thrace call you Laura?"

"Major Thrace didn't do a lot of talking." She closed her eyes and her whole body tensed as, I assumed, another orgasm went through her. The idea that I had that kind of power over her made me come as well. I slid down and began sucking and kissing her breasts again, licking lightly along the stretch marks that their weight had caused over time.

"Go down on me, Diana," she said. "Please, god, lick me."

I'd never done that before, but I guided her onto her back and kissed my way down her belly. I felt her abdominal muscles clench and relax under her skin as my lips caressed her navel, then the skin beneath it, and finally eased into her damp, dark pubic hair. I stretched out between her widely spread legs, her hands on the back of my head, and followed the distinctive scent to its source.

The taste was intoxicating. I knew it from licking my own fingers after masturbating, or going down on my boyfriend after he'd been inside me, but I'd never imagined it could be so...so delicious. The alien drug coursing through me had something to do with that, no doubt, but whatever the source, it overpowered me.

Captain Clark...Laura...moaned and cried out as if she was in helpless agony. And perhaps she was. She grabbed my hair with one strong hand and pressed me close against her, her thighs clamping on either side of my head and muffling her voice. I knew we she came again, because her juices surged into my face, my mouth, and her whole body went rigid, then collapsed. Her legs fell away, and she released my hair.

I rose to look at her. Her belly heaved, and she was gasping for breath. A red flush covered her face and the tops of her breasts.

I wiped my face with the back of my arm. "Laura?" I asked uncertainly. I suddenly realized how against my nature all this was, and how I was being used by aliens in ways that would terrify and humiliate me, if I wasn't so goddamned horny. I looked down at my captain's quivering labia, wet with her juices behind soft, damp curls, and thought, I should not be seeing this. This is wrong. I sat back on my heels with a gasp and began to shake. Was I going into shock?

But then Captain Clark...Laura...sat up and reached for me. I'd never seen such naked desperation in her face; a week ago, I'd have sworn I never would. But she was desperate, and she made an aching groan as she grabbed my hair and pulled my face back between her legs. She crossed her ankles across my back and held me there until I began to lick.

"I'm sorry," she whimpered, "I'm sorry, I just need this, I need it so bad, I can't fight any longer..." Then her back arched and another pulsing surge of her juices told me she'd had another orgasm.

She held me there through two more climaxes. She was strong, much more physically strong than I expected, although in the wanton heat of the moment I didn't fight that hard. At last I forced her legs apart, came up for air and gasped, "Now do me. Please."

She looked at me down the length of her body, her face flushed red and framed by sweat-tangled hair, and nodded. We quickly changed positions, and I fondled my own breasts as she drove her tongue into me.

Eventually we curled around each other, sixty-nineing on the pad as we slurped and licked. It was carnal, and raw, and so terribly wrong that we came more than we could count. I learned where and how to get her off quickly, and believe me, she learned the same about me. We continued until we were both exhausted, and finally fell apart, semi-conscious and weak, and continued to masturbate until we finally passed out. The last thing I remember seeing was her bare feet in my face, the toes spreading as she endured yet another orgasm.

To be continued...