 And so we slept, our sweaty, naked bodies entwined just as I'd found Captain Clark and Major Thrace. I had no memory of fucking in this position, but when I woke up there I was, on my belly, my legs scissored with the Captain's and my aching pussy snug against hers. The artificial arousal was gone, but the wanton urge to flex my hips and grind against her, just to see if she'd respond, was overwhelming. I fought it down. I was a soldier, a member of the space fleet, not some starbase whore.

"Captain?" I croaked. Then, "Laura?"

"I'm here," she said, and I'd never heard her sound so tired. She twisted her torso enough to look down at me. But she made no move to untangle herself.

I looked into her eyes, and saw, beneath the exhaustion and fear, the same wanton impulse I'd fought down. She wondered, just like I did, what it would feel like to fuck without being drugged.

Then the cell door opened. Instantly Captain Clark extracted herself from me and got to her feet. She held out a hand and helped me upright as well.

The G'Oran guards pushed Major Thrace into the room. She was wet all over, and her hair hung in limp, damp strands in her face. She limped past us until she ran blindly into the opposite wall, where she stopped and slid to the floor. She kept her face turned away from us.

"Major?" the Captain said.

Then first G'Oran chittered something in their harsh language, and pointed its eight-fingered hand. 

At me.

I looked down at Thrace. Whatever had happened seemed to have shattered her. I choked one word out past the fear closing my throat. "No!"

Captain Clark stepped in front of me. "No," she said to the G'Oran. "I'll go next. Ensign, take care of Major Thrace."

The G'Oran probably couldn't tell us apart anyway. One naked human woman was pretty much like the other, and all they really cared about was our breasts. It grabbed her arm and pulled her out of the cell. The door closed, leaving me alone with the Major.

I knelt beside her. "M-Major Thrace? Are you all right?"

She finally turned, pushed her hair from her face, and looked at me. She started to speak, but something caught in her throat. She choked, and expelled a thick stream of whitish liquid over her lips. It drained down her chin.

I recognized it immediately. Semen.

"They have men here, Yeoman," she gargled.

My battered brain couldn't process this. "What? Human men?"

"Some. Some are Baylunians."

Baylunians were the closest alien species to human that we'd yet encountered, so close that some scientists believed we had a common ancestor. Humans could have intercourse with Baylunians, but not produce viable offspring. They looked exactly like us, except for their powder-blue skin. I said, "Can they help us?"

She snickered, cold and desolate, and wiped her chin. "No. They've all had something done to them. They...." She shuddered. "They just want to fuck. Anything female. Anything."

"Did they--?"

"Of course they did!" she snapped, holding herself more tightly. "I'm freezing. They washed me in ice water."

I knelt beside her and awkwardly pressed my own body against hers, spooning her from behind as much as I could in her half-seated position against the wall. I had to ask. "Did they...r-rape you?"

She laughed again, the same cold, helpless choking sound, but she pulled my arm tighter around her. "Rape? Honey, what do you think I did when they gassed me with that fuck-juice they used on us in here? I was on my back with my legs spread before they even knew I was there. And...." She closed her eyes tight against the memory.

"What?" I said gently. This close, I saw semen matted in her hair, too.

"I...I was on my knees for them, too." She turned and looked back at me, and the tough, no-nonsense major was totally gone. "I sucked their cocks, Yeoman. I have a bellyful of cum right now." Her eyes filled with tears, something I never expected to see. "I was a gold star lesbian before this. Do you know what that is?"

I shook my head.

"It's a lesbian who's never, ever been with a man before. And I hadn't. I knew what I was, and what I liked, very early in life. But now...."

She began to sob. She was having a total breakdown, and I had no idea what to do.

"They *fucked* me!" she screamed. "They fucked me on my back, then they turned me over and fucked me from behind, then I crawled from one to the next with my mouth eager for their cocks! I swallowed them, Yeoman. I...."

And then we heard the distinctive hiss.

"No," Thrace whimpered. "Oh, no, not again, not this way, not with you...."

I tried to hold my breath, I willed my pussy not to flood, my breasts not to grow heavy and sensitive, my nipples not to extend, but it was useless. Within moments I sat gasping, my body alive with desire, my arms still around the major. I wanted to kiss her, to suck her tits, to drive my tongue deep inside her as I'd done with Captain Clark. I wanted to grind my pussy against hers. I wanted to have the power that came with giving her an orgasm.

She turned her whole body to face me. Her expression was tortured, sad and lost and defeated and all the other emotions I never expected to see there. Tears streaked her cheeks.

"I'm sorry, Yeoman," she whimpered. "I don't want to...to...."

"It's okay," I said, helpless in the grip of my own desire. "Call me Denise."

She ran her trembling fingertips over my lips. "You're so beautiful," she said softly. "I've tried not to notice...tried to avoid thinking about this...." Then she kissed me, not roughly like I expected, but softly, gently. Not even Captain Clark had kissed me like that. I could taste the cum still on her lips.

"Th-thank you," I said when our lips parted. I gazed into her dark brown eyes, and saw a level of tenderness I never would have expected there. Thinking of her being used by a cadre of sex-crazed men filled me with sudden anger.

Then I realized Captain Clark, my sweet lover Laura, was going through the same thing right now. And rather than enhancing my anger, the images that flooded my imagination ratcheted up my own desire. I shifted on the floor so that I could rest my hand on Major Thrace's small breast, my thumb beside her erect nipple. She said softly, "Oh."

"It's okay," I said again. "This is survival, remember? Whatever we have to do."

She looked away. "I'm full of cum, Yeoman. If you go down on me, you'll...."

I slid my hand between her legs, and she spread them for me. "Don't worry. In another five minutes, I won't care. You know how they make us feel."

She was wet, incredibly so, and her vulva was swollen beneath my fingertips. "Ensign...." she whispered, and grabbed a handful of my hair in her iron-strong fingers.

"Denise," I repeated. "Call me Denise."

"Karla," she said. "I'm Karla."

"Karla," I breathed. As strange as it had been to call the captain by her first name, it was even stranger now. Thrace was so intimidating, so no-nonsense.

She gasped as I continued to lightly stroke her clit. "You're so good at this, Denise," she said with her eyes closed. "You're so good. Why haven't I touched you sooner? Oh, God...."

I felt, aside from the desire raging in my own dripping pussy, a sense of power knowing that I could reduce this woman to such a state. She began to whimper in rhythm with my strokes, and I shifted my weight again so that I could bend down and suck one of her nipples. This made her cry out, and she grabbed my hair more firmly, holding me there, as if I wanted to leave. "I'm going to come, Denise," she almost sobbed. "You're making me come, oh, God, make me come, yes, just like that, just like...."

And then she came. And then so did I, her nipple pinched tight in my teeth, overwhelmed by the sense of my own erotic power.

Dimly, I realized yet again that when the Captain returned, they would take me to the men. I should have been terrified at the thought of it, but as I gently pushed Karla Thrace onto her back, released her nipple and began to kiss my way down her belly, I couldn't imagine anything I wanted more.

And yes, I tasted male cum when I began to lick her: sticky, bitter, but unbearableyarousing. As I went down on her, I I rubbed myself hard, coming repeatedly even as she did. Was I losing my mind? Was I losing myself? Major Thrace said nothing, only tossing, spasming and making animal noises. Was this my future? Our future?

We fucked all over the room, in every possible position. She knew just how to touch me to get me off, and I tried to do the same for her. I think she was just relieved to be with a woman, to feel female flesh after her time with those men, that she didn't care who it was. I lost all track of time.

Until the door opened.

I rose up from Major Thrace's pussy, my lower face wet with her juices. Captain Clark stood in the door, and the G'Oran pushed her forward. Like Thrace, she was dripping with water, and as Thrace had done, she stumbled a couple of steps, then collapsed to her knees. 

She stared at us, her face blank, eyes wide. Her hair was even more disheveled, and there was something white and crusty on the lower half of her face. I realized with a start it was more dried semen.

She fell forward onto all fours, breathing hard, her breasts swaying. There was dried semen on the small of her back as well, and her ass cheeks. Whatever they did to wash us, it apparently didn't involve scrubbing. She raised her head with evident effort and looked at Major Thrace. What passed between them was the shared camaraderie of disaster, an experience that only the two of them had endured.

"I'm so cold," she whispered.

Thrace and I immediately crawled to her and wrapped ourselves around her. We made a cocoon of our arms and legs, rubbing her skin to generate heat.

And then the G'Oran chittered something, and I felt a sharp, cold digit poke me in the back.

It was my turn.

The fear burned away the last of the arousal from my earlier drugging. I got to my feet and backed into a corner. "No," I said, shaking my head. "No, I won't, you can't take me, somebody help me, help me, HELP ME!"

I was screaming by then. The G'Oran entered, stepped past the entwined forms of Captain Clark and Major Thrace, and grabbed my arms. I struggled, but there was no resisting it. The alien was too strong. 

"Captain, PLEASE!" I cried as it dragged me out the door, but the last thing I saw was Clark's blank, blasted face.

To be continued....