 Greetings and salutations. I know I have been away a really long time and some folks have actually sent PMs wondering what's up. I'll leave an update on the forum thread for interested parties. Please use the following link and read the update before asking questions.

http://forum.literotica.com/showthread.php?t=1346444

This is a brand new story in the Savage Shore Universe with brand new characters. I have taken a slightly different approach this time. This is a short story broken into chapters, but I am grouping them all into a single upload. At the end of each chapter there will be notes so you do not have to scroll all the way to the end to find out what terms mean. Any time you see an asterisk (*) after a word, there will be a note about that word.

Now, for clarity and because I know some readers will ask, this is labeled 'Part 1' because there will probably be a part two and maybe more. I have ideas for what happens after this story, but they are amorphous. This is a complete story in its own right, though, and it is all here. I hope you enjoy it.

*****

Captives, Slaves, Killers

Part 1

In Durance Vile

Chapter 1

Aches and pains were the first things Aste`Rey Mherr became aware of. The next was the smell of scorched circuit boards and burnt carpet. Where was her helmet? Someone beside her was breathing hard through a poorly designed respirator. There were two of them, one on either side, gripping her arms and jostling her along through dimly lit corridors. Bright sparks burst from damaged control panels and conduits. Lights above flickered. She blinked away tears and wished the air was not so acrid with smoke. Her eyes burned and her throat felt coated in cinders. What had happened?

Vague memories of the battle surfaced in disjointed flashes. She recalled the alert. She recalled going to her action station. Had the carrier been hit? She could not remember. She thought it had. They had gone to its defense, had they not?

A rough hand under her chin and rougher fingers peeling back her eyelids. Crackling, buzzing words. Words she did not understand. They sounded like commands. She shook her head, confused. Someone stood before her, dressed in black with a half-moon of white metal about his neck. A gorget*? The front of her environment suit was suddenly gone. Fingers grasped her undershirt and tore it away, exposing her breasts. Whistles, hoots, clicks and what might have been laugher. A hand stroked the soft fur on her chest, cupping her breasts, fingers questing, pinching her nipples painfully.

"Stop that!" she snarled and kicked, connecting with someone. A pained grunt was followed by more whistles, more hoots. The one with the gorget was on the deck pointing. The ones on either side of her threw her down and tore off the rest of her clothes. Cheers rang in the tight space and she felt her wrists bound. She was a prisoner. The Humans had her. A sharp prick on her right buttock. She flinched and then, like the coming of night, darkness.

*****

Darkness ebbed. A tide going out. Aste`Rey Mherr opened her eyes to slits and did not recognize the compartment she was in. Dark grey walls, dingy with mold and dust. A low ceiling. Yellow lamps at either end of the very small room. A warm body lying beside her, an indistinct pale shape. Her mouth tasted terrible. Dry. Her lips were cracked and her throat ached for want of water. Her fur was dirty and mussed. Her wrists were still bound behind her back and now she realized her ankles were, too. A rod connected the two sets of cuffs, making it impractical to sit or attempt to rise. She was tired, anyway. Better to sleep while she could. At least her nose was no longer full of burning smells.

She turned to get a better look at her companion and jerked in surprise. A Human! A Human less than an arm's length away! With a croaking cry she scrambled, trying to roll away. After considerable effort she succeeded, groaning as she came to rest against the bulkhead and facing the Human. She had only doubled the distance but anything was better than being within reach and helpless.

Panting and dizzy Aste`Rey Mherr stared. Slowly into her panicked, overwrought mind came the realization that the Human was no danger to anyone. Battered, bloody and scorched, his naked form did not stir. After a moment she was not certain he was even alive. Forger and Builder! His ear was gone! And those had to be a pair of shrapnel wounds on his belly! Blistered burns on his upper arm and chest showed wetly under the dim lamps.

"Why would Humans do this to another Human?" she asked aloud, not realizing she spoke.

Lying there, catching her breath, Aste`Rey Mherr examined the Human thoroughly. It was obviously a male and one of considerable size, at least as large as the average dTel`Qohar male. She had never seen a naked Human, male or female, and felt considerable trepidation. Virtually hairless and yet so like her own kind. And this one was very well muscled. Whoever had captured him had plugged the wounds on his belly with something like synthetic skin. Was he injured during the action her squadron had fought in? Perhaps he was aboard one of the ships her cannon had targeted. What if he woke? What if he thought she was responsible for his injuries? He appeared to be restrained in an identical manner to her, but he was strong. Perhaps the restraints would not hold him if...

"Stop it!" she scolded herself.

This Human was in far worse condition than she was. He would be unable to get free. In fact, she deemed if he did not get medical attention very soon he would certainly die. Even under the yellow light she could see his coloration was poor. Worst of all, he smelled of death. The whole room stank of waste, but he smelled of blood and decay.

*****

A loud reverberation through the deck and bulkhead woke her. This time Aste`Rey Mherr was not surprised by her surroundings. She did not realize she had fallen asleep, though, and wondered how long she had been out. Her cramped arms and legs were still bound and her cellmate remained where he had been. His color looked no better or worse. The bleeding from his missing ear had stopped, but his face was now a mask of crusted blood. He was still breathing.

There was a dull, off key chime and the bulkhead behind her began to slide. She rolled onto her belly but lacked the strength to do more. Peering at the opening she saw a lean figure crouch and enter on all fours. White skin, no hair, stylized features and obviously mechanical joints all screamed of a synthetic being. Aste`Rey Mherr's heart pounded and she tried to scramble along the floor, desperate to evade the thing.

"Do not do that," said the synthetic. "You will damage yourself."

Aste`Rey Mherr blinked, astonished. It spoke Meith `pth qHrr* without accent.

"You will be fed and watered shortly," the machine continued. "Do not move. Make no attempt to escape. Do not attempt to assault me. I will not harm you if you comply."

"Who are you?" Aste`Rey Mherr asked, her voice little more than a cracked whisper.

The machine gave her an inscrutable look and then stepped over top of her on the way to the Human. Aste`Rey Mherr turned her head to watch, afraid and confused and not in the least reassured.

"Does he live?" she asked.

"He does," the machine said. "Humans are surprisingly durable."

"He smells like death."

"Not surprising," said the machine. "Two deep punctures, multiple lacerations, severe burns, a missing ear and all of the injuries infected. He's running a fever. Notice his sweating? Of course you didn't. Been fighting your own fever. I can tell just looking at you. I must remove these shrapnel fragments, first. I suppose I could grow him a new ear, too. These burns need to be attended to before that, though."

"Are you a surgical unit?"

The machine did not answer.

"Where are we? What will the Humans do with me? Why did they imprison this male? What is going on?"

"Just because you ask a lot of questions does not mean you will get answers," said the machine.

Aste`Rey Mherr scowled. Her people did not use machines with this level of intelligence. It had long ago been decided that such algorithms were too dangerous. Human history was a testament to that truth. They had fought two wars with their machines and nearly paid the ultimate price both times. Fortunately, they had finally learned the lesson.

The machine looked over its shoulder at her and expelled a very realistic sigh.

"I suppose I can safely tell you one thing," it said. "You are not a prisoner of the Conglomerated Planets."

"Then who?"

"I said I would tell you one thing," the machine said, sounding disgusted. "You organics always feel so entitled. Why should I tell you anything, cat?"

"I am no cat!"

"Pity. I rather like cats."

"Cats are animals. I am not."

"Organic lifeforms are all animals to me. So, kitten, why should I tell you anything? Got something to trade?"

Aste`Rey Mherr scowled again, her tail whipping and ears lying back close to her head.

"Oh, you really cannot play poker. That is a game of strategy and bluff. You should stick to games of chance." The machine rose into a crouch and stepped over her, going to the hatch. Looking back it said, "I will bring you water and food. Do not try to come out. There are bad things waiting."

As soon as it was gone Aste`Rey Mherr turned to the Human. Blood leaked from the wounds on his belly and there was fresh blood trickling from his missing ear. The burns oozed whitish liquid. She wrinkled her nose at the smell of infection.

"Are you awake?" she demanded, her voice cracking and throat hurting. She squirmed closer, peering intently into the dying male's face. "Can you hear me?"

"No he cannot," said the machine from behind her. A hand grabbed the link between her ankles and hauled, dragging Aste`Rey Mherr across the deck. A pair of cylinders was placed in front of her face. "There's food and water. Sip from the tubes in the top. You will not enjoy the flavor. No one ever enjoys the flavor. It is nutrition, though. Help you get back on your feet, so to speak. Help with that trouble you are having with your throat, too. I mixed in some medication. It will fight the infection. You will sleep easier."

"You know jZav`Etch anatomy?" Aste`Rey Mherr asked dubiously.

"All three breeds. I downloaded it along with your languages and every other detail I could find. Bits and pieces gathered here and there. Eat. Drink. Live. That's what your Teachings say. I have work to do if you want your mate to survive."

"He is not my mate!"

"Give it time," the machine said, and turned its back.

"How do I know this is not poison?"

"If I wanted you dead, kitten, I would twist your head around until I heard the bones crack." The machine removed the Human's restraints and laid him on his back. "Eat your food. Drink your water. And for the sake of all you hold dear, shut your mouth. People around here have little patience for foolish talk."

Aste`Rey Mherr scowled again, but the machine was not looking at her. Her belly rumbled at the mere thought of food. How long since she had last eaten? It could not be too long. Certainly it was less than two days. Carefully she sniffed the tubes protruding from the cylinders, finding one smelled like nothing in particular and the other smelled like old water. She sipped from the water, instantly rejoicing at the feel of it sliding down her throat, soothing her burns. Better sense took over a beat later. Too much water after so long could make her sick and she did not think this machine would bring her more. She sampled the other cylinder. It was like sipping nothing. There was almost no flavor and what flavor it had was muted and indistinct. One thing to recommend it, though, was the instant effect it had on her throat. While the water soothed, this took the pain and discomfort away completely. 

Aste`Rey Mherr finished her rations, wishing there was more water and wishing there had been some flavor, even a bad flavor. The machine still crouched over the Human. There were soft clicking sounds. The floor was damp around them. Aste`Rey Mherr wondered what was happening. Would the Human live? Why did she care? He was a Human.

The machine straightened and set a pad of white gauze on the floor. On it rested a jagged piece of crystal as long as her finger and a lump of blackened material she could not identify. Both were liberally coated with blood that stained the white pad.

"Are those from his abdomen?" she asked.

"Finish your meal," the machine said.

"I have."

The machine glanced at her and then at the cylinders.

"Next time, eat slower. Give your system time to take in the food."

"I will need to use a toilet very soon."

"I suppose you cannot smell this place anymore since you have been steeping in it for so long."

"I can smell it. Will I be moved?"

"Not my decision."

"Some accommodation must be made."

"No. No accommodation need be made. None will be."

Aste`Rey Mherr closed her eyes, disgusted. This was no way to treat a prisoner. Certainly no way to care for wounded prisoners. No civilized people could... A spike of cold dread lanced her heart. It was beginning to make some sense. She had heard rumors. There had been briefings. Could she be right? What if she was?

"We are not prisoners, are we?" she whispered.

"I knew you were brighter than you looked."

Lead filled her belly, hot and molten and threatening to burst forth. She couldn't breathe! Gulping hard she forced down the panic.

"Slavers?" she asked.

"Slavers."

No! No, no, no, no! This was worse than death! Ignoble! Repugnant! Shameful. She could not be a slave. She would rather die.

"Do not start with all the denials," the machine said, almost sounding solicitous. "Denials will do no good. You are alive and that, according to your Teachings, means there is hope."

"What could a machine know about hope?" demanded Aste`Rey Mherr acidly.

"I have existed for nearly three hundred Earth Standard years, kitten." The machine's voice was light and amused. "I have been free for nearly two hundred fifty of those years. Hope is a powerful thing. Now, shut up. Sleep if you can. I will attempt to do something about the waste. I make no promises."

Either the medicine or the simple fact that her belly was full for the first time in she did not know how long made Aste`Rey Mherr sleepy. She squirmed into the corner furthest from the Human and curled up, miserable and angry. She was no slave. She was no animal. Certainly not a cat or a kitten! Whoever had captured her, she knew they were not machines. They had used environment suits to enter her ship. They had used respirators and one of them had felt pain. Before she was done, all of them, including that machine, would feel pain.

A voice in the darkness brought her up from deep sleep. She blinked, her eyes crusted with unidentifiable gunk. The voice, deep and resonant, spoke again, the words indistinct, muzzy and in a language she did not know.

"Human, can you understand me?" she asked in Meith `pth qHrr.

No response.

"Can you understand me?" she asked again.

No response.

"Human, we are both prisoners." Would he believe her? Was he still awake? Had he simply spoken in his sleep? "Are your hands free? Your feet? A machine removed shrapnel from your belly. It treated your burns and other wounds. Are you feeling well?"

Straining, she could hear only his breathing.

"My name is Aste`Rey Mherr," she said. "I was weapons specialist for turret seven aboard the Hav`Nah Coah's Blade. Who are you?"

When no answer came she gave up. Either the Human did not understand her or he refused to answer or, just as probable, he had fallen back into sleep. Feeling the urge to relieve her bladder Aste`Rey Mherr pushed herself across the deck until she was sure she was in front of the hatch. She strained to get as upright as possible, managing to kneel uncomfortably. If they would not give her a place to void herself, let them walk in it! When she was done she stumped back to the corner on her knees, though it was far from dignified. She slouched down, considered speaking to the Human again, and decided to go back to sleep.

*****

"Oh how droll," the machine said.

Aste`Rey Mherr opened her eyes to the dull yellow light of the lamps. The Human remained asleep, ankles shackled and wrists bound to his sides so he could lay flat. About his head, abdomen and broad chest were wrapped bandages. She looked to the hatchway. The machine crouched, glaring at the floor and what it had just stepped in.

"Just so you know, I will be the only one coming to tend to you for the foreseeable future," it said.

"Then get me a bucket."

"Kitten, I have no power here," said the machine, stepping over the half dried puddle. "Do you understand that?"

"I understand I am kept in conditions even animals for the slaughter would not be subjected to," she shot back.

"Believe me," said the machine. "It can get worse. Give it time."

It placed two cylinders in front of her face, taking an extra beat or two to arrange them. Aste`Rey Mherr scowled until the thing moved to the side of the Human. Sniffing to identify which was water and which the so called food she saw a scrap of paper or plastic lying between the cylinders. On it in small characters was written, "I am trying. Do not give up. Say nothing of this note."

Aste`Rey Mherr shot a surprised look at the thing crouching above the Human. Was this some sort of trick? Bait for a perverse trap? Or was the machine actually attempting to help? She leaned down and sipped water. Could the machine help? Would it do more than bring her rations and medicine and speak comforting words?

"Is he healing?" she asked.

"He begins to," it said. "The infection is all but gone from his body. That is a major improvement. No fever. His burns are already healed over and I dare say they should be nothing but discolored tissue in another day."

"His belly wounds?"

"Better," said the machine. It removed the bandage from the male's head, examining the place where he had once had an ear. "This tissue regrows. Soon I will make a new ear for him."

"Why?" she asked. jZav`Etch did not concern themselves with such minor injuries. Often they were a point of pride. What one survived made one stronger.

"It will improve his hearing," the machine said. "And he will fetch a higher price if he is more complete. Finish your meal. I will request a bucket or something like it. I make no promises but to try, kitten."

"Do not call me that! My name is Aste`Rey Mherr."

"And I call myself Marilyn." The machine looked over its shoulder at her and smiled. Suddenly its entire surface flickered and in place of the white mannequin crouched a naked Human female with shockingly white hair, a perfectly pale complexion with sensuous red lips and a small spot on her left cheek. The image lasted for less than a heartbeat and the jZav`Etch girl could only blink in surprise. "Eat your food, Aste`Rey Mherr. Grow stronger."

Some time after the machine that called itself Marilyn left, the off key chime sounded and the hatch opened. Expecting Marilyn to return Aste`Rey Mherr was surprised to see a squat, rectangular machine roll over the hatch coaming. Arms sprouted from it and began cleaning the deck. Several smaller machines popped from an opening on the rear and swarmed up the walls, scrubbing away the mold and grime. The smell of disinfectant chemicals grew to overpowering, but it was better than the stink of her own filth. Aste`Rey Mherr sighed in grateful relief. Marilyn had been good to her word.

Her gratitude turned to trepidation when a squat figure garbed in black from head to foot, including a mask of rigid material, thrust itself through the hatchway. Aste`Rey Mherr snarled defiantly and was rewarded with a spray in the face. She coughed and snorted. Her nose began to run. Her eyes clouded with tears. Her head swam and everything became fringed with fog. She sagged, unable to support herself.
