 On an Earth like planet, towards the end of the iron age and sailing ships.

Floating up from a deep sleep, I hear the creak of the ship's timbers as it glides over the deep smooth swells of the southern Dramdom Sea. A strong hairy arm is over my waist. I'm lying on my left side. My Captain is spooned up to my back. The light out the ports is slowly turning from velvet black to blue grey. Soon I'll rise and get the captain's coffee.

"Mmmgh." He stirs. His big hand slides down my chest and finds my stuff. It feels good. He fondles my balls. I lift my right leg so his growing morning wood can slide between my thighs.

"Mmgh! No time for this Jack. Time to get going. Fetch me a coffee."

I went to sea when I was thirteen. Many years ago. Another war. I worked my way up from 'before the mast' to able body, to steward on Xzanda's 'Queen Ruth', Admiral Dornier's flag ship when she went into battle for the last time. It was a decisive battle. Our fleet was completely destroyed by the Darwinia fleet under the command of Admiral Crean. Our officers were sent away in chains on a fast schooner. The rest of us were now crew on the ships of the Darwinia fleet. I was soon Captain Kenwin's (Golden Dragon) cabin boy. Twenty two years old and life was good.

One night, just as I got into my bunk there was a loud knock on the bulkhead that separates my cabin from Captain Kenwin's. I slipped back into my trousers and shirt and went to him. He was sitting on the bench below the stern lights (windows across the stern). The cabin was dark.

"Come here Jack." As I got closer I saw he was not wearing trousers. "Down on your knees and please me."

Well, being of slight build and fair haired I had been the 'wife' of the port watch in the forecastle aboard 'Queen Ruth'. In exchange the 'husbands' kept me from the more dangerous jobs and generally looked out for me.

My Captain's was quite impressive I must say. I wet my lips and kissed his knob. He had a mass of thick black hair all over. I cupped his hairy balls and licked up and down his long thick shaft. I wrapped my mouth around his knob. I swallowed. Way too big. I moved my lips up and down. I gently stroked the half I couldn't swallow with my left hands as I fondled his balls with my right. I wrapped both my tongues around his shaft as I swallowed, a trick my husbands taught me.

Soon there was an explosion of cum in my mouth. It dribbled down my chin.

"You may return to your cabin. And Jack?"

"Captain?"

"I expect complete discretion from my cabin boy, and fidelity. Is that understood?"

"Yes. Yes of course, Sir. And, thank you sir."

"Thank you, Jack. Dismissed."

Within days my cabin was no more than my changing room as I became Captain's bunk warmer too. I'd eat his beautiful cock, then he'd cuddle me close as we drifted off.

"Jack, it's time we tried something new." His cum was still dripping down my chin. He'd stroked me off, the way he did some times. "Roll over, Jack." I'd just cum in his hand. He scooped up a handful of my goo, and when I rolled over began fingering it around my rectum. Well, of course I was no virgin, but a big one like his?

His bunk boards creaked as he straddled me. "Easy, boy." I gasped as he worked me with a finger. Then two big fingers were stretching me. "Mm." His knob. I feel his knob pushing. "Ug!" The pain as my rectum stretches. "Steady now, Jack."

"Ah!" He's past my tight brown ring. His slow, unstoppable cock fills me. God he's the biggest! It's been such a long time. My body remembers the beautiful sensation. My Captain pulls back. He smoothly strokes in. Long slow strokes. In and out, in and out. His big strong hands hold down the small of my back. He picks up the pace. The beautiful pounding. "Captain Captain, yes, yes!"

His right hand goes over my mouth. "Quiet Jack. Good boy. Take it quietly. That's my good little sailor."

Then My Captain cums with a satisfied grunt.

I'm proud I can serve him and satisfy him. He's always so tender when we're alone in his cabin. Four thin tongues twist together. My Captain strokes my hair. Life is great.

Something is going on today. My Captain asked me to make sure his dress uniform was clean and pressed. I'm cleaning his cabin. The winds are fair, but I hear the bosun calling for the lower sails to be furled. I know what that means. Furl the lower sails so the view forward from the helm is unobstructed. We're going into a port!

An hour later and the Golden Dragon rounds up to a mooring buoy the size of a small shed.

One last check that Captain Kenwin's uniform is perfect and off he goes to the Admiralty.

I finish my chores and go on deck. Green hills, a big city, people everywhere. Sailors are up in the rigging to get a better view. To Starboard is a castle with a big Darwinian flag flying.

The Captain returns and has a short discussion with the First Mate and the Lieutenant of the Marines. They all glance around as he talks. A strange look on their faces. Worried?

"Jack. Come." He doesn't look happy. We go to his cabin.

"Jack. The war is over. Darwinia won. A complete surrender."

"Yes Sir?"

"Jack, the conditions of surrender are, well. Look, as part of the treaty, reparations, all Xzanda's military officers are being sold into slavery for life. All other military personnel will be sold into slavery for three years. I'm sorry Jack. The guards will soon be here for you."

"OH! Um. Well, I guess I better collect my things." My eyes stung, my throat tightened.

Tears ran down My Captain's cheeks. "No, Jack. You. Um. Take off all your clothes and go on deck. You take nothing with you. Sorry. Sorry. I..." 

Seven of us were taken ashore. On the quay steel collars were bolted around our necks. A chain joined the collars a meter apart. Being led naked and chained through the street was bad enough, but this was our first time ashore in over a year. We didn't have time to get our land legs. We staggered and stumbled as our inner ears told us the stone paved road was rolling under us.

The auction was a blur. I was loaded into the back of a wagon, my collar hooked to a short chain. The rest of the day I sat on a bag of grain as we rattled along.

As night approached we stopped at an inn. The wagon was pulled into a courtyard and the team unharnessed and taken into the barn. I was thrown a rough blanket after a meal of gruel and water. At least it didn't rain.

Mid morning we pulled through an arch of stone, went up a short lane, then curved around a grand mansion. The wagon stopped in front of a stone building with bars on the windows. It was hidden from the mansion by a tall hedge.

"You are 'Jack', right? This is your new home. Put this on and we'll start you working." I was handed a one piece grey long sleeve coverall with no pockets. I was assigned to a team off gardeners.

The routine wasn't at all bad. Wake up to the bell. Clean up, breakfast, work, short lunch, work, supper, locked in our rooms of four beds., sleep. No storms or battles. No four hour watches Fresh food , clean water, no salt hardened clothes, dry bunks.

One day, maybe I'd been there a month, as we sat in the shade eating our lunch, our overseer came over with a well dressed man with a thin leather collar. "You, Jack, go with this man."

We went back to our barracks. "Shower and put on clean coveralls."

He took me to a small door on the back of the mansion near the vegetable garden. The walls were painted, not bare stone. the floors were polished wood. We went along a narrow hall, up a flight of stairs, along another hall, then through a door.

I'd never seen anything like it. Hardwood floors with soft carpet runners, dove grey walls with white wood trim. It was a wide, long hallway. Closed doors. Small tables and paintings on the walls between them. The new kind of lighting called 'electric' shone from crystal wall fixtures.

"Close your mouth Jack. You're going to meet your owners. You only speak if asked a question. keep your answers short. Smile. Stand straight. Avoid eye contact. For God sake, don't fidget. He is 'Sir', she is 'My Lady', right, here we are." We go through a double door. The room is magnificent. High ceiling. The far wall is tall arched windows covered with sheer curtains that diffuse the light. The other walls are an eggshell white gloss to waist height, then dove grey above. Portraits of beautiful men and women and landscapes are tastefully arranged on the walls. The furniture looks deep, soft and expensive. My bare toes sink into soft deep dark blue area carpets.

"Lady Penelope, Sir Gregory, this young gentleman is called 'Jack'."

Sir Gregory was a hand width taller than me. Handsome, with his long brown hair brushed straight back and braided to just touch the collar of his maroon jacket. His pale yellow trousers were tucked into red mid thigh boots. His pink shirt had a ruffle down the front. Very stylish.

Lady Penelope was sitting on a divan. I immediately thought of children's stories of beautiful fairy princesses. Her skin was so white. Her white blond hair flowed over her shoulders. Her big ice blue eyes and her small mouth were, well, she was the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. The top of her dress was like a high collar silk blouse. From it's wide white satin belt it floated out either side of her across the divan and tumbled to the carpet. The toes of silver satin slippers peeked out.

"Jack. Are you happy here?"

"Sir, yes Sir."

'Have you been beaten or whipped while in our service?"

"No, My Lady."

"Can you read and write?"

"Sir, um, I can read a bit, but can't write. Sir."

"Read this."

"Further to you..your..in..koo..ree..inquiry, Kon..kur.. ing..concerning appr.. aproprshtion...appropriation.."

"That's enough Jack. Thank you."

"Take off your clothes my love."

"Er, pardon My Lady?"

"Don't be shy Jack. Take off your clothes."

My face was on fire as I took off my coveralls and tried to cover my parts with my hands.

"Hands at your sides dear, and turn around slowly, so we can get a nice look."

"Yes My Lady."

Sir spoke, not harshly. "That's enough. Get dressed. Take him away."

I joined my group weeding the hedge maze. At supper I learned several others had been interviewed. Whatever it was for, we all thought Ned had done best because he can both read and write. How wrong we were about that.

Three days later, right after breakfast I was taken back to the mansion. "Mrs. Mac, this is Jack. See if you can get him looking presentable."

"Why of course, sir. My aren't you the handsome one, Jack is it?"

Mrs. Mac and her assistant gave me a shampoo, hair cut and a shave. They cleaned and filed my finger nails. Then they gave me new clothes.

Soft grey slippers, dark grey trousers, and a white cotton shirt with a light blue ruffle down the front and around the wrists. Didn't I look like an upper class young gentleman ready for shore leave?

Another man, a little older than me took me on a tour of the mansion, both the servant's passages and the fancy parts, except our owner's private apartments.

The tour ended at the double doors to the parlor I'd been interviewed in.

"Knock, then enter. I'll see you later."

Sir Gregory was dressed the same as my interview.

Lady Penelope wore a beautiful pale pink long sleeve sweater with a big fluffy flowing collar, and a mid thigh length light grey leather pencil skirt. 

Jack, we have selected you to be Lady Penelope's personal servant. You will carry out your duties with the utmost discretion. You will not fraternize with the other servants. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Sir Gregory."

"Yes. Admiral Kenwin recommended you, saying you could be trusted to be discreet."

"Sir? Admiral Kenwin?"

"Yes Jack. He's now an Admiral. By the way, he also said you were quite satisfying as far as personal service." I wonder how much he told them? "Now, Penny will show you around our private apartments."

I knew she was small, but not how tiny. As she stood, even in her three inch heels she barely came up to my chin.

"Come along, my love. Are your ready to serve me? In every way?' She favored me with her beautiful smile. I blushed.

"Yes My lady." 'In every way, I'd die for you if you needed me to', I thought.

We went through a single door. "These are our private apartments, Jack. Only select servants enter them, chosen like you because they cannot read or write. Their tongues are removed so they cannot gossip. In return they will live much better than most." She saw the look of horror in my face. "Oh, not you dear. We want you to have your tongues."

"Now, here's your room. Through that door is your bathroom. You share it with Gloria. Lets see if she's in." She knocked on the door on the far side of the bathroom. "Gloria darling, are you decent?"

The lady that opened the door was like none I'd ever seen. She was like the exaggerated drawings pinned over bunks in the forecastle, only real. She was my height. Her blond hair was pulled to the top of her head and tied in a pony tail that fell to her shoulders. Her light brown eyes were framed by long black eye lashes and blue eye liner. Her cheek bones were high and her lips full and pink.

But her body! Her breasts were huge, piled up by her pink cashmere short sleeve halter top. Her waist was thin. Her hips not too wide, but not narrow either. Her long shapely legs were not hidden by the tan leather mini skirt she wore. Her shoes, a complicated arrangement of thin gold leather straps and high thin spike heels were something else.

"Gloria, dear, this is Jack, my new personal servant. Jack, meet Gloria, Greg's personal servant."

Her eyes narrowed in an unsettling way. Her words came in a low purr. "Well, hello Jack." I blushed and stammered hello. Gloria's tongues slid out between her puffy soft lips and curled together in a right hand corkscrew, then re-wound in a left hand one. My Lady didn't notice, as she was already heading back towards my room.

"Come along Jack, lets see the rest of your new home."

"My lady, may I ask a question?"

"Jack dear, here in our private apartments, you may call me 'Penny'. And too, when we're here feel free to speak up. Now, what do you want to know?"

"I wondered. It sounds like you know Admiral Kenwin?"

"Of course dear. Richard's my brother. And by the way, he said you were a very pleasing cabin boy."

I wondered if he elaborated?

The day begins with the jingle of the 'STAFF' bell in my room. I dress and join Gloria and the two mute maids in our small dining room, than go back to my room and wait. The bell tinkles again. Gloria and I go to the service entrance and each take a breakfast trolley. Gloria goes to Sir's bedroom, I go to My Ladies.

Her room is still dark. It's paneled in a dark red wood with darker wood trim. The carpet is a deep soft beige. I open the maroon velvet floor to ceiling drapes letting sunlight stream in through the French doors to her balcony. Her big four poster canopy bed is draped and skirted in shiny burgundy satin. 

"Good Morning My Lady." If she doesn't awake I touch her arm and repeat myself a little bit louder. Then I'm on my knees sliding her slippers onto her dainty feet. I stand and hold her robe for her.

When she returns from her bathroom I serve her breakfast. Either on her balcony if the weather is nice, or just inside the French doors.

The first time what came next was very difficult. Holding her towel while she showered.

"Oh Jack dear!" She looked at my uncomfortable bulge as she dried herself. "We'll do something about that right after you help me dress."

That scared me. Did 'help' involve a knife and my manhood?

She must have read my mind. "Oh no Jack, my love. I won't let anyone hurt you. Come, let's get dressed."

'Help' was a small cock cage chastity device. 

The rest of my day was mostly waiting to be given a chore. I'd spend a fair bit of time in my room waiting for one of the bells to summon me.

In the evening I'd draw her bath, scrub her back, hold her towel, then brush her hair before retiring.

Some mornings Gloria and I'd take both trolleys to Sir's room or My Lady's room.

After a few weeks the 'Parlor' bell rang.

"There you are, my love. I just got a long letter from my Richard." She pats the couch cushion beside herself. "Do sit down."

Her hair was swept around and up elegantly. Her earrings were a cascade of tiny silver stars. Her silver silk blouse had a high collar, but was unbuttoned enticingly low. She had bracelets of tiny silver stars on each wrist. Her dark blue velvet skirt flowed down to her ankles. On her delicate feet were silver satin slippers.

"Richard sent a short letter for you in the envelope too. As your Mistress I consider it my duty to read any mail coming to my personal servants. Do you understand?"

"Yes, My Lady. I mean, I've never received letter before. Um?"

"Penny, dear, Penny. Now why don't you go fetch tea, two cups dear."

When I returned with the tea trolley she said. "You pour, dear. You know how I like it."

I poured and served, then went to sit on one of the chairs with mine. "Not there Jack. Here, with me."

She pulled a piece of paper out of her skirt's pocket. "Would you like me to read Richard's letter for you?"

"Yes, please, M.. Penny."

"Mm, well, 'My dearest Jack, I can't tell you how happy I am knowing you're with Penny and Greg.' Isn't that sweet? 'I've missed your touch so much these last two months. I love my wife and the children, don't get me wrong, but I do miss waking up with my little sailor snuggling to me. By the time you get this letter I'll be at sea. Admiral of the North Rhineward Sea Fleet, if you can believe it. All my best. Your Captain, Richard.' Well, doesn't he have a way with words?"

She patted my leg. "I think you're a good boy too." I blushed, my cage tightened.

"Tell me Jack. Have you ever been with a woman?"

"You mean, like in bed? Ah, sex? Um, no."

"Don't you like girls, Jack?"

"Yes, I mean, um, I've been at sea since I was thirteen, and ordinary sailors in he navy don't get shore leave, so..."

"Well, never mind. Now, this evening I want you to dress nicely and escort Gloria, because you two are joining Greg and me for dinner in the small dining room."

All my clothes were the same except for the colour of the shirts. I chose a red one with a pink ruffle. Gloria peeked into my room. "Give me half an hour, then come get me."

When she answered her hall door my eyes must have bugged out. 

"Like my outfit Jackie?"

"You look fabulous."

"Why thank you." She held out her elbow for me to take.

Her blond hair flowed over her shoulders, brushed back to reveal her tanzanite earrings which matched her jeweled choker necklace. Her gown was a floor sweeping turquoise satin, backless with a plunging front that displayed her huge tempting breasts. The left side was split from hem almost to hip. Her extreme spike heels were the same blue as her jewels. I caught a whiff of subtle perfume.

The small dining room had a table that could seat eight. We stood waiting.

Lady Penelope and Sir Gregory came in holding hands.

He wore dark blue pants and a light green ruffle-less high collar shirt.

Her dress was a powder blue, round collar, short sleeve, ankle length full skirt style. On her feet were silver, open toe flats. Her hair was held up with a diamond tiara. Her diamond pendulum earrings, necklace and bracelets sparkled. She sat the small basket she was carrying on the table.

Sir spoke. "Jack, come here. Before we eat we've a little ceremony to perform. So, kneel here." He pointed.

From the basket he took a wrench and unbolted my steel collar, then put the wrench and collar in the basket.

My Lady took a narrow padded leather collar with a single row of emeralds affixed, and gently wrapped it around my throat. It had a buckle, but no lock.
