 "I don't understand," the dark-haired sorceress began, gently placing a hand on Pahn's chest. "How is it than one so esteemed as you, the Carnal Alchemist, cannot meet his client's needs?" She took another step towards him, taking her warm body closer to his than was the usual for one of his customers.

Asterius Pahn chuckled, before correcting the sultry woman. "Won't, my dear Alyriel. I never said can't."

Her full lips pouted, before opening to speak, but he cut her off before she could.

"I have a long-standing policy against creating that sort of an elixir." Pahn took a step back, putting a little more distance between himself and Alyriel. "A bit of extra vigor, something to jog the memory, or even a little love potion for the swooning farmgirl - those I will provide. A little cocktail to brainwash the king and plunge his kingdom into madness - not on the menu."

Alyriel returned to her pout, and turned away from Pahn, walking across the floor of his workshop to a shelf lined with bottles of brightly colored liquids. She gazed at them, quietly. Perhaps she was gathering her thoughts, preparing some clever argument as to why Pahn should fulfill her request. Pahn returned to his workbench, resuming the tasks he'd been doing before Alyriel arrived, while still keeping one eye on the sorceress.

The alchemist couldn't help but admire the sorceress. He was captivated by her beauty. The full curves of her body, the fairness of her velvet skin, and the luscious locks of her dark hair. Above all else, though, he was a captivated by her eyes. Striking blue, like sapphires, they pierced his soul when she looked upon him, yet, at the same time, they drew him in. He wondered what he might see if he gazed into them for too long.

Her clothing was fitting for her beauty. She wore a silky black dress with a slit on either side, reaching all the way up to where it was belted at the waist. A scarlet corset was worn overtop, lifting her full breasts and revealing a deep cleavage. A necklace, made of silver and fitted with black and red gemstones, graced her neck, while a matching set of earrings dangled almost to her shoulders. Similar bracelets adorned her left wrist, while a bangle was placed on the upper portion of her right arm. Dark eyes and red lips made for a stark contrast against her skin.

"Is there anything else I can help you with, my dear?" Pahn asked, as he tended to a small pot of bubbling white liquid he had started on before the sorceress arrived. "I can still provide you with a great many things. What do you need? I'm offering a discount on potions of invisibility. I'm willing to help you out with just about anything other than an 'evil sorceress wants an easy way to take over the kingdom' potion."

The sorceress turned back towards him, eyes narrowed, her anger simmering. "You fool. You speak of things you know nothing about."

"Oh, my apologies," Pahn replied. "I suppose a power-hungry sorceress might have so many other reasons to brainwash the king. Let me count the ways." He held up a hand, to make a show of counting. "Let's see... there's, uh, well, no, not that... or that... hmmm, no, that's about the same thing..."

Alyriel let out a shout and then disappeared in a puff of deep violet smoke, only to reappear halfway across the room, closing ground between herself and the alchemist. "You will craft me the elixir I ask for!"

She disappeared in smoke once more, this time appearing atop his workbench, knocking over assorted beakers and jars, as well as the bubbling pot. Pahn staggered backwards, against a wall.

"You will do so without question!" she shouted, and disappeared one more time, now re-appearing to press Pahn against the wall, a hand on his throat. 

"Or I will see to it that you spend the rest of eternity as a curio on my mantle." Her red lips twisted in a wry smile. "I am an 'evil sorceress' after all; I do that sort of thing to people."

Pahn gulped, audibly, opening his lips to speak, but words escaped him. He remained still, pinned against the wall, whilst a white mist arose from the floor where the bubbling pot had been spilled. Alyriel stared at him with those striking blue eyes, burrowing deep into his soul. Steeling his resolve, Pahn met her gaze, and was surprised at what he saw.

Her gaze was wavering; her soul-piercing eyes trembled, then washed over with a vibrant purple. Her full lips parted, and her expression softened. She was losing control.

The elixir for Lord Errenon! Pahn realized. The contents of that bubbling pot had been an elixir requested by a local lord, with which to gain the affection of a blacksmith's daughter.

"What. . ." Alyriel began, shaking her head, ". . . what's happening to me?"

Pahn chuckled. "Did I not mention something about a potion to make a farmgirl swoon? I'm afraid you may be about to learn a lesson on being careful with what you touch in an alchemist's workshop."

At that, the rage returned to Alyriel's face, and Pahn's confidence faltered, but it did not last. The anger was washed away once again, replaced by a look of ravenous lust. Pahn managed a smile before she was upon him with her lips.

She kissed him hard - harder than he'd ever been kissed before - her lips attacking his, her tongue forcing its way in to dance with his own. Pahn knew better than to resist; he was fully aware of the effects of this elixir. Besides, why would he want to resist a woman so beautiful as Alyriel? He returned her passion, reaching one hand up to hold the back of her head, and the other down and around to rest on the small of her back. He pulled her closer, and their kiss intensified.

Her body writhed against his, trembling with passion. Her one hand remained on his throat, while the other began to rub up and down his chest. She moaned in pleasure, before tossing her head back, and pulling his lips towards her neck. He eagerly licked along her soft, white skin, surprised to find that it tasted sweet. His lips and tongue slid, first up, and then down her neck, before he bit softly on her shoulder.

With that bite, Alyriel let out a small cry, before disappearing again, in her cloud of purple smoke. Apparently, she had enough of her senses still about her to use her sorceries. Pahn was worried, for a moment, that it was all over, until he noticed that she was just across the room, seated upon a table, her legs spread, protruding from the side-slits of her dress. The front panel of her dress hung between her legs, barely maintaining modesty.

"Come to me, Alchemist," she demanded. "Get over here and take me!"

Pahn was eager to obey her orders, his hard cock now throbbing for attention. Yet, as he hurried across the room, removing his trousers, he knew he had to take a different approach. He knew the effects the elixir should be having on her; if he drove right into the main event, he'd never last long enough to satisfy her. He fell to his knees before her, pulling up the front panel of her dress to reveal her bare pussy. Realizing what was going on, Alyriel let out a moan that was caught between frustration and excitement.

With as much vigor as she had assaulted him with her kiss, he attacked her pussy with his tongue. He licked up and down and around it. He sucked the labia between his lips, running his tongue up and down along them. He plunged his tongue deeper, weaving back and forth between her pussylips, charting a course from the bottom to the top, whereat he danced around her clit.

Alyriel continued to moan with feral lust, as she grabbed Pahn's hair and pulled his face tighter against her dripping pussy. Her enthusiasm drove him forward, and he increased the intensity of his oral ministrations. The sorceress's pussy was oozing her own arousal, as the alchemist fucked her with his tongue. She wrapped her bare legs around his back and pulled him closer still.

"Yes!" she cried, "Feast upon my pussy! Give me more, more of your divine tongue! Make me squirm in pleasure! Make me cry out in ecstasy!"

Her words gave Pahn further encouragement, and he added his fingers to the mix, thrusting his middle finger as deep as it could go into her quivering pussy. With his other hand he reached up to caress the soft skin of her breasts. She squealed with delight, and placed her hand over his, forcing his caress into a rough grope.

"Yes, that's right, squeeze my breasts. Knead my flesh, and pinch my nipples. Revel in my body, for it is yours, alchemist! My body is yours!" Her last word trailed off into an intense moan, as her thighs squeezed tight around his head, and the walls of her vagina contracted around his finger. Her pussy convulsed, then gushed with liquid as she climaxed, cumming all over his face. The juices of her orgasm dribbled down his chin, his neck, and dripped all over his grey tunic.

Alyriel relaxed, for the moment, her chest heaving as she tried to control her breathing. Pahn looked up from her sopping wet pussy, and she looked down at him, her eyes still a vivid purple from the effects of the elixir. She smiled, her red lips curling seductively, a strand of dark hair hanging loose over her face. Then, she let out a long sigh, tossing her head back, arching her back, and shuddering from the aftershocks of her orgasm.

With a puff of purple smoke, she disappeared again. Before Pahn could gather his wits enough to see where she'd gone to this time, he felt her hand grab the back of his tunic, pulling him up off of his knees. Her hand then wrapped around and gripped the front of his neck, possessively, while the other hand reached down and gripped his hard cock.

He felt her warm breath caress his ear, as she whispered over his shoulder, "That was very nice, alchemist, but it was not what I asked for." Alyriel gave his cock a squeeze, and pleasure danced through his body. "I told you to take me, alchemist. I want your cock deep inside of me."

In another puff of smoke she disappeared again, but this time she brought Pahn along for the ride. It was disorienting, slightly, but more bearable than he had expected. In an instant he found himself seated in a soft chair, on the other side his workshop. It was his thinking chair, upon which he liked to mull his way through problems. Alyriel stood over him, still gripping his cock with one hand and his throat with the other.

She leaned in close, her red lips parted. "Now, I'm going to get what I wanted. You are going to take me with this big, hard cock of yours. You're going to fuck me silly, make me cum on your throbbing manhood. I'm surrendering myself to you, alchemist, so give me the pleasure I demand!"

With those words, Alyriel straddled Pahn on the chair, then sat herself down, guiding his cock to her pussy. His cock was slightly larger than average, but her pussy was so wet with arousal that there was little resistance. With one clean motion, she had him completely inside of her. A blissful shudder worked its way through the sorceress's body.

She started slow, gyrating her hips. The movements gently massaged his hard cock with the flesh of her pussy, causing Pahn to tilt his head back and let out a low moan. She felt so good! Her pussy was as velvet, caressing his cock like no lover ever had. For that matter, her skin felt wonderful, as well. Her hand was still resting on his neck, a grip that was firm, but not uncomfortable. It was as though her hold on his neck was to say that she owned him, even though she had just proclaimed that her body was his.

Alyriel's other hand, no longer holding Pahn's cock, was wandering over her own body. She grazed the supple flesh of her cleavage, then moved up to run her fingers along her own neck. Her hand went through her hair, before coming back down to grip one of her breasts. The corset still held them in place, though only just barely. With a little work, she pulled her left breast free. She moved her other hand from the front of his neck to the back, and pulled him in to suckle her breast.

Pahn eagerly went along with her guidance, taking a rosy nipple into his mouth for a long, deep suck. After sucking to the point where he was certain it may have started to hurt, he released the nipple, then proceeded to gently lick it. The transition from intense sucking to gentle flicks of the tongue sent shivers through Alyriel's body. All the while, Pahn's hands began to explore the backside of her body.

The sorceress picked up her pace, now lifting herself with her knees, then driving her pelvis down onto his cock. They were long, deliberate strokes, that were giving them, both, immense pleasure. Pahn began to work his way up from her breasts, smothering the smooth expanse of skin up to her neck with kisses, licks and nibbles. The alchemist managed to get a rhythm going. He would lick and kiss as she slowly lifted herself up off of him, then reward her with a little nip of his teeth as she drove herself down onto his cock. Lick, kiss, lift, thrust, bite, fuck.

As Alyriel increased her pace, Pahn moved on to her neck, licking and kissing his way up that beautiful white skin. She moaned as he kissed her chin, then eagerly took his lips in hers, kissing him with intense passion. They made love like that for a while, lips locked, tongues dancing, while she bounced up and down on his throbbing cock.

Pahn decided to turn the tables on her. Alyriel had been leading this whole encounter, forcing herself upon him and making demands of how he was to please her. It was time for him to take control. With one of her downstrokes, Pahn wrapped his arms tight around her back, holding her close to him. With a grunt of exertion, he stood up from the chair, carrying her with him. It broke their kiss, but his cock remained inside her. She gasped in surprised, then smiled and returned to their kiss.

Pahn carried her back over to the same table upon which she had sat while he ate out her juicy pussy. He set the sorceress down on the desk, on her back, then climbed on top of her. It was his turn to fuck her, and he did not hold back. He pounded into her pussy with vigor, his cock thrusting in and out of her gushing cunt. He smiled as he watched her full breasts bounce with each thrust.

As he continued to vigorously fuck the sorceress, he looked into her eyes. Her eyes were half-lidded, intense with lust. Within the shimmering purple irises, Pahn could see the unbridled passion that filled the sorceress. The effects of the elixir were likely putting her in a heat she had never before experienced. Her desire was so great, that he worried he may not be able to satisfy her. He was nearing the edge of orgasm, and it was taking a lot of willpower to hold it back.

"Do you have any spells, perhaps," he said, "to help me with some stamina?"

Without saying a word, Alyriel slapped a hand on his chest, and for a moment it shone with arcane energy. Pahn felt himself filled with energy, such that he felt he could keep up this pace forever. Furthermore, he felt what he could only describe as a barrier placed over his cock. Though he was close to orgasm, his cock would be able to continue on, indefinitely, without cumming. Such a simple spell to cast, it seemed, but it would ensure that they could go on fucking until the lustful sorceress was satisfied.

And so, they continued fucking. Pahn reveled in this newfound vigor. He fucked her harder than he'd ever been able to. He fucked her on the table until she came, her pussy convulsing around his cock. She then teleported them to the floor, where she rode atop his cock until she came again, shouting obscene cries of pleasure. He fucked her against a wall, then he fucked her again on his thinking chair. Between each location, they each lost additional items of clothing until they were both naked, his light skin against her even lighter skin.

As he bent her over the table, to fuck her from behind, she looked back at him, giving a wicked smile. "Your cock is so good!" she declared. "Your whole body is good; you're incredible!"

"Oh, my sweet, succulent sorceress, so are you! I will fuck you as long as you desire; I will give you every pleasure that you need!"

"There is one more pleasure, alchemist, that you can give me," she purred. "I need your pleasure!"

With those words, she slapped a hand against him again, this time on his thigh. As she did so, he felt something quite unlike anything he had ever experienced before. 

There was a pleasure, resonating from his cock. But it was spreading outward, into her body. He wasn't just feeling his own pleasure anymore, he was feeling hers. In turn, she was feeling his own pleasure. In a way that defied description, he was feeling the pleasure of having a pussy fucked, while she was feeling the pleasure of fucking a pussy.

It was surreal. It was bliss. It was the ultimate sensation.

He pulled out of her, momentarily, in order to pull her up off the table, turn her around and pick her up. He set her down on his cock, her pussy gushing her juices out as it slid down the length of his throbbing manhood. He brought his lips to her neck, kissing, licking, and biting, and he felt it all. Her red fingernails scratched at his back, and she shuddered from the pleasure it brought to her. Their shared sensation magnified the pleasure of every action.

Both of them were moaning and crying out in pleasure, as the curvy sorceress bounced atop his cock. Her cunt was trembling, a constant flow of juices leaking from it. His cock was throbbing, overwhelmed by the sensations that assaulted it. His mind was reeling, his senses overloaded, as all consciousness was consumed by the need to fuck this body that had surrendered itself to him.

Finally, Alyriel screamed in pleasure, her pussy clenching around his cock, and the barrier was broken. In unison, they both experienced mind-shattering orgasms. Her pussy convulsed with spasms of ecstacy, while his cock pulsated before unleashing great torrents of cum. She was completely filled with his cum, such that it began to leak out of her pussy and down his bare legs. Throughout the climax, Alyriel continued to grind her pussy down on Pahn's cock, sending continual waves of pleasure, crashing down on both of them.

While every other orgasm Pahn had experienced in his life began strong, then dwindled off, this one didn't seem to weaken. Instead, it was rising, the pleasure building. His cock continued to shoot cum deep inside of her, and her own pussy continued to gush juices. Their combined liquids were streaming down his legs, and pooling at their feet. Still ever-increasing tremors of pleasure reverberated throughout the both of their bodies. Every inch of his body was alive with sensation, and and all other senses were drowned in bliss.

The pleasure overwhelmed him, and Pahn was blinded by a bright purple light, the same as that which danced within Alyriel's eyes. In that moment, when the pleasure was more than his mind could comprehend, he saw into her soul. Before his eyes flashed a series of images. A young girl, cowering in the dark. An angry mob, crying in rage as a village burned behind them. That young girl, now grown into a young woman, collapsed in the rain.

Just as swiftly as the images had come, they had gone. Pahn was returned to his senses, where the powerful orgasm finally ceased. He collapsed onto the ground, Alyriel still held close to his body. The sorceress and the alchemist, both, overcome by the bliss, slipped into unconsciousness.