 Everything was perfect for two months. I’d come home from work and find Wendy in a different sexy outfit every day. Sometimes she would do a little strip for me, getting me really turned on, and then we’d make love. Other times, as soon as I walked in the door she would drop too her knees in front of me, and suck my cock until I threw her down, and fucked her like a whore. It was never the same routine, and I could never wait to get home and see what was in store.

This particular Friday I had to work a little late. I smiled with anticipation as I walked up the sidewalk and found the door cracked open. I knew it was going to be a fun night. I pushed the door open quietly and stuck my head inside. 

WHAMMM!!! A billion fireworks exploded in my head! I woke slowly. Dried blood had caked on the side of my cheek and my cranium was throbbing in intense pain. Before opening my eyes I took stock of my situation. I found I couldn’t move and my hands and legs were bound with duct tape. I was in a setting position and felt the chill of air on my naked flesh. 

Blearily, I unlocked my eyelids. I was on one of the wooden chairs a few feet from the side of our bed. As my vision came into focus I saw Wendy. She had been tethered with leather straps in spread eagle fashion on the bed. My little pixie was whimpering, trembling as she stared silently toward the foot of the bed. 

Painfully I turned in the direction of her gaze, fury instantly welling up inside me. Betty and her enormously hung master were standing there, grinning evilly at us. I tried to shout, only too find my mouth covered with the sticky ribbon.  

Betty was wearing her usual black high heels and had stripped down to her crotch less black fishnet stockings. Her breasts were sticking straight out and she was stroking her naked leaders massive organ while she glowered at Wendy. Even though my stomach was queasy from the pain, my cock was getting hard from the erotic vision. 

Betty was a glorious sight. More so then when we were married. Somehow this evil life had made her more alluring then ever. Her legs, ass, breasts, and small waist were more defined then I remembered, and her facial features had a corporeal ardor I had never seen. 

When she saw I was fully awake she turned to her black lover. “Roger, its time to begin”, she said. Roger nodded and clapped his hands. A man in a dryad costume entered the room, and began drawing a pentagram on the hardwood floor around the bed. He placed a candle at each point, then scribbled some kind of markings inside the drawing. 

Wendy screamed in horror as he produced a frantic chicken, swiftly slitting its throat. Stepping toward Wendy, he held the hysterical foul above her letting its warm lifeblood spatter onto her naked flesh. 

Wendy screamed in horror trying to twist away from the liquid as it splashed in tepid little puddles on her flawless skin. He began to recite a strange mantra, and Betty released her grip on Roger’s massive shaft, advancing to the foot of the bed. 

“Well, precious little niece, or should I say slut, how do you like fucking your uncle”? “I love it”; Wendy sobbed! “Hmmm, maybe you should try auntie then, before your real treat arrives”, Betty sneered, lowering her head between Wendy’s perfect thighs. The petite girl struggled ineffectively against the tight restraints, as Betty’s dexterous tongue found her tight canal. My incestuous little mistress closed her eyes, stiffening her body as the wicked beauty worked expertly on her shaven burrow. 

Roger had been watching intently while his licentious servant enjoyed herself on Wendy’s delicate plunder. Betty’s ass beckoned directly in front of him causing his beastly cock was to become steel. In one swift motion he stepped forward grabbing her hips and sank his gigantic ridged organ to the hilt in Betty’s hot cunt. “JESUSSSSSSS, FUCKING GOD! YESSSSSSSSSSSS”!!! She screamed. Rearing her head back momentarily, she lunged her tongue feverishly back into Wendy’s pouting mound. Roger pistoned steadily in and out of her decadent pussy, causing her entire body to shudder uncontrollably. As their passion escalated, the chanting in the background grew louder, more fervent and a sense of dreadful energy seemed to fill the air. 

Suddenly the air itself felt as if it ripped apart. For a split second the oxygen vanished, and a loud crackling noise filled the room. The ensuing shock as the air came back together caused a tremendous jolt knocking Betty and Roger onto the floor, and nearly tipped me over. 

My chair banged back on all four legs and dread welled up in me. Standing over Wendy was a strange entity. From the waist up he looked like a bronze God, muscular with long golden hair. His face had the appearance of royalty and he exuded confidence. His eyes were brilliant green and held a power that demanded servitude. He wore a silver type of covering from the waist down. 

He darted his eyes toward Roger and when he spoke it was as if the entire room shook from the authority of his voice. “You summoned me”. “What is my offering”? Roger fell to his knees shaking, his eyes toward the floor. With a trembling finger he pointed to Wendy and said, “it is she, master”. Slowly the incubus looked toward the blood splattered girl and spoke. “Yes”. 

Wendy was in total panic. She shrieked in mortal terror, violently fighting against her tights bonds. The unnatural aggressor sneered, and reaching down unfastened his covering and it fell to the floor. 

Wendy’s face turned white as snow. His legs, thighs, and hips were covered in fur and his feet were as cloven hooves. Bulging muscles rippled powerfully beneath the whitish fleece. 

Wendy’s eyes fixed on his extraordinary member. She could see every blood vein through the translucent flesh. It became redder as her stare persisted. As if braided like a hemp rope the animated muscles corkscrewed in twisting bulges down the length of the magnificent organ. At the uncircumcised head they stopped, revealing an immense opening in the end of the living tube. Beneath the unholy instrument hung one giant testical. Knowing the small doll like human beneath him was fascinated, he expanded the muscles of the ungodly instrument like you would flex an arm muscle. Each braid of twisted steel bulged in synchronized unison, and Wendy’s mouth fell open in disbelief. 

She knew what he was going to do and mustering all her courage, managed a meager plea. “P,,,pleeeease don’t”. Her appeal went unheeded as he stepped arrogantly to the end of the bed, and without hesitation positioned his bizarre body above her. Tears of despair ran down Wendy’s dainty cheeks. She closed her eyes, biting her lower lip to keep from screaming in pain at the brutal invasion she was helpless to prevent. 

Instead of screaming in pain as I expected, a moan of luxuriant ecstasy escaped her throat and she urgently husked, “oooooooh God yessssssssssssss”!!! With another wave of his hand her bonds fell loose and Wendy instantly wrapped her legs around the Mephistophelean incubus, and began exploring his body with her nimble touch. 

His irreverent cock was unlike anything she had ever imagined. As it corkscrewed into her stretched passage it pulsated with a warm electric throbbing, flooding her petite body in torrents of superhuman ecstasy. As her quivering pussy blazed in heated passion the demon expanded his twisted organ by willpower alone and Wendy became frenzied with lust. 

Erotic noises from my side caught my attention and I turned my head to find Betty on her hands and knees being viciously assaulted in the ass by Rogers monster cock. My malevolent x wife was slowly being banged toward my rigid member, and I was elated when she bounced close enough too slide her hot throat over my throbbing knob. 

It only took a few strokes of her hot mouth and tongue to make me cum a huge load. She eagerly swallowed my sperm then refocused on the giant thrusting into her. 

Wendy had begun screaming vulgar praises to her demonic assailant. Her nubile body twisted to and fro as she flung herself deliriously against the beast. With insatiable zeal Wendy asserted Lucifer as her new God and master. She was lost to this underworld of malevolent gratification. In wicked abandon she swore devotion to her new deity and I knew I’d lost the second woman I loved to this cult. 

Finally the beast reached his zenith, causing his softball-sized nut to unleash an aberrant magnitude of satanic seed deep into Wendy’s impassioned chamber. Wendy screamed in ecstasy, cummmmmmminnnng!!! She shook violently before falling back to the bed panting. After a few moments the demon knelt down and whispered in her ear. 

I watched intently as Wendy’s satisfied gaze turned toward me. Something wild and hateful filled her eyes. Without pause she opened the drawer of the nightstand and removed the pistol I kept there. The next instant she aimed and pulled the trigger. 

I woke in the hospital two weeks later. The bullet had barely missed my brain and part of my left ear had to be reconstructed. It would be another two weeks before I could go home, but I was already making plans for revenge. I was pissed. 

No fucking weirdo was going to screw my women, beat me, and have me shot and live. I didn’t care if I had to fight all Hell, and it’s demons, someone would pay. All I had to do was figure out how, and I had a good idea where to start.