 Copyright PennameWombat January 2019

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

This is Part 3, part 1 can be found in "Carole at the Art Lecture" and part 2 in "Carole at Dinner," in 'NonHuman.'

Tags: Anal Sex, College, Cum Swallowing, Cunnilingus, Fellatio, FFM, Outdoor Sex, Exhibitionism, Succubus, Threeway

*****



1 A Quiet Time



Shadowed light came through the little basement window above my bed, it only had a thin curtain because the sun never hit it directly nor did any streetlights. I was alone but I saw Carole's bag and change of clothes still on the chair. As my brain came fully online I thought I heard sounds from the main floor so I pulled on a pair of gym shorts and a hopefully clean t-shirt and trotted to the rec room door where I saw two sets of clothes still strewn about but the wine bottle and glasses were gone. I hit the bathroom then went upstairs.

Carole was just pushing the Mr. Coffee on button as I turned the corner at the top of the stairs. She was wearing one of my t-shirts which easily covered a third of the way down her shapely thighs. I guessed it was from a few on the floor of the open closet that were bound for charity as they were too small for me but that meant it was nicely snug on her. The thin fabric didn't detract either. She turned when she heard me and smiled.

"It doesn't look like your housemate ever made it home," she said, "guess he got lucky."

"Don't tell his girlfriend that..." I trailed off as I looked over the dining room table and out the large bay window at the empty spot where Phil's car would've been had it been there. Had he been here and left early? Herb wouldn't be home until Sunday night so that left us alone.

"You okay, babe," she looked at me with a slight frown, "something wrong?"

"Saw a light last night," I shrugged then stepped forward, "outside the bedroom, assumed it was Phil. Just a dream I guess,yesterday was quite the day."

She had a momentarily worried look on her face but then smiled at me and stepped forward, we embraced and touched our mouths softly, pulled back, then kissed harder with open mouths as my cock surprised us by reacting. She moved her head back a bit.

"How can this be," she said with a smile as she pressed herself against my groin, "I drained you dry yesterday."

"That was yesterday."

She backed up and gripped the waistband of my shorts and pulled me along. When she reached the dining room table she pushed down my shorts and my erection sprang free. She pulled the t-shirt off and set it over the back of a chair. I lifted her so she could rest her ass on the table and she opened her legs. I bent over and licked from the bottom to the top of her gash, reversed my direction, pushed my tongue into her hole. I worked my way up again and found her clit to suck on as she caressed my head and neck. As she started to puff her breaths she pulled me up.

I adjusted my feet to match the height of her wet pussy and slid my stiff erection slowly into her. I felt slightly worse for the wear from yesterday and her face told me she was feeling some discomfort but her eyes were slotted showing the pleasure. I kept myself slow and measured as one of her hands rubbed my chest, the other rubbed her clit and the shaft of my cock.

I saw her eyes close as her mouth opened in an 'O' and her fingers pressed my shaft. She wrapped her legs to further convince me to stop while I was at full penetration, her pussy squeezing me as she climaxed. I bent over and kissed her softly and slowly.

"C'mon," I said quietly, "I think the coffee's ready. I need to replenish my liquids."

Her legs opened to allow me to slowly pull my wet prick from her. I took her hands as she rose up, I held her under the arms to help her off the table. She reached up and kissed me then nudged me away so I reached to retrieve and pull my shorts back on, my erection at half mast, as she slipped the t-shirt on.

"How do you take your coffee?" I asked as I pulled two mugs out of the cupboard.

"Have milk?" I nodded and pulled a plastic jug out of the fridge.

She poured a bit into her mug and I filled it with coffee.

"You have a picnic table out back, right?"

I nodded and led us out the side door and to the plastic furniture in the backyard. I had a fleeting thought that the curtain in the little window in my basement bedroom rippled slightly as we walked past, did I leave the window open a bit? I'd sometimes open it and maybe did before I'd left last night. The night had been comfortable and it was still cool out but by all indications another day of very unMarch like summery heat coming up in the still air. She lifted the t-shirt and put her bare ass and thighs on my lap.

"I think we need breakfast," I said to her smile and nod, "and I think we need somewhere the opposite of last night."

"That would be my cooking," she said gaily, "beyond inedible."

"Don't worry, the food is quite nice but the decor, um, well. Old linoleum. Finish our coffees and get cleaned up. Guess we should collect the clothes from the rec room."

"Have plans later?"

"Meet some guys to play Ultimate Frisbee at 3," I said, "otherwise nothing. Probably just hang out with them or whatever. If no better offer."

"At a park?" I nodded, assuming she meant the Ultimate.

"If you want company," was the beginning of an offer, "take me by my place after breakfast so I can get another change and my book, I'd like to watch. We could get pizza later. And once your liquids are replenished..."

"Sounds good, this weekend's a lull in studying then the next few weeks will be pretty hellacious," the word just popped into my mind, "special project at school."

"How much REST you'll get is up to you, but I'll try to help you have a nice weekend. The 'hell' part won't be up to me."

I turned and she did too and we kissed to confirm the deal.



2 Settling In



I refilled our coffee mugs to take downstairs then we gathered up the loose clothing and took our showers and got dressed. Her shorts were complimentary but the flow of the spaghetti strap top around her matchless bust promised to keep me distracted to the point I was glad I had no need of dedicated mental pursuits for the day. She folded her clothes from the previous night and packed them in her bag. I pulled on a pair of thin denim shorts and a bright blue lightweight button-down shirt that was in my closet and was, um, highly recommended. She put her clothes bag in the trunk and carried her thin sweater with her as we got into the car.

"We're eating breakfast at," Carole paused reading the building's name mid-sentence as I pulled the Mustang into a parking spot and her eyes scrunched a bit, "the Medical Towers Building?"

"I told you it couldn't be more different from La Caille. It's kind of a hidden gem though."

"Gem?"

"Well, shiny rock maybe."

I led her to the west end of the building and just inside the door down a set of stairs into the basement, her expression of doubt not lessening. At the bottom of the stairs the aroma of eggs and bacon became unmissable and the blocked-open glass door simply had "Cafe" in large white pasted on letters.

An olive-skinned woman with her dark hair in a bun and wearing a white waitress dress smiled at us as we stepped in. The front room was a counter that faced the open kitchen, the Greek owner-cook busy at a large flattop grill with stations of hash browns, bacon and sausages in their assigned sections, an order of pancakes bubbling and fried eggs each in their domains on the grill. The counter offered a row of stools from where you could watch your food be prepared and over time admire the mastery of the lone virtuoso who did all of the cooking. A sous-chef handled prep to keep him supplied and the waitress, the cook's wife, served the tables and handled the cash register.

There was a row of tables along the wall opposite the counter, all for now occupied. The counter offered a couple of free stools but with occupied stools between them.

"There are a couple of tables in the back," the waitress told us, "I'll be there in a few minutes."

"No rush," I said, minor disappointment at not getting the counter, "we'll find a spot."

"Smells good," Carole said as I led her through the doorway into the back, then she bumped into me when I stopped quickly, "hey, wha..."

I stepped forward slowly and Carole took my hand.

"What's up," she said, at first looking at me then following my gaze, "oh, I see."

The redhead facing me had her face moving from a smile to something less welcoming, her brunette companion reading her face and turning around to eye us, I recognised her as Vicki's roommate Mary Beth. Vicky was a couple of inches taller than Carole with a small but seemingly shapely bust and slightly oversize hips and ass, Mary Beth a bit taller again, thin and the opposite, fairly prominent breasts and almost no hips. Both were cute with their near equal shoulder-blade length hair in loose ponytails but plainer than Carole, although that covered just about all of the women on campus, and both were wearing shorts more modest than Carole's and nicely fitting t-shirts.

I'd never heard Vicki mention this place and I'd never brought her here, not having a 'morning after' to deal with, but here she was. We'd been out on 'real' dates three times and had a few other casual meetups like lunch on campus. Nothing beyond some kissing and a bit of clothes on petting had taken place and I'd intentionally not been in touch with her in the past week. Carole had not been wrong in my feelings of frustration but if I had to admit it a key factor in my frustration wasn't simply with Vicky but largely the hangover from my previous time with Carole. The one saving grace in a way for me with Vicky had been her relatively plain manner, not that she dressed overly conservatively, but that she didn't play up what figure she had, not leading me to expect more than I had gotten.

The room we'd entered was not huge, a row of five booths along one wall and eight tables along the other three walls. There was a free booth directly across from Vicki and Mary Beth or a table at the far wall, meaning a transit directly past them. I felt Carole's arm entwined with mine and a nudge, a quick glance showed a jaunty smile, this room being insulated from direct exposure to the large grill meant the air conditioning was having its expected effect on her nipples in the opaque but thin and skin tight top. She had her sweater in her free hand but was making no move to don it and as she had at La Caille she kept her posture firm to maximise the view of her bust with their nipples demanding increased attention.

Carole's comments had made clear she knew of Vicky but by her expression it seemed she knew her by sight as well. 'A succubus studies her rivals' popped unbidden into my thoughts. A bit more urging and we stepped forward.

"Hi, Vicky," I said woodenly but there was nothing for it, "Mary Beth. This is Carole."

"Good morning," Carole smiled broadly, "nice to meet you."

"Enjoy breakfast," Vicky said tightly, Mary Beth just looked between her roommate and Carole and nodded, the other two women looked more at each other more than either looked at me. One good thing, the check was already on their table so this shouldn't drag out. We all nodded at each other and Carole and I continued on to the far table, I sensed a shadow or something but when I turned all I saw was the waitress delivering food to one of the booths and over my other shoulder a red ponytail hanging between hunched shoulders.

"That was exciting," said Carole a bit more brightly than was maybe proper as we sat down, "but I'm not sure she'll be wanting to see you again. What's good here?"

I sighed, smiled a bit.

"Probably right," I said and saw a sour look then just loose red hair out of the corner of my eye, "I like the Home Run, scrambled eggs, hash browns, sausage, bacon AND ham. If you really want over the top ask for cheese on top of it all. Frees me from needing lunch. Or sometimes dinner."

"Bit much for me," she laughed, "just some eggs, toast and hash browns."

I noticed one last look my way as Vicki and Mary Beth stood to leave while the waitress was taking our orders. I skipped the Home Run and went with just the sausage, not the whole breakfast meat set.

Carole seemed to enjoy her breakfast as much as her La Caille meal. The food here was good for what it was but I think the encounter was most of it.

I dropped Carole by her house where she refreshed her clothing bag and grabbed some study materials and after chauffeuring her for a couple of errands she wanted to do we made it to Fairmont Park for Ultimate. She put down a blanket under a row of trees alongside the playing area with her book. Our game was coed and I was the victim of some good-natured ribbing, my favorite when one woman with eye contact with Carole told me 'when she's tired of you send her my way.'

Whether it was that, some sort of hangover from the previous evening's wine or the morning's encounter with Vicki I had the nagging feeling that our game was being watched from the stand of trees behind Carole. I scanned the trees and something left bits of grassy parts of the park beyond looking like through a heat haze while I was subbed out and taking a drink standing next to Carole. But when I blinked things were clear.

"Nice calves," I heard as I felt fingers tracing down the inside of my sweaty left leg, I looked down and smiled back. When I looked up again all I saw were others enjoying the summery spring weather in the park. There was a shout as one team scored behind me and I leaned over to set my water down and gave Carole a quick kiss then trotted onto the field.



3  Doughnuts Trump All



I was an undergraduate in Computer Science but a chance discussion with a TA had spiraled into a role with mostly grad students on a project looking at Artificial Intelligence. I'd had an idea to generalise expert system auto-adaptation so it could 'learn' and that had impressed the professor enough for him to sponsor me on Independent Study to count toward my degree. That meant most of my weekdays I was pretty full out with normal class load and the project but we'd all agreed to leave Friday afternoons open to decompress and let our brains recover. The art lecture was usually a nice brain relaxing bookend to my week, this last one exceeded all expectations to turn my brain to jelly.

Carole and I found our pattern, I would generally pick her up after my Friday art lecture, April refusing to continue the summer trend with wet, cool weather which meant little opportunity for a repeat performance. We'd meet occasionally for lunch on campus and she'd spend the weekends at my place. She stockpiled a variety of mostly casual clothes in my closet although she didn't leave any underwear behind, save for the two pair she'd silently decided I could keep. On the warmer days she just didn't wear any and on other days she packed a clean pair along but didn't let me wipe up any more cum with the already-worn ones.

So I was surprised on a cool and wet Wednesday afternoon in late April while our workgroup was meeting in a computer lab on the fourth floor of the Engineering building. I'd begged off lunch with Carole since we could get the whole team together and it was now just before 3:00 and we were still mired in a variety of seemingly intractable issues. Our main problem was computer time, we had an allowance on the TOPS-20 system but what we really needed was about four times that level of hardware. We had five weeks left in the quarter and after that the Professor who sponsored our work only had money to support two students over the summer and those would come from the grad student contingent. That meant the rest of us would need to fend for ourselves until fall quarter in September and that added an extra frisson of anxiety.

The six of us, all male nerds in our early 20s, had fallen into a silent funk waiting for someone to come up with a useful idea and to a man we all jumped when the door opened since this room wasn't a general purpose lab, it required a key card to open, and there weren't too many people who had those.

It was Janet, a cute, if pudgy, brunette who was one of the CS department front office secretaries. She was competent and friendly and tended to dress in shapeless pants or the occasional below the knee dress, today it was loose jeans in recognition of the weather. She held the door most of the way open and stepped halfway in.

"Peter," she started as she scanned, "you in... ah, there you are."

I turned to look over my left shoulder.

"Hi Janet, what's up?"

"Someone looking for you," she stepped in and made space. Carole followed her in, a big smile on her beautiful face. She wore calf-high brown boots with at least three inch heels, skin-tight jeans and a form-fitting but opaque long-sleeved powder blue scoop neck shirt. Having been able to closely study her naked I could tell by the cut of the exposed cleavage and the slight swelling under the cloth not more than one or two threads prevented the exposure of areolas unbound due to an obvious lack of a bra beneath her shirt.

Held just below her bust was a large Winchell's box but my guess was I was the only one who'd seen it as yet.

"It struck me," Carole said as she stopped a couple of feet from me, looked first at me then wove the box around to the crowd to draw their attention reluctantly away from more interesting sights, "that you all might be in need of some sustenance to get you through this interminable meeting."

She turned slightly and put the box on a countertop next to a coffee maker which had a few ounces of cold sludgy black liquid in the bottom, then with her back to the room she bent over a bit more than absolutely necessary, her audience dead silent. The she walked over to me, put her hands on my shoulders and leaned over and kissed me, hard and open mouthed.

"I think my job is done," Janet said jauntily and I heard the door close and a couple of throats clearing in the room. Carole broke the kiss and swiveled to stand behind me, again leaning with her head near mine then she pulled my left hand up to my shoulder and held it. I didn't have the angle they all did but the vacant, fish-eyed expressions were sufficient testament to their views.

"Everyone, this is Carole," I said, "deliverer of fine pastries."

"And his sweet, adoring, girlfriend," she added as she kissed my cheek, "now, how late are you all going to be keeping my lover? One of my sisters is going to drop me at his place so I can arrange a nice dinner. Then, if he's too late, I might have to take my own satisfaction in hand."

"Oh, dinner?" I asked. I'd given her a key with my housemates knowledge. I figured they hoped she'd lounge around the place wearing next to nothing. Which she did do, at least often enough for them to appreciate but not so often they took for granted.

"Change of plans, going to stand me up?"

"Not a chance, lover, we'll be done here in a couple of hours. Well, I'll be done, my brain is already liquefying," a couple of nods and soft chuckles at that.

"Then," she nudged me to turn my head and kiss her, quickly and open mouthed, our tongues pressed for a count of three until she moved and stood, still holding my hand, "I'm off. Janet was so kind to bring me up here, she still has my coat. Nice to meet all of you!"

I stood up still holding her hand and she led me slightly, at the door she stopped and turned and with her free hand waved, "bye" to a roomful of tentative waves back.
