 Author's Notes: 

First of all, thank you to all of you who took the time to read my first chapter, and a special thanks to those who left a comment. As I said before, this is my first foray into sci-fi, and I was very pleased at the response that I received. 

Obviously, Carson's worldview took some big hits in the first chapter of this story. Now we'll begin to see where the rabbit-hole takes him. In this chapter, Carson finds out more about what the project will do for him, along with his roles, responsibilities and rights as a breeder in the program. He begins to get his house in order, literally, as he adjusts to life as the husband of three stunningly beautiful women. 

My plan is for this series to have 8 installments, with this being the 2nd. There will be a lot of sex, but each chapter should have quite a bit of action as well. 

There is not now, nor will there ever be, depictions of sex with minors in any of my stories. Whatever social norms are violated by my fictional characters, that will not be among them. Officially put, all sexual activity depicted in this story takes place between people 18 years of age or older. 

-MB 

***** 

Carson's announcement certainly got the attention of his current wife, one of his future wives, and his mother-in-law. His nonchalance in tossing that bombshell at them indicated that he didn't understand the significance of what he'd just said at all. Carson was a Jayne, which though thought to have been extinguished, remained a genesis line for the project. The same was true for the Corven line the ran through the three Livingstone women who now sat stunned into silence. The Cross line was also a genesis line with one difference: The Cross family had hundreds of years of history in selective breeding. Originally settled in the Scottish Highlands, they had been clan chieftains from the earliest of days, assuming titles of nobility when such a thing became fashionable, even briefly holding the throne of Scotland. Their family had unknowingly been running Orriri's project long before it came into actual existence. 

In short, theirs was a golden line. 

The members of the Cross family were viewed a little differently from most of the progenitors in the project. For one, while they certainly supported the goals Orriri had for society, they were just as concerned with attaining personal perfection. They believed that man had untapped capabilities locked within his genetic code, if only the right key could be found. With that end in mind, they were even more selective with their mates than the other lines. 

And now, Carson was going to marry Samantha Cross? It was at once exciting and curious. 

"What is it they know, I wonder," Helena mused, speaking aloud but really to herself. 

Mara was still in shock over how well the evening had gone so far. Her relief at Carson's seeming acceptance of this sharp change in circumstance was so great that she was having trouble focusing on anything else. Her life looked to be returning to its designated path, and she was thrilled at that. After that, it really didn't matter to her what women occupied his bed, especially once she got pregnant. But she'd met Samantha a few times through the years, and she was genuinely excited for Carson. The redhead was a stunning beauty, but also possessed a lovely personality and sharp wit. If she was really going to be Carson's wife, their house would benefit greatly. 

Mila's voice brought Mara back into the discussion. "How many men do you think Samantha has refused through the years?" she asked. 

It was a good question. There had been so many rumors through the years about just what the Cross family's end game was. Some whispers hinted at seeking absolute physical perfection, some at intellectual capacity, while others hinted at more...fanciful...concerns, like the development of mental powers. Mara had never really put a lot of stock into those rumors, but it did beg the question of just what they were looking for. She knew for sure that at least half a dozen candidates from prime stock had sought to pair with Samantha through the years with absolutely no success. 

Mara replied, "More than a few. I know of a couple that I would have considered if I hadn't met Carson." 

Mila looked at her pointedly and asked, "Why do you think that Samantha wants Carson?" 

Shaking her head, Mara shrugged her off. "I don't really know. There have always been questions about the selection criteria they've used. You know that." 

Helena might be their mother. But given the unique nature of female relationships within the project, her daughters had been more like sisters or best friends once they'd reached adulthood. There were literally no topics off-limits. So, what came out of her mouth next wasn't a surprise to either of her daughters. 

"Maybe she heard about how good Carson is in bed and wanted to try him out." Her eyes were twinkling a little, but underneath, the thought of her son-in-law stirred flames she'd never felt for another man. She'd been thrilled with Mara's choice for a mate, true, but her love for him had morphed through the years into something entirely different, something much more primal. As a result, she'd been almost as anxious for Carson's induction into the project as her daughters. 

"Mother!" the twins gasped simultaneously in mock embarrassment before giggling excitedly. 

Her question gave Mara pause, but not for long. She'd never had the chance to tell extol Carson's virtues to Samantha. Otherwise, she'd have been happy to share whatever salacious details she could. Carson was that good. He had the body of a god anyway, but the first time he dropped his pants for her and 9" of thick, hardened steel were revealed, she'd almost swooned in excitement. Things only got better from there. Carson was a patient lover, and he never failed to take Mara to the highest of heights long before he spent himself within her. Beyond having the largest cock she'd ever had, Carson knew how to use it. He varied his angle and tempo, frequently shifted positions, and knew exactly when to take charge and when to back off. 

Just thinking about her husband was making Mara wet. She finished off the last of her wine in a gulp, and then stood, saying, "Speaking of how good my husband is in bed...I'll bid you both a good night. Please lock up on the way out." 

Her sister and mother chuckled at her departing form, neither all that interested in leaving just yet. The stories they'd heard about Carson were like ambrosia to their respective libidos. They looked into each other's eyes, and in silent agreement, they each settled back to sip their wine and enjoy the soundtrack. 

They didn't have to wait long. Mara was not a quiet lover anyway, but she had a pretty good idea that her sister and mother were still in the house listening and held nothing back. Her cries of ecstasy, begging her husband to take her harder, to cum in her pussy and knock her up, were so intoxicating, that it wasn't long before each woman was flushed and squirming, nipples hard as bullets. If they could have seen the powerful display Carson was putting on, it's likely neither could have stopped herself from burying her fingers in her pussy and frigging at the sight. 

Carson had luxuriated in the shower longer than usual after washing, allowing the cascade of hot water to ease his tensions. When Mara joined him, completely nude and obviously aroused, he immediately sprang to readiness. She'd had the same effect on him since the first time she'd undressed for him. The Livingstone twins were on the tall side, about 5' 10". Years of training in aerobics, gymnastics and dance had given the ladies strong bodies, muscular without being masculine. To Carson's delight, they broke the athletic mold in one key feature: breasts. Mara and her sister, he guessed, had large, bell-shaped boobs with long, upturned nipples. He loved to play with them, but he was also intoxicated by watching them sway ponderously when she rode him cowgirl or he took her hard. 

He'd barely opened his mouth when his wife plastered her body to his, crushing his lips with her own. Their passionate kisses quickly worked her into a frenzy, and when Carson slid his hand down to the familiar pussy that she kept bare for him, it was obvious that she didn't need any more encouragement. 

Barely breaking stride, she gasped, "In me. I need you in me now." 

Carson lined himself up and slammed home in one forceful thrust, triggering a loud groan of satisfaction. Mara wrapped her arms around his neck, begging for more. "Take me my love. I've missed you so much. I'm so proud and happy right now. Love me and make me yours." 

Whenever she asked Carson to make her his, he knew it was code for a little rougher play. He'd learned through the years that Mara had a bit of a submissive streak in her, one that became more apparent the more worked up she was. When it appeared, she liked for him to use her for his pleasure and nothing more. Hearing her words now, he spun her without pulling out until her back was against the wall of the shower. He jammed himself into while pulling her legs up to wrap around his waist. Then he proceeded to try and fuck her through the wall. 

Mara always loved it when Carson was rough. He never hurt her, which was good, because she wasn't into pain. But when she was stiff and sore because of how vigorously he'd used her, it was validation that her man was an alpha. He deserved to have whatever he could take. Tonight was no different, and Carson was pounding her harder than she could ever remember. Her cries echoed in the shower and bathroom, and carried throughout their small house. Her encouragement only added fuel to the fire; something about the things he'd learned in the last few days had ignited a deep longing within himself, and it was coming out through his hips. He didn't give any thought to the possibility of others being in the house. He simply pounded his wife to prove a point. 

It might not have been his purpose, but Mara took everything he gave gladly, experiencing two smaller orgasms as he worked his way to completion. She felt him swelling within her, even as he continued to thrust vigorously, and when he growled and came into her, she vibrated as a powerful orgasm swept through her body. It was so intense that she sank her teeth into his shoulder, biting him hard enough to just break the skin. 

As the lovers came down from their high, kissing and lovingly stroking each other as they washed away the evidence of their coupling, the women in their living room were looking at each other in astonishment. 

Helena was the first to speak. With a little smirk, she asked, "Are you sure you can handle that?" 

It was all Mila could do not to march into her future husband's bedroom and beg him to take her right now. What she'd just heard was the soundtrack to her fantasies ever since she met Carson. She looked at her mother like she was an alien and said, "Are you fucking kidding me? My panties are sopping right now. How am I supposed to wait any longer after hearing that?" 

Helena didn't have any advice for her. She was going through the same thing, and she was further down the list than Mila. The wait until she experienced Carson herself was going to take forever. 

***** 

Carson's new life began a few days after his initial visit to "the tower." The structure actually had a high-minded name that went along with its cover as the headquarters for a reproductive health network, but try as he might, Carson could never think of it as anything other than "the tower." Walking in that first day, he felt shaky and nervous, still not quite sure that this was really happening or what it was going to mean. Just as he'd always done, however, Carson had gathered his information and made a decision; it helped that the real uncertainty had been removed from the equation once he knew his wife's true desires. After that, it was a relatively easy decision. 

Gaining access to the atrium again, Carson was surprised to find the giant, Edwards, waiting for him. He hadn't expected to see the man again until he conveyed his decision to join the program. Nevertheless, he was ready and waiting when Carson arrived. Falling into step alongside the smaller man, Edwards said, "Good morning, Mr. Jayne. I'm very pleased to see you this morning." 

"Good morning, Edwards. I must say, I'm a little surprised to see you this morning. I assumed that it would be some time before we met again." 

Edwards simply smiled and said, "I had some business here already, but when I caught a glimpse of you coming in, I wanted to check in with you. I am hopeful that your appearance here means that you've decided to be a part of the solution." 

They were approaching the elevators, which Carson activated with his card as before. He turned to Edwards and said, "Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less." 

The big man's forehead wrinkled as he thought for just a moment, before he smiled and said, "Marie Curie. Very good, Mr. Jayne. Very good. I believe we'll get along just fine." 

Edwards didn't accompany Carson to his office that day, but Carson could tell that they were destined for a strong friendship. 

Once the door to his office opened, Carson took a few steps in and stopped, feeling the reality of his new life for the first time. This is all real, he thought. In his preoccupation, he hadn't heard the approach of his assistant/fianceé, Samantha. He was caught off-guard when he felt her hands slide around his torso to hug him from behind. She pressed her bosom against his back, while leaning her cheek against the back of his shoulder. 

He was surprised to hear the emotion in her voice when she softly said, "I was so afraid that you weren't coming back. I've waited so long to meet someone like you. I don't know what I would have done if you'd turned us down." 

Carson turned in her arms, and they automatically rose to embrace his neck. He smiled at her and said, "This is all still new, but I want you to know that I am very much looking forward to getting to know you very, very, well." Then he leaned down and gently kissed her lips. Her eyes were still closed, her teeth worrying her lower lip, as she savored the memory of his kiss. When she looked into his eyes again, he was captivated by the depth of the blue in hers. He reached up and tucked a loose strand of her hair behind her ear and said, "You really are unbelievably beautiful. I'm a very lucky man." 

"And you're the hottest man I've ever seen," she replied. "You have no idea the things I want to do to you right now." 

Carson groaned, knowing that he had other things in store for him this morning besides luxuriating in bed with a beautiful woman. His displeasure was met with a twinkling in her eyes. 

She took pity on him, stepping to the side while slipping her hand into his. "Come on. Xavier's already in your office." 

He allowed himself to be dragged along, marveling once again as the seemingly solid wall dematerialized on his approach. Xavier Sloane stood as they entered the office and extended his hand. "Welcome to Orriri, Mr. Jayne." 

"Thank you, Xavier," said Carson as he shook. "Please, call me Carson. We're going to be working together after all." 

Knowing Carson the way that he did from his pre-contact research, Xavier shouldn't have been surprised. Years of being looked down upon by other progenitors, though, had taught him that they viewed him as a tool. Valuable, for sure, but a tool nonetheless. His estimation of Carson rose even more. "Thank you, sir. I appreciate the gesture more than you might think, but others that I work with are less...familiar...with me. I'm afraid that it might cause me more difficulties than it's worth if I break protocol now." 

Carson had dealt with people like those Xavier was describing for years, and it never ceased to get his dander up. He recognized the utility of positional authority, but to hold it over someone so that they couldn't even be on a first name basis? It never made any sense to him. "Suit yourself. If you ever change your mind, that will never be a problem with me." After a pause, he asked, "So, what's first? How do we begin?" 

They moved to take seats in the sitting area. Samantha placed a coffee service on the table and poured them each a cup before taking her seat next to Carson. Simply being this close to him was doing interesting things to her body. It was intoxicating and surprising. The strength of her response triggered a long-forgotten memory of a conversation with her parents. Something about a golden key, she thought. She made a note to herself to discuss it with her family and focused back into the conversation between her future husband and Xavier. 

Xavier opened his portfolio and passed a sheet of paper over to Carson, who read over it as he began speaking. "As you might imagine, given the project's interest in promoting specific genetics throughout the population gene pool, we have conducted significant research into ways of maximizing the success of Orriri men attracting female candidates. After all, the vast majority of women will not see a need to visit one of our clinics, won't have Orriri babies, and will continue to influence society's collective genetics away from our goals. In short, we need to make sure that our men are able to impregnate women regardless of their relationship with other men." 

"I'm not sure I'm all that comfortable with that idea," replied Carson. 

"I can understand that, sir, but let me give you the background. If you choose not to impregnate women beyond your marriage and arranged liaisons with unattached females, that will still work. It simply lengthens the timeline. Other progenitors are not quite so sanguine about non-Orriri relationships, however. You would be rather unique, in that aspect. 

"Much of our project is based around observations of the animal kingdom and investigations into remnants of genetic traits within our DNA coding that we suspect hint at a rather more sophisticated human being than is often thought of in ancient history. You may or may not be aware that monogamy is a phenomenon that is relatively unique to the human species. Lion prides, for example, consist of 1 or 2 males and 5-7 females. This ensures that the very best genes are the ones promoted most widely. Our scientists believe that it was the normalization of monogamous relationships in society through primarily religious tenets that began a long deterioration in our collective genome. 

"As that continued, more and more of the traits that made males 'male' were lost, as were a number of mechanisms that encouraged selection of alpha males for breeding. Things like human pheromone production, for example." 

Carson held up his hand. "Are you telling me that we believe humans once had the ability to signal each other for readiness or fitness to mate?" 

Xavier cleared his throat, and with a little smile said, "No. I'm telling you that we know that humans are capable of it." 

Still skeptical, Carson replied, "'Are capable?' I thought you said that the ability was lost." 

"Mr. Jayne, it was lost. But, no longer. We know exactly where in the genome the information is and how to activate it. We have also found that while pheromone production was lost as a trait, pheromone reception was not. We suspect it has something to do with sensing danger, explaining why it is so ubiquitous." 

Carson marveled at the information, struggling to digest it as best he could. As intelligent as he was, he'd never focused too heavily on science in school, so he was playing catch-up. "It's unbelievable," he said, more to himself than anyone else. 
