 This story is an interlude, a flashback explaining the backstory for Dr. Rene DuBois, played in the movie in my head by actress Lupita Nyong'o. Volunteer Lyris Price is played by Willa Holland. Paralaxia and CEO Devon Powell are creations of author "TheLearnedTentacle". 

=========

Seventy meters underground, below the innocuous-looking golden wheat fields and a cluster of pre-fab buildings that made up the DelPorte Xenograin Research Campus, Dr. Rene DuBois stood behind an armor glass panel in a dark control room with two other people. She stood quietly, white lab coat contrasting with her rich, dark skin tones and her short black hair. Her round face bore a grave expression, and her large eyes were narrowed with a mix of dread and anticipation. The room was lit only by two small monitors and some control panels, the light of which reflected in Rene's eyes. Beyond the glass wall was another room, dimly lit by a single LED light above the locked door on the left side. The other end of the room was in darkness. 

In the silence, punctuated only by the soft chimes of various sensor readouts, one of the men spoke. 

"Everything is ready, sir."

The gray haired man standing on the other end of the room from Rene replied. 

"Good. Let's do this. Okay... beginning Experiment 3, Dr. Venkov and Dr. Dubois attending. We will be observing and assessing the behavior and methods of Inju Drone 23-C, believed to be a scout or reconnaissance type, captured by Paralaxia recovery team 3 on DelPorte three days ago. We are assisted in this by local volunteer, Lyris Price, age 21, who will serve as our test subject. Our volunteer will interact with 23-C until we are satisfied that no additional information will be had, after which she will be paid under standard Paralaxia nondisclosure terms. 23-C will then restrained and returned to its enclosure." 

In soft tones, Rene interjected. "Dr. Venkov, is this really necessary? Do we have to do it this way?"

"Dr. DuBois, we've been through this. We don't have time for regular protocols. The subject volunteered for this experiment. Frank, open the door."

"You didn't tell her what this was really for, did you? No, you wouldn't have."

"Fine, Dr. DuBois", the older man replied, "feel free to file a full report with the Paralaxia Board of Directors, then. You can tell Devon Powell how you disapprove of his methods personally. I'm sure he will be fascinated. Frank, do it. Open the goddamned door, now."

"Yes sir."

The seated man reached over and pressed a small button on the panel beside him. As an indicator turned green, the sound of a heavy door opening resonated through the control room. 

========

"Step into the room, please."

Lyris Price stood in the open doorway, peering into the darkness of the large room. Her short brown hair hung down just to the shoulders of the white hospital gown she wore. Her pert, high breasts jutted against the thin fabric, nipples already partly erect from fear of what was waiting in the darkness. Lyris took a deep breath, and stepped out into the center of the room. The hospital gown, just long enough to cover her firm buttocks, fluttered upwards, showing that she was bare beneath it. In the darkness at the opposite end of the room, she heard something move. She couldn't see anything, but she could heard a wet sound on the ceiling. Without warning, Lyris was suddenly struck in the torso and limbs by several sudden gouts of clear, slippery fluid. It struck her with a wet -SPLAT- and then dripped to the floor. The streams continued for nearly a full second, coating her fully.

Lyris turned to run, only to slip and fall on the now frictionless and smooth floor tiles. Hitting the floor with a panicked squeal, she rolled uselessly in an attempt to get away. The soaked gown clung to her curves, translucent wet fabric highlighting her dark areolae and the trimmed triangle of her pubic hair. Lyris found herself unable to even keep her arms and legs beneath her to crawl, when she heard a loud thud as the unknown creature dropped to the floor behind her. The brunette screamed and struggled harder, barely noticing the tingling sensation across her skin as she fell on her back and tried fruitlessly to scrabble backwards in terror, away from the dark bulk which watched her and waited. 

She did notice however, when the previously clear, frictionless liquid suddenly foamed up and became thicker and stickier. Lyris's thin but lean arms and legs tensed with increasing effort as the fluid transitioned from oily lubricant into a sticky, glue-like substance, gooey and translucent. She struggled to crawl away as the expanding substance formed an increasingly thick mesh across her arms and legs, connecting her to the puddle she was trapped in. Within a few seconds, Lyris was completely immobilized, partially cocooned in a rubbery substance that glued her to the floor lying on her back in what looked like a parody of a back stroke. Her right arm was stretched above her head, her left stuck down her side. Her hips were turned slightly so that her right leg was fastened to the floor, bent in such a way that her womanhood was left exposed and vulnerable, and directly facing the human-sized shape which waited just beyond the limits of her vision. Lyris screamed in terror, struggling with all her might against the tough, rubbery substance, but the best she could manage was to wiggle uselessly and exhaust herself. After a few moments, she gave up and whimpered softly as the thing began to move towards her. 

========

"How is she, Frank?"

"Vitals are elevated, Dr. Dubois, but its consistent with a normal fear response. She's otherwise healthy and-"

Dr. Venkov interrupted, "What about stimulation? Is there a sexual response? What about her hormonal levels?"

"No sir, there's just physiological responses to fear which mimic sexual response, but. No chemical manipulation, and her hormonal and neurochemical levels are nominal for the situation. I can't detect any of the Inju aphrodisiacs yet. She's terrified, but not sexually aroused at all."

"That's not what I expected. Normally everything they attack with has the 'sex juice' in it. Keep recording, Frank."

"Yes, sir."

"What is that thing up to? The glue though, that's interesting stuff. I wonder if it responded to body heat, or just the air perhaps. Probably some commercial applications there, eh DuBois?

Rene stood near the glass, saying nothing to her colleague. She silently watched the struggling young woman glued the floor, feeling sympathetic fear for her as the Inju slid into view. Rene's breath caught in her throat, and Lyris started screaming again. 

========

The creature resembled nothing more than a giant, fleshy centipede. Three meters long and as thick as a human torso in the middle, with a multitude of small legs, the color of the creature's pebbly hide shifted irregularly between the darkness behind it and the white tile floor below it. Both ends seemed to be a cluster of various tendrils, tubes, and sensory organs, all quivering and twitching as it drew closer to Lyris. Without hesitation, it crawled across the floor and directly atop the helpless woman. 

Though her head was glued to the floor, Lyris watched as the thing curled its hind end underneath itself, placing the cluster of reddish tentacles directly between her smooth white thighs. The cluster spread open wide, some slithering through her light brown pubic hair and across her twitching, taut abdomen. Rene noticed that the glistening tendrils seemed able to pass unhindered through the translucent glue, allowing them to caress her body freely. Two long, thin tendrils extended slowly across her body, finally reaching the flattened hemispheres of her full breasts. They moved around slowly, as though searching for her nipples, which sat atop her mounds fully erect. Simultaneously, other tentacles slid beneath Lyris's hips, parting her buttocks and lightly circling her anus. All of these simultaneous touches caused Lyris to struggle with renewed vigor, and her screaming quickly turned rose in pitch as she cried out for the others to save her.

The screams were suddenly cut off when the creature lunged forward, driving a thin pinkish tube into Lyris's open mouth and down her esophagus. Lyris attempted to bite down, but the tube was too tough and seemed insensate to her efforts. She could feel the thing feeding air directly into her lungs, some secretion on the outside surface suppressing her gag reflex and rendering her unable to remove it. Lyris barely had time to question why it would breathe for her, when another thicker tube slowly slid out from within the creature. As it slid closer to her face, the creature worked her head loose from the glue with its forelegs, and held it up. When the sliding tube reached her mouth, rather than pushing within, it suddenly spread out across her face and covered her with a slimy membranous hood, like a sock being pulled over a foot. Lyris screamed a desperate high-pitched scream that was quickly muffled by the hood, and tried to shake her head to no avail. The thing held her head fast as the hood reached her neck, covering her entire head. She could feel dozens of small bumps, roughly the size of BB's touching her skin, each one slimy and cool. No light or sound penetrated the hood; only her soft whimpering, and the weird sensation of her lungs being filled by the tube - the creature was breathing for her, and she was in a sort of sensory isolation. 

It was then that the tendrils around her groin began to move. Countless wriggling nubs and tiny tentacles stroked and caressed Lyris, parting her labia and licking all of her womanhood. No part was neglected, every sensitive nerve from her navel to the small of her back received a detailed and precisely aimed touch, calculated and measured by the fiendish alien worm to stimulate Lyris with sexual torment. The tendrils on her breast writhed across the creamy white globes, their ends flaring open and latching onto her engorged nipples, adding to the symphony of pleasure. The young woman, glued to the floor and unable to writhe with the growing ecstasy, stiffened and let out a high-pitched moan. 

========

Dr. Rene DuBois watched the creature raping the volunteer on the floor. Two hours had gone by, and the Inju centipede/worm showed no signs of stopping its efforts. The hideous thing writhed slowly atop Lyris, adding its own movement and pressure to the intense stimulation it was applying to the woman's inflamed erogenous zones. Despite being affixed to the floor, her head covered in some sort of nauseating pebbled fleshy hood, Rene could see that the creature was having a powerful, distinctly sexual effect on Lyris. The woman's breasts rose and fell rapidly with her fast, labored breathing. Her taut belly muscled flexed and spasmed irregularly, and her hips rolled and undulated within their gluey confines. 

Indeed, even Rene found herself affected by the spectacle. Despite her outward detachment and her personal revulsion, the spectacle aroused her. The volunteer was helpless and bound, being taken by a relentless thing seemingly intent on driving her insane with pleasure. Rene felt her own body respond to what she was witnessing, her nipples stiffening under her blouse and lab coat, her face flushing with arousal. Rene slid a hand across her abdomen in unconscious desire. Silently, she was glad it was dark and the attention of the two men in the room were focused on events beyond the plate glass window. 

Dr. Venkov seemed unaffected, and spoke softly in the darkness. 

"Fascinating, Dr. DuBois. This is new. Different from the usual approach. 23-C doesn't seem to be using any chemicals. I wonder... Frank? What is the status on our volunteer?"

"Sir? Umm... she's fully conscious, but no longer suffering a fear response. It looks like... this is odd. Based on these readings, 23-C has brought the subject right to the edge of an orgasm... eleven times -no, now twelve. It could have easily triggered a climax every time. And the hood on her head. It appears to be packed with neural tissue, or whatever you call what the Injus have for neural tissue. It seems to be syncing with her own brainwaves."

"It's deliberately holding back, eh? It's edging her, Dr. DuBois. Why would it do that?"

Rene coughed softly, suddenly snapped out of her reverie. 

"I don't know, Dr. Venkov. Perhaps some sort of conditioning? A punishment reward response?"

Beyond the glass, the volunteer's hellish ordeal continued. 

========

Trapped in darkness, Lyris silently wept in frustration and pleasure. She couldn't fight, she couldn't run, and the thing wouldn't let her cum. Again and again, too many times to count, the thing had brought her right to the brink of ecstasy and held her there. It denied her that last little bit of stimulation, the penetration that would put her over the edge and at least give her the release of orgasm. She could feel thick, tongue-like tentacles licking around the rim of her vaginal entrance and her anus, pressing there but not entering. A myriad tiny filaments and cilia stroked her elsewhere, no part neglected. Every square millimeter of her clitoris, a rock-hard bead of focused agonizing pleasure, was constantly stimulated... but not enough. Not enough. Time became meaningless, there was nothing but the waves of pleasure and darkness. Lyris became less aware of her body, dissolving in the torturous rapture.

Like a crystalline tone in a silent abyss, she suddenly heard/felt/knew [SURRENDER][RESIST NO MORE][OPEN YOURSELF]

Unable to speak or scream outwardly, she simply screamed inwardly, "PLEASE YES YES YES PLEASE NO MORE PLEASE!" 

As her thoughts turned into a deranged babble of submission and resignation, Lyris felt the two thick tentacles slide into her, alternately thrusting and withdrawing, twitching and vibrating. Countless nubs and ridges stimulated her in ways no human penis could, and the rhythms were precisely calculated to inflict a devastating and inhumanly perfect sort of bliss. Her body stiffened in paroxysms that would have injured her had she not already been restrained by the gluey secretions of the slimy creature undulating along with her. Lyris's world exploded into white all-consuming ecstasy as her orgasm expanded and devoured her consciousness. 

========

Dr. Rene Dubois watched Lyris simply continue to shudder and twitch as the lustful scene dragged on. Eyes wide open, she licked her lips and rested her head against the cool glass, one hand touching the window gently, her fingertips sliding slowly downward. Even through the barrier, Rene imagined that she too could feel the pleasure. Behind her, the two men watched their readouts, seemingly obsessed with numbers and unmoved by the intensity of sexual energy in front of them.

"Fuck! There she goes, Doctor Venkov. She's off the charts on this one. In fact..." the technician called Frank paused to check another monitor, then continued. "In fact, she should be dying. But she's not. Based on the endorphin levels alone, she's cumming harder than we've ever recorded. It looks like 23-C is holding her vitals stable, I'll be damned if I know how. I don't know if she's even aware of what is happening at this point, she's definitely feeling the orgasm. It... It also doesn't appear to be cresting. It just plateaued at max, and now she is just staying up there."

"Amazing. What is 23-C doing with that hood, is that neural web part of it, I wonder? Dr. Dubois, that's your area of research, what is it doing? Dr. Dubois? Rene!"

Rene suddenly became aware of Dr. Venkov, snapping out of her trance. 

"What? Sorry."

She moved to the bank of monitors she was responsible for, flipped on some sensors, and peered at the screen. 

"Uh... no. No. The sexual stimulation is all localized. There appears to be some use of the Inju aphrodisiac, but only topically on nerve clusters. Most of the stimulus is coming from the posterior tendril mass. Uhm... the neural web is... well, it is active, but I can't really say what it is doing. It appears to be fully synced with the volunteer's brainwaves. Odd. Maybe hers is synced to it. They are identical, regardless."

"I see. What is she experiencing, then?"

"At this level of stimulation, Dr. Venkov, I can't be sure. She's probably unaware of anything but the orgasm. It's blocked her eyes, ears, and nose with the hood. That's effectively isolated her world to her skin, and that is either covered with those secretions or being stimulated by the posterior tendril mass. These brain readings are somewhere between consciousness and unconsciousness... but there's something else, too. Her brain activity is partially consistent with spiritual experiences. Along with her orgasms, she's also talking to God. Or she feels like it. It's not consistent with a normal orgasm, even the ones that people describe that way later."

"Explanations?"

"I'd guess that 23-C is manipulating her brain activity with the neural web."

"Fascinating... Mr. Powell will be very excited about this. I should report this immediately. Dr. DuBois, continue to monitor the subject, and notify me of any changes. I will be back in a bit."

Dr. Venkov turned and walked out of the room, his excitement visible on his face and in his stride. In the larger room, the Inju continued to work its tentacles in and out of the young woman's shuddering body, her hips rolling with eerie regularity even as the rest of her shook and twitched. From within the bumpy gray flesh covering Lyris's head, only a soft sighing sound escaped. 

Dr. Rene Dubois sat at the console, alone in her thoughts despite the presence of "Frank" the technician. She watched the young woman beyond the glass continue to experience unimaginable bliss, on and on. Rene's hand slid slowly up and down her thigh until she noticed. She stopped, suddenly embarrassed by her inattentive lust, and resumed scanning the creature and the volunteer, both slowly writhing on the floor. 

========

Four hours and thirty-seven minutes after 23-C began the sexual torment of Lyris Price in the quarantine chamber, it ended it without fanfare. As Dr. DuBois and Frank watched, the fleshy giant centipede simply retracted its tendrils from Lyris Price's inert form, both from her nethers and off her face. It pulled the breathing tube and neural web off last, slid off to one side, and departed. As Frank called for the retrieval team, the Inju drone simply climbed back up the wall and resumed its hiding spot in a dark corner of the ceiling. 

Dr. Rene DuBois watched with great concern as the team of Paralaxia security operatives, wearing thick ceramic battle armor and armed with electrolasers and flamers, moved into the room. While four kept their weapons trained on 23-C, the other two gently pried Lyris Price loose from the now-weakened glue and placed her on a stretcher. The Inju drone showed no reaction and did not move at all, staying perfectly still up on the ceiling. Lyris was completely limp as if dead, an illusion only betrayed by the rise and fall of her glistening breasts as she breathed slowly and shallowly. Her eyes were closed though streaked with tears, and a strange hint of a smile, a sort of comatose contentment, sat lightly on her mouth. Her face and neck were dotted with dimples from the nodules of the creature's hood, which had pressed tightly against the woman's head for hours. 

Dr. Venkov watched with satisfaction as the retrieval team backed out of the room cautiously, the four soldiers peeling quickly out of the room with their electrolasers and flamers still pointed at 23-C, which remained completely immobile even after the durasteel doors slammed shut, sealing it in the room alone. 

========

Hours later, while the doctors were in teleconference with Devon Powell, the feared CEO of Paralaxia Biolabs and only a small security staff was on duty, nobody saw Lyris Price rise up out of her hospital bed and smile dreamily at the orderly who came to her room. Nobody witnessed her snap his neck with a viciousness she never possessed in her normal life. None saw her take his electrolaser from its holster, her face in a soft daze as she walked with a purpose down the corridor of the bunker. 
