 -=-=-=-=-=-=- 

Alanna 

Redstone, Imperial Kingdom of Tardia 

27th of Sunfall, 1282 D.f. 

-=-=-=-=-=-=- 

Alanna giggled as her young babe of only five months gripped her finger. She stroked his cute little cheek with another, knowing he was in a bit of pain now that his teeth were coming in. She also felt helpless, as the babe was far too young for her restorative magics; little Talos would have to endure the pain on his own. She retrieved her finger from his mouth, and placed a carrot in his hand instead. He instantly dropped it. 

"Oh, Talos," she giggled again. "I wish the world was as simple for me as it is for you." 

There was certainly some truth in her statement. She, her son, and the other Talos were now temporary residents of Tatiana's small tower in Redstone. It was the first time Alanna had ever been to the city, and it felt bizarre knowing absolutely no one besides those presently in the tower. Yet, perhaps it was better that way, since Alanna was now labeled as an enemy of the Empire. 

Alanna had done her best in Catriona to clear her and her lover's names of heresy, but to no avail. While she'd successfully enchanted the inquisitor who held an eye for Talos to drink a forgetter's potion, she had failed to reach the docks of Catriona before word of her and Talos' supposed treachery had sailed on to Dun Aysla. After that, all they could do was find the bard Emmanuel and force him to flee from the city, which they did. Alanna also advised her sister to vacate Catriona for a time. She and her husband were now en route to Evora, to live with mother and father until things calmed down. 

With that, the pair now knew they were being hunted by the dreaded inquisition; an order they assumed to be myth a mere fortnight ago. Fortune be in their favor, though, that Tatiana was such a good friend. Alanna and Talos would be on foot without her teleportation spells, forging an easily-traced path, while their son was raised in Catriona without them, or was stolen away by the inquisition. Fortune certainly smiled upon them in that they were all safe, for now, here in Tatiana's tower. 

The move in had been surprisingly simple. The Vittori residence regularly hosted long-term guests anyway, and Tatiana's mother displayed no displeasure when she had been told enough of the situation to let them stay. She, and Tatiana's two younger sisters, were only surprised that Tatiana had friends at all. It was quite sad, really, when Alanna thought about it. 

"Alanna," she heard from her left, the first warning she had of Talos' immediate presence. His footsteps were muffled within Tatiana's tower by magic, leaving only the melodic notes of a well-played piano audible, as well as the sweet babbling of her babe. She turned towards Talos with a smile, while her finger was once again assaulted by his teething son. 

"Hey," she replied softly, the loudest she would be in her son's presence. "Apologies for my idleness, love. I'm only taking a break from study." Alanna knew her love was growing restless here. It had been a week since they'd ported to Tatiana's tower from Catriona, and no discoveries had been made by either Alanna or Tatiana regarding Casiama's disappearance. 

"I know," he said. "I wanted to speak of the hunt with you two. Share my own ideas." 

She flicked him a haste nod, then tickled her son's tummy as a farewell before finding her feet. "Let's find Tatiana, then." 

"Mm. Follow the music." 

"She plays well, you know. I've not heard better," Alanna teased, nudging him when she found her place beside him. 

"Not sayin' she doesn't," Talos replied indignantly. 

Alanna grabbed his arm, preventing him from ascending the stairs until she had her say. "Tatiana's not your slave, Talos. She's been researching for hours a day, just like me. Just because she makes music now doesn't mean she isn't fully invested in finding Cass, and you've no right to be angry with her." 

He sighed. "What gives you the idea that I'm angry at her?" 

"Well, you're angry at something. Me?" 

Talos shrugged. "The gods, perhaps. Fate, if it exists. The fools of the Inquisition thinking only in blacks and whites? You choose. But it's not directed at you, nor her." 

A directionless fury, then. Alanna released him, and ascended the staircase when he did. They found Tatiana in the corner of the upstairs chamber, just where and how they expected; wearing a long black dress, her black hair tied in a ponytail, her black-painted fingernails racing along the ivory keys of her black piano. They stepped beside her, the sorceress completely oblivious to their presence as she continued her lovely tune. 

A... blindfold? Alanna giggled, letting her presence be known. Three more notes separated Alanna's giggle from Tatiana's pout. She unwrapped the black blindfold from her face. 

"Sorry. Didn't... hear you," Tatiana said breathlessly, letting the cloth that had been covering her eyes fall to the floor. Talos nodded towards it, smirking. "Well... I had an awful tendency to look at the keys as I played. That's my training." 

"Is it, uh, bad form to look?" Talos asked. 

"Not normally. But I am a sorceress, and only peasants need to look at the keys," she smiled. 

"You play beautifully, Tatiana," Alanna said warmly. 

"You do," Talos agreed. 

"Th-thank you both," Tatiana blushed, her sight nervously darting between them. "So. What's up?" she asked as casually as possible, taking Talos' favored greeting for her own. 

Alanna plopped down on Tatiana's bed, and wordlessly charmed her lover to join her. Talos sat beside her, while Tatiana turned on her stool to face them. 

"I have words, regarding the hunt for Casiama, if you have time," Talos gruffly said. 

"I have," Tatiana nodded. "Say them, Talos." 

He started his complaints with a resignated sigh. "I just feel as if, well - it's been almost a fortnight, and I feel as if we're no closer to finding Cass." 

"And I'm sure it must feel that way to you, honey, but we are trying our best here," Alanna frowned, placing a hand on Talos' knee. 

"We are," Tatiana concurred. "We're studying topics at the periphery of human knowledge. These things take time." 

"And I'm not saying you're not. All I'm saying is perhaps there's something I could be doing, rather than rot away in some tower." Talos winced, forgetting himself, when Tatiana huffed at the statement. "It's a, uh, nice tower though," he corrected with a smile, and a nonchalant hand through his hair. 

Tatiana's tight gaze remained fixed on him. "We haven't deduced anything which would require someone in the field yet. But as soon as we do-" 

"I know, I know," Talos continued, speaking over Tatiana's reassurances, "but I feel as if we're barking up the wrong tree here. Sure, the magics of the moon tower took Cass from us, but figuring out what that tower did might take years, if we ever learn of it at all. Whereas, I have thoughts on how we could find her directly... without knowing what the tower did." 

Tatiana pursed her lips, squinting at the man. "I'm listening," she said. 

Alanna knew she had planned out the entire investigation into Casiama's disappearance. Judging from her reaction, she wasn't taking second thoughts on her skills lightly. 

"There was a, uh, something called a farcaster stone, that Cass and I dealt with earlier in the year," Talos said softly with an open palm. "The one who originally owned it believed she could reach out to me with it, if she infused the stone with an item of sentimental value to me. If we could find one of those farcasters again-" 

"Then we'd be under the same tree, Talos," Tatiana replied with arms crossed, brushing the idea away with a flick of a hand. "An item of sentimental value? How would the stone know who the item belonged to? And, if it somehow did know, how would the connection be established?" 

Talos shrugged. "Magic?" 

"It's a myth, a tale from beyond the veil. It wouldn't work," Tatiana confidently declared. 

"Okay... and, perhaps you're right. But isn't it worth looking into, since I'm not doing anything else?" 

"I can see your reasoning. But, it wouldn't work," she said dismissively. 

"Tatiana-" 

"I know you're restless, Talos," she interrupted with raised palm. "If there was another solution, I would tell you of it. Believe me." 

Talos kept silent for a half-minute, running his hand through his hair again. Alanna knew he would persist until he got his way; even if his way was only to follow a blind wish such as the farcaster. He would settle for nothing less than victory.  

"What about the Oracle?" he asked gruffly. Alanna glanced towards her fellow sorceress, and found her eyes lighting up. Tatiana unfurled her arms, and brought a thumb and forefinger to her chin. 

"Hm. She... might help. The Oracle has been known to grant prophecy to those few who are granted audience. They're difficult to decipher before the events have come to pass, mind you. Not to mention, you are a wanted criminal." 

Talos nodded. "I am indeed. But, I think she would grant me another vision. A vision you could help decipher." 

Tatiana's eyebrows rose in surprise. "Another? You've seen her?" she asked. He grunted. 

"She gave me a vision, years and years ago as I was passing through the area with the Blood Moons. She even mentioned that I would visit her again in a time of need, and that she would sleep with me when I did." 

Talos noticed Tatiana's smile, and her puffed-out cheeks which signaled stifled laughter. Alanna didn't have the same self-control, and snorted immediately. 

"Sleep with you?" Alanna choked out. 

He shrugged. "She wasn't that... direct about it. But, yeah." More stifled laughter from Tatiana. Talos felt as if the dam would break at any minute, and decided to get in front of it. He ran a hand down his side, striking a heroic pose. "I mean, have you seen this?" 

That was all it took. Tatiana instantly broke into spasmodic laughter, spittle flinging from her lips before she could raise a hand to cover it. 

"You're very handsome, love, though perhaps she was just being kind to you," Alanna said through her giggle fit, with a patronizing pat of his shoulder. 

"Read my thoughts on it, then." 

"I have," Alanna grinned. "Juvenile confidence and a youthful misunderstanding. That's all it was." 

"Mm. Well, no harm in going then." 

"She might not see you," Alanna warned, repeating Tatiana's sentiments. 

"I wager she will. It'll get us out of the city, in any case." 

Alanna nodded. She could definitely see the appeal; as much as Redstone was an interesting place to visit, it certainly didn't have the cleanliness or friendliness of Catriona. Some time outside of the city would likely do her some good. Not to mention, it would give her the opportunity to finally lay with her lover after an almost two-week drought. 

"I could go for that. Tatiana?" Alanna softly replied, somewhat hoping her fellow sorceress would decline. 

"I'm..." Tatiana replied, giggling once more before taking a deep breath. "I'll stay behind. I've never been to Selphyse, but I can port you two to Velara. Selphyse is just a short jaunt to the east from there." 

Alanna leaned in, to playfully push her shoulder. "What's wrong? Tired of us already?" 

Talos smirked, answering for her. "Nah. I reckon she isn't going because she knows that 'short jaunt' is straight up a mountain. For two days." Alanna's smile disappeared. 

"Oh. Um... maaaybe I'll sit this one out, too," she said, glancing down at her breasts. "I'm not in... mountain shape, anymore." If I ever was, Alanna thought. 

Talos wrapped an arm around her shoulders. He would go alone if he didn't have a choice in the matter, but he also knew she could be persuaded simply. 

"It's romantic..." he whispered softly into her ear. 

"There's nothing... romantic about climbing up a mountain," Alanna dismissed with a pout. 

But there was, Talos knew. If the feeling of satisfaction upon reaching the summit wasn't enough, the view over a dozen miles of forest being warmed by the world's most beautiful sunrise would surely do it. You could make out the white towers of three different elven ruins from there, and even catch a glimpse of a rare blood falcon if you- 

"Okay, okay," Alanna giggled. "Let me get packed. Are you fine with the babe, Tatiana?" 

"Of course. I'll read him histories while you're away." 

Alanna squinted cutely. "You know he... doesn't even have half a year yet?" 

"He smiles at me when I read to him. I think he's getting something out of it," Tatiana replied with a shrug. Alanna strode over to her, and pecked her on the cheek with a smile. Tatiana blushed from the sudden and unexpected contact. 

"Thank you, either way. He's very lucky to spend time with someone so smart." 

"Oh! Y-you're welcome. Anything for... for..." Tatiana stammered, glancing towards Talos. Alanna giggled in response to her sudden timidity. 

"We appreciate it, Tatiana," Talos said warmly, nodding towards Alanna. "Come, let's get packed." 

-=-=- 

Velara is a pleasant Tardian village, with agreeable inhabitants who dutifully go about their days in peace. They care not of the outside world, as is true with most small villages. The town laid just miles from the mouth of the river Remilla, and on a clear day you could make out the sails of vessels traveling inland, towards the capital of Mankind far to the north. Most Velarans had never ventured beyond their little village, just like most commoners, and these sails were merely reminders of places they would never see. 

Most Velarans had never seen a sorceress, either. They had never witnessed a fireball produced from nothing, never seen an illusionist pull a rabbit from her hose. Surely they had never witnessed two souls apparate from purple flames and whispering void, either; yet, on the morning of the twenty-seventh of Sunfall, that's exactly what they witnessed. 

Tatiana, you see, couldn't recollect anything of the little village besides it's impressive cathedral, laid stone-by-stone a century ago right in the middle of town. So, that's where Alanna and Talos ended up; twenty feet in front of the cathedral, and two feet above the ground. Their boots fell heavily to munda firma with the purple, dancing flames of time their backdrop. Half-a-hundred citizens gasped, and looked on, and some even pointed. Their murmurs were loud and quite embarrassing. Talos was sure he even heard a babe cry to his mother. 

"Uh..." he mumbled, or perhaps groaned, as he scanned the village to get his bearings. Alanna waved to a frightened little girl, who promptly hid behind her mother's skirts. Talos eventually tugged on her arm, leading her in the direction of the gently-sloping mountains to the east. 

On a clear day, the peaks of those mountains would be clearly visible from the center of Velara, and would be quite the dramatic sight as well. Today, however, the pair could only see an endless sea of green-and-brown trees rising steadily towards the heavens. 

"C'mon. Don't really feel like talking to the constable today," Talos said gruffly, tugging her again. Alanna skipped after him, holding a nervous smile, as she read the many frightened, perplexed, and awe-struck thoughts on the wind. 

Alanna herself thought these mountains didn't look imposing at all, and wondered why Tatiana had wanted to abstain from their trek. She would only discover why several hours later. 

-=-=- 

"Talos... Talos... I need a break," Alanna huffed out, feeling her heart thumping in her chest. He turned about, his grinning gaze analyzing her sweat-slicked face. They had been hiking at the same inclination, through seemingly endless trees, for hours now, and the enchantress was quite displeased from the exertion. 

"We just had a break, honey," Talos calmly said, showing no sign of discomfort from their trek. 

"Then I need another," the enchantress exhaled, already unbuttoning her leather jacket. They were not even a quarter of the way to the treeline yet, but the air here was already far thinner and cooler than at sea level. She tossed her jacket onto the grass, and plopped down onto her butt as she panted for air. 

Talos smirked, striding towards her. "Alright. Want to...?" 

Alanna quickly shook her head. "If you fuck me now, love, you will have to carry me up there," she declared between gasps for air, pointing towards a hidden peak obscured by clouds. He walked towards her anyway, grunting, with an obvious bulge in his pants. 

Alanna huffed, her cheeks reddened by effort. "Does my... discomfort... please you?" she asked, already knowing the answer. His eyes were already dancing over her fluttering chest, expecting her voluptuous breasts to break through their cloth prison at any moment. 

She sighed in defeat, shifting to her knees. "Gods damnit, Talos. Show me your cock." 

He wouldn't need to be asked a second time; he smirked as he unbuttoned his fly, producing his half-hard cock for the sorceress. 

Alanna dutifully crawled towards him, wrapping a hand around his shaft. She leaned in and drooled on it for lubrication, then slowly began to pump on his manhood. She giggled when she heard the man's first groan of pleasure. 

"Is this why you wanted me here?" she asked sultrily, gazing into her man's eyes. "To sate your endless lust?" 

He smirked. "I could do this myself." 

Alanna smiled for him, then glanced towards his cockhead; she knew intrinsically what he wanted from her. With a hand still wrapped around his shaft, she parted her supple lips and took the glistening bell into her mouth. She hummed on it, sucking intently on the underside. One of Talos' hands gripped the back of her head, encouraging her to take his manhood further into her mouth. She gazed up at him, teasing him with her cock-filled smile. 

Is this what you wanted of me, my love? 

Talos only grunted in response as she pumped on his cock, goading him steadily towards his peak. She raised her other hand to Talos' churning nuts, squeezing them ever so gently to coax their seed out, as she continued to work his shaft and suck on the head. Talos shut his eyes as he felt his climax drawing near. 

Alanna grinned, popping her wet mouth off of his shaft and darting out of the way. She pumped him with reckless abandon as he thrust his hips forward, and sensed his clouded mind. Alanna squeezed his balls once more time, then produced a jolt of electricity to surge through them to instantly take him to his peak. 

"Fuck," Talos groaned as his cock erupted in the sorceress's hand, shooting several thick strands of cum into the grass and dirt. Alanna continued pumping him until the climax had subsided, then lovingly polished his shaft with her tongue and lips. 

She found her way to her feet a minute later, when Talos' breaths had calmed down. He buttoned his fly before Alanna could throw herself on him, wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him deeply on the lips. He pushed her lips away, playfully, but held onto her. 

"Didn't I tell you not to kiss me after taking me in your mouth?" he smirked. 

"Yep," she said playfully with a pop her lips. Talos only chuckled in response, pulling her in for a tight hug. They held one another for another few moments, all the while Alanna's eyes were tracing the path up the mountain. The oral exercise had done wonders to distract her from their climb, but ultimately did not save her from it. Talos, sensing her fear of the climb, pushed off from her and grabbed his pack. 
