 This is the first installment of the "Case Kentauris" stories, inspired by Spacegirl and Marjorie B. Greene. I promised you sexytime adventures and tentacles, so here you go. 

Need a mental picture of Sabhina, our hapless heroine? Google the Indian actress "Anushka Shetty"... that'll work. 

=========================

Pt.2 - Delporte

Sabhina Bindra and her brothers Rohit and Mohan had enjoyed watching the meteor shower, though fact that it hadn't been forecast by the local university was a cause for mild concern. Over the course of two nights, the sporadic light show had been lovely, enough that Sabhina wished her parents were still alive to have seen it. The meteor shower was a nice distraction from the hard business of running the family farm on Delporte. 

The farm was a long way from Delporte Down, and the Delporte star system itself was a long way from anywhere interesting. The family farm was on a small hill, surrounded by rice paddies filled with MonSan-Yutani G6 Variety Basmati, which fetched a high price among the gourmands in the core worlds. 

On the second night, the satellite network had gone down, and the local Panchayat had activated the local militia. Rohit unpacked the two old hunting lasers from the storage locker, along with their bulky power packs. One he loaded on the hover jeep, and the other he handed to Mohan. Though six years younger than his sister, Mohan was still a young man, which counted more in local minds than her seniority. After dinner, Rohit departed for the nearby market town, wearing his militia khakis and a ballistic helmet. Sabhina felt like they would not see him again. 

Still, the meteors fell, and on the third night the things arrived. When the sun went down, the sound of fighting started. Weapons fire echoed down the valley and along the horizon dim flashes of light could be seen. Mohan, brave youth that he was, grabbed the half-charged hunting laser and moved a chair to the veranda, where he could easily see the entire farmstead in the dim light of stars. Sabhina, tired from a long day of work, bathed and went to bed early, laying with the window open. In the warm, humid night, she could hear the distant thumps of battle mix with the monotonous chugging of the agbots working out in the muddy paddies. Her rich, brown skin was dappled with beads of perspiration, making the filmy white cotton cling to her youthful body, which the local boys lustfully compared to a voluptuous temple statue. Sabhina drifted off to troubled dreams. 

On the veranda, Mohan watched the horizon with concern. Eventually the sounds tapered off to nothing, the flashes subsided, and even the lights of the faraway town were dark. Though the stars themselves provided some light, it still felt very dark indeed. Hearing a splash in a nearby paddy, Mohan raised the hunting laser to his shoulder, and peered through the scope. In the grainy green view, he saw a muddy paddy disturbed by motion, and one of the agbots turned on its side. "Damn it", he blurted, slinging the rifle and descending to the dirt pathway. The agbots were good substitutes for field hands, but they suffered mishaps distressingly often. 

Mohan worked his way out to the agbot, looking periodically through the scope. Nothing but mud. Set on his task, the teenage boy worked his way through the sucking mud, sinking knee deep as he walked. Suddenly, he heard something moving behind him. Whirling in place, he brought the laser to his hip and fired a quick blast. The loud pop of the laser was followed by mud flashing to steam, spattering him with hot mud. Mohan turned to look around him, but saw nothing. Looking back at the steam, he had barely enough time to see the tentacled wormlike horror lunge out of the darkness before it struck him. His cry of terror was suddenly cut short. 

==================================================

Sabhina woke with a start, but as she listened to the night she heard nothing but comfortingly monotonous machine noises. Eyes closing again, she attempted to will herself back to sleep. She was unaware of the thin sensory tendrils which slid through the open window and surveyed her voluptuous form with growing hunger. Quietly, a third tentacle entered through the window. Reaching the air above her face, a puckered orifice at the end of the tentacle quietly opened, dripping gelatinous goo. When the first drop struck Sabhina's forehead, she opened her eyes. Before she could even scream, the tentacle spat copious amounts into her face. The disgusting slime hit her in the eyes, nose, and mouth - blinding her, and making it difficult to breathe. The young woman rolled from her bed, screaming now in terror and groping along the familiar floor of her bedroom. "Where is Mohan?" she wondered with a small part of her brain, "am I going to die now?". Behind her, a hideous worm-like thing slithered its full bulk into her Sabhina's room through the window, pushing furniture aside carelessly as it coiled and waited for the venom to take full effect. 

The screaming girl found a wall and immediately turned to put her back to it. Wiping her eyes, she realized she could dimly make out the outlines of the creature now attacking her. It was several meters long and thick around as a man's torso. The body was covered with small armored segments, and was a dark brown from the thin coating of paddy mud that still clung to it. The end facing Sabhina was pink and soft looking, the color and texture reminding her of nothing more than her own womanly core... Sabhina had spent many nights exploring herself and finding pleasure. This hideous creature, all pulsing tendrils and slime-dripping orifices, was the same velvety pink color. The creature appeared to be watching her, myriad tentacles of all shapes and sizes waving gently like a sea anemone. It was waiting for something, but what?

Sabhina's scream died down to whimper as she realized that there was no escaping this, and no help was coming to her. She felt calmer somehow... calmer, and warmer. And tingly. What was happening to her? All of Sabhina's limbs felt heavy and unresponsive, as though belonging to someone else. But her skin felt as though it was on fire. The cotton nightie she wore, coated with both her sweat and the creature's slime, clung to her full breasts. Her chocolate-colored nipples rose prominently under the thin fabric, iron-hard and painfully sensitive to the fabric. Sabhina ineffectually tugged at the nightie, seeking relief. Eventually, she managed to struggle free of it and her panties, now soaked with her feminine secretions. Sabhina's flower was similarly sensitive and flowed freely with the fluids of arousal. 

All the while, the creature simply waited as the beautiful Indian woman struggled to disrobe and to make sense of what was happening to her body. Eventually, Sabhina simply lay on the floor, propped up against the wall, wide-eyed with fear and panting with sexual arousal. The worm slid slowly forward, extending numerous tendrils greedily towards the nearly helpless woman. Gently stroking first her feet and lower legs, it pulled her towards its center. Sabhina slid down to the floor as it moved above her. Tentacles extended towards the rest of her, coating her with more of the slimy goo. 

Sabhina gasped with sudden pleasure as the tentacles slowly circled her full breasts, forcing her hardened nipples up even higher. The small chocolate peaks disappeared inside the small mouths of tentacles, which suckled gently on them. Electric thrills raced through her body, meeting at her core. Sabhina arched her back with joy, and tentacles used the opportunity to circle her torso and lift her slightly. Other tendrils extended up her back, eventually encircling her neck. Squeezing gently, they now controlled the flow of blood to her brain, and began skillfully manipulating this. Even before moving to her inflamed clitoris and lips, the creature was thoroughly in control. Sabhina gasped and quivered helplessly near orgasm, being forced near the edge of consciousness and back again several times before the worm tired of the sadistic foreplay. 

From the center of the thing's "face", a larger tentacle, reinforced with cartilaginous ridges and surrounded by a waving frill of tendrils, bent down between Sabhina's coffee-brown thighs, which were caressed and held apart by thin but strong tentacles. The end of the tentacle paused in front of Sabhina's mound, thin pink tendrils winding through her thick black pubic hair. The tendrils twisted around her engorged clitoris, tickling, tugging, and stroking it. Sabhina first yelped, and then began to mutter incoherently in Hindi, when she felt the small tendrils ease her lips apart and push deep into her core. 

The thing's penis, if it could be called that, eased itself inside her, moving a couple of inches inside, withdrawing half that distance, and repeating. As it worked itself deep into her vagina, she could feel the ridges and tendrils striking her velvety walls in ways no man could duplicate. Though living on a farm with a conservative family, Sabhina had experimented with both men and women as she had matured. This was unlike anything she had ever felt. She was dimly aware of a second, smaller phallus easing its way into her anus. It pushed it, brief pain swiftly turning to pleasure in the time it took for Sabhina to grunt with the discomfort. The alien cocks pistoned in and out with a regular rhythm, rapidly matched by the involuntary rise and fall of Sabhina's generous hips. Expelling more of the clear slime as it went, the worm slowly fucked Sabhina out of her mind. She moaned helplessly as the orgasm took her in waves, leaving her entire body on fire and shaking. 

At her feet, the worm began to shake and shudder slightly at the front end. All of the pink tendrils, soft, vulnerable, and dripping slime began to slowly withdraw inside the creature's hulking body, dragging the exhausted Sabhina with them. Still shaking and gasping in ecstasy, her legs slowly disappeared inside the worm. As her wide hips and thighs reached the things maw, it lifted slightly to allow her passage. Sabhina's swollen breasts, still wrapped in tendrils, erect nipples still being teased and suckled upon, pressed together and upwards. Glistening and coated with slime, the full mounds slid easily into the things maw. 

The last and most powerful orgasm started in her womb, great shuddering contractions of pleasure that made it hard for her to breathe. Sabhina emitted weak, high pitched squeaks as she shook helplessly in the throes of orgasmic agony. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head, and her limbs shook uselessly, twined throughout the many pink tentacles of the alien worm. Eventually, her already muddled consciousness faded into a white blur, as she lost track of time, space, and sense of self. Dimly aware of her head vanishing into the humid darkness of the worm's interior, Sabhina lost her sanity. Nothing was left to her now but the pleasure, and she felt her mind come apart.

Nobody was there to see Sabhina's arms vanish into the orifice, still shaking as her hands lovingly caressed the tiny tendrils that twined among her fingers, and none witnessed her long, slime-coated hair disappear into the worm's tentacle-frilled maw. Her consumption complete, the worm's soft pink tentacles withdrew completely inside it, leaving only a blunt cone of leathery integument. The giant creature turned slowly around, and slid its bulk back out into the night. The human woman inside it was still alive, comatose but still weakly emitting the telepathic pleasures that had drawn the creature in the first place. She would remain alive until the creature was able to return to its masters, at which time the human woman would serve to radiate pleasure to the masters. 

It was a good hunt.