 This is the second actual installment of the "Case Kentauris" stories, inspired by the work of Spacegirl and Marjorie B. Greene. A while back I promised you sexytime adventures and tentacles, so here you go. Need a mental picture of Tatjana, this episode's starring attraction? Google actress Katheryn Winnick ("Lagertha" of the TV show Vikings)... that's who is starring in this one.

*****

By the second night of the meteor shower, when the communications went down, and the navsats went offline, everyone on Delporte knew something was wrong. The only thing working was shortwave radio, and even that was largely jammed. The fragments that passed around were bizarre, reports of strange creatures, attacks on homesteads, and missing travelers. This was enough evidence for the planetary governor to call up the militia. Delporte was a backwater agricultural world, with only Delporte Down worth being called a city, and a scattering of towns along the rivers and road network.

It was on the third day that the Intai Juhen actually arrived in force. The ConFed frigate "San Cristobal", a hired security vessel that usually sat in orbit overhead had vanished. Some people claimed to have seen a white flash, a nuclear warhead at the edge of space. Either way, it meant that Delporte was alone. Rock-encrusted assault pods fell out of the darkness, slowed down by gas jets. They slammed into the reservoir around Delporte Down. Minutes later, the armor and spine encrusted combat drones of the Intai Juhen emerged from the dark waters and started their inexorable advance into the city. The hideous creatures resembled some combination of bears and crabs, and bore weaponry of horrible effectiveness, both biological weapons and energy weapons.

The local militia fought bravely, using their obsolete small arms and mortars to fight the combat drones. Without the cutting edge powered armor of the Outworld Expeditionary Drop troops, or the genetic enhancements and cybernetics of the Hypatian Star Marines, the hundreds of volunteer citizen-soldiers were simply no match for Intai Juhen Combat Drones. It was largely over by morning, with the survivors scattering to the outback to regroup, pursued by the victorious Combat Drones. Delporte Down and its cowering civilians were left to the tender mercies of the Intai Juhen occupiers. 

Later that night, a young woman named Tatjana Morris hid in the damaged shell of a prefab housing unit near the shattered spaceport. She had barely managed to avoid capture by the hideous creatures that seemed to fill the streets of Delporte Down. Still wearing her work coveralls, Tatjana tied her long blonde hair into a simple ponytail and wiped her sooty, tear-streaked face with her hands. The gray coveralls were relatively baggy, hiding her lithe, athletic figure from her leering bosses and her admiring coworkers at the food processing plant. She hoped that the dull coloration might help hide her, but she'd heard the things hunted by smell as much as by sight. Shivering both from fear and from the cool night air, Tatjana clutched at the shotgun she'd found in the security locker as she'd run from what she'd seen. 

With the withdrawal of the Combat Drones, the city was now infested with a myriad of creatures that seemed to have one purpose - subduing human females, and raping them into submission. She had already witnessed it once, when a huge worm-like thing the thickness of a tree trunk had captured Dena, one of her coworkers at the plant. It had appeared in the break room of the plant out of nowhere, and sprayed Dena with some paralytic toxin. The giant worm rapidly disrobed the young woman, pleasured her into mindless ecstasy with a cluster of tentacles seemly designed for that purpose, then swallowed her whole in less than a minute. Tatjana had watched in helpless terror, and could still hear the muffled screams and cries of orgasm coming from within the belly of the thing as it slithered away. She could only surmise that the victim was not food, but rather was bound for some possibly worse fate elsewhere. 

Too afraid to peer out the window, Tatjana lay quietly in a corner, under a blanket. In the distance, cries of anguished pleasure echoed through the streets as one more survivor met an unwelcome but irresistible fate. In the closer darkness of the housing park, she could hear unearthly howls and ululating whistles, a sure sign of the Intai Juhen creatures doing their foul work nearby. Each sound worked at her frayed nerves, forcing her to choke back tears - a single sob escaped before her fear of discovery conquered her despair. 

To her left, she heard a scraping noise on the wall outside, and froze in terror. Tatjana didn't dare move, but she could see movement in the shattered window frame. Two tentacles, both thin things with a leaf-shaped tip, peered into the room where she hid. Even in the dim light, she recognized the dark spots as eyes of some sort... the thing, whatever it was, was looking right at her. However, while she sat perfectly still, the thing made no attempt to enter the room. The shotgun lay propped against a sofa, just barely beyond her grasp. Tatjana weighed her options, few as they were. She was athletic, and fast - a track star in the little town she hailed from. The Intai Juhen she'd witnessed were all stealthy, and stronger than made biological sense, but they didn't seem fast. If Tatjana could reach the gun, she might have a chance against whatever this was - and if she could reach the open street, she would run until she reached safety or died of exhaustion. The decision made, she moved. 

As Tatjana lunged to her right, the thing slid swiftly over the window sill in response. She grabbed the shotgun and rolled around as fast as she could, taking in the sight of the monstrosity coming for her. It was a large flattened oval made of something dark and flexible, like a man-sized bathmat a foot thick. The edge of the thing was covered with waving tentacles, and the underside was similarly covered by a hideous mix of glistening tendrils, segmented legs, meaty looking tubes, flattened paddles, and other less describable organs. As the barrel of the gun swung to bear on her target, her heart leapt into her throat at the speed of the thing. "This isn't going to work", she thought, but she pulled the trigger anyway.

The shot struck the dorsal surface of the thing ineffectually; pellets blasted into the thick brown hide without diverting it from its purpose. An instant later, tentacles lashed out, striking Tatjana across her back and shoulder and slapping the shotgun from her grasp. Deafened by the report of the shotgun and stunned by the blow, she reeled backwards, stumbling over something and falling. The creature was on top of her immediately. Tatjana attempted to bring her legs up to throw the hideous thing off of her, but it was both too massive and too slippery, and it quickly slid down between her thighs, pinning her to the floor by simple mass. 

The woman clenched her teeth and grunted "Errgh... what are... get OFF!" as she pushed against the creature. She flailed her legs around, attempting to find leverage to roll the thing off of her, all the while pounding against its dark, leathery hide uselessly with her balled fist. Though strong enough to have no problem dealing with the occasional clumsy advances one or two of her hard-drinking coworkers, Tatjana's wiry muscles did nothing against the bulky thing, and she could feel that if she continued to struggle, she would simply expend strength she may need later. "Nooo.." she exclaimed, her yell trailing off as helplessness drained the fight from her. Along its rim, Tatjana could see and feel several tentacles, cable-like muscular tubes about an inch thick, waving slowly and unhurriedly against her limbs as though pondering the next step in its assault. Far more troubling was what Tatjana could feel but not see. Pressed against her torso, she was aware of a slithering sensation as the many organs on the creature's underside were taking the measure of her body and her coveralls in a leisurely manner - as the creature completely outweighed her and had proven invulnerable, it appeared to be in no rush. Whatever happened next would unfold at the pace it chose - she had no say in the matter. 

A sudden wet, squelching noise startled Tatjana as she felt her torso suddenly covered with something wet, warm, and slippery. She could feel small tentacles moving against her coveralls, as though seeking weak points. As the fluid soaked through both coveralls and the thin shirt beneath, a tingling sensation began. First on the skin of her belly, where the fluid touched first, and then up between her breasts and down to her groin as the fluid flowed across her. As her skin became more sensitive, she also felt the fabric of both garments weakening, disintegrating, and then being pulled apart by the myriad small tendrils. Tatjana panicked, "Oh God NOOOOooooo...", certain that the fluid was a digestive acid, and she renewed her struggles again. The terrified flopping and waving of limbs appeared to irritate the creature somewhat, and it began wrapping up her limbs in the external tentacles. Two tentacles seized her booted feet, pulling her legs down and to the side in a twisted mockery of missionary style, as though Tatjana were on her back with a lover between her thighs. Her arms were similarly secured, a tentacle each circling her arms from the elbows to her hands, pulling them back behind her head. This pulling of her limbs forced Tatjana's torso to arch slightly, pushing her pert breasts up into the creature's soft underbelly and completing the illusion of lovemaking. She screamed in terror and frustration, but the shriek trailed off into a whimper of bewilderment. 

Even unable to see what was happening, Tatjana could feel her pert breasts being gently caressed and slathered with the slippery fluid. Responding involuntarily to fear and to the stimulation, her nipples quickly hardened into firm nubs. Once this happened, the scraps of fabric were pushed aside and her breasts were slowly drawn up inside cylinders of flesh by both suction and the guiding action of many small tendrils. Tatjana let out a gasp as the sensation overwhelmed her briefly. The creature tugged at her nipples, all the while the cylinders undulated and squeezed. The overall effect was both confusing and arousing. Tatjana sighed in pleasure briefly, distracted by the electric thrill of pleasure racing from her nipples to her groin. Some detached part of her knew instantly something was not right... this felt far too good to simply be the manipulation of tentacles. "The oil," she thought, "it isn't acid." 

For a short time, she lay helplessly with the thing on top of her, feeling it work her breasts gently but insistently. She could feel her heartbeat race and her face flush, as arousal began to win out over fear. 

Elsewhere on Tatjana's toned torso, small frilly tendrils and fleshy nubs traced lines down her belly. Small muscles bunched and tensed with the erotic sensation, making her emit a small yelp. Somewhere between tickling and caressing, the creature's countless smaller digits spread across her stomach, closer and closer to the small patch of hair below her navel and between her legs. More feather-light touches danced across her inner thighs, causing her to press them against the creature's flanks. Tatjana's thought processes began to blur slightly as the combination of sexual stimulation and potent neurochemicals weakened her resolve. Her attempts to keep the thing from her womanly center slowly turned into the clenching leg lock of a woman in the heat of passion, drawing her lover closer. 

Though her hands were intertwined with the creature's tendrils, Tatjana's fingers opened and closed, spasming like the rest of her as irresistible waves of pleasure raced through her nervous system, weakening her hold on reality. No part of her escaped stimulation - tiny tendrils traced the pathways of her hands, and the soft skin on the insides of her arms, up and down the thin skin of her throat, anywhere the nerves were accessible and the skin soft, there was the creature, adding to the pleasure as her entire body became an erogenous zone. The thing played her like a musical instrument, each caress and stroke rewarded with some new gasp, moan, breathy cry, or uncontrollable quiver of flesh. 

Tatjana's breathing became slower and deeper, as her chemical submission began to take hold. Aware of what was happening but unable to do anything to stop it, she felt something on the creature's underbelly change and shift between her thighs. A flat, paddle-like structure slid down and settled atop her mound. Already quite wet with her own secretions, the creature lathered her with additional oils, the slow stroking motion of the many tiny nubs making her cry out weakly with pleasure. Eventually, having tormented her sufficiently, the paddle stopped moving. She felt it continue to shift internally. Tatjana cried out once more as she felt her clitoris suckled and tugged upon by a much smaller version of the cylinders still working dutifully at her breasts. Tiny cilia within traced each nerve pathway with far more precision than any human lover could manage. Tatjana stiffened and stopped breathing as she was wracked by the first orgasm of her encounter. Her arms trembled uselessly entwined behind her head, while her toned, muscular legged clenched against the leathery flanks of her erotic tormentor. Time stopped as Tatjana almost lost herself, vision blurring by tears. When the moment passed, her head cleared only slightly. The woman felt stoned, drugged, still subjected to the continuing pleasures yet strangely detached. She could see the bright stars of the night sky over Delporte Down through holes in the roof, and thought fleetingly about rescue. Then the creature, her lover, started the next phase of its assault on her sanity and her nervous system. 

The small tendrils of the fleshy paddle, which had been caressing her labia gently in the same electrifying manner as the rest of her body, gently teased open her flower. Tatjana could feel something enter her slowly, something distinctly phallic. Between her and the oil, the meaty, soft but firm organ encountered no resistance. It was covered with ridges and nubs as no human penis was, and though shaped like one, it moved in a way no penis could. There was something worm-like and disconcerting about the way the thing slowly slithered and moved, as it sought out clusters of nerves and rubbing against them. Within moments, the phallic organ had found what it sought, and began to move in and out of Tatjana in a delicious way, striking precisely where it felt the best. Involuntarily, she began to moan, her sounds rising and falling with the movement of the thing within her. With the little movement the creature allowed her, Tatjana began to undulate with the thing, her pelvis moving, rocking, seeking to drive the thing deeper into her core. She barely noticed when a second organ, identical to the first, slid beyond her womanly core and down between her firm buttocks. Pushing them aside gently, the thing centered itself and gently pushed. Tatjana's anus was already covered with the creature's secretions, and offered scant resistance as the organ slid within. 

The two alien organs thrust in and out in an alternating rhythm, setting up sensations that Tatjana was unable to resist. Lost to the tempo and the pleasure, within moments she again screamed in ecstasy as the tentacles worked within her, all the while other tendrils continued their light stroking of her belly and inner things. As the phalluses did their work within her, the suckling cylinders joined in the process, pulling and tickling and stimulating Tatjana's small, pert cones ceaselessly. Tatjana's cries of pleasure died out to a helpless whimper as the orgasm went on and on and on. 

Minutes passed, and the pleasure slowly increased beyond her ability to endure. Tatjana could feel her consciousness begin to fragment, white flashes appearing in her field of vision, pulse throbbing in her neck and head. And yet she remained conscious for a time, aware only of the pleasure. Slowly, her vision began to fade, and along with it, the mind that called itself Tatjana. The woman that she was became a helpless, quivering human body, with only sufficient awareness to experience the mind-blasting torturous pleasure, the orgasm that never ended. Eventually even that faded away to nothing. 

Sometime later, closer to dawn, the creature finally withdrew its many tendrils and indescribable organs, and slowly climbed off the body of the woman. It extended two tentacles, each covered with small sensory organs, turning them this way and that, sniffing at the air and looking for traces of heat to indicate fresh prey. In an almost casual way, the creature slithered back out the broken window it had first entered, and departed. The woman lay inert, eyes half open, glazed, and lifeless. Her blond hair was matted and dirty, covered in congealed fluids. Likewise her body was caked with dirt, which did nothing to conceal the taut muscles and firm breasts that once drew so many admiring glances. She lay very still on the floor of the shattered residence, half on a sooty floor, and half on a torn foam cushion. 

One could be forgiven for thinking her a corpse, but after a time, the woman's limbs twitched, and eventually she breathed in a slow, shallow breath. No longer Tatjana Morris, the mind-wiped victim slowly and awkwardly pushed herself to her feet, and stumbled a bit, and looked through heavy, bleary eyes to the sky. Responding to a psychic call no fully conscious human could sense, the woman staggered into the street as though drunk. Turning her head from side to side as though seeking a sound, the woman made her way down the street to the spaceport, where her new masters awaited her.