 Communicating on a telepathic band no humanoids could perceive, much less understand, the coordinating intelligences behind the Intai Juhen invasion of the colony world Delporte pondered their situation. The initial invasion had gone well. As usual, the insertion of assault forces had gone unnoticed until it was too late, and the combat drones had smashed through the human defenses easily. Coated in thick layers of chitin and silicates, the lumbering warrior caste was nearly immune to the small metal projectiles humans used as their primary weapon. Even the human lasers did little but boil off armor plate that was easily replaced. The primary human spaceport and the city around it had been captured within a single day and night. The harvest of human females had likewise been good. While the Intai Juhen had little use for the males of the species, the females were highly prized for their delectable psychic emissions. 

However, the invasion had not been without setbacks. The humans of Delporte were of Terran stock, originating from a world farther out away from the galactic core, where the Intai Juhen originated. While the rim of the galaxy was fairly infested with humanoids, it was the Terrans that the Foremost Castes prized most as prey. The species exhibited a tenacity and mental fortitude not found in most humanoids, and the difficulty of breaking them made their psychic emissions that much more alluring. But all rewards come at a cost, and on Delporte, the Intai Juhen were paying it. Human forces had been driven out of the cities and towns, into the back country. Operating in small groups, and arming themselves with slower-firing but much larger weapons originally meant to kill the now nearly extinct mega fauna, humans had managed to inflict a stinging rebuke here and there. 

As the days dragged on, more and more combat drones and their associated clusters of harvester forms were destroyed. Harvesters and Seduction Caste forms were small and soft, and could be easily replaced by the Intai Juhen Womb Caste. Combat drones were large, resource intensive, and required ample supplies of the inorganic materials that made them so tough and deadly. Defeating a cluster of armed humans in wilderness was a different sort of warfare than what the combat drones were optimized for. When the inevitable off world response came, and human warships laden with proper troops, whether encased in powered armor or enhanced with implants, the combat drones would be needed. 

It was then that the Pensive Lobe of the coordinating intelligences came to a solution. Human captives could be used to fight the feral humans. While females were far too valuable as prizes, indeed they were the point of attacking a human world at all, there seemed to be plenty of male humans that were only of nuisance value to the Intai Juhen. The Pensive Lobe suggested that males could be captured and molded into simple combat forms. Harvesters and the Seduction Caste forms could capture them using most of the same techniques... while male psychic emissions were often weak and unappealing to the Intai Juhen, they were no less vulnerable to being broken. Once broken, their simple anatomies could be optimized for battle and they could be sent back out to kill other humans. Perhaps they could even use human equipment, ample supplies of which lay abandoned in the streets of the captured city. Humanoid combat drones would be adequate to kill humans, and would be essentially disposable - their loss would mean nothing to the Intai Juhen, while still removing the threat from feral humans. These plans were broadcast out to the clustered sentiences of the Combat Drones and their escorts. New tactics were quickly devised, and new forms of harvesters were created. Capturing males rather than killing them where possible became the order of the day. 

---

The two troopers stalked quietly through the brown wheat field, their movement covered by the blowing wind. They were following a lone Combat Drone as it plodded across the abandoned farm fields. It was acting unusually, traveling across open country alone, seemingly without escorts. The thing had moved several miles, stopping here and there, examining any artificial structures then moving on. Periodically, it would vanish inside buildings or stands of trees, reemerging later. The humans were tailing it, partly in hopes of killing it, partly out of lack of orders to the contrary. 

The tall wheat stalks provided enough concealment that the humans felt reasonably safe in a prone position. Trooper Rohit Bindra watched the thing through the rifle scope, all the while worrying about his younger brother and sister back at the family farmstead. A slim, dark-skinned man of Indian descent, he'd been called up when the Delporte Militia had been activated by the colonial governor. Despite his medical training, he wound up in an infantry company. Somehow he and his teammate had managed to survive the slaughter of the first few days. Rohit had heard rumors that farmsteads and outlying settlements were being attacked, and the survivors taken away. Trooper Marlena Fuentes was a short woman with black hair and lush features, with olive complexion, one of the few women remaining in the militia by the fifth day. Fuentes faced the opposite direction, warily eying the tall brown stalks and the trail the pair had made. While their target lie in front of them, it was not uncommon for other units to circle around and ambush. As it was just the two of them now, she had to be extra careful. Neither of them had the big-bore rifles needed to crack the thing's hide, though they decided that their remaining hand grenades might do the trick. If they could stun it, perhaps at point-blank range their assault rifles could kill the thing. 

"What the hell is that thing... Fuentes, it just turned around. It's looking at us", said Rohit, startled by the sudden motion. 

"Shit!" blurted Marlena, as her heart leapt into her throat. She rolled over to face the Combat Drone. "What's it doing now?"

"Nothing", said Rohit, "It's just... just sitting there. Have you ever seen one do that?"

"No - they always charge right at us. If it had spotted us, it would be on us already. This is weird. We should break off. This isn't good". 

The first sign that something was wrong came too late. A sudden rustling in the wheat behind them provoked both troopers to turn to face it. Before either one could raise their rifles, a long, black, snakelike thing erupted from the vegetation. The thing shot directly into Rohit's face, a tentacle-lined maw spreading wide to engulf the man's nose and mouth before he even had time to scream. He attempted to grab the thing, but it was too large. It was as big around as his arm, with a leathery, slick hide that made it impossible to grab hold. The serpentine creature thrashed and rolled, attempting to subdue Rohit, entangling first one arm, then the next as it encircled his neck and torso. Marlena emitted a short shriek before her reflexes took over, and she started running in a blind panic. Rohit was already dead, she rationalized through a panic-induced haze, but she might have a chance if she ran. Rohit watched her recede into the wheat field, finally disappearing from his limited vision.

Rohit continued to struggle, confused by the creature's actions. It was much stronger than he was, but it hadn't killed him immediately. Tendrils wrapped around the side of Rohit's head, latching the thing firmly to his face. Inside the creature's "mouth", small tentacles forced their way into Rohit's mouth, despite his clenched jaws. At the same time, a sickly sweet vapor exuded by the creature was forced through his covered nostrils. Filling his lungs with the gas, Rohit could feel himself growing dizzy and weaker. His struggles became slower and clumsier, but he never completely lost consciousness. Unable to do anything about it, Rohit was forced to watch as the snakelike creature began its work. 

The other end of the snake, which felt more like one long tentacle that wasn't attached to anything else, slithered around on Rohit's belly until it found what it was looking for. The creature worked its way underneath Rohit's belt, and slithered down the front of his baggy canvas pants. The tip of the creature, a gently tapering tip surrounded by small tendrils, nosed gently across his groin until it directly touched his genitals. The thing continued sliding past, though, gently stroking his penis and scrotum with the oily hide and small tentacles. Warm and smooth, the thing was far more arousing than it should have been. Blood rushed to his groin as his penis quickly grew firm under the thing's gentle but insistent ministrations. It briefly slid back and forth, caressing and tickling until Rohit was hard, then it folded over and slid beneath him. The serpent-like creature pushed his buttocks gently apart, and centered its tip upon his anus. This new sensation snapped Rohit partially back to awareness, and he resumed his helpless thrashing. The creature tightened a loop around his neck, cutting off the blood to his brain and demonstrating the implied threat. Tears of humiliation rolled down the sides of Rohit's face as the thing pushed inside him and his body responded with increased arousal. The tentacle within him quickly settled over his prostate gland, and began pressing and stroking it in a very precise rhythm. 

While he concentrated on this violation, Rohit also noticed the odd sensation as a slit opened up along the underside of the creature. He could not see it directly, as it was all concealed by the fabric of his pants, but he could feel it. Rohit gasped with sudden alarm and pleasure as his cock and balls were suddenly drawn up inside a warm, wet, cilia-lined chamber inside the creature's lower body. As though inside a purse, the thousands of tiny fingers rubbed, teased, and stroked Rohit with a precision no human woman could match. Somehow, he thought, the thing knew exactly where his nerves were. Rohit felt his cock pulled and sucked even further into a chamber, a clenching muscle-filled tube that was hot and wet like a vagina, but able to milk him like a clenched hand. As the thing pulled and tugged at him, Rohit felt his balls boiling as the orgasm built. 

Rohit's body suddenly spasmed as the pleasure seized him, hips pistoning with ecstasy as the semen shot forth from his throbbing cock. The muscular tube sucked and clenched at him, kneading more and more of his fluid from within. The tentacle tip within him thrust in and out of his anus, stimulating him further. A loud, wheezing gasp could be heard from beneath the fleshy gag covering his mouth and nose, all the while more of the vapor filled his lungs. Rohit knew this wasn't right, but it felt so good, and he didn't want it to stop. If he would die here, let him die from the sensations. Rohit's first orgasm began to taper off, but it never completely faded. The creature continued working at him, tiny tendrils deep within the tube flicking at his swollen cock head while others stroked his swollen scrotum. The continued stimulation should have become irritating and then painful, but it didn't. Somehow, with no refractory period between, he had remained fully erect. Another orgasm began to build, this time deeper and more intense. Rohit arched his back, straddling a line between agony and pleasure like he had never experienced. His balls spasmed again and again, his cock bucking as it spat semen into the greedy internal mouth that milked him. The tube pulled at him like a lover, the creature itself shivering and squeezing him in a mockery of human intercourse. 

Thick fluids ejaculated from the tip of the creature buried within Rohit, neurochemical aphrodisiacs that were quickly absorbed by the tissues in his body. As the chemicals flowed through his bloodstream, Rohit's nervous system went into overdrive. It felt as though his orgasm had become constant, an unending pulse of blinding pleasurable sensation as bolus after bolus of something hot and liquid shot forth from the end of his cock. Lost in the pleasure, Rohit's consciousness begin to fragment. He was only dimly aware of it, some core of rationality that knew his body should not be able to experience these sensations. Some part of him knew that whatever was leaving him when he came, over and over, it probably wasn't semen anymore. 

Rohit was dimly aware of pain on his temples as thin fibers drilled and penetrated through his skin and into his skull, microscopic filaments interlacing with his brain, adding to parts and dissolving others until only the pleasure remained. Rohit's vision faded into a blinding white light, but the constant shaking, throbbing orgasm and the tremors in produced continued unabated. 

As the creature reworked Rohit's nervous system, his body no longer held a human consciousness. Something new, simpler and more focused, now resided within the skull of Rohit Bindra. This new thing cast its awareness out on a telepathic band no humans could sense, and quickly found a superior intelligence. The large, chitin-covered Combat Drone moved up to the slim brown figure that was formerly a human trooper, and gently helped it to its feet. The once-human still trembled from the experience of conversion as it looked around at its surroundings. 

The serpent-like creature that had created it loosened its coils and withdrew from its once-victim, and slithered to the combat drone for retrieval. As the multiple intelligences of the Intai Juhen drones synced up their information and purposes, they set off in pursuit of the human female that had gotten away. She would not get far, as there were numerous other Harvesters and Seducers in the area, things not yet seen.