 This story picks up immediately after where Ch. 04 leaves off. You really should read it first... actually you should start with Ch. 01, and read the whole series. This would all make a bit more sense. If you need a face for Trooper Marlena Fuentes, it'd be Christian Serratos, Rosita from "The Walking Dead". 

=================================

Trooper Marlena Fuentes ran gasping through the wheat field as fast as her legs and lungs allowed, the burning pain of fatigued drowned out by the terror of what was certainly behind her. Her teammate was certainly dead, and she knew that her own fate would be far worse if she was captured by the Intai Juhen. Despite the blind panic which propelled her forward, she'd had the presence of mind to hang onto her rifle. Marlena's helmet had come off her head, and her shoulder-length hair whipped around in the dry wind as she continued a fruitless race towards the illusory safety of the farmstead and small grove of trees which lay in the distance. If she could make it there she might find a radio, or at least a hiding place.

A half mile behind her, the Intai Juhen combat drone loped ponderously along Marlena's route. The combat drone was a mass of chitin armor, blades, and countless organic weapons the size of a small car. Oriented a bit like a centaur, the combat drone had four large legs to propel it across the field. Several arms hung folded on its thorax, along with numerous small protuberances housing various organic weapons and smaller, more specialized drones. 

The converted human male warrior, his eye sockets now filled with twitching gray sensory organs, trailed behind to keep watch for possible ambush by other humans. Though they were small and fragile, the humans were tenacious fighters on their homeworlds. Likewise, the humans here had begun to employ powerful chemical slugthrowers capable of piercing even the thick armor or the combat drone on a lucky shot. 

Humans were faster over short distances, but the combat drone was in no hurry. The female human's trail was clear within the wheat field and her chemical signature was easy to follow. The Intai Juhen Foremost Caste had decided that female human fighters made especially good playthings for the arenas, and should be captured alive and intact whenever possible. The combat drone would have to capture here and bring her in alive, her psyche untainted by the narcotic effects of the Seducers and Harvester. These drones were designed specifically to incapacitate females using their own orgasmic responses, leaving them placid and responsive to the psychic commands of the Intai Juhen. The combat drone faced a more complicated task than subduing noncombatants, but it knew that it would be rewarded; the combat drone able to savor the terrified psychic emissions of the female human for the entire time until she was delivered to the primary lair for processing. Knowing this, the combat drone accelerated its pace.

=================================

Marlena peered out into the descending darkness from the concealment of the attic inside the farmhouse. Though it was partially damaged by fighting, there was enough of it still standing to hopefully hide her from the combat drone she knew would be looking for her. She couldn't see the horrible thing... despite their size, they were oddly skillful at hiding. It was certainly around, and she faced an indefinite waiting game. She had several liters of water in her pack, her rifle, and a couple of grenades. One of the grenades was rigged to a tripline by the large hole in the wall; if she was lucky, it might wound the thing enough that she could then kill it. It wasn't enough, but it did give her hope. She could survive this. 

In the darkness, the combat drone saw her clearly, her body heat like a flair. The combat drone knew she was looking for it, so it slowly circled the compound by moving among the trees. It readied various subdual tools, and advanced into the house with a stealth that belied its great size and power. Watching the warm spot on the ceiling with growing lust, the combat drone failed to notice the trip-line below it's feet. 

Marlena felt shock of the grenade's detonation, and rolled to the side with her rifle in hopes of catching the thing while it was stunned and dazed by the blast. Before she could reach the ladder, she suddenly felt herself plummeting through the flooring. Towering over her, pieces of the ceiling still clutched in its huge claws, was the combat drone! Its carapace was pocked and scarred with shrapnel, and various small lumps of tissue had been rent apart. Slimy ichor oozed from wounds. The combat drone regarded her with it's various sensory organs, watching as she reached for her rifle on the floor beside her. The monstrous drone slammed a foot down with blinding speed and smashed the little carbine into several pieces, then pointed an arm at her. In its hand, the drone held a small object like a bowling ball made of chitin, itself pierced with several quivering orifices. 

Marlena rolled to her feet and sprang for the door, but the drone fired before she'd gone two steps. Through her tattered fatigues, she felt the impact of several gelatinous wads striking her in the shoulder, back, and on her shapely thighs. The wads burst open, covering Marlena in sticky, fibrous threads. Thin as spidersilk but seemingly strong as steel, the threads unwound and twisted, writhing seemingly at random as they thrashed around her. She quickly found herself bound up and entangled, thoroughly unable to move. Marlena screamed in despair as the combat form moved over her, its legs to either side of her. The combat drone regarded her coolly as she cursed and thrashed beneath it, eventually reaching down and rolling her over on her stomach. Tears of helpless panic streamed down her cheeks as Marlena sobbed into the thick carpet of the farmhouse floor. 

The combat drone reached down with two arms, gently teasing aside the strands which bound her legs, then it slowly cut and tore open the leggings of her fatigues. Marlena felt the cool night air on her now exposed and vulnerable labia and anus, both exposed to the combat drone. Utterly helpless, Marlena wailed until the creature prodded her with the weapon it had captured her with. The woman felt something wet and slimy slide out of the object, landing on her voluptuous ass. She began thrashing with renewed vigor until the combat drone, impatient with her struggle, pushed down on her with a single leg and forced the air from her lungs. 

Now unable to even struggle, Marlena felt the slimy thing shift around as it oriented itself. The small creature slid slowly over her vulva with small undulations, each of which smeared the slime deeper inside her cleft. The slime produced an immediate buzzing tingle upon her genitals that combined with the lack of air to make her head swim. The combat drone released its pressure, causing Marlena to gasp. Simultaneously, the worm latched onto Marlena's clitoris, vibrating as it suckled her. Tiny cilia stroked the inflamed lips of her vagina, sending electric thrills of pleasure up her spine. At the same time it teased her externally, the worm slowly threaded two tentacles into her, one into her vagina and the other into her anus. Each one slowly circled and teased the orifice with feather-like strokes, gently sliding inside and spreading more of the strange lubricating slime. 

Expecting to be eviscerated, Marlena was unable to stop her body from responding to the gentle ministrations of the small wormlike creature. The combat drone, still straddling her prone form, reached down and picked her up with four of its smaller arms as though she weighed nothing. It began slowly turning her round and round, applying more of the thread until she was dizzy and thoroughly cocooned in the grayish threads. Though now able to breathe again, she was not able to take deep breaths. Cunningly, the combat drone had wrapped her just tight enough to keep her from breathing deeply. This left her disoriented enough to be unable to resist, without having to drug her. The combat drone hoisted her up, and carried her like a parcel out of the farmhouse and into the night. 

Trapped in her cocoon with the slithering creature, Marlena stared up at the night sky and tried to focus. Light-headed and unable to even struggle, she moaned softly as the pleasure slowly grew in her midsection. Mixed with the slime, she felt herself growing wetter and wetter. The thing's relentless mouth continued to stroke and suckle her sensitive apex, while the two tentacles slowly impaled her in an irresistible rhythm. Marlena grew closer and closer to orgasm, but the thing seemed unwilling to allow it. Her soft moan turned into a pleading whine as the minutes stretched on. The creature played her body more effectively than any human ever had, male or female, and the pleasurable torment soon became unbearable. Marlena's pelvis took on the involuntary motion of intercourse as she desperately sought release, release which seemed deliberately withheld from her. Her eyes blurred with tears, and she sobbed openly as the night stretched on. The combat drone seemed oblivious to her plight, ignoring her cries and curses as it made its way slowly across the farm country. 

Marlena was unaware that the worm was being psychically controlled by the combat drone, which was savoring her suffering, the mixed emanations of fear, lust, desperation, and pleasure. Deep in the night, after hours of travel, the combat drone and its small entourage linked up with others of its kind, which curiously surrounded it. Giving the command to the worm, the combat drone demonstrated the value of its captive to the others. 

Marlena was dimly aware of the presence of other combat drones, but was too far gone to care. Suddenly the tentacles within her suddenly began to move with increased vigor. Her overly sensitive pussy clenched and spasmed under the sudden, intense stimulation. Marlena shuddered with pleasure as the long-denied orgasm crashed over her in waves. Unable to scream because of the tight bindings, her high-pitched whines echoed out into the night, producing no visible reaction from the gathered Intai Juhen drones. The orgasm went on and on, long past anything she had experienced, and her head swam. Unable to move, unable to scream, unable to escape, Marlena shuddered helplessly in ecstasy for minute after minute as the cruel creature within her pussy and ass hit every nerve cluster perfectly, suckling on her clitoris in tortuous bliss. Eventually the agonizing pleasure overwhelmed Marlena, and she sagged unconscious and spent. 

Sadly for Marlena, her ordeal had not even yet begun.