 This story picks up immediately after where Ch. 05 leaves off. You really should read it first... actually you should start with Ch. 01, and read the whole series. This would all make a bit more sense. If you need a face for Trooper Marlena Fuentes, it'd be Christian Serratos, Rosita from "The Walking Dead". 

=================================

Trooper Marlena Fuentes regained consciousness, though she was not certain of that yet. Disoriented and not even certain if she was alive, everything was in darkness, and her ears were filled with loud squelching noises. She felt herself slowly moving downward through a slimy wet tube... falling slowly perhaps. Her arms and hair stretched above her, her legs below her. Marlena's skin, on the other hand, was quite alive. She could feel the slippery surface sliding across her skin, up her limbs and back and breasts. 

The tube widened below her and contracted above her, forcing Marlena through the tube with a convulsive peristalsis. Marlena's mind wandered through the sensations, which felt quite sexual despite the alien situation... the wetness, the clenching, the sliding... there was something almost vaginal about this canal she was passing through. Her nipples, unceasingly grazed by the soft walls of the tube, were engorged and sensitive. 

The distraction provided by this pleasure kept her from realizing what had happened to her. Though not yet orgasming, she was definitely aroused, and gasped softly with each contraction and push. As she descended further and further, in darkness without time or meaning, Marlena grew closer and closer to her peak. Her firm hips slowly undulated, her taut thighs clenched and writhed, and her breathing grew deeper and deeper. With a sharp cry, Marlena reached her moment - pleasure flared out from her core, and she shook with the physical joy of release...

- and suddenly fell through open air - 

... landing with a wet splash in a shallow pool of slimy fluid. Marlena suddenly came to herself, remembering all of what had happened to her - the fight, the chase, the capture by Intai Juhen battle forms, the prolonged and tortuous stimulation and denial, and unconsciousness. Reflexes kicking in, Marlena shot to her feet, hands balled into fists, and immediately slipped and fell on the nearly frictionless bottom of the pool. Slipping and splashing in the thick goo, she eventually got her feet below her and stopped panicking. More cautiously this time, the trooper rose to her feet, moving her thick slime-coated hair out of her eyes to take stock of her situation. 

Marlena stood in a depression filled with four feet of clear slime, in an oval chamber. A dim reddish light emanated from a series of small nodes, allowing her to make out some details. The walls, floor, and ceiling all seemed to be made of a pinkish fleshy substance similar to the tube she was just in, with small venous structures pulsing and gurgling all around. The ceiling twenty feet over her head had several sphincters, each tightly closed. Marlena watched with horror as one, presumably the one she arrived from, slowly clenched and puckered closed, thin rivulets of slime dribbling out of the shrinking hole in the center. Along the walls of the chamber were five tunnels, each large enough to walk through and lit with the same dim reddish light. Out of the depression, the floor appeared to be slightly textured... uncomfortably like the papillae of a human tongue. 

More significantly, there were three other women in the chamber with her, all completely nude and glistening with the slime from the central pool. One dark skinned woman with short hair sat curled up into a tight ball, head buried between folded arms. A blond woman with freckled skin, well-muscled and curvy with the look of a farm girl, knelt besides the other trying to comfort her. A third woman, of Asian ancestry and petite in comparison to the blond, walked quickly out of one of the tunnels and came towards Marlena. Extending an arm, she said "Hey. You won't get out of there on your own, take my hand. I'm Amy. C'mon, you don't want to stay in there."

"Where the hell am I? What is this place?"

Amy looked at Marlena impatiently, wiggling her fingers in a sardonic invitation and bracing to pull Marlena out. After an awkward silence, Marlena took her hand. With a heave and some slipping, Marlena found herself lying on her back, still slippery and glistening with slime. Amy sat beside her, smiling awkwardly. Marlena saw the tattoo on Amy's shoulder, the crossed rifles and wheat stalk of the colonial militia. 

"You're a trooper?"

Amy sighed, replying as her smile melted. "Yeah... I was a Badger gunner in the 2/12. Corporal Amy Kwan, pleased to meet you. You in too?"

"Yeah. PFC Marlena Fuentes. I am... was in the Burnham Rifles. I didn't get my tattoo yet..." Marlena trailed off into silence. 

Amy looked at Marlena knowingly, then continued. 

"Bit of that going around. Anyhow, like I said, I'm just Amy here. That's uh, that's Rene there trying to hide. I think she's an Earther, based on her accent. Cornbread there, she's a local girl."

The blonde woman turned around and glared at Amy.

"Listen, it's Tabitha. Not fucking cornbread. I told you once. If you call me Cornbread again, I'm gonna crack you in the head."

"Sorry, Jeezus. Okay. That is Tabitha. Tabitha, is Rene okay?"

The blond woman turned back to the dark-skinned Terran, stroking her short hair with concern. 

"I think she just needs some time. Not like we have anything else to do."

Time passed uneventfully after the conversation died out. The four women sat quietly in the dim light, the silence punctuated by the dripping of slime from the ceiling sphincters, and the occasional gurgling from the walls. Marlena was the first to break the silence.

"So... what is this place? Why are we here?"

Amy replied first; "Well, Cor... Tabitha got here first, then me, then Rene over there. We figured out that all three of us managed to avoid getting snatched the first two nights by the pythons, the fuckrugs, or any of the other fucked up things that the Intai Juhen dropped on us."

Tabitha followed up, "I was at my family ranch off Road Three. We'd already killed two... pythons Amy calls 'em. Big snake things, they slide around, drug you, rape you out of your mind, and swallow you. But they don't eat you, they take you away. Back to the city, I think. We killed two of them when some of the big bug-looking ones and a pack of... zombies I guess, they overran the ranch. I got taken by one of the bugs. Wrapped me up like a spider, and did things to me." 

Tabitha shivered and sighed, and Marlena could see that her nipples were hard and her freckled skin dotted with goose bumps. 

"They made me cum till I passed out. I woke up in that tube and landed here. I don't know why we are here."

Amy resumed her unnaturally chirpy reply, smiling in a somewhat unhinged way. 

"I survived a fight with those big armored bastards, but got captured anyway. I managed to hit a few with the cannon on the Badger before they were on us. I was knocked out in the fight, and woke up just in time to fall out of that giant asshole there in the ceiling. Fuckers had me somehow worked into a lather, too."

Amy stopped speaking, and idly looked around the room. Unconsciously, her right hand had drifted upwards while she was talking. Without knowing it, Amy cupped her petite breast gently, and was slowly tracing circles around her dark, erect nipples. Amy's cheeks were flushed with blood, and her pupils were dilated with sexual arousal. When she noticed Marlena's stare, she smiled dreamily and moved her hand away. 

"I think there's chemicals in the slime. You can feel it, can't you? Like, you want to fuck, even though you are here? Don't be embarrassed. Can't do anything about it. I can barely keep my hands off myself. I think I accidentally swallowed some. It tastes like sex. I'm... a little drunk from it. I don't even care."

Marlena looked at Corporal Kwan with both embarrassment and fascination, then spoke.

"Uhh... uhm. So I did that too. My squad leader and I ran into a combat drone outside of Burnham. It got him. They killed all the men, but not the women. I hid in a farmhouse and ambushed it. Hurt it with a grenade, but it didn't die. Then it caught me, like with you, Tabitha. It wrapped me up, and... Here I am."

Amy continued to look at Marlena with poorly concealed lust. Marlena trailed off, breaking eye contact with the Asian woman. Amy smiled and began to stroke herself.

"So, Tabitha, what's the story with... Rene?"

"I don't know. She was just like the rest of us when she fell into the room, but she didn't stop cumming for almost a minute. She seemed okay for a little bit, and now she's just quiet. I think it's the chemicals. She said she was a scientist or something, with Paralaxia Bio-Medical."

"The biopharma company?"

"Yeah. They have a research lease on DelPorte, but I don't know why. I guess they do crops." 

"OK. Something doesn't make sense. She's a scientist, and look at her. She's a wreck. But look at us. All of us were caught while fighting the Intai Juhen. And all of us are okay... sorta." Marlena looked over her shoulder at Amy, who was leaning against the wall, her hands slowly caressing her smooth thighs as they made their way towards the patch of dark hair at her mons. "Sorta. But we are all fighters. Why is she in here?" 

Marlena grew more frustrated, and began to pace around the pool of slime, which undulated and quivered almost sensually with the vibrations of her angry steps. Marlena punched at the meaty walls as she walked. 

"Why the fuck are we in here? What is this fucking place? Fuck!"

The room fell silent, save for Amy's soft sighs of pleasure and a wet slippery noise from between her thighs.

Rene broke the silence in response to the sharp shouts. 

"I know why."

All three women looked at Rene with surprise. Amy, who was propped against the wall with one hand cupping her pert breast and the other moving rapidly between her legs, paused her insistent self-pleasure to respond. 

"What? What do you know?"

"This is... it's an arena. They... the Intai Juhen. They are watching us. For sport. Soon, when they are ready, these tunnels are going to fill with..." Rene choked back a sob, and continued. "With things. They are going to chase us. And then catch us. And then they are going to rape us, or lay eggs inside us, or eat us slowly. None of us are getting out of here."

Amy stopped masturbating, and looked directly at Rene, seemingly pulled out of her lust-filled haze by Rene's dark declaration. 

"Why are you saying this crazy shit, Rene? How do you know this? Are you just making this shit up? We are all scared, it's okay to be scared, but... that makes no sense at all."

"There's no reason not to tell you now. We aren't ever leaving this place," said Rene, "we might not even be on DelPorte anymore. Paralaxia knew they were coming here. We didn't know when, but we knew it was only a matter of time. The research lease is just a front. We were trying to capture some of them, to study them, and understand them. To stop them, I think."

The other three women stared silently at Rene, who uncurled and rose to her feet. 

"They weren't supposed to get here so quickly. They overran the station so fast. It was like they knew we were here, waiting for them. They took everyone. That's what they do, you see. They kill most of the men. Maybe all of them. I don't know. They capture all the women. They use us... like batteries or something."

When none of the others replied, Rene continued. 

"The Intai Juhen are telepaths. Maybe they feed on our minds or something. But there is something unique to humans and species like us that they crave. Our sexual pleasure is like a drug to them, so they harvest us. But it's not enough to just make you cum. They also need the fear, the panic, and the helplessness." 

Tabitha was the first to interrupt. "It's like they are a whole race of sexual sadists. That... doesn't make any biological sense at all. They eat emotions? Orgasms and suffering? What the fuck, what the fuck is that about?"

"I know, I know", Rene added. "It makes no sense at all. But that's how it works. Paralaxia has gathered a great deal of information on the Intai Juhen in the last two years. I've read some of it. Eventually, they will run each of us down, and then something awful will happen to us. There is a lot about them that makes no sense. One of my teammates theorized that they aren't even from our universe."

Marlena spoke. "You said this -" Marlena waved her hands around. "-is an arena? What do you mean by that?"

Rene looked at the sphincters on the ceiling. "They like to watch us while they do what they do. They've been doing this a long time... centuries, maybe. Even before we ever left the Sol system, the Intai Juhen were taking humans and doing this. They drop us into an artificial environment, and release creatures in here with us. They even compete amongst themselves to create more interesting monsters to... catch us. And. You know. And then they feed on our suffering, and our pleasure, and our shame." 

Rene's face sank, and her voice became flat and emotionless. She pointed to one of the glowing red nodes. "They watch us through those. They are like eyes, or something. When the things catch you, the Intai Juhen will be enjoying it all through those."

Tabitha looked at Marlena, and spoke quietly. "I'm not going out like that. There are three of us who can fight. I say we just kill whatever comes. Maybe they won't let us go, but we can at least deny them what they want."

Amy looked up from the floor, smiled, and replied. "Why not. If we are fucked either way, let's make them work for it."