 This story picks up immediately after Marlena's capture by the Intai Juhen in Ch. 06. You really should read it first... actually you should start with Ch. 01, and read the whole series. This would all make a bit more sense. If you need a face for Trooper Marlena Fuentes, it'd be Christian Serratos, Rosita from "The Walking Dead". Tabitha would be Brit TV personality Gemma Atkinson. Rene would be Lupita Nyong'o, and Amy would be Zhang Ziyi. 

=================================

The four women sat in the chamber quietly after the discussion of their fate died out. Tabitha, the tall blond, paced the room nervously, peering down each of the five corridors. Periodically she would stop, listening intently, but nothing appeared. Marlena simply sat beside Rene, trying to ignore the soft rubbing noises and sighs of pleasure coming from Amy. The small Chinese woman had given up resisting or apologizing for her urges, and began to pleasure herself again. Marlena noticed that Rene was staring intently at the sphincters on the ceiling, the orifices through which the women had arrived in the dimly lit, fleshy chamber. 

"What is it, Rene? What are you looking at?"

The dark skinned woman raised an arm and pointed at the ceiling. 

"Those holes. They keep quivering, in sequence. Look."

Marlena followed the woman's shapely arm up, and looked at the holes. As she described, each puckered orifice shivered briefly, allowing a small bit of slime out. The slime slid down into the pool with a muffled splash. One after another, counter-clockwise, each one quivered a bit before releasing slime. 

Tabitha had ceased her pacing and was now watching the ceiling along with Marlena. "What does it mean?" she said. 

"I don't... I don't know, Tabitha. I think something is going to happen soon." 

"I don't think we should stay here", said Marlena, her voice trembling, "Amy. Amy! Stop! We have to get out of here."

Amy, laying with her back on the fleshy wall with her hands between her legs, slowed her frantic stroking, and moaned. "I can't stop... something's wrong with me."

Marlena walked over to the other trooper, leaned over, and slapped the smaller woman.

"Corporal Kwan, cut that shit out NOW". 

Amy Kwan turned her head away, angry and ashamed, but ceased her self-pleasuring. Her small breasts glistened with droplets of fresh sweat mixed with the remnants of the aphrodisiac slime which drove her on. 

"Okay. I'm okay. I don't know what..." Amy paused, then faced Marlena. "I'm good. Sorry. I couldn't cum anyway, it was getting a little frustrating. Thanks." She smiled at Marlena, her eyes betraying her anger at being slapped. "OK, let's get the fuck out of here before something happens."

Watching the exchange between the two soldiers, Tabitha moved to one of the five tunnels. "We should take this one. I know this sounds stupid, but something wants me to go down", pointing to a different tunnel, "THAT one. But Rene says those things are telepaths, and if there's no difference between them, why would I want to go that way? So to hell with that. I say we go this way instead."

Lacking any logical objections to the tall blond's reasoning, the other three women looked at one another and made their way around the slime pool to join Tabitha. The room fell silent save for the ceaseless drip of syrupy aphrodisiac slime from the ceiling, and the soft padding of the barefoot women on the meaty floor. The corridor had an unnervingly vaginal quality to it, with fleshy ribs at intervals which quivered as the women passed. The floor was the same as the ceiling, wet and rubbery and soft. Along the walls and ceiling, small irregular nodules emitted a dull reddish light. 

The women walked slowly down the tube around several curves and turns, Tabitha in front, followed by Rene. Marlena and Amy brought up the rear. The conversation had completely stopped. Suddenly there was a wet burping noise, displaced air from the ceiling of the main chamber. All four women turned to listen. Two loud splashes, followed by a high-pitched wet ululation.

Through clenched teeth, Tabitha hissed, "Run."

In blind terror, the women bolted down the corridor, heedless of danger. The ululations grew louder. Stumbling as they ran, tripping and slipping over the rugose flooring, they failed to notice when the tube-like hallway itself suddenly began to clench closed in front of them! Tabitha and Rene made it past the slowly sealing sphincters, but Marlena found herself trapped halfway inside it. The fleshy but transparent material had clench up firmly on her narrow waist, trapping her ample hips and legs inside. Scrabbling madly to escape, Marlena sobbed in helpless frustration. "Help me!" Through the transparent membrane that trapped Marlena, Tabitha and Rene could see that Amy was fully caught within the sealed chamber. A second membrane had closed off the hallway behind her, creating a room in the hallway. 

Amy pushed uselessly on Marlena's hips and thighs to escape, then turned to face the opposite wall. Beyond the second membranous wall, Tabitha and Rene could only see movement, a dark colored bulk with countless tentacles, which slithered greedily across the further membrane on the opposite side of the chamber. Whatever was pursuing them from the main chamber had arrived, and was waiting patiently for something to happen. Amy could see it clearly, though, as evinced by her terrified shrieks; muffled as they were, it was clear that Amy had lost all hope of escape. In the midst of the chaos and screaming, countless small holes in the ceiling of the chamber suddenly began pouring vast quantities of the aphrodisiac slime. At first a drizzle, then a flood. Amy looked up, slime pouring down her lithe form in sheets, and stared helplessly into the stream. Slowly, she looked down at the floor, and saw that within seconds the slime was already pooled to her ankles. As seconds ticked by, the flow increase. 

Marlena likewise felt the streams falling on her back. She lost what little traction she had on the floor, but was distracted by the syrupy slime. It fell upon her back, pooling up and flowing down between her generous ass-cheeks. The flow tickled her anus and ran slowly across her vulva, causing a flare of tingling heat that distracted her with pleasure. The slime felt much stronger than the material in the main room, and it began to soak into her bloodstream very quickly. The olive-complected skin on Marlena's breasts and cheeks flushed red with arousal, and she looked helplessly at Rene. Tabitha saw all of this, and watched with horror as the changes overtook the two trapped women. 

"No. No! I'm not giving up! Rene! Help me! Get her arms!"

As Marlena's eyes lost their focus and her arms began to sag, Tabitha braced herself on the wall with one leg, and intertwined her arms. Rene joined in, and the pair tugged on Marlena. The straining and pain caused Marlena to refocus, and she began to slip out slightly, the thin but tough membrane stretching as Marlena's hips began to move. Her round ass flattened and compressed, and with a great final heave, the slime-coated woman shot out. Tabitha tumbled backwards, pulling Marlena on top of her. She could see and feel Marlena's brown nipples pressing against hers, hard nubs of warm arousal. Marlena smiled drunkenly, slurring out her words. 

"You saved meee..."

As Marlena writhed slowly atop Tabitha attempting to get to her feet, the movements felt uncomfortably sexual. Tabitha grabbed Marlena by the shoulders and shook her sharply. 

"Marlena! Stop! It's the slime!"

Marlena's eyes began to focus, but before she could reply they were interrupted by Rene's sharp sob. 

"Look at her."

All eyes turned towards the transparent wall, which bulged slightly under the weight of the thick, viscous fluid within. Amy's shrieks of terror had turned to whimpering, and she faced the other women through the membrane. The fluid was already up to her breasts. Amy pressed herself against the membrane, her hair matted over her eyes. Despite the thick runnels of slime, her tears were obvious. Amy's breasts compressed against the clear wall, heaving up and down with her rapid breathing. Her nipples painfully erect, tracing circles in the slimy wall. Amy was plainly in the grips of both terror and nearly crippling physical arousal. Despite the panicked facial expression, the small woman was nearing orgasm. She ground her thighs together seeking stimulation, and her pelvis rolled slowly in circles. As the slime reached her neck, Amy's eyes showed wild panic but her body continued its sensual undulations. Eventually the syrupy fluid covered her entirely, submerging her in clear goo. Her hair drifted in a dark nimbus around her head, displaying her wide almond eyes and small lips clearly. 

Marlena beat helplessly on the transparent wall, watching Amy claw uselessly from the other side. After a few moments, Amy let out a muffled scream. Air rushed out of her lungs, and the slime poured in. Amy began to shudder and quake, and all three women wept in sympathetic terror as they watched their small companion drowning. Though her movement slowed to a crawl, Amy's eyes continued to move wildly. In fact, though her breathing became labored, Amy was plainly still alive. Marlena could see Amy's breasts heave in slow motion as the woman's lungs struggled in the thick fluid. Her eyes rolled up into the back of her head, but the sexual movements that had started while she still had air, continued. Amy's limbs moved slowly and languidly, but it was clear she was in the grips of great pleasure from the rhythmic undulations of her pelvis. 

"What the fuck?" said Tabitha, backing away from the wall. "What is this?"

Rene stopped crying, and watched Amy's slow twitches through tear-filled eyes. 

"The fluid. It's the slime. It's oxygenated, I think. She's breathing, look at her. It's difficult to breathe from the looks of it, but she's plainly still alive."

Marlena stayed pressed against the wall, watching. Amy was no longer responding to outside stimulus, lost in the effort of breathing and the chemically induced orgasmic bliss. After what seemed like an eternity of shuddering pleasure, Amy's eyes suddenly refocused, and her limbs shook as her peak passed. Suddenly fully aware again, Amy turned her head from side to side, taking in her situation. Though she tried to swim to the wall, the slime was far too thick, and she only succeeded in turning slightly to face Marlena. The two women made eye contact, unable to reach each other through the wall and the slime. Marlena saw movement behind Amy, who saw her facial expression suddenly change. Amy tried to turn, but accomplished little besides drifting away from the wall.

Rene was the first to speak. "Oh god, it's crawling in there with her!" 

Marlena could see it most clearly. Several tentacles slid through the clenched orifice on the other wall of the chamber, pulling a larger mass behind them. The thing had a flexible sausage-shaped body dotted with eyespots, with tentacles of various lengths on both ends. The creature moved with unnerving ease through the slime, moving along an irregular course that would take it directly to Amy. Marlena screamed when she saw it slide up underneath Amy from behind, tentacles flared out but not yet touching the floating Chinese woman. Rene thought it looked like a squid preparing to strike, perhaps a Humboldt squid, but with tentacles at both ends. 

Amy drifted in the thick clear slime, watching her companions panicking through the rubbery transparent wall. Though she could see, she couldn't hear anything but the hammering of her heartbeat. Amy was exhausted from the effects of the slime. She had just been dragged from stark terror to shuddering ecstasy within moments, and her whole body ached from the exertion. Even now, she could feel her inner muscles clenching spasmodically, seeking something to fill her up. Distantly, Amy wondered why... perhaps she'd acquired a tolerance for the aphrodisiac, or maybe it had a short duration. Nevertheless she was aware again, conscious and mostly clear. It was then that she felt the first touch of the creature behind and below her. Moving with oily grace, the creature drifted up between her thighs, wrapping multiple tentacles around her simultaneously. 

First, one long thin tentacle slithered quickly up her back, causing her muscles to flutter ticklishly as it made its way up her toned back. Reaching the base of her neck, it quickly wound around it three times, and constricted slightly. Amy's head swam and she grew dizzy as the thing restricted the flow of blood to her brain. In addition to preventing her from struggling effectively, the creature would now be able to manipulate her orgasmic responses with well-timed squeezes. 

Another pair of long, nimble tentacles wove around Amy's arms, binding them firmly and pulling them behind her head, causing her pert bosom to jut provocatively upwards. Two more tentacles reached up beneath her arms, the ends splitting and flaring like fleshy blossoms. Each one settled upon her small but swollen breasts, engulfing them. Her nipples were quickly drawn up into tubes lined with cilia, gently but mercilessly stroked until engorged almost painfully. The ends of the tentacles pulsed rhythmically, causing Amy's eyelids to flutter and her mouth to move soundlessly at the feel of it. 

Two pairs of thick, sturdy tentacles wrapped themselves sinuously around Amy's upper thighs, pressing down on the smooth skin over her taut muscles. In addition to pulling her legs apart, it also moved the thing's body into direct contact with her most intimate parts. Fleshy tendrils sealed up tight contact with her vulva, while others pressed her firm buttocks apart and rubbed against her anus and perineum, inflaming the already overstimulated nerves anew. 

The numerous tentacles on the other end of the hideous creature gently drifted to the floor, finding purchase in the fleshy material and anchoring both it and Amy. The creature turned slightly to display Amy's thoroughly trussed body to the three women outside the enclosure as if to taunt them. The other women screamed helplessly at the sight, forced to watch as one of their number was sexually tormented into oblivion by a hideous nightmare thing. With its prey thoroughly bound up, the creature started to work.

Trussed up and helpless, struggling to breathe, Amy felt the creature's tendrils moving between her legs. A small tentacle lined with waving cilia slid across her flower, parting her labia and settling atop her clitoris. A tiny suction cup began to suckle her engorged button as the cilia fluttered lightly across it. A lightning bolt of pleasure lanced out, causing her overworked abdominal muscles to clench. Amy shuddered in the thing's relentless grasp. A thick, tongue-like organ slid slowly but inexorably inside her, reaching all the way to her cervix in a single push. She felt the thing slowly quiver and pulse, countless small tendrils stroking the velvety walls of her vagina. This gentle pleasure added to the shock of Amy's clitoris, melting what little resolve was left to her. The tentacle around her neck tightened, causing Amy's vision to fade somewhat as she shuddered in a short climax.

A second tendril, much like the one in Amy's vagina, slowly licked and circled her anus. When the delicate sphincter clench and spasmed, the thing slipped it in, stretching it open. Amy's eyes opened again with surprise as a mix of pain and pleasure snapped her out of her daze. A fleshy organ was winding its way inside her, through her anus, deep inside her rectum. Once it was lodged inside nearly a foot deep, the tentacle ceased its deep diving. The meaty thing simply twitched and pulsed distractingly, cilia on the outside stroking her internal flesh. The nerves there responded in kind, triggering another orgasmic spasm. 

With everything finally in place, the creature began to slowly wriggle the tentacle in Amy's rectum and vagina simultaneously, all the while rhythmically suckling on her clitoris and nipples. Within moments, Amy was shuddering and shaking, muffled whimpers of agonizing pleasure audible to the three women outside the chamber. The tentacles rapidly pistoned in and out of her inflamed orifices, in short strokes that caused her to jump and shake and flex. Amy's orgasm resembled a sort of epileptic seizure. Marlena, Tabitha, and Rene watched in fascinated horror as Amy was taken far beyond the level of human endurance but the sexual ministrations of her inhuman lover. Amy's orgasm went on and on and on, pausing now and then to allow her to recover. Amy's eyes were often clenched shut or rolled back in her head, but the beast seemed intent on keeping her aware of her situation. The moment she made eye contact with the three women, the torment resumed with ferocious intensity. 

After the third time that Amy lost consciousness and was awakened by the thing, she felt a new sensation in her groin. Something small but firm, perhaps the size of a gumball, was making its way up the tentacle through her vagina. Moments later, she felt the same thing in her anus. When the round thing reached the gates of her cervix, she understood. Eggs. While the others turned away in horror, Marlena watched the entire process. She saw something move through peristalsis up from the thing's body, followed by Amy's eyes suddenly widening in terror. As each one moved into her body, through her cervix or into her intestines, Amy felt a sharp pain, followed by a wave of intense chemical pleasure. Her entire pelvis exploded in sexual sensation, followed by a tingling thrill that raced up her spine. When it reached her head, the sensation was too intense to bear. It was almost as though Amy was being battered out of her mind by the agonizing bliss of oviposition. By the fifth pair of eggs, Marlena could see that Amy was semi-conscious, exhausted, and limp. She no longer resisted, instead just hanging limply and shuddering in the grasp of the creature. The Intai Juhen never stopped its stimulations, keeping her in a state of sexual pleasure well beyond sanity. After some length of time, the creature separated from Amy, who drifted lifelessly in the slime. Though she was still twitching and breathing, it appeared to the other women that Amy was gone, her mind shattered even as her body would incubate a new generation of tentacled horrors. 

When the creature began swimming towards the orifice nearest the three survivors, Marlena backed away in horror, turning towards Rene and Tabitha. 

"Run!"

As the first tentacle made its way through the clenched doorway, the women abandoned Amy to her fate and fled deeper into the fleshy red tunnels.