 This story picks up a bit after the loss of Amy Kwan in Ch. 07. You really should read it first... actually you should start with Ch. 01, and read the whole series. This would all make a bit more sense. If this were a movie, I imagine Trooper Marlena Fuentes played by actress Christian Serratos, Rosita from "The Walking Dead". The blond farm girl Tabitha would be played by British TV personality Gemma Atkinson of "Hollyoaks" fame. The scientist Rene DuBois would be played by Lupita Nyong'o of "Black Panther". That's just my head movie though, do as you like. 

===============

The three women fled through the tunnels, pursued somewhere far behind by a slithering nightmare which ululated now and then, driving them onwards. The tunnel walls were a meaty looking substance, interwoven with a vascular which periodically pulsed and throbbed sluggishly. Small nodules emitted a dim reddish glow, just enough to see by but leaving long stretches in darkness. 

Succumbing to exhaustion, Rene Dubois stopped running first. Her dark skin was coated with beads of sweat, and she gasped for air. The other two women noticed that she had fallen behind, and stopped in a dark place away from the nodules. 

"Rene, come on. We have to keep moving!" said Marlena. Though also tired, she was in better condition. She peered nervously down the tunnel, certain that the Intai Juhen creature would be upon then shortly. Tabitha, her body hardened by farm labor, seemed unphased. Tabitha walked over to Rene.

"Doctor, you saw what happened. You know these things better than we do. We have to keep moving. If it catches us, we don't have a chance."

Rene Dubois leaned against the wall, her head sagging. Suddenly, her eyes reacquired focus, and she looked up with a faint smile. 

"That's it. Us. If it catches us. That's how we get out of this."

Tabitha looked bewildered, staring at the smaller dark-skilled woman. Brushing her damp blond hair out of her face, Tabitha blurted, "What? What do you mean? Of course it will catch us."

"No, no. Let me explain. We studied these things, or something like it, back at the lab, before... before the attack. This thing is strong, and tough. More than a match for one person. Maybe even two. But it isn't meant for combat. It's a catcher, meant to take captives. It stuns you with something, chemicals or webbing, and then it... rapes you into catatonia with orgasms. Humans can handle pain, but not that much pleasure."

"How does this help?" interjected Marlena, "We already know all of this. We don't have any weapons."

"I know. Sorry. This sort of creature is usually an ambusher, and it only attacks one prey at a time. I've seen video of one like it assaulting two women at once... don't ask. But that requires all of its concentration. They aren't very intelligent when in situations outside of what the Injus design them for... it's basically a robot made of flesh."

From down the tunnel, a bloodcurdling wet howl sounded, closer than before. 

"Oh god. Move!"

Tabitha grabbed Rene, helping her to her feet, and the trio shuffled further on. 

"Do you trust me?" said Rene, speaking to her companions, "I have a plan... you won't like it."

As they jogged, Marlena said "we don't have a choice. What's the plan?"

Rene continued.

"At the next junction, we set a trap. Marlena, you are the bait. You have to wait in the intersection, and we will hide. Let it take you."

"Are you out of your fucking mind?"

"Hear me out. It has to be concentrating on you. If this works, you'll be fine. If not, it'll get us all anyway."

Marlena stopped. After a pause, she spoke again. 

"Go on."

Rene continued, turning to the blonde woman. "Once it is thoroughly engaged with her, Tabitha, you run out and grab it. I know you are the strongest one here. Just jump on it, and hold it down. It -should- try to take you as well, but it will be using up what little brainpower it has trying to defend itself, seduce Marlena, and seduce you all at once. That's when I'll hit it. If I move softly, I can get an arm inside the mantle in the front. I know the general anatomy. I think I can find the main brain analogue, and if I can, I can kill it."

"Kill it? How will you do that?"

Rene inhaled slightly, frowned, and looked at her left hand. 

"I have a weapon. Paralaxia gave some of us on the Intai Juhen research team an implant as a last-chance defense in case we needed it, given how much time we spent around those things. 

Tabitha and Marlena looked at each other, exchanging looks of disbelief. Rene held up her left palm, and pointed to a slight discoloration at the base.

"Right there. It's not much to look at, doesn't show up on medscans either. There is a synthetic bone spike in my left arm. It has a nanotox cocktail that will kill any Inju construct we've studied. I only get one shot, and it hurts a lot when I do it. I have to get in close, but I know it'll work on this thing. I have to get inside it though."

As Rene whispered, the trio kept moving, eventually coming to a junction. They looked around, considering their choice of battlefields. Tabitha spoke first, staring up at the ceiling of the tunnel. 

"Doctor, the Injus don't do rectangles, do they?"

Tabitha was pointing at the ceiling, where the outline of a small rectangle was barely discernible through the fleshy substance of the tunnel. She reached up, dug in with her fingernails, and pulled a thin layer of meat off the object. 

"It's a plastic sign. Marlena, look at this. It's... this is the old Agarwal Mine."

Rene looked confused. "The what?"

"It was a monazite mine, just outside of town. Local kids used to party down here. They closed it down a century ago, but it... the Injus turned it into this. Fuck."

Marlena smiled for the first in weeks. "I knew there was something familiar about the layout", she said, "I know this place. There's more than one way in and out. If we can kill that goddamn thing, I think we can get out." 

Pausing, and staring at the sign, Marlena muttered under her breath. "

OK, I'm in. Just don't let it take me for real."

"I won't." replied Tabitha, as she scooped the smaller Hispanic woman into a crushing hug.

The three women came together in a huddle, whispering out of habit. 

"OK. Marlena... you stay in the intersection. Make a fight of it, but don't run from it. You will lose, but you have to keep it interested for this to work. We have to wait for it to fully commit, so this will be hard on you. Can you do this?"

Face pale with dread and eyes wrenched closed, Marlena simply nodded affirmatively.

"Tabitha, you hide over there, and watch for my signal. When I wave, you go. Try to get it off her. You won't budge it, but that's okay - just make it work hard to take you both for as long as you can. Can you do it?"

"Yeah. I got it - kick its ass while it is fucking us out of our minds."

"Once you two are fully... engaged, I'll do my part." continued Rene. "One way or another, this'll be over in a few minutes. Then we can go find Amy. There are ways to undo what the Injus do to us."

Marlena took up a place in the center of the intersection of tunnels, while Rene and Tabitha disappeared down the side tunnels. Short minutes alone crawled by over a subjective eternity of waiting for the creature. Though she knew the other women were very close, she suddenly felt very, very alone. She could hear the wet slithering as the Inju came closer and closer in the darkness, and the brief flare of hope Rene had given her rapidly turned to dread. 

"Come on you fucker, come on. Let's get this over with..." Marlena growled. Her muscles bunched in anticipation under her damp, olive skin as she assumed a crouching fighting stance. At the limits of her vision, she could see the thing draw into view. A ten foot long fleshy tube, tentacles waving slowly out of both ends. Marlena noted that the thing had apparently exchanged its long swimming fins for a dozen stubby legs, each ending in little grasping tendrils. The creature moved sinuously across the floor like a millipede, stopping about ten feet from her, and rearing up about a meter off the ground. Its slimy skin shifted color to match the lighting and shadow as it moved forward. 

"Fuck you, you fucki-" Marlena's taunt was interrupted by a sudden gout of clear slime striking her in the face, landing in her eyes and mouth. An additional blast landed upon her pert breasts, flat belly, and her trim pubic mound. Marlena staggered backwards, hands coming up to wipe her eyes. The creature paused, waiting for the toxin to take effect. Within seconds the Hispanic woman's knees buckled, and she crumpled onto her back with a wet slap. Some dim part of her brain remembered the briefing when the invasion first started. "Liquid foreplay", they had called it. Everyone laughed then, but this wasn't funny at all. Reduced to a twitching heap of lust on the slimy floor of the tunnel, Marlena gasped as the sudden surge of arousal disrupted her ability to resist the Inju. Her nipples flared up into hard, erect peaks. Her eyes dilated as ripples of tingling warmth flooded out across any part of her skin that the fluid touched. She was dimly aware of wetness gathering in her flower, trickling out and flowing down between her thighs. 

In spite all of this, Marlena pulled her knees up, and was rolling forward to make a fight of it when the Inju finally closed the distance and was upon her. Its tentacles were spread wide just like they had been when it took Amy in the slime-filled trap chamber, eight long muscular ones radiating out from the edges surrounding a myriad of small reddish tubes and tendrils, all writhing and drooling and twitching hungrily. Marlena kicked clumsily, her foot connecting with the meaty base of one of the tentacles, only to have the leg instantly entwined from ankle to mid-thigh. Marlena could feel countless small suction cups on her inside thigh, each nibbling and suckling at the soft brown skin. Momentarily distracted by the intensely pleasurable feeling, the other tentacles wrapped up her other limbs quickly. One tentacle slithered across her belly and chest, ridges and cilia brushing across her clitoris and labia as it worked its way around her throat. Marlena's cry of pleasure was cut short as it suddenly tightened around her neck and she was yanked forward into the waiting mass of tendrils at the front of the Inju's maw. 

Marlena screamed despite the constriction as everything between her belly and thighs was suddenly covered in a sopping wet mass of writhing slimy tendrils and tubes. Every part of her womanhood was simultaneously caressed, licked, suckled, and stroked. Marlena's labia were teased apart, and the hood covering her clitoris was pushed clear of the engorged bud. A small fleshy tube settled on top of it and immediately sucked it inside, where tiny filaments stroked every single nerve cluster at once, with devastating accuracy. Marlena's hips thrashed as she tried to escape the agonizing pleasure, but nothing worked. She tried to thrash and pull free, flailing her limbs uselessly and even biting at the tentacle nearest her face uselessly. The tentacle around her throat tightened and cut the flow of blood to her brain. Marlena's vision grew blurry and darkened around the edges, and her struggles grew weak. After a minute of attempting to fruitlessly struggle, Marlena started to pass out. The creature refused to allow her that mercy, however, and loosened its grip on her throat. All the while, it continued to work unceasingly upon her, inflicting pleasure of intolerable intensity. 

As her vision and awareness returned, Marlena was still aware enough to feel as something thick and meaty slipped easily past her gates and deep into her vagina, again brushing every sensitive spot with some ridge or tendril. Her velvety cunt spasmed violently, gripping the intruding tentacle like a fist. Marlena's eyes rolled back in her head and she screamed as she suffered the first of many orgasms. Marlena arched her back in bliss, her light brown breasts jutted into the air, capped by protruding dark nipples, engorged and sensitive. One of the unoccupied larger tentacles settled across her chest and wrapped around her firm breasts, covering her nipples with the suction cups and adding to the torment. 

As Marlena crashed into her second orgasm, the tendrils gently circling her anus pressed inward and opened her. A second thicker tendril, identical to the one plundering her womanhood, pressed into Marlena with great speed. The shock of entry snapped Marlena back to full awareness of her plight, and her struggles renewed. The sadistic creature began pistoning the tentacle in and out of her ass, ridges and filaments caressing her from within. The tentacle pushed deep inside, filling her while still quivering and pistoning. Protected from injury by the soft flesh of the tentacle and the thick lubricant, Marlena felt an intense feeling of degradation from this penetration, even as waves of pleasure radiated out from her rectum and even her colon in a way that could only have been triggered by the Inju fluid. The creature could psychically sense her emotions, savored them, and was spurred on to greater efforts. 

Marlena tried to fight the pleasure, and lasted longer than most women could. Shaking and thrashing, suspended in a web of agonizing pleasure, she held onto her self-identity for infinitely long minutes. Inevitably it was too much, resisting a creature designed by alien intelligences for the sole purpose of pleasuring a human into catatonia, and Marlena's eyes rolled back and she went limp. Her violent thrashing melted slowly into languid writhing and twitching, and the Inju creature began the process of imprinting her chemically. Marlena's head lolled around, her mouth open, and she emitted a weak moan of pleasure as the betentacled horror continued fucking her into oblivion.

===============

Prompted into action by Rene's frantic gesticulating across the tunnel, Tabitha suddenly charged out from her hiding place. Her long limbs and tall frame hardened by years of both farm work and rugby, Tabitha resolved that this horrible thing would not take Marlena. Emitting a loud growl of rage fueled by the long hours of running, Tabitha struck the Inju worm-thing with her best flying tackle and landed right on its back with a loud splat. Contrary to her expectations, it was like hitting a heavy bag, solid with little give. The impact knocked the wind out of Tabitha, but she locked her long legs onto the thing, grabbed it by the root of a tentacle, and started punching it like a bar-brawler. Anything that looked important or delicate, Tabitha slammed her balled up fist into it, fending off the unoccupied tentacles from the front. 

"Marlena! Marlena! Hang in there!" she yelled, "I'm here! Stay with me!"

Tabitha's body was curvy and well endowed, with full breasts heaving freely as she fought the Inju, muscular thighs clenching onto the creature's midsection with tenacity and strength. While Tabitha battered the alien with all her might, she was not immune to the small amounts of Inju slime that covered more and more of her glistening body, applied by writhing tentacles. 

Tabitha screamed in pain as one of the tentacles from the posterior cluster whipped up over the thing's back, striking across her shoulder. Tabitha lashed out with her free hand and grabbed the tentacle, hooking it under her arm. The foot or so of tentacle on the end flailed around for a moment before it latched onto her right breast with numerous tiny suction cups. Distracted by the repeated blows and the increasing tingles from her rapidly engorging nipples, she was surprised when the creature suddenly dropped flat to the ground and seized both of her lower legs with its own numerous legs. Tabitha was startled and helpless to get free when the Inju suddenly rolled to the side, carrying her underneath the thing's considerable bulk. In the same motion, Marlena was turned over onto her belly like a limp ragdoll, her beautiful tanned and shapely ass hoisted up and her long tangled black hair covering her slack face, muffling her weak moans. 

Pinned beneath the heavy body of the creature, Tabitha was unable to breathe. The air was pushed from her lungs, and her head quickly began to swim. Tabitha's large, firm breasts were pushed to either side of the Inju's body, glistening in the dim light with aphrodisiac slime. The blond woman continued to rain blows down on her tormentor, growing weaker and feebler within moments. Tears of frustration poured down the sides of Tabitha's face, faint sobs shaking her frame despite being pinned. Before she was able to black out, the creature shifted slightly and lifted off of her using its unoccupied legs. 

Tabitha could feel that her body was coated with slime, both from the floor and from the creature's bulk, and the slime was easing her passage as the Inju slid her forward in small motions. Still weak and exhausted from her struggles, Tabitha was unable to resist the feeling of the creature's pebbly but rubbery hide brushing across her breasts and pubic mound. Her breathing became shallow and rapid, and though she still tried to strike the thing's flanks with her balled fists, there was no power behind the blows. Tabitha's forward motion came to a stop when the creature had positioned her where it wanted her. Two strong tentacles wound around her arms, seizing her and keeping her trapped.

With her dizziness fading, Tabitha looked up and found her head protruding directly underneath Marlena's pelvis. The soldier was stretched out on her belly, her shuddering hips suspended over Tabitha's face from tentacles as the Inju continued to drive its tongue-like members into her anus and vagina, slowly pounding the twitching woman past insanity. Marlena's creamy olive thighs were on both sides of Tabitha's head, and a copious amount of fluid, some from the creature and some from Marlena's inhumanly lubricating core, dripped into Tabitha's face and hair. The smell of sex was thick, almost eye-watering, and Tabitha also became wet as arousal overcame her anger. The muscular blond woman felt the creature moving beyond her limited range of vision, and tried to kick her legs free. Entangled and weak, her efforts were useless. Tabitha moaned at the sight and taste and smell of Marlena's forced orgasmic bliss, but still managed to mutter at the creature. 

"Go... uhnnn go fuck yourself you... ohh ohh... you fucking worm."

Tabitha's half-hearted string of profanity was cut short with a gasp when she felt one of the posterior tentacles slide between her thighs and up against her vulva. While the back end of the creature lacked the specialized tendrils currently tormenting Marlena, the half dozen long tentacles were covered with cilia and suction cups. One of these rubbed slowly around between Tabitha's legs, teasing her clitoris with fine waving filaments and pressing against her labia. Another one, similarly equipped, pressed against her anus. A trickle of vaginal secretions flowed over her crack, lubricating the sphincter for the second tentacle. Both tentacles slid into Tabitha's depths, first into her vagina, and then into her anus. The creature filled her and withdrew, stretching the walls of both channels in a complex rhythm no human male could hope to match, syncopated in an insidiously arousing way to her heartbeat. Within a short interval, Tabitha could feel herself nearing an orgasm. As if to emphasize the point, the Inju lowered Marlena's shuddering hips until her soft, curly black pubic hair rested upon Tabitha's cheek. "Noooo you son of a..." she cried out as the first orgasm took her. The creature was mocking them, creating an obscene parody of a sex act between the two women while Tabitha was still sane enough to weep.
