 Dear readers, this episode is completely different from the previous two, in both theme and style. If hentai-like crazy tentacles are not your cup of tea, then consider Yourself warned.

-----------------------------

Casey had no idea what had happened, at one point she was jogging in her neighbourhood and now she was... where exactly? She felt as if she had lost consciousness at some point, but had no idea how long she had been out. The woman was in an empty sterile-looking room, it did not resemble any of the places she had seen before. The floor and walls were made of a grey material that looked like something between steel and plastic, but was surprisingly warm and pleasant to the touch. Casey could feel the warmth through her feet as well because all of her clothes were gone. There were no windows nor lamps, but the room was comfortably light. The woman understood that there were reasons to be terrified, but for now she simply felt utterly confused. What even was this place, Area 51?!

Without any warning nor sound the floor in the middle of the room began to open; it was unlike the sliding of steel trap-door in a hangar, more like a rapid blossoming of a flower, the motion was silent, smooth and strangely beautiful. What emerged from the opening was not nearly as beautiful, but was not appalling either. The things looked like sprouts of a huge plant, even the green colour matched, but they behaved more like tentacles as they scoured their surroundings; Casey suspected that she knew what they were searching for. The sprouts-tentacles were not all identical, while there did not seem to be a limit to their length, they varied greatly in girth, from the size of a finger to that of an arm. Their ends differed as well, some were plain and smooth like ordinary sprouts would be, others had suckers at the very end, while some strangely resembled human penises. The last type caused Casey to become suspicious of the creature's intentions, although it might have been all her anthropomorphic imagination.

There was nowhere to run and Casey was mentally strong enough not to panic, so she just waited and hoped that the creature meant her no harm. Four thicker sprouts reached for the woman and coiled around her ankles and wrists, a fifth one grabbed her waist; she had not gotten fully immobilized because the sprouts did not held her completely stiffly, but it did not leave her with any real means of resistance either. Her position, while mentally unsettling, was physically not uncomfortable. 

Those five sprouts were just the beginning though, as they lifted her off the ground and spread her limbs wide more sprouts engaged her body. A thin plain one approached her nipple and poked it few times, then it coiled around her breast and began to squeeze it gently. Another one with a sucker on its end neared the nipple, at first it only poked just like its predecessor, but then sucked onto the already erect teat. No vibrator or any other sexy toy could compare with that feeling, the sprout was moist and soft, it sucked tightly onto the nipple, then began to stimulate it by altering the pressure and gently vibrating. The one around the breast was not idle either and continued its activity of squeezing and massaging. Something similar was occuring at the second breast as well; that stimulation was enough to make Casey forget about any potential danger and start moaning softly.

Other parts of the woman's body were receiving attention as well and in a similar fashion. A thin sprout approached her clitoris and poked it several times, but then withdrew and got replaced by one with a sucker; when that one sucked onto Casey's tender part and began its stimulation her moans got louder. Two plain thin sprouts were stroking the vaginal lips behaving like a human's tongue could, only there were two of them at once; the vagina was quickly getting moist.

Another thin sprout, this one was a penis shaped, approached the anus. It gently poked the entrance few times, then shot a little of some liquid which was supposed to play the role of a lubricant. Using its own lube the sprout pushed few centimetres inside the anus and continued to spray the liquid there, it progressed slowly deeper into Casey's body generously using the lubricant. When the sprout eventually became satisfied with its work it withdrew completely and left Casey's anus slippery and ready for its bigger friend. The woman did not have to wait too long for another sprout, this one's end also resembled a penis, but was significantly larger, it was as thick as a penis of a well endowed man; it also made few probationary pokes at the anus before entering.

The intrusion caused Casey to issue a louder groan. Before the sprout inside of the anus proceeded any deeper another similar one approached the woman's body, it joined the two thin ones at the vagina; by that time they had managed to make it soaking wet. The thin sprouts never ceased to caress the outer folds of the vagina as the thick one slowly entered it; the "sucker" at the clit did not stop either.

Not much time had passed since the sprouts took hold of Casey, but by the time the two "penises" entered her orifices the woman had already lost the passage of time; fear was gone too and got replaced by arousal.

The suckers on nipples and clitoris increased their pressure causing the woman to increase the volume of her groans. As the two "penises" proceeded deeper into her holes, cries began to escape her mouth as well. Most likely there was a limit to the length of the sprouts, but compared to the limitations of the human's body it was negligible; Casey was about to check how deeply she could be penetrated. She mostly kept her eyes closed, so she could not see the little bulge appearing on her belly as the anal sprout moved where no man could reach. Her womb was not nearly as deep, but it was turning out that it could accommodate more than had imagined. Of course the sprouts did not only proceed inwards, once they reached their desired depth they began to move back and forth. The vaginal one reached the limits quicker, so it started the active stimulation while its "companion" was still going inwards.

The initial penetration was slow and careful despite the fact that Casey's both holes were soaking wet, it seems as if the creature (or maybe multiple creatures) wanted to probe her and check her limits. The woman did not analyze it so thoroughly though, she simply enjoyed the stimulation and sunk deeper into the arousal it caused.

The sprouts were accelerating slowly and had not reached an overly fast pace when something happened that caused Casey to open her eyes wide - the anal sprout had gotten company. Another "penis" of a similar girth approached her back door and was pushing itself in, it tried to be gentle, but double anal penetration by two thick penises can never be truly gentle. Casey issued a long low groan as he sphincter was being slowly stretched. Once the sprout got in it joined its companion in the penetration, although they moved completely out of rhythm with each other. The bulge on the woman's belly became more prominent as it moved up and down on the front of her body.

Casey did not receive any chance to at least partially regain composure, because her vagina soon met the same fate as her anus - another thick "penis" gently pushed itself in causing the woman to cry out in unexpected albeit rough pleasure. The other sprouts changed their approach too, the suckers increased the pressure and intensity of the stimulation on her nipples and clitoris, the thin ones coiled around her breasts became more active as well, squeezing them more tightly, then releasing their grip, all done at a faster pace; Casey felt that she was nearing an orgasm. It took only several more moments of the multi-pronged stimulation before the woman climaxed, it was an exquisitely intense sensation, Casey's body trembled in her organic bounds, she issued loud ecstatic moans and cries, her anal and vaginal muscles clenched, but with the thick intrusions never ceasing the relentless penetration the clenching meant little. 

Apart from the earlier intensification of the stimulation the sprouts altered nothing when Casey climaxed. They also continued to shoot moderate amounts of their lubricating fluids which had more positive effects as well - they increased the durability of the skin of the tender parts through which they were absorbed, they improved the woman's overall stamina as well. Both features of the fluids were necessary, because the sprouts exhibited no intentions of stopping, they only halted accelerating for the duration of Casey's orgasm. 

When the climax subsided the woman was breathing heavily, when she calmed down she resumed the moans and cries, the multi-pronged stimulation was still pleasurable after all. But she received only several moments of such "active rest" before things were taken to a higher level. If Casey had thought that two thick "penises" per hole were a lot, which they definitely were, she was in for a shock, because a third pair approached her and began to wiggle their way into her body. She again issued a long low groan which soon turned into a high-pitched shriek as all of the "suckers" increased their pressure. The two new sprouts slowly pushed into both of her holes at the same time, they were just as thick as those already present and stretched her orifices beyond levels she had imagined possible. But they cause her no harm, sure the crazy pleasure was accompanied by discomfort, but it was bearable and not painful. 

The two pairs of sprouts ravaging Casey's anus and vagina never ceased the penetration, so the moving bulge on her belly slowly grew larger and its motions became more chaotic. The third pair eventually got as deep as it was possible in the crowded space, but still they never formed a rhythm and each continued to move back and forth in its own pace.

Casey's clit was large and swollen from the constant sucking, it had also gotten incredibly tender; the "sucker' worked a bit like the pump sex toys, only significantly more sophisticated and versatile, it also seemed to have a consciousness of sorts, or at least the creature that it belong to had. The woman's nipples were also erect and swollen beyond their usual size, her breasts kept their firmness although they were being constantly groped, squeezed and pulled by the thin plain sprouts.

There was only one opening left in Casey's body that had not been invaded yet, but that was about to change as well; soon her moans and cries were muffled as another "penis" approach her and entered her mouth. The woman was proficient at deepthroating even the largest of penises, she could withhold her gag reflex and hold her breath for a long time. But she had never swallowed something like that, not to mention that each of her hole was being triple-penetrated and all other tender parts of her body were receiving insane stimulation. All she could do though was to pull her head back and let it happen. Like all of its predecessors this sprout was also gentle, but Casey still preferred to make things easier for it, she opened her mouth wide and relaxed her throat muscles. The sprout carefully proceeded deeper, eventually reaching the point that only the largest of penises had touched. 

The woman was fit and had a strong will, so she could hold her breath for a long time, but with all the insane stimulation it was nearly impossible to focus. At some point Casey simply tried to inhale... and succeeded, the air tasted weird but not unpleasant, but most importantly it was possible for her to breath with the "penis" in her throat. It was not exactly comfortable, but better than suffocating; it was also kind of exciting because of the novelty and uniqueness of the experience. She of course could not see it herself, but the bulge on her throat was even more prominent than that on her belly. 

Just like the other sprouts this one was not going to just go deep and stay, as soon as it reached its desired depth it began to withdraw, only to soon return slightly quicker; it moved back and forth slowly picking up the pace. What Casey could not know was the face that the air she breathed through the penis-sprout included a drug which had a similar effect as the lubricants shot into her other orifices.

There seemed to be no more space on Casey's body for any new sprouts to enter, but the creature still had some tricks in its pocket. From the pit emerged two more tentacles and these actually resembled tentacles, apart from the green colour that they shared with their companions; they were thicker, had one side flat and covered with suckers, but different than those attending Casey's nipples and clitoris. The tentacles wrapped around the woman's upper thighs, their ends coiled over her buttocks, the suckers sucked onto her sweaty skin; as soon as they had assumed the position the suckers began to send light electric impulses which stimulated the tender flesh further. Casey had no way to moan louder because of the "penis" filling her throat, but she clearly felt the new sensation despite the fact that her senses were almost overloaded. She loved it although her hazy mind no longer formulated such clear thoughts.

These were all the tricks that the creature had to offer, but that did not mean that the sex (for the lack of better word) was over, quite the opposite; now with the entire arsenal presented the creature could use its full potential on the willing victim.

The various sprouts reached their desired pace which was almost frantic and continued to stimulate Casey in all imaginable ways for few more minutes until she reached another climax. The sprout in her throat withdrew so she could breath and scream freely, the rest continued their work. The woman's orgasm was more intense than anything she had ever experienced, her brain became almost a putty, able to register only the pleasure and ecstasy. In other circumstances such sensation might have been too exhausting, but the fluids and gases injected into Casey's body kept her in a perfect physical form.

Once her climax ended all the sprouts slowed down significantly to give her another "active rest", but neither fully stopped; the bulges on her belly kept moving up and down chaotically, the sucking and vibrations continued as well. Eventually the sprouts accelerated once again and assaulted Casey's senses with all of their might. The woman lost the sense of time completely, she basically lost the sense of everything apart from the intense carnal pleasure.

In normal circumstances the post-orgasmic stimulation could have been uncomfortable or even painful, but many things could be said about Casey's situation, but not that it was normal. The woman experienced no pain and forgot about any discomfort, but she was not in the state to count either, so she was not aware of how many orgasms she experienced before the grand finale.

An indicator of change was the fact that the oral sprout withdrew fully from Casey's throat although she was not climaxing, the anal and vaginal ones soon followed its lead, but not completely, they withdrew so that only the penis-shaped endings remained inside of the woman's body; the bulges on her belly disappeared but her orifices were still stretched. It was then that the sprouts began ejaculating, this one thing they did in unisono; their seed (or whatever the fluid was) began to fill Casey's stretched womb and anus, pouring deeper into her bowels. The bulge on her belly began to grow once again, this time even larger but more regular; the woman groaned as her body got larger and heavier. 

The flow of the fluids seemed endless, by the time the sprouts finally finished ejaculating Casey looked as if she was in a late stage of pregnancy, her belly swollen and heavy. All the sprouts from the bottom part of her body began to withdraw completely, but before any significant portion of the fluid managed to ooze out two new sprouts emerged from the pit and clogged her orifices. This pair was plain but nearly as thick as the three "penises" combined. The nipple suckers were next and they too were replaced by a pair of even larger suckers, these covered not only the nipples, but the entire front side of the breasts. The thin plain sprouts remained on the woman's breasts, but had loosened their grip. The five sprouts holding her above the ground remained in their places as well.

Casey was still in an ecstatic hazy state and while she was aware of the changes occurring she did not fully comprehend them. As soon as all the new sprouts assumed their position their activity commenced, albeit in a different fashion. The large thick sprouts remained immobile, doing nothing but clogging the orifices; the ones at the breasts did all the work. The thin sprouts massaged the breasts while the large "suckers" sucked onto them with an unprecedented force. Slowly the bulge on Casey's belly began to diminish while her breasts began to grow; the process was not painful or uncomfortable, it felt awkward but at the same time strangely arousing. 

The large "suckers" pumped relentlessly with the support of the thin sprouts which kept massaging the growing breasts. They did not stop when Casey's breasts reached the size of approximately H-cups, but something did change - the woman began to lactate. Her breasts might have stopped growing, but the bulge on her belly had not fully diminished yet, but the sucking continued and the fluids had to go somewhere. While traversing through Casey's body in that alien fashion the fluids were altered, but the woman was not in mood to register such details.

The "milk" (for the lack of better word) kept flowing from Casey's nipples and was sucked into the sprouts. Despite the multiple earlier orgasms the woman was once again becoming aroused, this time by a different strange process. The sucking continued even when Casey's belly got flat and firm, although at that point the fat sprouts withdrew from her orifices with a loud 'plop', it was accompanied by an equally loud moan on the woman's part.

The "suckers" stopped only when Casey's breasts returned to their original size; or was it original? Were they not a cup size larger now? The woman could eventually learn that when she returned home and tried her old bra. IF she returned home. Before the sucking ended the sprouts managed to bring Casey to one more orgasm, this one not as intense as the previous ones though.

When all of the "active" sprouts finally withdrew from Casey's body, the five supporting ones gently put her on the ground, then hid in the pit as well. The woman, now left without any form of external stimulation, finally had the comfort to simply pass out from exhaustion.

Casey woke up confused, she was... lying on the grass, yes, that was grass. It was dark... this was the path on which she had been jogging. What had happened? Had it all been just a dream? If so then why was she naked? And awfully horny? She no longer felt tired... One of her hands reached between her legs, all seemed fine; being moist for no reason is fine, isn't it? The other palm grabbed her own breast. Was it really larger? If so, would that be bad? What was actually kind of bad was the fact that she was two kilometres from home and naked; fortunately it was night and the neighbourhood was overall perfectly safe. Apart from alien abduction that is. Would anyone believe her story? Did she believe it herself?