 AUTHOR'S NOTES:

Please note that there is virtually no sex in the first two thirds of this story.  If you're looking for pure stroke, just skip ahead to page 4 and you'll get a nice dose of hot sticky action.

This story is erotic fantasy, set in a world of magic.

This tale takes place in the same world as my core Danica story and all my other stories in Sci-Fi/Fantasy on Lit.

This tale is history for Christi from my Blackhawk Hall series.  Christi tells Arilee about her first girl-girl encounter in Blackhawk at one point, and this is that story in full.  Don't worry, there are more Arilee tales coming as well, set both before and after Blackhawk.

The occasional use of "modern" measurements and such is a product of my fantasy world.  I know most who read fantasy would probably prefer "leagues", "cubits", and "handspans" but my world always utilized modern terms for distances and measures.  I hope it doesn't jar too much to detract from the story.

)-)-
|C~C::::::::::::::::::::::
**

Christi flipped her dark ponytail back over her shoulder with a sigh, and leaned up against the side of the building, where she had been for quite some time.  Wrinkling her nose and shaking her head a bit did nothing to chase away the smell of sweat and animals that hung over the wagon yard.  She was drenched in sweat, her clothing starting to cling to her, and she was ready to give up for another day.

Closing her eyes for a moment, she tried to relax, and decided that she would stay for a bit longer.  What little coin she had would only last her a few days, even staying in the hostel and fighting off the advances of all the men who thought that she would be easy prey — a lone woman amongst so many men who lived by the sword.

The last job she had picked up — a long boring walk beside a slow moving wagon from here to the city of Freeland and back — hadn't paid much.  It had been enough to prevent her from having to return home again, and allowed her to build up coin to make another go at having a life of her own — but not by much.

She knew why she was rarely chosen by the various merchants, and never by the mercenary companies.  Her father had told her right from the start that she was going to have a hard time making a living as a sellsword, because it was an endeavor dominated by men.  Women were seen as people who needed protecting, not someone to offer protection.  Even he had been skeptical at first, until he saw her skill when she trained with her brothers.  When she had managed to score a point on him in a sparring match, which it had taken her over a year to convince him to undertake, she had won him over.  Christi's father was a simple, practical man, and the grizzled old veteran knew skill when he saw it.

A whistle and a few words that she couldn't quite make out across the distance broke through Christi's musing.   A pair of young men, also sellswords looking for work, stared in her direction and gestured for her to approach.  One of them grabbed his crotch and yelled, "Come over here, and I'll give you some work!"

Christi put her hands behind her and pushed away from the building, causing her firm breasts to jut out and press against the sweat-soaked material of her shirt.  She looked at the man who was gripping his crotch, her expression suggestive, and walked toward them.

Letting her hips sway, Christi watched the men eye her body as she sauntered toward them.  She was toned and tanned from time out in the sun, and practicing to keep her fighting edge.  She knew the effect her body had on men, and she played it for all it was worth.  The two men laughed and started gesturing again.

Fools, she thought, stiffening her gate somewhat, so that her breasts would bounce a little more.

One of the men she was walking toward said, "That's right — come on over here.  We'll give you plenty of work.  You can polish our swords for us."

Christi reached them and let out a little purr.  "So, you like what you see, do you? I suppose you want to get a good look between my legs, too?"

The man with the scar on his cheek chuckled and replied, "You get right to the point don't you?"

Christi smiled and simply said, "Yes, I do," before grabbing his shoulder and bringing her knee up hard into the man's crotch.  He dropped immediately to his knees with a groan that was an octave or so higher than the tone of his voice a moment earlier.

The other man spent too long gaping at his moaning buddy.  Using the kneeling man's head for added balance, she snap kicked the second one in the groin.  She didn't want asshole number two to feel left out.  This one fell over backwards, and then curled up, gripping his groin and moaning in pain.

Christi looked down at them with a crooked grin and said, "I thought you might get a better view from down there, since you're closer."

Laughter burst from the other mercenaries, spreading as those who had seen what happened told those who had missed it.  Christi walked between the two men, swaying her ass outrageously, and then headed toward a water barrel with a dipper hanging on the edge.

Christi filled the dipper and took a drink.  She was in the process of dipping it again when another woman walked up to the barrel and chuckled.  "Nice kick."

Christi propped a hip against the barrel and took another sip, appraising the woman who had spoken to her.  She had on a sleeveless jerkin that revealed well-defined arms and legs — muscular but still feminine.  Her breasts, as large as Christi's, strained against the blouse beneath the jerkin.   The blouse was short, not meant to be tucked into her skirt, and the bottom two buttons were open, revealing hints of her abdomen — the soft lines belying the muscles that certainly must be there.

Her hair was short, and so dark as to be almost black.  She had a slightly square jaw and somewhat narrow eyes, giving her features an overall look that brought the word dangerous to Christi's mind.  The smile the woman wore helped to soften that look, as did the sparkle in her eyes.

Nodding to acknowledge the statement, Christi took her drink and hung the dipper back on the barrel.  With a grin, she replied, "Thanks.  I'm always at my best working for a noble cause."

The woman laughed, throwing her head back a bit as she did so.  "I like that attitude.  I guess you're looking for work too, huh?"

Christi nodded and sighed.  "If I don't convince someone to hire my sword soon, I'm going to be back home trying to build up enough coin to try again in a year or two."

The woman snorted and nodded her head in understanding.  "It's not easy for a woman, that's for sure.  I just got fed up with the company I've been with for a year now, and decided to seek my fortune elsewhere.  Rochelle Sornama."

"Christi Crimm."

"You any relation to Crimm the Grim?"

Christi smiled and replied, "That's my father."

Rochelle put her hands on her hips, inclining her head slightly, "That's a name that should serve you well.  Crimm the Grim is a name everybody has heard."

With a shrug, Christi admitted, "I had to pull it out to get my last job, but I'm trying to stand on my own merits."

"If that kick is any indication of your skill, you have plenty of merit to stand on."

Christi sighed and stretched.  "I think I'm going to give it up for the day, and celebrate with a nice stiff drink."

Rochelle glanced to the side and suggested, "I'd wait a bit if I were you," nodding in the direction she was looking.

Christi turned and saw a muscular man in well-appointed armor walking toward the wagon yard.  He glanced at the men standing around hoping for work, and certainly appeared to be in the market.

"Let's go put ourselves on the block and see if he's buying," Rochelle declared, and walked toward the man.  Christi adjusted her sword belt and followed.

As the pair approached, along with most of the men in the yard, Christi heard the man shout, "My name is Raptor, and I'm the Captain of the Blue Hawks.  I just picked up a new job, and I'm a little short on manpower.  I'll be forming a small company for this job, and those who prove themselves will find a place in the Hawks.  I'm looking for men who have their own kits and weapons, and know how to use them.  We'll be facing orcs, so I don't want any parade walkers.  This isn't guard duty.  You will be fighting — guaranteed."

Several of the men, obviously not liking the sound of the dangers, turned away and returned to lounging in the yard.  Christi and Rochelle continued toward the smaller group now gathering in front of Raptor.

One of the men propped his foot on a wagon wheel and asked, "What's the pay?"

Raptor looked over at him.  "You'll get a Freeland crown per day, with bonuses for those who prove they've earned it.  If you let me know a way to find them, your pay will go to your next of kin if you get killed.  I've got a cleric in the company, so I don't lose many men, thanks to his healing magic."

Christi let out a sound of surprise.  Most mercenary bands didn't have clerics, and fewer still promised the pay of the fallen to their kin.  The man sounded like a good employer, and it was an opportunity for a long-term arrangement.

Raptor was already pointing out men he had chosen when the two women approached.  When his eyes fell on them he said, "Rochelle? I thought you were with Farthall and his dogs?"

Rochelle put her hands on her hips and responded, "We had a falling out."

"His loss.  This is perfect, because the job is a rescue of a couple of women.  The man with the coin will appreciate seeing some women along to protect their virtue." Nodding at Christi, he asked, "And who are you?"

Her intention to stand on her own merits be damned, Christi offered her full name, because the job sounded too good to pass up.  "Christi Crimm."

"Kin to Crimm the Grim?"

Christi nodded and answered, "My father."

Turning back to Rochelle, Raptor asked, "You know her? Does she live up to old Grim's reputation?"

Rochelle put an arm over Christi's shoulder and replied, "We just met, but she's got a damn fine kick, and she's quick.  If her old man let her come out here without protest, she's got something going for her."

Raptor snorted and nodded his head.  "You're both in." He then turned and finished selecting the remainder of the men he would take with him.  Once he had selected the members of the new company, he told them to get their kits and get back to him as quickly as possible.

Christi returned to the hostel to retrieve her pack and other weapons from the man who ran the place, made sure nothing was missing, and hurried back out to the yard with a smile on her face.  She wouldn't be forced to return home any time soon with the pay from this job.

Once all the members of the new company returned, Raptor called out, "Let's move you dogs.  We've got a bit of walking to do."

Rochelle laughed and shouted out, "And bitches?"

Raptor laughed with her and said, "I'll stick with dogs."  He grabbed his crotch and added, "I like these where they are, Rochelle."

Christi fell into step with the company, glad to be on the road and employed.

)-)-
|C~C::::::::::::::::::::::
**

"Damn women got no business out here.  Should be sucking my prick or making me dinner."

Christi growled as she overheard the whispered comment from somewhere behind her.

Rochelle gave her a playful punch in the shoulder and advised, "Just ignore them.  They're all green.  Once you've saved their hides a couple of times, the ones with any sense will get over it.  The rest won't last long, anyhow.  There are a few that aren't joining in the muttering."

Christi blew out a blast of air from between her lips and responded, "The ones that aren't muttering are just trying to figure out how to get in my pants."

Rochelle laughed.  "You are a smart girl.  It does get better once you proven yourself, though.  I've been there — remember?"

Turning to her, Christi asked, "How long have you been doing this?"

Rochelle answered, "Since I was fifteen.  I got lucky and had the opportunity to prove my worth on what should have been a lazy caravan parade.  I killed three bandits myself; standing on the board with a merchant who was sitting in a puddle of pee and screaming like a girl.  Once we drove them off and got into town, he was busy telling anyone who would listen about how I saved his life.  He had a big mouth, and he made my reputation in one day."

"I was sixteen the first time I went out with one of my brothers.  There have been a couple of times I've seen trouble, but they've always decided the fight wasn't worth the prize and backed down without attacking," Christi confided.

"Sounds like you'll get a chance to draw your sword on this trip.  You do know how to use it, don't you?"

Christi smiled and replied, "I can whip all five of my brothers, and father trained them."

"Good! Don't let me down Crimm.  I've got faith in you."  Rochelle looked up ahead and said, "Looks like we're about to meet our employer."

The company had just topped a rise, and when Christi looked, she saw a small encampment.  A man dressed in fine looking leather armor paced back and forth at the front of the camp, and when he noticed the company approaching, he stopped to face the oncoming group.

Once the company was close, the man stepped forward at a brisk pace and stopped in front of Raptor.  "We need to hurry.  You trust these men to save my sisters?"

Raptor replied, "And women, I figured that might make you feel a little better about your sister's virtue, if we had some women along.  The group is green, but I know some of them by reputation, and the lot of them look solid.  They'll get the job done."

The man nodded and addressed the company, "My name is Cordain Garravan.  My sisters were passing this way, returning home, and encountered a group of orcs.  My sisters escaped into a series of caves, but were followed inside.  My older sister can use magic, and thus has been able to hide them near a source of water and contact me.  They have been hiding for two days, and my sister grows weak from lack of food.  We must find them before she becomes too weary to maintain her magic."

Raptor then addressed the group as well, "You heard him.  The caves are just over that hill there, and we're going in.  We're going to have a fight right from the start, because the stinking orcs were smart enough to leave at least a couple guarding the cave entrance.  Get geared up for battle, because we move in five minutes."

Raptor then moved to confer with Cordain and a pair of his men that he had chosen to keep with him for this job, while the new company adjusted gear to prepare for a fight.  A man came around collecting packs, tents, and other items that would provide nothing but encumbrance, to store them in the camp while the company penetrated the caves.

Christi adjusted her sword belt and sheathed daggers one last time, then tightened the straps on the various parts of her leather armor.  Rochelle donned a chain mail shirt, and she was shrugging her shoulders to get it to settle properly when the call came to move out.

Upon reaching the top of the hill, Raptor turned and told his new recruits, "There's no way to sneak up, so we're just going to walk right in there."  Pointing out three men and his two proven lieutenants, he ordered, "You, you, and you, first in the caves with Cartan and Erris."  Turning to Rochelle and Christi, he said, "You two stay close to Cordain.  He can use that sword he carries, but you're the insurance for our pay.  Keep him safe."

Christi and Rochelle nodded to indicate that they understood, and Raptor instructed the rest of the company, "Once we're inside, stay together and don't try to be a hero.  Protect each other's backs, get the job done, and we'll all walk out alive to earn our pay."

A few battle cries erupted from the company and Raptor called, "Move out!"

They moved forward at a brisk pace, and saw one of the orcs just inside the cave entrance as they drew closer.  Another appeared for a moment, and then turned to run off into the darkness beyond the range of Christi’s vision.

Christi had heard of the creatures, of course, but this was her first time to see one.  The orc obviously possessed great strength, evidenced by its muscular form.  A dark mop of unkempt hair topped a brutish face that sported long tusks.  The creature wore a hodgepodge of cast-off armor, carried an ill-kept woodsman's axe in one hand, and a crude spear in the other.

Raptor ordered, "Shields up and ware."

The warning proved to be quite valid, because as soon as the first men were within the creature's long throwing range, it hurled a spear.  One of Raptor's lieutenants caught the weapon on his shield, the loud clang echoing through the valley as the company continued toward the cave.  The orc moved back into the darkness of the cave, hoping to utilize its ability to see in low light to good advantage against the human attackers.

That hoped-for advantage proved to be false when the two lieutenants entered the cave, each hurling a globe above his head that hovered and shone noon-bright light throughout the cave.  Christi could hear screams of surprise and pain coming from several orcs as the bright light assaulted their eyes.

"That's handy," Rochelle grunted as she and Christi hurried to enter the cave to join the battle that they could already hear underway.

"My magic," Cordain explained, "The bright light will be to our advantage at first, although it may serve as a target later.  We will need the light, and better something that may blind our foes as it reveals our location."

The three passed through the curtain of cool air into the cave a moment later, and Cordain leapt into the battle with a growl.  Rochelle and Christi hurried to join him, a little surprised that he had jumped into the fray so quickly.  Perhaps fifteen of the dangerous orcs lurked in the first large chamber of the cave.  Christi could immediately tell that the monsters were trying to flee, now that they realized that they were outnumbered.

Cordain stabbed a creature that managed to successfully defend against two of the other mercenaries, killing it as the two women reached his side.  By the time Christi and Rochelle turned to seek other foes, the battle was over.  Ten orcs lay dead in the chamber, and the rest had managed to turn and flee.  Trails of blood leading into a passage that penetrated deeper into the cave revealed that not all of those that had escaped had done so unharmed.

Raptor called out, "Anybody wounded?"

Grunts and answers in the negative came to the Captain as the men gathered around him.

"Good.  That's ten down.  Even though the rest will be warned now, they'll be warned that a large, dangerous group is coming toward them.  They may just flee, not thinking two females are worth the fight.  Any who do remain are going to be cautious, and are going to try to attack from ambush.  Check out any side passages carefully, watch out for large rocks, and anywhere one of the damn things could climb.  Men with shields to the front, because they'll probably try to use our light as a target for spears."

Raptor walked over to Cordain and asked him, "You have a bearing on your sister?"

Cordain raised an amulet to his forehead for a moment, and then gestured off to the right, deeper under the earth.  "That way.  There is but one passage, so until we find a branch, we simply follow the only path."
"Move out!"

)-)-
|C~C::::::::::::::::::::::
**

The walk through the passage leading into the earth was tense, but uneventful.  At one point, the entire company had to proceed single file when the passage narrowed.  It opened up immediately on the other side of the narrow place, and steadily loomed higher and wider in the bobbing magical lights.
