 My first was also my last. Countess Elizabeth, a frequent visitor to the Castle, much admired by all, it seemed. Though her more public assignations were always with the gentlemen of the Royal Court, in private she insisted on being served by a girl. Indeed, very soon she had insisted it was me.

"Good evening, Lady Elizabeth," I said, slipping in through the not-so-secret door.

She smiled at me warmly. "Belinda..." She was lying naked amidst a mess of sheets, and at the sight of me she spread her legs invitingly. "I hear this is your last night."

I crawled onto the bed. "As a Rose Girl? Yes, my Lady. Thank you, my Lady." I lowered my nose to her sweet, aristocratic pussy, and breathed in appreciatively.

"I? I had nothing to do with it."

"Every time you speak my name, I am rewarded." I kissed her clit, and licked a pearl of cum from her thigh. "How many gentlemen have you had the pleasure of tonight, my Lady?"

"Sadly, only two, though what they lacked in stamina they certainly made up for in enthusiasm.

"It does seem their aim was sorely lacking," I said, and my tongue swept her sensitive, cum-splashed inner thighs.

"On the contrary. Lord Reginald greatly admires the sight of his own member, and took great pleasure in marking me thus."

I grinned up at her. "The quantity is impressive."

"I would have preferred it within, so that I would have an excuse to keep you there for hours."

"My Lady needs no excuse for that. She needs merely ask."

"But what of tomorrow, my lovely Belinda? Who will serve me when you are no longer a Rose Girl? I will surely miss you."

"No, my Lady. For ten years you have commanded my service. Tomorrow, and for as long as I am a Blue Belle, you will receive it willingly."

As my tongue teased at last between the deliciously wet folds of her labia, she murmured, "I pray that is forever."

*

Ten years as a Rose Girl. I can't say it was all good, and that there weren't many nights where I cried myself to sleep, feeling abused by life, sick of the disparity of wealth that created our accursed aristocracy. Lady Elizabeth was one of the very few good ones, but even she could - and perhaps would - have crushed me like an insect, had I ever displeased her.

We Rose Girls had it good. As long as we embraced our role as the Castle's harlots with enthusiasm, giving and occasionally receiving pleasure, then we would serve for a minimum of ten years before being promoted to the Blue Belles. Those who fought against this fate... disappeared.

The Scarlet Women were seldom seen, and were regarded fearfully. According to rumour, they were kept in the Castle's dungeons and subjected to tortures on the whims of the aristocracy. They wore the same uniforms as us, though their corsets, skirts and stockings were scarlet red, and they wore, in addition, steel collars and wrist cuffs with rings. Some were men, and some woman, but all, like us, wore steel chastity belts.

Rose Girls were not allowed in the dungeons. An exception was made in my case, because I was an apprentice electrician and my master, an elderly Blue Belle named Jack, needed my assistance replacing the cabling in the Castle's underbelly.

Truly the dungeons were a place of horror. Jack called them the Circles of Hell, where not only Scarlet Women but also aristocrats paid for their sins on Earth above. The Queen dealt with her enemies ruthlessly.

The lucky ones were those who had had their spirits broken, the wildness in their hearts tamed by the cane. Those who resisted endured torments that made my blood run cold. There were some even who had had their limbs replaced with macabre clockwork. What I witnessed there still gives me nightmares to this day. What I experienced there was but a taste.

I was allowed into the dungeon to work, but I was not guaranteed safety. If an aristo wanted to use a Rose Girl, even in the dungeon, I couldn't deny her. She was a tall woman with short, dark hair, a cruel sneer about her lips, and eyes that blazed with hunger. She bound me to a low table, gagged, my arms pulled painfully wide, my legs spread by chains that pulled my ankles towards the ceiling until my bum was lifted too.

I screamed through my gag as she whipped my inner thighs, alternating left and right, hard enough that it left me with scars, and when I was sure I was going to choke on my own tears, she harnessed herself with a huge strap-on dildo and fucked my ass while whipping my bare arms. More scars there.

Satisfied with my misery, she let me go and wandered off in search of other victims. How long I lay sobbing in Jack's arms, I don't know, but I needed his comforting more than anything in my life.

Had I needed an incentive to enjoy my work as a Rose Girl, that would have been it. The alternative did not bear thinking about.

*

Lady Elizabeth released my nipple from between her teeth and looked down at the chastity belt she was stroking. "I hate that you have to wear that thing," she said.

"My cunt is the Queen's, my Lady. The rest of me is yours to command."

"I know, but we desire most that which is denied us."

"If you desire the Queen's cunt so much, maybe you should ask her for it."

She stiffened with momentary fear. "Don't joke about such things."

"Then forget about it, my Lady, and let us take pleasure in sharing yours."

She laughed, and kissed me. "Promise me you'll always be mine."

"As long as I wear the Blue, my Lady, I'll always come to you."

*

Lady Elizabeth was my first, my last, and my favourite, but there were many others. Too many to count. And though there were times when a whole week could go by without anyone requiring my sexual services, there were also weeks when I seemed to spend the whole day, every day, sucking one cock or another.

Especially around the Quarterly Balls. While my mother was no doubt watching the television, searching for my face amidst the army of black-garbed Servants of the Court, I was probably just behind the scenes, dressed in pink, with some random aristo's cock hammering away at my ass, or with my face buried in celebrity pussy.

And sometimes there can be too much of a good thing.

It was a cruel fate that we Rose Girls had to eat so much cock and pussy while being denied access to our own. Although I quickly got used to wearing a chastity belt, there were many, many occasions when I wanted to scream with frustration. Often I went for months without a decent orgasm. My friend Diane, on the other hand, could achieve orgasm just by having me suck on her nipples for half an hour.

We were both in tears as I packed up my few personal belongings. Diane had been a Rose Girl since a year before I started, but I was the one getting promoted. In time, she too would join the Blue Belles, but it felt unfair that I was leaving her behind. "Until you are a Blue Belle too," I whispered in her ear as we embraced, "I will never be happy."

"See you soon," she whispered back, and pushed me away. "Go, so I can tell everyone how much I hate you."

I brushed away my tears, and nodded. "I may not be a Rose Girl anymore, but I still have the Queen's cunt between my legs."

At least I left her with a smile on her face.

*

My first corset at the Castle had been a plain yellow one, heavy with spiral steel stays and designed for waist training. My second, on becoming a Rose Girl, had been the same, but pink. Each year thereafter I was given a new corset, but these were lighter corsets, and with white embroidery. It was possible to tell how many years a Rose Girl had served by the designs and detail of the embroidery.

The Blue Belles had pale blue corsets with white embroidery. But where the Rose Girls had a set of standard designs, the Blue Belles had individual designs. Because the corsetières were themselves Blue Belles.

If the Rose Girls were the Castle's harlots and general dogsbodies, the Blue Belles were the Castle's craftsmen, its gardeners and plumbers and carpenters and tailors and so on. These were all trades that the Rose Girls - when not servicing the aristocracy - could learn as apprentices, as I had learned to be an electrician. In becoming a Blue Belle, I was no longer a harlot. I would not be expected to yield my mouth and ass to any and every aristo that took a liking to me.

No, I was an electrician, not a harlot. A very inexperienced electrician, and a very horny ex-harlot. It was great to have this relative freedom to choose, but I was in no hurry to abandon harlotry.

But first things first. "I want to continue working with you," I'd told Jack as soon I'd heard about my promotion.

He'd shrugged. "Fine with me, but you'll have to speak to the wife. She'll not like me spending all my days with the prettiest Belle I've seen in years."

I blushed at his compliment. He was fifty years my senior and old enough to be my grandfather. I didn't mind crawling around in ducts with his ass practically in my face, but I didn't have any desire to get any closer to it. And I don't know that I was the prettiest, but I would certainly be the youngest - for a while, anyway.

"Besides," he'd added, "you'll need a new corset, and Daisy's the best there is."

Daisy was half blind. She peered critically at me through thick spectacles. "What's the point of me making you a corset if you're going to spend your life climbing around inside the Castle's walls?" she asked.

I had to laugh. Clearly she didn't expect me to seduce her husband, and she was right about the corset. "Actually," I said, "I need two corsets. Something simple for when I'm in the Castle's walls, and something elegant for when I'm in the Castle's beds."

"You're one of those girls, are you? Got your eye on the Queen?"

I hadn't really thought of it that way. "I guess I do. Not that I've ever seen her." Except on television, anyway.

"Aye, well. I'll give you a plain one for now, and I'll think about the other."

*

As a Blue Belle, I had a bedroom all to myself. A small one, naturally, with a narrow window that looked out onto one of the Castle's many courtyards. But that's not where I spent my first night.

I slipped in through the not-so-secret door. "You rang, my Lady?"

"No, I pressed a button and said I wanted you and only you, and if you weren't here in five minutes I would go looking for you myself."

Given that she was naked and her breasts soaked with more cum than I'd seen in a long time, this sounded unlikely. Her fingers, massaging her labia, were sticky with more cum. "Not even Lord Reginald could produce such a wondrous quantity, my Lady." I crawled onto the bed beside her. I could taste cum on her lips as I kissed her. "You must have entertained many men tonight."

"No," she whispered. "Only one."

That was clearly impossible. "No one man is capable of all this," I said, licking up a trail of cum that was oozing down towards the sheets.

"Maybe. I don't know. I woke from my afternoon sleep to find my wrists bound to the bed, and my eyes blindfolded. A woman spoke to me. She said, 'We will leave now if you wish, but if you ask us to stay, you will experience the joy of the world's largest cock.' And how could I say no to that?"

"I know I wouldn't. Tell me all, my Lady."

She did - and while she did, I lovingly licked her breasts clean of surprisingly tasty cum.

*

"We will leave now if you wish," the unseen woman said, "but if you ask us to stay, you will experience the joy of the world's largest cock."

Lady Elizabeth felt her panic subside, giving way to curiosity. She had had very many cocks pleasure her over the years, and though she generally wasn't fussy about size and shape or any of that, so long as it stayed hard and delivered - at an appropriate moment - a decent quantity of cum, nevertheless she did appreciate a good-sized cock wielded with passion.

Still, the world's largest cock? That was an unlikely boast. "Very well," she said. "If it truly is so large, you may use me as you wish. But if you lie, I will kick and scream until the guards come, and I will see the Queen hangs you for your trickery."

The woman laughed. "We do not fear the Queen."

Lady Elizabeth was naked, having as usual slept that way, so once the bedsheets were stripped away, there was no need to fuss about with clothing. She felt by the movements of the bed that someone had climbed up onto it and was standing over her, feet either side of her hips.

Her unseen assailant dropped to his knees. Definitely a 'his'. There was no mistaking the slap of his cock against her chest, and no questioning its size. She couldn't see it, but from its weight and length she was sure it was superior to any she had ever had the pleasure of.

Hands pressed her breasts together over the shaft of his cock, and he thrust into the channel between them, until the head nudged against her neck. He eased back, and thrust again, pressing harshly on her breasts. The friction too was painful and unpleasant. This really hadn't been what she had in mind when she'd said, "use me as you wish."

Her assailant must have thought the same thing. He paused to squirt some kind of cool gel between her breasts, then resumed his fucking of them, his enormous cock now gliding with ease and banging against her chin with each thrust. His thumbs teased her nipples, and Lady Elizabeth finally relaxed and allowed herself to enjoy being helpless. "Why don't you fuck me properly with that amazing cock," she said. "I want it in me."

Her assailant's response was to pinch her nipples fiercely between thumb and fingers, forcing a cry from her lips. He picked up speed while maintaining that painful grip, and the pressure of his thighs against her sides threatened to crush her, but he was the one who burst, his thick, warm cum splashing against her neck and chin.

He released her breasts and sat up, directing his cock so that his cum spurted out across her chest. His orgasm seemed to last forever, or for at least a minute, with more and more cum raining down across her breasts, diminishing at last to a mere dribble that he wiped off on her chin.

"Impressive, sir," she said, "but I do hope you are not finished with me."

Her assailant remained silent, but with two fingers he scooped up cum from between her breasts and pushed it into her mouth. Lady Elizabeth sucked on his fingers, teasing them with her tongue, until he withdrew them and she pouted in protest.

He was certainly not finished with her, though. He spread her legs and knelt between them, his cock still rock hard as it pushed between her labia. And she was so wet, so ready for him, and yet wary of his prodigious girth.

With short, gentle thrusts he worked his way into her, stretching her more than she had ever experienced before. "Oh!" she cried. "Oh!" Fresh surprise with each advance of that monstrous cock.

The strokes getting slowly longer, thrusting deeper, the friction sending delicious vibrations through her clit with every movement. "Ohh..."

He lifted her calfs and pushed them down either side of her head, an uncomfortable position for her. Lady Elizabeth was unable to move, unable to do anything but passively endure the increasingly rough penetration, so deep now that his cock was knocking against her womb. And still he wasn't fully within her. "How can you be so big?" she cried.

Somehow he pushed deeper still, pushed her to climax and she cried out wordlessly, convulsing about the cock that continued its remorseless pounding. He was too much for her. Barely had she recovered from the first than she was propelled into a second. One orgasm merged into the next, thrust after thrust driving her to a blissful high and sustaining it.

Until his movements turned erratic, and that wondrous cock seemed to thicken still further before erupting inside her. "Yes!" she screamed, as she climaxed again, the walls of her vagina contracting about the wildly pulsing cock within her, again and again, his orgasm lasting longer than any other man's ever had.

He eased out of her slowly, and backed away, slipping off the bed. Lady Elizabeth relaxed her legs at last, returning them painfully to the bed, the sensation of his cum pouring out of her triggering another climax, mild but lingering.

The woman whispered into her ear. "Never speak of us, should you wish us ever to return."

*

I raised an eyebrow, intrigued. "And yet you tell me?"

"I must tell someone. The secret would drive me mad. And I know you won't betray me, my sweet child."

"No indeed, my Lady. I pray they return often - you have never tasted so good as you do tonight..." Flashing her a cheeky grin, I dived down to devour her sweet-tasting, cum-soaked pussy.

*

Long after Lady Elizabeth fell asleep, I lay there beside her, wide awake, my senses tingling, my clit throbbing with a rare intensity that had me tugging at my belt in a futile effort to scratch the itch within.

What I needed, I couldn't give myself; and despite the pleasures we shared, Lady Elizabeth could not help me either. What I needed was a cock. In ten years of harlotry, I had discovered only one way to achieve the satisfaction I craved. A long, hard, thick cock, buried deep in my ass and filling me with cum. And in all those ten years, only three men had delivered that satisfaction.

Hopefully one of them could oblige me.

In training to be an electrician, I had got to know the Castle's hidden ways very well. All except the Inner Court, which was where the Queen resided. Of all the Castle's many servants, only the blacks - the Servants of the Court - were permitted there.

The Castle had the appearance of a huge medieval fortress, but its thick stone walls were mostly hollow, providing narrow passageways for servants to move about unseen, and conduits for power, water, sewerage and telecoms.

I slipped out of Lady Elizabeth's bed, and dressed in my new blue uniform with its plain corset, unembroidered, unfamiliar and unseductive. I threaded my way through the dimly lit labyrinth with its cables and cobwebs, down one cramped spiral staircase and up another.

Only when I stood outside Sir Augustus's room, my hand poised to knock, did I question my sanity. Because it was unthinkable for a servant to ask for sex. Perhaps he would take pity on me, but more likely I would be punished severely for misconduct.

With an audible whine of frustration, I tore myself away. In a haze of lust I stumbled back to my room, realising only once I was there that I had returned to my old quarters.

Diane was asleep. I lay down beside her and kissed her bare breasts, and circled her nipples with my tongue. This did nothing to damp the fire in my loins but was a pleasant distraction from my own need.

"Belinda?" she whispered, waking suddenly.

"The Queen's cunt has never been so hungry," I whispered back. "It's driving me nuts. I badly need to fuck someone."

She laughed. "Go take a cold shower. You've survived ten years, you can survive one more night."

I sighed heavily. "You're right," I said. "Thank you." I kissed her and left her, again, working my way back to my new room.

A cold shower. To extinguish the fire below.

Or at least to cool it.

As I knelt within that cold rain, naked save for the cruel belt, I mauled my breasts with my hands and pinched and rubbed my nipples with ferocity. I needed the pain of it to distract me from the aching need that I could not touch.

Nothing helped. I needed to get the belt off - and there was only one way to do that.

The cleaning room was opposite the communal bathroom. All I had to do was go in there, and press the button. The electronic lock would open, and the belt would come off. And I would finally be free to touch myself...

... for a few precious seconds before the alarms went off and I was marched off to be punished. As a New Girl, I had been put in the pillory for doing this. As a Blue Belle? The punishment was sure to be severe. Perhaps I would even be stripped of my blue uniform and given scarlet instead, to spend the remainder of my life being tortured in the dungeons.
