 As the knight rode through the gates of his brother's castle, he tried to see if anything had changed since he'd ridden out five years before. His attempt was foiled by the darkness of the clouded night and he wished he'd followed his squire's suggestion that they wait until the dawn to enter the palace but he felt he'd been away for too long and couldn't bear even that short delay. As they rode into the main courtyard, the light of the two torches by the main entrance to the palace spilled over them and a sleepy stable hand came to collect their horses. They dismounted but when his squire made to head towards the main door, he shook his head and motioned for the younger man to follow him. Together, they made their way around the main building until they reached a small side entrance that was secured by a plain lock. Lifting a chain from around his neck, he used the small iron key to unlock the door. Turning to his squire, he murmured, "Make your way to your old quarters, and don't rouse anyone."

"What about you? Shouldn't I see you settled first?" demanded his squire in an undertone.

With a slight grin, he replied, "I'll manage. Besides, I have to greet my mother and brother before they retire for the night." The squire sighed and nodded before moving off. Once the younger man was out of hearing distance, the knight added to himself, "And I've got to see if she's changed at all."

***

The prince leaned back in his chair and straightened the papers on his desk. It was close to midnight and his sight had begun to blur from exhaustion. His father's death a few short weeks previously had landed him a host of new responsibilities and despite the assistance his mother had tried to give him, he couldn't wait for his brother to return from his journey as a knight errant. He had probably made his own life more difficult in the short term because he had called the love of his life back to his country despite the machinations of the various court factions who had been trying to divert his attention with one beauty or another since her departure the day after his brother left. In the long term, she was going to save his sanity, so he was willing to put up with the problems her return had precipitated. He was just pushing his chair back when the hidden door in the back corner creaked as it swung open. With a smile he rose to his feet saying, "I've just finished for the night, love. I'll be with you in half a minute."

"I know we haven't really discussed this in any detail, brother, but I am not a lover of men and even if I were, it would be wrong," replied a familiar but unexpected voice. The prince spun around with a glad cry and swept his brother into a bear hug, pounding his back exuberantly before gripping his shoulders and holding him at arms' length.

Unable to control his emotions completely, he managed to whisper, "Gods, I've missed you Seth. I'm so glad you agreed to come home, I need your help."

"I've missed you too, Zane," replied his brother, a catch in his voice. The prince watched as his brother struggled for composure before he continued, "You look tired, brother. Why aren't you looking after yourself properly?"

***

When she saw that the hidden door was open ahead of her, she paused before she heard two familiar voices in her love's study. Entering the room on silent feet, she overheard his brother's comment and felt compelled to defend him. "It's not Zane's fault, Seth, leave him alone," she murmured, crossing the room to her love's side. As soon as they heard her, the prince released his hold on the knight and came to meet her in the middle of the room.

Raising her hand to brush his mouth across her knuckles in a brief kiss, he added, "It's hard work taking care of a kingdom, and our father left a bit of a mess when he died." She allowed him to keep her hand while she waited for his brother's response. When it came, she found herself grateful for his compassion for his brother.

"Tell me what I can do to help," ordered Seth, there was a determined expression on his face and his hand gripped the pommel of his sword unconsciously. "I left the tournament as soon as your messenger found me. I was surprised to hear that you had returned though, Tamara." She blushed under his appraisal and moved closer to her love.

Gathering herself to meet his gaze, she lifted her head and replied, "He asked, I came." For her, it was as simple as that, despite the fact that many in her love's home didn't like her. Whatever her love needed that was in her power to provide, he would get. Her love's brother nodded and then his expression became wary and hopeful all at once.

"Did Narelle come back with you?" he asked softly.

Shaking her head in amazement, Tamara replied, "Oh Seth! She never left. Father was most aggravated when I returned without her but she said she had to wait."

***

Reading the stunned relief in his brother's eyes, Zane released his love's hand so that he could wrap his arm around her waist. Pulling her closer against his body, he murmured, "Let her be for tonight, Seth, she'll be at breakfast in the family parlour in the morning. In the meantime, you have to speak to Mother before you retire tonight." At his mention of their mother, his brother's expression cleared to one of eagerness.

"Do you think she'll still be awake?" he demanded. "I pushed our horses as much as possible today but it's still got to be close to midnight."

Nodding, he replied, "She'll be awake. I told her that I expected you very late tonight after I received your last message and she swore she'd wait up." He struggled for a moment, trying to figure out how to prepare his brother for this meeting and finally drew a deep breath. Softly, he told him, "Seth, she's had a rough time these last five years. Losing you..." His voice trailed off and he didn't know how to continue.

"Losing you broke something inside Grace," finished Tamara. She slipped her own arms around his waist and gave him a squeeze before she turned her attention back to his younger brother. "Narelle wrote to me frequently and kept me updated but I was still shocked when I arrived a week and a half ago. Your mother looks old now. Her hair is white as snow and her face is lined with worry and pain that my sister said started to show in the months after you left."

Zane felt moved to defend their mother and interrupted with, "She does what she can to help me with the mess father left. And I'm sure your return will lighten her heart a great deal. Just... be prepared, okay?" He waited for his brother's reply and when Seth nodded, he breathed a sigh of relief. Turning towards the hidden door, he added, "Take the tunnels, they're faster. Tamara and I are going to spend half an hour together before we retire so we'll see you in the morning at breakfast." He received another nod and the three left the study.

***

Seth stood behind the secret door to his mother's sitting room and debated the best way to alert her to his presence. Finally deciding to surprise her, he slid the panel across and crept into the room. Hearing sounds from her bedchamber, he stole across the sitting room and snuck a look through the open door. His mother was seated before her mirror, brushing her hair and humming quietly to herself. The colour of her hair shocked him despite the warning Tamara had given him, the pure white so different from the rich brown it had been before he left. Unable to wait any longer, he called, "Mama, I've returned." The brush slipped from her fingers and she spun on her stool to face him. Noting the new lines on her face, he took the necessary strides to stand before her. Leaning over, he brushed a kiss on her cheek and murmured, "It's really me, Mama, and I'm really home." A tear trailed down the side of her face as her mouth lifted in the sweet smile he always associated with thoughts of home.

"Seth, my darling baby," she cried flinging her arms around him and burying her face against his chest. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders and rocked her until she stopped crying.

Releasing her, he said, "I wanted to see you tonight before you retired, but I should go now, you need your rest." His mother appeared ready to protest for a few seconds and then resignation flowed into her expression.

"I may not need my rest, but you certainly do after your ride," she conceded. "We will speak more tomorrow." He nodded, brushed another kiss across her cheek and left the room.