 As Tamara and Zane moved through the tunnels to the private courtyard reserved for the royal family, they quietly discussed how they had passed their day. After a few short minutes, they emerged into a walled garden that held a single bench seat covered in cushions. They sank onto the seat and snuggled up together, she resting her head on his shoulder and he wrapping his arms around her to hold her close. Enjoying the quiet of the garden, they kept their voices to a murmur even as the subject turned to Seth's arrival. "He looked tired," Tamara commented, idly running her left hand up and down his sculpted chest and abdomen.

Brushing a kiss over her temple, Zane replied, "It's caused by nothing more than the ride today. He'll be fine in the morning."

"Good," she whispered, turning her face up to brush a kiss over his lips. Accepting the end to that conversation, he shifted her until she was sitting on his lap, her hip nestled against his swelling groin. Bending his head, he began to nibble on her bottom lip until she opened her mouth and their tongues danced together in a familiar tempo. While their mouths were busy, he brought his palm up to cup her right breast, his thumb brushing over her nipple until it pressed against the fabric of her bodice. She wriggled in his embrace, freeing one of her own hands to unlace the neck of his shirt and pull it to one side. She pulled away from his lips and began to kiss over his jaw and down his neck.

Throwing his head back, he gasped, "I thought we agreed not to do this again."

"You got all noble and said we wouldn't," she chuckled, nipping his neck lightly before licking the bite to soothe the sting. Lifting her head, she added, "I said we should since we did this before." She went back to spreading kisses over his collar bone while she ran her hands down to the waist of his pants and began to tug his shirt free.

***

Zane felt like his cock was about to burst as Tamara's fingers brushed against his stomach. Closing his eyes, he tried to remember why they couldn't continue down the road to fiery bliss. Her fingernails scored the skin at his waistband and his body jerked in response. He raised his head to look down at her dark curls and remembered why he didn't want to take her to his bed. Gritting his teeth, he shifted his hand from her breast to frame her throat and pull her mouth from his skin. "Your father," he groaned, when she slipped her hand inside his pants to cup his hard cock.

Twisting her nose in a cute expression of irritation she breathed, "What about my father?" She leaned against his hold and he felt her curls tickling his skin, sending ripples of sensation down his spine.

"He promised to kill me if I took you again," he grunted when her fingers tightened around his cock.

Her smile sly, she told him, "It's a good thing I'm taking you." Before he could react, she slipped from his hold and pulled his pants out of the way. He felt her curls brush over his cock in a brief caress that was followed by the rasp of her small tongue against his blood-red head. He bit his lip to keep from crying out in joy when her mouth engulfed him and her tongue began rub against his most sensitive skin. Sliding his hands into her hair, he gripped her skull with a strength that was barely contained and began to push her head further into his lap. If he'd thought her mouth was bliss, he couldn't find enough words in his mind to describe the tight, moist massage that her throat gave him as she swallowed him down. With a groan he allowed her to ease back before pushing her head down once more. As the flames in his body rose he became rougher with her, pushing her faster to the point where he felt her choking as his balls tightened and he pumped his seed down her throat and into her stomach. After a brief pause to catch his breath, he pulled out of her mouth and lifted her back into his lap. Resting her against his chest, he rubbed his hand up and down her back until her breathing had evened out.

"What about you?" he asked.

***

Leaning her face against Zane's chest, Tamara hid her smile when she heard his question. She must have done a good job at distracting him if he hadn't noticed that her hands had been occupied with something other than his oh-so-tempting self. Rubbing her hands against the sides of his shirt, she tried to wipe away the remnants of her juices from her own climax. The taste of bliss he had given her before she'd left his castle five years before had awakened her sexual appetite and, once home in her father's kingdom, she had found ways to feed that appetite without the assistance of another. Though not as strong as the climax she'd achieved when they last engaged in full intercourse, the peak she'd driven herself to while pleasuring him had been higher than any achieved on her own. Lifting her head, she took his lips and mouth aggressively before replying, "I'm doing just fine, thanks for asking."

"Tamara," his grim tone stilled her fingers which had begun to wander down his side.

Forcing innocence into her expression while she continued to caress his skin, she asked, "What?"

"I told you your father said he'd kill me," his breath hitched on the last word when she shifted and brushed against his flaccid groin, causing it to stir. "Tamara! He had his sword out and was sitting on the back of that demonic black thing he calls a mount." His mention of her father's sword made her fingers still. Her father owned one sword. It had been a gift from a wizard in return for sanctuary from a group that hunted the man. The skilled magician had spelled the sword and, once unsheathed, it had to be fed blood before it could be put up again. Her father never drew it unless he was going into battle or taking a blood oath of some kind. Sighing, she slipped from Zane's lap and helped him set his clothing to rights before offering him her hand.

Twining her fingers through his, she said, "Now that Seth's home, can we please get married? I don't want to wait to have your services at my disposal again."

"We'll discuss it over breakfast," he replied shortly. She would have been insulted by him trying to avoid giving a direct answer if it hadn't been for the way he used his free hand to adjust the front of his pants. Smiling brightly, she followed in silence when he tugged her in the direction of the tunnels.