 Jennifer glares at the clock above the door to the server room, wasting precious time she can't afford. 

"No, no, no! I'll never make it to my appointment if this keeps up. Damn!" The clock, undeterred continues to wind toward evening. 

Jennifer turns back to her computer with a sigh. When web server 2 crashed earlier she assumed it would be a quick fix. Redundancies were in place and all traffic should have automatically shunted to server 3 without a hiccup, but that's not what happened. Now she was getting calls from the sales group every fifteen minutes saying that the website was down and could she please get it up and running ASAP. Like she wasn't already working on the problem as fast as she possibly could. She wasn't sure why they thought pestering her and interrupting her troubleshooting would improve the response time on solving the problem. Maybe they thought she would work faster if she was more annoyed. 

"I swear, the next person who tells me the site is down is going to get a thorough review of their surf history sent to HR," she mutters. Another glance at the clock and she realizes she's going to have to make a call herself. 

"Tarot Tattoos, how may I help you?" 

"Hi. Can I speak to Tara please? This is Jennifer. Jennifer Stephens I have a 9:00 o'clock appointment for a tattoo consult." 

"Hey, Jennifer its Tara. I'm looking forward to seeing you tonight. I think you're really going to like the designs I came up with for you. I did up a couple of different schemes and sizes so you'll see what I was talking about the other day. You can pick one of the ones I made or mix and match, whatever you want." 

"Uh, Tara I'm so sorry, but something came up and I'm stuck at work. It looks like I'm going to be here for the next several hours." 

"Really," Tara asks, "there's no way you'll be able to make it." 

"No, I don't think so," I answer, guilt tightening my stomach at the odd sound of disappointment in the young woman's voice. "I don't know where the problem is and they pay me a lot of money to make this sort of thing go away as quick as can be. I know you set aside time to do this tonight and I'm terribly sorry. You already have my credit card info so please charge me for your time. Maybe you can text me with a time next week we can get together?" 

"Yeah ok. I'll check my schedule and get back to you tomorrow." 

"That sounds good. Ok 'till tomorrow. Bye and sorry again." 

"See ya..." Tara replies and hangs up the phone. 

Odd Jennifer thinks. Tara seemed more upset about that than I would've thought. She must have been pretty keen on her designs. Oh well, gotta get back to work. 

Jennifer closes up her Dell and glances at the hated clock. Not terrible, only 8:50. I wonder if Tara is still at the shop. It's on the way home, so I guess there's no real reason not to swing by. Doubt it though. 

Its 9:40 by the time she pulls up outside Tarot Tattoos. The windows of the shops on either side are already dark, shop owners and patrons both having already headed home to spouses, significant others or perhaps their individual vices. Tara's shop is still lit though the open sign has been turned off. Looking through the window gives no real indication if there is someone still there or not, the shop lobby/waiting room is filled with empty chairs. She approaches the door, placing her keys in her purse and reaching for a pen and post-it. If Tara has already left she'll leave a note. 

Jennifer pulls the door handle, surprised to find the door is unlocked. Wait the deadbolt's been thrown! "Mmmmmm... mmmmmm... unh... mmmmm." Shit! What's that sound. "Mmmmmm... mmmmmm... unh... mmmmm." Maybe I should just leave. No, can't do that. What if someone broke in; Tara said she's usually alone here after nine. There've been some attacks in the area here lately. She backs away from the entrance, grabbing her phone out of her purse. I'll go back to my car and call the police. They get paid to take risks! God! I'm such a coward. What if that young girl is in there being raped? It'll take the cops at least ten minutes to get here. Fuck it. I can't just stand here and do nothing. 

She gathers her courage, pulls the can of mace from purse and presses 91 on her phone. Quietly, cautiously she prowls forward, hoping to stop whatever kind of assault is taking place, hoping her presence will be enough to drive the attacker off. To her left, the wall separating the lobby from the main part of the shop ends. Jennifer presses her back against the wall, leans to the side and pops her head around the wall. Movement in the far corner draws her attention, but Jennifer is too afraid of revealing herself to get a good look. Grunting and muffled moans/screams echo in the mostly empty space of the main room. 

Jennifer curses herself for a fool; the smart thing to do would be to run outside and call the cops, but she imagines herself in a similar situation. She would want help immediately, not in five or ten minutes! She quietly puts her purse down and crawls between two reclining chairs mounted on swivels. She eases over to the last mounted chair, pops her head over the back and— WTF! She can't believe what she is seeing. 

Passed the three chairs where Tara and the other girl ink the clients, can't remember her name now, is a rough looking chaise lounge where friends and relatives can wait. Right now, the chair is holding Tara's supine form, her thick sable hair fanning out across the lower half. She isn't the victim of a sexual assault. Well, Jennifer amends, at least not the victim of someone else's sexual assault. 

Tara is lying on her back, the olive skin looking fabulous against the dark fabric, her petite frame jackknifed so her legs and feet are above her head, her shimmying booty against the half of the chaise lounge where the armrest lay. Her dainty feet are waving in the air, the purple painted toes flexing and releasing rhythmically. The defined muscles of her thighs and calves move smoothly as she uses her hips to push-off on the armrest. For a little thing Tara has an amazing body: well-toned legs flow smoothly into rounded hips and a bubble butt, tiny, flat waist and big c-cup breasts that seem enormous on her little frame. A frame that glistens with perspiration. 

"Unhhhh! Shluuuk...Shluuuk. Schluuurp. Mmmmmmnnn. Mmmnnnnnnnnn," Tara moans. 

Jennifer creeps closer, rounding the chair and moving toward the chaise lounge. She halts a few feet away, still on her hands and knees; it puts her on almost the same level as Tara. Tara's right hand is alternating between her breasts, cupping the full, rounded slopes and lightly pulling the dusky-rose colored nipples. Her small hand can only grasp a small part of each breast; the overflowing flesh bounces and jiggles with her manipulations. Her left hand...her left hand is deftly pushing a thick black dildo in and out of her wanting ass. In and out, in and out, short hard thrusts that are occasionally interspersed with twists of the thick veined penetrator. The skin of her anus clings to the dildo seeming unwilling to let it go on the out-strokes and pushes in on each in-stroke intent on sucking the rod deeper. Jennifer's heart races, blood rushes to her core and she can't help but take her full lower lip between her teeth. With her well occupied asshole busy, Jennifer can see the effect the movement is causing on Tara's puffy mound. The outer lips are swollen and red with arousal, the inner lips, bright pink and slick with the tactile need for its own attention. Though she is too far away to see for sure, Jennifer imagines small droplets of those juicy secretions are sliding past those puffy lips to slide south and coat the lubed, rubber intruder below. 

Clearly the girl is enjoying the manipulations of both hands. Alone, this would be enough to garner interest and fuel a number of late night jilling sessions featuring tiny waist, big breasted nymphs, but this is just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. Because above the weeping peach is a small hairless pouch holding two cherry sized balls which in turn rest on a kielbasa sized girl-cock. A cock that dangles over the flat waist, nestles between the soft-round breasts and ends... inside of Tara's mouth. OMG! She sucking on her own freaking dick! 

Mmmuuumph...sssssiiipp...sssslluuup. "Oh... sho goooth," Tara moans around the last few inches of herself. The thick shaft is covered in bulging veins, evidence of the enormous blood flow to the mammoth organ. The girl hunches her hips against the seat, using the motion to push a little more of her shaft into her mouth. By raising her head Tara is able to bob the end of her stick in and out of her mouth. It's impossible to tell for sure, but at a guess the girls cock has to be an impressive nine or ten inches. The wrist-thick shaft is slightly darker than the rest of Tara's skin, with a small tapered head that slides effortlessly into the petite girl's oral cavity. 

Jennifer is mesmerized! The sight of the masturbating Tara is the sexiest thing she has ever seen. Better than the futa porn she secretly watches. She slides closer and closer to the oblivious girl wanting, no needing to be closer to the action. When she is just a foot or two away she halts, her eyes traveling from swollen nipples to leaking quim, from sweet quim to flexing anus, and back to thrusting cock where it meets wet, slurping lips. 

"Yeah Tara, suck that big ass schlong," she breathes. 

"AAAAAAAAAHHHHH," Tara screams and leaps off the chaise lounge. She snaps a towel off the ground and squats in the corner of the room, hazel eyes open wide, her breath heaving in and out. "Please don't hurt me! My purse is on the desk over there." 

"Easy Tara, it's me Jennifer." 

"Jennifer! What're you doing here; you cancelled? And how'd you get in?" 

"I finished up earlier than I thought," I say, "and I figured I'd take a chance to see if you were working late. When I saw the door was open and heard some strange sounds I came in. I thought maybe you were being raped and murdered." 

"I see...well uh...um... sorry you had to see that. I guess you'll be wanting to find someone else to ink a tattoo for you now." 

"No, of course not! Why in world would I wanna do that?" 

"Because I'm a freak," Tara cries bowing her head. "Why would you want anything to do with me now?" 

"You're not a freak," I say, "you're unique." I move closer to Tara staying low and keeping my voice calm. If I want to see Tara finish what she started I'm going to have to be real persuasive. And I WANT to see her finish! "You're a gorgeous, sexy young lady." 

"You don't have to say that," Tara snaps. "I know what I am. Now if you don't mind I'd like to be alone!" 

"Hey, I'm not just saying it; I think you're ridiculously sexy." 

"Yeah right! Whatever. Please, please just go." 

"Wait," I say. "What if I can prove it to you? Will you finish?" 

"What!? No, of course not." 

"I'm serious. What if I can prove to you that I think your way sexy? Will you let me watch you suck yourself off?" 

"I don't think there's anything you can do to make me think you're telling the truth." 

I stare at the forlorn figure in front of me and realize words will not suffice. Only action can show her my true feelings. I stand and shuck out of my skirt and panties revealing my trimmed but otherwise natural bush to the still kneeling girl. I take the two middle fingers of my right hand and reach between my legs, sliding them briefly along my slick lips before plunging them into pulsing twat. The feeling is so sweet I have to close my eyes for a moment. When I open them again I realize I have Tara's complete attention. 

Reluctantly, I withdraw my fingers when I really want to plunge them deeper; my cream liberally coats my slick digits to the second knuckle. I drop back to my knees and stare intently at Tara. She watches my fingers with all the concentration of a teenage boy (I guess there are some parallels). I move my hand so that it is directly in front of her face, I know she can smell my natural fruit and musk smell. I hope she likes it because I rub my fingers along her mouth just below her nose tracing the contours of her upper and lower lips. 

I lower my hand to my pussy and slip the middle two fingers in again. This time when I bring them out I raise them between us and slowly spread my fingers apart, watching as liquid strands separate and thin but don't break leaving clear how turned on I am. Opening my mouth, I flick my tongue out and touch its tip to the tips of my finger. Mmmmmm. I taste amazing. I've always loved the taste of my own secretions. I don't hesitate to slip both fingers deeper in to my mouth leaving it wide open so Tara can watch me clean the sweet, fragrant juices with long licks of my tongue. Tara looks at me with undeniable longing. I don't think she's blinked once since I dropped my skirt. 

"Can you see how much I was enjoying watching you?" I ask. 

She doesn't answer. I think at first I may have lost her or misread the look on her face, but then she leans forward, slides her tongue into my mouth and shares the last of my vaginal slime. "You are so unbelievably hot right now," she moans. 

I dip the fingers inside me my one last time being extra conscious to swirl them around, gathering as much cream as I can. I raise them up and put them directly into Tara's mouth. She quickly wraps her tongue around the fingers and slurps the juices away before pulling her face away. "Careful," she says, "keep putting those tasty fingers in my mouth and I just might bite them off!" 

I reach out, grasping her shoulders and bring her close. I wrap my arms around her, pulling her against me, so close I can feel her heart beats in my own chest. 

I whisper in her ear, "I want to watch you suck yourself until you cum. I want to watch you swallow all that nasty cum while you look me in the eye. Will you let me watch you, please?" 

"I c..." Tara whispers. "I c..ca..can't," she whispers as her whole body goes rigid. 

"Why not?" 

"I can't hold it," she grunts. Thunk! I move Tara aside and look to the floor. The hefty black dildo lies glistening on the ground. It is thick, at least 4 or 5 inches in diameter and over 8 inches in length not including the realistic balls and suction base. 

I pick it up and bring it between us, the smile that cuts my face nearly in half is wide and devilish. "Lookie what I found," I say in my sexiest growl. "You must have the tightest hole in the world to have held this in your ass all this time while you're squatting. That or your muscle control is damn near super-human. And really, how tight could you be after sawing this in and out of your ass?" I move the dildo to my face as I finish speaking, rubbing the slick rubber surface around my jawline and up to my lips. I loosely grab a handful of her thick, slightly sweat damp hair and force her to watch as I tongue the tip of fake cock. I mimic the way she had licked the pee slit. 

"That's... You know that's been in my ass!" 

"Oh, I know. Believe me I was watching very closely. Right now, I want to see you do it again. Come on!" I rise from the floor, dildo (heavy sucker) in my right hand, my left still loosely tangled in Tara's long hair. If she wanted she could easily pull away. I give her the option but her flushed face and accelerated breathing tell me she's not going anywhere but where I want her. A few short steps and we are back over to the chaise lounge. I lower her gently, pushing her to lay on her back as soon as her butt touches the seat. Reaching down, I bring her feet up and over the armrest of the chair. 

Now she is lying in almost the same position she was in when I entered the shop. Prone, her substantial sable mane spreads out to cover the far half of the seat, each strand of hair seeming to catch and reflect the overhead light differently making it appear to twinkle like a lit Christmas tree. Tara's hazel eyes are big and round, the dilated pupils tracking my every movement. Ripe, bee stung lips part briefly, flashing brilliantly white teeth in a quick, nervous grin. I begin my seduction hoping to catch another, longer smile. 

I'm still holding her ankles so I pull her gently toward me until her bottom touches the armrest, then raise her up so her hips are touching the seat, but everything else is exposed to my wanton gaze. She tries to bend her feet down toward her head; I stop her with a swift swat to her firm bottom. I like it so I take a moment to knead the olive toned cheeks. Caressing her from mid-thigh to where her hips rest, I squeeze and fondle, separating the cheeks each time I near Tara's hole. I am amazed to see her crinkled tan starfish where I expected to find a gape. Tara's little hole flexes with my manipulations and gives me a cute wink. 

Tara's feet have been resting on my shoulders while I've been playing with her backside. I reach up to grasp both feet, my fingers resting on the instep and my thumbs massaging the soft soles. "That tickles," Tara giggles with a wiggle of her purple polished toes. I believe I can see an invitation in her eyes, one I am happy to accept by rubbing my face against her soles and toes. They feel delightful and I pop one of her big toes into my mouth with relish. The long, slim digit is warm and soft in my mouth. I bob my head giving the sweet girl below a mini toe job, swirling my tongue around the nail and head of the toe before sweeping my wet tongue between the big toe and toe next door. I bathe each toe on her left foot before sliding my tongue down the sole. I repeat this with her right foot then bring both feet down to my breasts. My breasts are small, 34A, though I have gumdrop sized pink nipples that are always responsive, super sensitive. 

Tara spreads her toes, wrinkling her brow with concentration, then grasps each of my nipples between the big and second toe of each foot. She gives me another quick smile, this one as wicked as any I've ever seen, then pinches my little nips with her toes. I gasp with shock more than pain, but already she is using the balls of her feet to massage away the left over sting. 

"Is that how we're going?" I chuckle. Tara gives that fast grin again and merely nods. 

"Okay little lady, let's see you do your thang! Remember I want to direct the action." 

I push Tara's feet toward her face, sliding my hands along her defined calves and lean, but well-muscled thighs until the tips of her toes touch the chair above her head. I marvel at how effortlessly she holds the position though I keep pressure on her thighs to keep her in exactly position I want. Tara wraps her right arm around her thigh, snags her the base of her shaft and guides it toward her mouth. I stop her by placing my palm in front her mouth before she can make contact. 

"Ah, ah, ah...you promised to let me direct," I purr. 

"So direct already." 

Her sass brings a smile to face. The cup of my palm, which has been restraining her rampant cock, is covered in pre-cum. I smear it across her lips with a smirk and croon, "For now you may play with those big ol' knockers and nothing else. Got it?" 

"Pow-pow," she says, shaking her tits in response. 

OMG! Can't believe how this chick is touching all my buttons. If I'd still been wearing panties they'd be soaked; in their absence I feel a trickle of moisture slide over the curve of my labia and down, down, down my inner thigh. I'm as juicy as any time I can remember and it's such a fucking turn on. 

Tara stares at me unblinking as I lower my head to her left thigh. I trail my tongue along the hollow behind her knee, sliding lower and lower toward the middle of her thigh. Soft bites are interspersed with licks and gentle sucking of her slick, salty skin. The crease where thigh meet crotch receives special attention and I spend a minute teasing her, adding warm breathes and kisses to my mix of sucking, licking and bites. When Tara begins to roll her hips unconsciously I move away from the crease, giving each of her balls a gentle kiss, just the barest touch of my lips to the tight skin of her scrotum. I move south and give her juicy twat a longer, but still tongue-less kiss, making sure that my nose tickles the little pink nubbin of her clit. Some of her juice wets the tip of my nose leaving her personal fruity musk scent in my nostrils. Reluctantly, I pull away from her quim and continue my journey south to Tara's crinkly anus. Here I plant another kiss, but this time a lave the rubbery skin in a circular motion, round and round, moving closer to the center until I feel a gentle twitch and feeling that twitch I plunge the now rigid tongue tip into her hole. It opens invitingly and I swirl the entrance with delight, enjoying the feel of running my tongue along the muscular ring. 
