 "Come here and let me take care of you!" Tara purrs. 

I eye the chaise lounge dubiously as I take a moment to reflect on our situation. I'd arrived here a half an hour ago hoping to meet the young lady working on designs for a tattoo I wanted. I'd called earlier to let her know I couldn't make it, but fortune had smiled on me and I'd gotten here about forty-five minutes after the scheduled time. I'd meant to just leave a note on the door. Honestly I had. A poorly locked door and some strange sounds had prompted me to enter the shop only to find Tara, the shop owner and woman I was supposed to meet, anally masturbating and sucking on her own cock. Yeah! You heard me right. This petite, full breasted, round booty girl has a working cock. And what a cock it is. Its long. Has to be ten or eleven inches hard, thick, heavy and solid, with a tapered head that's making my mouth water as I look at it. 

Did I mention that it's still hard? Even after spewing a load that covered Tara from the tops of her breasts to her long, sable hair. I might've tasted it. Well...I guess you could say I was force fed it by Tara. At least the first little bit. After that I slurped it down like I'd signed up for a bukkake flick; I can still taste the salt and caramel flavored cum in my mouth. Yum! Anyway, its standing up just as proud as can be, flexing and bobbing like its waving and looking at me with its one good eye. 

"C'mon, I want you." She reaches up from her prone position, wrapping her arm around me. Fingertips brush lightly across the hollow where my belly meets my hips, in that area just a twitch away from my curly pubes. It tickles! 

"Ack," I squeak, moving back and to the side. 

Tara asks, "Are you ticklish girly-girl?" 

Yes! "No." 

Tara rolls off the seat with the grace and fluidity of the young, landing on the floor with one knee and one hand touching the ground. Her other foot touches the floor with just her toes and the ball of the foot, calf and thigh muscles bunched with potential motion. Her right hand hovers in the air, pointing in my direction as it moves side to side tracking me. The stance is somewhat feral. 

"You sure?" she asks. "Because I think maybe you are. I think you might be very ticklish." 

"Stop," I demand, raising my hands in the universal gesture. She does and in the quirky way that is almost unique to women I'm disappointed and a little miffed that she doesn't try harder. "Come here," I say holding my arms open wide. Tara's movements are powerful, fluid and graceful. Rising up without pushing off with her arms she glides over to me. The play of muscles and soft feminine curves is breathtaking. 

I brush my lips across hers playfully, letting her know without words that I am open to more fun. Her response is tentative, questioning, her lips stiffer than I am familiar with. I'm reminded of how young Tara really is. Though she owns her own business, and has for more than three years now, she's still only twenty-six. On the other hand, at thirty-nine I've had enough partners to be secure that I'm an attractive lady and a good lay. I'm confident in my sexuality. It fuels my behavior in the bedroom; fuels my behavior in the tattoo parlor as well I guess. 

"You looked very sexy when you were walking over here," I whisper in her ear. 

"I look better in heels," she answers. 

I lean down to nibble on her neck, moving up to suck on her ear before I answer, "I'm looking forward to seeing you in some." 

My banter must loosen Tara up because I'm rewarded with another of the brief smiles. Her teeth really are extraordinarily white, but something about her smile is off. Maybe... 

She distracts me by wrapping her arms around my waist, pulling me in close for a hug. Our difference in height means her head rests considerably below my shoulder while her breasts lay softly against my abdomen. God! They are so hot. Come to think of it, her whole body is warm, the warmth of someone who has just gotten out of bed or maybe someone who has been warming next to a fireplace. The heat transfer feels phenomenal and I find myself pulling Tara in closer, doing my best to meld our bodies so every part of my skin is in contact with hers. Damn, I wish we were lying down! 

Warm hands massage my lower back, squeezing and kneading muscles sore from sitting at a keyboard all day. They slide down over my hips, lower over the small mounds of my buttocks. I'm a lean girl, but I'm reasonably proud of my bottom. Though it is small, it is also round so I fill out the seat of my jeans, my skirts, and at the beach my bikini bottom peeks cute bubble cheeks. No sagging seats for this girl! Her hands glide over the globes of my butt, cupping and spreading the cheeks when they reach the apex of my thighs. Two quick squeezes and Tara's hands begin to glide over my cheeks again. The pattern repeats, glide, cup, spread, squeeze, glide, cup, spread, squeeze. Shit! This chick is driving me nuts. I'm about to steal a kiss, maybe more than one, when Tara's arm slides down to the middle of my thigh and lifts my right leg up, pinning it against her hip. Before I can stop her or voice a protest, she squats, grabs my other leg and lifts me into the air. 

"Eeek," I squeal. "Put me down before you hurt yourself." 

"Relax, I've got you," she answers, hazel eyes locked onto my chocolate brown orbs. 

Surprised doesn't begin to cover what I'm feeling. For all her lush curves Tara is a very petite girl. Slim shoulders, tiny, narrow waist and rounded, but still slender hips and thighs makeup her physique. At a diminutive five-foot two inches tall I seriously doubt she weighs one hundred and twenty-five pounds. On the other hand, I'm lean and muscular from near daily workouts. Contrary to what tv and magazines would have you believe I'm not a hundred and thirty pounds. Not even close! So when Tara is able to support me, apparently without strain, I am amazed at the strength in her little body. I'm still tense for a few moments; I'm still in fear of being dropped. Eventually I relax and wrap my arms loosely around her neck. 

"Ready?" she asks. 

"Ready for what?" 

"This!" Tara lowers me an inch or two, than raises me up in a slow controlled motion. Up and then down. Up and then down with her hard cock trapped between us. The tip is wet, leaving warm liquid trails on my lower belly and bellybutton. Hot shaft plows the furry garden of my pubes, no doubt providing a delicious tickle for my horny lover. I have a delightfully wicked idea! I wrap my legs tightly around Tara's buttocks, heels pressed tightly to her firm booty. I pull my feet toward my hips and my angle changes just enough that now my cleft is riding along the fever-warm shaft. The slick button of my engorged clit is being pulled and tugged along by Tara's up and down motion. Wetness begins to coat the burrowing cock and now I am humping along with her motion. 

"Yeeessssssss," I groan, lost in the sensation of my weightless dry hump. 

Tara whispers, "Lean down so I can kiss you." 

I comply. Sort of. I lean down and lick the tip of her nose, then run my tongue lightly along the bottom edge of her lower lip before planting a soft kiss on her chin. I kiss both cheeks and her forehead. I kiss her eyebrows, the lids of her closed eyes and her temple where the hairline starts. But, I do not give her lips a real kiss. 

"Unghh," Tara grunts. "Why can't you ever be good?" 

I brush her hair away, pinning it behind her ear. I lick the tip of her earlobe before I whisper, "Can you go faster?" 

"Fuck yes!" 

"If you go just a little faster I'll be good," I huff breathily into her ear. 

Tara's groan is long and loud, rumbling in her chest, rumbling in my chest as it passes out of her. She picks up the pace! The faster pace means more of me is sliding against more of her and her hot shaft. Because of the angle I'm holding myself, my cunt is higher than my butt. I can feel my juices sliding out of my wide spread twat and down along my taint before puddling in the crinkles of my ass. It feels wet. Feels nasty! I find Tara's lips with my own and finally give her what she wants. Lips which had been hesitant only minutes ago, are soft and sure again, playfully dueling with my own lips. Our bodies are in sync now. Tara hunches her hips forward in time with my own, her wide shaft sliding effortlessly between my slick inner lips, across the sensitive nub of my swollen clit. By the time Tara decides to extend her tongue, my mouth is already open and waiting. I suck on her tongue hard and fast, licking the underside of that warm, wet muscle with the tip of my own tongue. I love on Tara's tongue like it's a little cock. 

I break the kiss and pant, "Fuck that feels good! I want you inside me. Now!" 

Tara doesn't respond. She just continues to slide me up and down her pole. Sometimes she goes slower, sometimes faster, varying the pace on some whim. I'm humping my hips at her faster and faster, trying my best to get off; I didn't get to come earlier damn it! 

"C'mon baby! I need it." I whimper. 

Tara stops. Completely. She tightens her grip around my hips, pressing so tightly that I have to stop hunching my hips. That delicious friction, that wonderfully slick slide and the tug and pull on my ready to explode clit all stop. 

"Hey," I whine, "what gives." 

Tara gives me a look of pure innocence. A look only someone young and unbowed by life's little failures and despairs could give and says, "I guess you're not the only one who can be bad." 

"Son of a bitch." I laugh and add, "Okay, okay you got me. Can I please ride your cock, Tara? Please baby!" 

"Soon," she answers. "Hey, loosen your legs some so I can take us over to the couch." 

I do. We make our way over to the couch where she gently lays me on my back. Her body is still between my spread thighs so I trail the bottoms of my feet over Tara's thighs and hips. Long strands of sable hair fall between us, creating a curtain that blocks the room's light. When she goes to sweep the hair away I stop her. I rub my hands along the line of her jaw and up to her temples, gathering the fallen hair as I go, then pin it gently behind her ears. She leans into my hands, closing her eyes. We stay like that for some time. Finally, Tara gathers my hands in hers, kisses each of my palms, then lays my arms down by my sides. She looks at me. Her gaze is hot; her skin glistens. I moisten! 

Hands slide along the curves of my hips, reach beneath me, then lift me so that my hips rest against her thighs. My splayed legs leave my wet cunt open and I can feel her hairless nut sack on my pussy lips. The base of her cock sits atop the curls of my pubes. I tighten my belly, rolling my hips to stimulate her balls and shaft, using my heat, my wetness to let her know I am ready for her. Tara's sharp inhale is all the proof I need that my stimulation has been effective. 

Hot, dainty hands roam my upper body, caressing arms and shoulders, gliding along my ribs and across my belly. Tara raises her arms up to her face. She catches my eyes, making sure I am watching as she licks the thumb and first two fingers of each hand. Before I can wonder what she is doing, Tara brings her hands to my breasts, using the spit slick fingers to skim the edges of my areolas. Her touch is feather light, whispering over the pebbled skin, circling, circling closer to the sensitive buds of my nipples. I'm pushing my shoulders into the couch, pushing my chest into the circling fingers, doing whatever I can to extend Tara's contact with my tits. Finally, her index fingers graze my nipples, climbing up one side, lingering and circling the rounded tip, before trekking down the other side. She plays with my nipples. Squeezing them. Pulling them. Flicking them oh so gently! Tara leans forward, pressing the sweltering heat of her balls into my snatch and licks all around my breasts. Our height difference is working to our advantage now; her face is perfectly aligned with my chest. 

Tara's hands leave my breasts to gather up my legs. She hooks them in the crook of her elbows, pushing them up to my shoulders, leaving my needy cunt spread wide for anything she wants to do. I feel deliciously vulnerable. Scooting back on her knees, Tara brings the thick, meaty shaft of her cock to my pussy, gliding its length up and down between my slick lips. She gets that dick nice and wet on my juices and just when I'm about to ask Tara slides her tapered head into me. 

"My God your pussy's hot," she moans. 

"Jeez, you feel hot inside me," I say at the same time. 

We both giggle like school girls. Tara moves slowly, giving me just the first couple of inches of her mammoth stick. In. Out. In and out. I'm so wet you can hear my pussy sucking at her shaft in the quiet of the tattoo shop. Sthlup, sthlup, shlup! She's easing more cock into me now! That thick shaft spreads me, pushing against the slippery walls of my vagina and then plunging deep toward my womb. 

"How much?" I ask. 

Her eyes are closed, but Tara's pretty brow is furrowed in concentration. It takes her a moment to respond to my question. "How much, what?" 

"How much of your dick is inside of me now?" I pant out. I've never felt so full down there. Never been filled so deep. 

"Uuuuummmmmm, ssssssssssssssssssss, oh god, maybe about three quarters I guess." Tara strokes inside me a few more times before continuing. "Is... oooohhhh, is that too much? I... uh, oh shit this feels good. I had no idea! Oh fuck! If... if...if you need me to ...I can pull out some." 

I wrap my long legs around her and pull until her hips are mashed against my ass and her tight balls are pressed to my crack. "Don't you dare pull out," I growl. 

"Oh shit Jennifer, don't move! Don't move at all. Ohhhhhh...fuck!" 

"Why?" I ask. 

"'Cause if you move I'm gonna cum. I'll bust my load right in your pussy." 

"Yeah?" I say. 

"Yes," Tara answers, "just give me a second." 

"Did I get you real close?" I ask giving me voice a sexy, throaty sound. 

"Yes." 

"Do you like it? Huh? Do you like my tight little pussy, baby?" 

Tara answers, "I love your pussy!" 

"What about when it does this?" I ask tightening the muscles of my pelvis rhythmically. I rock my hips against her taking even more of Tara inside me. I milk her and fuck back at her, driving her nuts. 

"Jennnnn..." she hisses. 

"I'm going to make you cum Tara. Make you cum in my pussy. And when you're done, I'm going to make you clean me up...with your MOUTH!" 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," Tara moans. Her hips slam into me, pushing her cock as far into me as it can go. Outside I can feel her body trembling. Inside I feel the first hot spurt of scalding cum shoot. It splashes against my cervix, coats my most sensitive places with liquid heat. It's the first of many blasts, her already thick cock expanding inside of me as it sends shot after shot of hot cum into my vagina. I can already feel it leaking out, sliding down over my ass before falling to the seat below. The feelings I am having are indescribable. This union feels so good. So right. So absolutely perfect! 

Tara slumps down unto me as her orgasm subsides. It's really just her upper body as she supports most of her weight with her legs, but still her body laying against mine causes me to sigh in contentment. Slowly, her breathing goes back to normal; I wonder if she will fall asleep. I needn't have worried, because the next moment finds Tara stretching her body, pushing her hands up across my breasts, past my shoulders to rest them on either side of my head. Her butt is raised high and I'm reminded of something, something that races within my mind too fast to pin down. A quick peck from Tara and the thought is gone for good. 

"That was amazing," she says. "You're amazing!" With a quick shuffle of her knees, Tara slides to the floor, her body still bound by my spread thighs. "Time to clean up my mess!" 

"Hey..." I start, intending to tell her I was only kidding, but the sensation of her tongue dissuades me. 

She begins by lapping the juices coating my thighs and the creases of my pelvis. Long, warm licks of her tongue gather the juices, the evidence of our mutual arousal. I squirm when her tongue laves across the damp curls of my pubes. When I'm sufficiently clean, Tara moves down, licking from the top of my ass crack, along my anus, up and over my taint, before sliding along the groove of my vagina. Her tongue is flat and wide and slick, encompassing my entire pussy at once. The ball of her tongue ring, smooth as it is, contrasts sharply with the oddly rough skin of Tara's tongue. It is an odd but thoroughly pleasant feeling. Continuing on, she slurps at the jism sliding out of my well fucked hole; the sensation is wickedly erotic. I feel my orgasm approaching. My vagina is creaming in response to both the physical and mental stimulation. 

Tara purrs, "You've got a real creamy pussy Jenn." 

"You are owning that pussy, girl," I reply. 

"Oh yeah! Is this my pussy now? My pussy to play with any way I want?" 

"Yes," I say. "Lick it, bite it, fuck it, do whatever you want just don't stop!" 

"Well I've gotten all the cum I can with my tongue, but maybe if I use my fingers I can reach a little more," Tara answers. 

She puts words into action, slipping two fingers into my gushing twat. She moves them gently at first, making sure they are well coated by my juices. When they start to make a squelching sound she picks up the pace, twisting and thrusting the cream covered digits in and out. I'm jogging my hips in time with the digital penetration, getting her fingers nice and deep inside me as I rise toward a huge cum of my own. Tara's tongue snaps out, flicking my clit, her tongue ring banging my little nubbin back and forth. My legs, which had been loosely draped around her shoulders scissor in locking her head and tongue in place. I'm so fucking close. I can feel the flutter of my impending orgasm. It's rising. Rising! Tara hooks her fingers and presses lightly against the spongey ridge of my g-spot, rubbing it in tight little circles and - 

My orgasm explodes within me, making my legs lock and catching my scream in my throat. My cum is spectacular! I feel it forking, a lightning flash of sensation jumping the thin barrier of skin and tissue from my g-spot to my clit. It doesn't stop there. It flows outward, down to my flexing toes first, then back to pool in the center of my pulsing vagina and then upwards to my breasts. I mash my tits to my chest and pinch my nipples with the first two fingers of my hands which sets off a deeper, impossibly more robust orgasm. The muscles in my legs, belly and of course my vagina are all jerking now. My pussy is squeezing and milking the fingers inside even as the rest of my body jerks away from the overwhelming sensation. 

"Oh shit! Oh fuck! Oh my god!" I pant when I can finally draw enough breath to speak. Tara has continued her sexual manipulations throughout my gyrations and I finally have to beg her to stop! 

"Baby, god baby, you have to stop! It's too much! You're gonna break me." 

She slows gradually, bringing me down at her pace not mine. I'm spent. Slick with sweat and panting like I've run a marathon. I can feel my uterus starting to contract. Shit! Tara came inside me. I'm starting to panic. My panting is seconds away from full-on hyperventilation. 

"Relax babe," Tara says, "I'm shooting blanks. There's nothing to worry about." 

"How...how did you know I was thinking about that?" 

"I don't know. Right now though it feels like we're in sync. Like we're two people with one mind." 

I'm about to go all existential when I see Tara's face. I snort. I can't help it. She is sitting on the ground, still locked within the cage of my crossed legs. Her face is absolutely drenched in my juices. She's covered from just below her eyes to the tip of her chin with vaginal juices. Here and there are thicker, white, creamy patches. I can't tell if they are of her making or mine. 
