 In my dream I am naked, enjoying the sensation of the summer sun on my body as lay upon a towel. The towel beneath me is warm, soaking up the heat from the boards of the wooden deck, and soft against my sun-kissed skin. I can hear birds chirping melodically back and forth in the trees that shield my yard from the neighbors. A pair of Monarch butterflies walk unconcerned across my chest, their distinctive orange and black wings open against the gentle breeze flowing over us. They are slowly making their way toward my increasingly hard nipples. For some odd reason the unhurried movement of the butterflies is mildly erotic. A throaty chuckle alerts me to the fact I may not be alone. In fact, as I yawn and rapidly blink my sleep bleary eyes, I become aware that instead of my backyard I'm lying in Tara's bed, though I'm still naked.

"Sorry," Tara says. "I didn't want to wake you; I was distracted by how responsive your nipples are."

She's right! My nipples have always been quick to pucker, but lately they've grown even more sensitive, seeming to swell and harden at the least sign of attention. Since I've been spending most of my free time with Tara, they are always either hard or on the verge of becoming hard. Looks like she noticed!

"No fair," I whine. "If you keep teasing me my nipples will be sore all day.

"What makes you think I'm teasing?" she asks innocently. Tara maintains eye contact as her long, somewhat raspy tongue slides out of her mouth. Slowly, deliberately, her tongue moves toward my chest, touching down just below the hollow of my throat. It travels down the center of my chest, soft and feather-light, before detouring across the modest swell of my right breast. Tara's tongue takes a lazy pass around the puckered skin of my areola. I shift my body, raising my chest to meet her, hoping that slick muscle will make its way to the hard nub of my nipple. Instead, Tara's mouth opens wide and gently latches onto my breast. I feel the sharp edges of her teeth on the sensitive skin of my tit, not enough to break the skin, but enough to give me the delicious fantasy of danger.

"Sssss," I inhale sharply then moan. "Oooooohhhh... I love when you do that!"

"You love everything I do you little slut."

For a moment I have the strangest desire, a desire to make sure Tara knows her place. To let her know I'm the dominant one in this relationship. Then my eyes focus and I can see the grin on her face and the twinkle in her eyes. She's only playing! The feeling passes as quickly as it arrived and I'm left feeling relaxed and languorous. Almost of their own accord my legs fall lewdly apart. I pull Tara so that she is now lying atop me, my spread open thighs framing her petite, but still curvy body. My hips move in a slow, up and down motion that is not completely under my conscious control. Above me, Tara's body rests against my frame, her enormous breasts, pressed hot and tight just below my own. I feel the weight of her testicles resting on top of my hairy pubes as I raise my hips, only to feel them slip away as my hips push back into the mattress. My eyes close. I press my face into Tara's long, chocolate colored hair, inhaling the scent that is uniquely hers. The bliss I feel is nearly overwhelming.

My hands run down her back, feeling the numbers on the Carolina Panthers jersey she wears as a nightgown. I'm pleasantly surprised when I reach the hem and draw it up to find Tara is naked underneath. I let my palms play along the curve where her back meets the upper slopes of her buttocks, rubbing the soft skin, and enjoying the heat of Tara's ever warm body. When I've had my fill of feeling up her lower back, I let my hand travel lower to the generous swell of her round bottom. I love Tara's ass! Her hips flare out a bit, really only in comparison to her tiny waist, but her cheeks are large and firm like a cyclist or gymnast. Her ass cleavage is awesome and I love to spread her cheeks and run my fingers around her little puckered starfish. I let my fingers play: squeezing, kneading, rubbing and even a little poking of her receptive crinkle. Tara's breathing is becoming deeper.

We stay like that for a while, me rubbing and playing with Tara's ass and her giving much wanted attention to my aching tits. I've just started to notice Tara's hips syncing with mine when I hear her say, "Your hairy little beaver is tickling my nut sack!"

I can't help the laughter that bubbles up from deep inside my soul. "Need you, baby," I croon and pull her body tighter to me. Her cock is hot, heavy against the skin of my abdomen; I feel tiny flutters in my stomach and groin. Tara circles her hips, letting me feel the dimensions of the hard slab of girl-cock between her legs. Her erection is truly enormous. Though her balls rest on my pubes, the length of her penis rises up and over my belly button. Her bell-shaped head rises nearly to my breasts.

"You want this?" Tara asks, giving her hips a quick thrust.

"Yesssss!"

"Ah, ah, ah," she says, "no nookie unless you make me feel pretty."

Tara slides down my body and takes her immense erection in hand. She taps it lightly on the light brown fur of my pubes, then slides the wet, tapered head around the entrance to my sex. Our juices mingle, letting the glans glide up and around, over, back and forth across the slick, wet folds of my pussy. "You have the most beautiful hair," I say. "It's soft and the color reminds me of a rich, dark chocolate. When I see your pouty little lips all I want to do is kiss them until they break into a smile. And your tits! Your tits are freaking unreal. They're so big, so soft, but there's no sag in them at all." I'm shushed by one of Tara's fingers pressing softly on my lips.

"It's lovely to hear those compliments," she says and the look on her face is both earnest and longing. "But that's not what I meant. I want you to make me feel pretty."

At first I can only stare at her in bewilderment. Then I look again at the longing in Tara's face and realize what she is asking for. Tightening my core, I sit up using just the muscles of my abdomen. My arms, which are open wide, reach out to enfold Tara in a tight embrace. I scoot forward on my ass so I can wrap my legs around her as well. A couple of quick tugs later I've pulled her to me so that even though we are still sitting on the bed, her legs are scissored with mine. When we are as close to one another as we can possibly be, I raise my right hand and run it through the long, dark waves of Tara's hair. I pull it to me and rub it against the side of my face, inhaling the sweet fragrance of Tara and shampoo deeply. I'm watching out of the corner of my eye, so I see when Tara's eyes flutter closed and a small smile plays upon her lips.

My fingers trace a quick path down the silken locks, then rise up to cup the smooth cheek of Tara's face. I pull my head to the far side of her face and plant my cheek next to hers. This gives my hand tracing the other cheek the access it needs to move softly down along the line of her jaw before rising up to trace a line around those bee-stung lips with my thumb. I'm not surprised when Tara's lips part and her long, pink tongue slides out to flick wetly against the pad of my thumb. We keep this up for a few moments, me tracing a slow path across her lips and dipping a bit into her open mouth, and Tara teasing my thumb tip with her tongue. Tara pulls back a bit and breathes, "Yes! Jennifer. That's it. Keep going."

That's all the encouragement I need! I pull her back into me, then twist Tara toward the bed so she is now lying on her back beneath me. Her hair has spread out behind her and looks like a chocolate waterfall against her shoulders. Tara's hazel eyes are open and watching me intently. I lean down, letting my own dirty blonde hair tickle her face and shoulders before placing several kisses to Tara's lips. I kiss one corner of her mouth and then the other, my lips firm and mouth closed. My lips part slightly, sucking Tara's bottom lip into my mouth. I run my tongue along her lower lip, enjoying the softness of her skin. Beneath me, Tara's breath has grown shallow. I wait for her lips to part and when they finally do I slip just the tip of my tongue into Tara's warm, moist mouth. I tease her, flicking my tongue against hers then retreating to taste her lips again. Her mouth opens wider, inviting my tongue to enter more fully, but I have other ideas. Moving lower, I plant a chaste kiss on Tara's chin and then both sides of her collarbone. Her hands come up to rub and caress my head and hair.

With a quick movement I grab both of her hands in mine, then shift one arm so I am now holding both her narrow wrists in one of my hands. Tara's eyes open in surprise and I give her a warm smile before slowly raising both her arms above her head and pinning them to the bed with my left hand. Now for reasons that are not yet clear to me, Tara is ridiculously strong and she could easily break my hold. Instead she gives me a rare wide smile (revealing her very sharp, very white teeth) and a playful wink. I wink back, throw my hair behind my ears and lower my mouth to the huge boobs so breathtakingly displayed before me.

Tara's skin is olive-toned so her breasts have dusky pink areolas with big, stiff nipples. The breasts are a perfect tear drop shape and they are soft, warm and succulent. I rub my face against them, enjoying the softness of Tara's skin, the ever-present warmth that radiates from her body and the very erect nipple showing me that Tara is as turned on as I am. After exploring Tara's breasts with my cheeks and forehead I let my tongue slip out of my mouth. I lick all around both breasts, being very sure not to touch or contact her nipples in any way. When both breasts are wet and shiny with my saliva I put my face between them, using my one free hand to press her near boob firmly against my face. I lick the soft skin between her breasts while smooshing my face with her big knockers.

Tara laughs, then sighs as I continue titty-fucking my face. Beneath me I feel her small frame wriggle with anticipation. I stop easing my face between her boobs and raise my mouth to her mouth-watering nipples. Tara's nipples are thick, surprisingly long and they slip into my mouth like candy drops. My tongue flicks the turgid nubs, running across the pebbled flesh in a quick fevered search. When I've left her nipples wet and achingly hard, I begin to suckle them lovingly and offering gentle caresses with my palms.

I reach beneath me, spreading the lips of my pussy and lining myself up with the rampant erection below. I drop my weight so my slick, fragrant cunt is resting lengthwise on Tara's shaft, not taking it inside me, but simply running myself along the limits of its length. Her hard, wide cock is fever warm against the delicate tissues of my slippery lips; its heat ignites my passion and makes my hips grind in a quick circular motion. Beneath me, Tara must be equally enamored of the moist heat between my legs, the heat which even now is coating the sensitive skin of her penis, because when I moan in both need fulfilled and need not yet quenched, she is right there with me! "Oh god! Jennifer you are driving me nuts," Tara groans while arching her back to push her hot meat into my shimmying snatch. She makes a feeble attempt to raise her pinned arms.

The pressure of her hips and cock on my sticky clam is neither feeble nor unappreciated, so when Tara whines, "I want to be inside you," I happily comply. I ride her hard and fast, alternating between rocking my hips back and forth so that the cheeks of my ass splay and rub upon her crotch and thighs, and rising up to take her inside me with long, deep strokes. With my free right hand, I make sure to play with Tara's nipples. I don't neglect my own nipples either. That's just me; I'm a giver like that! The sound of her dick sliding in and out of my wet pussy fills the room.

It's not long before that free hand decides to take a southern detour, down to the land of tingling clit. I play with myself the way I like: rubbing with the pad of my index finger from the base to the tip, stroking it like a miniature dick with my first two fingers, diddling it gently with the tips of my fingers as I rub it in increasingly quick circles. I'm driving to a massive orgasm when Tara rumbles deep in her throat below me. GGGRRRRWWWWLLL!

I don't stop the jilling of my ready to explode clit, but I do manage to open my eyes to the breathtaking sight of Tara thrusting into me from below. Her hands are still pinned above her head, making her smooth round titties sit high on her chest, dancing and rolling with the motion of her pumping hips. Eyes shining a bright gold, Tara has caught her bottom lip between those sharp, dangerous teeth. She watches me with rapt attention. Well, part of me anyway. Her gaze is locked onto the motions of my free hand, watching me as I pleasure myself. Like me, Tara is very close to orgasm!

"You enjoying the view, sweetie?" I ask.

"mmmmm hmmmm."

"You gonna cum soon? You wanna drop your baby batter in my sticky box?"

Tara shakes her head no. She says, "I wanna cum on your bubble butt!"

The thought of being taken from behind is very appealing to me right now. I bounce on the thick stick inside me a couple more times, then slowly slide off Tara's cock and release her trapped hands. I give Tara a broad smile then crawl toward the opposite end of the bed, making sure to shake my hips and put on a good show. When I reach the perfect spot I cross my arms in front of me, drop my head to rest on my forearms and spread my legs wide. My ass is in the air with everything on display. I can feel the air around me cooling the juices dripping from my open cunt. My sphincter squeezes and relaxes as I give my girlfriend a saucy wink. It has the desired effect.

Tara glides behind me, taking the globes of my ass in her small, but firm hands. "Do that again," she says. I do. I squeeze and then relax my starfish, all the while moving my hips in an enticing circle. Tara slides her thick, long stick into my pussy, working herself up into a steady rhythm that has her hips slapping against my gyrating ass cheeks.

Lately Tara has become fascinated with my tight little anus, kissing and teasing it with her tongue and fingers. Today is no exception. Once she's established a good fucking motion, Tara's hands begin to explore the soft, flushed skin of my ass crack. Her thumbs spread my cheeks as wide as they will go then slowly circle back toward the crinkle of my hole, a pattern that repeats itself endlessly it seems. Combined with the good hard fucking I'm receiving I'm soon panting with need. I arch my back some more and push back with my hips so that the thumb which had been lazily circling my asshole suddenly pushes against the ready opening and sinks in just a bit. "Ooooohhhhhh Fuuuucccckkkk!" I moan and push back more until my cheeks are flush against Tara's hips.

As I move forward Tara sinks her thumb deeper into my rectum even as her cock slips from the grasping walls of my pussy. It doesn't take long for us to find synchronicity: her cock slipping deeper into me as her thumb slips from the opening of my ass, her thumb plunging back into my backdoor while her cock head teases the opening of my leaking clam. I'm feeling a trembling deep in my belly as my orgasm approaches. Behind and above me I hear Tara mumbling, a sure sign she is ready to cover my ass in sweet, caramel flavored cum.

It takes me a moment to figure out what she is saying, but by and by I'm able to make out the mumbled words. "Gonna cum on my mate! Gonna cum all over my mate!" Soulmate! I'm Tara's soulmate! My orgasm shoots through me, flashing light sparkling behind my tightly closed eyes, even as the walls of my twat and ass spasm around the still thrusting dick and thumb. I'm shaking, riding that moment of bliss for all its worth, riding Tara for all I'm worth. Mate!

By the time my orgasm runs its course I'm as limp as wet tissue paper. I pull away from Tara, from the cock and thumb that still try to plumb the depths of overworked pussy and clenching asshole. I roll onto my back, thinking to take Tara's turgid cock into the moist cavern of my mouth, but she has other ideas. Her golden gaze has locked onto my hairy pubes, just as her tiny hand has locked around the girth of her juice-slick penis. Her other hand snakes beneath to cradle and caress her balls. Both hands are moving at a frantic pace!

"You want some help with that?" I ask.

"Yeah...um, sure," she mumbles, mind obviously focused elsewhere.

Wriggling my newly painted toenails, I raise my left foot between her legs, positioning my toes so they are perpendicular to Tara's body. My toes move higher and higher until they are just touching the seam of her ball sack, gently bouncing and manipulating the nuts inside. I can tell Tara is enjoying the attention because it doesn't take more than a few seconds for her to begin thrusting her hips in time with my little piggies.

"Oh god, Jenn...you're gonna make me spurt."

"Do it, baby!"

"Unggghhh... oh fuuuuuuccccckkkkk!"

The first cum shot hits me right above my clit, dribbling down over my love button in a pearly-white mess. I'm always amazed at how hot it feels against my body. The next two shots hit me squarely in my dirty-blonde pubes. A fourth shot misses the mark and hits the crease of my thigh. The final shot falls short and lands on the slick folds of my well satisfied twat. Oh my! The size of the load she has left is prodigious and I leave my legs spread wide as can be knowing how Tara enjoys seeing her handiwork. Tara has the widest grin on her face as she views my cum covered pussy; my grin is nearly as wide as I take pride in knowing I've caused such a passionate response.

When Tara raises her gaze to mine I almost blurt out an 'I love you'. I'm worried though, worried that if I start talking I'll tell her everything that's in my head, everything that's in my heart. Tell her I daydream about spending the rest of my life with her, my goal is to move in with her and perhaps someday raise a family with her. But I don't say any of what I'm thinking. Is it too soon? Who knows? Tara did say I was her soulmate. Is she having the same internal conversation I am? I don't know. I do know I'm going to be cautious and reel my prey in slowly. My prey? What a random expression. Tara's clearly got me rattled.

Of course all this passes through my head with the all the speed of one of my computer systems at work. Meanwhile, Tara cuts her eyes down to my crotch then back up to mine with an expression that causes my stomach to flip flop and my Kegel muscles to clench in anticipation. Tara's tongue slides out of her mouth and curls to press upon her upper lip before testing the sharpness of her extra-long canines. "You look very sexy all covered in my cum," she says. "Good enough to eat I'm guessing!"

Even as she is speaking, Tara grabs my nearest foot in one strong hand and scoops a dollop of her creamy cum up with the other. She makes sure I'm watching. When she knows she has my undivided attention, Tara rubs her sticky mess over and between my big toe and my second toe. Another grin and then my foot is raised to her slutty mouth. Tara sniffs the cum and my foot, seeming to savor the aroma of the two together. I can't help but wiggle my toes in both challenge and anticipation. Tara doesn't disappoint.

Her tongue snakes out, long and wet and slightly rough against the tip of my big toe, sliding through the jism she has put there. She does this for a moment then pops my toe into the warmth of her mouth. I don't even try to stifle the moan erupting from my throat. Tara sucks my toe gently, letting her tongue swirl over and around the piggy. When she has cleaned her spunk from my big toe her tongue dips into the space between my toes, slurping her cream even as she tongue fuck the digits. Tara takes each toe into her mouth, sometimes individually and sometimes with one or two other toes, licking them, tickling them and bathing them in the warmth of her mouth. She grabs more of her cum, gathering it up from my hip and pubes only to deposit it on the toes of my other foot. Again Tara mouths each toe, loving on my foot while eating the essence of her baby batter like it is the finest meal she's ever tasted. I'm in heaven!
