 Ok this is my first story on this site, all I ask for is a fair criticism on what you guys think both of the story itself and my writing. Any tips or advice would be appreciated.

Regards, NiceGuyA11ways

*

Running in sand sucks, seriously, not only does sand not support your weight all that well, but it sucks your feet in and slows you down and makes it twice as hard to take the next step. Plus, chasing something that you can only see for a second or two makes it suck that much more, damn fireflies, and my kid cousins that dragged me out here to chase them. A year or two ago my grandparents had the great idea to buy a house out in the sand dunes on the southern tip of Lake Michigan, which given that the lake is about a fifteen minute drive down the nearest highway from the town where they used to live with the rest of the family, it didn't really make much sense to me. But when my grandparents want something they usually get it, no matter how ridiculous. This led me to my current situation, a mason jar in one hand, shoes filling up with sand running along a semi-dark path in the dunes after my two seemingly inexhaustible little cousins.

"Come on Nate we gotta catch the fireflies!" said Sam, the eleven year old was obsessed with the military and was always wearing something camo themed. His nine year old sister Christy stood next to him looking like she was about to fall asleep standing up, she was a girls girl, always wearing something pink and taking dancing lessons.

"Hold on a sec Sam." I said, on a dare from him I had taken the steep side of the dune up to the top and I was paying for it, I could barely breathe, I'm not out of shape, I run in the dunes all the time, but that's in shorts and sneakers, not work boots, blue-jeans, and a hoodie.

I glanced at Christy, she was nodding slightly, "Hey Sam buddy I think your sister is falling asleep on us. Maybe we should start heading back."

"But...you haven't caught a firefly yet Nate." said Christy, as she yawned.

I glanced at the empty jar in my hand, she was right, but I came more to look after them than to catch bugs. But I knew that if I didn't catch one they would bug me for a week.

"Alright you two," I said as a crouched down putting myself at their eye level, "I will catch one and then we head back...no arguing."

Christy smiled her adorable smile that adults everywhere melted at, Sam nodded clearly unhappy with having to head back but he tried to smile anyway.

I stood up and started looking for a bug that would be an easy catch, out of the corner of my eye I saw a faint pulse of light in a patch of dune grass. It had probably just landed on one of the blades to rest. I slowly began creeping toward the tall brown grass blades, jar in my right hand, my left ready to scoop the bug into the jar, as I got close I heard the faint hum of wings and saw another pulse of light, I bolted toward it and scooped the bug into the jar in one move as I did so I could of sworn I heard a tiny voice yell "Hey!" but I wrote it off as my imagination mixed with sleepiness. 

I turned and held the now faintly glowing jar up for my cousins inspection, gave it a slight shake, and then tucked it into my hoodie pocket after I put the lid on.

"Yay Nate!" said Christy hopping in place as she cheered, then she stopped and gave a huge yawn.

"Looks like Short Stack is done for the night." I said smiling slightly as I walked over to Christy. Short Stack was her family nick name, and she hated it.

"Don't call me that!" she tried to sound angry but was too busy yawning again.

"Will carrying you back make up for it?" I asked.

She paused and thought about it then said, "Maybe." with a cheeky little smile.

"Maybe really that's all I get?" I asked hiding my grin behind a hand, as I inched closer.

"Yeah." She said, after pretending to think about it for a few seconds.

"How about...now!?" I asked as I reached out and began tickling her.

Christy squealed with laughter and tried to push me away.

"Grab her arms Sam!" I said Sam rushed over laughing along with his sister as he held her arms to her sides. After several moments of flailing fun I scooped Christy up and threw her over my shoulder like a sack of potatoes.

"Quickly Private we need to get to the house before the Jerries catch us!" I said faking a British accent.

"Yes sir!" said Sam and we took off toward the lights of the beach house.

As we got closer Christy's flailing and laughter slowly faded to giggles and squirming, until it died down to nothing at all shortly before we reached the door. As Sam opened the screen door on the porch I gently lowered Christy so I was carrying her against my hip with her head on my shoulder, her steady breathing showing that she had fallen asleep. We walked into the 'living room' area of the beach house, half the building was a massive open space with nothing between the kitchen, living room, and dining room, while on the other half of the house there was a staircase that leads to the loft and underneath the loft were a pair of bedrooms and a bathroom.

Aunt Beth and my grandmother sat in the living room talking my grandfather was asleep on the recliner his mostly gray hair standing out on one side as he rolled over.

"Hey Nate." said Aunt Beth as I walked toward her.

"Hey, Short Stack nodded off." I said as I handed Christy to her.

"Oh that's fine," she said as she held her daughter, "we are leaving soon, it's almost bed time for them anyway."

When Chris heard the phrase 'bed time' he let out an 'aaaawwwww' of complaint. Aunt Beth shot him a warning look.

I wandered over to the stove were a pot of soup sat over a low flame, staying hot, I ladled some into a bowl. Then I caught site of the clock.

"Crap, is it really that late?" I asked.

My aunt nodded and smiled, "Somewhere to be Nate?"

"Yeah I plan to go for a run tomorrow morning and I'm going to need my sleep." I said as I poured the soup from the bowl back into the pot. I walked over toward the door and grabbed my small bag that I stowed my laptop in were ever I went, I pulled the jar out of my hoodie pocket and shoved into one of the side pouches on the bag. As I slung the bag over my shoulder and pulled my car keys out of my pocket I waved over my shoulder.

"Bye" I said as I stepped outside.

"Bye be careful." I heard my grandmother say.

I walked over to the beat up old jeep that I was lucky enough to own and opened the driver side door, threw my bag into the passenger seat and started it up.

Fifteen minutes later I pulled into the driveway at my parents' house, since it was summer break and I had decided to not take any classes at my college for the summer semester, I had moved back in for a while. I walked up to the door and unlocked it, my parents had gone on some cruise or other and would be gone for two weeks, that and my older sister going away for college I had the house to myself for a while. I made my way to my room on the second floor, despite my nearly a year of absence nothing had been moved at all, the same bookshelves packed with dog eared and bent up books the same small desk with a space for my laptop with the rest of it covered with half-finished drawings, the same beat up dresser. I sighed as I tossed my bag onto my bed; I pulled it open and hooked up my laptop in its designated desk area. Then I reached into the side pocket and pulled out the jar then set it on my desk over the scraps and bits of paper and drawings. That's when I first saw her; at first I thought I was going crazy I mean fairies aren't real y'know? But there she was, a fairy in my mason jar standing there and looking pretty pissed. I admit the first thought in my head was, 'God she's gorgeous' she stood there with classic elfin features and full lips with a messy short blond hair, her dress made out of leaves, her pointed ears sticking out through her hair slightly her dragonfly wings flitting as she glowed faintly. We must have stared at each other for a full minute, me in shock and awe and her in glaring in anger.

She crossed her arms over her tiny chest and said, "Well? You going to let me out? Or am I going to have to chew my way through the lid?"

Of course I couldn't hear her through the glass but I got the jist. I nodded and reached for the jar, and I saw a frightened expression flash across her face, she quickly hid it but I saw.

"It's okay I'm not going to hurt you." I said, as I slowly began turning the lid. 

She simply tapped her foot and made a 'get on with it' gesture.

Once the lid was of the fairy flew up and out of the jar and sat on the edge of my desk. She stayed there for several moments then flew up to look me in the eye as she hovered several inches from my face.

"What are you doing?" I asked as I swallowed nervously.

She paused and set her hands on her hips, "Trying to decide whether or not I owe you." Her voice had a musical sound to it, almost as she was singing but didn't drag out any of the syllables. 

"After all you're the reason I was in the jar in the first place, but you didn't know that you put me in there to begin with. You see, fairies are big on debts. So I either owe you for letting me out or I have to back at you for putting me in there, has to be one or the other." As she spoke, she eyed me from head to foot, she began to smile.

"If it helps...I'm sorry about putting you in a jar." I said as I backed up slightly, she followed me as she did her smile grew. Her teeth were pointed like tiny needles.

"Y'know I think I can have my revenge and pay off that debt all in one go. After all no one ever said I can't both owe you and have to get back at you at the same time." She said.

"What are you going to do to me?" I asked, as I inwardly panicked.

"That's alright, I won't do any permanent damage." She said as she darted closer, I felt the back of my legs hit the edge of my bed.

"D-damage?" I asked wincing as my voice cracked.

"Don't worry stud." she said as her smile combined with the gleam in her eyes gave her a predatory look.

"Shirt off. Now." She demanded as she crossed her arms over her chest.

I swallowed nervously and pulled off my shirt and hoodie. Remember that running in the dunes I told you about? It didn't exactly give me washboard abs but there wasn't a scrap of fat on my body, my torso was flat and lean, athletes muscle.

The fairy licked her lips, and groaned. Wait, she did wait what?

Next thing I know I was flying back and landing on my bed with an 'oof' and the sound of creaking metal springs, followed by the snap of a button and high pitched whine of a zipper. I felt cool air on my legs, I propped myself up on my elbows, and looked down at my now bare legs, clad only in my boxers. The fairy stood on my stomach just above the waistband of my boxers, giggling slightly, her tiny hand hiding her smile.

"Silly me look at you, almost naked with me still with my clothes on, well let's see if I can change that." She said, as she reached up to grip the shoulder straps of her leafy dress. Then in one motion, and with a slight wiggle of her hips, it fell off of her to pool around her feet. First thing I noticed was that she wasn't wearing a bra, her tiny breasts bounced slightly as they were freed, she paused when she caught me staring. I immediately looked away, I could feel my cheeks and ears burning, as well as blood rushing down below my waist.

"Aw you're so cute!" she squealed, I could feel her small feet as they walked toward the waistband of my boxers. I mustered the courage to look back at her, she was now facing away from me and looking at my now tented boxers. She glanced over her shoulder and blew me a kiss and giggled, then she said, "Looks like you won't disappoint stud."

She moved so quickly all I saw was a glowing blur then my boxers were gone, and the sudden rush of cool air on my shaft made me shudder. I felt a slight weight against the tip, and saw her sitting on my dick as if it was some sexualized bar stool. She giggled as she slowly shifted her weight from side to side as I squirmed at the new sensation. Her wings began fluttering and she flew upwards until she was floating about an inch above my dick, then she began to glow, and a trail of sparkling dust began to fall from her wings over my shaft.

I shuddered, it felt good, wherever the dust touched there was a warm tingling sensation. Pretty soon my entire dick was covered in the stuff, the warm pleasant tingle increased tenfold. I groaned as my hands dug into the sheets, I wouldn't last long. I glanced up from my dust covered shaft at the fairy, what I saw nearly made me explode then and there, she had leaned bag with her legs spread and was furiously fingering herself as she watched her handiwork.

"Am I good or am I good?" She managed to ask, between slight groans and sighs.

I grunted and squeezed my eyes shut, "You're good." I managed to get out through clenched teeth, my hips bucking. I could feel my balls tightening, the pressure building to climax. The closer I got the more noise the fairy made. Until the blinding surge of electricity and pleasure ripped through me blocking out everything else for a few seconds, I could hear the fairy squeal as she came as well, I heard a thud as I felt her fall onto my stomach.

I lay there for a moment before I managed to speak, "Holy shit." I said.

"No kidding." She said, I looked down she was sprawled across my stomach, her hand still buried inside of her pussy.

We laid like that for a good five minutes before I pushed myself up onto my elbows and looked down, she giggled as she rolled down my stomach.

"Do you ever stop giggling?" I asked, smiling.

She paused, "Hey fairies are naturally happy, so I'm a giggler, what can I say?" she said.

She stood up and walked over to her dress, then pulled it back on. "Well stud it's been fun but I got a party to get back to." She said blowing me a kiss.

"Hey wait!" I said, "Do you think you could come by later? You don't have to I could just use the company. Unless you don't want to then that's ok to." I stumbled over my words mentally kicking myself.

She paused and looked at me as she hovered in the air, an odd expression on her face "Sure...I'd like that." She said, after a moment of near panic from me.

As she started to fly toward the window I suddenly remembered something, "Wait! I don't know your name!" I nearly shouted as she lifted the window.

She paused on the windowsill then she turned slightly and whispered "Tee."

"Like the drink?" I asked.

She laughed slightly, "No dumb ass."

I sat there blinking like an owl, and said "Well, I guess I'll see you."

"Yeah." She said, then she was gone.

I leaned back and sighed, already thinking of what I wanted to do next time she visited.

Whew, that was harder than I thought, anyways thanks to you who took the time to read this, please review and leave and opinion.

Regards, NiceGuyA11ways 