 Catherine had always known she was different from other girls. It's hard not to, when every time you get sexually aroused your clitoris grows into a rock hard cock, and not a small one either. We're talking a three feet, seven inches solid ebony log and almost too thick for her to wrap both her hands around it. Every time it appeared she felt like a freak and did everything she possibly could to hide her secret. Needless to say Catherine carefully avoided sexual situations and was still a virgin when she left her home town to study English literature at Cambridge. That is, until she met Tracy.

Tracy was a new student who arrived on campus a few months into the semester, tall, slim with burning red hair, stunning legs, spectacular breasts and an ass to die for. Just looking at Tracy made Catherine's clit itch and twitch, wanting to grow to its full potential. It took all of Catherine's will power to keep it from tenting her skirt or tearing through her jeans and she had to start bringing clean underwear to school because of the involuntary ejaculations. 

Tracy too was majoring in English literature which made it hard for Catherine to avoid her at school. It didn't help much either that Tracy was the kind of girl who hug and kiss on the cheek to say hello. Every morning when Tracy wrapped her arms around Catherine, pressed her perfect breasts against Catherine's and her soft luscious lips against her cheek it was almost more than Catherine could bear. And every morning after Tracy had said hello Catherine had to make a stop at the ladies room. Two maybe three quick strokes with both hands trying to aim the rock hard ebony log into the toilet bowl to avoid spraying the walls with two cups of thick sticky semen. 

This caused Catherine to start arriving late for class, usually with a bright red face and a pair of sticky, smelly panties hidden at the bottom of her back pack. Then she had to spend two hours sitting opposite Tracy at the round table their professor insisted on to play down her role as an authority figure. To say that this made Catherine uncomfortable would be a severe understatement and she often found it difficult to focus on the lecture.

Eventually Catherine couldn't take any more. One morning she woke up ridden by a high fever, covered in sweat and semen from the numerous involuntary ejaculations that had happened during the night. Her cock was fully erect and so hard that it hurt to touch it. Her balls were tense and had started to turn a light shade of purple. She started to gently stroke her cock which almost instantly responded by spewing the biggest load Catherine had ever seen, at least four cups. The tension in her balls subsided for a while and her cock went limp but didn't revert back to the size of a large clitoris as it usually did once she had orgasmed. She sighed and called in sick. There was no way she could attend her classes like this. Especially since it only took about 10 minutes before the cock was rock hard again.

As she showered, after having provoked another orgasm in a futile attempt to drain her balls, she started to realize that there was something very wrong with her. Sure she had lived with her secret since she entered into puberty but never before had she had an episode as severe as this one. Usually the cock reverted back to a clitoris if she only gave herself an orgasm, sometimes two. But judging by the sticky mess she had made of her sheets during the night she had been ejaculating over and over, probably all through the night and still the damned thing was rock solid and the swollen head was slapping against her 36DD breasts every time she moved. Not even ice cold water could kill it.

She gave herself another orgasm in the shower by rubbing the cockhead between her breasts, shooting a four cups load all over her own face and hair and then she sat down in the shower and started to cry. She didn't know how to get the damned thing to go away. She would never be able to show herself in public again.

When the doorbell rang she was still in the shower and she still had a raging erection despite having given herself more orgasms than she dared count. She held her breath and hoped that whoever it was would go away and leave her alone. No such luck. She heard the mail slot open and a familiar voice call out to her.

"Hey Cath. It's me Tracy. I brought you my notes from today's lecture and the new assignment."

Catherine shook her head. Of all the people to ring her door Tracy was probably the worst one. She stayed quiet hoping that she would drop the notes and assignment through the mail slot and go away. Again, no such luck.

"C'mon Cath I can hear the shower."

There was a long silence and Catherine sighed, got up and wrapped a towel around her naked wet body. She checked the peephole in the door and told Tracy to drop the papers through the mail slot adding a cough at the end hoping to convince Tracy that she was ill.

"Sure Cath. I can do that but I really do need to talk to you too."

Cath held her breath and blinked repeatedly trying to keep the tears at bay. She could feel her face going red and when she looked through the peephole a second time her balls started to cramp and she shot a load of semen straight up between her breasts which covered her face and hair as well as the door. She bit her lip hard to hold back a loud moan.

"Cath, are you okay?"

"Yes ..." Catherine's voice was trembling and hesitant. She was far from okay.

"Please Cath open the door. I think I know what you are trying to hide from me. I might be able to help you."

Catherine closed her eyes, wrapped the towel tighter around her, pressing the head of the cock deep into her cleavage before slowly taking the chain off the door, unlocking it and then taking a step back into the small hallway.

"It's open."

Catherine closed her eyes and prepared herself for the worst. She heard the door open and close. She could smell the scent of garlic on Tracy's breath as she gasped.

"Oh WOW Cath. You're really in quite a bit of trouble aren't you?"

Catherine bit her lip and nodded. Her face was burning with embarrassment and shame.

Tracy lifted Catherine's chin up and looked deep into her eyes. The look was enough to cause yet another explosion of semen. Tracy smiled and kissed Catherine.

"I said I might be able to help and I can, but you have to trust me. O.K Cath?"

Catherine nodded helplessly as Tracy pulled the towel off her and leaned in to kiss the cockhead poking up between Catherine's breasts. She grabbed the shaft with both hands and gently pulled it free, her lips opening up to let the cockhead into her mouth. Catherine moaned and closed her eyes.

Inch by inch Tracy's lips made their way down Catherine's cock. Catherine grabbed on to the frame of the door to her kitchen when Tracy pushed two fingers deep into her cunt and through an act of sheer will power opened her eyes just a crack to see Tracy bent over with her lips a third of the way down her cock. It was enough to make her explode again but this orgasm was like nothing she had ever felt before. This was a ground-shaker, a debilitating force majeure of an orgasm. Catherine howled until she passed out. Her balls still cramping and pumping load after load of semen into Tracy's mouth.

When she came to Tracy was holding her head up, washing it with a wet piece of cloth.

"Welcome back Cath. I think I made it just in time. Who knows what might have happened had I not been able to get away from school as soon as I could."

Catherine looked at Tracy's face, framed by the burning red hair and Tracy's dark green eyes met her own cinnamon eyes.

"I mean you just came like a gallon and look, you're still hard."

Catherine looked down her body and indeed her cock was still hard, not rock solid but still hard.

"I don't know how to get rid of it Tracy. It scares me. Will it ever revert back to a clitoris?"

Tracy nodded.

"Eventually yes but for that it will need more than a simple blowjob."

Catherine looked at Tracy as she stood up, pulled off her pale green dress and squatted down until the head of the cock graced against her cunt. Tracy placed her hands on Catherine's breasts and gently rubbed the nipples. Catherine gasped and held her breath as Tracy's labia opened up around the cockhead and inch by inch, foot by foot it disappeared into her cunt until Tracy was grinding her clitoris against Catherine's pubic bone.

Catherine watched in disbelief as Tracy started to move her hips up and down, slowly fucking all of that throbbing hard cock. It should not be possible. Catherine was sure that she was hallucinating but as good as it felt to have her cock enveloped by a warm wet cunt she simply didn't care if she was just having a lucid dream or not.

Tracy leaned over to kiss Catherine and their breasts pressed against each other as Tracy picked up the pace and started to lift herself higher and higher on Catherine's cock before slamming down hard on it.

That was all Catherine could take. Her balls cramped and she felt the semen rise up through her cock and the last thing she saw before passing out again was her cum guzzling out of Tracy's mouth.

The next thing Catherine could remember was being back in the shower although not alone. Tracy had cleaned her off and even washed her hair. Catherine looked down the length of her body, hesitantly. The cock was still there but now almost limp. The balls didn't ache anymore either and had reduced to two tennis balls rather than two grapefruits.

Tracy kissed her softly and whispered: "I suppose it's time to tell you how I knew your secret. How I knew exactly what you've been going through ever since puberty and the agony you've been in the last 24 hours, and how I know how to help you with it."

Catherine just looked at Tracy and nodded. Perhaps it was time for a few explanations.

Tracy stood up, straddling Catherine and started to rub her clitoris. Catherine's eyes widened as Tracy's clitoris started to grow larger as she rubbed it, how it grew into a fully erect cock, how it kept growing and growing until Catherine could kiss the head even though Tracy was standing three feet away from her head.

Overcome with lust Catherine wrapped her lips around Tracy's thick veiny cock and started to work her way down the shaft. To her surprise she could take much more than she had expected to. Her jaw unhooked to accommodate the still growing cock as she pushed her throat further down on it. She could feel it going down her esophagus all the way down to the stomach before Tracy pulled out and kneeled down between Catherine's legs.

"You do trust me, don't you Cath?"

Catherine nodded transfixed by the four feet long cock, thick as her own biceps slapping against her belly. She drew a deep breath as Tracy pulled back and aimed the head of her cock against Catherine's soaking wet cunt.

Catherine gasped as it started to slide inside her. It felt as if she was being torn apart but inch by inch Tracy's cock made its way deeper and deeper. Catherine could feel it make its way through her intestines into her stomach. Her own cock grew hard again and when Tracy laid herself down of top of Catherine it was enveloped by to pairs of luscious breasts rubbing up and down against it. The double sensation of having a cock pounding deep into her stomach and her own cock caressed against the soft skin of her own and Tracy's breasts was enough to send her into yet another orgasmic frenzy. Her entire body convulsing as she was hit by not one but two simultaneous orgasms. Thick ropes of cum spewing from her cock onto her face, her cunt convulsing, a different sensation adding to the more familiar one and when she felt Tracy's cum rise up through her esophagus, almost choking her before erupting from her mouth like a volcano she passed out for the third time.

The next morning Catherine woke up on warm clean sheets next to Tracy's soft warm body. She didn't have to look or feel to know that her cock had reverted back to a clitoris. At least for the time being. She nuzzled her face into Tracy's burning red hair and kissed her cheek.

"Thank you for not being a dream and saving me from my worst nightmare."

"My pleasure darling."