 Zecair was just one city of dozens that was home to Zecarin elves, but being the first it gave its people their namesake. The entire city was housed in a hollowed out mountain that was once a volcano, making it almost impenetrable. Shielded from eyes, ears, siege engines, and unwanted visitors the Zecarin people could prosper unmolested. It was the sanctuary they needed hundreds of years ago from the cataclysm that divided the Elthair, Zecarin, and Awien elven peoples. Being the first and the oldest made it the cultural center of their society.

Mule could see the entire city and he marveled at their architectural accomplishments. Leaning on the balcony of the watch tower, he could see The Majestic's compound below. The great houses ringed the outer wall of the volcano's interior, each one served as a sentry to an access tunnel from the outer wall and the world outside. Each family compound also held similar watchtowers, but Mule could only make out the three closest to him. Bright glows from magical and subterranean lights illuminated aspects of the city. The city squares gave off a deep orange glow from the fountains in their centers. The fountains did not pour water like the ones above, they were deep thermal vents capped by stone sculptures. Warmth in this sunless city was just as crucial as water for survival.

Hundreds of people, Zecarins mostly, walked about the street like ants from this distance. The surrounding air was cold, but every now and then gusts from the vents below would make it his way and warm his cheeks.

"They deserve better." He brooded. Mule stepped back from the balcony and sat down against the wall behind him. A few steps from him was the open door to the guard station; none of the guards were up this high, they were all below worrying for their mistress and their lives. He pulled the remains of his servant's robe around him snuggly and leaned his head against a stone pillar jutting from the wall. A warm gust of air blew by and he closed his eyes, his head wiggled about trying to get comfortable in the nook. 

It was so peaceful up here he could finally sleep.

*****

"I came looking for my brother." Riyarra started with a long sigh. She accepted the cup of warm liquid The Deliquescent offered her. They sat in The Deliquescent's quarters, the Eltharian and her two Zecarin guards. She sat in a chair next to the bedside with both women sitting on the bunk. Her hosts had provided her a servant's dress and a head wrap to cover her hair and ears. Her features were still distinctly Eltharian, but a little dirt on her face made them less obvious in the makeshift disguise 

"Go on." The Alluring patted her thigh reassuringly and sat back in her chair. The house had been locked down, and for the moment they had been confined to their quarters. The Zecarin soldiers... no - chameleon soldiers by The Alluring's discovery, didn't care about their servant just in securing his task.

"My older brother, Zarion, was captured in a Zecarin raid." Riyarra continued. "I came to rescue him. I came, because my younger brother has inherited the family." She chose her words carefully, as the grip on her cup tightened. Heavy, barely restrained emotions accompanied thoughts of her younger brother. "He is a traitorous ass that will bring shame on us all. If I found Zarion, he could oust Merloul." She paused to sip her cider and collected her memories. The minty aroma help stimulate her memory.

"Inherit? What does that mean?" The Alluring asked her, truly puzzled.

"He takes control of the family upon his father's death. He gains all power and money that his father held, and the family will follow his leadership."

"How odd. Your people just hand over their fortunes, without making your offspring earn their rights?" The Alluring was baffled and somewhat disgusted by this concept. Riyarra couldn't help but chuckle at the irony. She decided to change the subject.

"I tracked the raiding party here." The elf continued, taking another sip from the minty beverage. "We waited for a patrol to come by. I was in charge of the party, I knew the best way to start was to get some information first. We ambushed the scout party and quickly subdued them. I gathered the prisoners together and asked which one was their leader. A male lifted his head high, sneered at me, and said 'Suck my cock and I'll tell you.'" Riyarra's eyes turned hard and stared off into space. The Deliquescent scowled and The Alluring smirked.

"So I told him to suck mine, and I shoved my sword down his throat." Riyarra continued. "Then I asked who was next in charge. No one spoke, but they looked at this one female soldier. I approached her and said. 'You just got promoted. So now you owe me.' She was willing to talk." The Alluring let out a soft chuckle. She harbored resentment for male leadership that Riyarra was also starting to show. "She told me she could find him, if he was still alive, and for the right price arrange for him to disappear into one of the entry caves."

"Price?" The Alluring asked. She was intrigued.

"You met with The Traitor." 

"She introduced herself as The Mischievous at the time." Riyarra leaned forward and looked to the two ladies faces. She was about to incriminate one of their own so she needed to be sincere in how she explained it. "She didn't want money. She just wanted us to ambush another search patrol and eliminate a certain officer that would be there. I suppose she was looking for another promotion."

"That one was trouble." The Deliquescent spoke now. She was agitated with Riyarra's story. "I knew The Traitor. I knew she would come to a violent end."

"She didn't." Riyarra corrected her. "I think The Majestic said Mule had freed her." Both Zecarin women scowled. 

"Why?" The Alluring said first. "That makes no sense."

"Mule doesn't make sense." Riyarra replied. "I will tell you more about humans once I finish this story." She downed the rest of her drink and sat back in her chair. "We set a place for a meeting once she had made her arrangements. She would give me the time and place her commander was going on patrol, and once he was dead she would give me the tunnel and time where my brother was going to be released. I had to show faith on my part."

"That must have been the part I saw." The Deliquescent said.

"Yes, when we were ambushed." Riyarra agreed. The Alluring grew silent, but she had her hands pressed together -- she was channeling magic energy.

"You kept your word. I believe that was the truth. Now it is our turn... Houses aren't allowed to keep Eltharian slaves, they are hated too much. If your brother was taken prisoner, he would be interrogated for information just as you were, and then executed." The Alluring looked into Riyarra's eyes as the certainty of her own fate sank in. "I don't think your brother made it here alive, you were the first live captive in a few years. I'm sorry." She placed her hand on the elf's hand. Riyarra squeezed it affectionately.

"Thank you both." She tried to smile as the words caught in her throat. "It's probably better this way. Without Zarion, Elthara wouldn't be worth returning to." She acknowledged she would never leave here, but now felt more at ease with that aspect. Without her brother, life seemed almost valueless to her.

"Tell us about Mule, and about humans. They're legendary here." The Alluring leaned forward with her sister, eager to hear what the elf had to say.

"You'll be disappointed." Riyarra tried to laugh as the tears started to swell in her eyes. "Mule told me, when we were in The Majestic's dungeon, that he wasn't human. And I believe him, the humans I know are very base creatures. As a people they have almost no skill in magic. They have some art and some culture. But their main strength is their modest ability in wars and in starting them. They have no real future except in building their stone castles and their armies." Her gaze went off into the distance for a moment. "A human couldn't survive down here. They need the sun to see, and their other senses are just as dull. Without the sun they go mad, or kill themselves. There really is no mystery or mysticism to humans, they're plain and boring."

"But Mule isn't." The Alluring commented and stared at Riyarra wishing there was more. The elf only shrugged; she was just as intrigued as they were. The Deliquescent sighed, disheartened, and leaned her head on her sister's shoulder.

"We'll be safe here until that monster gets bored and comes looking for us." The Alluring griped. "You two should sleep. I need to think about our situation. By Zecair law, we can't act against our master. But I'll die before I let that bastard touch me or my sister again." She started to pace the room with her arms crossed. She was getting furious as the direness of their situation started to mull around in her head. It was a pale hand that reached out, taking hers in a wanting embrace, that broke her silent tirade.

"Please join us." Riyarra asked. "A calmer mind can see things more clearly." She took The Alluring's hand and kissed the back of it, nuzzling her cheek into that dark skinned palm. 

The Alluring stifled a soft whimper. It wasn't something she was used to. Her sister was meek and accommodating, never taking the initiative -- she was a follower. The Alluring was always the one in control in their relationship. Riyarra took one of the under elf's fingers and kissed the tip of it softly. The Alluring's nerves lit up with excitement; this was the first time someone had been forward with her and she welcomed it. Perhaps just this once, she could let someone else make the first move.

Before she had finished rationalizing it, she found herself falling into the bed. Riyarra had taken her lack of protest as consent and had guided her onto the featherbed. The Deliquescent sat propped up on her elbow and only watched. Riyarra kissed her this time. Her lips were just as soft as The Alluring remembered only this time there was no doubt or conflict behind the kiss, it was pure affection. She looked up at her pale lover as their lips parted, reunited, and parted again; never in her dreams or nightmares did she ever see herself having to lie with the enemy. Yet here she was, discovering that Eltharians were not as monstrous as her people believed. Their culture was very different, but as she felt those lips kiss her again and again, and their tongues reached out to touch the other briefly during those kisses, she found common ground.

Her hand reached up to cup one of Riyarra's breasts through her dress. As the elf leaned over her, she felt the full weight of that womanly bosom in her palm. Her fingers curled around it as her thumb found the spot she desired. Riyarra's nipple was firm, but just started to show excitement as her thumb gently rolled around it. She didn't press, or pinch, just caressed, and used the fabric of her lover's dress to add an arousing texture to her touch.

Her attentions won her a soft moan from her lover's lips. Riyarra slowly broke away, only to place those warm, supple lips on her neck. It was something only her sister knew excited her, and she silently applauded her lover's ingenuity as those lips found all her aching spots and kissed them. This time, she let out a soft moan.

Riyarra's hands slowly hiked up the Zecarin's dress, pulling it up to her waist bit by bit. The Alluring sat up and kissed her, once, twice, as her dress was pulled over her head. The pale elf discarded it and found an eager pair of hands pulling hers up over her head as well. Then they were naked and bare, free to caress each other's warm bodies.

"It seems my sister couldn't wait for us." The Alluring whispered. Riyarra glanced over to find The Deliquescent curled up on her pillow, already asleep.

"Waking her up will be just as pleasurable." Riyarra whispered back and nibbled The Alluring's ear. She sighed deeply as the elf's lips traversed her sensitive ridge.

"She's a deep sleeper." The Alluring breathed between gasps of pleasure. She let her fingers traipse over her lover's back, idly brushing over skin and spine alike. When she'd finally had all she could take, she pulled away from Riyarra's embrace, only to lean the elf onto the bed and hover over her. Now it was her turn to truly play.

With one hand she pulled her hair back over one ear, and leaned on the other. Her fingertips caressed over Riyarra's body, and her eyes followed them where they went. She took in every curve and inch of the Eltharian's body.

"We are not so different after all." The Alluring lip's spoke as they moved to her lover's neck. It brought a soft content sigh from Riyarra, who responded by running her fingers through the Zecarin's white and black hair. She moved down her pale lover's body until her lips came to one pink areola amid a mound of pale flesh. Her lips kissed the nipple softly, and her tongue gave it short caresses. There she stayed, kissing over Riyarra's ample, supple bosom, and eliciting moans of pleasure from her. Her fingertips lightly grazed over Riyarra's other nipple and it immediately became hard to her touch. The elf moaned as her sensitive nubs were being tantalized by the soft touches of The Alluring. Her lips and tongue lavished one nipple, while her thumb and forefinger rolled the other one between them.

Her gasps of pleasure urged The Alluring to continue, as too did her hands as they caressed her dark lover's head and ears. Each touch was trying to reciprocate the pleasure the elf woman was feeling, and didn't go unrewarded. Soon that wonderful soft pink tongue journeyed south across her belly, stealing kisses along the way. 

Riyarra's legs parted instinctually, but The Alluring still lifted them up and moved them where she wanted them. Once more she paused to pull her long hair behind her ear, and gently lowered those sensual lips to Riyarra's labia. But it was her pink tongue that did most of the work, tenderly caressing and exciting the nerves of those outer folds. And as she kissed, she moved her body to hover over Riyarra's, placing her own warm sex in a similar position near her lover's mouth.

She was new to Sapphic love, but Riyarra was eager to please her rescuer, her savior, her friend. Her lips went to the under elf's smooth thighs first, placing soft wet kisses along her soft skin. They slowly worked closer to the wet sex that called to her. She was surprised to find The Alluring hairless, whereas she was covered in a small patch of blond hair. Her lips were eager, but nervous. She tried to mimic the attentions being paid to her own wet mound. Her tongue circled the outer folds of The Alluring's sex, causing a pleasurable moan from dark lover. She stroked her wet muscle up and down the wet labia, until it gently brushed the clitoris. The immediate reaction and sharp gasp by The Alluring told Riyarra it had been some time for her new lover. She kissed that sensitive bud, caressing it with her tongue gently and slowly. Making sure each and every sensation that played across The Alluring's body was felt and enjoyed. It wasn't long before she had the Zecarin elf in a panting frenzy. The Alluring's breaths had turn to continual moans, and Riyarra could tell she wouldn't last much longer. She herself was loosing her ability to concentrate from the wonderful, warm soft muscle exciting her clit. It was almost a contest to see who would reach orgasm first, but Riyarra forced herself to push those thoughts aside, she owed it to her lady to give her release first. 

One of her hands drifted down The Alluring's toned body until it cupped a hanging breast. She massaged it gently until she felt the erect nipple come into her grasp. Her fingers pinched it lightly and rolled it between them. The Alluring broke away, panting for air as her pleasure was peaking. Her gasps turned sharp, and her body started to lock up and spasm as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her nerves. Riyarra held her tightly as her orgasm ran its course. When The Alluring finally calmed down, she collapsed beside her, panting. Riyarra gentle repositioned them until they were both lying in the bed with The Alluring's head nestled against her bosom. Her dark lover had forgotten her role and he lost her senses to such a powerful climax. She could tell it would be sometime before the afterglow had run its course. She had never known a lover to become so incapacitated after lovemaking; she wondered if it was the same for all Zecarins. Riyarra went unfulfilled, but there was always the morning to look forward to. 

For now, she was content to sleep with her two new sisters cuddled up against her. 

****

The halls were silent. Even the General's anger was quiet now. He and his men still lined the hall waiting for a report from the sentries. The Unkillable had closed his eyes for a bit of respite leaned up against the wall. It had been hours since the alarm had been raised and still no answer from his scouts. His men didn't dare rest though; they stood facing opposite directions down the hall guarding this one door.

When the messenger did arrive, all of the sentries looked to him to hear the news. The Unkillable even stirred and stood with his sword in his hand.

"Lord Master." The man said out of breath. He went to one knee briefly, and then rose to continue his report. "No intruders have been discovered, five guards were killed all of them lizards, their necks were snapped. The last one killed a behemoth before he died." The guards exchanged glances with one another but didn't dare voice their opinions. They were true Zecarins, and they didn't share the general's trust of the lesser creatures. 

"There's more." The messenger looked straight to the general when he spoke this time. "The slavers are on their way here." The General didn't seem to register the news. But his eyes showed he was already formulating a strategy to repel the attack.

"Alright. Stand down the alarm immediately and have all units report to their brigades." The general said and secured his sword to his belt. "This was just a distraction; the slavers are the main threat. For whatever reason, they think this house is sick and ailing. They'll be in for a surprise." He smirked briefly as his men saluted. "Captains to your brigades and get them to their positions." They dispersed to carry out their orders.

The Unkillable stroked his red mustache to think and stared at the round stone door in front of him. Beyond was their personal chapel. His mistress and her servants had sequestered themselves inside the chapel during the lock down. The house would defend itself, but that was only part of the danger. Now he needed answers; he needed to find out who was behind this. If this was a precursor to things to come, he needed to know now.

The stone door rolled aside as he approached. Two acolytes dressed in sheer silk rolled it aside from inside. The Unkillable walked past them without a word, and without instruction they moved the door back into place. The oval chamber was lit by two standing braziers burning fat in the middle of the room. They bathed the chamber in an orange glow and filled it with the musky scent of meat. Purple and red sheer silk curtains hung from the center point of the domed ceiling, draped over to the side walls and then wrapped around the support pillars to pool at the floor. A recessed pool was in the center of the floor between the two braziers and filled with a dark red viscous liquid. His lady stood wading through it up to her hips. Her body was bare and her long black hair glistened with moisture as it fell straight down.

His Lady was chanting. It was the old tongue that only the religious caste bothered to learn. Priestesses worshipped in private and earned prosperity for their houses through offerings. Things of value were given to the pool -- slaves, property, lovers, names -- and taken by the power that lived in the murky depths. The reward would be a prophecy uttered by the priestess that would lead the seeker to the thing they desired.
