 Jake Farspeed tried to remind himself why he had joined the Star Rangers as he made his way through the desolate canyons of the planet Eta Epsilon 5. He held his blaster ready, but so far he had encountered nothing more exciting than menacingly large, but entirely immobile boulders. 

Jake had not joined the elite Ranger Corps to protect the worlds of the Stellar Federation or explore new alien worlds. He had joined because the white Star Ranger uniform with its green and purple piping looked really cool and caught the attention of women throughout galaxy which could open the way for exploration of more interesting and intimate alien vistas and curves.

Passing the exhaustive tests and exams to enter the Star Rangers had been easy for Jake. It had also helped that he was a bit taller than average with a steely jawline that the recruiters so liked to see. 

The Star Ranger Academy had been a little more demanding, but the most difficult part for Jake had been getting used to keeping his dark hair in a short Star Ranger regulation cut. It was even harder than getting used to being required to be constantly clean shaven, not just in regards to his face, but in other areas that were much less obvious to the casual observer.

The physical training and DNA enhancements Jake had undergone at the Academy had toned his body better than any modified-grav health club, plus the enhancements had other, more personal physical benefits which Jake had really been looking forward to trying out with some of the more intriguing female cadets at the Academy. 

Unfortunately, Jake had never had the chance to seek out and make contact with any curvaceous lifeforms of the female persuasion while he was under the watchful instructors at the Academy. Even more annoying, his first assignment straight out of the Academy had sent him to this barren ball of rock in the forsaken, but supposedly strategically important, Epsilon Sector, where there had been numerous, mysterious disappearances of scouts and explorers over the years.

Jake had thought things might be looking up when he met his sexy, provocative mission leader, Commander Bethany Briggs, but the tall, beautiful brunette proved to be as cordial as a fish stored in liquid nitrogen and she was far more concerned with having her first mission as a commander going off precisely by the numbers.

Which meant that Jake was stuck doing a mid-range perimeter search for any lifeforms which had somehow escaped the sensor sweeps.

It could have been worse, Jake mused. At least the planet had a comfortable if somewhat brisk climate and breathable atmosphere. But the only indigenous population appeared to be oversized rocks, and Jake would have given anything for a just a little excitement to break up the monotony.

A piercing and distinctly feminine scream broke through the air as Jake came near the entrance of a cave.

"That'll do nicely," Jake conceded and charged into the dark opening, his blaster before him. 

"GAR! Report to base contact of possible civilian in need of rescue!" Jake exclaimed as he dove dramatically the cave, giving the order to the portable General-Automated-Remote computer system incorporated into his uniform's belt. 

"Unable to establish base contact," responded the GAR's synthesized voice as Jake came up in a kneeling pose, swinging his blaster around as he tried to look everywhere in the cave at once. 

"Why the hell not?" demanded Jake while keeping his gun ready for any potential threats even though he had only seen blank, rocky walls in the cave so far.

"Local ionization of planet's atmosphere interfering with com signals," the GAR informed Jake.

"Eat me!" groused Jake. The phrase was one his favorite curses from his class in early Terran history, although none of his instructors or even the computer databases had been able to tell him exactly what those particular words had meant. 

The curse felt appropriate in his present situation. Commander Briggs would certainly not deviate a millimeter from standard Star Ranger procedures, which meant she would wait the full standard hour after Jake had last checked in before she would send out any search parties. Gritting his teeth, Jake realized he was going to have to handle whatever he found in the cave with little chance of backup or rescue if things went wrong.

The cavern was very large and apparently empty of any hideous space monsters that might deserve blasting. The interior was well lit once Jake's eyes adjusted from the outside, various openings near the ceiling let in light and also provided plenty of fresh air. The grayish stone walls rose up to the high roof of the cave, but Jake could not clearly see the top of the cavern because he suddenly realized there were wispy strands of a vast pale web stretching all across the upper part of the cavern.

"Star Ranger Scouting Rule #34 - 'Giant webs are never a good thing'," Jake muttered, quoting from the Academy's Official Exploration manual. Then he noticed something a little farther back in the cavern, and Jake cautiously move deeper into the cave, acutely aware of the menacing web above.

Near the middle of the web and suspended high above the cavern floor was an unconscious, blue-skinned alien woman with dark crimson hair. She was dressed in a sort of flowing blue robe or gown that was loose in some places while being tight enough in others to outline the alluring, full curves of her body. Jake guessed she was somewhat older than him, perhaps ten years or so in standard human terms, but Jake was only in his twenties and the woman's breathtaking loveliness was the kind that was only enhanced by her maturity.

"Oh ThankyouthankyouthankyouthankyouThankyou," Jake murmured to himself in quiet jubilation. Not only would he get to rescue a fabulous alien babe, but Commander Briggs would certainly give him a commendation for making her first command more than just a simple survey mission.

The blue-skinned woman was stretched out and unmoving in the strands of the web, the eyes in her lovely, peaceful face were closed and her lush red lips slightly parted. Jake could tell by the rise of her ample chest that she was still breathing, and he did not think he should try to calling out to her since that might alert whatever repulsive spider-creature had made the web.

He wondered how the woman had gotten caught so high up in the giant web and then he saw that there was a rock outcropping a little bit above with an obvious path leading up to it.

Carefully, Jake went to the steeply sloping wall and started toward the outcropping, clambering up the sandy stones while his gray eyes searching the cavern for any signs of the sinister web's owner making an unannounced appearance.

Jake could see the woman a little more clearly the higher he hiked up. Even asleep, she was truly stunning with a captivating face and the sort of figure which invited all sorts of imaginations of what it might look like underneath her long, flowing garment. The woman's non-human coloring was nothing unusual to Jake - many humanoid species in the Stellar Federation looked much the same as she did, many races throughout the galaxy often looked almost exactly like humans with countless variations. The woman's bluish skin and hair that was a little too crimson for a human only embellished her exotic allure.

Jake sincerely trusted that appearances were not the only thing the woman might have in common with Terrans like himself, including certain suggestions Jake might bring up for ways of expressing her gratitude for being rescued if she was so inclined. 

The outcropping above the unconscious woman was covered in white sand and slanted downward. Jake decided he would try to make his way out onto it and attach a safety line to lower himself down so he could free the woman from the web with a minimum amount of noise.

The first step Jake placed on the slanted outcropping made the sand start to run under his boot. A sudden cascade started and the next thing Jake knew his feet were slipping underneath him and he was heading straight down the outcropping like a slide.

"Eat me!!" Jake shouted, flailing his arms to keep his balance even as he went over the edge, straight down toward the web. "Jet boots on!!" he ordered the instant before he landed into the strands of the web.

There was a jarring blast from the soles of his boots and a low roar as micro-fusion jets ignited and stopped Jake just inches from the gossamer web. 

"Jet boots activated," the GAR unit informed him pointlessly, but Jake was already scanning the cavern again. The noisy, plasma flame-expelling boosters had ruined his attempt at stealth and Jake prepared himself to meet exactly whatever grotesque space monster had made the web.

Jake heard a rustle behind him and spun around, his blaster leveled. It was the blue-skinned woman, she was awake now, sitting up in the web and staring at Jake with large eyes that were completely purple-colored without any white to them. She was even more stunning now that she was conscious, but she did not have any of the surprise or fear or relief Jake had expected to see in her expression. Instead she was gazing at Jake with a slightly annoyed frown on her lush lips.

"It's all right, ma'am!" Jake informed her in Galacti-Speak, his eyes glancing around for the monster he still expected to show up at any minute. "I'm with the Space Rangers and I'm here to rescue you!"

The woman did not answer. She reached up with a slender hand and pulled at one of the thicker strands of webbing. The whole section of web around and rising above Jake and woman was suddenly pulled loose and Jake had only a second to look up and see an inescapable wall of gauzy webbing falling down toward him.

"What the-!!" Jake cried out, trying to take a few potshots at the webbing as it enveloped him, but the strands pulled him down and unbalanced his jet boots so he ended up spinning and becoming completely entangled in the web. 

"Jet boots off!!" cursed Jake but it was too late. Just as he had feared, his mid-air acrobatics had entangled him completely. The webbing was incredibly sticky and amazingly strong for being so filmy. It held him firmly in place leaning his body back at a slight angle. The muzzle of his blaster had gotten caught at an angle that wouldn't help him shoot himself free. Quickly, Jake looked around for the woman, afraid she might have fallen when the web collapsed.

She was still in the web not far from where Jake hung entangled. It took Jake a moment to realize a peculiar thing about her. She was -not- entangled in the gossamer webbing, her robe, her hair and her skin had not gotten stuck on any of the strands. In fact she was clinging to it while she gazed somberly at Jake.

"Uh oh," Jake said in a sudden, anxious realization as the woman started to crawl across the web toward him on her bare hands and feet, moving easily over the sticky web.

She glided up to Jake, slowly sliding herself up along the entire length of his body, the soft curves underneath her flowing robe pressing against him. She pulled herself up until she was alongside Jake and wrapped her arms and legs around him. Jake's worst fears were confirmed when he realized her embrace was made up of far too many limbs.

"Oh crap," Jake groaned even as the woman crushed her soft, full breasts and firm thighs tightly against him with a sigh. He strained to bring his blaster around, but the strands held his wrist in place. 

The woman's red lips parted moistly and Jake caught a glimpse of sharp, white fangs as she lowered herself down to Jake's neck. She bit him, her teeth sinking into him like needles and Jake bit back a cry of pain even as he felt the woman's burning saliva seeping into his blood like alien venom. 

A feverish heat flowed down from his neck through his entire body, and Jake's skin started to break out into a sweat.

"GAR! Quick, initiate a bio-scan and make an appropriate anti-venom!" Jake stammered, fighting against the dizziness that swooned over him. He could feel a warm almost soothing paralysis flowing over him and Jake suspected in a few moments he wouldn't be able to move or even talk. "And send out an emergency SOS!" 

"Bio-scan initiated," came the GAR's response. The med-unit inside Jake's belt buckle could fabricate any drug or chemical compound from the basic molecules. Jake felt the tiny drug patches inside his uniform buzz to life, distributing anti-venom into his bloodstream and the paralysis faded, though his body was still flushed and feverish. 

"SOS activated," the GAR continued as it hummed to itself. "Ionization still preventing signal from reaching base."

"Eat me," groaned Jake as the woman pulled her mouth away from his searing neck and disentangled herself from her intimate hug. Jake could clearly see she had at least four arms and what appeared to be an extra pair of legs hidden under her robe as well. 

"Boost power to the signal GAR!" Jake ordered, desperate to escape at this point.

The woman moved back onto the web until she was standing before Jake. Her beautiful face was frowning slightly, clearly confused that her victim was still able to move and speak, but she seemed unconcerned. Jake supposed her lack of worry was because he was still helplessly trapped inside her gauzy webbing, unable to get free or defend himself from whatever plans she had for him next. Jake did not have to wait long to learn exactly what those plans were. 

The woman reached up with two of her arms to pull her robe down her shoulders. With a shrug, she undid the front of the robe and let it slide from her body, revealing that she wore absolutely nothing underneath.

"Um-Cancel that signal boost to the SOS signal, GAR," Jake ordered, suddenly not nearly so desperate to leave.

The alien woman had an incredible body, her smooth skin was a light aquamarine in hue and her breasts were full with darker indigo nipples that jutted up toward Jake. Her hips curved generously out below her slim waist and her legs were very long and quite lovely, all four of them. 

Jake could see that the woman did not have another pair of hip or shoulder joints to accommodate her extra limbs, rather her arms and legs appeared to phase together right at her joints. Phasing through solid matter was not that uncommon in certain races of the galaxy, but Jake had never seen a species which seemed to phase only certain sections of their bodies. The woman's slim arms and perfect legs appeared to be solid everywhere else besides where they came together. 

The beautiful alien woman ran two of her four hands through her thick, luxurious hair, obviously enjoying the freedom from her clothes while her other two hands ran sensually down her sides, making her squirm her hips. She used all four of her feet to cling to the webs around her, her position leaving her thighs quite open. Her silky pubis was an even deeper crimson that her hair and the tight slit of her vagina was extremely inviting.

Jake groaned as the nude, alluring woman caused a very intense stirring in his groin. There was still a feverish heat in his body from the remnant of woman's bite which had not been countered by the first injection of anti-venom and all of that heat seemed to flow toward his crotch. Jake felt his penis start to swell and throb inside his pants.

"Listen, whoever you are, I'm going to hate myself for saying this, but I'm ordering you to let me go," Jake forced himself to say even as part of him was wondering why he was opening his mouth. "Do you understand me?"

If the woman did comprehend him, her answer was very clear as she moved back up against Jake and started to undo his belt buckle. With four hands, she managed to pull open Jake's uniform and pull down his pants with amazing speed, and the next thing Jake knew there were slender hands gliding over the shaved skin of his chest. 

"Alert. Dermal sensors disengaged. Analysis for final dosage of anti-venom compromised," the GAR unit informed him.

Biofeedback sensors in Star Ranger uniforms and in the more heavily armored battlesuits had to have direct contact on the skin, and that meant everywhere. It was why Jake and all other Star Rangers were required to shave their whole bodies except for their heads. Sonic razors were painless but they always left Jake feeling itchy. Now the feel of woman's velvety touch over his bare, shaved skin was intoxicating. 

The alien woman slid one of her hands steadily lower, her fingers gliding down to Jake's hairless crotch just as his cock swelled up into a hard, nearly painful erection. The DNA enhancements Jake had received at the Academy had resulting in excessively enlarging his erections whenever he became aroused and right now with the nude alien woman stimulating him, Jake's cock inflated up into a huge shaft, bigger and throbbing harder than any erection Jake had ever had.

Jake groaned as the woman's long fingers enveloped his stiff, rigid organ, pulling it and guiding it toward her as she moved herself a little higher up his body. Her four legs spread wide to either side of him as she rose up and quickly lowered herself down, pressing her crimson-haired, glistening vagina onto the bulging end of his shaft.

"Ahhhhh," the woman moaned as Jake's cock was pushed into her and she let her body weight guide his penis into her willing twat. That delighted moan was the first real noise she had made and her sultry voice thrilled Jake's nerves. Her blue-skinned form was warm and violently trembling as she slowly forced herself down onto Jake's manhood, letting the engorged shaft go up into her until she had completely taken his entire length completely into her cunt.

"Oh man," Jake gasped, trying not to let the wash of incredible pleasure make him forget this was an unknown and possibly hostile alien that had trapped him here against his will. 

Or at least almost against his will, Jake admitted. He was unable to stop himself from lifting his hips up and pressing himself against the nude woman's pussy and soft, inner thighs which she was pressing hard against him. The woman gasped in response to Jake's movement and gave an ecstatic grinding to her pelvis that squirmed Jake's cock even deeper into her crimson haired cunt.

All eight of the woman's limbs were wrapped tightly around Jake's body, hugging him very close with obvious pleasure as the hot, excited fluids from her vagina began to run out over his groin and thighs. Judging by her excessive wetness, she was obviously more than a little bit eager and impatient to have Jake's manhood within her. 

Not wanting to disappoint her, Jake began moving his hips, deliberately starting slow as he started to pump his cock the alien woman. She let out a surprised groan at the sensation, and Jake began to suspect that she was not used to having her partners able to move with her during sex. 

When he shifted his hips to rub the base of his cock up against her clitoris, her startled, astonished cry confirmed Jake's suspicions that her victims were paralyzed when she mated with them, so she was clearly not used to having them react to her. He continued to move his body against her, deeply enjoying the bewildered expression on her lovely face. She arched her spine back, her full lips parted as she gasped for air. 

With two of her arms against his chest, she stared down at Jake, her stunning purple eyes full of surprise, she was unquestionably amazed and flustered at the unfamiliar sensations Jake was stirring within her excited cunt.

"AH!AAAAAAAA!!!" the woman cried out suddenly as Jake began rocking her with his hips. She flung her head back, her crimson hair whipping in the air and her heaving breasts lifting up to the ceiling as Jake bucked steadily harder at her, voluntarily doing all the work while he watched her and carefully gauged his motions for her benefit.
