 She couldn't believe her luck as she knelt in front of the massive Orc. She didn't know how they had caught her, but she knew this was her only chance at escaping this camp alive. The red Durotar sand shifted under her knees as he stepped toward her, leg muscles rippling in the moonlight. She heard the cry of a Bloodtalon Scythemaw in the distance, and its voice sounded like mocking laughter as she took his stiffening member into her mouth.

.....

Siss'Rin was a good rogue, if a little too eager at times. Her enjoyment and skill at pickpocketing got her into trouble sometimes, but nothing like this. It had been dark, and the two Orcs were snoring soundly has she crept into their camp. She had marked them earlier in Orgrimmar, drinking at the Inn and making bawdy jokes. She had even caught their names - Ormak Grimshot, the dark-haired one and Brakgul Deathbringer, the bald one. She had also noticed their heavy purses, and had followed them out into the harsh wasteland of Durotar, and waited until they had made camp near the Southfury River.

She crept into their midst and looked around for valuables that were portable. There was a huge, gleaming axe leaning against a rock nearby, but she doubted she could even lift it. The Orcs had thrown their belongings seemingly carelessly, bags and clothing and armor scattered everywhere, while they lay on opposite sides of the fire stripped to their loincloths, and snoring loudly. She shivered in the warm, dry night air as she looked at their huge frames and slumbering muscular limbs.

She only turned her back on them for a moment to search through one of the piles of clothes, and they were on her. Powerful arms wrapped around her from behind, and she was squeezed in a tight hug. She didn't dare scream. No one was around to help her, and she knew that there were more Orcs just across the river at Far Watch Post. She struggled for only a moment, and then went limp.

"Ho what have we here?" said Brakgul. "Seems one of our 'allies' was trying to get a little too friendly with our belongings."

"These damn Rogues!" Ormak swore, "I told you that she was looking at us funny back in the city." His grip on her tightened as he cursed.

Siss'Rin swore under her breath. Her nostrils were filled with the smell of sweaty Orc, and she knew that she was in deep trouble. At best, they would turn her into the City guards or the watchpost sentries. At worst? She couldn't imagine...

"What should we do with her, Dj? We can't have her following us around sticking those daggers in our kidneys at her first chance."

"You could just let me go!" She said defiantly. She knew that wasn't going to happen. Orcs were known to be as ruthless in their justice as they were bloodthirsty in battle. They just laughed at her.

"We can't kill her, Thrall would have our heads on a pike for killing an ally," said Brakgul.

Ormak grinned evilly, "We could carve her into pieces and feed her to the river crocs. No one would have to know." They both laughed. Siss'Rin didn't think that was very funny at all.

The one called Ormak dumped her on the ground in a heap. Brakgul was standing over her with that huge axe. Her eyes darted around, looking for an escape, but she knew it was hopeless.

They came up with several more creative and graphic ways to kill her and to dispose of her body, including burying her in the sand up to her neck and letting the Scorpids slowly eat her. None of them sounded very good to her, but the Orcs seemed very pleased with her discomfort.

Finally, she could stand no more. "Enough!" she cried. "Maybe we can work a deal?"

They laughed at her. "We may be Orcs, but we're not stupid. We're supposed to trust a Rogue like you?" said Ormak.

She felt like crying. "What do you want from me?"

"Well, little thief, first we are going to rob you, just like you were trying to do to us. Why don't you take off all that gear and make a pile. We will dice for it later." 

Slowly, she got to her feet and began undressing, until at last she was covered only by a loincloth and a leather halter. Her large breasts heaving as she tried to keep her fear in check. The Orcs eyed her carefully to make sure she didn't have any hidden weapons - yeah, where would she hide them?

"You know, Ormak, she does have certain...assets...that might be of use," said Brakgul, eyeing her breasts. "Perhaps we could be convinced not to kill her."

....

They had cut off her remaining clothes with her own dagger. So now she knelt in front of Ormak, completely naked and exposed. They had warned her that if she did as they wished they would let her go. If she did not please them, they would march her naked to the city guard at first light.

So she sucked Ormak's large cock with enthusiasm. Maybe if she were able to please them both, she would live through this. His cock was larger than any Troll's she had ever seen, and tasted strangely good to her. She felt warmth begin to spread between her legs.

When Ormak's cock was standing straight up, she turned to Brakgul and began sucking his member to hardness as she continued to stroke the other Orc. The two were so similar, they could have been brothers. Initially, the smell or the Orcs was repugnant to her, but now it seemed to be turning her on.

She certainly enjoyed her sex life, and with her figure, she had no problem finding willing partners. However strong the alliance between the Trolls and Orcs was, both sides frowned on fraternization between the races, but it was known to happen. There was even rumored to be a brothel down in Tanaris, run by the Goblins, that specialized in providing ladies of both races to anyone with the coin.

She found herself wondering what it would feel like to one of these big Orc cocks inside her, and the thought made her even wetter as she alternated sucking the two hard cocks. Trolls were typically smaller and slimmer than these brutish, green-skinned monsters, but her pussy was now throbbing in anticipation. Her fears were slowly being replaced by curiosity and the heat from between her legs was spreading quickly to the rest of her body.

Ormak moved behind her as she sucked on Brakgul's cock and lifted her from her kneeling position so that she was standing on her feet, bent at the waist. She felt the smooth head of his member nuzzle between her now-wet cunt lips, and the size of it shocked her. She had just a moment to wonder if it would hurt, then he thrust the first few inches inside of her with a grunt.

She had never felt anything like it. At once there was pain, her pussy was stretched by the girth of his prick, and at the same time, she felt immense pleasure, as the same stretching also stimulated areas that had never been explored before. She moaned around the cock in her mouth and closed her eyes.

Ormak thrust a second time, shoving more of himself into her, and forcing her mouth even farther down Brakgul's shaft. The stretching sensation reached to her clit, and her knees weakened. Her eyes watered as the brutes continued to shove their cocks into her from both ends. As Ormak forced the rest of himself into her, she gagged on Brakgul's member as it slid into her throat.

Brakgul laughed at her discomfort. "Too much cock for you? Too fucking bad, you little thief!" and he held her head, forcing his entire prick down her throat. She managed not to gag this time. Just for a moment, she had both of their throbbing dicks completely inside of her, and she could not move or breathe.

Then the monster behind her began pumping his massive cock in and out of her cunt, which allowed her to catch her breath around the cock in her mouth. Then without warning, a wave of pleasure washed over her, causing her to cry out and fall to her knees. 

Brakgul picked her shaking body up from the arid ground, and carried her to a flat rock nearby. He roughly laid her on the rock on her back, and stood over her. Ormak knelt between her legs and rubbed her swollen clit. She felt something cool against her pussy lips, and glanced down to see that Ormak was rubbing the metal hilt of her sheathed dagger against her clit. She shuddered as he slid the cool steel handle inside of her pussy. She gasped as he pressed the tapered hilt of her second dagger against her ass and forced it inside her as well. Ormak began working both of her holes with her dagger-dildos, and the sensations burned into her brain.

Ormak removed the daggers, took up position between her legs and thrust himself inside her again. As he began pounding her from this angle, Brakgul lowered himself toward her mouth and said, "Suck my balls, you slutty little Troll." She began lapping greedily at his balls.

She abandoned all pretense of being afraid of these two. Whatever happened afterward, all she wanted right now was more and more of those two huge cocks in her. She moaned and gasped as Ormak fucked her pussy. Brakgul began roughly pinching and kneading her large breasts, sending chills down her spine as she licked his balls.

She lost count of how many times she came. At some point, Brakgul shifted positions so she could once again take his shaft in her mouth. Finally, Ormak let out a loud groan, and she felt him spasm inside of her. His hot cum filled her small pussy and leaked out around his cock as he shook with orgasm. She moaned with pleasure at the sensation and sucked greedily on Brakgul's stiffness.

Now it was Brakgul's turn between her legs. He turned her over so that her ass was sticking up in the air and Ormak's sticky cum was dripping down the inside of her thigh. She tried to rest her head on the cool of the stone, but Ormak lifted her chin and rubbed his softening prick on her lips. She opened her mouth and licked and sucked their combined juices from his cock as Brakgul prepared to enter her from behind.

Apparently, Brakgul's cock was just a little thicker than Ormak, because once again, she felt her cunt stretch as he slid inside her sore and soaking lips. There was a wet squishing sound as he pushed all the way in, and she groaned again. He began slowly working in and out of her, using long, full strokes.

After a few moments, he withdrew from her completely and she felt empty for a moment, before she realized that he was rubbing the wet tip of his prick on the entrance to her ass. She started to protest, but Ormak laughed and held her head down on his cock, and Brakgul's massive arms held her hips in an unbreakable grip.

There was nothing she could do except close her eyes and try to relax as Brakgul forced his slippery cock into her tight ass. She whimpered and moaned, but Ormak would not release his grip. When Brakgul was about half way inside her asshole, her body betrayed her. Without warning, another wave of ecstasy came over her, and her frame shook with the force of it.

Brakgul slid the rest of the way into her ass, and she again lost track of the time. She heard herself moaning, and begging and grunting like an animal, but she felt so good that she didn't even realize where the sounds we coming from.

Finally, Brakgul pulled his massive cock from her ass, and they forced her to kneel again as she had in the beginning. Brakgul stood in front of her, and, holding her hair, once again slipped his cock into her hungry, tired mouth. 

He used her mouth and throat roughly until she felt his body stiffen and his balls contract. Jet after jet of salty cum sprayed into her mouth, over her tongue and down her throat. She sucked every last drop from him, and was somehow disappointed when he finally released her from his iron grip.

The two Orcs sat down on nearby rocks as she gathered her wits about her. Her body was sore, but her nerves were still singing with the stimulation she had received. She eventually crawled over to her clothes and began searching for her halter and loincloth.

She heard Ormak's gravelly voice behind her. "Where do you think you are going, little thief?" he said.

She panted, "I gave you what you wanted, now you have to let me go. On the honor of the Horde."

Brakgul laughed, "Oh we'll let you go, alright, but who said we were finished with you?" She turned to look and both of the monsters had returned to full erections. 

A few moments later, she was straddling Ormak's restored member, riding him like an Emerald Raptor. Brakgul stood before her, and she again sucked hungrily at his fleshy member. Ormak's calloused hands roughly pinched and squeezed her sore breasts, and her body was wracked by wave after wave of pleasure from the huge cock in her cunt and from its twin in her throat.

She could feel Ormak getting close to cumming in her again, but Brakgul interrupted by saying it was 'his turn.' She rolled onto her back again, with her head and legs hanging off the low rock. With her head back, she took Ormak in her mouth again. Brakgul grabbed her ankles and lifted her legs in the air as he slid his hard meat into her swollen pussy.

Brakgul fucked her tired pussy with abandon, and in this position he was able to penetrate her deeper and touch her inner most nerves. Her body shook uncontrollably now, as she struggled to suck on Ormak's warm, stiff cock at the same time.

They were in a rhythm now, each thrust from Brakgul forced Ormak's cock into her throat, and she gasped for breath when they withdrew. Ormak groaned and she felt his balls contract and his hot cum spilled into her mouth. The taste and sensation pushed her own climax over the edge. She felt Brakgul thrust into her and explode, his hot cum filling her cunt and spilling out onto the rock below her.

She was panting heavily as she suck the last of Ormak's cum from his cock. Before she could catch her breath, she found herself sucking the sticky mixture of her own pussy and their cum from Brakgul's cock as well. Finally, the Orcs seemed satisfied.

They allowed her to dress in her loincloth and halter, and they gave her back her leggings, her boots, and her small purse of coins. They each took one of her daggers to keep as souvenirs. As the hot sun rose over distant Skull Rock, the two huge, green-skinned Orcs sat on the rocks with their massive axes and watched her stumble off toward the bridge and the Barrens beyond.

Her pussy ached, her legs were stiff and sore, and her throat was raw, but she could still taste their salty cum on her lips and tongue, and she smiled as she thought to herself that she had gotten the best of them, even though she didn't escape with their gold.