 We are walking in the forest together, hand in hand, when the path gets too narrow to walk side by side any longer. I slow down to allow you to take the lead, primarily so that I can keep my eyes on you as we walk. 

Our discussion turns to sex and erogenous zones when finally I can take no more. I reach forward and pull you back to me, my arms wrap around you and my lips press against your neck with my tongue flicking at the junction between head and neck. My teeth gently nibble at just that spot before my tongue travels up the side of your neck to your ear. My tongue flicks in to lick and toy with your ears before reaching back to suck at nibble your ear lobe. 

“Gods but I want you m’dear,” I whisper into your ear. 

My hands roam across your stomach still covered by your shirt. A single drop of rain spatters against your nose, followed by another and another. Suddenly lightning flashes and thunder crashes. The rain pours down in buckets. 

“We have to get out of this storm. I think I saw a cave a little way back.” We race back in the rain to the cave where we see an odd light shining in the back. 

“Hello??? Is anyone there???” 

There is no response but the echo of our voices, so we travel deeper to where the light is shining. We find an odd shaped hollow in the back of the cave with a strange torch shining on the wall. 

“That’s odd…”

“Very…”

At the sound of our voices the cave walls close behind us and we are trapped in a circular chamber. The torch flares brightly and an odd voice comes from the walls. 

“You who have entered this cave, you must now live out a sexual fantasy. Once you have done so we will release you.”

The voice dissipates but the vibrations of the voice linger.

We are no longer in the cave. We are sitting in a car on a bluff overlooking the city. You are dressed in a very nice skirt and blouse combination, and I am wearing jeans and a black T-Shirt. We have just come from the movies and are finally alone.

“You are so beautiful,” I murmur into your ear while leaning over to kiss you. We kiss gently with increasing passion. It is our first time together and I know that more than anything else I want to make love to you this night. My arms wrap around you and my kisses become more insistent, my tongue flicks out to lick at your lips and you instinctively open your mouth to receive me. 

My tongue probes gently into your mouth licking and sucking at your tongue. As I pull away I grasp your lower lip in my teeth and suck it gently. 

“MMMMMM” You moan into my mouth.

“Yes, indeed my Love, You taste delicious. I wonder if the rest of your skin tastes as good as your mouth?” I murmur into your ear as I lick and nibble at you ear lobe. “It certainly seems to be as delicious,” I trail my mouth down to your neck. 

My tongue leaves a trail of moisture down your neck. I nibble at the hollow of your neck. My tongue trails its way around the base of your neck to again nip at your throat. 

My hands press against your body still over your clothes to caress every inch of your luscious shape. My hands caress your sides up to your breasts, gently rubbing the bottoms and sides, avoiding your nipples, which are hardening under the fabric of your blouse. 

“MMMMMMM you feel so gooooooood,” you moan into my ear. Your hands and fingers have not been idle this whole time gently caressing my sides and chest as I have done for you. My hands roam farther south to caress your legs and thighs. 

Up until now the only thing you have done is masturbate so the feeling of someone else touching you is exciting beyond belief. My fingertips run gently across your legs and thighs leaving just a flickering ticklish feeling to let you know that they have indeed passed over your skin. 

Your body is writhing and your hands brush against my hardness tightly confined in my jeans and you gasp at the feeling. I inhale sharply at the feeling of your hands against my cock. And you lean down to stroke it more firmly. 

“Gods that feels good” I moan at you as my hands increase the pressure on your thighs. 

Your legs instinctively separate and I push up your skirt to see you pristine white panties and the treasure they hide. My fingers caress the center of your pussy gently feeling the wetness that has been absorbed into the fabric. 

You begin to breath deeper and quickly at my touch. Your hips writhe in an effort to get me to apply more pressure but instead I withdraw my hand and put it on top of yours on my lap. 

“Here let me make that easier for you.” I say as I reach down to unbutton and unzip my jeans, revealing my black silk boxers. My cock is trying desperately to escape the confines and manages to sneak out the fly of my boxers. For the first time you feel the warmth and hardness of a man’s cock in your hand and smile at the hardness. 

You bend at the waist to get a closer look at the throbbing organ in your hand and are surprised as it flexes and the head caresses your lips. A spot of my pre cum smears on your lips and you reach out with your tongue to taste the flavor. 

“Salty,” you mutter before reaching down further still to take me into your mouth. 

Your lips draw me in deeper and your tongue swirls around the head of my cock trying to get more of the liquid that you enjoyed earlier. You apply a gentle sucking as you bob your head up down on my lap. My hands reach down to caress your head and run my fingers through your hair, while yours reach into my pants to run your fingernails along my balls.

My breathing quickens after only a few minutes of this. “You had better pull off, I’m going to cum…” I tell you earnestly. 

You look up at me, your wise and beautiful eyes telling me gently that you don’t mind. Your hand pumps at the length of my cock that isn’t buried in your mouth. 

“Oh my Gods!!!!” I call out as I pump cum into your mouth. My cock twitches again and again as your mouth fills with my juices. You swallow steadily keeping the head of my cock tightly in your mouth, until you are certain that not a drop escaped your attention. 

“Just was wondering how it would feel to swallow.” You tell me as I come down from the euphoric high you have left me at. I can’t believe it as I see you lick your lips. No girl had ever swallowed before!

“Gods that felt good. It is my turn to repay the favor m’dear.” I say as I pull you up to my lips and kiss you passionately, my tongue probing your mouth once again. My hands meander back down to your soaking crotch. My nose and face nuzzle at your chest pressing against your firm breasts. 

Longing to feel my hot mouth on your aching nipples you reach down and unbutton your blouse. Your breasts are now encased only in a simple white bra. My hands stop exploring your crotch and reach around your back to unhook it.

The fabric slips from your tits and I caress them with both hands before reaching up with my tongue to lick at first one then the other, sucking as much of your flesh into my mouth as possible before swapping to the other. 

I continue with the breast play for several minutes, until you are writhing and desperate for me to go back to where I started. 

“Please… Please… I can’t take any more… Touch my pussy. Lick my cunt!!!”

I once again reach for your crotch my fingers slipping under the band of your now sopping panties, to stroke your pussy lips. Then my fingers find the hard nub at the top and caress it gently. 

“Oh, oh, ohhhhhh…. Good Goddess that feels nice!”

“Oh that was just the start… There is soo much more left…” I reply. 

“Climb into the backseat, and I will… demonstrate.” 

You cannot imagine what could feel better than that but climb into the backseat anyway. I exit the car and circle around to the back as well. 

“These aren’t needed any more…” I say as I deftly remove your panties, exposing your virgin pussy to the night air. 

“I want you inside of me! Please?” You beg me, eyes wide with anticipation.

“Oh no, not yet… First there is something else I need to do…” So saying I bend down and inhale deeply of the scent of your pussy. 

“MMMmmmm smells delicious, wonder how it tastes… Only one way to find out…” I reach my tongue out and take a long slow lick lapping up any stray juice from your earlier climax. 

“MMmmmmm tastes even better then I imagined.” I lap rapidly from bottom of your cunt to the top, my tongue curls and I use it as a little cock, thrusting into and out of you, all the while sucking at your lips. My tongue roams up to your hard clit. My tongue curls around it and I suck and nip gently at it. My fingers roam up into your pussy far in to rub sensuously against the inner walls. 

I can feel your pussy tightening around my fingers and know that you are on the brink of another climax so I pull my fingers out of you and lower my mouth to suck all the juices I can get at from you.

“MMMMMmmmm Gods but you taste so good m’dear.” I suck at my fingers making sure to clean them of all the juice from your beautiful soft pussy.

“ I have never felt anything like that before…. I don’t think I can handle another…Please, I need to feel you inside me. Please…”

“As you wish m’dear” My cock has hardened again while I was sucking at your cunt. So it takes me almost no effort at all to climb on top of you plunge myself in a single stroke deep into you. 

You are tight but very wet and slippery from the previous to orgasms and the tongue lashing you received so it was an easy ordeal to thrust into you.

I start off with slow languid strokes, but soon your legs are wrapped around me urging me on to greater depths and speeds. Your hips writhe in response trying desperately to get me deeper and to feel the friction greater. I lean down to suck on your breasts and tits as you reach down and pump your clit.

Suddenly, as my balls slap against your ass, I feel your pussy contracting and you scream in orgasm. The feeling of you cumming sets of my own orgasm and together we explode, and I collapse on top of you in the car.

We awaken back in the cave, once again fully dressed and remembering every detail of the fantasy we have just lived out. I pull you tight to me and hold you in my arms as we watch the rain, my chin resting on your shoulder. 

“So shall we go and make that fantasy a reality in this world too?” I whisper into your ear as we sit watching the storm together.