 Clever little cunt that you are, you found that cave again in an hour, after I tried searching for it for days! 

We enter the cave and wait for the voice. Nothing happens. You shrug your shoulders and turn to me with that funny little smile you get when you want me. 

"Might as well make the best of it!" You smile and pull me close. 

I come up behind you and wrap my arms around you.

"Gods but it has been too long my Love." I whisper to you as I pull you tight to me. My arms wrap around you from behind and my mouth meets your ear. My tongue flicks lightly at your ear lobe and you gasp at the sudden sensation. My fingertips trail up your arms to your shoulders and again I spin you to face me. 

We open our eyes and we are in a hotel room! The cave knew us and was letting us play!

The backs of my fingers stroke across your cheek and my lips plant gentle kisses along your forehead and cheeks. I tilt your face to mine and kiss your lips gently we share breath for several minutes, before my tongue strokes your lips. 

Your mouth opens to welcome me and our tongues duel together until both of us have to stop to catch our breaths. My tongue lingers on your neck and swirls down your throat.

I nibble at your throat and lick teasingly, continuing on up the side of your neck to where the neck and shoulder meets. I pause to suck and nip at your shoulder, not quite firmly enough to leave a mark, but enough to make you moan.

My tongue trails up further to your ear lobe, I nip and suck at that gently for a few minutes, before trailing back down to your throat and working my way up the other side. 

I tease your neck for several minutes before again claiming your mouth and kissing you deeply. I take your lower lip between my teeth and suck it into my mouth while running my tongue across the inside. 

"You taste delicious m'dear," I whisper to you. "Soon I will taste the rest of you, and I hunger for that moment." 

You moan in response and kiss me fiercely displaying your passion without words in a way that leaves no doubt in my mind that you want me as much as I do you.

My hands run teasingly across every inch of your body, still clad in all of your clothing. Just light caresses and yet it seems enough to arouse you even more, heightening the anticipation of the moment. My palms and fingertips skip across your shirt just barely touching your contained breasts before moving on. I stroke down across your stomach and passing between your thighs to caress your legs.

It isn't enough for you and are already writhing and attempting to pull off your shirt. I prevent you by taking your wrists in my hands and pulling them to my lips. 

"Ah ah ah… None of that m'dear. We don't need to rush this… Enjoy every moment." 

"Mmmmmm"

"Good girl," I say, reaching up and pull your shirt up just a few inches to expose your navel. 

I trail my tongue across your stomach, and dip it into your bellybutton, to lick and suck at the tiny divot. A few more inches, and more still of your skin is exposed and licked. I trail my tongue all the way up to the undersides of your breasts before finally relenting and taking your shirt from you. 

You stand before me clad in only a black silk bra, and again I take my time to lick, suck and caress at the exposed flesh of your cleavage. My palms stroke gently across the fabric of your bra. Your nipples harden to diamond points under these caresses, and my mouth longs to capture them and taste every micrometer. 

I can't wait any longer, and my mouth fastens on your nipple through the fabric, just lightly sucking and licking, before swapping sides and switching to the other. My tongue wanders back to nip at your throat and then kiss you deeply again. 

Your kiss is hungry, yet mine is even more so. We display our passion for each other in that kiss and our arms wrap around each other once again holding the other tightly as if we are trying to absorb each other physically. We suddenly see our clothing as obstructions and strip the rest off without pause. 

I can wait no longer and I push you onto the bed that is draped in satin sheets.Isit you down at the edge, your feet on the floor and your legs spread. I get down on my knees between your legs and start caressing and licking your inner thighs. 

Your legs widen instinctively and I can smell the incredible scent of your arousal in the air. Slowly,I trail a hand up to your pussy. It is dripping wet and I slip a finger inside you to feel the heat and dampness lurking there. I put my finger in my mouth and suck your juices into my mouth to roll them across my tongue, savoring the flavor. 

"You are as delicious as I thought you would be Dear One."

No longer able to accept mere second hand tasting my tongue dips into you and licks your entire cunt from bottom to your clit. Before swabbing back down to the base again my tongue flicks at your now erect and hard clit several times, even wrapping around it to suck at it. 

This pattern repeats for several minutes, and just when you start to tense up to your first orgasm of the evening, I slide a finger deep into you and suck at your clit. My fingers stroke the ridge just inside and opposite your clit, and the dual pressure sends you makes your pussy clench onto my fingers. You throw your head back and emit a low pitched moan that makes me shiver.

still in the afterglow, yu realize that I am still licking and sucking at your labia. I have pulled your nether lips into my mouth and am sucking and nibbling on them to clean them of any and all juices, yet for some reason they keep pouring from you. I stay there licking and sucking for what feels like an eternity of sheer pleasure to you but is really no more than an hour.

Finally you can take no more of this extreme pleasure. "Dear Gods please… Please… I need to feel you in me…"

"As you wish"

I climb on top of you and slide my now rock solid cock deep into you. The velvety walls of your pussy caressing and feel wondrous around my cock. I start off with long slow strokes, designed to keep you cumming longer and harder than you have ever imagined. 

But soon I know that the oral work out I gave you earlier has taken its toll on me as well. I pump harder and faster until only a few minutes has passed and I am cumming deep inside of you. "Oh Gods… I can't hold it any longer… I'm Cumming!!!" I yell out to you.

That was our first time together that evening but certainly not the least. It is time to try out some of the things I brought with me. I pull out a blindfold and put it on you. 

"I know that it will be a short time before I am ready to make love to you again so I made sure to be prepared to entertain you." I say as I slide the blindfold over your eyes.

My fingertips trail across your sweat soaked skin. Then suddenly you feel my lips and tongue sucking and licking at your left breast and tit. I pull my mouth away and blow cool air gently across the now wet skin, your nipple gets even harder at this sensation, and I immediately take it back into my hot mouth. The contrasting temperatures are working their magic on you and you are once again wet and willing. 

The cool metal from my dagger pendant rollsacross your stomach and up to your breasts to stroke between them then circle each aureole tenses.you up in anticaption before you again feel my tongue and mouth cover your luscious breasts.

The blindfold enhancing your sensations of touch, and the never knowing where or with what I would strike next, your entire body quivers with repressed lust. You can take no more and you peel the blindfold off to see me lying next to you waiting so as to heighten the anticipation again. 

"My turn." You say to me and reach down to grasp my soft cock in your gentle hands. 

You kiss your way down my body and take the head of my cock in your mouth gently sucking and licking at the head, until it starts firming again. Onehand stroking me harder as your other hand toys with my balls.

You continue stroking and sucking me for what seems an eternity to me but is probably no more than 10 minutes, before I am hard enough for your purposes. You climb on top of me and sheathe me inside you. I groan out loud in the pleasure I feel, and my hands stroke up your body to play with your breasts and tease you some more. 

I can feel your tightness squeezing my cock, and I know that you are about to climax again. I reach to your nipples, one with each hand and pinch them firmly. You gasp at the sensation and explode in orgasm on top of me. You collapse nearly unconscious. I kiss you until you are once again full awake.

"No sleeping until the night is over m'dear. This is no fun if you sleep through it…" I whisper and wink at you. 

I pull you up to your hands and knees and climb behind you on the bed. In one quick stroke I slam into you. You gasp at the sudden pleasure and I begin ramming into you hard and fast, my balls slapping against your soaking pussy. My hands pull on your hips to enhance the speed and force. You feel completely satiated as we orgasm together and land softly on the bed, holding each other close, so we remain one.

We wake up shortly after that wrapped in each other, our legs entwined, and me still trapped within you though now soft. The room positively reeks of sex and yet we both inhale deeply and smile. One of the best evening and sexual experiences of our lives has passed and we both know it.

"Shall we go take a shower Dear One? Clean each other up?" I ask with a wicked leer in my eyes as I look you up and down.

"Definitely. Though I don't see how I could be any wetter." You reply with a leer of your own as you reach down to touch your sodden crotch.

We both arise from the bed. You are on the side closer to the bathroom, so you take the lead in. I am right behind you and before you can so much as make it to the door, I reach around your waist and pull you to me, my soft cock nestling between your ass cheeks. My hands roam again across your sweat slick body, teasing you with just the lightest of feather touches, then roaming higher to your breasts and pinching your nipples, before rolling them between my index finger and thumb. 

My hands widen and caress the entirety of your breast, before spinning you around to kiss you again. My mouth is not so much kissing you as it is devouring your lips. Our breath is again one, as we stand locked together in an embrace just standing outside the bathroom. You can feel me hardening against you as we kiss. 

"Three times in a night? I am shocked…"

"What can I say m'dear, you bring out the best in me…"

We walk into the bathroom hand in hand and start up the shower to get it going nice and hot before we climb in. As we wait I drift slowly down your body, my tongue and fingers leading the way. Before you can think of anything, my mouth and tongue are once again parting your nether lips and drinking in the scent and taste of your juices. 

"Oh Gods…" You moan at the sensation and find yourself again on the brink of climax. Just as your moans get louder and you are about to cum again, for what feels like the hundredth time that night my tongue wanders off.

I point at the steam arising out of the shower. "Looks like its just about ready for us dearest." 

I climb under the spray and offer you my hand to pull you in to me. You stand there breathing hard about to reach down to caress your rock hard clit and allow yourself the release that you now need desperately, but I grab your hands and take you into the shower. 

Now dripping from the shower my arms again wrap around you and my mouth fastens to your neck nibbling and licking at the sensitive spot just where your neck and shoulder join.

My hands roam across your breasts and nipples playing with them and making them even harder, if that's possible. You reach around behind you to play with my solid cock rubbing against your ass. You lower it from its arched upwards position to rest between your legs and start grinding your pussy lips against its solid shaft. 

The hot water is splashing against us and keeping us warm, though we hardly need it. Our body temperatures are united and rise against the cool air without its aid. I reach out my left hand and grab the soap. I rub it briskly across your body, covering you in a soft white lather that the shower quickly rinses away leaving you once again revealed to my eyes and hands.

You return the favor, and we are soon both glistening clean in the steamy bathroom. Our touches and washing of each other has kept us at a high state of arousal. And it doesn't seem to be decreasing. My cock is still trapped between your beautiful thighs when the soap escapes your grasp. As you bend at the waist to pick it up I slip inside your warm, wet, pussy.

We both groan at the sensation and you slowly rise. My hands reach around our joined bodies, one reaches up to caress and tease your breasts while the other slips lower to tweak your clit. My strokes in and out of you are short and quick. Our position doesn't allow for very much movement, but what little there is enough for both of us. 

My continued stroking of your clit and breasts along with the slight friction of my cock inside you causes another orgasm in you, and shuddering you can feel yourself slipping.

I lift you in my arms and tenderly carry you back to the bed to dry you off. I then pick you up and put you on the other bed before pulling the covers back and laying you in them. I climb in beside you circling my arms around you, and holding you close as we both drift off to a happy and peaceful sleep.

We are back in the cave, fully dressed and alert, with complete memories of the night before. 

"That was amazing m'dear. We will have to remember that cave for next time we get a few moments alone." I glance at my watch and sure enough no time has passed since we were teleported away. 

"Where else can you make love for 8 hours and then appear the moment you left fully dressed and clean?"

"An excellent point."