 Cecelia hated college for one reason: her roommate, Erin. The girl would bring guys home constantly, and all Cecelia could do is pretend to be asleep as she rode a rotating cast of strangers to completion in their small dorm room. The nights when Erin was out, Cecelia took advantage of silence go through her rituals, showering with some music on with gouts of steam pouring off her frame from the super-heated water, and then some reading a select novel. Occasionally she would pleasure herself when the mood felt right, and when she knew that there was time to be uninterrupted. Erin would always say the bathroom smelled like she just "sucked off a cock" on those nights, Cecelia would always act offended.

Tonight was one of those special nights. Cecelia decided to take some time to head to the gym to work off the tension of her finals, running on the treadmill for what must have been an hour. The treadmill was a favorite of Cecelia, it gave her the chance to admire all of the figures and forms around her, glistening with sweat as they tensed and relaxed, hearing subtle moans of exertion; she would admire men and women alike, but tried to not get too excited in her constricting workout gear. Though Erin would tease her for looking like a boy in her baggy gym shorts and her conservative t-shirts, Cecelia would still get people checking out her smooth legs, and her elfin face. Knowing that she could turn heads in her modest state was always a private turn-on.

The heat of the shower hadn't helped, Cecelia loved the warmth of the water running between her petite breasts and down her inverted nipples. The sensation forced both to stand on end, even in the intense warmth of the streaming waters. Her thighs ached as she rubbed her hands across her body, welcoming the touch of anyone on her slender frame. Cecelia's hands continued to move downwards as she stroked along her toned form, her body becoming more alight and receptive.

That's when she heard the door slam.

"Cecelia, I'm back!" Erin's low voice shouted into the bathroom, "study session was quick, so I'm just going to clean up and head to the coffee shop if you want to come."

Cecelia struggled to compose herself, "yeah, just let me get changed." If Erin was going to extend an invitation to be friendly, the least she could do was give it a try. She quickly rinsed off the last of the soap from her body and wrapped herself in the two towels she left on the toilet seat.

Erin was on the bed when Cecelia darted into the room to grab her clothes, she pivoted quickly to head back into the bathroom to change when Erin taunted, pointing at the towel wrapped around her chest, and the other around her waist,"are you a fucking nun? Afraid I'm going to see you naked?" 

"Some of us are more shy than others, alright?" Cecelia kept walking away as Erin continued on.

"What is it, a bad tattoo? Would you even get a tattoo? Or is it a birthmark or something?" Erin moved closer as she poked a finger into Cecelia's side.

"Drop it, I just don't want to parade around naked is all." 

"You can show me! No judgments, promise." Erin tugged sharply on the bottom towel as Cecelia ran into the bathroom. Erin was too quick, "show me!" She kept shouting as Erin chased her into the bathroom.

That's when Erin's teasing expression changed entirely.

"Holy shit."

Hanging between Cecelia's legs was a cock. A thick, veiny cock. Both girls stood frozen, not even noticing the second of the towels fall. Erin's mouth was agape, brow furrowed as if she was trying to form a sentence.

"There, bitch, are you fucking happy!?" Cecelia stamped her foot as she shouted, humiliated and angry.

Erin could only smile, "I guess this is why you don't bring any guys home. And why I haven't seen you shower with me around before." There was a pause as Cecelia looked even more upset. "So... is it real?" Erin reached out a hand and flicked the head of the her cock.

"Ow! Yes, it's fucking real! What, do you think I just like wearing a strap-on in the fucking dorm?" Cecelia pulled away, pointlessly trying to cover her massive length. Even limp, it ran halfway down her thighs. 

"It's just... not what I expected? And even if you told me you had a cock, I wouldn't expect this." Erin got on her knees and inched closer, trying to investigate. There was a look in her eyes that Cecelia had seen a dozen times before in men as they passed by, want. 

Cecelia tried to pull away again, and ran slipped into the shower stall, stumbling into a sitting position. Erin continued to crawl closer. She reached a hand out once again, and cupped the head of Cecelia's cock in her hand.

"Don't be a creep, Erin."

"Relax, I just want to see how big it is when you're hard. Besides, there's already so much precum, and you haven't said no."

"I haven't said yes either. And I was masturbating, you interrupted me!"

Erin's eyes went wide, "you were coming in our shower? Is that what that was?" 

Looking embarrassed, and having difficulty focusing while her head was being toyed with, Cecelia couldn't manage a response. Cecelia laced her fingers with Erin's and guided her to stroke her length together. "No judgments..?"

"None. But I don't want anyone saying I took advantage of you... I want to hear you say that you want this." Erin's eyes narrowed as a wolfish grin took over. With her free hand she began to pull down her tank top and unhooking her bra.

Cecelia let out a quick sigh of satisfaction as her cock grew. Erin rubbed her free hand's fingers along the slit of her cock, rubbing the precum across the reddened head.

"Say it."

"Please, I do want this."

"How?" Erin licked her finger, audibly swallowing the clear liquid that gathered on her fingertip. 

"I don't know. I haven't been with a girl since sophomore year of high school. And all I got was a handjob."

"Then let me take over." Erin sat up and put her long, black hair back into a tight bun. Her breasts had entirely fallen out of her top, her bra discarded to the floor. Her large breasts shook with each movement as she began to pull her hair away, causing Cecelia to twitch with anticipation. Cecelia leaned forward and took one of those heavy breasts in her hands, licking around the large areola until she found the nipple, biting gently. 

"I said," she gasped in pleasure, "let me take over." Erin pushed Cecelia back, inching ever so closer. She took Cecelia's girth in her hands and began to lick around the burning head of her cock, making sure to suck up every drop of precum that formed. Even while laying on the shower floor, Cecelia's length allowed Erin to take her in her mouth sitting upright without difficulty. Erin slowly took in Cecelia, adjusting her jaw to the thickness of it, and began to move her head in rhythm with each moan that escaped from Cecelia's lips. Erin's mouth was picturesque, luscious red lips that gripped Cecelia with each draw of her cock. 

"I've always wanted to try this!" Erin slyly let go of Cecelia's prick and placed it between her breasts. She massaged Cecelia with her tits as the head poked Erin in the chin, demanding attention. Erin continued to lap up precum as she teased her urethra with her tongue. Cecelia could feel her thighs tightening as she moved closer to orgasm. That primal pressure began to build as she could feel her hips rocking for more. Within moments, large ropes of cum sprayed into Erin's mouth and down her chin and neck. Erin released the cock as it fell limply to the side with a thud. 

"It definitely tastes like a man's cum, it must be the real thing." Erin wiped the errant strands of ejaculate off of her chin, licking it up, rubbing the remainder into the skin of her breasts.

"Sorry... is that bad?"

"Cece, I wouldn't be sucking it off my finger tips if I didn't love it, would I?" She winked as she lifted one of her nipples to her lips, kissing the surface as she cleaned the surface with her tongue. "But, it's my turn now."

Before Cecelia could protest, Erin unbuttoned her jean skirt and pulled her panties away with an expert deftness as she climbed across Cecelia's prone body. Erin wrapped her legs around the back of Cecelia's neck as she raised herself over her. 

"Just suck my clit and use your fingers. Trust me, I'll get there." 

Erin lowered herself towards Cecelia, her lips looking like a fat peach, bursting with juice. The taste was strangely sweet, flowing with thick viscosity as it moved down her throat. Cecelia quickly found Erin's clit as the moved her tongue quickly across it, which seemed to work as Erin groaned and grinded her cunt downward. 

"Hands, Cece, use your hands." Erin could only manage something halfway between a moan and a whisper, her breathing rapidly changing. 

Cecelia quickly obliged, grabbing Erin's waist with one hand, moving another under her chin to finger Erin as she rode across her mouth. Another sharp moan as Erin bucked wildly. 

"Yes, please, keep going. Go a bit rougher."

Cecelia picked up her pace as a burst of cum pooled in her mouth. Erin didn't stop moving, she wanted more. The second orgasm came even faster than the first, flooding Cecelia's mouth as she gulped down Erin's nectar. 

"Look who's ready for round two!" Erin gleefully exclaimed as she reached behind for the monolith of cock that stood proudly. "Just give me a moment to... adjust to it."

Erin stood up and straddled Cecelia's length, rubbing the head across her already excited lips. Cecelia wiggled in slight motion as she nestled the head into her cunt. Gently, Erin moved down the cock, slowly rising and falling as she built up a momentum. Erin's blue eyes looked drunk on the lust she was feeling, gaining speed with each thrust as she impaled herself on Cecelia. Both stared directly into one another's eyes, mouth open, breathlessly moaning in pleasure.

The next orgasm belonged to Erin, leaving trails of thick cream across Cecelia as she stood up. She placed her hands against the wall, sticking out her full ass in presentation. Cecelia stood on shaking legs and grabbed Erin by the hips, while Erin stuck a hand between her thighs to guide Cecelia inside. 

"Take me as hard as-" 

Cecelia needed no prompt, she vigorously thrusted into Erin, the sound of her heavy sack slapping against Erin's clit. Like Erin's mouth, Cecelia's cock was gripped by a tight and welcoming cunt. The two kissed over Erin's shoulder as Cecelia pulled on Erin's nipples with each insertion. 

"Erin, I'm so close."

"Me too, lay back down." Like Cecelia had seen so many nights before, Erin climbed on top to finish her efforts. "I want you to watch it."

With her ass facing Cecelia, she rode with one hand on the ground, and one hand rubbing her own body. Cecelia likewise began to toy with Erin, only to be slapped away.

"No touching, I want you to watch," she said with a smile over her shoulder.

Erin moved two of her fingers inside her own ass, fingering herself frantically as she rode. Cecelia wouldn't blink, she merely laid still as she pulled on her own breasts in a fit of orgasm. Both girls cried out, cum dripped out of Erin and down Cecelia's shaft. Erin dismounted and took Cecelia back in her hands, sucking her cock dry of their remainders.

"Turn the shower on. Let's clean off... I have an idea and I want you to hear me out."