 Author's note: this story contains a futanari woman, futanari on female, and double penetration.

*****

A week of pure enjoyment had lapsed since Erin found Cecelia's hidden talents. The two seldom left the dorm on their weeknights together, and found excuses to get coffee on the town - if anything, Erin had become more of a homebody. Between the moments of fucking and cuddling, they would talk about their current life together and how things could change. Cecelia had fun talking about the idea of a them, but one factor kept coming back that made her nervous.

"So... about that offer," was the common post-coital comment from Erin when they had finished a quick session together. Fingers intertwined and eyes squinted in restful release, Erin kept coming back to the proposal she made in the shower their first day as lovers.

Cecelia would always pause for a moment, unsure of what to say. "It would have to be the exact right circumstance. Otherwise, you know, things could get...complex?"

Erin ran her fingers through Cecelia's short hair as she knotted a small fistful and pulled her close. They kissed, gently at first and more passionate with each breath. Soon their tongues wrapped together as Cecelia felt herself growing hard again, cock aching from the punishing frequency of Erin's lust.

"Of course, discretion has always been my forte," cooed Erin. "I've kept your secret safe, regardless of how loud we both come when we fuck."

Cecelia's face became a field of red as Erin's words hit, coupled with Erin's hands wrapping around Cecelia's sack. "Yeah... but this is different," her words were cut off by a moan as Erin began massaging the base of her cock.

Erin rolled atop Cecelia and kissed her again, running her fingertip up and down the fissure of Cecelia's head. "I would never betray this, and I wouldn't let anyone know unless I was positive they'd keep it safe. But you can't finish your schooling here and not expect someone to find out, besides me."

Precum started to leak, and the rawness of Cecelia's cock burned, but she refused to let Erin stop now. "It has to be right. I trust you. Just know that this stops the moment you hurt me, or the moment I become public knowledge."

Her roommate had already began sliding down her frame, stopping to suckle a nipple on her modest chest before continuing further. "Of course. I wouldn't, couldn't, give this up." Erin began at the base of Cecelia's heavy testes and licked upwards, covering her inhuman length with a sheen of saliva. Once she reached the top, she flicked her tongue across the opening of Cecelia's head before sucking on the girth of her cock. Cecelia could do nothing other than lay back and take a handful of Erin's hair as she guided her to the task.

Another few days later was the night Erin had promised - something new and unique, something no one else could provide. Cecelia paced about the dorm room nervously, running her hands across her scalp as she felt the cold caul of sweat as she waited for Erin's return. "Let me wear you out" was the refrain that kept playing over the cheap laptop speakers, the metallic ting of each syllable forcing the song to be less erotic, and more collaborative in her anxiety. Cecelia felt her heart beat in her chest, in her throat; she couldn't tell if her body was excited or apprehensive. The sundress she wore was long enough to hide her cock, but tight enough to showcase her athletic build. The makeup she wore was dark enough to show a hint of seduction, but didn't obscure her features. There was a half-empty bottle of Jagermeister sitting on the armoire that had all the taste of Christmas, but little of the cheer. Cecelia was nervous that the alcohol would make her cock limp, but a quick demonstration as she cleaned off for the evening proved otherwise. The warmth of her intoxication was arousing in and of itself, and all she could do was wait.

Two quick raps came hit the door, Cecelia answered promptly. Erin stood with her black hair in a mane about her face; a thin, almost ethereal, dark line of purple makeup was laid across her eyes. Even standing there with her expressive and impatient smile, Erin could make Cecelia melt - she quickly became instructed in the meaning behind those pale blue eyes. Erin wanted to fuck, she wanted to come, and it made Cecelia's girth flood in anticipation.

Behind Erin stood a man Cecelia didn't recognize. He had a closely cropped haircut, eyes more gray than blue. His frame was effeminate, but still clearly male. The expression on his face was eager, curious, and hungry. The man and Erin nearly looked as if they could be related, with a gaze of need that Cecelia had only recently understood. 

"Hey," Erin had said effortlessly as she took Cecelia's hand and walked into the dorm. The man awkwardly followed behind, all grins. "This is Ethan, and he can keep a secret."

"Hey." It was all Cecelia could muster in that moment, standing unsure of herself.

"Hey." Ethan couldn't manage much more, and looked immediately to Erin.

"Cecelia, you can trust me. Ethan has already been briefed; like, a week ago. He's just here to play into this fantasy and bolt, right?"

Ethan snapped to attention, "yeah, definitely. And I'm not trying to fuck you, or get fucked by you. I'm here just to be a part of the fun." He let out an uncomfortable laugh as he smiled towards Cecelia.

"Okay. How do you want to start this?" Cecelia looked lost amid a world she didn't understand. Her body was limp, but there was a heat building in her chest and in her thighs. 

"Like we'd start anything." Erin smiled wide and moved her hands up Cecelia's sundress to reveal her body. Nothing was on underneath, just bare skin. Cecelia's cock swung like a pendulum as Erin nudged the base of it.

"Holy shit." Ethan breathlessly exclaimed.

Cecelia darted to cover herself, and shot a hurt look to Erin.

Ethan laughed as he started to undress. "I thought I had something to brag about. But, clearly, I ain't shit." His smile was warm and inviting, catching Cecelia off guard.

With her defenses lowered, Erin moved to stroke Cecelia. As Ethan disrobed and joined the two, Erin placed a hand on Ethan as well, stroking the both as she kissed the couple back and forth. Caught between the two, Erin looked as though she had won the prize of her dreams. Cecelia still felt unsure, but the skill with which Erin handled her, she couldn't focus on the moment - just the pleasure she felt.

Erin's top fell with a snap of Ethan's fingers as the straps burst free of one another. Like Cecelia, she wore nothing beneath. Ethan reached for one of Erin's mammoth breasts as he took a nipple into his mouth, caressing the mound as he moaned in approval of his cock being played with.

"Cece, baby, you too," moaned Erin.

Cecelia obliged, in her own ungainly way. She reached down and took the other breast in her hand, kneading it as she ground her tongue into Erin's areola. A mewling gasp escaped Erin's lips as she moved a hand lower, beneath her skirt. The sound of Erin's wetness broke the room as one hand exercised in masturbatory enthusiasm. Staccato gasps kept pouring outwards as the others moved their hands up and down Erin's body, tracing each curve. 

Erin's eyes glassed over with her impending orgasm, "one rule Cecelia... Umph! You can't go in my ass... Uh, uh, I don't think I can take you, mmmmm yet." Erin presented her fingers between the trio, covered in the viscous cream of her orgasm. Ethan moved to suck her fingers clean as Cecelia spit on her own cock. "Lay down, Cecelia, please."

Not one to argue, Cecelia lay on the floor, cock fully erect. Her sundress was lifted about her waist, straps undone to reveal her breasts. Erin tore off her own skirt and top, as nude Ethan helped guide her on top of Cecelia. Erin climbed atop Cecelia, letting her head penetrate Erin's well prepared cunt. Erin took to the task slowly, riding the massively thick Cecelia with delicate movement. Only Erin's hips moved in their dance, the sound of a slurping cunt bellowing with each undulation. 

Cecelia felt her apprehension and nervousness burst into pure ecstasy. Her body went limp as Erin took command. Ethan bent behind Erin and began to tongue her ass dutifully as Erin rode. Finding the rhythm, Ethan pulled his own cock in time with Erin's writhing, his tongue purposefully winnowing away at Erin's ass. All the while, Erin and Cecelia were caught in a passionate kiss, hands exploring and traveling about as they paused in an instant to gaze with lust and happiness at one another.

"You girls ready?" Ethan asked without truly asking, as his cock was in his hands and pointed at Erin's asshole. "Cecelia may have me beat, but I'm going to show you there is bliss in numbers." Ethan winked as he spit at Erin's ass - Cecelia could feel a bead of saliva move down her cock. With nothing more than a grin, Ethan pushed into Erin's ass with abandon.

"Fuck!" Erin shouted as both of them embedded deep inside her. The girl became static as both worked inside of her, Erin's eyes frozen in place. She appeared vacant, lost in the power of her pure sensation.

Cecelia felt a proud and plentiful cock, though nothing compared to her own, pushed against the wall of Erin's cunt. She rocked her hips in opposition to Ethan, pulling back as he entered, pushing in as he withdrew. Erin's legs shook, her arms gave way; she collapsed into Cecelia's breasts as Ethan picked up speed in his fucking. His eyes closed as he drilled away with reckless intent. Cecelia could only think that he fucked as a man, and couldn't pick up the nuance of a woman's pleasure.

To press the point, Cecelia pulsed her hips to meet with Erin, diving deep and deeper into her cunt. Erin and Cecelia locked eyes as both gazed at one another. There was an intensity there Cecelia couldn't shake.

"Do you like this, Erin? Can you feel me splitting you?" Cecelia didn't necessarily know what to say, but recited lines she had seen in pornography. 

"Cece, baby, I feel it." Erin had a smile on her face that would stop traffic, her weighty breasts smacking against Cecelia's humble chest. Cecelia's nipples were fully excited, flicking against Erin's as they fucked. There was a look in Erin's eyes as she met Cecelia's own gaze, something beyond pleasure that she couldn't place. In her contemplation, Ethan ruptured the moment.

"Holy shit, this is more than I could've hoped for." Ethan was gasping as he rode Erin, "you're so fucking tight. Clench on it, clench on it, please!"

Erin looked over her shoulder at the spritely man and his forceful, sloppy fucking. "I don't want you coming that fast. I want to make this last." She looked back down at Cecelia and kissed her passionately, hands grasping the back of her head as she loudly smacked her lips across Cecelia's mouth, face, and neck. There was a slight giggle as she whispered "this human dildo has nothing on you, Cece." The kissing resumed with warm seduction and needful desperation. Cecelia could feel temperature rising in Erin's lips as she reached orgasm, moans stifled by the dancing of their tongues.

Once more, Erin pushed Cecelia onto her back, freeing herself from the two cocks that savaged her. She stroked Cecelia as she sucked onto Ethan, guiding the two of them to sit on the floor. Erin threw a leg over Cecelia's shoulder, pushing her mound onto her tongue as she gyrated. Ethan sat with a grin as he masturbated to the two women. 

"You two, on your backs, ass to ass." Erin demanded with a wink. Cecelia and Ethan obliged the request, laying awkwardly with their legs wrapped around one another. Erin took both cocks in one hand, as best she could, and positioned them in front of her cunt. Letting her legs go, she fell atop both of them, her entrance filled with both of her playmates. A punctuated yelp escaped.

"Doing alright?" Ethan asked in a haze.

"Yeah, just need to adjust to this. Both of you, stay there." Erin rode the two of them side saddle as her breasts moved freely, her hands on the floor as she moved.

It was Cecelia who sat upright first, taking a breast in her mouth as she began to massage her own testes. Ethan followed suit, taking the opposite nipple as he playfully fingered Erin's ass - he was a man who enjoyed anal fun.

Erin's second climax was loud, and wet. The thick cream of her cunt poured down both of their members, her cry was long and baying, the veins in her neck standing out on her flawless skin. Even with all of her pure ecstasy, she continued to ride the two of them as eagerly as before. Cecelia reached down and collected Erin's cum on her fingers, then massaging her juices across Erin's wide nipples before licking them clean again.

Ethan began to waver, crawling out from beneath Erin. "Just give me a second." The sweat on his face and chest dropped with each heaving breath he took.

In one motion, Erin moved off of Cecelia with a loud slurping of her own cunt and began to suck her lover on hands and knees. Masterfully, Erin rubbed her sack while working the excess shaft with each gulp. Cecelia pulled Erin away, kissing deeply as they both tasted themselves across their lips, both of them pulsing with engorged sexes. Erin couldn't keep away from Cecelia's cock, and immediately went back to pleasuring her.

A thrust caught Cecelia by surprise as Ethan took advantage of the waggling cunt that presented itself. Taking her by the hips, Ethan fucked Erin furiously; each motion amplifying the exceptional task Erin had managed. 

"I'm going to come, please let me come." Cecelia kept repeating herself as she was lost in the feeling of her head being so well worked.

"Me too, I can't hold back." Ethan agreed with strained voice.

Cecelia could feel Erin's mouth tighten into a smile at their consignment. 

Erin crouched on her knees, "both of you, on me." The two bid her cool command.

Ethan was the first to come, spraying Erin's body with a modest amount of cum. Each droplet landing on her lips and neck. Cecelia took more effort; Erin took her in both hands as she stared into Cecelia's eyes with a look of pure joy. Rubbing beneath her head, Erin had control. In several thick bursts, Cecelia relieved herself on Erin's tits, cum slaking off her breasts onto the floor in heavy amount.

As soon as Cecelia was spent, Erin pulled her by the cock to the floor, "get dressed and leave, Ethan. You're done here." The two girls kissed, the taste of Ethan in both of their mouths as Cecelia's contributions were rubbed into their skin the writhing of their post orgasmic bliss. 

Neither noticed Ethan leaving. Neither cared.