 -=-=-=-=-=-=- 

Alanna 

Vorno, Kingdom of Solais 

17th of Starset, 1282 D.f. 

-=-=-=-=-=-=- 

A crack of thunder echoed from the aether. A dancing flame, a whispering void. 

Two sorceresses suddenly appeared before the stone gatehouse of Vorno, a warded and dreary mining town in the easterlands of Solais. Guardsmen draped in black-and-yellow shot up from their chairs, and others turned about to look on the maids, forgetting their conversations of a second ago. 

They were beautiful; two gorgeous damsels with flowing locks and wondrous smiles, whose beauty could never be surpassed in this life unless it was by the other. The guards would have hollered then, if those perfect maids hadn't just apparated from thin air; but, they had, and so the guards stared on from atop the walls in disbelief instead, and one even lost his toothpick. 

The sorceress-in-red giggled sweetly under their gazes, her full, blonde hair swaying enchantingly in the eventide breeze. She addressed each and every one of those men with an uncompromising will, whilst the sorceress-in-blue looked on with a pout. 

"Good tidings, guardians and sons of Vorno," the voluptuous sorceress-in-red warmly greeted the men. "We've come to sup with your Elderman, and have an instant desire to see to him. I pray I speak with gentlemen this day? Gentlemen who know the honor of opening their gates for those with such a desire, no matter how frightening their arrival must have been?" 

The sorceress-in-red rarely ever addressed another in such a pompous manner, unless it was to get the attention of guards. She'd learned the trick from her future husband, a trick that was more of a game, really; a game she very much enjoyed. She tucked in an arm under her breasts, giving her audience more than a hint of cleavage. 

A guard wearing a steel helm cleared his throat, in sudden realization that he had a job to perform. "Err... state yer business?" he dumbly replied. The sorceress-in-red giggled, shaking her head. 

"But sir," she retorted with a bubbly enthusiasm, "I've just stated our business. We're to sup with the Elderman." 

The fat guard beside the first finally allowed his mouth to close, and he stammered out his own attempt at diligence. "B-b-but the law says we's not to allow in mages, lest they disrupt the mines with their sorceries; and yous twos are undoubtedly mages." 

The sorceress giggled in reply. "You have me there, good sir. Well, go on, open the gate." 

The guards glanced at one another in confusion, a meager allowance of self-determination granted to them by an enchantress in her prime. They opened the gates to Vorno not a moment later, stammering and apologizing to her while the portcullis rose. 

"Not to worry, fine sons of Solais. Have a pleasant eve!" the enchantress replied with a wave, as she and her gorgeous friend sauntered through the gates unopposed. She let her haughty demeanor wash away as they made their way through the dusty streets and dingy houses of Vorno. 

Alanna the Enchantress looked towards her lovely friend in blue. She was the bashful Tanya, a sorceress who had agreed to a bit of a makeover during their stop in Redstone for clothes, supplies, and a bit of a family reunion. Instead of black, Tanya now wore a modest light blue dress, which fluttered and swayed as she stepped through the street, along with a jacket and gloves. None of the skin below her neck was revealed, yet every movement of her legs drew the attention of those around her. Her hair, originally a dark raven, had now been transmuted back to its natural form; a mundane light brown. She even wore a sword strapped to her back, a gift for their man they now shared intimately. 

The peasants of Vorno dropped what they were doing at the sight of them. The stares of every man bounced between Alanna's chest and Tanya's ass as the girls made their way through the streets. Their thoughts were clouded by an instant lust, followed by a piteous regret that those women weren't for them. One hopeful man mused that they were destined for the brothel. Alanna chuckled at the thought. 

"Talos is going to love your new dress," Alanna truthfully admitted to her companion as they sauntered towards the Elderman's house atop the hill. Tanya glanced at her with an anxious smile. 

"I hope not, because I already hate it. Alanna, I feel as if everyone is watching me," she replied with a pout and cheeks aflame. 

"Then perhaps I shouldn't inform you that they are all, indeed, watching you," Alanna teased. Tanya only blushed further, shaking her head. 

"Why must men be so base?" Tanya murmured, looking down at her dress. "So help me, If Talos doesn't like my attire I'm porting back to Redstone to change." 

"He'll like it," Alanna assured her as she laid a hand on the door of the Elderman's house. She rapped her knuckles against the wood before letting herself in. 

Alanna and Tanya found their man just where they expected him; standing before the Elderman of Vorno whilst looking none-too-pleased. His clothes were stained black by the blood of the slain, but his long brown hair was soft as if he'd just bathed. Alanna followed his haste glance in their direction; a quick one-over for her, and a longer scan of the sorceress Tanya. He loved her new dress, and her hair. 

"Ah, there you are," Talos smirked, as if prescient of their imminent arrival. Alanna bounced on up beside him, knowing the Elderman was staring at her swaying, marvelous breasts. 

"Talos, my love," she happily greeted with a peck of his cheek, before turning to the seated Elderman. "Hello, sir." 

"Er, greetin's miss. And, er, other miss," the Elderman replied with a shaky nod. Talos' happy gaze transformed back into a glare, and he pointed at the Elderman to speak. 

"Look, I've not the time to argue. Give me the damned promised reward for slaying the Beast of Bullion Mine." 

Alanna smiled in confusion, and spoke when the Elderman failed to reply. "The Beast of Bullion Mine?" she asked of her man. He wrapped an arm around her, glancing her way once more. 

"Mhm. Remember when I jested about a spider the size of a bear?" Talos gruffly replied. 

"Yeah?" 

Talos grimaced, shaking his head. 

"... No," Alanna murmured with wide eyes. 

"That's horrid," Tanya pouted, bringing a hand to her breast. 

"Oh, it was," Talos replied with a smirk before turning back to the Elderman. "And this man thinks the slaying of such a creature is only worth a measly nine crowns, rather than the fifteen we originally agreed upon. Though, I wonder if two sorceresses of immense power would be able to convince him to grant the original sum?" 

The Elderman's jaw slacked open in a sudden realization, and his slow-witted gaze bounced between Alanna and Tanya for a good quarter-minute, most of which was spent ogling Alanna's breasts. She decided to seal the deal for her man once she'd received the appropriate amount of attention. 

"I'm sure you could spare another six crowns from the stash of forty you stole from the previous tax, sir," Alanna sweetly proposed with an even sweeter smile. The Elderman's jaw dropped further, but he eventually found his composure. He rose from his chair. 

"I'll get yer damned coin," he mumbled in defeat. 

-=-=- 

"So, let me get this straight honey," Alanna smirked as the threesome made their way to the horses from the Elderman's cottage, "you had a gold mine to yourself for half an entire day, yet you decided to argue with the Elderman over six gold crowns?" 

Talos rolled his eyes. "They check for ore at the gates, Alanna," he dryly replied. "If we had Cass here, sure, I'd have robbed it blind. Anyway, Tanya; is that my new sword, or have you taken up yet another hobby?" 

Tanya smiled for him, then stopped walking so she could unstrap the blade from her back. She offered it to him with both hands, and Talos quickly unsheathed it. He held it up to the sunlight for inspection. 

"Feels good. Four pounder?" he asked her. 

"Yes," Tanya smiled. 

"Forty-two inches?" 

"Forty-four," she softly corrected, nodding towards his hip. "Same as that one. The grip's redwood. I asked the merchant where it was forged, but he didn't know." 

"Ah, doesn't really matter," he smiled as he took the sheathe from her. "Thank you. How much was it?" 

"Don't you dare try to repay me," she chuckled. "And you're welcome. Tell me, which magics could Cass have used to help you thieve from the mine?" 

"Well, she can send things to a... er, Alanna?" he turned towards her. 

"She has her own off-world realm," she quickly explained to a nodding Tanya. 

"I see. Talos, would you like me to learn that magic?" 

"You mean get one of your own? You can do that?" he asked as he compared the two swords in his hands. Cassandra, his meteorite-steel blade, had been chipped during his encounter with an army of Orcs at Alfred's Bridge, and was now deemed unreliable by the man. 

"Probably," Tanya softly replied with a smile. "I'll look into it the next time we're in Redstone. Being a teleporter precluded me from ever requiring such a magic, but I can see its merits." 

"How did I ever get by before you?" he smirked, resuming his walk towards the town stables. Alanna intrinsically knew that he was jesting, and so she tried her best not to take his words as a slight. Talos, as if sensing her slight pang of jealousy, purposefully bumped into her. She bumped him back with a giggle. 

"So, our babe's getting pretty big," he proudly declared. Alanna grinned. 

"Aw! You looked through me! Talos, did you miss me?" she squealed, realized, and gently chided. 

"About two hours after you'd left," he vocally admitted, before silently adding, I also wanted to ensure she was following my asks. 

She's certainly trying, the enchantress giggled with a pinch of his arm. "You're such a sweetheart. Have you bathed of late?" 

"Only this morning," he smugly answered as if in expectation of a debaucherous night of fun. And oh how he'd get it. 

-=-=- 

The reunited threesome of Alanna, Talos, and Tanya rode south from Vorno that eve, continuing their journey to the straightened shore of Solais. The ride this day differed drastically than those of the recent past; the howls of Orcs on the horizon were now absent, and the sweeping plains of the easterlands under a warm sun brightened their spirits. 

Still, the easterlands were a desolate place, and desolation always made Alanna nervous. Besides the Royal mines dotting the region few settlers dared to venture out this far, and so to ride here required a foreknowledge of survival skills, or having the luck of traveling with one that did. 

Fortunately for Alanna, her future husband Talos was just that man. On this day he slew an elk just as the sun fell over the endless plain to their west, then decided on camp within a large copse of oaks next to a burbling stream. He made their fire then, snatching more than an armful of branches from those oaks to start a roaring fire suitable for the cooking of meat. The girls ate with him, even if they weren't particularly hungry; it was still only mid-afternoon in Redstone, after all, and the sorceresses had quickly readjusted to city life while they were there. Alanna, being Talos' wife, took her rightful seat on his lap as they ate, and Tanya was forced to sit alone beside them. 

Tanya offered her companions their privacy as the sun fell, and declared she would take first watch this night. She made her way over to the stream then, and sat upon a fallen tree trunk as her companions loved one another by the tent for a time.  

But Alanna knew wholeheartedly that Talos was now a greedy man. The past week had made him confident, now that he was reminded of his own capabilities and of Tanya's pure devotion to him. She was even stunned to silence as Talos leaned in to her ear, and whispered of what he dreamt of doing while his women were away. 

Alanna lept off of his lap then. She had to tell Tanya. 

Alanna danced that way, and found her fellow sorceress just as she'd expected; with her nose stuck deep in a tome, a fluttering orb of light hanging in the air behind her, and a sullen pout present on her lips. Alanna stepped closer, and only then noticed the spells she was casting into the stream. 

"Hey Tanya," Alanna teasingly greeted as she walked up to her. Tanya only offered her a quick glance before returning her attention to the book in her hand. 

"Hey, Alanna," she replied all-too-sadly. 

The enchantress sat down beside her on the fallen tree, then scooched closer when Tanya scooched away. "What'cha doin'?" Alanna cutely asked. 

"Oh, you know... hoping to finally find some luck with elemental evocation. I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong," Tanya sighed. She tilted her gaze back to the enchantress. "Say, Alanna, you were able to somewhat pick up fire evocation. Were there any... tricks to it? Ideations which support your spells?" 

Alanna shrugged, warmly gazing into Tanya's eyes when they were offered to her. Tanya turned away. "Oh well," she murmured dejectedly. 

Alanna placed a hand on Tanya's thigh. "Forget about this for now. You should come to bed with us instead," she sweetly proposed. Tanya chuckled, but shook her head. 

"No, no, that's alright. You can have your privacy with him tonight." 

"What if... Talos doesn't want privacy?" Alanna smirked. Tanya shut her book. 

"Did he... did he say he wanted me to join you?" she asked with more than a hint of excitement. Alanna chuckled. 

"He always wants you with him in bed, Tanya. You're his mate now." 

She blushed, shaking her head. "So you say. He hardly even mentioned the new look you gave me." 

Alanna's hand slipped further up her thigh, and she smirked when Tanya looked at her. 

"Perhaps I was only looking for the right time to compliment you. I love you, Tanya," Alanna whispered to her, heartfelt and true. Tanya's brows rose in surprise. 

"T-Talos?" she stuttered. 

"Mhm," Alanna confirmed with a grin, snatching her hand in hers. "Come on. I promised you the entire length this time, didn't I?" 

The pair of girls shot up from the fallen tree trunk without delay, Tanya absentmindedly dropping her tome into the grass and extinguishing her floating orb in the process. With quick stride and laughter did they make their way to the campfire and to the tent, where Talos stood naked and with arms crossed, wearing his ever-present smirk. 

Alanna shook her head free of his low-effort enchantment when they neared, wondering why she felt so turned on by the idea of him controlling her so completely. 

Service me wife. 

Service? Alanna giggled and looked to her man, drinking in his athletic form as he stood with arms crossed. She knew she wouldn't need to be asked twice. She bounced over to his divine form and sank to her knees in front of him, then took his half-hard cock in one hand and pumped on it as he turned his attention to Tanya. 

"That was quite the... surprise, Talos," Tanya admitted with a grin as she strode towards him. "When did you learn to do that?" 

He shrugged. "Here and there. Usually out of a desire to play with her tits." 

Tanya huffed with a false indignation as she made her way before him, wrapping her arms around his waist as Alanna tugged on his cock. "You're so base, Talos," she gently chided with a shaken head. Talos leaned into her and smooched her on the lips. 

"And you're positively beautiful, Tanya. I adore what you did with your hair. And your dress," he softly replied. Tanya beamed at the compliment, swishing her plaits back-and-forth with a swaying head. 

"Th-thank you, Talos," she blushed. He kissed her again. 

"The dress would probably look better on the ground, though." 

"Oh really? Do you think so?" she giggled as Alanna took Talos' cock in her mouth, noisily slurping on the tip. He nodded, and brought his hand to the back of Alanna's head to guide her. She hungrily obliged him, taking two more inches of him into her mouth. 

Tanya stepped away, blushing profusely as she quickly unbuttoned her own jacket and threw it to the grass. She hastily worked on removing her blue dress next, but Talos stopped her with a suggestion before she could discard it just as quickly. 

"Slowly, Tanya. Like a show." 

"You're... you're so greedy," she exhaled with an anxious smile. Tanya lifted the strap back to her shoulder, and slowly worked on slipping her long blue gloves from her arms instead. Alanna serviced her man as best she could between peeks of the slowly-disrobing sorceress through Talos' eyes, bobbing on his pillar and drooling down his shaft. She knew there was no danger of him shooting quickly tonight and, even if there was, she could guide him towards a second or sixth round anyway. 

Tanya slowly pushed a strap of her dress down her shoulder when her gloves were removed. Her cheeks were so very red with Talos' lustful gaze fixed on her, yet she found the sense to bite her lip as she pushed the second strap down as well. She even alluringly twirled about when she pulled the dress down her form, where she first revealed her back, then her ass, then her legs as the garment softly dropped to the grass. Alanna wondered where Tanya had learned that move as her mouth was stuffed with Talos' throbbing cock, and she was absolutely sodden when the sorceress unclasped her bra and slowly twirled back around as she held her naked breasts beneath an arm. It was then that Alanna noticed the Fertility tattoo on Tanya's tummy, a pair of mirrored sevens. 

"You're absolutely gorgeous my love," Talos softly declared as he beckoned Tanya close with his free hand. She stepped towards him lustfully, and sank into him as she wrapped her arms around his neck. Then, they kissed, and kissed so deeply that Alanna was actually forgotten for a moment. She didn't mind. She understood her man's lust for her. 

Talos tugged on Alanna's blonde hair a moment later. "Show her how she makes me feel," he commanded from above, while silently ordering her to perform something far more specific. Alanna popped off of Talos' glistening cock, then shifted towards the near-naked Tanya and pushed her blue laced panties to the side. She serviced her womanhood next, enthusiastically and completely, causing Tanya to moan into her man's mouth as she did. 

"Ohh... Alanna," she sighed, wrapping the enchantress's long blonde hair in a hand before Talos pounced onto her lips once more. They passionately made out with one another as Alanna's womanhood became an ocean of lust, and she'd forgotten about Talos' throbbing pillar for a minute as she pleasured the beautiful sorceress in front of her. She then reached out to him with a hand and slowly stroked him as she sucked on Tanya's pearl. 

Alanna, unfortunately, couldn't read Tanya to vicariously live through her passion, but Talos' alone was an overwhelming sensation nevertheless. Just as the enchantress thought she'd melt from the building infatuation, Talos tapped her on the head, commanding her to rise. She got to her feet after planting one last kiss on Tanya's clit. 

Talos parted from Tanya's lips, but kept an arm wrapped around her. He gazed into Tanya's eyes and said, "now, watch and learn from Alanna as she strips for me." Tanya quickly nodded for him, and turned her attention as she rested a cheek against Talos' neck. 

Alanna's heart practically lept from her chest when she heard those words. Who was this man? Where did he take her otherwise-non-exploratory Talos? And why in the gods' names did she decide to wear such a simple dress to see him today?! 

She could make it work, though. She was Alanna the Enchantress, after all, the quintessential dream of both men and women. She turned to the side as she gazed into Tanya's eyes, biting her lip, and bent at the waist so her curvaceous ass was pushed out behind her. Only then did she sensually raise the hem of her dress above her ass, then slipped her fingers into her hose to slowly push them down her alabaster legs. The dress fell as her hands did, covering her up once again to ensure her audience was only offered a quick peek. She bent at the knees to step out of her hose, then performed the same move with her panties. She rocked her hips as she let her panties fall to her feet, as if riding a ghostly cock that only she could see. 
