 Franklin Patterson woke slowly, aware of the cool, crisp sheets surrounding his nude body. He lifted his left hand to his forehead as his eyelids fluttered open. 

"That was one hell of a party," he muttered as he sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed. He looked around as he stood. The walls were eggshell white, two walls held paintings of bowls of fruit and flowers. In one corner stood a pressed wood wardrobe of the quality one would expect to find in Walmart. He noted the wardrobe, as he continued his visual tour, as an object to be inspected at a later time. But, he had more immediate concerns. 

"Where's the fucking bathroom?" He wondered aloud as he moved to the only door he could find. He opened the door and saw a longer, but not wider, room. Along one wall stood three twin beds similar to the one that he had just vacated. The walls were the same eggshell white and had similar wall decorations. Across from each bed stood the same style of wardrobe. But, what caught his attention, to the point of ignoring everything else, was another door that stood open to display blue and white tiles, sparkling white porcelain and glittering chrome. 

He walked the length of the room, totally at ease with his nudity and his eight and half inch cock engorged with blood and piss standing at full attention, his foot falls muffled by the same plush carpet that covered the floor in the smaller room. 

He rushed into the bathroom so intent on his objective, that he didn't realize that he'd shut the door harder than he'd intended. He sighed with relief as he as he relieved himself and flushed the toilet. 

After he washed his hands, he opened the door and stepped back into the room with the multiple beds. Three steps into the room he noticed that he wasn't alone, nor was he the only one awake. 

All three beds had the most beautiful women he'd ever seen in his young 22-year-old life. One the bed nearest the bathroom, sitting on the side away from him, was a blonde with shoulder length hair, long arms and legs, a long, flat abdomen, and grapefruit sized breasts. If he were to hazard a guess, he'd say she was about 5 foot 8 or 9 and in her late teens. 

In the next bed, also facing away from him, was a woman with brunette hair cut in the page boy style. Like the blonde, she had long arms, legs and abdomen. From his angle of view, he couldn't tell her breast size, but he did see a flash of nipple past her right arm. And also, like the blonde, she appeared to be about 5 foot 8 or 9 and in her late teens. 

On the third bed, sitting on the side facing him, was a woman with long black hair. Unlike the blonde and brunette, Frank knew this one. He was in shock to see her sitting on a bed as nude as everyone else, that he called out to her. 

"Tima?" The sound of his own voice shocked him as much as it made the three women jump. 

Almost immediately, he had a couple of pissed off women in front of him, calling him a pervert for peeping on them and a sexual deviant for kidnapping them. 

He backed up toward the bathroom door out of self defense. Suddenly, Tima broke between the other two and pushed him into the bathroom. 

After she closed the door behind her, she faced him and leaned back against it. 

"You've changed," she said, reaching out and placing her warm hand on his flat stomach, "no more gut." 

"You haven't," he reached out and ran a finger across her left cheek, "you're still as sexy as ever." 

She sighed and tilted her head into his finger. "You know, it was never my idea to stop seeing you." 

He nodded and and took a step closer. "I know, it was my sister." 

She looked up at him and grinned, lust shining in her eyes like twin bonfires. 

"But, she's not here," she lightly bit her lower lip, knowing she was driving him crazy, "is she?" She reached up and moved her hair off of her left shoulder, exposing the side of her neck and ear. 

With a growl, he began nibbling her ear while his arms went around her waist and pulled her tight against his chest. She reached down between their bodies with her right hand and began stroking his cock. She pushed away from the door and dropped to her knees. 

He moaned as she took his left nut into her mouth, then the right one. But it was her sucking them both in that almost made his knees give out on him, 

As she began licking the underside of his cock, he noticed that the door opened about six inches and the other two women were watching, each with their hands between their legs. He promptly forgot about their audience as Tima's mouth engulfed his cock. He felt her breath tickle his pubic hair and her chin smack his balls before she pulled off of him. 

"God," she smiled up at him while she continued to stroke him. "I'd forgotten how big you are." 

"You keep that up and I'll be useless to you, no matter how big I am." He pushed her down onto her back and knelt between her lifted and spread legs. He circled her right leg with his left arm and pulled back her pubic bush with his left hand to find her clit, while his right hand pulled apart her pussy lips. 

After her clit was exposed, he lowered his head over it and sucked it into his mouth where he nibbled on it and played with it with his tongue. 

"Ah, fuck yes." She moaned. "Eat that pussy." She wrapped her fingers in his hair as he slowly slid two fingers from his right hand into her sopping wet hole. 

She began bucking her hips as her orgasm built in its intensity. 

Soon he was slamming his fingers into her as his tongue worked over her clit. 

"Oh, fuck, yeah!" She screamed as her juices squirted into his mouth. 

While her breathing returned to normal, he sat back on his heels, wiped his chin with his right hand, and then stroked his cock with it. 

She rolled over onto the hands and knees and shook her ass at him. 

"Mount up, stud." She said, breathlessly. 

He positioned himself between her legs and grabbed her hips. He pumped his cock along her ass crack a few times, then slid it into her pussy. 

As he slowly pistoned into her, she looked over her right shoulder at him. 

"Spank my ass," she said, her voice taking on a demure tone. "I've been a very naughty girl." 

He reached out with his left hand, twined his fingers through her waist length black hair and pulled back as he thrust forward. And with each forward thrust of his hips he lightly smacked her right ass cheek. 

"I'm gonna cum again, baby," she yelled as he fucked her doggy-style. 

"Don't you dare," he ordered. "You will wait until I'm ready and we'll cum together." 

"Well, then, fuck me," she said, slamming herself back onto his cock. "Fuck me hard." 

He released her hair and stopped smacking her ass as he gripped waist again and pounded into her hard. 

"Cum, baby," he grunted. "I'm gonna fill you up." 

As he felt her juices squirt out and onto his balls, he felt his balls tighten and his cock swell as gallons of sperm shot out of him and deep into her spasming pussy. 

With each shot, he pulled her back into him and held her there until, finally, he pulled his, slowly, deflating cock from her cum dripping pussy. 

As he took a blue hand towel from the towel rod and began cleaning himself off, a knock sounded from the door. 

"Are you two done fucking yet?" He recognized the blonde's voice. 

Tima stood on unsteady legs and pulled the door the rest of the way open. 

"Don't pretend you didn't enjoy our show." She said as she walked passed. 

"I don't," the blonde said. "In fact, when he's recuperated, I'm next." 

Frank followed Tima out of the bathroom. "So, I take it that you're convinced that I didn't kidnap you for my own sexual perversions?" 

"Not yet," the brunette said. "Let's just say we're willing to keep an open mind." 

"Good," Frank said, "because I'm just as much in the dark about what's going on as you." 

"First off," Tima said sitting on her bed. "I feel introductions are in order," she looked pointedly at Frank. 

"I'm Franklin Patterson, but you can call me 'Frank'," he said as he sat next to Tima on her bed, and tried to ignore the naked beauty sitting next to him. "Last thing I remember, I was at a party at my sister's. And, it must've been a hell of a party because, I woke up here." 

Tima put her hand up, "I'm Ultima Arthur, and, like Frank, I was at his sister's party, then I woke up here." 

The blonde grinned. "Something tells me that you two used to be involved." 

Frank blushed and Tima laughed. "Yeah, Frank and I used to be real good friends with benefits." 

"What happened?" 

"I got involved with his sister." 

The brunette grinned, "So, you go both ways?" 

"Like a saloon door," she smiled. 

"Glad I'm not the only one," the brunette said. "By the way, I'm Lillian Griffith, or Lilly if you like, and apparently being at a party is the common theme." 

"I'm Daisy O'Brien," the blonde said. "And I was at a party, too." 

"Well, since we got the intros out of the way," Frank grinned at Daisy, "I'm recuperated." He spread his legs to display his eight and a half inch cock standing at full attention. 

"You two go have fun over there," Tima said, "Lilly and I are going to get better acquainted." She playfully shoved Frank off her bed and opened her arms in time to embrace Lilly. 

As Frank and Daisy came together and he started to stroke her nipples, a male voice with a British accent emitted from hidden speakers. 

"Before you commence on another round of fornication," the voice said, "I'd recommend you pay attention." 

A video screen slid from the ceiling to the right of the bathroom door. After locking into place, the screen lit up and they could see, what appeared to be, a satellite or space station spinning in space. 

"This is your new home," a British accented female voice said. "You've been rescued from a planetary disaster that occurred so suddenly, that it was all we could do to rescue the few of you we could." 

"How many?" Frank asked, mostly to himself. 

"Voice print of leader, group 19, confirmed and set." The male voice said. 

Frank looked down at Daisy with arched eyebrows. Realizing that he was still playing her nipple, he moved his hand. When she took his hand and put it back, he gave a mental shrug and returned his attention to the monitor. 

"How many people did you rescue?" He asked again. 

The female voice responded. "A total of 308, broken down into seventy-seven groups of four people each." 

"Let me make sure I understand this correctly." Frank said, moving away from Daisy. "You 'rescued' us, segregated us, and are now keeping us prisoner." 

"You are not prisoners. You are being quarantined until you've been acclimated to your new environment." 

Frank took an exaggerated breath. "What's to acclimate?" He asked. "We're breathing fine, there's nothing in the atmosphere to provide physical discomfort, so why are we actually being 'quarantined'?" 

"Because, to rescue you, we had to breach a dimensional barrier and bring you here." 

"Okay," Frank said, "and?" 

"And the indigenous species of this dimension, what we call human, are giants compared to you. You are only three of our inches tall, on average." 

"Yeah, right," Lilly snorted from behind Frank. 

"At this time, we invite the leaders of each group to meet with each other and with a human representative." 

"Fine," Frank said. "But, I'm not going out there like this." He spread his arms. 

One of the wardrobe doors opened to display a silver jumpsuit with the number 19 stenciled on the left breast. 

"Clothes are provided," the British woman said. 

"I was talking about my hard-on." Frank smiled, "you guys interrupted us at a crucial point." 

"Ah, of course." There was a pause. "It seems that you are not the only one who has unfinished business to attend to, so we'll convene in one hour." 

There was an audible click as the monitor slid back into the ceiling. Frank turned back to Daisy with a grin. 

"Sorry, Daisy," he said. "Don't have the time to do this right, so..." He pushed her back onto the bed and knelt between her legs. 

The aroma of her arousal slipped into his nose as easily as his fingers slid into her pussy. His tongue circled her clit and drew it into his mouth as he slid a third finger into her. 

She moaned loudly as he began wiggling his fingers in time to thrusting them deeper into her. 

She grabbed double handfuls of hair as she ground her pussy into his face. "Oh, yeah, baby," she moaned. "Right there." 

Suddenly her hands disappeared from the back of his head, and when he looked up across her abdomen, he saw her hands were occupied by pressing Tima's head to her left breast and Lilly to her right. The additional stimulation was more than Daisy could handle and she shot her juices all over Frank's face. 

After her hips stopped bucking, he climbed up onto the bed and slid his cock against her clit. 

She pierced him with a look of unadulterated lust. 

"Get that cock in me." She demanded. 

Not one to argue, Frank slid the head of his cock into her pussy and pumped his hips. 

She lifted her legs, locked them around his waist and pulled him deeper into her. 

He stayed still for a minute, enjoying the moist, tight pussy he was in. Then he started pumping into her. 

Tima moved off the tit she'd been sucking and whispered something into Daisy's ear. Daisy listened, then nodded emphatically. "Let's get on the floor where we have more room." She said unlocking her legs. 

Frank stood from the bed and watched as Daisy got onto her hands and knees on the floor. He immediately got down behind her as Tima got on her back in front of her and Lilly straddled Tima's head. 

Daisy scooted forward and gripped Tima's legs. 

"Fuck my ass, Stud." She said before burying her face into Tima's pussy. 

Frank aimed his cock at Daisy's pink, puckered asshole and eased it in. As his inch and a half girth slid into her. She held still and did not move until he felt his balls hit her warm pussy. 

Watching the double pussy eating before him, he started pumping into Daisy's ass, allowing the friction to entice his orgasm to build. 

Suddenly, the urge to cum was over whelming and he unloaded into her, feeling his cock swell even more before each shot. 

The moans of pleasure from Tima and Lilly followed him into the bathroom as he prepared to make an excursion beyond the walls of their three-room prison. 

As he stood in the shower, with the steaming hot water rolling off of him, he thought back over the last couple of hours. 

First, he's reunited with the best F.W.B. he'd ever had, then found out that they're only one group of seventy-seven, and finally ass fucked another sexy chic. 

'If this is a dream,' he thought as he wet his hair. 'Don't wake me up.' He turned off the water and stepped out. 

"You know," Lilly said from where she sat on the toilet, "you've cum inside Tima and Daisy," she grinned. "I'm next." 

Frank took a green bath towel from a cabinet next to the shower. "Well, it'll have to wait." He dried off and dropped the towel into a chute that opened in a wall next to the towel cabinet. He walked out of the bathroom, across the longer room and into the room where he'd first woke up. 

He opened the wardrobe and pulled out the shimmery, silver jumpsuit off its plastic hanger. Looking at it, as it hung from his fingertips, he, at first, couldn't locate any means to put it on, there was no visible seam or zipper. 

A knock sounded from the door behind him. He turned and saw Tima standing in the doorway, one arm resting against the door jam. 

His eyes took in her figure as he studied her silver curves. "This is amazing stuff." Tima said. "You'd expect that, with it being so tight, you'd see my nipples or ass crack," she turned and displayed her ass, "but there's nothing. Almost like there's bra and panties built in." 

"Cool," Frank said. "How do you get into it?" 

She giggled as she walked across the room. "Like this." She reached out and pressed a thumb sized section of the neck. Immediately, the fabric lost it's tight look. "Now, just step into the neck and press the same area." She watched as Frank sat on the edge of the bed and dressed. 

After he got his arms into their sleeves, he reached up with his right hand and pressed the same section, which was in the neck below the left ear. 

Immediately, the fabric tightened against his skin. He stood and faced Tima. 

"How do I look?" He asked, imitating a Superman pose, "good, right?" 

"Good enough to eat." She said. "C'mon, almost time to go." 

"So," he asked as he followed her out of the room. "Why are you dressed?" 

"While you were in the shower, the Brit lady came on and said that one of us could accompany you." She shrugged. "Considering our history, I was volunteered." 

As they approached the middle bed, a door slid open between the second and third wardrobe. 

They stepped through and the door slid closed behind them. They found themselves on a metal walkway about twenty feet across. On the far side of the walkway was a waist high bannister, but what attracted Frank's attention was a two seater vehicle that was parked in front of their door. Stenciled onto the hood, for lack of a better word, was the number nineteen. 

Tima climbed into the vehicle and slid over so that Frank could get in. 

As soon as they were settled, the vehicle took off. 

"Amazing," Frank said. "No sound of an engine, no sound of tires rolling, yet we're doing at least 30." 

After a few minutes of moving, the vehicle slowed to a stop outside a circular hallway. Frank and Tima stepped out of the vehicle and entered the round tunnel. 

As they approached the opposite end of the tunnel, the sounds of a multitude of voices became louder and louder, until it was as if they were walking into a wall of sound. When they stepped out of the tunnel, the sound all but died. 

"Wow, why was it so loud in there?" Tima asked. 

Frank turned to look at the tunnel. "Basic physics, my dear. The shape of the tunnel acts like a bullhorn, amplifying any sound that enters." As he spoke his eyes roved the crowd around the tunnel and around the room. 

By all appearances, they were in a sporting arena where the normal grass and dirt field was replaced by a metal floor. From his vantage point, Frank could see lines starting in the center and spiraling out. 

"Tima!" An excited female voice called from above the tunnel. 

Frank instantly recognized the voice and spun around as quickly as Tima did. There, above the tunnel stood a woman who could have been confused for Tima's identical twin. 

"Val," Tima breathed as she scrambled up stairs, over bleacher type seats, over people, she didn't care. Behind her, Frank was left to make apologies as he followed. 

By the time he caught up to Tima, they were amiably chatting with a young man. First thing Frank noticed about the man was his age, he was about eighteen or nineteen years old. Frank also noted the number three stenciled on their silver jump suits. 

"Val, you remember Frank," Tima said as he approached. 

"Of course," she smiled, moved passed Tima, wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a kiss. It was the kind of kiss that lovers usually reserve for each other. 

Frank his arms around her waist and returned the kiss with full fervor. When they stepped apart, Frank noticed that Val's cheeks were flushed. 

"Been a long time," Frank said. 

"Not so long that you forgot how to kiss," she sighed. "Let me introduce Clay Pachuk, leader group 3." She moved back to his side. 

Clay extended his hand, "How ya doin'?" 

"I'm doin'." Frank said shaking the offered hand. 

"So, whatchu t'ink 'bout dis?" 

"Don't know yet." They all sat down as the lights dimmed. Once the voices quieted down, the metal plate irised open and the biggest man Frank had ever seen rose up as if he were on a giant elevator. 
