 A few weeks had passed since the last time Erin and Cecelia were intimate. After their excursion with a third partner, thing had become distant between the two. Cecelia was became more private, Erin rejoined her activities outside the dormitory. Most nights, Cecelia was left to pleasure herself in the shower again, avoiding Erin when she could. Despite the tension, the two were friendly enough that there was little concern for their living arrangements - but their dalliances were of another question entirely. 

The tension broke on a slow weeknight, the two of the girls watching a banal romantic comedy as they told simple, almost monosyllabic, jokes with each passing scene. As the credits rolled, Cecelia picked herself up and walked to the shower without a word. Confident that her secret was not only safe, but very much in the open, Cecelia stripped away her leggings, peeling the fabric away from the weighty shaft that fell down her thigh. For whatever hormonal cycle she possessed, her body was sore and more full than usual, with faded vein standing against darkened nipples and a swollen bust. Her breasts had always been modest, but at least at these times, she could pass for a heavier B, if not a lightweight C. Cecelia stood underneath the water, letting the water trace her frame from her shoulders, down to her tits, and running across her abs as the stream was brought to a point at the cleft of her thighs, the water running down her length to spill onto the shower floor.

In the time Cecelia and Erin had last been together, Cecelia found very little time to actually masturbate. Although Erin knew the secret, there was a newfound shyness attached to her anatomy - as if having Erin know she was stroking herself was somehow shameful. After all, they had been involved in a three way tryst recently, what more shame could there be between the two? Cecelia stood there, one hand bracing against the wall, the other feebly rubbing her engorged glans. She tried to become aroused, but her spirit wasn't in it. The veins of her cock stood on edge, flooded and purple, but not enough to produce the desired effect. Instead, she twisted her own nipple, made sensitive by the timing of the days, biting her lip as she continued to build upon her own frustration. Cecelia's sack hung low, hairless and clean, full of a gift she fantasized delivering to Erin. Erin - the thought of her, the two of them together, brought a bead of clear liquid to her cock. Cecelia sighed, and continued to tweak her tits until she gave up the effort.

Time dragged on, and the shower neared completion. Cecelia heard the door's pathetic lock click, and the handle turn. In her embarrassment, she covered her chest, trying to hide the mass of flesh between her thighs. The rip of the shower curtain produced Erin, standing in her finest sleeping attire - nothing. 

"What's going on Cece?" She said with an accusatory glance, eyes full of fire. "I can't sleep knowing my roommate hates me. If you didn't want things to get weird, you should have said so."

"It's not about that." Cecelia turned away from view, shutting off the water with an annoyed snap of her wrist. "Let's just drop it, I have exams coming up, I could use the sleep." The intersexed girl pushed Erin way with a gentle grazing, wrapping a towel around herself to cover for her modesty.

"Bullshit. I wanted to fulfill a fantasy. You helped, but now you're acting like an asshole about it. If you didn't want it, you could have said so. Your cock is out..." Erin glanced downwards.

Cecelia reflexively pulled her girth beneath the towel, face reddened with shyness and anger, "you sort of springed him on me, Erin. Besides, I was curious. I just didn't know it was going to be a night about you, and nothing to do with me."

"What you want to fuck a guy, or get fucked? Is that it?" Erin stood with her typical haughty nature, hand on a hip and the other wildly gesturing. Her voluptuousness swayed as she waved her arm about. "If that's the case, fucking say something. I don't know your thoughts, I don't know your fantasies. If you want shit, say something. I can't help you're ashamed of that." Her hand flicked the exposed head of Cecelia's cock, poking from beneath the towel she had precariously wrapped around her.

"Fuck you, Erin. Seriously." Cecelia tucked her length away once more, "if you gave a fuck, maybe you would have said so earlier. I can't help that you wanted to get fucked and now you're asking for it from me."

Erin laughed, "if you think I seriously can't find other good cock, or even some good cunt, you're sadly mistaken. I've been sticking around out of guilt. You've been acting like a basket case since the other night."

Out anger, and out of something she didn't know she had, Cecelia threw off her towel and took her cock in both hands. "You don't think I can't have some new thing begging for this, is that it? Because you know I can make a girl salivate." She let one hand grab her sack for emphasis, "you aren't the only princess who can swallow."

"Fuck you, Cece. I like you, you've been chill to live with. But you've been acting like a fucking diva ever since we had a time of it. I don't know what you're on about, but you need to figure your shit out."

Cecelia narrowed her gaze, but her voice only shot higher, "maybe, you slut, I wanted to see if a girl wanted to stick around. Maybe, you bitch, I wanted to have a girl get to know me, and not just use me like a fucktoy. I'm glad I don't have a cunt - because being used is such shit."

"Is that what this is about? You think you've been used? Like that was the first time I've been fucked by two people. Honey, I've swallowed loads of cock. That was nothing new."

"You're so full of shit, Erin." Cecelia began to tear up, shoving Erin away. "I don't give a shit about that."

Erin's face twisted, throwing her arms up in the air, "then what is it? What's so fucking special that you've been acting so distant?"

"My feelings, you fucking jerk." 

The bathroom became tense for a moment. Both girls stood speechless as Erin nervously ran her fingers through her hair, gazing without blinking at the edges of Cecelia's towel. Erin's gaze remained steadfast, her hand still running across her scalp. "So what, you wanna be my girlfriend?"

The two girls blushed, looking at the peripheral of one another. Cecelia began to move her hand up and down the edge of her towel, "yeah. I do. I don't want to be toyed with, Erin. I want to be more than your thrill."

Without pause, Erin instinctively pulled Cecelia close, resting her head on Cecelia's shoulder. Erin placed a hand on the nape of her neck, and the small of her back, gently massaging both. The pair stood in silence for a moment, a wave of intimate knowing washed over them. Erin looked Cecelia in the eye, "You were never a toy, or even a passing fancy, Cece. I like you. Believe me. This is all a bit new for me as well. Not just the lesbian, or whatever, thing. But, being with someone is something I haven't really done before."

Pushing the girl aside, Cecelia moved from the bathroom and onto her desk chair that stood next to the bed. Erin followed slowly, submissively. "So what do I have to do, Erin?"

Erin was distracted, Cecelia's head was poking out of the towel and onto the edge of the chair. As shy as Cecelia was about her secret, she was all-too-frequently immodest when the two were alone. "...I mean, nothing. I'm just not used to it yet."

Cecelia caught Erin's glances, and only became angrier. "Can you not just take me seriously for one fucking second?" She stood up and tore the towel off of her, casting it onto the floor. The stormed across the narrow dorm room and grabbed Erin by the back of her neck, "I'm trying to tell you how I feel, and you just want to stare at my cock. Thanks a lot, asshole." She slapped Erin across the thigh with her cock, "is this what you want? Just to fuck me and laugh?"

The wince Erin displayed wasn't out of pain, it wasn't out of shame, but out of an attempt to hide the droplet of precum that was starting to roll down her labia. She couldn't quite understand it herself, but Cecelia's new forcefulness had managed to land in a needful place. She was used to the standard attempt as a rough trade from partners in the past, but this had true earnest passion behind the anger. Sheepishly, almost uncharacteristically, Erin looked Cecelia in the eyes and whimpered: "you know how I feel about you."

A struggle was playing out in Cecelia as well. Both girls could notice that they were exciting one another. Cecelia had thickened substantially, her sack tightening and a pulse evident in her shaft. There was an unspoken lust in this argument of feelings. Yet, Cecelia was still full of anger, of a feeling of humiliation. She took her length in her both hands as she pushed Erin back. With one heavy burst, Cecelia spit onto her own head as she massaged her saliva into her skin, growing with each pull. It wasn't long before her fingers and thumbs could no longer touch, and a solid vein stood out in throbbing display.

"Suck it." Cecelia's voice was stone, her eyes distant and unmoving.

Erin crawled on all fours across the floor until she crouched underneath Cecelia's swaying pride. With one hand rubbing beneath the engorged head, and the other pulling on her own nipple, Erin obliged her demands. The beginnings of her technique were always to tease and immobilize with pleasure, so Erin ran her tongue down the ridges and edges of Cecelia's head. Precum dripped like a fountain as Erin kissed every droplet away as it began to run down to her hand. The taste was salty, but somehow sweet. Erin kept pleasing as she felt her own thighs unconsciously rub together from her excitement, the moisture building to a steady trickle.

Looking up, Erin could see Cecelia's icy glare had softened a great deal. While her eyes still hadn't focused on Erin's handiwork, they were hooded and slitted in the rapture of pleasure that she had been receiving. The subservient Erin tried to lead her lover to the edge of the bed, but Cecelia only pushed here away again. Eyes now refocused with a clear need, Cecelia turned Erin around and pushed her face onto the floor in a rapid advance. Erin felt the rough carpet abrade her cheek as she landed, and then felt her hips being pulled to the air. She heard another sound of her partner spitting, and a warm trail land above her ass, dropping down the crevice. Relentlessly, without warning, a thumb penetrated her, the hand and palm grasping her by the tailbone. A few heavy thumps of Cecelia's cock on her cunt, and then the rubbing of that oversized head across a pliant pussy. With one thrust, and a sharp pain, Cecelia was inside her.

The woman was riding her relentlessly, her girth causing an intoxicating mixture of pain and euphoric arousal at her cunt being stretched out so unprepared. Cecelia was on the balls of her feet, hunched over the prone Erin, one hand on the back of her head and gripping at her hair, the other grabbing and scratching Erin's upright ass. "How does it feel for you to be used, huh?" Cecelia's voice was breathless, distant, as if the very urge to fuck had taken control. "How does it feel to be a plaything?"

Erin could muster no response. She tried to form the words she was feeling, but could only gasp helplessly at the intensity of sensation.

"That's what I thought, you just want to take it, fucking slut." Cecelia sounded enraged, and her thrusts only served to reinforce that emotion. This wasn't the tender and almost stumbling Cecelia that Erin had known, this was a Cecelia taking what she felt owed. "You just want a big, thick fucking cock for you, huh? You just want to fuck me like the silicon you keep in your drawer, yeah?"

Whimpering, Erin cried out, "no, you're nothing like that. You're what I want, I swear."

A short bursting laugh, "yeah, you think you can be with a freak like me?" Cecelia removed herself from Erin's well fucked cunt and began rubbing her cock alongside the cleft she had furrowed.

Erin looked over her shoulder, her left cheek ruddy from the floor, "no, baby. You've always been my Cece." Of whatever Erin was hoping to accomplish, Cecelia was ambivalent. The knob of a head stopped at the bud of her ass, poised and ready to burrow deeply. "We haven't done that before, wait a second!" Her voice was shaking, caught between nervousness and excitement.

Cecelia hesitated for only a second. Her eyes relaxed for a moment, then froze once more with a renewed sense of purpose. Thumb still buried inside of of her, Erin felt her cheeks spread further as both of Cecelia's hands pulled her apart, "Cece, just wait for a -" A three-inch-wide plow bore down and into her with a pain that bordered on unbearable. As that shocking jolt moved down her spine, to her chest, and settling in her neck with a pounding of each capillary, Erin moaned as much as she screamed.

A heavy scent of musk filled the air around them as Cecelia wordlessly, recklessly thrust into Erin's asshole. Erin's hands bunched into fists, elbows on the floor, as she gripped the sheets hanging off of the bed beside her. Cecelia latched her hands onto Erin's thighs, eyes boring into the mess of saliva and precum she had made. Erin herself kept arching her back towards her partner, gritting her teeth as she groaned from pleasure. One hand found its way between her own thighs, toying with her clit as the other ran gently across her own teeth. Between Cecelia's thrusting and Erin's churning, the two ended up in a grinding motion that kept the both of them entranced. Both girls started to move faster, deeper, and more desperately. Cecelia couldn't help but groan and pick up her pace; Erin responded in turn, feeling herself come closer to orgasm.

"I'm going to come, I'm going to come; where do you want me to? Quick, I'm going to come." Cecelia's words were sweet, urgent, and nearly panicked.

"Just come inside, please." Erin didn't have the strength to lift her head, shouting her words into the cheaply carpeted floor beneath her. 

The eruption inside of her was well felt. Cecelia attempted in vain to keep up her pace, gasping with each stroke as she slowed to a stop. Erin felt a well of come build inside of her, flowing like a waterfall as Cecelia withdrew herself. Ejaculate splashed onto the floor as a semi-rigid rod tumbled out of Erin.

Cecelia kneeled on the floor, her eyes sparking with intent. "Lick it up."

"It's in the carpet, Cece. How the fuck am -"

Cecelia grabbed a knot of Erin's hair and pushed her down into the growing stain on the carpet. Erin sucked the wetness from the fabric as another trail of her own built up inside of her. The domination, the abandonment at which she was fucked - it all made for a sensation she hadn't experienced before with a lover. 

In kind, Cecelia stroked her semi-erect self in response to the display Erin was producing. As Erin gulped down what she could of the sperm that had soaked in the carpet, Cecelia pulled her close and kissed her, picking her up with both arms and depositing her onto the bed. "It's been awhile. I'm going to need one more turn."

"Take it." Erin grinned fiendishly as she lowered herself onto her back, raising her legs into the air and to her shoulders. "Fuck me any way you want it. Take it. You own it."

Smirking, Cecelia looked gently at the body on full reveal. Erin was still as toned as she ever had been, the muscles of her stomach heaving with excitement, breasts shaking. The thick lips Cecelia had grown to admire glistened and showed a dark shade of pink. As always, Erin was meticulous in her grooming, with a perfect triangle of blonde hair covering her mons. The long, firm legs were tanned to perfection, muscled from hours of weekly elliptical and squats. Still holding herself with one hand, Cecelia pulled Erin to the edge of the bed and rubbed the tip of her head along Erin's clit as she began to twist a nipple with the other; a sharp gasp and tension followed. 

"Get ready." Cecelia got to her knees, still working herself and Erin, and sucked the waiting thighs. She moved her tongue slowly down the smooth skin until she met with Erin's cunt; then, she drew circles along the edge of her lips, delighting in the strong taste of Erin's thrilled frame. With her tongue inside of Erin, Cecelia ran her upper teeth along the swollen clit. The splayed Erin writhed and giggled, quickly turning to staccato breaths. 

Dutifully holding her legs up, Erin began to dig her fingernails into her own skin as her toes curled. Legs trembled and locked, "just keep at it, please. It's so close, it's so fucking close." The initial salvo was thick and creamy, and continued to flood the crevice of her body, "Cecelia!"

Cecelia stood up in front of the bed and dropped her heavy, semi-rigid girth onto Erin's pelvis with a loud clap. "Now spit on it."

Struggling to raise herself to her elbows, Erin looked up in a daze of ecstasy, "anything you want." Taking the immense length from below in her hands, Erin lovingly spat a dollop onto the dark red flesh with a kiss. 

The rapacious Cecelia once again shoved Erin back into the bed. She hooked both legs into the crook of her arms and pulled her upwards. With some maneuvering, she dove deep inside the waiting cunt with an inconsiderate push. Erin stifled a groan of pain as she gripped the sheets that had become a tangled mess around her. She watched as Cecelia rammed her from above, seeing her lips part further than she could have imagined, the thick creamy fluids of her orgasm painting the impressive cock in froth. The room was filled with the sounds of a sack slapping against an ass and the sighing moans of two women.

Erin couldn't take here eyes away, she was fascinated by the soft bodied Cecelia managing to gain so much strength as to fuck her like this. Cecelia's full lips were contorted into a smirk of pure confidence, her small tits drenched in sweat, the veins of her arms protruding with her efforts. She looked powerful, she looked beautiful, and she looked enthralled. 

Without warning, Cecelia let go of Erin and climbed atop her, sitting on her chest. Her now pulsing member was flying proudly, so Cecelia pushed it down between Erin's tits and simply said, "pleasure me."

Once more, she did as she was told. Erin pushed her weighty tits around Cecelia's cock and began to massage her. Cecelia clearly had enjoyed the sensation, as she began to rock her hips in rhythm with Erin's motion. Rather cheekily, Erin raised her head and opened her mouth as a waiting vessel for the glans that was offered.

After a bit of the frottage, Cecelia turned Erin onto her stomach. The two of them had planted their legs on the floor, Erin's body underneath Cecelia on the bed. Cecelia pulled Erin's hair away with one hand, and held her waist with the other, pressing all of her weight onto Erin as she bit and kissed her neck. This time, the penetration of her well-fucked pussy was without any pain, the sensation deeply pleasing and a void being filled. Cecelia began grinding herself into Erin, thrusting and coursing down on her. The girls kissed over Erin's shoulder as Cecelia accelerated her pace. The girls eyes became hooded, short moans peppered between their frantic kisses.

"Erin... Erin..."

"Yes, Cecelia, yes, please."

"Erin, I want to come in you."

"Like I said, it's, it's, yours, do it."

Erin's thighs tensed, her back arched into Cecelia's modest chest as the girl on top pressed down and spurred deep. Their tongues wrapped around one another as they kissed, loudly moaning. Down the side of the bed, a combination of both of the fluids ran to the floor.

Rolling over, Erin lazily detached from Cecelia. She took her face in both hands and kissed her deeply, sliding one foot up and down her leg as her arms pulled her in closely.
