 Mathew Guntherson sat on an over turned hay wagon. He looked down at the sword in one hand and his open faced helm in the other. The drying hobgoblin blood hid the elfish runes carved down the center of his sword. To be in fact you couldn't tell if the sword was a fine elfin made blade or cheap imitation from all the green blood. Mathew allowed his eyes to travel up his arms, both were covered as well. The thick gloves, the heavy bracers that were strapped over his chain mail shirt was completely covered. The green stain went all the way up his arms. He just stared at it, not caring as it dried. How many he thought? He could only remember twelve or fifteen of them; one look at the open field said more, a lot more. Mathew shifted his grip on his helm, some of the dried hobgoblin blood flaked off. He watched it fall to the earth. It looked so different than his own red blood. 

Looking around he saw several people walking the battle field looking for survivors. He watched them pull a dead hobgoblins off someone and started administering healing potions. Most likely the last ones his late mother and father had made. Mathew squeezed his eyes closed at that thought, then someone put a hand on his shoulder. 

"Don't think of it yet love, soon as we clear the battle field, and get injured inside we can take the time to mourn the dead." 

Mathew turned and looked into Felicia's eyes, the woman he loved. Her pale green eyes told him, she knew what he was thinking. Her long pale yellow hair was falling out from under the slit faced helm she wore. He saw her light pink lips, through the front slit, the double recurve bowed lips went from that curvy upper lip to a wide smile, then she leaned forward and kissed him from inside the helm. Both said 'ouch' as the sharp lip of the helm bit their lips together. 

Mathew laughed, "There is something we haven't tried yet!" 

Felicia laughed as she pulled the helm off her head, her long hair flew out of the neat braid she had tied that morning before armoring up. Felicia's long blonde hair had always turned Mathew on, he loved running his fingers through it, or just playing with. Looking down her tight body to see if she had any cuts, the form fitting scale mail hugged her massive chest and even accentuated it, the form fitting scale mail enhanced her natural curves, making it appear if she was even bigger in the chest. The mail hugged her tiny waist, then flared out at her second point of shoulder. It wrapped her lower chest plate and ran along her long back to her flat croup, then down her shapely rump. Her lower forearms, had gilded steel vam-braces that ran all the way down to her front fet-locks hiding her sexy front legs. The scale mail hugged her shapely rump, hiding her back legs. Something Mathew was grateful for at this moment, since her fine ass was his biggest turn on. The post battle adrenaline rush just hit him checking out Felicia's body and he was getting very horny just looking at her like this. 

"What," Felicia laughed, "Sex in armor, or making out through a helm?" 

Mathew grinned, "Why both might be interesting, is that an offer?" 

Felicia put her free hand along Mathew's face cupping his strong jaw bone, pulling him in for a long kiss. Since the battles end, she was feeling a little randy as well, it was too early in the year for her to go into full heat. It had to be post battle adrenaline rush that made her pussy positively itch to have Mathews hard penis in it. As she walked up, she was checking him out, the ancient chain mail shirt hugged his six foot three frame. The chain hid the broad chest muscles and his chiseled arms, but outlined his hard body. The thick leather pants, with steel plates riveted to it barley fit his toned legs. His long black hair was tousled from wearing his helm. For a human Mathew stood out, being taller, and heavier built. Growing up working on his parents magic herb farm had made him, leaner, and stronger than most 'city' humans Felicia met, the one or two times her parents allowed her to accompany them to the human city. 

"Why sex in armor of course," Felicia said with a sultry grin, "I think your cock might be able to penetrate my armor." 

Mathew laughed at Felicia's joke, "Why don't we head over to the pond and find..." 

Just then, a sound of someone trotting up interrupting them. Mathew looked up at Sir Fellis. Whereas Felicia was only ten hands to her withers, Sir Fellis was closer to fifteen hands tall to his withers, average for most centaurs. As he trotted up, he saw his only daughter and her human lover sharing a warm kiss. He closed his eyes biting back a comment, remembering his mate's words... 

"Leave them be Johnathon, it is a miracle she reached maturity with the Human Dominate Gene Malaise. She is the right size for a human lover, whereas no Centaur would even consider her as a mate with 'HGDM', this might be her only chance at love." 

"But mother, she is so tiny, fragile even." 

"Johnathon Fellis, she is a fully grown centaur. She can run and jump just like the boys. She can put in a full days harvest, just like the rest of us. Fragile, hummff! You know as well as I do, what sort of life she would have had if we decided to stay in Midvale. The herd would have shunned her. No other foals would have played with her, let alone befriended her. She had a decent life here in the valley, no thanks to your Uncle for that. Most of the families here accepted her, and made her feel welcomed in their homes. Tell me how many in Midvale would have done that?" 

Sir Fellis looked down shamed face, mumbling, "none." 

Perth walked over and hugged her strong husband, Felicia grew up here, and without the stigma of 'HGDM' she would have if we stayed in Midvale. Mathew and his family have been a big supporter of yours ever since you took over from your Uncle Duncan. They had made us feel welcome, Caroline and Gunther had even come down, to help treat the boys when they came down with the red spotted pox. They and their potions saved the boy's life. Did our neighbors come over and help? No! They have been our good friends ever since we moved here. And now after all these years we find Mathew and Felicia are in love! What did you expect? They had no one else to play with, Mathew and Felicia grew up together. We practically threw them together every chance we could!" 

"Now I wouldn't go saying that Mother." 

"Don't you lie to me Johnathon ..., why just three years ago when you men folk got together to raise that new storage barn, what did you tell Felicia to do?" 

"nothing...," 

"Day old horse droppings Johnathon Fellis, you told her to go play with Mathew! Just because you didn't want her around the construction site, because you was afraid of her getting hurt. Did you know she spent the day crying in his arms, because she felt you didn't think she was strong enough to help? And who did you think taught her all those fancy moves with a sword and shield? Mathew, not because he didn't think she was strong enough, but because he believed she was." 

Sir Fellis looked down at his hooves, not saying anything. 

"Perth hugged Sir Ellis once again, "Be happy for her papa..., we don't know how this will turn out; good or bad. We both know the stigmata of human, centaur love affairs that are out there, in the real world, but for now, here in the valley. Let them have their moment. We can't predict how long it will last, or how they will react once the whole world finds out. But for Felicia, this might be her only chance to feel love, real love, from someone else, not just from her family. And for a full grown centaur, you know that yourself, that means a lot." 

Sir Fellis opened his eyes, and smiled at his daughter and..., and, her human lover. 

"Felicia, will go, and help you're your mother with the wounded, your..., mate and I have something to do." 

Felicia smiled at Mathew and walked over to her father placing a hand on his chest and smiled looking up at him. 

Sir Fellis looked down at his tiny daughter her single gesture, it was a sign of respect in Centaur culture, "Go help your mother," looking up at the battle field seeing one or two hobgoblins still moving, "what your mate and I have to do is no proper job for a lady." 

Felicia nodded, "Yes Father." She turned and looked at Mathew, winked and proceeded to trot up to the main house. 

Sir Fellis threw an oiled rag at Mathew, "Clean that blade of yours, we have a job to do." 

As Mathew wiped the elfin blade, the goblin blood just fell off. Once it was clean he sheathed the sword, Sir Fellis returned as he jumped off the over turned cart, handing him a broad bladed spear. 

"Now that the boys have pulled the last of our wounded out, you know what we have to do." 

Mathew nodded and put his helm back on, taking a firm grip of the spear in his gloved hands as they both walked towards the battle field. The job they had was a grizzly one. Mathew worked down the row of fallen hobgoblins making sure each was truly dead. Tarn and Rullis, Felicia's brothers, came and started dragging the dead goblins to a cart where they stripped the bodies of armor and any loot. Several male centaurs were pulling the carts loaded with dead hobgoblins to the far end of the valley away from the houses and barns. It was late afternoon when Mathew was finished, he was loading the last of the goblins onto one of the empty wagons. 

During his grizzly duty, Mr. Durzy's wife, had come by offering water and a large cup of five grain porridge, a staple of a centaur diet. Mathew could only finish about a half a cup, most centaurs eating one or two full cups. Mrs. Durzy smiled down at Mathew as he said, "thank you," and turned to go back to work. Mathew was a handsome young man she thought, if only he was regular height...centaur size, she wouldn't have minded a roll in the hay with the young man. All of the family's in the little valley have heard the rumors of him and Felicia. Many have expressed their happiness over it, only a few had something to say against it. More along the lines of centaur, human affair. 

It had taken eight years for most of them to accept a centaur in their 'herd' with HGDM, but she had beaten the odds and made it to adulthood, now shocking the herd, she took a human as a lover! Well good for them she thought. Amber watched Mathew as he bend over to move another dead hobgoblin, she licked her lips looking at his fine tight ass. Felicia was a lucky girl if she gets to rub 'that' naked ass whenever she wanted. 

Mathew stood next to the loaded cart cleaning the spear and himself up as best he could as Sir Fellis, Tarn, and Rullis trotted up, to pull the last cart down to the little clearing. 

Sir Fellis nodded, "Good we are just about done here. Tarn, Rullis, pull this cart down to Mr. Bigge." Seeing that Mathew was trying to clean the chainmail. "Mathew, why don't run up to the 'guest house' and grab a bath." 

Mathew nodded but looked across the valley to the hill, overlooking the valley where his parents' house was. 

Sir Fellis nodded yes, seeing his look, "We will go take a look at your parents' house..., I guess yours now, in the morning. That way, it will give any hobgoblin stragglers time to leave the area. I don't know about you, but I am wore out dispatching goblin's for the day. " 

Mathew laughed, and started walking up the valley towards the houses as the three centaurs pulled the loaded cart the other way. He could see the dark smoke cloud rising from the funeral pyre. Turning back the way he was walking Mathew snorted at Sir Fellis's words. Guest house! Not good enough to stay in the family house he thought? Earlier today, he admitted that he was Felicia's mate, but not good enough to stay under the same roof as his family? Mathew walked the short hike to the main living area, past the low rock wall that separated the fields and house grounds. The main house was a wide, single story, tall building. The main doors were over nine feet tall and the bottom of most windows, were five feet above the ground. But when your average centaur is around seven and a half foot tall, your homes tend to be very tall. 

The main house had twelve individual and double sleeping stall situated around a central kitchen, living area. Whereas the guest house only had four double wide sleeping stalls. Mathew turned made his way to the smaller house, leaving the hustle and bustle of centaurs surrounding the main house. It seemed that every family had abounded their private dwellings to take refuse at the main house. Mathew leaned the spear next to the front door and reached up to unlatch the front door of the guest house. As the front door swung open he saw the most beautiful, naked, centaur woman standing in front of a wash bowl washing her naked body. 

Mathew grinned to himself, why that ole romantic, he deliberately gave them the guest house for privacy. Mathew stared at Felicia, her creamy white skin stood out from her light brown lower horse half. Her full, very firm breasts stood proud from her tiny waist. She had large areolas with large pinkie thick nipples. If she was measured by a human standards, they would have said she was a thirty six 'D'. She had a human waist of around twenty six inches or so that flared out to a forty five and a half inch horse waist. Even before Mathew took one foot into the guest house Felicia shouted. 

"Stop right there mister!" 

This shocked Mathew. 

"Armor, and clothes off before you come in! I don't want any of that green shit in here!" 

Mathew looked around as if wondering where he was going to strip out of his armor. 

Felicia pointed to the side of the house, "Outside over to the left, I have my armor there now. We can clean it later." 

Mathew was about to protest about getting naked outside... when Felicia said, "Everyone here walks around half naked every day, if you are going to live with a Centaur, learn to live like a Centaur, man up and take your stupid human superstitions outside and strip." 

Mathew closed the door and walked to the side of the house, sure enough Felicia had set several poles across two rain water barrels. Her scale mail was draped over one. Mathew set his helm next to Felicia's and proceeded to remove his chainmail. Next his padded shirt and armored pants. Looking down he noticed even his under clothes were stained with goblin blood. Looking around he didn't see any one looking directly at him, so he drew a deep breath and removed those as well. Feeling somewhat self-conscious he quickly hand washed his shirt and under clothes with soap and water leaving them hanging on one pole. He felt funny standing their naked, washing clothes. He concentrated extra hard on the job at hand, so, certain other thing wouldn't rise to the occasion. When he was done, he tried to casually walk to the front door, as soon as it was open he jumped inside. Felicia looked at his naked body as he stepped in, she smiled and thought she was never going to get tired looked at it, so different than a centaurs, yet familiar enough. One look at him and his very hard manhood, she knew what he had in mind. 

Her nipples harden in the cool air as the water dried on them, making her hind region tingle "No," she said out loud. She looked at Mathew thinking he was covered in green gore, and I still feel dirty in certain places that I can't reach. Holding up a clean rag, "Here, I need you to scrub me down since father forbade anyone going to the pond to wash, in case some goblins remain." 

Mathew grinned, "Do you think thais is wise?" 

Felicia shook her head no, but said, "Well nothing is going to happen till we are both clean," and she shuddered with that thought. 

Mathew walked across the smooth cut stone floor and took the large hand towel Felicia was holding. Dipping the rag into the basin he started washing her front shoulders and working his way down her front lower forearms. Mathew was an expert at washing Felicia, he had to help her clean up many of times after making love with her at his family's smaller pond near the ridge top next to his house. Rolling around in the grass next to the pond got dirt and mud on her, in certain places that she couldn't show up at home and easily explain away. As he finished her fore arms and chest plate he got down on his knees and washed her lower chest, moving backwards to his favorite place to wash. He turned and washed her stifle and rear legs savoring the last parts, her croup and butt. 

Felicia quickly grabbed the rag out of his hands saying, "Before we go any further..." 

Mathew looked at her ass with longing, Felicia's tail was franticly swishing side to side, and she was literally dancing hoof to hoof. Looking down Mathew was in the same condition, his proud member stood straight out and twitched with every breath he took. 

Felicia blew Mathew a kiss, then forced him to lean over the basin as she pour a little water over his head, then soap, and started washing his long dark hair. Pouring clean water over his head she stood him straight up and started washing his muscular chest. Felicia always like this part, she loved to see Mathew twitch or his soft moans of pleasure when she rubbed the right spot. Luckily Mathew was the same height as her, she didn't have to look up to see any facial reactions like she did with all of family and centaur friends. She loved looking into his amber colored eyes, were eyes they were called. He came from a family of mages, his mother had a slight touch of magic, but his uncle was a full blown mage of the highest degree. Mathew's eyes went from pale yellow to dark amber, depending on his mood, right now they were bright yellow with his excitement. 

Felicia dipped the rag into the water and applied some soap to it and washed his arms then his strong chest. Mathew closed his eyes as she took the first few swipes. He tried to think of other things as she slowly washed him, and teased certain body parts. Felicia rinsed the rag and wiped the soap away, then carefully got down on her front knees, folding her hind legs under her she got ready to do her favorite part. 

Mathew wanted to rip the rag from Felicia's grasp and do this part himself, he knew, he couldn't last under her teasing ministrations much longer. Felicia soaped his waist and each leg then slowly started up his inner thigh to his dancing manhood. With a touch of were in Mathew's blood, his throbbing manhood was larger than most humans, his nine inch phallus was standing straight out. Begging for her to touch it, and more. Felicia carefully soaped up his straining manhood then rinsed the rag and dribbled cool clean water all over it, taking extra care in rinsing his scrotum. Grabbing a dry towel, she laid over her withers, she patted dry his legs and slowly patted dry his massive manhood. Felicia loved, making love to Mathew the human, they were probably the only couple in the valley that could trade fellatio without one or both partners contorting in some awkward manner. 

With the dry towel holding his balls Felicia leaned in kissed the tip of Mathew's manhood, his whole penis jumped with the slight contact, and Mathew moaned through his teeth. A thrill went down Felicai's human spine, then down her lower spine all the way to her femininity. She loved that she was able to do this with Mathew. With just a kiss, a drop of pre-cum came to the tip. She knew with just a little more effort he would cum, looking up at him with a nasty grin, she leaned in and took his manhood completely into her mouth. Opening her throat she slid his huge cock down her throat running her tongue in circles as she slowly pulled out. 

Mathew was literally dancing foot to foot, placing a hand in Felicia's wet hair, "Felicia no, please, stop I am too excited and I..." 

Felicia grinned as another drop of pre-cum formed on his penis's tip, "I know love so let me finish. That way you won't waste a drop when you finish washing my back side." Felicia leaned in and licked the pre-cum off the tip, she loved the thick salty taste of Mathews cum. Then opened her throat and slid his cock back in. As she slowly pulled out she could feel his cock dance in her mouth, she knew, he couldn't last much longer, he was hyper excited and frustrated just like she was all day. Even now she could feel her juices leak out from her pussy and down her haunches soaking the hair on her legs. She started short stroking his shaft, taking in only half of it, allowing her to speed up her administra tions towards Mathew. Mathew's hissing and short moans turned to soft grunts as he neared. Felicia felt his balls twitch and she applied more pressure to the nerve filled veins on the bottom of his shaft with her tongue. That took Mathew over the top and his massive cock strained as he shot his first load of his salty cum down her throat. 
