 Mathew woke earlier than the sun did, something woke him but he didn't know what. They had spent the evening up at the main house celebrating their tiny victory. But as the evening wore on most of the men who fought earlier had quietly slipped away to their own stalls as yesterday's endeavors took their toll and their strength and stamina failed. Mathew kissed Felicia and made his way down to the guest house, with just enough strength left he was able to strip naked and roll out his travel bed-roll. He woke later when Felicia came to bed. She had kneeled down to kiss him. But when he woke she was standing next to him asleep. Felicia like to sleep standing up, something no human could ever do. The few times they had passed out together after making love to each other, he always woke to find her standing over or next to him sleeping. With her upper body leaning back and her head nodding forward. Her hair would slide off her back to frame her beautiful face. 

All the day's cares and worries left her face as she slept. Mathew's heart broke every time he saw her sleeping, she was so beautiful. Mathew carefully slipped out from next to her and pulled on some under clothes. Since the guest house didn't have a well inside, he grabbed his shaving kit and padded outside. With several buckets of water for the guest house filled he washed in the cold water then shaved. In just his armored pants and boots he went inside and cleaned up the wash basin and area around it for Felicia when she woke. Two buckets of fresh water later he decided to check out his parents' house to see how it faired from yesterday's raid. Once he settled the chain mail and strapped on his bracers he slipped the open face helm on and grabbed the broad-bladed spear by the front door. He quietly walked to the barn, behind the main house to see if his father's horse was stabled there. He lost track of the older medium war horse when the hobgoblins attacked. The old horse wasn't there, he might have gone home looking for his old master. Mathew swallowed, just like dusty he would do the same. But as he looked across the valley to the northern hillside where his parent's house stood, he knew he wouldn't find them home waiting for him, just two fresh graves. 

Mathew shouldered the spear and started walking north across the valley After nearly an hour he came to the crossroads, one leading to Sir Fellis's farm, one to the valleys opening, and the lower plains, the last one was uphill towards home. Mathew followed that one. As he came to the lower glade, below the family house, he saw Dusty. The old war horse didn't make it home, it looked like a few Hobgoblin's had used the old horse as a practice dummy for their short bows. As he neared his father's old horse, he knew he was wrong, they not only used him as a practice dummy for their bows but as a free meal as well. One whole rear haunch was hacked off and was missing. Mathew closed his eyes, such a tragic end for such a majestic mount. 

Looking around, making sure no one was watching, he removed his helm and gloves. Putting a bit of power into the air he scanned several hundred feet around him in every direction. With the sure knowledge that no one was near, he laid both hands on the long, cold, dead body, of the horse and started to chant. The Spell was a minor one, something every third-year mage student could do. As soon as the last of the chant left his lips he stepped back to allow the spell time to work. He carefully backed away till he was at the limit of his spell range. As the spell formed, the klatha he willed into the spell started transforming the free, lifeless organic matter into heat. Ever so slowly the spell started turning the lifeless body into heat. As the spell consumed more of the organic material, the faster it converted it into heat. As the spell hit critical mass Mathew slowly started pulling free klatha back into himself controlling the spells potential. Just at critical mass, the body folded upon itself, pulling all free lifeless organic material into its self. Once the spell consumed the lifeless body Mathew pulled all the klatha from the spell as fast as he could, effectively canceling the spell. Mathew kneeled in the open glade resting his elbow on one knee, holding his head up with the other. It has been a long time since he used magic. Magic just like muscles needed to be exercised regularly, Something Mathew didn't do. Plus he didn't want someone to report a failed second-year student to the mage college, seen using third and fourth-year spells. Once he was ready he slipped the helm back on and crossed the field. Looking to where Dusty had lain, he made sure there wasn't even a dark spot from his spell. 

Mathew kept walking up the hill, he knew no one was near, the birds were flitting from tree to tree and the spell he used earlier. But as he came to the last step landing, he knew he wasn't alone, the long dark stone house looked like it was built right out from the rock face. The heavy rock construction and thick glass walls were of Centaur construction. Something Great Grandfather insisted on. But as he neared the house, he noticed the front door was open, he could hear some hissing coming from inside. Then the sound of broken crockery being moved. Mathew laid the spear down and drew the ancient elfin sword. Stepping close to the open doorway he took a quick look inside. 

But as soon as turned to look, he heard a voice say, "Come in Mathew, and put that toy away." 

Mathew smiled because he knew that voice, sheathing the sword, Mathew walked into his Uncle Roberts hug. 

"I am glad you see you, Mathew, I was worried." 

"Uncle Robert, What are you doing here?" 

"I wrote a couple of days ago, when I didn't get an immediate response from you, I waited a couple of days, then I came here looking for you. I am sorry for waking you up, but I had to know." 

"That is ok Uncle, I was planning on coming home today anyways." 

Robert nodded yes, "The trees and valley told me who recently passed through here, and you can't wash that stench away fast enough." 

"About fifty attacked the farms down below." 

"Anyone serious hurt or?" 

"No Uncle Robert, a couple serious, but mothers healing potions fixed them up." 

Mathew walked into the Kitchen where he was cleaning up, "A couple of them broke into the house and raided the pantry. They were still here when I got here this morning." 

Mathew looked around. 

"Lazarith had breakfast," he replied with a grin 

Mathew nodded, Uncle Robert was a top notch mage, he specialized in potion making, but he minored in demon summoning. Lazarith was his favorite demon to summon. Mathew shuddered with that thought. 

"Unfortunately a half a dozen were still in the barn having breakfast, I am afraid you are going to need a new cart horse." 

Mathew nodded, "And a new riding horse." 

Robert nodded, "I felt your spells this morning. You nearly perfected you control over both. I am sorry about my late brother-in-law's horse. He was a fine horse." 

"Do we need to clean up in the barn?" 

"No, Lazarith is now a full Demon Lord and has a small hoard of fiends he can call on. They all ate well this morn." 

Mathew just nodded. He had seen Lazarith several times and had no wish to learn to summon demons. The creature was hideous, and not to mention its stench and the foul personality. 

Robert swept the all the broken crockery and stuff into one large pile, using the dust he swept it into a circle around the pile of broken crockery. 

"Disintegrate that will you Mathew." 

Disintegrate was a top level spell, the force required wasn't very much, but one had to really be able to control all the focal planes while casting that spell or you could cause a big hole in either your floor or roof, not to mention controlling the spell itself, within the containing ring. Mathew leveled his hand above the pile of rubbish and concentrated on feeling the ring, the floor and the height of rubbish. The spell came easily to his lips. Robert had his eyes closed watching Mathew complete the spell, once he had all the right focal planes aligned he shouted the last keyword. The rubbish disappeared in a flash of controlled heat and light. 

Robert casually swept over the spot, everything including the dust was gone. "Very good Mathew!" 

Mathew resisted the urge to gloat, and just nodded accepting the compliment. 

"Well, the question now is what are you going to do?" 

"Uncle?" 

Robert put the broom back into the side closet and pointed to the front door. "Well, first off Mathew," he said as they stepped outside and headed over to the bench under the large oak tree. "This little raid wasn't the Goblin nations only raid, three parties came over Crown pass. A larger one went straight down the hills and hit Harbor town, a second went north and hit the elfin city of Woodshome. And apparently, a smaller raiding force came south looking for an easier way to Midvale." 

Mathew nodded, "Were many hurt at Harbor Town? Woodshome?" 

"Harbor town took the brunt of it, not many walked away or sailed. The Elf's knew better and had always posted sentries. Not to say they took some heavy losses, but they were better prepared. The main force must have found a new way out of the central mountains on the eastern side, an even larger force came off the center peaks and are moving east across the lower kingdoms burning and killing as they go. The High King is across the sea defending the upper kingdoms and no one knows if he is returning with the army to defend the lower kingdom." 

"Why doesn't the Mage College send someone to inform his Majesty?" 

"They did, but it will take at least a week, or two, till they cross the equator, once they cross the equator the delegation can teleport directly to the High Kings court." 

"What about organizing the remaining troops to mount a proper defense?" 

Robert laughed, "You ask that, after spending three years in that school?" 

Mathew laughed, "True." Mathew spent three years at that School. After his first year, he knew he didn't want to grow up in the strict, rigid, world of mages. Where one's rank and power determined what you did after college. Even after living in Kingsholme he knew he didn't want to live in a city with other humans. He missed the freedom of the open hills, the open skies, and clean air. "Just like your mother," Uncle Robert said to him at that time. "She hated the city as well." 

His Uncle helped him to learn how to hide his powers, to show no more than an apprentice with only a 'touch-of-power' could throw. Midway through his second year, he was moved to the Alchemy department. But it still took another year and a half for the college to decide that his diminishing powers couldn't even keep him employed at a potion shop. With just a small touch, he was moved into the Botany department to train as a field collector. Along with Botany, he got a year and a half of fencing lessons, horseback riding, and field survival skills. Everything he would need to know to be a field Botanist. 

Unbeknown to the college he had continued his magic lessons with tutelage from his uncle and mother. Both were top mages, but only one had a degree. As for his fencing lessons his father had a lifetime of skill to draw on. He was working as a caravan guard transporting magical herbs from field operations when he first met his mother, the rest was history there. Once Sir Fellis, moved to the valley, the whole family received weekly lessons. Sir Fellis had a firm belief that every person in the valley should know how to shoot a bow or handle a sword. It was also a good reason to have a family lunch day with everyone who lived in the valley. But when he wasn't working on the herb farm he spent his days in magical studies. 

"So back to the question at hand Mathew. What do you want to do now?" 

"Uncle?" 

"With what you demonstrated to me, you could walk into the College and demand the trails. You will have no problems passing them." 

"And be forced to live in that class system Uncle Robert?" 

Robert laughed, "With what you showed me in there, I am sure you could demand any posting you wish. " 

"Would I be allowed to remain here on the farm?" 

"No Mathew, I don't think so... with rumors that the ogres had joined with the orcs in the north, sooner or later the Ogre Magi will or already have joined the battle against the people living in the north. If that is the case, the College will call everyone with just a touch of mage blood to the Mage army in support of the Kings army." 

Mathew shook his head, "I don't know Uncle, I know I can't stand living in the city with so many humans living next to me. I feel trapped, boxed in... I don't." 

"Ochlophobia Mathew or I heard it called enochilphobia. The fear of crowds. I don't think you really have it, I think it is from growing up in the country. But I feel for you, I hate living in the city as well. So, are you thinking of taking over the family farm?" 

"Yes Uncle, I can't see myself living anywhere else, or that matter doing anything else. I love living here in the valley." 

"Well, that isn't a bad decision and one that will help the family business." Seeing Mathew's confused look. "What it really means is, I don't have to hire a slight-mage family to run the herb farm." 

Mathew grinned. 

"That brings up a different set of problems. And that is going to take a trip to Kingsholm for you. Your mother and father didn't live a rich lifestyle. But this farm produces a special herb that for ounce to ounce is worth three times more than gold. They have a sizable bank account in the mages bank and we are going to have to get it transferred to you to so we can start buying supplies and a few horses to get this farm back up and running." 

"Today?" 

"No Mathew, not today." Robert laughed, "I have a few more important errands to finish today. You see I am supposed to be talking to the esteemed leaders of the Centaur nation. I got official sanction from the Mage council to come out west today. I sort of combined both reasons to travel west. Once I assured myself, of your safety I was going to teleport to Midvale and inform them of the Goblin army still at Harbor Town." 

"Is the council trying to get the Centaur's to help the Elves?" 

Robert laughed, "You know the council Mathew, they take no direct hand in governing, or organizing the people in any situation. This is a courtesy call only. I was mandated to only inform them the presence of an army and the current situation in the west, east and what is rumored up north." 

Mathew nodded. 

That means..." Robert frowned, licked his finger and touched the air above his head. "Expecting company? 

Mathew stood and added a few klatha to his Uncles spell to tune-in his 'thoughts' into the spell, turning his head slowly till he felt the disturbances coming into his uncle's range. Mathew envied his Uncle's spell range, "I wish I had your spell range, Uncle." 

Robert laughed, "Stop wearing steel, any steel, and your spell range will grow." 

Mathew looked down at the mail shirt and sword. 

"Great Grandfathers sword is fine, it is elfin made, but that mail shirt, your belt buckle, and boot buckles ground you, dissipating your powers and range. Buy all your clothes and armor from the elf's, they know about iron grounding. 

Mathew closed his eyes again, noticing the direction the four entities that were coming from, he thought it might be his mate and some of her family, "I think it is the main reason why I wish to remain here on the farm Uncle, and maybe her escort." 

Robert stood, "Her?" 

Mathew smiled, "Yes Uncle, her. But please hold any, um, judgments." 

Mathew and His Uncle stood watching as four Centaurs galloped up. He noticed one, was an abnormally small female centaur. A victim of the Human Gene Variance. A bad mixing of blood. Mixing two dominate species together without looking at the long-term dormant species traits. Dwarfism in the human gene make up tended to come out in one and a million births, this the gods didn't take into account when they made the Centaur people. Robert knew that most Centaur 'herds' tended to isolate and shun victims of this mutation. Their life expectancy was usually measured in months instead of years. But this female seems to have beat the odds and looked like she might live a full life. 

Sir Ellis, trotted up seeing Mathew with a stranger. He wore the over-robes of a Magnus Elite. Could this be Caroline's brother? 

All four centaurs galloped right up to them. Sir Fellis nodded to both, "Mathew you left the farm early this morning and didn't tell anyone where you was going and we were worried." 

Robert held up a hand, "I am so sorry, I came to check on my nephew here, when I didn't find him here at the house I sent a spell out to find and summon him. Don't blame him for the use of my spell summoning him. Are you by chance Sir Johnathon Fellis?" 

"I am..." 

"Wonderful, my late sister told me you took over the hops farms down below. And Grand Magnus Dorthan told me to seek you out after looking in on my nephew here." 

"And you are?" 

"Oh, I am Robert Hanson, a mage in the Order of Magnus Elite. Mathew's Uncle." 

"Well met Mage Robert. Now why did the High King's magic advisor tell you to seek me out?" 

"I need some advice." Looking over at his sons and daughter, he motion for Sir Fellis to accompany him over towards the barn. 

Felicia walked up, staring angrily at Mathew, "I was so worried when I woke up and you were gone!" 

"I am sorry love." Mathew made a pleading look, "Blame my Uncle, it was 'his' spell that woke and summoned me." 

Felicia smiled and reached in and hugged him, "I do. But I was so worried..." Felicia took his face in both hands and kissed him. 

"Oh get a room," Tarn said. 

"They have one," Rullis commented back, "didn't you hear them yesterday?" 

"That was them? Thought two barn cats were fighting." 

"Rather listen to, two cats fighting than these two!" 

"Tarn, Rullis!" 

Both brothers grinned at each other, then at their sister and mate. 

"Thank you for coming up here to save me," Mathew said. 

Tarn grinned, "Father made us." 

"Said he didn't want to listen to pipsqueak here cry over your dead body for getting killed by a lone goblin," Rullis said with a nasty grin at his sister. 

Mathew laughed, "Think I could have handled one goblin...at least." 

"No, you couldn't we saw you fight yesterday!" Both brothers said in unison. 

All four laughed. 

"Any damage from yesterday? Tarn asked. 

"Some," Mathew explained, "Uncle Robert said he found a couple raiding the pantry and a half a dozen or so still in the barn this morning. They killed and ate my father's war horse and our cart horse." 

Tarn and Rullis looked over at the barn and in the house. "Do we need to burn the bodies?" 

Mathew shook his head no, "Uncle Robert took care of them, he has a familiar Demon Lord, he told me he was full when he went back to the demon plane." 

"Ahh, I want to see his pet demon!" 

"No you don't," Mathew said, "Lazarith is just hideous, he stinks to all get out, and is just plain rude and obnoxious to talk to." 

All three asked, "Have you talked to it...him?" 

"Unfortunately several times. Something I have no wish to repeat." 

"Is he that bad love?" 

Mathew nodded yes, "A truly foul creature, in looks and temperament. He curses and uses foul insults to anyone." 

"Including your Uncle?" 

"Yes, but I think Uncle Robert enjoys it. Because Uncle Robert's comments back are just as foul and hurtful." 

Felicia was about to ask another question but Sir Fellis and Mathew's uncle were walking back to them. 

Sir Fellis offered Robert his hand, "Good luck with Centaur counsel mage Robert." 

"Your Welcome Sir Fellis, and thank you for looking after my nephew here. Mathew, be ready early tomorrow morning, I will teleport here at first light. To take you and Felicia to Kingsholm's to get your accounts settled and get the required supplies to get the farm back up and running." 
