 Mathew and Felicia spent the afternoon checking out the farm. The first place Mathew took Felicia was the herb processing room in the back of the barn. The barn itself was built right up next to the low cliff face. In front of a small natural cave. A heavy door separated the cold, dry cave from the spacious barn. The door design was strange when Felicia saw it; it was held closed with two 'Tee' handle screws. Mathew turned the screws and pulled the thick door open. The small cave was bright and sunny from what appeared to be a natural hole in the ceiling that was glassed over with thick clear glass chunks. On one side, several shelves held bottles of different sizes and colors filled with various liquids and powders. Once Felicia was inside Mathew pulled the door close. Felicia looked at Mathew. "It keeps the moisture out of the cave," he explained.

Felicia nodded. The opposite side of the cave from the table and shelfs, long, thick cotton strings, which ran across a grotto type of opening in the cave's wall. There were hundreds of bone white, root-like structures hanging from each string. Felicia walked over staring at them. Each root like structure was fragile looking, one touch, and it would crumble to dust. 

"What are they? 

"It is Dragon Claw root. My family has harvested this root for over four generations. It is a major component in the heal potions trade. Very rare and hard to grow. My Great Grandfather discovered this plateau, behind the house. With the help of my Great Grandmother, they learned how to farm this rare weed. It takes a competent mage and a skilled botanist, to grow and maintain a field of this parasitic plant." 

Felicia was going to reach out and touch one. 

"No love, don't touch that!"

Felicia quickly pulled her hand back. Mathew pulled her down the line to the back of the cave. Here, some of the root-like structures were slightly yellowish. "When they are white, the roots are still very toxic to touch. Only when it turns slightly brown can we crush the roots and package them for the potion making business. The easiest way to know when they are ready, is to come here on a moonless night. The white one's glow at night with the residue magic inside while there is no moonlight." Pointing to the rock window, "hence the reason for the moon roof." 

"Magic?"

"Yes, Magic. The reason this root is so rare, it only grows where people didn't live, like in areas where Dragons live. And the top portion has little prickles that are sickle-shaped, looking like dragon claws. Thus its name Dragon claw. We harvest just a small part of the roots every late winter and end of the summer. We ship spring and fall." 

"But where do you harvest it?"

Mathew took Felicia's hand, after securing the Herb room door again. He walked her up to the little path to the Oak Forest on the western plateau above their house. Felicia got her first look at the forbidden Oak Forest. Each family who moved to the Valley took a vow to stay out of the old Oak Forrest above the Lindrose house. Everyone knew they grew magical herbs for the potion trade, and the plateau was toxic to most people. In truth, it wasn't toxic. It was so sensitive to intrusions that just walking near the Dragon Claw vines could kill them. Felicia looked upon the forbidden forest for the first time. The ancient Oak Forest was a tightly packed forest with each tree growing into its neighbor. Each tree was overgrown in light green vines. 

At the head of each row was a tiny rock cairn. However, in truth, these old trees grew straight along the magical ley lines that crossed the plateau. Mathew's family had discovered this plateau and learned to nurture and harvest the rare vines. Mathew dug into his pocket and pulled out a finely cut dark purple Sapphire on a silver chain. 

"This was my great grandmothers, I want you to have it." 

"Oh, Mathew it is beautiful!"

Mathew placed it in her hand, "But it comes with a price and reason.

Felicia smiled thinking she knew the price, but the reason? Felicia turned, looking into Mathew's eyes, with her come-hither smile, "Name your price, and then tell me the reason."

Mathew laughed, "Well the price is a few weeks of lessons, and I am sorry to say they won't be fun because you're going to need to learn to control it. The reason is this, the forest, and what we do here. You are going to have to learn to cast a minor spell every time we come to the Oak Forest.

Felicia frowned looking at it. Mathew pulled the second one out. It was smaller, and the stone was completely round. Slipping his over his head, he then he picked up Felicia's stone and cupped it in his hands. He chanted a small spell over it. Then touched his saying the same minor spell. He placed the necklace over her head. The Purple Sapphire hug perfectly between her breasts. "The stones have a small spell in them. They let us cross the ley lines and not disturb its faint magical flow. In essence, these stones hide us from the magic of the forest."

Taking her hand, he led Felicia onto the plateau. He led her down the line of trees, stopping at each cairn to touch it. They passed a small lean-to shed. A new looking two-wheel cart sat under the low roof. The big difference was the silver wheel hoops instead of iron. They walked for over a half a candle when Mathew touched the next cairn. 

"The hobgoblins came down this row of trees."

Felicia looked at Mathew.

"Come here, touch this, feel the flow?"

Mathew canted a tactile spell. "Yes I feel something.... It feels fuzzy, or rough?" "Yes, something affected the ley lines flow."

He canted a minor spell trying to calm the magic flow. He shook his head, "There is something more that disturbed the flow. We need to find out what."

It took them almost an hour to find a tree where some hobgoblins hacked at an overhanging tree limb. Mathew looked at the deep cuts. "There was no reason for them to do this." Looking at the ground, he started looking for the missing chunks. After finding one, Felicia started looking as well. It took them nearly half a candle to find all twenty missing pieces. Mathew carefully started matching the missing pieces to each cut. When he found a match, he fitted the missing piece and chanted a botany healing spell. As he healed the last piece, he put his other hand on the branch. "I don't know, my old friend, we might have to lose this arm."

Felicia looked at him? 

"Some of those cuts were deep, and a couple of the chipped pieces were in the sun. They might be too dry for this old dame to heal." 

"Is there anything else we can do?

Mathew shook his head no. "I have done all I could for the day; only time will tell. We will come back in a couple of days once we get home from Kingsholm. If we get our cart horse, we can bring saws and wood for supports, or if the wounds don't heal if we have to take the branch."

It took them another two hours to walk the line of trees until they came to a fast-flowing stream that came off the Central Mounts. The stream marked the north side of the farm. As on the southern side, this side also had little stone Cairns at each line of trees. They walked along the stream side to where the Plateau fell off into a low set of rolling hills that ran down to the western plains. The hike back took just as long. They made the house just about midafternoon. Mathew got to work on the switching the bedrooms. 

Felicia went into the kitchen to see what was in the Pantry. With limited supplies, she got a thick barley and bean soup going for dinner but put together some bread and cheese slices as a snack for both. After their impromptu meal, she cleaned up the kitchen. It was nice having a well-pump right inside the kitchen. After she had finished cleaning the kitchen, she went up front only to see Mathew struggling to get his smaller bed into to the larger bedroom. "Can I help love?"

Mathew looked up from the bedroom; his face was red from the effort. Felicia unhooked a leg from the door post and pushed it into the room for him. Smiling at him, she noticed her brothers coming up the road with a small cart full of her personal stuff.

"My stuff! When you get done playing, could you come out and give me a hand?

Mathew looked over his shoulder as he wrestled the bed into the corner. Felicia was smiling as she walked out to greet her brothers. 

"Mathew will come out here and help my Brothers? They can't fit through the door.

Mathew walked out, still red-faced and a little sweaty. Two large steamer trunks, and enough food to supply the main house for a six-month protracted siege. A freestanding stall and several rush mats. Mathew carried the last gain storage jar into the Pantry struggling as to where to put it. Tarn easily lifted the heavy stall wall section and set it by the door, but it took both, Felicia and him to carry them in section by section. Mathew saw Rullis try to fit himself through his doorway with no luck. 

"Sorry Felicia, Mathew, I am just too tall to fit through your door."

Both Felicia and he had to duck to get through the door as it was. "I guess we are going to have to plan on a few days to modify this old house, so we can invite your family over for dinner," Mathew said grinning watching Rullis trying to extract himself from the doorway. 

Rullis had gotten his massive shoulders through the door but his lower horse half wouldn't fit, so as he tried to back out he had to contort his human upper half around some and still pull his lower half out. As soon as his head cleared the door he stood up straight, forgetting the doors rain ease hitting his head on it.

All three laughed at Rullis. 

"Stop trying to sneak a peek at their bedroom Rullis," Tarn said, "and use the windows like the rest of us do!"

"Tarn! Rullis! Really," Felicia shouted!

"Prude!"

Mathew laughed at Felicia and her brothers teasing. Life in a centaur long house took some getting used to. Couples having sex a few stalls over wasn't anything new to them, but the first time he spent the night after some party he and his parents attended and that happened. He had to learn to readjust his thinking about centaur home life. 

Mathew and Felicia struggled to get the freestanding stall through the door and assembled, then went out to get the rush mats. Mathew grabbed all three. He walked back out, only to see Tarn and Rullis pulling the cart down the road turning and waving back at him. Felicia watched them trot down the hill. Turning she saw Mathew standing there. His shirt was completely sweated through. His hair was disheveled, and he was still red in the face from all that effort. Felicia walked over and looked at Mathew smiling, "too bad we don't have a spare horse, we could of run down to the lower pond and cool off."

"I got something better." 

"What is that?" 

Mathew winked and took her hand. He led her down past the barn onto the trail to the stream and the little pond. As they rounded the corner in the path, she couldn't believe her eyes. The last time she had visited Mathew's pond, it was only ankle deep and only about ten feet wide. However, now it was nearly thirty feet across! And it appeared that someone had dug out the little pond and remade it into a deeper pool. All the large boulders that filled the mud bottom pond were missing and was replaced with fine gravel. Both sides now had smaller boulders lining them. 

"Mathew! Did you do this?" 

Mathew grinned, "No, not really, well, ya, with my mother's help. After your little visit last month, I sort of mentioned to my mom that I was almost caught trying out that water breath spell, and wished our pond was deeper so... well, she took me down here and showed me how to use the dis-bond spell to break up larger rocks up, and how to use them as a weapon. We spend several hours practicing it. However, now we have our own bathing and swimming pool." 

Felicia looked at it, "You know Centaurs can't swim?" 

"I know," Mathew replied, "That is why I made the right half shallower, about chest high on me. I put that line of boulders there, to separate the deeper part with the shallower half, and give us a dry walk way across the pond." Felicia walked up to the edge. She could see the pebble bottom through the clear water. Their favorite glassy patch was gone due to them widening the pond, but would soon regrow since they packed fresh soil around the small rock wall. Felicia turned and watched Mathew remove his clothes standing on the walkway, then jump into the deeper end. 

She walked to the upper end of the pond and noticed several flat rocks that made up a natural-looking table just the right height for a centaur, be it a short one. She removed her shirt and chest wrap. The pond was only ankle deep at this end, as she walked closer to foot path, the pond got deeper until it came to just under her breasts. The perfect height for her to bathe. She kneeled down dunked her head under the water. It felt refreshing. Then walked over to the walk way to watch Mathew swim. Something Centaurs couldn't do because of her human half, being off balanced with her horse half. Mathew swam to the walk way and slipped through the breaks in the walk path. To stand next to Felicia. The cool water dripped from her head and dribbled off her massive breasts. He hesitantly reached out and touched a water drop that was hanging off her nipple. 

Felicia smiled and turned towards Mathew, "I don't know what it is about water and me, but...," Mathew reached up and placed his finger on her lips, "shhhhhhh." Then pulled Felicia into a warm embrace.

Felicia didn't need to look down to know Mathew felt just the same as she did about playing in water. She could feel his massive hard on rubbing on her lower chest plate. Her neither regions clinched in response from Mathew's passionate kiss. His rough hands started rubbing her smooth back, the water making them glide over her silky skin, then he started working his way to her sides. She knew what he was after. Felicia wanted the same, as his hands reached the sides of her breasts, her volva clenched. His slow pace wanted to make her scream with agony. When he finely reached her nipples, she was dancing with need. 

"Mathew, please..." 

Mathew grinned and leaned down to kiss her nipples. He didn't know who was turned on the most. His cock was aching to be touched, but just kissing and licking Felicia's massive breasts was making her rear legs dance with anticipation. Kissing, licking and biting her nipples was literally making her dance with need.

Felicia couldn't take it anymore and tried to lift him up to the walk path. Mathew reluctantly stopped fondling her and helped her lift himself up. Sitting on the walk path brought his aching cock out of the water, Felicia didn't waste any time and leaned down, putting both hands around his base, she took him in her mouth.

Felicia's lips slid over his cock, and her smooth hands started pumping his massive shaft. There was no teasing her. She wanted all of him now. With her gifted hands and talented lounge, she worked his manhood for all it was worth. With each stroke, she tightened her grip a little and sucked harder. In less time than he thought she was working him to the point of no return. 

"Felicia!" Mathew exclaimed.

Felicia sucked him all the way to the base if his massive cock, then slowly pulled back running her tongue in circles on his sensitive vain. Popping him out of her mouth, she just smiled at Mathew and sucked him in again, knowing what she was doing to him. Felicia increased her pace only stopping to scoop small hand full of water to keep Mathew's cock lubricated as she stroked and sucked him. Felicia had wanted to taste him all day, and now, that she had him like this. She wasn't wasting anytime.

Felicia felt him starting to tense up, then after a few more strokes she felt him stiffen in her mouth. She pulled her mouth back to his tip as the first wave of his orgasm started. His thick salty essence flowed from his tip, as Felicia tried to take it all. His thick salty cum made Felicia feel nasty as she took all of his seed. Something other Centaur women couldn't do with their lovers. The thought made her pussy contract with a pre-orgasm shiver.

Felicia lessen her grip, but kept up slowly stroking his massive manhood and licking his tip, knowing that it will keep him hard and ready for round two..., her favorite part. 

Mathew's heart rate dropped down and the waves of pleasure calmed down enough releasing his tense muscles allowing him to move again. Felicia's tender ministrations kept sending random jolts through one muscle or another, keeping him twitching now and then.

Mathew sat up and pulled a grinning Felicia off his dick. Pushing her back a bit he slid off the walk way to cool his twitching cock. Leaning in to kiss her for the wonderful blow job, Felicia had other things in mind and directed his warm lips to aching nipples. Felicia squeezed Mathew's head into her massive chest, wanting to get all of her into his talented mouth.

Mathew struggled to breath for a moment, then got his hands working, squeezing and kneading her breasts. 

"Mathew, I need you now. Please, take me there. Ravish me...."

So he slowly started pushing her towards the shallow end knowing that if they continue on this path she was going to be kneeling down when her legs give out. As soon as they were only in waist deep water Mathew took Felicia's nipple between his teeth and sucked harder.

Felicia screamed, "OH Mathew!" And tried to push him off, her nipples ached, but not as much as her neither regions did with need. As soon as she got his mouth to disengage she turned around, "No teasing Mathew. I need you in me now!"

Mathew took her hips in both hands and lined himself up, without any preamble he thrusted himself in balls deep. Felicia screamed with pleasure as she had her first orgasm.

"Oh my Mathew! OH. Oh! Ahhhhh!

Mathew was glad he had hold of Felicia's hips because he nearly passed out. As soon as he was all the way in, her vagina clamped tight around his cock, threatening to pinch all the blood out of his organ. Felicia bucked and danced with in her orgasm with Mathew attached to her at the hips. Mathew struggled to keep his toes out from under Felicia's rear hooves as she danced and bucked. Making him to struggle to hold on, thus rubbing Felicia's sensitive clit even more. Which keep her orgasm going.

Felicia kept screaming 'oh's and ah's' over and over till her body slowly started coming down from her orgasm. As soon as she stopped dancing Mathew took that opportunity to start thrusting himself in and out, not letting her over sensitized volva relax from her last orgasm, he knew she couldn't last long like this. He could already feel her building up another mind blowing orgasm, but at this pace he knew couldn't hold out either. Pay backs were a bitch he thought.

Felicia felt her over sensitized muscles contract as another orgasm hit her. Just as she started to scream out Mathew pushed himself deep within her, just hitting her cervix taking her over the top as she felt his ejaculation bathe her cervix in cum. "MATHEW!" she screamed.

Mathew didn't hear her for his ears were ringing as his release rocked his body. Mathew held on as Felicia twitched and danced beneath him. Every movement brought a new sensation to his over sensitize cock. Every movement brought pain and pleasure to him. Felicia's vulva muscles contracted in time with his ejaculations. 

Mathew struggled to get his feet under him as Felicia started to kneel down. He missed a step as she kneeled on her front legs, thinking he would catch her back. Her back legs gave out, and she dropped fast.

Both Mathew and Felicia crash-landed in waist-deep water.

###############

In an old castle, in the center of the city of 'Kingsholm', in the part of town now called 'old town,' an old man walked down an old corridor. His long white hair matched his white robes. The only contrast in color was a Black Oak walking stick. The old man used the cane to help his slow steps. He came to a door that led into one of the larger turrets. He closed the door looking around to make sure he was alone. Satisfied, he stood straight and flipped the cane into an umbrella stand with no hint of the frail steps he was just using. And with no sign of weakness, he walked over and sat at a large desk. 
