 Lying naked on the sofa, Darius watched as Michelle pulled her sexy white lace underwear up her well-toned legs, up her rounded butt cheeks and around her slender, curvaceous hips. Her honey blonde hair, finally unleashed from the tight knot that had restrained it earlier, fell gracefully down her elegant back, stopping just short of her embroidered lingerie, making a bright contrast between pearly white and golden yellow. Her spine arched smoothly as she reached behind her back to fasten her bra, which was also white and adorned with floral lace. Her skin was glistening with sweat from the lustful sex they had enjoyed just moments before.

Darius had been with many women since coming to New Paris, the fastest growing city on Centauri Prime. The city was flush with beautiful men and women, and the city's reputation for sexual extravagance was well known. The number of full-nude night clubs and fetish parlors had increased tenfold in the past two years alone. Some people saw it as a drag on the city's reputation, but there could be no doubt that New Paris was flourishing. The fashion and tailoring industries were particularly thriving, and women, as well as men, seemed to wear more creatively revealing clothing with each passing year. Fabrics were often semi-transparent, and clung to the shapely forms of females and to the muscular chests of males.

Michelle's beauty out shined them all though. Her face was radiant, with naturally rosy cheeks and luscious red lips. Her skin was flawless, and her body sublime. She moved with such grace and confidence that it was hard for a man not to become aroused just by watching her motions. Standing just a few inches shy of five and a half feet, her slender frame did not weigh much more than one hundred pounds. Her muscles were toned and fit, showing that she was in excellent physical condition, and her breasts were the size of succulent apples.

"I'd almost forgotten how amazing it feels to be with you," she said to Darius sincerely. "Nobody else has ever made can me feel the sensations you give me. It almost makes me think you are using some kind of magic or alien technology to mess with my brain." She turned and smiled at him playfully. "Are you?"

"Nope, no magic. It's all Darius love, babe. Although I may have slipped some spice into your drink," he joked.

"Oh yea? I'm not sure if that would have made it feel any better." Her smile faded momentarily. "You don't use that horrible drug do you?"

"Well, everything in moderation." His lips cracked into a slight smile.

She glared at him. "Not funny."

Conceding his ground, he responded, "Yea, you're right. But try everything once, I always say. I dallied in it a bit when I first moved to New Paris eight years ago -- just before I met you, I believe. It is difficult to avoid the drug when it is sold in every bar, club, and adult shop you walk into. But I gave it up quickly -- it dulls the wits. Although it does make sex feel amazing." He sat up on the couch, intending to put his clothes back on.

"I'll show you what feels amazing," she said matter-of-factly, and walked over to him.

Putting a hand on his chest, she pushed him back down onto the couch, and swung her legs over his torso. She positioned her hips and warm pussy over his flaccid member; only the thin, soft material of her white lace panties was between her moist flesh and his manhood. Slowly, she began to circle her hips on top of him, making sure to put just the right of amount pressure on his rapidly growing cock.

"How about that? You ever feel that on spice?" she said seductively, and leaned closer to him, putting her hands on his neck.

"Ah, no way. Not ever." Surprisingly, he found himself meaning it.

"Good answer."

She kissed him with her tantalizing red lips as she felt his erection getting longer and harder underneath her sensual motions. Her abundant blonde locks flowed down around his torso, caressing his rib cage. As she continued to kiss and suck on his lips, she slid her tongue into his mouth and moaned softly. She rocked her hips on his member, bringing it to full attention. Her warm crotch moved up and down the length of his shaft, which sent waves of pleasure through her entire body. She loved the feeling of her skin touching his, loved running her fingers down the hard muscles of his chest and how his strong hands felt on her supple body.

Suddenly she leaned back, and tossed her long hair around her head with a twirl. With her legs on either side of Darius, and her silk covered crotch pressing hard against his groin, she arched her back as much she could and put one hand behind her back to support her weight. Her other hand began to touch and play with her breasts through her shear white bra.

"Mmm, does that feel good baby?" she cooed and smiled at him naughtily.

"Incredible," he said watching her heated movements. His penis was throbbing with the fervor of her teasing.

She stuck two fingers in her mouth, moved them in and out several times to moisten them with her saliva. Then she reached down to the front of her panties and reached her fingers inside to rub her clitoris as she continued to slide her hips on top of his engorged shaft. Michelle's pleasure intensified immediately. The whole of her body became electrified, and she loved the feeling of Darius' stiff erection pressing against her wet pussy lips. Moaning, she rubbed her clit faster and started to press herself into Darius even harder.

Jesus, she is so fucking beautiful, Darius thought to himself, How did I ever forget about this woman? Oh yea...my brain was fucking hacked! But now she had returned to him, and the memories were returning as well. He relaxed on the sofa in complete enjoyment, allowing the stunning blonde in matching white lingerie to tease him in this way for many minutes. He held onto her slender hips and occasionally he would sit up and explore her cleavage with his talented tongue.

He admired her sensuality. She didn't use it as a weapon to manipulate men as some women did, but instead used it to express her extreme emotions for the man she loved. It gave her immense pleasure just to know she made her partner feel good, and she took pride in being the best at it. She would do anything for Darius, sexually speaking, and had fun doing it. Now her eyes were closed, and she was bringing herself closer and closer to orgasm as she fingered her swollen clit. Soft whimpers of pleasure fell from her mouth.

"Your cock feels so good baby and it's not even inside me," she said through a trembling voice and continued to grind into him.

Fuck I'm gonna cum!! she yelled in her head. Picking up the pace her rhythmic motions, she placed both of her hands on Darius' chest, and stared longingly into his eyes. As her pleasure built, she couldn't take it anymore, and reached down to her crotch and stuck his hard cock into her dripping wet hole. Thrusting downward, she felt every inch of him penetrate all the way into her pussy, and as soon as she felt her clit touch his groin, surge after surge of ecstasy began to pulsate through the entire core of her body, emanating from her clitoris and her cock filled pussy, spreading to her stomach, her lungs, her arms, her legs, up her spine through her neck, and finally into her brain, where the vividness of her orgasm erupted like a bomb. Her mouth was wide open and she couldn't help but scream in delight as she experienced an incredibly intense orgasm from the top of her head to the soles of her feet.

Darius could feel her body shuddering while he was inside of her, and could feel the warm walls of her slit contract around him. Her expression told him everything about how she was feeling in that moment, as her face was locked in a state of deep sexual bliss.

Slowly, after nearly a minute, she calmed and the wonderful sensations began to fade from her body.

"Ah...holy shit," she said between rapid breaths, "I was just going to tease you for a while, but you turn me on so much I just couldn't help myself." Not moving her legs from the position she was in, she collapsed backward onto the couch, chest facing up and her back between Darius' legs. She put her arms on her stomach and breathed deeply, allowing the last few tingles of orgasm to ease out of her.

Propping himself up on his elbows, he looked at her glistening body -- her chest was heaving up and down from the effort of her sexual work.

"Damn Michelle, I'd call that a successful tease. That was hot as hell. You really going to just leave me hanging like this though?" he asked, referring to his stiff erection that was still inside of her.

Laughing, she looked up at him with glimmering eyes, "Well I guess that wouldn't be fair now would it?"

She lifted her legs from around him, and started to position her body so she could give him what he wanted using her mouth. As she sat up, a shrill beeping noise came from her purse sitting across the room, pulling her attention away.

"Shit," she said. "That is Strafe. This can't be good if he is calling, I have to answer it. Hold on."

Quickly she jumped up and trotted barefoot across the cold floor-tiles to her hand bag, leaving a confused and aroused Darius lying alone on the sofa. Crouching down, she stuck a hand in and pulled out a black cylindrical-shaped device, about eight inches long, with rounded ends that were flashing green. The device beeped and vibrated in her hand, prompting her to answer it. Staying low, she pressed a button on the center of the metal shaft, the green tip turned white, and a screen materialized in front of her face. After a brief moment of static, the screen morphed and defined itself into a 3-dimensional image of a man's head.

"Michelle," said a stern voice. It was Strafe; Darius recognized the voice.

"Yes, it's me. What is it?"

The projection of the head flickered slightly. He spoke again and his voice had a slight amount of technological reverb to it.

"Michelle, I just received word. Bureau agents have been dispatched to Darius' building. I assume you successfully removed his memory inhibitor; good work. But its time to stop dicking around, you two need to get out of there NOW; they will be there in a matter of minutes. I've managed to hack a nearby fly-car and am remotely flying it to your location. It will rendezvous with you on the roof. Get up there PRONTO!"

"What?! Shit! Ok, thanks Strafe. Michelle out." She touched the device and the head disappeared. Not hesitating for a moment, she stood up and ran over to Darius. "Hey, did you hear that? We need to go, now!"

"Yea I heard it. First they blocked my memory, now they are blocking my cock. The Bureau can go fuck themselves." Darius sat up swiftly and made a mad scramble for his clothing. Michelle did the same.

In less than a minute, they were both fully dressed and preparing to make a run for it. Darius was sure to grab his gun and shoulder holster, and he noticed Michelle was strapping her own firearm around her hips on the outside of her white blouse. He picked up his backpack and hurriedly tossed a few essential possessions in -- who knows when he would be able to return to his apartment. Luckily he wasn't too attached to any of his personal objects, although he would miss some of the art he had collected. Maybe he would be able to come back if the Bureau didn't completely ransack his apartment, which was likely.

He watched Michelle quickly doing up her heeled boots around her tight black leggings. "Can you run in those?" he asked her, nodding towards the boots.

"Watch me," she stated simply.

Shrugging at her, as if to say Ok, whatever, he took one last look around the room. So much for the 88th floor penthouse -- it had been a good time, but all good things must come to an end.

"Are you ready? Let's go!" Michelle implored, opening the door to the hallway.

"Yea, yea, I hear you. Just saying bye to the old place. We can get to the roof through the stairwell down the hall and up two flights. Lucky I'm on top!"

"Hey, that's my line," she said, flashing him a charming smile. Together the duo ran into the corridor.

Darius could still not believe all that had transpired in the past hour. He had gone from being completely comfortable with his life situation, thinking he knew everything about himself, what he was doing and where he was going, to being forced into dropping all of it in just a few minutes. Michelle -- the woman that he had loved passionately for years, yet had no recollection of -- suddenly walked back into his life, popped a tiny computer chip out of his head and opened the flood gates of his memory. Then she told him he was being routinely abducted by the Coulari for some agenda she knew nothing about, and finally she made love to him with that exquisite body and mind of hers.

Now they were making a mad dash to avoid being captured by the people who had blocked his memory in the first place. Could he ask for any more excitement? Something told him there would be quite a bit more whether he wanted it or not.

Michelle moved quickly in front of him as they hurried down the hallway, her athletic legs making long strides in her heeled boots, which did not appear to slow her down in the slightest. When they reached the stairwell, they quickly ascended the two flights to the top of the building. The exit from the stairwell onto the roof was a metal door, sealed and locked by a latch on the right side.

Not wasting a single moment, Michelle whipped out her pistol from the holster clipped onto her belt, and fired a round at the latch. The gun fire was ear-piercingly loud in the enclosed area, and sparks flew from the metal in every direction as the bullet penetrated it deeply and sent the latch flying through the air. With a strong kick of a heeled boot, Michelle threw the door open wide -- to reveal a team of armed Bureau agents jumping out of a vehicle hovering above the roof about a hundred feet away. Members of the team were rapidly closing in on their position with rifles pointed their way.

Eyes popping open wide in alarm, Michelle wisely dropped to the cold metal surface beneath her, as bullets came screaming in over her head. Darius was a step beneath her and felt the air ripple in pressure waves as the bullet impacted the wall just behind Michelle. With lightening fast reflexes, Michelle fired off three rounds from her pistol before Darius reached up and grabbed her, pulling her out of the door way. Energized bullets continued to streak in behind her.

"Holy hell, they got here fast!" piped a startled Michelle. "Either that or Strafe was slow on his warning. I dropped three of them, but there's at least seven more agents headed our way." The couple got to their feet and wasted no time in rushing back down the stair well.

"Guess the roof isn't an option." Darius fretted, and they dashed back into the hallway.

"Yea -- it doesn't matter. They will be coming from the bottom also. Let's get back into your apartment, I have an idea." He wondered what she meant, but she sounded confident in her plan.

When they re-entered his apartment, Darius locked the door behind them. Whatever Michelle was planning, she needed to do it fast. Her hands disappeared into her black leather bag, and she grabbed the rod-like communication device she had used earlier. This time she delicately touched either end of the shaft, pushing in the rounded tips, ran her thumbs slowly toward the center, and said the name "Strafe." The screen lit up, and again a disembodied head materialized before her.

"Strafe, they are on the roof. We are pinned. Can you send the fly-car to the 88th floor, outside Darius' apartment?" Her eyebrows were furrowed in hope and desperation.

"I can do that, assuming they haven't commandeered it. One second," replied the talking head. It looked busy doing something for a few moments. "Alright, you should see it any second. Get your butts OUT of there, Michelle!"

She turned the device off, the head vanished, and she ran across the room to the wide window wall of the penthouse that overlooked the city. Darius stood by the door and watched the view screen that monitored the hallway. He saw several forms appear out of the stairwell and rush down the hall.

"They are here! What are we doing Michelle?"

Running over to where she was standing by the window, he followed her gaze upwards, and could see the blue hover jets of the fly-car descending from above. The vehicle floated down to their level, and stopped a few feet beyond the windows. A loud BANG came from the hallway door.

"Oh crap, this is actually going to work." Darius exclaimed.

"Shut up and shoot the glass!" yelled Michelle.

The two pulled out there pistols and unleashed several rounds at the window pane. The glass was thick, but not meant to withstand the high-energy gun fire, and cracks began to propagate along the length and width of the large pane. Another kick from Michelle's boot sent the glass shattering into the wind and rain of the night. The side of the fly-car slid open, offering them access to their sole route of escape.

A sudden explosion behind them made them both duck to the floor and look over their shoulders. The Bureau agents had blown the apartment door wide open, and were hustling in through the smoke filled entrance like bats from the maw of cave. Locking their palms together firmly, Darius and Michelle stood up and took two quick strides, and leaped for the floating transport.

Darius landed first, and the fly-car rocked to one side, threatening to tip both of them out and send them plummeting to their deaths. Michelle's heels and shorter legs did not do her any favors as she jumped, and she was able to get only her left side into the car. Grasping desperately onto Darius' hand, her right leg flew wildly behind her as she tried to squirm her way into the fly-car. Darius made it in completely, and hastily yanked her up the rest of the way.

Moments later, the agents unleashed hell at them. Bullets pelted the car and Darius took a shot in the left shoulder, sending him sprawling to the back of the vehicle, while another incoming projectile nicked him in the ear. He heard Michelle scream in pain as a bullet pierced the flesh of her right leg before she could safely get it inside.

As soon as they were both fully in the transport, the side of the fly-car slid shut with a woosh, and the remaining gunfire was deflected harmlessly aside by the impact resistant windows. Of its own accord (or Strafe's, Darius imagined), the hovering vehicle tilted downward and accelerated forward so fast that Darius and Michelle were thrown backward in a painful jumble of bodies, limbs and blood.

The car sliced through the air and spiraled down the length of the 90 story apartment sky-riser until it reached the belly of the city twenty feet above the ground. Thousands upon thousands of feet of interweaving metal pipelines separated them from the surface below. Roads were no longer needed with the advent of the hover-car and the fly-car, which meant there was no need to bury utility lines, at least in the cities. This meant there was a vast network of steam lines, electrical lines, water lines, and countless other lines just above the ground, effectively blocking access to the surface --unless you knew where to look.

The fly-car righted itself, and descended slowly the rest of the way, and then moved parallel with the piping infrastructure. Darius looked out the window, wondering where Strafe's commandeered vehicle was taking them. There was no way for him to tell if they were being pursued, but for the moment they appeared to be safe. The fly-car continued to steer itself between the buildings, allowing Michelle and Darius to tend their wounds.

"Gyah," grunted Darius as he pressed firmly on the bullet hole in his shoulder with his hand in a vain attempt to stem the blood that was steadily pouring from the open wound. His entire left arm and shoulder throbbed with pain. A small trickle of blood dripped down his neck from where the other bullet had bitten off a chunk from the top of his left ear lobe. He looked over at Michelle, and saw that she was coming to grips with her own wound - a bloody gash on her right thigh about half way between her waist and her knee.
