 Rhys rubbed his eyes as he reread the same sentence three times. It was a month into the first semester and his brain was slowly filling up with so much information it was going to explode. It wasn't so much the amount of reading he had to do, it was the content. He had assumed that Central Intelligence was just a branch of the F.B.I., but now that he was at their university he realized there was a whole world out there. He needed someone to help him understand and figured Kate was the best choice. His classes included teleportation, psychic powers, the history of C.I., science of intergalactic planets, theory of space ship mechanics, and a general language course. In just one short month, he had found out that they used hostile planets as jails for those that commit serious crimes. He had also found out that teleportation and psychic powers were used to help fight crimes and that you could get a job doing that.

Kate was in all his classes and they had been dating ever since his first day here. Well, actually, she had flirted with him and he was too stunned to respond. By the second week, they had gone on a date and were now officially a couple. Kate was cute and curvy and the fact that her breasts were the size of watermelons definitely helped things. Rhys picked up the phone and dialed her room number.

"Hi sweetie. I'm so confused about Gregory's class. Can you come over and help?" Rhys smiled. Most times when Kate came over it was part studying and part sex. Her lips were just the perfect shade of pink and her light blonde hair framed her face perfectly. He was never going to complain about her insane sex drive.

"Fuck now or later?" Kate was standing in the doorway and was wearing pink shorts and a purple t-shirt. Even though the advances in clothing had come a long way in the years, the styles hadn't changed that much. Casual comfort was still important to university students and Kate looked amazing. Of course, her blunt statement was pretty intriguing as well.

"Now."

Rhys took the few steps towards Kate while Kate stepped into his room and shut the door. They met half way and nuzzled noses. They kissed softly while their hands were frantically undressing each other. They loved kissing softly while undressing not so softly. It was a unique balance where their lips were needing the softness of love making whereas their teenager hormones were saying "give it to me now." The moment they were naked they both opened their mouths and the tongue flicking began. Rhys ran his hands through her blonde hair and moaned as Kate tugged on his cock. She knew exactly what to do to bring him close to orgasm. The tip of his cock was sensitive and she stroked it in short fast strokes. Her hand was covered in his precum and he was sucking on her tongue in rhythm to her hand strokes.

"Fuck me doggie style."

Rhys nodded and pushed Kate against his desk. He kicked her feet apart with his own and stared at her pussy. She shaved it regularly. She was so wet that her inner thighs were glistening. Her clit was throbbing. He slid his throbbing cock into her pussy and pulled her back and forth on his cock. His hands pressed into her flesh and her round bottom bounced against his thighs. Kate gripped his desk and began to moan. She had this way of moaning at each thrust that was so erotic. He thrusted faster until she was hyperventilating.

"God make me cum now!" Kate reached under her and rubbed her clit. Her large breasts were pressed against the desk. Rhys grunted and continued to fuck her hard. Kate pinched her clit and began to cum. She was loud when she came and this was no exception.

"Oh fucking hell that's good!" Rhys grinned a bit and threw back his head. Kate was massaging his balls lightly and the combination of her slow teasing and his rough fucking drove him over the edge. He shot his load into her pussy and held it there. He knew there was no risk of pregnancy, but still loved the feeling of his cum soaking her cervix. He pulled back and sat down in his chair. Kate stumbled over to his bed and lay on her side facing him.

"Damn you know how to fuck me. I love it." Kate was licking her fingers clean since they were covered in her juices and a bit of his cum.

"The fact you always want it helps a lot. I could fuck you for the rest of my life."

"That could be arranged sweetie."

"Mmmm. O.K. I need help with school." Rhys would rather chat about sex with Kate but realistically he needed her help.

"So what do you not understand about teleportation?" Rhys grinned. She sounded so matter of factly when just moments before they were fucking like rabbits. He also knew that at any moment she would decide she needed to cum again and Rhys would be used as her own personal fuck toy. He didn't mind being used by a sexy big-breasted blonde girl. He knew that she could easily download a virtual reality sex program. He was happy that she wanted the real thing.

"It's everything. Seriously Kate, I'm so lost. And the fact that I can do it scares the hell out of me."

"O.K. let's start from the beginning. We live in four dimensions -- length, width, depth, and time. We can alter all four of those dimensions. For the first three dimensions we simply use our bodies or machines. To change the dimension of a bed you simple cut it in half. For the fourth dimension it's a lot harder since there are many more factors to consider. We use our brains to alter that dimension because no matter how many computers are created, our brain is still the most powerful computer."

Rhys nodded. While talking, Kate had gotten dressed again and was sitting crossed legged on his bed. He imagined his cum was soaking her shorts and wondered if there would be a wet spot when she got up.

"Those with the ability can be trained to teleport properly. If we get an A in this class then next year we take both the theoretical and the practical class. If we get lower then an A we only get to take the theory course. Stop drooling over my breasts Rhys."

Rhys blinked. His cock was hard again and no matter what he did it wasn't softening. He slid on his shorts and leaned back in his chair.

"I am listening. It's not my fault my girlfriend is a beautiful blonde bombshell with the sex drive of a horny teenage boy." Rhys stuck his tongue out at her and Kate returned the gesture.

"So with proper training we can teleport ourselves almost anywhere or anytime. Of course, if everyone who could do this went anywhere and anytime, we'd have a disaster. That's where the four cardinal rules of teleporting come in to play."

"Wait! I remember this. Travel log, good, register, time and location."

Rhys looked so proud of himself. It didn't really make sense, but Kate knew what he meant. She grinned at her goofy boyfriend.

"Yes sweetie. You have to keep a travel log that will be audited every year or more often at the discretion of C.I. You have to have a good reason to teleport yourself and make sure that you are not intentionally hurting yourself or others. You have to register yourself with C.I. prior to teleporting yourself and the current restrictions require that you only travel to approved places and only within a thousand years."

"How did you get so smart?"

Katie stood up and climbed into Rhys's lap. She sucked slowly on his earlobe while she reached down and stroked him through his shorts.

"Because I pay attention in class Rhys. You just daydream of fucking me all the time."

"True. So what happens if you travel to a place that isn't approved or past a thousand years? Will you blow up or something?"

"You could teleport yourself to the bottom of the ocean for example. Or teleport yourself to a planet that has no stable atmosphere. In those situations, you'd die. As for traveling within a thousand years, my Dad told me that your brain can explode if you travel that far into time."

Kate was continuing to stroke his cock and Rhys was trying to pay attention.

"Fuck baby. You're distracting me again." Rhys reluctantly pushed Kate off his lap. She grinned and went back to his bed. She had a great memory and knew she'd do well on the next exam. She was willing to tame her sex drive so her boyfriend would pass. 

"I'm sorry. Now how is teleportation possible? We learned this last week. You have to remember."

Rhys thought for a moment. He knew he had this information in his head. It was just hard to find it. His brain was like a pile of papers on a messy desk. I wasn't like Kate's memory, which probably was like a well-organized filing cabinet. Rhys picked through the random pieces of information in his head and finally found what he was looking for.

"Aha! It's like a photocopier. Your brain imagines the time and place and transfers your body to it. So you are really in two places at once, but just like when you photocopy something it's hard to tell what's the copy and what's the original, when you teleport no one can tell you're a copy."

"Very good baby. You know I'd love for us to teleport to the sandy beaches of Datalus. Then we could spend the whole day fucking without interruption."

"We'll go there for our honeymoon."

Rhys walked towards Kate and pushed her onto her back. "I've studied teleportation enough. Now I need to study you."