 Rhys survived the next three years of university. He and Kate got an apartment for second year and since they once again had all their classes together, the same routine ensued. Class during the day, studying and fucking at night. Neither one of them talked about love, but they were both happy in their arrangement. Rhys's parents were so happy to hear that Rhys was enjoying university and, of course, now that Rhys was in his last year, he was being told that if he kept his A average he would be offered a job at C.I. Most of the students were offered jobs, but for Rhys this was extra exciting. He had graduated from high school four years ago without even thinking about getting a job and now here he was, close to earning a university degree and starting a very stable career with C.I., a branch of the F.B.I.

Rhys looked over at Kate. She was curled into a ball on her side of the bed and was sleeping peacefully. Rhys had gone out and purchased a diamond engagement ring and was just waiting for the best time to ask her. He ran his fingers through her blonde hair and realized his cock was throbbing. At first, she had been the nymphomaniac. Once Rhys became comfortable with himself, he became equally needy when it came to sex. He gently rolled her over onto her back and pushed back the sheets. Her breasts were heaving with each breath she took and Rhys held them together and began to suck gently on both nipples at the same time. He pushed her legs apart and knew that the tip of his throbbing member was resting against her clit. Kate moaned in her sleep and Rhys sucked harder. He loved the feel of her soft round breasts against his face and loved how her nipples hardened against his tongue. He let go of her breasts and licked down from her cleavage towards her pussy. He nestled himself between her legs and slowly began to lick her pussy lips.

Kate had been working late the night before and Rhys was asleep when she had gotten home. She was so horny and the drugs she had taken the night before were still in her body. Rhys knew Kate had a job on the other side of town, what he didn't know was what kind of job it was. Kate wasn't willing to tell him and she hated that the sex drugs were still in her body. She woke up to his tongue tracing circles on her clit. At this exact moment, she needed to fuck.

"Fuck me." Kate was staring down at Rhys.

"Not yet baby." Rhys went back to slowly licking her pussy.

"Now!" Kate screamed the words and flipped over onto her hands and knees. "Fuck me now!" Rhys had never seen her so horny, but happily thrust into her. She kept begging for it harder and so he sat up and pulled her so she was sitting on his lap facing away from him. He gripped her inner thighs and pulled them apart.

"Rub my clit. Do it!" Kate was pulling on her nipples and loved the feel of her pussy stretching apart. Rhys was overcome by his hormones and suddenly came hard. He normally could control himself, but Kate's aggressiveness was such a turn on.

"Make me cum." Rhys furiously rubbed Kate's clit. The harder he did it the harder she begged him. She finally came and Rhys watched as her whole body shook. Kate fell back on the bed and whimpered softly. Rhys leaned over and kissed her softly.

"Will that tide you over until the graduation ceremony is over?"

Rhys grinned as Kate shook her head.

***

The graduation ceremony was nothing that Rhys had ever experienced before. It was in a large auditorium, but there were LCD screens set up along the walls. Each screen had an elite member of C.I. viewing the ceremony. The security was extensive and even his parents had commented on how weird it was that not only did they scan their corneas, they also did a fingerprint and blood test. Rhys didn't have it in him to explain that individuals were changing their eyes so they could hide from the authorities. Others were changing their fingerprints or their blood type. No one had safely been able to do all three so the university was forced to check all three. Having so many important C.I. officials in one area was dangerous to begin with and with all the riots from the aliens it was getting worse. The United States had taken it upon itself to take over numerous planets and the natives were not amused.

Rhys was fifth in his class. Considering he had needed a lot of help in most of his classes, this was a big achievement. He had never done well with the theory classes, but he had caught on quickly to teleportation, psychic powers, and he had really enjoyed the third year space ship technician course he had chosen to take as an elective. He walked across the stage and smiled as he shook hands with Mrs. Cassidy. He had not seen her since the day she had told him he was going to attend C.I. University. She smiled and thought to herself how great Rhys would be working in the law enforcement department.

"So we're going to hire him? Do you think he'll be up for it?" Declan was communicating to Jonathan by telepathy. They were watching the graduation ceremonies of 3023 and were excited about one graduate in particular. Rhys Halliday had been recruited after he had been able to teleport himself out of a car crash. Although he struggled with the knowledge of teleportation, his skill was amazing and the department needed him.

"Yes, he will be. I have the perfect case to give him to test him out." Jonathan smiled at Declan and the two men watched as the last student walked across the stage.

***

"Oh Rhys. I'm so happy for you. It's your first day at work. Let me fix your tie." Mrs. Halliday was doting over her son and Rhys was trying to be nice about it. His mother was always a little hyper and knowing her only son had graduated from university and had been offered a great position in the government only made her more excited.

"Mom, I'm fine. Please. I need to teleport myself to work now."

"Do I get to watch? This will be so exciting!" Rhys rolled his eyes as he kissed his mother on the cheek. He nodded and closed his eyes. He imagined the main foyer of C.I. and before he knew it he was there. He opened his eyes and smiled. This was his first time teleporting himself for work purposes and he was grateful he hadn't made a mistake. 

He walked down the hall and entered the offices. The sign on the automatic door clearly stated "Teleportation Department."

"Hi Rhys. Glad you're here. I'm Declan. I'm your case manager. Here, I'll show you your desk." Rhys was led to a small desk in the middle of the room. People were moving around quickly and the moment Rhys sat down a memory chip was placed on his desk.

"This is your first assignment. Please read over the whole document and then fill out a TR 71. Once it is approved, you will teleport yourself to gather the proper information. When you return, you will need to complete a FD9897. You will be evaluated on this file and if you do well your probation will be over."

Rhys nodded and loaded the chip into his computer. He gasped loudly and had to put his hand over his mouth so not to draw attention to himself. Staring at him on the first page of the file was a picture of his girlfriend. His co-workers moved around the office at regular pace. For Rhys time stood still. He stared at the picture and looked into her eyes. These were the same eyes he looked into when she was sucking his cock. These were the same eyes he would look into before their good night kiss. All those images flashed in his mind and disappeared quickly. He imagined his girlfriend doing something illegal to get the codes. He figured she was using her psychic powers or something such as that. At least he hoped that was all she was doing.