 Rhys spent the rest of the day reading and re-reading the file. He learned that Kate worked as a computer hacker and had broken into numerous government agencies. He read how she had convinced a high-powered government official to give her the scan cards to his offices. He had to teleport himself to that time and place and witness the exchange of information. What sickened him the most was that the place was a strip club. Strip clubs had become the lowest of the low when it came to sexual satisfaction. Computer programs and virtual reality had basically made strippers and prostitutes obsolete in society. Rhys practically threw up when he saw the date of his teleportation. It was the day before their graduation. Rhys knew right away that there was a reason for her aggressiveness that morning. Most sex workers took a hormone-based drug so that they were extra horny. The men and women, and some aliens, who frequented those bars, wanted the extreme. The drug was very dangerous, but very powerful.

"Here. It's filled out. This isn't a joke or anything is it?" Rhys was standing outside Declan's office.

"I'm afraid not. We have to give you this file because if you can deal effectively with a situation that is personal then you can deal with anything."

"Fine."

Rhys had filled out the paperwork correctly and was approved to teleport himself. He did it quickly and was standing outside the strip club. He had put on a hat and jacket to disguise himself. He knew to use his psychic powers to make sure that no one really noticed him. He entered the bar and sat in the corner.

The bar was dark and dingy. Some of the lights were burned out and the smell of dust and alcohol and bodily fluids filled his nose. He tried not to gag. He looked around and saw Kate. She was wearing a very revealing silver dress with high heels. She was chatting with an older gentleman and Rhys moved over a bit so he could listen. She was sitting on his lap and Rhys was disgusted to notice that the man's cock was tenting his pants. The man was old enough to be her father and his skin was pasty white. His hands were curled, probably from using an old computer keyboard for too many years. Rhys imagined that he had spent his whole life in online communities, living vicariously through those that had real lives.

Rhys listened to the two of them chat. Nothing incriminating was said yet so he casually walked past them to sit on the other side. As he did that, they got up and walked to one of the back rooms. Rhys followed them carefully and found that he was able to stand at the door without them noticing. He watched and took mental notes of everything he saw and heard.

Kate pushed the man into a chair and unzipped his pants. She jerked his cock hard and pulled down her top. He pulled on her nipples and she moaned.

"Give me the code. Just do it Freddie. I'll fuck you all night if you give it to me."

Freddie moaned as she slid his cock into her wet pussy. She was grinding against him and her huge breasts were flopping around. Freddie's eyes were glazing over.

"Oh fuck baby. I can't."

Kate glared at him. She slid off him. His cock was short and stubby, but much thicker then Rhys's.

"Just do it. I need to get into the system. If you don't your little wife will find out that you've been fucking me for years."

Rhys gasped and pulled away. He thought in his head how long they had been dating. Had she been doing this before they met? Rhys was lost in thought and almost missed what happened next.

"3113." Freddie spit out the computer code. He groaned as Kate jerked his cock so hard he came. His white cum splashed onto her face and the fact it was only a few drops hinted that this was probably not the first time she had made him cum that day. Rhys couldn't watch anymore. He stormed out of the club.

He stood outside and felt the warm breeze against his face. He was on a side of town he had never been to before and he couldn't leave fast enough. The moment he closed his eyes he teleported himself back to his office. The tug on his stomach was quick and he was thankful that when he opened his eyes, he was standing in the hallway.

He stormed over to his desk and had the computer type up his report. He loved the new software that allowed him to just think about what to type. It was so easy and with one press of a button his report was sent to his boss.

Rhys took a longer lunch than normal and walked around the underground shopping mall. Internet shopping had become the norm, but somehow regular retail stories had never really disappeared. People still loved trying on clothes or trying out furniture. He really had no idea what to think. He thought he loved Kate. At least that's what he thought the feelings were that he had. Maybe it wasn't love. Right now it was definitely hatred. He hated her. He hated how it made him feel. He had trusted her. She was his first girlfriend and he didn't think he could ever trust another girl again. He got back to his desk and Declan was waiting for him.

"Good job. You're off probation. Kate will be arrested this afternoon. Here's your next file." 

***

Rhys leaned his forehead on the cold metal. His hand was jerking his cock and he was biting his lip to muffle his moans. His other hand was against the metal of the bathroom stall wall. He was desperate to cum, but couldn't. He had had a rough day and needed a release.

The door opened and he muttered under his breath. He let go of his cock and stared down at the floor. The silver floor tiles were geometric and boring. He wished the floor could swallow him up. His first day at Central Intelligence was not going well. He had completed his first case with no problems. Well, actually, there were huge problems. His first case was to catch his girlfriend accessing top-secret computer codes. What he wasn't expecting was for his girlfriend to be working at a strip club and to be going around fucking random guys.

The moment the bathroom was empty again he continued to jerk off. He was so frustrated and normally orgasming calmed his nerves. It wasn't working and the more he jerked his cock the angrier he got. He finally came and caught the fluid in a handful of tissues. He did up his pants and then made his way towards the interrogation room.

Kate was sitting in one of the chairs in the room. It was a metal room with special infrared rays along the walls. Rhys had not been told about this room, but he figured they needed the most secure place to hold criminals. He watched as Kate nibbled her bottom lip and he knew right away how worried she was. He didn't want to see her again, but knew that he had to go through the motions of a trial. 

Declan walked past and he followed his case manager into the room.

"Kate Finnegan you are officially charged with breaking the law under section 310 of the criminal code. Agent Rhys witnessed you accessing codes from a government official. You will be sent to Rooan on the next ship."

"Rhys?" Rhys blinked. He had been trying not to make eye contact with Kate, but now he had to look her right in the face.

"Oh yes. Kate Finnegan I witnessed you asking and receiving secure codes from a government official. This was on June 4th, 3023."

Declan nodded and they both walked out of the room. Rhys felt the room start to spin and he placed his hand on the cold tile of the wall to stop himself from falling. He had acted all professional up to this point but now everything that had happened was rushing into his brain.

"It gets easier. I promise." Declan tried to comfort his new recruit.

"You know I had an engagement ring and everything. Fuck." Rhys slumped into his office chair and stared at his computer screen.

"I know you're upset. When you're up to it here's your next case."

Declan left Rhys at his desk with the small memory chip perched on the edge of the desk. The office bustled with people. After a little while Rhys reluctantly took the chip and loaded his next case. It had to get better.