 PART ONE

The jewelry store's silent alarm had been tripped a few minutes ago, and police response had been quick. Just as quick, however, was the call for back up; apparently, within a minute of their arrival, all eight officers had been taken down without a single shot being fired. One officer had managed to choke out a call for help before his radio went silent. It was quickly determined that a metahuman criminal was at work, and the call went out the nearest Centurion base to handle the situation.

Windrazor had been the only available Centurion of Epsilon base on duty that evening. Since the store hadn't blown up, become radioactive, been dumped into another dimension, or started pouring out hordes of monsters, Windrazor was fairly certain this was probably a low-level meta causing the problem. Simple robber types usually were.

The silver-costumed hero took off from Epsilon Base like a shot, able to travel far faster by foot than any of the team's jump jets. He crossed the fifty miles to reach the bank in just under thirty seconds. When he got there, the area had been cordoned off by more police, but no one else had dared enter the building. Unfortunately, no one had come out, either. Still, this seemed straight forward enough; rush in, grab the bad guy, rush out.

The world slowed to a crawl as Windrazor shifted to super speed. He increased his personal "clock" to the point that a bullet traveled almost as fast as a snail. Then he casually strode into the building.

Windrazor blanched as he opened the door to the bank. The unmistakable musk of semen hung heavy in the air. A quick glance around showed a mess of people sprawled all over the floor. These were the cops who had first come in. They all had their pants open, and were in the process of vigorously masturbating; several had large streaks of semen splattered up their fronts, or along the floor. Long ribbons of cum hung in the air, arcing from the cocks of two of the officers as Windrazor moved in the moment between spasms.

Windrazor walked on, towards the back of the store, where he saw the office door was partially open. Through the door, he could see a man in an expensive suit, probably the owner, kneeling in front of the store's safe. Windrazor figured the man was being forced to open the safe, possibly at gunpoint, or perhaps by some other means.

It took a second look for Windrazor to notice that the man had his pants around his ankles, and he could just barely see the head of the man's hard penis poking out from behind his exposed thigh. And, coming from just beyond the view allowed by the doorway, he could see a single, delicate finger touching the tip of the man's cock.

Windrazor stepped into the room, and blinked. Crouching next to the man in the suit, her arm outstretched to touch his penis with her fingertip, was a young woman, completely naked, save for a pair of simple sandals and a pair of large horn-rimmed glasses. The girl wasn't what you'd call a looker: skinny and short, nearly flat-chested, with almost no curve to her hips, dirty-blind hair cut short in an almost boyish fashion. If she'd been wearing the right clothes, she could easily pass for a young man.

Still, the more he looked at her, the more he found himself entranced. She was hardly his type, but there was just something about her, something he couldn't quite put his finger on, that made him want to keep looking at her. He shook his head. This wasn't the time for voyeurism. She was clearly the metahuman criminal here, probably using some kind of sexual based power to control the men in this store. Windrazor reached to grab her, race her outside and cuff her. However, he hesitated as his fingers brushed her outstretched arm. She may not have been his type, but his eyes roamed over her again and again.

He felt his cock twitch inside his uniform, and he swallowed. He reminded himself he had to focus on his task. But still, at this speed, he could afford to look a little longer. Yes, just a little longer. He'd take one last good look, and then he would apprehend her. He would cuff her and then he would... he would...

Windrazor's cock had suddenly become achingly hard as he found himself thinking of all sorts of things he could do to her while she was handcuffed. Who cared if she was flat-chested? She had nice, hard nipples that were just begging to be sucked. Her lips, curved into a grin, were soft and slightly moist, and would fit perfectly around his cockhead.

Windrazor became so lost in the fantasy that he didn't even noticed that he'd gotten down on his knees to gaze at the woman closer. He also failed to notice when the world began to speed up as his concentration on his power began to wane. The man's hand on the dial started to spin faster, and the girl's finger on the man's cock began to trace lightly up and down, teasing it gently. A low moaning sound quickly raised in pitch as words stretched out comically long began to shift back to normal speed. Windrazor, now half-conscious as he openly gaped at the woman's nude body, vaguely managed to catch the words, "...let you cum. That's it, just..."

The woman suddenly leaped back with a near shriek as Windrazor slowed down enough that he became visible and a sudden rush of wind flew into the room signaling his arrival. "Holy fuck!" the woman gasped. She stood almost frozen, not sure what do with the appearance of the silver and grey clad superhero. The man in the suit lurched as he realized he was no longer being touched. He turned and looked at the young woman, almost glassy eyed.

"Oh, please don't stop!" he slurred. That seemed to snap the woman out of her startled freeze-up. She looked to the man, then glanced at Windrazor, then back, and back again. It took her a few seconds to realize that Windrazor was gaping at her, the mask over his face slightly stretched from a dropped jaw. The mirrored visor didn't let her see his eyes, but she could practically feel them transfixed on her. Of course, the massive erection in his pants was also quite noticeable.

After taking a moment to compose herself, the woman motioned at the store owner. "Keep at it. Open that door for me, and I promise, I'll let you cum nice and hard." The man returned to his task of twirling the combination dial. Within a few moments, he pushed the safe door open with a grunt. He turned to the woman and prostrated himself before her, awaiting his reward. Keeping her eyes on Windrazor, she dismissively waved at the store owner again. "Yes, yes, very good, cum now," she said half-heartedly. With a sharp cry of ecstasy, the store owner shuddered, hips jerking, as his cock began shooting semen all over the floor. The owner continued to shake for a few minutes, until he passed out, laying in his own puddle of cum. The woman paid him no heed.

Windrazor continued to stare at her nude body, his eyes roaming up and down, pausing repeatedly on her small breasts and neatly trimmed pussy. By now, he was rubbing himself through his outfit, and didn't even realize it. The woman grinned widely. "Oh my god," she said. "I think I know who you are. You're that Windy guy, or something right? The speedster from the Centurions. Well, one of them anyway. Wow! What were you planning to do, just run in, grab me, and throw me to the cops in a blink?"

Windrazor nodded slowly. His hand began rubbing faster. The woman laughed. "Geez, I guess I'm lucky my little hypno-aura works on you even when you're going fast, huh?" She paused. "I guess I should have sounded more confident there, called you a 'foolish meddling hero' or something, huh? I'm kinda new to this whole supervillain thing, you see. Hmm. Now, how can I take advantage of this?" She glanced down and saw his hand go even faster, and then her grin got even wider. Reaching out with a foot, she batted his hand away from himself. "Ah, ah, ah! None of that, now. Not just yet, anyway."

The sudden interruption of pleasure snapped Windrazor out of his haze, if slightly. He started to stumble back. "You... what are you..." He started shifting himself to a faster speed once more, but faltered when his gaze fell to her exposed pussy, and he noticed that her nether lips were slightly moist. This sent him spiraling back into a haze of lust, and his hand reached for himself again.

"Hey!" she said, and kicked his hand away again. "I said no!" Windrazor made a small disappointed grunt, but obeyed. She smiled and crouched down in front of him, giving him a good view of her chest. She cupped his cup with one hand, and reached forward with the other. Her fingertips traced along the bulge of his cock, and he jerked with a gasp. "Aw, I know, it aches to be touched doesn't it? Tell you what, baby, you do a little, teensy favor for me, and I'll let you touch, okay?" She turned around, reached behind her, and grabbed a couple cloth sacs that had been on the floor behind her. She turned back, gave Windrazor another bright smile, and held the sacks up, revealing them to be pillow cases. "Just fill these up with money from the safe, and as many jewels as you can, okay? Do it real fast for me, and you'll get to touch."

Some semblance of principles managed to nudge its way past the haze of lust in Windrazor's mind, and he managed to slur out a "Nnnnoooo..."

The woman frowned. Then she stood and took step closer to Windrazor, filling his vision with the sight of her pussy. "Really, baby? No? You sure? I know you want to touch real bad. But I can't let you until you help me out, okay? Please?"

Windrazor managed to shake his head, though it was nearly imperceptible. "Oh, baby, don't be so hard on yourself. I want to let you touch. I really, really do! I promise I'll let you do it if you grab those things for me, just real quick. Pleeeeease?"

A long, low groan escaped from Windrazor's lips, and the woman opened her mouth to try again. Then, suddenly, there was a rush of wind, and Windrazor was gone. Barely two seconds later, another rush of wind hit and he was kneeling in front of her again; the two pillowcases were nearly overflowing with jewels and wads of cash. It was the woman's turned to gape. "Wow!" she said, eyes wide. "Holy crap!"

Windrazor groaned again, loudly, and she nodded. "Yeah, sweetie, you can touch," she said. Windrazor nearly jumped for joy as he reached to undo the seam on his outfit and pull his cock out. "Wait!" she suddenly said, kicking his hand away again. Windrazor's jaw dropped, and he made an almost hurt sound. "I know, I know, I just..." the woman paused as she worked out a new line of thought in her head. She kneeled in front of him and cupped his chin in her hands again. "Okay, baby, before you do that, I have one more little favor to ask you," she said. "Just one teensy little thing, and I promise you'll get to touch. No! Even better. I'll touch you myself! Would you like that?" Windrazor nodded eagerly, and she let out a chuckle, imagining his eyes going wide behind his visor.

"Okay," she said. "I need you to get me out of here. I have a vehicle parked a couple blocks away. Just get me to it, and once we're on the road, and I'll start touching you. Can you do that?" Windrazor nodded. "Great!" She turned and grabbed a long trenchcoat which had been discarded on the floor behind her. She almost put it on, but glanced at Windrazor and thought better of it. She instead clasped the buttons at the neck and wore it like a cape, then hefted the two sacks. "Oof, damn, how much did you cram into these?" She hugged them to herself with an effort. "Okay, it's a red car, two-seater, with out of state plates, three blocks east, and two blocks North. Can you get us there?"

She had barely finished the last word when she found herself suddenly being lurched off her feet, and then just as suddenly, she was standing in front of that very car. Taking a moment to orient herself, she dropped the bags and leaned against the car. "Woah... jeez, how do you do that? I barely even felt myself move." She shook her head, and popped the trunk, throwing the bags in. Then she jumped into the car. Windrazor was at the passenger window, but found when he tried to open the door, it was locked. The woman cracked the window open and yelled out, "Thanks for the help, babe! A pleasure doing business with you!" With a laugh, she started the car, and prepared to floor it out of there, leaving the poor hero to suffer where he stood.

But then she paused and looked back at him. She chewed her lip as the gears turned in her head. Windrazor just stared at her expectantly, his cock lewdly bulging his pants. She sighed, and said, "Oh, man. I can't believe I'm even considering this." She unlocked the door. "Okay, get in." With a blink, he was suddenly in the passenger seat next to her, his pants already down at his ankles. She smirked. "My, my, quick and to the point." She reached over, and gently flicked his penis head, watching it waiver back and forth for a moment. "There, I touched you."

Windrazor let out a near whimper, opening his mouth to protest, but she silenced him to a finger to his lips as she laughed. "You can stroke yourself as we go. You may stare me as you do so. In fact, keep your eyes focused on me the whole time, don't look at the road or where we're going. You may stroke yourself until we reach our destination, then you must stop." As she put the car into drive, she saw his hand was a near blur as Windrazor immediately obeyed her commands. She could tell from the way he was stiffening that he was already on the verge of orgasm, the excitement from her aura and his super fast motions already sending him over the edge. "Woah, there speedy! Slow it down, huh? Nice and easy like." With a Herculean effort, Windrazor slowed his hand to a steady, but easy stroke. "That's better." As she pulled away from the curb and made her way back to her "hideout" she said, "Oh, and one more thing: no cumming until I say. Got it?"

Windrazor let out a quaking groan, to which she could only laugh again.



PART TWO

Windrazor was moaning again, shivering with pent up lust. He kneeled in front of his new mistress, naked, his cock achingly hard and blazing hot. His hands were clasped tightly behind his back as he leaned downed before her. She sat on a dark leather chair, also nude, her feet propped up on a footrest. As she gave Windrazor a full view of her body, trapping him helplessly in her hypnotic aura of lust, she commanded him to suck and lick her toes. She had discovered he had a foot fetish, so this served not only to amuse her at the sight of a superhero reduced to licking her feet, but to arouse and torment him further.

He did so at once, causing her to giggle a bit, then moan softly as she enjoyed the attentions. She eyed his throbbing cock and grinned devilishly. She had indeed allowed him to stroke himself all the way back to her "hideout" but forced him to stop once they'd arrived. It had been almost a full day since she'd brought him back, and she had not allowed him to touch since, nor had she touched him herself. Needless to say, he had not had an orgasm in that time, either. She had, however, forced him to watch her masturbate with a vibrator, which all but shattered whatever resistance he had left.

The sexual pressure in his body and mind was enormous. She had never teased a man this badly before, and the longer it went on, the more Windrazor became irrevocably her slave. He no longer even hesitated when she gave him an order anymore, or for that matter, when she asked him for information. She learned his name was Jin Zephyr and that he got his powers from being bonded to a wind spirit. He had been more reluctant to tell her about his team, the Centurions, but after giving him a show with her vibrator, he was nearly babbling information.

She knew where every base was located. She had a list of access codes and passwords to the Centurions' computer network, as well as a list of every weapon and device locked up in the Epsilon Base's arsenal. She had a list of civilian identities for a good quarter of the team, as well as home addresses for some of them. She even knew a few of the heroes' special weaknesses. As she sat there, forcing Windrazor/Jin, to worship her feet, she wondered how she might make use of this information.

"I could be like a real supervillain," she mused. "I could be A-list in no time flat!" She laughed. "I should probably come up with a name for myself, huh? Let's see... Hypno Girl is already taken. So's the Enchantress. Succubus is too generic. And taken. Hmm... what do you think, Jin?"

Jin could only give a pitiful moan. She smirked. "Guess you're just feeling too damn horny to think straight, huh?" She paused. "Huh. Yeah. Feel Girl. Cause looking at me makes you Feel all horny. And makes you want to Feel me touching you." Jin moaned again. "Oh, come on, it's not that bad a name. Besides, all the good ones are taken." Jin moaned yet again, his penis quivering and leaking pre-cum heavily as the act of suckling her toes drive him even crazy. The newly dubbed "Feel Girl" grinned. "Hey, I don't mind it. If it's too silly a name for you, that's your problem."

"Mmm... please..." Jin said, gasping out each word. "Need... need..."

"Need to cum?" said Feel Girl. She withdrew her feet and spread her legs, scooting forward a bit. "I have a better idea. You're quite good with your mouth on my toes. I'm curious to see if your skill carries over to other parts."

Jin let out a shaky gasp. Feel Girl pulled the footstool back against the chair with her legs, and Jin scooted forward. As he brought his lips to her pussy, she wrapped her legs around him, and pushed him forward so that his penis pressed against the footstool. He jerked as his penis made contact, the first touch of any sort to his aching member he'd had since arriving here. "You may hump while you lick me. But no cumming."

Jin instantly began bucking against the stool, even as his tongue darted over Feel Girl's pussy, lashing away at her clit and probing deep into her. She let out a near shriek, unprepared for the sudden rush of pleasure. She had never received oral before, and Jin's mouth was simply amazing. With uncanny speed and precision, he struck her hot spots with a maddening frequency, and Feel Girl trapped his head against her, snapping her legs shut around him as she clutched his hair in her fists. Stuck between her legs, forced against her sex, Jin was overwhelmed, and his hips went wild, humping the cushioned edge of the footstool. Cum roiled in his balls, but he could not release, no matter how hard he tried, not until his mistress commanded it.

Feel Girl came in under a minute, then again a few seconds later, then again after that, multiple orgasms blending together under Jin's oral assault. She could barely draw breath to tell him to stop, and her body instinctively held onto him like a bear trap. She screamed in ecstasy as Jin sent her to dizzying heights of pleasure until her vision went dark and she blacked out on top of him.

She stumbled off the chair, freeing Jin, who collapsed against the chair and footstool. His hips still bucked away, tormenting him with the impossible attempt to orgasm, even as he buried his face in the puddle of wetness staining the leather chair's seat. Feel Girl came to a few minutes later, shaking as she propped herself up on her elbows. "Oh, man! Th-that was... oh, man!" She looked to Jin in wonder. She had never cum like that before in her life! "You are definitely a keeper, speedy!" She then laughed as she realized he was still fucking the footstool. "You can stop that now, it's not going to do you any good."

With a ragged sigh of both relief and frustration, Jin pulled away from the chair and stool, collapsing onto his back and gasping. His face was slick from her juices, and a long thread of pre-cum trailed from his cock to the edge of the stool, which now sported a stain almost as big as the one on the leather chair.
