 ONE

The first thing Spark became aware of as she came to was something lightly touching between her legs. Sluggishly, she fought to consciousness, intending to shove whatever was doing that away. However, she couldn't seem to get her arms forward. She tugged, but something was keeping her bound. Her eyes fluttered open and it took a moment for her gaze to focus. She found herself staring into the eyes of the dark haired woman in the alley. The woman was kneeling right in front of her, and Spark was slightly stunned by her beauty for a moment. A few seconds passed before Spark realized the gentle sensation between her legs was coming from the woman tracing a finger along her exposed vaginal lips, gently up and down, around and around. Spark let out a gasp as the fingertip brushed the tip her clitoris, sending a shiver of pleasure up her spine.

Sluggishly, she tried to remember how she'd gotten here. She had been coming out of a movie theater, when she'd heard a cry for help in a nearby ally. Even though she was off-duty, Spark had raced over to help, and she'd seen a woman, this woman in front her now, kneeling on the ground, sobbing. Spark had reached over to help her, then felt something stick into her leg. She'd look down to see a needle, and then... then she was waking up here.

Spark snapped out of it as another shiver a pleasure ran through her body. She tried to jerk back, only to find her legs were similarly restrained. She realized she was completely naked and bound pretty thoroughly to a chair. Looking around, she could not tell where she was. Some open, but darkened space, with a single light hanging from a hang ceiling to illuminate the spot she was sitting. Perhaps some abandoned warehouse? Spark let out another gasp as the women's finger touched her clit again. She called up the electrical energy in her body and tried to shock the woman's finger with a strong jolt. However, nothing happened, save that the woman just maintained eye contact and smiled slyly at Spark.

"There is no sense in struggling," the woman said. "Your powers are being suppressed by my magic."

"Who are you?" said Spark. "What are you?"

"Does it matter?" said the dark haired woman.

Spark squirmed. "Fine. Would you at least quit molesting me?"

"No," she said. "I'm casting a spell."

Spark struggled some more, but still could not get any leverage. The woman's touches were also starting to get to her. Despite the situation, the gentle caress was making Spark wet, and every touch of her clit send an increasingly stronger jolt of pleasure though her body. "What are going to do to me?" she said, trying to stall while she thought of an escape.

"You'll find out soon enough," said the woman. "Though, I will tell you that the ritual requires you to cum for the spell to activate. So, if you don't want to find out, just don't cum."

At first, Spark didn't think that would be a problem. She just grit her teeth and concentrated on escaping, working the ropes that held her, and wriggling to try and get some kind of leverage to escape. She also kept trying to call up her electric energies, but that was still a dead end. However, the longer this went on, the more the woman's touch filled Spark with pleasure. Soon, her sex was nearly throbbing with a warm, pulsing sensation. It felt unnatural, but also exquisitely pleasurable. Spark was soon squirming not to escape, but just from to the sensations she was feeling.

"You won't... make me... oooooh," Spark gasped. She bit her lip trying not to moan, but couldn't stop herself from writhing. The warm pulse quickened, sending ripples of sensation all along her vaginal walls, then spreading out to her body. She started to feel sharp jolts to her clit, g-spot, anus, nipples, and the back of her neck as the ripples went through her, triggering her every hot-spot. She broke out in a sweat and her juices were forming a puddle in thechair.

"I can do this all night," said the woman, smiling sweetly at her. "The more you fight it, the harder you'll cum." She began to chant softly, whispering a phrase over and over again in some unknown language. Spark's breathing became a series of short little gasps, and then a series of erotic cries as her body shuddered. She tried one last time to stop herself, but it was like trying to hold back a tidal wave. She came, every muscle in her body locking up, her face contorting into a snarl of pleasure. And then, something lit up beneath them, a circular design filled with smaller shapes and runes. In the throws of her ecstasy, Spark vaguely recognized it as some kind of magic circle. And then, suddenly, it was over, and she lay exhausted against the chair. The woman stood and removed the bonds keeping Spark secure, then gently shook her awake. Spark groaned and roused herself, looking blearily at the woman.

"Wh-what... what's going on?" she said.

"Spark, stand up," said the woman. Spark immediately complied. "Now, kneel." Spark immediately did so, dropping to her knees so fast she nearly hurt herself. Spark's eyes went wide at this.

"What did you do to me?" said Spark. "How are you doing this?"

"Like I said, a magic spell," said the woman. "You came, and so now, your body and will belong to me."

"Like hell!" shouted Spark. She called up her energies again, and this time, her whole body lit up with electrical power. She thrust her arms at the woman, intending to blast her, but found that, somehow, she couldn't. Her powers were working fine, now, but she could not bring herself to fire upon the woman.

"Silly girl," she said. "You can't harm me, now. You will die before you even allow harm to come to me." She paused and then said, "You may stand and dress yourself now. Your clothes are over there, and there is a towel you can wipe yourself clean with."

Spark looked over in the dim area beyond the circle of light shining down on them. There was a small table, with her clothes and the towel upon it. She did as she was instructed, despite her mind fighting to regain control of her body. It was rather disheartening. Despite her every effort, her body operated against her will with no visible signs of resistance, moving naturally and smoothly. There was no sign of struggle, not even on her face. She approached the woman, who nodded approvingly at how well her spell had worked.

"Now, then," she said. "From this moment forth, I am your Mistress, and you will do as I say without question. Do you understand?"

"Fuck off," said Spark. She sad it flatly, as though she couldn't get her body to put the right emphasis behind the words.

"Let's try that again," said the woman. "You will not say anything unless I instruct you to, or to answer a question, or otherwise assist me. When you answer a question, you will only do so in an obedient manner. Do you understand?"

Fuck you, was what Spark wanted to say. Instead, to her dismay, she said, "Yes, Mistress."

The woman laughed. "Excellent! Now then. I have a very special mission for you, my dear. You're going to help me destroy your fellow Centurions, and one Centurion in particular. Can you do that for me?"

No! Spark thought. You can't make me, you fucking bitch! Again, however, what she wanted to say, and what came out were two different things. "Of course, Mistress," was all she said. The woman smiled.

TWO

The Epsilon Base was hidden in the foot of a small mountain, opening into a private lake surrounded by a pine forest. It made an ideal location of concealment, as well as being generally more hospitable, as opposed to Alpha Base's sky fortress or Sigma Base's arctic strong hold. Less than a hundred miles from three major cities, it was also ideally located for gathering resources, and responding to urban based dangers.

In order to get quickly from the base to another location, the team used a series of small flying vehicles called "jump jets," mini-van sized, two-seater vehicles that used anti-gravity fields and a graviton-powered jet engine to fly nearly as fast as conventional jets, while allowing much greater maneuverability. The team was free to use them for recreational purposes as well, and they came with personal cloaking devices, so there was usually no trouble finding a rooftop or abandoned field to park them on.

Spark now flew one such jet to the base, with her new Mistress behind her. She still had not revealed her name, just saying that she was "the Mistress" as far as Spark was concerned. She had used another spell to render herself invisible, and was currently in the back seat. She said nothing, other than explaining to Spark what she needed the superheroine to do for her. Spark, meanwhile, had spent most of the trip revealing all the relevant information she could about her team, as per her Mistress's request. Entry codes, computer passwords, the powers and weaknesses of her teammates. The entire time, Spark fought a war inside her head, trying desperately to wrest control of her body back. If she could have even just reached over and tapped the emergency signal on her jet, it would have at least been something to warn her teammates. Alas, she seemed to be completely under her Mistress's power.

It was approaching ten o'clock at night as Spark neared the base. Before she got close enough to land, a voice suddenly chirped over the jet's radio. "Hey, babe," came a friendly male voice. This was Tact, the team's technician and gadgeteer, as well as Spark's lover. "Not calling it an early night, are you? You're not due back in for another 20 hours. Go back out there and have some fun!"

Spark wanted desperately to warn him, but she said nothing. She felt her Mistress lean close to her ear, whispering very softly. "Just talk to him normally."

Spark nodded. "Eh, the movie sucked," she said casually. "I dunno, not much to really do when you're the only one on leave for the night. I wish you could have come." Boy, wasn't that the truth.

"Aww," said Tact. "I know, but I already owed Chozo for monitor duty from our last day off together."

"Well, it was worth it," said Spark, with a genuine smile.

She felt her Mistress's breath on her neck again. "Ah, you young lovers. So cute. Still, we'll have to target him first. Can't let him warn the others." She pat Spark on the shoulder. "Don't worry, I'll let you do the honors."

Spark wanted to veer the vehicle straight into the mountain side, but instead, she guided it to the hanger bay, hovering in place until a hatch opened in the side of the mountain above the lake. She guided the vehicle in, slid the jump jet into one of the parking spots, then jumped out, waiting for the Mistress to join her. Still invisible, the Mistress fell in perfect step behind Spark, following her close as a shadow.

Spark walked through several corridors, following them to the base's monitor room, which served as both an alert system for disaster, as well as the main communications center of the base. The door slid open as she approached, and she stepped inside. The room was large, a collage of monitors forming one whole wall, and a series of computers, built into an array a few feet away from the monitors. Tact sat there, watching the screens, which displayed various news channels and a row of live feeds from inside the base. When Spark entered, he swiveled in his chair and stood. The brown haired, wiry young man gave his lover a hug and kiss. Spark kissed him back, and actually pushed him back into his chair in the process. Her tongue snaked out and probed Tact's mouth, and she pressed herself fully against him, sitting on his lap.

The passion behind the kiss took Tact by surprise, and it took him a moment to catch up. After a few seconds, Spark pulled back, leaving Tact a little dazed. "Whew, must have been quite a movie," he said.

Spark smiled at him, another genuine smile, even as she fought doubly as hard to keep herself from doing what she knew was coming. "Well, just not the same without you there, babe," she said.

"Oh, yeah?" said Tact. "Well, I can use my technopathy to keep watch on the monitors, but we shouldn't get too into it here."

"No chance we could take this to our room?" said Spark. She pressed herself a bit closer to him and kissed him once more. This time, she snuggled her body sensually against him, and Tact's body responded. Soon, he was becoming erect. When they broke the kiss, he looked a little flushed. She had always been gorgeous and sexy to him, but right now, there was intangible that just seemed "on" about her, and it was making him swoon.

Tact shook his head. "Um... babe... seriously, I have monitor duty right now. I'd really love to, but, you know duty calls. I mean, we can hang out, but..."

"You can multitask," said Spark. She leaned forward to kiss him again, pausing to trace his lips with the tip of her tongue.

Tact felt the his heart beat quicken and his erection strain stiffly in his pants. Tact's eyes were half-closed as he almost let himself succumb to her teasing licks. Then his eyes snapped open. He looked past Spark. "What the hell?" There was a camera feed of the monitor room, just like everywhere else. Rather than rely on the monitors, Tact could just use his power to directly link to the computers to see the images. And in the image of the monitor room, he though he saw a vague, human-shaped flicker standing right in front of him. With the speed of thought, he shifted the camera's visual filters to a series of multi-spectrum lens. There, just on the edges of the X-ray frequency, the visual become clear. There was a woman standing there, right next to the couple.

Immediately, a force field whipped up over Tact and Spark, glowing a pale, translucent blue. A device on Tact's belt blinked, indicating it as the source of the force field, activated with a mere thought from Tact. "Alright," said Tact, looking straight at the invisible Mistress. "I can see you. Show yourself."

The Mistress sighed and rendered herself visible. "Ah, well, we're here already, and that's what counts. Spark, if you please?"

Spark stuck her fingers to the sides of Tact's head and gave him a gentle jolt of electricity. It was not enough to harm or hurt him, but the jolt shot through his nervous system, making his body go limp with temporary paralysis.

"Relax and let yourself enjoy this," said Spark. "You can't fight it." She didn't want to say that, of course, but all her efforts did was make the words come out more flat than they should have. She reached down and touched the device on Tact's belt. The force field dropped.

Quickly, the Mistress pulled out a black permanent marker, and began to draw her magic circle on the floor around them. As she did, Spark undid the belt on Tact's pants and freed his penis, still mostly hard despite his paralysis and the realization that he had been ambushed. It had just started to shrink, but Spark ran a pulsing, low current through the organ, bringing it back to full mast. Spark didn't bother to stroke him, just held him and let her energies do the work, stimulating him with freakish precision. Unable to stop herself, Spark did the only thing she could in the razor thin margin of free movement she had, and kissed Tact. She tried to do so as sweetly as possible, giving him some kind of sign that she was sorry, and that she couldn't stop herself. For a brief moment, the look in his eye seemed to indicate he understood. Then his eyes rolled up and he let out a loud, moan, breaking the kiss as his body began to shake.

The Mistress finished her circle, and Spark increased the electrical sensations in Tact's cock. She hoped that maybe, if she could make it strong enough to hurt, it would stave off his orgasm, and maybe clear his head long enough for him to send out a signal with his technopathy. But no, Spark found herself consistently applying paralyzing jolts and a perfect sexual stimulation, keeping him so dizzy with pleasure he couldn't focus.

"He is ready to cum now, Mistress," Spark said. Her Mistress nodded, and she began to chant. Come on, she thought. Come on! Tact, please, for the love of god, keep it together!

He didn't hear her of course, but for a moment, just a moment, Tact's eyes seemed to focus and he made a particularly strained groan, not quite of pleasure. Then, he was moaning again, eyes rolled up in their sockets as Spark increased the energy flow just so, and overwhelmed him through his cock. A moment later, he caved in, and came. The magic circle lit up, and the Mistress put a hand on Tact's shoulder and whispered into his ear, "You are mine." Huge shots of semen exploded from his electrified penis, splattering both himself and Spark with his spunk. She'd always been proud of how strong she could make him climax, but right now, she was cursing herself for it.

And then it was over, and Tact was slumped against the chair. Spark got up from his lap and stood back as the Mistress tried to rouse him. This was beyond bad. If Tact was taken, that would mean every electronic device in the base could now be weaponized against their teammates, to say nothing of Tact's own stash of super tech devices. Spark tried one last, final time to mobilize herself, to defy the Mistress's magic and take her down. Straining every last once of willpower, Spark managed only to create a short, tiny electrical arc, flaring briefly along one finger. That was it. There was nothing she could do to stop her from enslaving Tact.

THREE

And then, the door to the monitor room flew open, and a bolt of blinding green light shot the Mistress full in the back, slamming her clear across the room. A figure burst inside: Chozo, the space-born warrior woman, fully decked out in her gold and black alien power armor. She had been the one to shoot the Mistress, and now had her arm cannon aimed straight at Spark.

"Spark?" said Chozo. "What the hell is going on? Tact alerted me that he was being attacked by you and that woman. Is this true?"

Inwardly, Spark let out a sigh of relief. In that moment of clarity before he lost it, Tact must have used his technopathy to get a signal out via the comlinks, or perhaps directly to Chozo's armor. Outwardly, though, Spark didn't say anything, just stood there. She put her hands up to indicate she wasn't a threat, however.

"Spark, tell me what's going on," said Chozo. "Now, or I'll drop you right here, and we'll figure it out when you're secured. And don't try anything stupid. Striker and Stone Man should be here in less than a minute." She glanced to Tact. "Why the hell are his pants off?"

"Well, I'd say this isn't what it looks like, but it's hard to refute the evidence," said Spark, motioning to herself. "I was feeling kind of frisky and decided to play with Tact a bit. I know it's bad, since he's on monitor duty, but I couldn't help myself. Anyway, I think I just went a little too far, and made him pass out. I was just about to fetch some towels."

"Uh-huh," said Chozo. He motioned to the Mistress, who was currently crumpled into a boneless heap in the far corner of the room. "And who is she?"

"Oh, just a friend. I invited her over to give Tact a threesome. You know, a little something special."

"Bullshit," said Chozo. She nodded to the floor. "What's with the magic circle?"

"Think I'll plead the fifth on that one," said Spark.

Chozo charged her cannon with another green energy bolt, but a lower charge this time. "Fine. Best to just knock you out and sort this out later." For a moment, another sense of relief washed over Spark. If Chozo took her out of the fight, she could get this situation under control and avert this crisis.

Unfortunately, when Chozo tried to shoot, the cannon failed. "What the hell?" said Chozo, trying again. Suddenly, electrical arcs erupted all over her suit, and Spark groaned inwardly. Chozo staggered as warning icons flared up all over her helmet's HUD read outs, and her armor all but froze.
