 ©capn_doggy

Tags: Corruption, Transformation, Male to Female, Handjob, Monster, Adventure, Fantasy, Golem, Fingering, Monster Girl, Lesbian

There are some moments of extreme violence in the story. Consider yourself warned.

*

I pulled off the running trail, the heavy morning air sliding down my throat, soothing my aching muscles. This was only the third day into my fifth attempt in the last three months at getting into shape. I wasn't fat by any means but having both my grandpa's die to heart disease tends to put things in perspective. I unzipped my light jacket, allowing a bit of airflow that helped cool me off nicely. It was a little early in the spring to run without it and it would still be a couple of months before I would be able to comfortably run sans shirt.

As I stretched and caught my breath, something in the woods caught my eye, a flash of cooler that caught my attention with a strange purple glimmer. It had appeared to be a small flash of dark crimson light, shining periodically, partially obscured by a tree. It only lasted a short while before only the nascent sun illuminated the forest. The early morning bugs were silent, and an ominous weight of anticipation settling over the clearing. My shoes sponged the water from the dewy grass as I crept closer to the spot I had seen the light. Leaning cautiously around a tree I poked my head out, spotting the probable offender. Lying inconspicuously in the grass sat an egg sized oval gem. Perfectly smooth, the crystalline surface distorting the image behind it and had a similar hue to the crimson of the Alabama Tide.

God, I hate those guys. It's less about the team and more about the obnoxiousness of the fans but, focus, Trevor, strange things are afoot.

I stood there for maybe half a minute before I approached the gem, watching it carefully for any sort of reaction. The gem remained inert as I crouched above it, my hand hovering a couple of inches from its surface.

Screw it; what's the worst that could happen?

I put my palm on the surface.

I had maybe half a second, just enough time to think I had been worried for nothing, before the gem reacted. A brilliant crimson light poured out of the gem, spilling through my fingers, filling the surroundings and making it look like everything was doused with blood. Still, a light show wasn't so bad, but the gem was just getting started. My stomach rose in my chest as my feet left the ground. Energy built in the air, little electrical charges dancing across my senses, making it feel like an imminent thunderstorm. Suddenly, there was a litany of voices in my head all of them clamoring over each other. There seemed to be a handful of old men with raspy voices and a lone female with a softer tone.

"Holy shit, it actually worked," a male's voice stated, on the lower end of the raspy scale.

"I can't believe it worked this quickly, the texts clearly states that the vessel would need up to six months before it would be worthy of transport."

"Quiet please," the woman asked.

"Yes but the earliest recorded vessel was picked days after the line was cast not minutes. We have achieved something special here, gentlemen."

I tried to move around in the air but I hung suspended, waiting there like a fly trapped in amber. The gem, meanwhile, remained glued to my palm no matter how much I shook and whipped my arm around. I was also failing in my attempt to remain calm as my heartbeat skyrocketed.

"Holy shit, it actually worked."

"I had heard some rumors that a tribe in the south had managed a vessel on day three but this is ridiculous."

"Would you all please be quiet, you're scaring the vessel."

"Holy shit, it worked."

"Selkeem I owe you ten dollars, I honestly thought we were doomed but now we have a glimmer of hope. If the vessel lives up to the rumors."

"I will use that money to buy everyone a round to celebrate this momentous occasion."

"WOULD EVERYONE SHUT THE FUCK UP!" Silence rang like a bell through my head for a moment after the woman's shouting.

"Holy shit..."

"GODDAMN IT KEITH, IF YOU SAY THAT ONE MORE TIME I WILL RIP YOUR TESTICALS THROUGH YOUR ANUS." More silence. I almost coughed, just something to break the tension left in the wake of the exclamation. The entire situation was so strange I almost burst out laughing.

"Excuse me for the outburst, Vessel, we will begin the transportation in a moment," the woman said contritely.

"Transportation, I really don't think I like the sound of that," I said lamely to the air. The charged feeling in the glade doubled as the gem in my right hand started pulsing. An ozone smell caused me to wrinkle my nostrils as I desperately tried to pry the gem away from my flesh with my left hand.

There was a moment, laden with anticipation, before reality tore apart at the seams.

You know the feeling you get when you reach for the final step going up the stairs only to find nothing put air, your foot dangling for a second, searching vainly for solid ground. As you begin to tilt forward and your body is convinced that you are about to plunge off a cliff into an endless abyss. That's the feeling, only it never stopped. My internal equilibrium overwhelmed by conflicting information, there was no telling how long I hung in that state. Flip flopping in my chest my stomach made a firm argument that it's content would be better suited outside my body. I disagreed, choking down the bile as my reality continued to wobble.

I would wager it was anywhere between an hour to a day but couldn't narrow it down anymore than that. During that time there was no visual indications of surroundings other than the smothering crimson light, the same hew the stone had produced but now wrapped around me like a cocoon. The gem itself pulsed in my hand like a heartbeat and I watched, incredulous, as it slowly seeped into my palm, like water through a sieve. It didn't hurt but it did stain the center of my palm into the same oval shape and color. Eventually my surroundings began to regain some variation of color.

Then, bam, I popped back into existence. Appearing into what I assumed was an alien world.

I'm ashamed to admit that I didn't stick the landing like Terminator, instead I tumbled ass over teakettle, bouncing off a stone altar and smacking my shin in the process.

And the German judge awards me an eight out of ten, the stingy kraut.

I heaved myself off the floor and prepared to battle the Apes or the Cylons or whatever this strange land had to offer.

My fists at the ready, I found myself face to face with a pretty woman with short black hair and a smiling visage. She had soft features and intelligent green eyes, framed with softly curling, and slightly bedraggled brown hair with just a hint of red. I backed away from her and looked around at the surroundings, which matched the decor of the altar, weathered stones with barest hint of gold flecks remaining, hinting at some past opulence. There were four other men besides the woman. Three of them were wizened with age all of them having bushy white beards with varying degrees of epicness, the largest of which looked capable of hosting a den of rabbits as it sprawled down around his knees. The fourth was a man of almost twenty with a fresh face.

At least I'm not the only one with baby face. That time from middle school still haunts me. Nicholas was and is an asshole and I regret nothing. Stupid, don't get distracted...

The man's mouth was open so wide I half suspected a fly to land in it. None of them were approaching me. In fact, they looked almost as surprised as I was that I had appeared. One thing I noticed about all of them was that they had stained clothing and an air of unwashed desperation. The woman drew my attention as she fell to a knee in front of me.

"I greet you Vessel, and beseech you to help us in our most desperate hour."

"...What?" was my elegant response. The men followed the woman's example and fell to a knee, some of them a little more elegantly than others. I could hear some of the joints creak in the dry air, the tendons creaking like aged wood in protest. The woman glanced up expectantly as I stood there, flabbergasted.

"Please get up, no need to genuflect for my benefit," I said as I helped her to her feet. Her eyes glistened with sudden tears as relief sprung onto her face as she gripped my arm like a lifeline.

"Thank you. Thank you so much," she sobbed as she leaned into me. "Whatever I can do to help, just let me know." It took a moment for the woman to collect herself as I just stood awkwardly, a human coat rack.

"There will be time for that later. For now you must be confused. Long story short we think we are going to be under siege by a group of expansionists looking to 'annex' our land and resources," she said as she rubbed her eyes.

"Bad guys imminent, got it. I'm not sure what I can do about it?"

"That'll become clear in time. For now let me lead you to your chambers, the transition is said to be disorienting."

"Transi-whatsit?" I said, confused as the room spun for a moment before settling down. "I think you might be right." I followed her drunkenly out the circular cave and through a clearing to a hut nestled amongst other huts. I was fifty percent leaning on her at this point, as she helped me down on the bed.

As my vision spiraled into darkness some words floated down to me, "By the way, I'm Selena, and I will be here when you wake."

"I'm Trevor, nice to meet..."

I jerked awake as I felt some bug crawl on my right hand. I slapped at it instinctively as adrenaline surged and I scrambled backwards on the bed. Blinking my eyes rapidly to clear the morning gunk from them, I looked around for the offensive little critter. After a few moments with no movement I wiped my eyes with my hands. I noticed something a little strange about my right hand. Where the gem had melted into my flesh was no longer a nicely defined circle instead it had crimson tendril branching every which way, an epicenter of infection. There was no pain but I was freaking out. There was only one thing this could be...

Zombie. Have to clear the infection. Need to chop off my arm.

Even though I logically knew that that is stupid, in the case of infection like that in only a couple of seconds the infection has spread throughout the entire body and there is no saving them. Still, I spotted a handy clever and I hefted it to perform the dreadful task. As I hovered there considering this, potentially hasty, course of action, the door swung open and Selene entered her abode. Her eyes scanned over my position and I watched as her eyes widened in horror and she quickly burst into motion, a basket falling from her hand.

Wait a second this is kinda stupid isn't it, I thought woozily, my brain only skimming on the potential of rationality.

Selena tackled me, knocking the cleaver in out of my hand. She straddled my chest in a very sexual manner as she looked down on me with fear and anger.

"What were you doing?" she asked.

"What is going on with my hand," I shot back, waving the partially crimson appendage in her face.

"That's the transition. It will become clear with time. For now, you must be starving. The food might be a little bruised but it should still be edible." She went over to the spilled basket and started to gather up the a couple loaves of bread and some fruit. She gave me a heavy look as she put the cleaver back onto its place on the wall.

I was still angry but the gaping pit of hunger my stomach had turned into muted the worst of it. I righted an overturned chair and set about stuffing my mouth with as much food as I could while still retaining a bit of civility. Coughing, I attempted to soften an overly ambitious bite of bread, just slightly too large for my esophagus. An amused Selena retrieved a glass of water, only the slightest bit pity showing on her profile. The water softened the bread enough to allow me to swallow and continue consuming food. After I curbed the worst of the jagged edge off my hunger I turned to her.

"I was trying to get rid of this... infection," I said, waving my hand in her face.

"That wouldn't work," she said a little brusquely.

"I know. If it was infection then it has had plenty of time to spread through my system, The Walking Dead showed that," I said sadly, muttering the last part. She looked a little lost as she sat in her chair, an apple dangling from a hand as she contemplated what I had said.

I considered my situation as I sat there in silence but for the muted sounds of me chewing and swallowing.

Alone in unknown land with nothing but a strange infection to accompany me I need to make friends, fast. I smiled a little grimly to myself. Cause I've always been great at doing that, I thought sarcastically.

After I ate enough food for a family of six, I laid back in my chair and patted my stomach comfortably. Selena examined me critically and gave me a small smile.

"What?" I said.

"Nothing. I'm glad you didn't react unfavorably to the transfer. The texts indicated a lot of raging and weeping," she stated simply. "Some even attacked in their grief and anger, looking to harm those who stole them away."

"Would it do me any good? I mean, you don't have any way to send me home do you?" I asked, resignedly. She shook her head, confirming what I had suspected.

"Well there you go then, I'm not one to rage at anyone just for a little self gratification. I'm a fairly good judge of character and I would guess you had to be pretty desperate to kidnap me like you did."

Tears filled her eyes and her voice was heavy with emotion as she responded, "You don't know how relieved I am to hear that. For the record I do apologize for what happened, and what will happen. If you want restitution I vow to do whatever is within my power to make it up to you." A giant, jaw cracking, yawn was my only response as my eyelids pulled themselves down over my eyes.

"Let's get you to bed. Now that you've nourishment the transition will probably accelerate" she said as she half carried me to bed. She sure is strong, for a woman.

"Will I still be me when I wake?" I asked, my greatest fear bursting from me as exhaustion bore me down.

"Yes and no, there is nothing to do but see what form the vessel takes. I must prepare some things to help the transition," she said, lightly stroking my arm like she was comforting a dying man, which, for all I knew, was not an unreasonable comparison.

Selena wiping my brow with a nice cool cloth gently eased me from my restless slumber.

"Drink," she said, offering me a cup of crisp clean water. I downed the cup setting it aside before cautiously examining my right arm. The red flesh was up the majority of my forearm, the tips of the tendrils, which extended from the uniformly colored flesh, tickled my otherwise pale elbow. Selena sat next to me in an old fashioned rocking chair, my empty cup rotating in her hands as she searched desperately for the right words. After several false starts she finally settled on a simple, heartfelt plea.

"Tell me about yourself... please?" she asked softly, eyes locked to the dusty floor, as if it held some secret to redemption that could only be revealed by careful and unblinking examination.

So I did.

I told her of my parents, now divorced, and my older sister, married with two children. I told her of my job; how I had been frustrated and rarely satisfied but didn't leave because I was convinced I wouldn't be able to find anything better. I told her of my ex-girlfriend, who had recently left because she was looking for something else, someone else, and headed to San Francisco to make a name for herself. I told her of my recent listlessness and desire for change in my life, which had me considering a puppy but landed on an exercise program. Said exercise program that had me jogging along a path early in the morning, where I noticed a strange red gem in the middle of a forest.

As I spoke I could feel a strange calm sweep over me, almost like I was closing a book on a previous life, the cover coming down with a firm 'whump' as I reached for the sequel. Finishing my tale, I reclined back into my comforter in peace, my arm throbbing in time with my heartbeat, as I fell back asleep.

My sleep was filled with dreams of drowning. Upon waking, as I wiped my sweat covered brow, I realized that my dreams were not baseless, an uncomfortable tube invading my throat. I started to scramble in my haste to get it off of me when Selena grabbed my hand, cradling it with hers and shushing me.

"It's okay, there's nothing to worry about."

I felt something wriggling under my right shoulder and turned to look at it in apprehension. My right arm was now fully covered in the crimson flesh and its musculature was different. Where there used to be soft flesh of a mildly out of shape twenty something year old now ran sleek rippling muscles that ran like power lines under the taut skin. Tensing my bicep experimentally had it bulging out of my arm a good four inches by my estimation.

Okay, maybe the transition won't be so bad.

Holding my palm up to my face I examined the skin critically, looking for any additional abnormalities but couldn't find any. Turning my hand over revealed black chrome fingernails that looked an awful lot like claws, if I was being completely honest with myself.

They are turning me into a predator. A weapon. Not so great.

The green tube leading to my throat ended up being some sort of plant that had a bulbous vacuole sac that sat in Selena's hand. She gave a squeeze and I felt a cold mixture of something flow into my stomach, which eased a sort of background ache that had previously gone unnoticed, only revealed with its release. I sighed in satisfaction. My stomach contracted and my arm pulsed as a strange fever warmth flowed from the discolored flesh. Turning, I watched as the red flesh crept a couple millimeters higher on my skin. The lethargy that encompassed me kept me from caring too much about the changes that were creeping over me. Selena took the sack end of the feeding tube and hooked it up to a loop that ran through a timber on the ceiling, allowing gravity to slowly force feed me nutrients.

Shivering and involuntarily swallowing around the tube in my mouth, I brought my weak left hand up to try to remove it. Someone grasped my hand before it could complete its journey and I hissed at their overly hot flesh. I quickly realized that the fiery hand was attached to my body, and that had moved without my willing it. My eyes widened in surprise and I tried to get the crimson appendage to release my left hand. Shockingly, it followed my command and dropped my hand to flop weakly onto my chest. Trying to remove the tube again brought the unruly appendage up to stop the attempt. Evidently my new flesh has certain ideas about what is and isn't appropriate behavior. I hope that won't get me into any trouble. I shivered at the foreboding thought. Selena, who had been talking to someone in the doorway of her abode, turned and noticed my weak struggles.

"Shhhh, it's okay. Does your throat hurt?" she asked, placing the back of her hand on my forehead.

I nodded, unable to talk with the tube in my throat. I pointed at the tube and mimed pulling it out and she seemed to get the gist of what I was attempting to convey.

"I'm sorry but it's for your own good. The shorter the transition the more likely it is that you'll survive, and the ambrosia helps encourage the change." My eye's bulged at the survive comment. She patted my crimson hand comfortingly, and I marveled at the electric sensation that ran through my alien flesh. She went to pull away, angling toward a table that had a variety of plants and tools scattered across it. Quicker than thought, my hand shot out and grasped her forearm with unshakable force. She turned and read the pleading in my eyes and pulled up a chair with her free arm. Sitting down she laced her fingers with mine and a soothing breeze blew across all my aches and I settled down more comfortable into the bed. Accompanied by soothing tingles of Selena's hand running through my own corrupted flesh, the lethargy bore me down into darkness.
