 Tags: Corruption, Transformation, Adventure, Fantasy, Golem, Lesbian, Monster Girl, Male to Female, MtF, Couatl, 

***** 

It was refreshing to drift awake in Ata's arms. I'd expected that her rocky flesh would be uncomfortable, filling my muscles with knots and kinks. Her flesh instead seemed to conform to my arm, cradling it in a sort of armor that flaked off as she stirred beneath me, her flesh reforming into the rambunctious sister I'd discovered last night. I felt bad that I'd been so passive yesterday, a proverbial pillow princess or cold fish, depending on your preferred metaphor. Her face was still forming as I my hand snaked between her thighs, seeking out her slit. A flat plane of warm granite met my fingertips. Chuckling at my confusion, her citrine eyes rolled into view as pulled me in close for a kiss. 

"That's sweet of you, but I'm a mixture of animated granite and empathy stones. There's no nerves down there for you to stimulate." 

"But you seemed to be enjoying yourself last night." I was surprised by how thoroughly she'd fooled me. 

"I did enjoy myself last night." Her arm snaked out and palmed my breast, the sensitive flesh tingling as they sent a jolt of sweet sensation through my body. 

Our sighs were nearly instantaneous and her eyes danced with mirth. 

"Empathy stones sweety, I feel as good as you feel. In fact, I feel exactly what you feel, and I must say that this body is awfully sensitive, an abundance of toys to play with. Also, what was that thing that you did with those tails last night? I've never had someone inject their energy directly into me quite like you did. Awfully forward of you," she said playfully. 

"I've no idea what I'm doing, as I'm sure you suspect, and these things," I gestured to my tails which acquiesced to my commands as they swung in front me, twining around each other as the tips peeled back to reveal the needle tips, "tend to have a mind of their own at times." 

She gave the tips a little kiss. "Well, I think that they're cute and know how to show this girl a good time." During this entire time she continued to gently massage my tit. I decided to test her by surreptitiously sliding my hand along the muscular curve of my ass. Flexing my fingers my talon like nails painfully abraded my kevlar tough skin. 

She hissed and her eyes flashed orange as she jumped. Her hand traced her own ass as she narrowed her eyes at me. 

"Awwww. You don't just blindly trust what I say." She pushed me over onto my back as she crawled over me. "That won't do. A goddess that can't trust her raiments will be vulnerable, and that's something I'm unwilling to abide." She moved over me on her hands and knees, her smallish breasts threatening to squish onto my larger ones. As I watched, a deep groove worked its way down the center of her chest to her navel where the grove bifurcated into matching lines heading towards her sides. Nervous, I watched as the panels slid soundlessly away from her torso, revealing a swirling mass of colors. Imagine a cat swallowed a box of crayons and then vomited the dissolved remains into a bowl. It looked something like that. Swallowing nervously as I watched, slightly unnerved by the first serious expression I'd ever seen on her face, she slowly pulled me towards her core. Her eyes however, still teased me with an easy irreverence. Relaxing, I allowed my hand to be guided into her chest. 

I watched as the colors bled through my skin into my veins, a technicolor river that marched towards my heart. My essence suddenly expanded beyond the bounds of my skin before being sucked back into its fleshy confines. My eyes rolled as I felt her youthful spirit settle inside me, her quiet joy using the empty spaces of my psyche like a bouncy castle. As my senses settled so too did my awareness of Ata inside my head. She was a sweet joyful girl with an ocean of loyalty and I cradled her metaphysical essence to my breast. 

Or, I tried to anyway. She danced around my cautious grasp, leaving little pinpricks of joy across my body. I giggled as she skipped around me before she swooped in, nuzzling her forehead across my neck. 

"Oh. I almost missed you there little one. I look forward to serving alongside you." A little chirrup responded to Ata's soundless voice. "That's sweet of you to say, I'd be happy to call you sister. Until we meet again." 

Using her physical body, she gave my clavicle a quick lick before she retreated, her chest cavity closing around her core. She flashed, a quick citrine pulse that blasted from the gemstone portions of her body. She flopped onto my body, writhing around on my chest like a cat atop a pile of catnip. 

"That went far easier than it should have. You're far more accommodating and trusting than you should be. I'll have to watch for skullduggery on your behalf. But first your mana stores seem-" My stomach rumbled as hunger struck me for the first time since being summoned. "Seemed to be dangerously low. What is your priest doing? I'll have to have words with him if he's slacking this badly on the job." 

"Priest who?" 

Incredulous, she pulled back to look me in the eye, checking me for seriousness. 

"Shit, if you don't even have a priest yet. We're in more trouble than I thought. Your nascent familiar is also draining you as she grows, so we need to get the conduit situated quickly or it'll be bad for both you and the little one. Hmmmmm. I can't follow you as I need some time to rest and recharge and ol' Daddy here is the best place for that." As she talked she casually reached out and popped off her right forearm at the elbow. I sputtered as she held out her severed appendage toward me. 

"What are you doing?!" 

"Oh. Ohhhh," she gave me a sly smile. "Take my hand and find out." She waved the separated arm in the air above my face, teasing me for my discomfort. Following her directions, I cautiously took her hand, threading my fingers through her motionless marble ones. Like a miniature self assembly voxel robot, tiny blocks separated from the bulk of the hand and rolled up my arm, assembling into smooth planes of material. A gleaming gauntlet of sinister obsidian with streaks of gleaming gemstones the same color of my flesh formed before astonished gaze. After the gauntlet was fully constructed up to my elbow, I flexed my hand experimentally, suffering no pinching or loss of movement. In fact, I could barely notice it was there, like it was an extension of my own skin. Jabbing lightly at the ground, I tested it's reaction to impact. 

Barely. Anything. 

A harder punch produced the same reaction, and I pulled my fist from the two foot crater I'd created in the ground. I looked at the gauntlet in wonder, my mind traveling the natural logic pathways. 

"Yes. I know I'm awesome. Feel free to praise me more," Ata spoke from the small space she occupied inside my mind. "But you can sing my virtues later, we need to get you a priest as soon as we can now back to the village. What did you call it?" 

"Cephalon." 

"Right. Cephalon, and who was your summoner?" 

"Selena" 

"Right. The cheeky cunt. Let's head to her house. Chop, chop, quick like a bunny." 

Snorting, at her irreverent attitude, I took off in a loping jog that quickly ramped into a sprint that was faster than most cars could run. 

I slowed down before I got to the village, unwilling to leave the deep gouges in the cobblestones like I'd left in the forest floor. 

"And forest tree trunks and various forest animals." 

"Hey. I didn't hurt anything on my way here." 

I paused for a second. 

"I think. And anyway how are you even talking to me?" 

"Through my arm, it's still a part of me no matter how far it travels." I looked at the arm with even greater respect. 

"Wow. You're a regular swiss army knife aren't you? Masturbation assistant and walkie talkie, what will you do next, slice through a shoe?" 

"What can I say, I'm a vestment of many talents." 

"How's this even gonna go down? I've no idea how to make anyone my priest or priestess?" 

"It's easy, your body will know what to do." 

"It won't hurt her will it?" 

"Not at all. What happened to you will happen to her only to a lesser degree. She'll partake of your essence and be changed by it." 

"What if she doesn't want it?" 

"Then we'll need to find someone else. Your body still follows your direction... mostly. Would you ever consider taking a woman without her consent?" 

"No! Never!" 

"Then you have nothing to worry about. Now, where are you going?" 

"To Selena's house," I said like it was obvious. We were only a block away at this point as I deftly slipped unnoticed through the random passersby, making my way through the town. 

"Ummmm... No you're not. That's a gemstone mage's workshop. The woman who summoned you is in that direction." As Ata spoke, she metaphysically pulled on a string that I hadn't even known existed. Like a guitar chord that vibrated with the essence of Selena, the bond between us vibrated each of us acting as an anchor as the waves passed up and down the line before fading. 

"Wow. You really are new to this." 

"Sorry to disappoint," I said a little snappishly. 

"Far from it. I'm eager to show you all the in's and outs to this business. Especially the in and outs to the ins and outs and ins and outs," she finished the last part with interspersed breathless moans. 

"Stop that, it's time to get serious." I could now feel the weakness clawing at my muscles with cold helpless hunger following in its wake. 

"Then stop hesitating and knock on the door you wussy." 

That's when I realized I was nervous. I, the big bad monster, was nervous like a sixteen year old virgin knocking on the door of his prom date. I let a smirk make it's home on my face, and I sauntered up to the door and knocked, accidently rattling the door with thunderous noise. I winced as the sound of pitter pattering feet sounded from behind the door. Looking around, the house was fairly well kempt, but I could almost see Selena's fraying mental state in the few missing roof tiles and a window that's expanded beyond its frame, probably from rain. The door creaked open and I was greeted with the wide eyed rambunctious face of a young child of about five or six. He had dirty blond hair and deep blue eyes. It was hard not to laugh at his astonished wonder in conjunction with the dirt streak that ran from a forehead down the side of his face. I knelt down until I was eye level with the boy. 

"Hello there." 

"Hi," the boy replied, his mouth flopping open as he worked his tongue into the raw void in his mouth where a tooth had recently resided. I could smell the bit of blood that mixed with a stew smell that came out of his mouth. 

"Is Selena home?" 

"Selena!" He yelled. "A cat is here to see you." 

I snorted as I examined the boy while also listening to Selena stumble about a bit in the back of the house. "Cat's aren't usually colored red, nor do they have horns." I gave him a sideways glance. "You're not scared of me are you?" I asked, surprised by his easy acceptance of my appearance. 

"Why? I like cats," he said like the answer was obvious. He stomped towards me, his movements full of what looked like a seven or eight elbows and knees, coming to stop right in front of me. 

"Good kitty," he said as he reached out and pet my hair and ears. "Soft," he said, voice full of innocent wonder. 

Selena strode through the hallway that led to her front door, drying her hands on a cloth as she walked. "Jackson, what do you mean a cat is..." her voice trailed off as she saw me crouched with, what my nose told me, her younger brother. 

I slowly unspooled from my position standing tall with undaunted height, vividly recalling our last conversation. While Selena thought about what to say to me I saw a familiar face peek around her shoulder. 

"It's you," the woman whispered, with undecipherable undertones. The woman I'd rescued pushed her way through the doorway, displacing Selena as she worked her way in front of me. 

I don't know what I was expecting but it certainly wasn't for her to kiss me. 

And, hot damn. What a kiss it was. She was firm and sensual as her lips pinched and caressed as they teased each millimeter of my mouth. And her tongue. 

Oh my god, her tongue. It did things. Things I didn't know were possible for tongue to do. 

I blushed as she pulled away, her leg wrapped sensually around my thigh, locking me in without my noticing. 

"How do you know how to do that?" The words slipped out before I could really consider them. 

"Well I hope I could show you something, considering my... profession..." she looked nervous and guilty as she quickly pulled away. Reading my confusion she looked dismayed. 

"Of course you don't. Stupid Jen." Tears sprung at her eyes. I could tell how fragile she was because she crossed her arms over her ample chest, rubbing them for comfort as she shivered. "I thought you saved me because..." I rushed forward and pulled her head against my chest, smothering her slightly in my cleavage. 

"Shhhhh. Honey, it'll be okay. I'm here for you. I'm not going anywhere." Selena watched wistfully as I ran my hands through her hair, while my tails wrapping around her back like ropes, tying her to me even tighter. Jackson, bored and full of energy, abandoned the scene in front of him to chase a butterfly around to the back of the house. My stomach rumbling was just the thing I needed to cut through the strange atmosphere that'd developed. I laughed a little which sparked an answering laugh from the woman in my arms. Instinctually I rubbed the side of my face against her forehead while I let my tongue slide out of my mouth and delicately remove all the little traces of her tears. She watched my reverently, her fingers gently tracing the curl of my horns, before she rubbed away the last bit of tear and saliva from her face. 

"You are worth more than you realize," I said, taking a stab in the dark. 

"Yeah, well you wouldn't be saying that if you knew you were cozying up to a whore," she said bitterly, accentuating whore like a swear word. 

"I think we got off on the wrong foot here, let's try again." I stepped back and spun in a quick circle. 

"Hi, my name is Bast and I'm a friendly monster summoned from another realm to protect this town." I held out my hand and she looked at me with a mix of amusement and disbelief. "Pssst... Now it's your turn," I whispered loudly out the side of my mouth. Giggling a little, she reached out to took my hand in both of hers, giving it a firm shake. 

"Hi Bast, I'm Jennifer and I have sex with people for money." She looked around as if to check to see if someone is listening before speaking in a hushed tone, "I'd also like to have sex with you. No money needed." 

"What!?!" Selena's shocked cry came from behind Jennifer. "You're a lesbian?!" 

"Yes. I'm sorry if that offends your delicate scholarly sensibilities, m'lady," Jennifer replied with a caustically sarcastic tone. 

"No... That's not what I meant," she said quietly. 

My stomach rumbled again, this time with a dull ache of pain, and both the ladies turned to look at me. 

"Enough. We all love the T and A here but I have a bigger problem." 

"You're starving," Selena stated simply. At the same time, Jennifer questioned, "T and A? What's that?" 

My head jerked to stare straight at her. 

"You knew! You sucked me into this world! Turned me into this thing! Then you left me to starve!" 

"Just give me a chance to explain." She rubbed a hand over her face as, looking guilty and harried as hell. 

"I'm waiting," I growled at her. I barely noticed as Jennifer crept back into my embrace, heaps of questions oozing out of her every inch as she held me close. 

"The text I used as the basis for the ritual discussed a link between the summoner and the vessel, a nascent being of power. A link that would irrevocably change the makeup and course of the summoner's life. There was some confusion on the exact translation but the word sacrifice appeared more than a few times. After my parents died, I'm all my brothers have left in the world. The summoner's supposed to provide the being nourishment during its time on earth, acting as a conduit. My colleagues hypothesized that this meant the summoner would be consumed in the act of generating the energy to call forth the being. I believed it to be an overblown warning to prevent the unprepared from attempting a ritual they were unprepared for. Then I saw how fearsome and strong you were and the doubt started to creep in. Then the thing with Jennifer happened and... I know what the signs of assault look like, it's not an altogether uncommon occurrence in this town. It's a worry that's kept me up at night. A man forcing himself on... Well you get the idea. All I'm trying to say is I jumped to a poor conclusion and I'm sorry. You deserved better from me." 

"Fine. I forgive you, for the misunderstanding; not, for abandoning me. Now... Jennifer?" My instincts were reaching out for the damaged girl. I turned my attention to her and cupped her face with one of my paws. "Would you like to to be my priestess?" 

"Just like that," they both responded at the same time. Jennifer gestured for Selena to go first. 

"So you don't need me anymore?" Selena asked, a little morosely. 

"Correct. Just know that I'd never do anything to take you away from or hurt your family. Now your turn," I pointed at Jennifer. 

"Me, really?" Jennifer said shyly. 

"Yes, you. I can tell you are a vibrant young woman who has an unfairly low opinion of herself. We'll work on that. Are you sure you're okay with becoming more like me?" 

"I'd love a little monster in me. Besides, its one's actions that determine one's humanity and you are a million times better a person than the 'man' that attacked me." 

"Good enough for me. Selena, is it okay if we borrow a bedroom for a bit." 

"Yeah, no problem." Selena looked relieved, disappointed, and more than a little frazzled as she led us through her house. I caught a glimpse of my face as we passed a hallway mirror, startled by the feral beauty there as well as the arrestingly unique violet eyes peering out of my face. Shaking it off I followed her to a cluttered room, occupied with the odds and ends collected by two young boys and deposited there by a harried sister slash surrogate mother. Jennifer held tight to my hand as she trailed behind. 

"I know it's not much-" 

"It's perfect." I pulled her into a side hug complete with a small kiss on the top of her head. I could smell her relief and arousal as I gave her a reassuring smile while I ushered her reluctantly out the door. Jennifer slid around me, leapfrogging the junk as she moved towards the uncluttered bed. Leaning back against the door, I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, composing myself. 

"You'll be fine, she wants this you know," Ata provided. 

How do you know? 

"Empath stones. Right now she's like sixty percent excitement, five percent nervousness and ninety percent arousal." 

That doesn't add up. 

"What can I say, she's operating beyond peek capacity." 

Cheeky. I couldn't stop my grinning at Ata's wit and not too unsubtle attempt at easing my tension. Thanks... sister. 

"Love you, sister" 

Jennifer had already undressed and arranged herself on the bed, her hand lazily draped over her quim. Licking my proverbial lips, I stalked towards the bed. I was so locked into our mutual gaze it wasn't until I was a foot or so from the bed that I noticed the scratches on her chest and the bruise on her upper arm. An echoing rage from yesterday tried to settle over me, but I shrugged it off like a dirty coat. Now wasn't the time. Instead I calmed myself and shook my head to clear the lust-webs from it. 
