 Carorna took up the call, "Let the ceremony continue." This was the time when the two hundred male worshippers could choose of the three hundred Priestesses, including the Attendants, a woman to take the part for them of the Goddess and the ceremony would broaden to include most of the worshippers. The four male Priests whose duty to guard the Giver was finished, would also take a Priestess. The High Priestesses were not obliged to participate but usually did. If they wished to they could choose first from among the male worshippers but not the Priests. Carorna indicated that she would participate and quickly went down to the floor of the circle where she selected a tall farmer to be her Giver. She took him back to a table behind the altar. Karesa was under no obligation to participate further and usually the officiate would recover and watch from now on. It appeared that she had decided to remain on the altar and had ordered the "Giver" to minister to her own needs more gently than before. Now he had given up his seed he was no longer required to give more seed but with his hands and his tongue he could be expected to minister to the desires of the officiate if she chose.

The High Priest Taregir also had first choice over the Priestesses only if he so desired. Otherwise he must watch from above. He strode forward and chose one of the attendants, the slim dark haired one who had been next to Dianorla. He took her to a table behind the altar. Dianorla was pleased she had not been picked by him. 

Although she had been picked by him on a number of occasions before she found him forceful and selfish, although it would again have been an honour. She no longer hoped she could avoid being chosen because she had found the first ceremony so powerful. Her arousal was strong and she had resisted, so far, the temptation to masturbate, but the magic in the air, or was it her own unsatiated natural desire, meant that she must participate in the next part of the ceremony, for her relief. It was very unlikely that an attendant already naked and considered attractive would escape the choice of two hundred male worshippers and four priests. If her own excitement was anything to go by the audience must be desperate to participate by now. She wondered if they had been as filled by the wild magic of the ceremony as she had. She assumed that they could not have been unaffected by the scenes she had witnessed or by the magnetic insistence of the echoing sounds. She wondered how many of them might have been overcome, like the two attendants, by the desire to masturbate. She saw that some of the farmers did indeed already have their hands beneath their tunics. Bulges indicated arousal. A few had them revealed and their tunics parted or raised.

Attendants often found that they were chosen by male priests because they stood nearby. After Taregir had chosen, the males were free to choose. Always there was a rush as certain males would head for the attendants or for the prettiest Priestesses, but there were more than enough Priestesses for all of them.

As the farmers who were here this evening milled around surveying their choice of Priestesses Dianorla remained at the altar, naked. For the farmers this was an exciting event. Rarely would they have the choice of so many Priestesses or be able to take part in an orgy on such a large scale. They came to the Temple at Sharlon only occasionally and were used to smaller ceremonies in the villages where they lived. Priestesses probably visited them regularly to conduct ceremonies but their participation in gatherings at the temple might happen only once in a month, or perhaps two. This particular ceremony was frequently performed by the Priestesses but the different occupations of the area had to wait their turn. The men were usually very excited therefore at the prospect of sexual communion on such a scale. Many of them took some time in selecting their first partner. There would be plenty of Priestesses to choose from and they probably considered that they might as well select a woman who would excite them the most. Others, the young ones who were new to this and awed by the Priestesses might take the first Priestess they could find. Some farmers mounted the steps, approaching. They all had such strong muscular legs under their tunics. Many were tall. Some were good looking, others were average.

She was done for, she knew. There was now no chance she would not be picked, she always was. She was too attractive to escape. She would have been foolish to hope that she might. After the first part of the ceremony she did not want to escape. She wanted to be selected. It was surely far better to participate than to watch and grow bored. The priest from the far corner of the altar, a man she knew well called Petrun, approached her also but when he saw the farmers approaching her, he knew he was beaten and went in pursuit perhaps of other less well sought after targets. Three farmers stood before her now. All reached their right hands forward in the ceremonial sign of invitation. It was for her to decide from amongst them now, unless they wished to withdraw. None made a move to give up their invitations although the Priest had done already. Rarely was she passed by. The farmers knew they had a chance of winning her favour, and were prepared to risk a rejection knowing that one of them would have her. Dutifully she surveyed them quickly. The one on the left was a little short and not so good looking in the face. The middle one had very strong legs. She imagined that the bulge in the pants of his tunic denoted his excitement. He was handsome and tall. The third was not quite so good although at any other time she might have chosen his pretty looks. Her choice was easy: the tall one. She pointed at him and took his hand. The others left reluctantly to find another. It was through occasions such as these that she realised her attraction.

There were no bench seats available so she waved to the floor and descended to it. She sprawled back on the cool stone and watched him peel off his tunic. His erect member stuck straight out pointing at her. He stepped forward and stood before her, inviting her to grasp his manhood. His hand encircled his shining penis, taking the loose skin over the top of the glans. Leaning forwards her legs wide open astride his, she reached out to grasp him and take him into her mouth. Before she lowered her gaze she had time to take note of his strong shoulders, his lithe smooth body and his muscled thighs. She wrapped the penis gently and played it gently with her tongue, enjoying its size at the same time brushing her hand across his smooth muscled torso. She had done well this evening, she thought. Her earlier lassitude was ameliorated by the pleasure of this fine specimen. He was not just some ordinary looking man, but one who could have been worth saving herself for.

Without words - there was no need for them in the midst of a ceremony - his hands drew down from her shoulders to the flesh below her breasts and began to draw her up. She turned over and onto her knees and bent forwards, glancing provocatively behind her to see what he would do, and offered her wide buttocks to him. Instead of bringing his warm penis straight to the flesh which was offered him the man knelt behind her and brought his head closer to her. The farmer held Dianorla's hips, drawing her silky thighs to his hungry mouth.

Dianorla held her thighs out, and turned her head to see the farmer as she enjoyed the lapping of the man's soft lips on the most sensitive lips of her sex. His hands were all over her, around her legs, under her bottom. Then to her pleasant surprise a finger was inserted just a little into her anus. She cried out amongst the baying that many men and women all around were giving, and the moaning echo which was again growing in volume, the amalgamation of all the noises which the participants were making. The echo was something beyond normality, persuading her that an immense magical energy was rising from the passion being generated.

Soon the farmer raised himself and began to beat her buttocks lightly with his warm extended penis, dribbling little drops of juice on her flesh. She smiled at him provocatively, and wriggled her bottom at him. This was proving to be a far better 

evening than she had thought, despite the ill news. Somehow the magic of the ceremony was keeping all fears and uncertainty at bay. Her former tiredness was gone completely now and she felt excited by the prospect of being penetrated by him, by any man at last. Her sex lips were wide open now aching for more attention. Suddenly his thick penis, which had nestled against her lips, was inside her, pushing deep into her flesh.

She took pleasure and sustenance from the general physical occurrences all around them. All around naked farmers and priests lay with naked priestesses, some preferred to stand. Carorna, the High Priestess, unrobed completely to reveal her near sixty year old body, was astride her tall farmer. Dianorla could see the farmer's large penis disappearing into Carorna's groin. Her aged breasts were like empty sacks, and blue veins stood out in her legs, but for all her age she was fit looking. Dianorla could admire the statuesque shape of her body and the undoubted strength of her face. There were some other priestesses here of this age, although many of that age now preferred smaller ceremonies, and were less likely to be selected in the large ones. Carorna's hands upraised as she rode her man, reminiscent of Karesa's earlier ride, but she issued spells and incantations as she moved her body. Were her spells keeping the chosen man's penis strong, or were they drawing and directing the power of the Goddess to the battlefields in the north? Dianorla could not know for sure, but she would not have been surprised if it were both. Certainly it was obvious that Carorna was a centre of power in this ceremony, enabling, directing.

As Dianorla enjoyed the sensation of being ploughed and rocked from behind she observed Carorna, and it seemed to her that Carorna grew taller and more forceful in her physical movements as her spells continued. Her body seemed to stretch, wrinkles becoming less, fatty flesh around midriff and upper arms less loose and more shapely, and swellings on her legs reduced. Perhaps it was the magic of the ceremony, thought Dianorla, having effects upon her imagination. Had Carorna ever been old and tired looking? Perhaps Dianorla had been wrong about her before. The man beneath Carorna became wild, his eyes fixed upon breasts, which became larger and fuller by the minute. Carorna's eyes bore into him and she brought one of her arms down to caress him all over his sweating flesh. Carorna's hips thrust faster in response to the man's agitation. He screamed, openly and unashamedly, like someone who is unaware of the presence of others, someone whose soul has been completely freed from the shackles of communal control, like a grown man who has been returned to childhood with all his adult appreciation intact. His legs stretched and shook, confined by hers. His arms gripped her plunging torso, and reached for those magnificent breasts. His shaking went on for some minutes, while his unintelligible screaming was taken up and reverberated in the echo, which combined it with all the other sounds of ecstasy. 

Carorna's incantation was high pitched and loud now, perhaps a sign of her own approaching orgasm. His shaking and screaming reached a crescendo, stuttered a few times, and went silent, panting. Carorna's seemed to take place fractionally later, as if it had been triggered by his. Her body kept jerking rapidly on his penis. She put her own hand, which had been upraised to the last, to her liquid clitoris, scratching violently. Then a shower of fluid arched out from her over the farmer's chest and stomach, and she collapsed forward and then back, unable to still herself in this outpouring. Her wail was a pure moan then without words. Finally she rested forward, draped over the farmer's inert body, panting loudly. Immediately words of incantation could be heard, fast and loud. Twisting her head to the right Dianorla saw Karesa, the Giver's head licking her between her legs, reciting the words, which reverberated around the hall, and raising her arms. 

Dianorla panted faster as her own satisfaction increased. Her farmer held his penis as he drew in and out of her vagina. Then he withdrew and quickly turned her over. She gazed into his dark lashed eyes. She could see the fullness of his desire and lust there as he penetrated her again from above. Her hands found his firm testicles and fondled them. Squeezing him harder she lifted her body to meet his thrusts, feeling the largeness of him inside her, vibrating with its own life and touching her everywhere. She cried out as she began to orgasm. Her cries brought on his conclusion too as she was battered by his final lusts.

Exhausted from the ceremony Dianorla tied her robe around the waist and followed the other Priestesses from the temple. Another evening's work was finished, but it had been an evening unlike any she had known at the temple. Like everyone she had often enjoyed sexual activities and had been happy to worship the Goddess, but she had never really believed in her existence until now. It had taken war and danger to the people of the Empire for the true power of the Goddess to be revealed. Doubtless the High Priestesses had always used her magic to maintain harmony, but on this night there had been a life threatening cause which demanded her magic to be raised. Now Dianorla had no doubts. She had seen it with her own eyes, heard its strong music, and felt it in the depths of her soul. She hoped that the sexual magic which had been created by participants and observers alike would be enough to turn the tide in this war of survival. She felt reinvigorated. Her existence as a priestess had meaning and purpose. As the restored younger Carorna had said at the end, she could consider that the energy she contributed was as important in saving the Empire as the defence provided by the warriors who withstood the barbarian hordes. What a wonderful way to be able to contribute.