 As a child, I'd been told never to open the door under the stairs. I was forbidden to even think about it. At first, I'd been curious. I'd seen my father go in late at night and not return for several hours. I would lie on the floor and try to hear something, anything, but I never did. As I grew older, I figured it was just an office space. My father was a personal man, so why wouldn't he want a place where he could be alone? I grew up and moved out, at least until my father passed from a heart attack. My mother hadn't been around for years, and no one knew where she was or what she was up to. She'd just left. So, I inherited the house.

When I received the keys and a letter from the lawyer, I was on my way back to my childhood home. I spent days cleaning the house before I finally read the note from my father. It was only six words. In the Apple of My Eye. I was confused to say the least, thinking my father had gone crazy. At least until I found a book on his desk, titled Apple of My Eye. I opened the book, but at first saw nothing. Was my father telling me to read? As I was getting ready to close the book, I felt something bulky under the cover. I peeled it off, and a key was taped to the book. I felt my heart stop, because I knew what the long, odd key was. It was the same one he'd used nightly to enter the forbidden room, or whatever it was.

So, now I was standing in front of the door, debating opening it. It had been my father's private space, his one unbothered place. Did I really want to ruin that?

Curiosity got the best of me, and before I knew it, the door was open, I stared into blackness, the only thing visible was the first few stairs leading down into a basement. What was so special about the basement? I felt around for a light and found a switch. I flipped it, staring at the continuous stairs before making my way down. The basement was practically empty, minus a bed that looked used, and an old plate of food on the floor. "What the hell?" My mind didn't have time to wrap around what could have possibly been happening down here before something else caught my attention.

A growl erupted from some hidden spot in the room, a scream erupting from me before the sound of metal scraping the ground exposed something that I never would have thought my father was capable of.

A man came running at me full force until his chains had him stopped but inches from me. I was petrified. I couldn't move, couldn't speak, couldn't think. The man looked angry, hungry, and young... He couldn't be but a few years older than me. What was he doing in here? Why was he here? Another lower growl broke my current state and I screamed, running for the stairs. "No! Wait! Please." The low voice sounded in my head, so desperate and lost. I kept going, ready to close the door and never look back until he spoke again. "Help me..." He sounded so broken, so weak.

I stared at the door for what felt like forever until I let out a sigh. My heart was pounding in my chest, sweat perspiring on my palms, and I was turning around. "Who are you?" I called, not bothering to go any further.

"My name is Elric Archibald."

"Why are you here?"

He was silent for a moment, and I heard the chains slowly move around for a moment. "I was brought against my will."

"Why?"

"You... You don't know?"

"Know what?" What was he talking about? Why would my father want this man in the basement? My father had been a genetic specialist, so what did this man have that interested my father enough to keep him locked in my basement all these years?

"I thought you were one of them. Not one has been down here in days. I thought you were here to run more tests. Who are you?" One of them? How many people had my father had down here, and for what purpose?

"You didn't answer my question." I found myself walking back down the stairs, the man coming back into view. Now that I wasn't as scared, I could take in his appearance. Yes, he was close to my age, maybe just a few years older. He had black, thick, wavy hair that rested at the nape of his neck, hauntingly bright golden brown eyes, a firm mouth, a jaw that looked stubborn and perfectly chiseled onto his square face. He was tall, probably over six-foot, and his body was firm. He wore nothing but jeans, exposing his chest, and it was marvelous. Tanned skin stretched over many contours and dips of muscle. He looked like he'd come out of a wet dream.

"I'm... different." It was simple, but not enough.

"Different how?"

"I answered yours, now you answer mine." His eyes judged me, trying to figure me out. He wanted to know if I was the good guy or the bad guy.

"I'm Amelia Hastings."

I watched Elric's eyes widen then narrow. "You're of relation to him?" Another growl erupted from his chest, it was animalistic and frightening. I took a step back. "You're his kin. You're in on this, aren't you? You're tricking me. Tell me, do you enjoy this?"

"I have no idea what you're talking about. I swear it." his eyes were dark and accusing as he stared into mine. "Tell me how you're different."

"Why, so you can run back to your daddy and tell him what the monster told you?"

"My father's dead." Elric blinked blankly at me. "And so is whatever he did to you."

"What he did to me will never die. Your father is more cruel than anything else on this planet. The things he did to me were unethical and torturous. He didn't even care."

"No, my father wasn't like that."

Elric laughed humorlessly then shook his arms, the chains vibrating against the floor. "Not like what? He wouldn't chain someone into his basement? He wouldn't stick them with needles, starve them, or inject them with things meant to kill a normal human? Why don't you look for yourself." His head turned, and I followed his gaze. I saw a smaller room in the corner I hadn't noticed before. An old desk sat there with a single folder on it. I looked back at Elric, his gaze hard and prodding. He wanted me to look. So, I did. And what I found was terrifying. I knew my father had been a distant, different man, but I hadn't expected something like this out of him.

Subject appears to be part beast, part man. Transforms when agitated.

Entry 1: Three days without food, subject shows signs of transforming. Trembles, muscle spasms, anger. Whipped subject today, he still refused transformation.

Entry 7: Tested reaction to silver. Evident pain. Screaming, popping veins, blood changed color. Will try again in one week.

Entry 12: Day nine, subject still refuses to turn. Still haven't fed subject. Appears to be going through painful muscle spasms. Injected with 400mg of Morphine. Subject showed no sign of receiving such lethal dose.

Entry 35: Subject grows weak. Beat the subject, still refuses to transform. Heals rapidly. Three hours for bruises to dissipate, six for large lacerations.

I couldn't read anymore. I felt repulsed by what my father had done to this man. He was delusional. "This is insane." I whispered.

"But true." Elric said behind me, his chains not allowing him to be anywhere near the door frame.

"But... He claims you're part beast. That isn't even logical."

"He was correct."

I looked at Elric. He didn't look anything like a beast. He looked nothing more than a beautiful man. He transforms. "How?"

I was frightened again. Elric was either just as delusional, or he really was half-beast. I highly doubted he was delusional. Everything he'd said until now was correct. "I'm half man, half wolf. A lycan. I can transform between the two at will."

I sat in the chair that accompanied the desk, not really sure if I was ready for this. All these years, I'd been told not to enter this room, and now I knew why. My father had a dark secret that could get him killed or locked up. A secret he was doing horrible things with. "I-I'm so sorry." My voice was shaking, hell I was shaking. It was too much.

Elric looked taken back from my apology. "This isn't your fault."

I ignored him and searched the desk for something, anything that could tell me how to free this man. "There has to be a key."

"There's no key." Elric sighed and I glanced at him. "These chains are operated by a machine. It's password activated." He pointed to a small box placed against the wall away from him. I felt my heart drop. How was I supposed to help him? "If you're father has passed, I'm as good as dead in this place."

"No. I refuse to believe that. I will help you. I'll get you out of here. One way or another." I shook my head, refusing to believe that he would die in this house, under my roof.

"Well, you could start with feeding me. I'm starved."

"What do you even eat?"

"I am half human remember? I can eat real food, Amelia." It was the first time he'd said my name, but something about how it sounded off his tongue sent a shiver down my spine, one that wasn't unpleasant. I just nodded and headed upstairs. I was gone for about an hour, making many different things. I made a lot of meat. He was part wolf right? Wolves loved meat. He would need it anyways. I filled a large container with water, figuring he was probably just as thirsty. Finally, I met him downstairs.

He was lying on the small mattress, staring at the ceiling. When he saw me, he sat back up and eyed the large plate with obvious hunger. He stood and walked closer, his eyes not leaving the food until he was within reaching distance. I had expected him to rip it from my hands and devour it. Instead, he finally looked up at me and smiled. "It smells delicious. Thank you." He took it from me gently and made his way back to the mattress. Even as starved as he probably was, he took his time eating, savoring. Acting like he would never eat again. This was a man that was hard to break. If it wasn't obvious from my father's constant refuses to turn notes, it was now. He hadn't let starvation turn him into what my father wanted. I watched admirably as he acted like he'd eaten three meals a day. Then he shocked me even further. "I apologize. Would you like some? I didn't even ask if this was all mine."

I shook my head. "It's all yours." After he finished eating and drinking, his eyes met mine with deep appreciation, but I had questions. "How long have you been kept here?"

"Eighteen years or more. I lost count after a while."

"You must have been but a child when my father found you." I walked closer but stopped when I was at the mattress. "May I?" He nodded and I sat next to him. His eyes took me in for a brief moment before he shut them and looked back at the plate.

"No. I was as I am now. Have been for nearly 160 years. I do not age." He seemed fidgety, uncomfortable with me sitting next to him. I didn't understand at first until realization hit me. He'd been down here for eighteen years, alone, without any female company. Now, I was sitting next to him as an ally, not the enemy. As all humans, he was probably craving that one connection that we took for granted. Just the touch of another human.

"My God. You must've had a family that would search for you."

His jaw clenched. "No, I didn't. I'd been exiled from my clan."

"Why?"

"I had been the leader, the alpha, but many didn't agree with the way I ruled. They told me I was too lenient and giving. So, they retaliated. My right hand man accused me of raping an innocent human woman. So, they exiled me and I ended up here fifty years later."

Out of instinct, I took his hand with mine. He instantly pulled back and looked at me with dark eyes. "I'm sorry." Although, I didn't know what for. I was only trying to help him.

"No. I'm sorry. I am grateful for your attempt to comfort me, but you must understand... I have not had the company of a woman in many years. You are a beautiful woman, Amelia, and I wouldn't want to do something I'd regret later."

I sat for a moment before I bit my lip and nodded, standing. I knew what he meant. He would take me beneath him, but that wasn't what scared me. What scared me was the fact that I'd, for a moment, been ready to let him. I excused myself without any other words and took comfort on my old couch. I had a man in my basement that was something of horror stories, and yet he was nothing but an abused mess. He should be angry and hostile, violent even. But he wasn't. He was still a sane, caring man. I had to find a way to free him, or I would be the one making a mistake.

I was up for hours that night, searching for clues as to how I could unlock Elric. No matter what I did, I came up with nothing. My father hid his tracks with ease. Suddenly, a thought popped into my head and I ran back down into the basement, passed Elric's sleeping form, and to the box. I typed in my mother's name, but it didn't work. Red flashed at me, so I tried my name. Nothing. "Fuck." I groaned and sat in the chair, staring at the box like it would show me the password.

"Amelia?" Elric's voice disturbed my thought, raspy and deep. I shivered internally, wondering what this man was doing to me.

"I'm here. Sorry I woke you... I thought I knew the password for a moment."

He was silent a while. "I scared you, did I not? You're afraid I'd hurt you." He sounded convinced and hurt. I didn't reply, simply because I didn't know what I'd say. No, I was afraid I'd let you. "I understand, but you must know that I would never dare such a thing. I would never hurt such a caring person." I looked down, ashamed that I couldn't find anything to say back. That was when something caught my attention. Sticking out from underneath the desk was the smallest sliver of white. I reached down and pulled it out. Two words melded were printed on the back and I felt my heart jump. It had to be. I stood and typed the two words into the keyboard, shock filling my mind when green flashed and the sound of metal releasing. Forgiveme. That was the password. Sorry, father... I can't forgive you for this. "Amelia..."

I came out of my trance and sprinted into the next room. Elric was now sitting on the mattress, his hands free from the chains finally. He was glancing down in disbelief before his eyes met mine. "I figured it out." I whispered with a smile. "You're free." I laughed, proud of myself for making such a large impact on someone.

Elric stood and walked over to me. "Thank you." He picked my hand up, bringing it to his lips. His eyes never left mine. The contact left my skin tingling and alive. I gulped, but he misinterpreted the meaning. He quickly dropped my hand and backed away.

I didn't give him a chance to say anything. "If you'd like, you can shower and change upstairs. You don't have to leave right away. I'm sure you'd like to rest in a real bed and eat before you head wherever you plan to go."

His eyes searched mine again. "I appreciate your kindness. Would you show me where the shower is?" I nodded and he followed me up the stairs. He hesitated a moment at the door. "I never thought I'd get out of this. I am eternally in your debt, Amelia." I just smiled and we continued. I grabbed him some old clothes of my father's, even as he nearly refused. I had to convince him that they were only clothes and it was better than having nothing. Finally, I grabbed him a towel and showed him the restroom. He nodded in appreciation and I left. It had to be close to morning, but instead of resting I decided to make more food. He was probably hungry again, and I was starting to be.

By the time he was finished, so was I. He came downstairs as I was fixing us both a plate and I could feel his eyes on me. "You seem comfortable in the kitchen. You like to cook?"

"I do. It's comforting." I smiled back at him. "Sit." I gestured to the table and he obeyed. I carried the plates over and sat across from him.

"It's amazing how much one takes for granted. We eat daily and believe that the company we share our meals with is unimportant. But once that's gone, we learn to appreciate it. It's... Nice to have your company."

How could someone that had been tortured for so long still be so caring? He was sweet and genuine. "I have to admit that it's nice having someone to eat with."

Elric furrowed his eyebrows. "You don't have a companion?" I smiled softly and shook my head. "Why? Such a woman as yourself should have many men trying to court her." It was becoming evident that he was much older than his physical appearance.

"No, unfortunately not. After I caught my ex in bed with his ex, I kind of quit looking." Was that anger I saw in Elric's eyes?

"Foolish man. Did he not see what an exquisite woman you are? It's his loss, not yours." This time, his hand reached for mine. I saw his eyes flicker momentarily, but he kept himself in control. I admired him for it. I wouldn't be able to have such control after years of being locked away without so much as a hand to hold. "You shouldn't give up such a search. You will find a man worthy of your love." He released my hand, leaving it tingling. I bit my lip and nodded. "I'm making you nervous. I'm sorry."

"You don't have to apologize for everything, Elric." I laughed. This man was insanely polite. I wondered if he was just as polite in bed. I quickly shook the thought from my mind. God, what was happening to me?

He smiled at me and we finally began to eat. I was hungry, and I could see that he was as well. As we ate, my mind wandered and I let it. He mentioned that he'd been without a woman for many years. So how would he really react when a woman gave him the chance to touch her? Would he be gentle and savor her like he does his food? Or would he ravage her, completely losing himself in his own desire? The latter made a shiver of excitement rumble through me. Somehow, I knew that Elric would be an ineffable lover either way. Some part of me craved that interaction, the simple touch that we take for granted.

I watched him, analyzed him. His hands were large and warm, calloused from possibly trying to fight his way out of the basement. I could only imagine the way they could caress me and stroke me. Would he allow me a quick orgasm, or would he drag it out until I begged him? His lips were almost pouty, so inviting and desirable. I crossed my legs beneath the table as a dampening made itself known against my panties. "Amelia." It sounded like a low throaty call. I broke from my thoughts and glanced at him. His eyes had darkened and were now staring at me. "You remember how I said I'm part wolf?" I just nodded, not sure where this was going. "That means I can smell things much better than a human."

"I don't understand." My heart accelerated, because I was afraid that I did.

"I can smell your neighbors cooking eggs from here. I can smell a bonfire three blocks away. Are you catching on?" I swallowed hard, but nodded. "Tell me what I'm smelling right now, Amelia." God, he had to say my name, didn't he? His eyes were beckoning me to answer. He knew damn well what it was, he just wanted to hear me say it.

"Arousal." I whispered. I thought I could hear a low growl come from Elric, but I wasn't sure.

"Tell me... What has you so suddenly aroused?" I looked down at his hands, the ones I'd been imagining on me and noticed that he had a death grip on his fork, bending it beneath his palm. He was barely holding onto that control. Wouldn't it feel amazing to have him unleash that control? Could I give up my own control and let a stranger such as him take me away? Could I let him bury himself inside of me. I shivered, knowing well that I could. "Fuck, Amelia." I had grown wetter, more aroused. He had completely destroyed the fork, and that much closer to destroying his control. I knew then that he really would be a ravaging man.

"You do." I breathed and he groaned. I watched him stand and come to me, yanking me from my spot.

"Do you have any idea what you're doing? What I could be doing to you right now if I had no control? I am barely holding on."
