 Chapter 1: Departure

The wind catches your long black hair and you push it away from your eyes and look out your bedroom window. The leaves of the tall oak tree in your backyard are moving gently in the wind and in the distance, the faint yelling and laughter of children can be heard. A small yawn escapes your mouth as you rise from bed and walk into the bathroom. 

Looking in the mirror you see yourself, a healthy, slim 22 year old girl about 5' 7" tall. Your piercing green eyes accentuate your cute face and your breasts have grown in nicely at a C cup. Walking over to your closet, you browse through your wardrobe and decide on a tight white shirt and skinny jeans, so you get dressed and then head outside. It's Friday and there is an important test on Monday so you've decided to help your best friend study.

"Hey! Mika! I'm over here!" Gwen is as energetic as usual today it seems and her sparkling blue eyes meet yours as she playfully skips towards you and gives you a big hug.

"Alright, alright, keep it down I'm right next to you." You say slightly annoyed.

"Sorry, but you know how I get a bit carried away sometimes hahahaha!" Gwen laughs it off and leads you towards her house. 

Along the way, you catch yourself checking out Gwen. It's not as if you like her that way, she's been your friend for as long as you can remember. It's just hard not to notice with the way her long, golden blonde hair bounces off her shoulders with every step and you swear she is swaying her ass a little more than necessary in her short blue skirt.

"Ughh, why do these tests have to be so hard?" Gwen whines as the two of you round another corner.

"We're in college now. It's not supposed to be easy." You reply.

"I know, I know, lucky I have you to help me though." Gwen says as she winks at you.

After a few more minutes of walking, you are on a street you've never been on before. Nothing out of the ordinary, but nothing familiar either. As Gwen is turning the corner, a glint catches your eye through a window. You stop for a moment to try to make out what it is through the dusty curtains.

"What's up? Did you see something?" Gwen asks.

"I don't know, there was a light, but I don't see it any more." Your words barely leaving your lips before Gwen tries the handle on the old wooden door and surprisingly, it creaks open.

"Well, that's weird, let's check it out!" Gwen says confidently, although she waits for you to take the first step in.

The building is old and dusty and almost looks out of place among the more modern architecture in this part of the city. 

Gwen coughs and says, "This place is so run down. I wonder why no one has fixed it up yet? What do you think Mika? With a little work, it could be a cute little salon!"

You are about to reply when a light catches your eye. The interior is dark, the daylight blocked by the tall, empty shelves and dusty old sheets hung up like curtains, but in the back corner you notice the same light from before, only much clearer now. A tall shape is covered by a dusty tan canvas tarp and at the top, shining even underneath the thick cloth, is an eerie reddish glow.

"Whoa... That's kinda creepy, huh? What do you think it is?" Gwen slowly lifts her arm to the top of the object and pulls the tarp away. 

The two of you stand there speechless for a moment, bathing in a crimson glow before you speak.

"A-are you seeing this?" Is all you can manage to say.

A large ornate mirror stands in the corner of the otherwise empty building, its surface rippling and distorting your reflections while a beautiful red gemstone shines proudly from a fixture at the top.

"Is that a mirror? What's wrong with it?" Gwen asks as she hesitantly touches the golden trim around the mirror's rippling surface.

"I have no idea, and what's with that light?" Your gaze is drawn to the gemstone and it almost feels like someone is watching you.

"Oh yeah!" says Gwen eyeing the stone as well. "That baby looks like it's worth some real money, doesn't it Mika?" 

A deep sense of foreboding hits you and you tell Gwen that you two should probably just leave.

"Awww, come on Mika, don't be scared. If it's really that valuable, it wouldn't have been left behind." Gwen says as her fingers barely reach the gem but it is firmly attached to the mirror. 

As she struggles with it, you step forward to try to get her to stop, but Gwen pulls a little too hard and the mirror tips over. Before you can react, the surface of the mirror hits your head. A bright white light and a woman's muffled voice is the last thing you remember before losing consciousness.

Chapter 2: Awakening

The strong smell of flowers wakes you up and you open your eyes slowly and adjust to the sunlight. Your head hurts and then you remember the mirror. You quickly look around but everything has changed. No longer in a dark room, you lie in a large field mostly covered in small flowers. 

Unfamiliar forests and mountains surround the rolling plains you're currently in. There is no sign of civilization either, however you notice Gwen lying a few feet behind you. Groggily, you crawl over to her and sigh in relief when you notice she is still breathing. As you try to piece together your situation, Gwen finally comes to.

"Uhhh... What happened?" she weakly asks and you try to explain but realize you don't know much about what happened either. "So, that big mirror fell on us and now we're here? Does that mean... Did we go inside the mirror!?" Gwen is starting to recover now and sits up on her own.

"This doesn't make any sense! Mirrors can't do this, it's... impossible, right?" You try rationalizing it but the more you look around, the more it seems true.

"Hey Mika, we can go back, right?" Gwen meekly asks.

"I don't even know where we are, much less how to get back." Your tone is harsh and she sees it in your eyes. Gwen looks frightened and dejected. "Sorry I... I'm just freaking out." You tell Gwen as you stand up.

"It's ok, let's just get out of here and find someone who can point us in the right direction." Gwen says with a smile, she's always been an optimist you think to yourself.

"Ok, but, it looks like it's almost evening already." You reply.

"What? It was only ten o'clock when we went inside that building, how can it be that late?" Gwen asks frantically.

"I don't know, maybe we were unconscious, either way, we should look for a place to camp for the night." You suggest.

"Camp!? Here? In the wilderness? No way! What if some big wolf or something comes in the middle of the night? We'd be eaten for sure!" Gwen says.

She seems adamant about not staying out but you remind her that there is no town in sight and precious few hours of daylight left. After a brief argument, Gwen concedes and the two of you gather sticks and small branches for a fire. Getting a fire started is actually a lot harder than you thought but eventually your diligence is rewarded and the fire crackles to life. 

As the small campfire glows against the growing darkness, Gwen looks to you and asks, "Aren't you mad?" 

You look over at her and even though you can't deny it is her fault you're here, you can't stay mad at your best friend.

"No, I might not want to be here right now but I guess it's better than just one of us being here alone." You reply with a soft smile. 

Gwen's face shows her fear and it's clear the thought of being alone here hadn't even crossed her mind. 

"It's ok, I'm here with you, and tomorrow we'll find out where we are and how to go back home alright?" You say.

Gwen nods and the two of you sit close to each other with your backs against a tree. Some time passes as the two of you silently watch the stars and the night grows chilly. Gwen scoots closer and huddles up next to you.

"Thanks for not hating me Mika. I know I messed up big this time, but I'm just so glad I'm with you and not someone else." Tears begin to well up in Gwen's eyes.

"Hey, I told you I'm not mad. Let's just try to get some sleep ok?" Gwen nods and rests her head against your shoulder and before you realize it, you too are asleep.

Chapter 3: Kidnapped

A faint rustling catches your ear and you slowly open your eyes. Gwen is no longer resting by your side and as you turn your gaze you see them. Six, maybe seven men wearing only loincloths, surrounding a rickety wooden cart. All of them are very short, only about up to your breasts, and their skin is a dark green hue. They have beady black eyes and some of them carry wooden clubs or small swords. Then you notice that some of them are pushing Gwen onto the cart!

One of the men notices you are awake and yells something, alerting the others. As you stand up, a small glass bottle flies through the air and hits you in the head. It shatters and the contents, a hazy pinkish liquid, pour down your face and chest. The men burst into laughter and some of them make obscene gestures.

Furious, you decide to put the few years of martial arts training you had to good use, but as you take a few steps forward, you are bombarded with a heavenly aroma. Your skin tingles and you feel like your losing control over your thoughts. You tremble and fall down to your knees as one of the little green men walks over to you. 

He grabs your hair and yanks your head back to look into your eyes. He laughs and lets go of you then his hands move down and begin rubbing your breasts. A moan escapes your lips before you snap back to reality and push him away. Whatever was in that bottle, it is making it increasingly difficult to think.

All you can focus on is a growing feeling of emptiness which you desperately need to fill. Your mind is clouded and you struggle to focus on another two men coming your way. The first charges in too fast for you to track and grabs your arms from behind. The second walks up calmly and grabs a bottle from his satchel. You notice it looks like the same one as before but you are powerless under the influence of whatever drug these men possess as your hands move on their own and begin rubbing your breasts.

Just as all seems lost and the man is inches away from making you drink the pink liquid, an arrow screams past your ear and hits the man square in the face. He stands there for a moment, potion in one outstretched hand and the arrow sticking out of his head before collapsing in front of you. The rest of the men yell and try to get on the cart. The man holding you nearly falls over and abandons you for the safety of their cart, but another one of them rushes toward you and just before he reaches you, another arrow sinks deep into his chest. The men quickly board their cart and ride off with Gwen as their prisoner.

You are unable to comprehend more and your hands move of their own will down to your hips. In seconds, your pants and underwear are around your ankles as you furiously finger your slit. One hand rubs your clit and the other fills your pussy with two of your fingers. A guttural moan of ecstasy leaves your mouth, the feeling of pleasure is much more intense than usual and in your stupor, you fail to notice someone approaching from the treeline. The feeling of bliss is almost too much to bear but for some reason, you are determined to finish what you started.

"My, my... you got off easy compared to your friend. Lucky for you I was nearby and heard some commotion." Her voice is very feminine but the woman wears a hood and bandanna, concealing her features. 

The woman takes her knapsack off and rummages around in it for a minute before producing a familiar looking vial, only this time the liquid is a crystal clear.

"Here." She says as she lifts your head a bit and puts the flask to your lips. "This should cancel out that lust draft but you will need a while to recover." She says.

You absentmindedly drink the concoction until it's gone. After a few minutes you feel your arousal receding to a normal level and start to relax and collect yourself. Only it doesn't stop there, you feel increasingly fatigued and try to at least pull your pants up but only get halfway before falling into a deep sleep.

Chapter 4: Thanos

Several hours later, you awaken to find yourself in someone's home. Clothes, books, and various other household items are strewn about the small abode. It looks big enough to accommodate just the owner though and you feel a bit cramped. You don't see any other rooms and your rescuer seems to have left as well.

"What the hell is going on?" You say aloud as the whole experience so far replays in your head.

Then you hear a rustling sound coming from an old wooden desk on the other side of the room. There is a window just above the desk and daylight shines warmly over the open books lying there. Upon closer inspection, you notice that there is something on one of the books.

"No way... are you..." Your voice trails off as you stare at a tiny girl with shimmering wings peacefully sleeping on top of an open book, almost as if she were studying all night.

Her skin is fair and her light blue hair is almost to her shoulders. She's wearing a very short dress with sleeves that shimmer just like her wings. The girl could easily fit in the palm of your hand and you wonder what kind of place you've ended up in. The girl slowly stretches and let's out a cute little yawn as she wakes up.

"Oh, hi!" The tiny girl says trying to act as if she wasn't just sleeping. "I was just, uh... looking for my pen!" She exclaims with no pen in sight. "Your welcome by the way, the least you could do is thank me you know. I did have to use my only bottle of pure essence after all." 

The girl looks at you as if you've done something wrong but you are completely lost.

"What is this place? Who are you?" You eventually ask. 

The tiny girl's wings begin to flutter and she flies up to your eye level and takes a good look at you.

"You... aren't from around here are you?" She asks coyly. 

You explain how you found a strange mirror and it fell on you and your friend, then you woke up here and we're attacked by those strange green men.

"So, you're from another world!? No way, that hasn't happened in forever!" The tiny girl kicks her feet as she laughs at your story.

"Well all of this is crazy to me! Tiny people, that weird pink stuff, and Gwen is..." Your voice trails off as you try to calm yourself.

Your obvious lack of knowledge about the world and its inhabitants make the small girl wonder if you're telling the truth. She can see the regret in your eyes over not being able to help your friend and seems compelled to at least teach you some basics.

"Ok, I guess it's not that hard to believe in a world like this. So here's the deal, I'm gonna tell you what you need to know so listen up!" The fairy says.

The way her tiny voice tries to be commanding is more laughable than intimidating but you realize this is your chance to get some real information about this place.

"Where is the woman from last night? The archer." You ask wondering why she would leave a stranger with this girl.

"I told you already. It was me! You don't know anything about fairies either? Wow, so you're like a baby then, huh? Everything is new?" She asks sarcastically. 

You don't know what to say, everything does seem very different from what you are used to.

"Alright then how's this?" The fairy's tiny blue eyes begin to glow as she says a few words in a language you don't understand.

A puff of smoke accompanies a small pop sound and when it clears, suddenly the archer is standing before you.

"I can change my form. It's useful if I need to defend myself or interact with normal sized things that would be too big if I was fairy sized. I can only hold it for a few minutes though, it drains a lot of my magic power." The girl explains.

"That's amazing!" You exclaim. 

You haven't seen anything like this before. Movies and TV shows from home had fairies and stuff like that but it was all fake, and yet here is a real live fairy showing you her magical power. You look around and pull up a nearby chair so you can sit.

"By the way, my name's Kira." The girl pulls down the bandanna from her face to reveal a smile and with another puff of smoke, Kira has returned to her original size.

"Oh sorry, I'm Mika. And... thank you for saving me." You reply.

You realize you owe this girl a lot, she can only fight for a few minutes before she expends her power and yet she took the risk of taking on several of those men by herself.

"Ah, it was nothing, those goblins are pretty stupid, if they can't see where the attack comes from they usually just run away. That's why I use a bow! It's quiet and I can take 'em out before they know what hit 'em!" Kira exclaims. 

She seems to be getting worked up a bit so you try to steer the conversation back on track.

"Fairies and goblins, huh? So what other kinds of people live here?" You ask as you look around her small home.

Kira gives you a puzzled look and asks,"Do you know anything about Thanos?" 

You return the puzzled look and shake your head. 

"This is gonna take longer than I thought." Says the fairy, putting her hand to her forehead and sighing dramatically.

"Ok then, this world is called Thanos. A long time ago, way before I was born, the whole world was beautiful. The different races didn't exactly all get along but it was a peaceful time. My mother used to say it was paradise, but then something happened. A meteor fell from the sky in the dead of night and landed on a big island in the middle of the ocean. The people were curious and sailed off to see it for themselves. By the time they arrived only a few days later, almost the entire island was covered in some kind of black slime. The people carefully explored the island, avoiding the slime, and found that the meteor had created a huge crater." Kira says as if reciting a story. 

She pauses for a drink of water before continuing, "That part is always the same but then it gets complicated. Some people say the demons crawled up from hell where the meteor had fallen. Others said the demons were inside the meteor and were released when it hit the ground and shattered. I don't know which is true, but that's when the demons showed up for the first time. They talked the people into helping them clean up the slime, assuring them it was harmless. Of course, in case you couldn't guess by the name, they lied and everyone who touched the slime was changed somehow. Some people looked like they were combined with an animal, some turned into completely new species." 

"No one has seen that black goo since then because the few people the demons allowed to escape, told of its horrors and no one dared go near the island again. The people that returned from the first expedition were looked down upon and even though they rarely had contact with other people, more and more of the population were beginning to grow animal like ears, horns, tails, and even wings in some cases. Eventually the majority of the people were morphed into something only vaguely resembling their former selves. It didn't just change their appearance though, it also changed the way they think and act. There's also people that were mixed with animals that are... not so nice." Kira explains.

You stare at Kira trying to absorb all this new information. This sounds ridiculous but you've seen enough to know it's real and that stirs something within you. A deep, primal fear of being the only one, like being on a different planet all alone. No one here will be able to relate to your life before this and as you try to reassure yourself that there must be a way back, Kira continues her story.

"Spiders, snakes, bees, mice, birds, cows, and pretty much any other animal you can think of has made its way into the gene pool. Oddly enough, you don't see very many animals mixed with other animals, they do exist but they're considered very rare, almost mythical. Humans seem to be the one's most affected by it though." Kira says, pausing for another drink.
