 Chapter 1 - The New Normal

"I'll be back later, alright?" You ask looking at Gwen. 

She gives you a confused look and Vivienne says, "Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on her. Where did you say you were going again?" 

"Bertand said his shipments have been getting raided so I'm gonna look into it. I should be back before dark." You reply. 

Vivienne sighs and says, "It's a shame, I had hoped with Iliya gone things would quiet down a little." 

You laugh and say, "I'll take monsters over demons any day." 

You say goodbye and leave Vivienne's shop. Her new business is located near the central marketplace not far from her home. As you exit, you see Kira hovering as she looks at jewelry at one of the nearby stalls. She sees you and happily buzzes over. 

"Ready?" Kira asks enthusiastically. 

You nod and the two of you walk to the gates and are soon on your way to the plains outside the city. Its been a little over a year since the battle with Iliya and a lot has happened since then. You returned to Valen City with Gwen and, with a little help from C.C., you purchased a small home in the city. Kira moved in with you and Gwen and has been helping Vivienne with the tailor business she recently opened. Although fairly new, her shop already has a few regulars due to her skill. 

You've been working odd jobs to get by and leave Gwen in Vivienne's care while you're away. Gwen still hasn't returned to normal, although she seems to remember you at least. She has only been able to say your name twice since you rescued her, but everything else has been communicated with gestures and nods. Despite her condition, Gwen seems to be adjusting to her new life with you quite well. 

Priscilla also moved to Valen so she could be closer to the island and she regularly makes the trip to study the black slime. C.C. and Astrid returned to Ardent City a few weeks after your recovery to help with the reconstruction effort. Both you and Astrid have lost your magical power since the fight with Iliya, although Astrid has retained her natural strength. 

Farah has also been busy with her merchant business but she has recently started a civilian transport company on the side. A competing company also opened up and between them, it has made travel between cities faster and less dangerous for common people. Apparently, C.C. and a number of nobles from both Cyldell and Valen agreed to fund the construction of airship docks in both Ardent and Valen City, no doubt thanks to her 'special charms'. 

After the battle, Hakon stayed in Valen City for a few days and tried to transfer some of his energy into you and Astrid. Your bodies seemed to reject his energy though, and it caused you both a great deal of pain. He eventually returned to his home after it was clear he couldn't help either of you. There are still demons roaming the world, but their numbers have dropped so significantly, they are rarely seen anymore. 

The people of Thanos haven't really changed at all though. You don't really know what you expected to happen once Iliya was gone, but you had hoped the effects would be more pronounced. The people still keep slaves and seem to have sex just as much as when the demons were polluting the air with corruption. It's already been a year, but maybe it will take a long time before you start noticing any major changes in the population. 

Still, without having to worry about Gwen being abused by the demons, you've been sleeping soundly every night. You're even beginning to enjoy your new life, while slowly forgetting your old one. At first, not being able to use your powers made you feel disappointed. You had become used to being able to do things that are once again impossible, but having Gwen by your side is more important. You gave up trying to get your powers back and instead focused on training your body. Everyday, you've been sticking to a strict training regimen and your sword skills and overall agility have improved greatly. You can't fight like you used to, but you are confident in your natural abilities. 

Upon reaching the top of a small hill, Kira says, "Hey look!" 

You follow her gaze and can barely make out something in the treeline. There is a cart near the trees and it looked like something was quickly dragged into the woods. Without your powers, it's hard to see at this distance. 

"Let's check it out." You say as you and Kira quickly make your way to the cart. 

A golden, slimy substance covers one wheel and is dripping down the side of the cart. It smells sickly sweet and there is a small trail of the substance leading into the woods. 

"It's honey!" Kira says, licking her finger after dipping it in the golden goo. 

"Alright then, keep your eyes up." You say as you lead Kira into the woods. "Did you ever run into any beegirls when you lived in the forest?" You ask.

"Only once, when Yaz and I tried stealing some of their honey, but as long as you don't bother them they usually won't attack" Kira says confidently. 

You nod and silently press your back to a tree as wet plopping noises become louder and louder. Peeking out, you see a short rabbit man pinned on his back under more of the sticky honey. On top of him is a beegirl with short black hair and long skinny limbs. Her transparent insect wings flutter as she slides down his length. She rides the rabbit's cock with increasing fervor while her bee like abdomen slowly opens up near the end. A strange tube of skin comes out and she lines it up with his ass. You see it begin to bulge and even though you don't know what it is, you feel like this guy probably doesn't want it. 

"Hey!" You yell as you step away from the tree and into their view. 

The beegirl gets embarrassed and quickly flies away as you walk over and pull the man off the ground.

"You ok?" You ask. 

He nods and replies, "I heard they were good, but then that ovi thing..." 

You wave your hand and say, "Alright, just get going." 

The man thanks you and hops off towards the city as you and Kira laugh a little and then walk out of the forest. Other than that awkward encounter, there isn't much happening as far as you can see.

"Where should we look next?" Kira asks. 

You take a look around and say, "Bertand said this shipment is coming from Cyldell, so let's head that way." 

You begin walking through the plains and notice Kira staring at you.

"What? Did some of that honey get on me?" You ask trying to look at your back.

Kira giggles and says, "No, I was just wondering why you can't use your powers anymore."

You shrug and say, "I don't know." 

"Have you tried using magic at all since then?" Kira asks looking at your hands. 

You raise your palm and try to concentrate, but nothing happens and you say, "Well yeah I've tried, but I can't feel energy inside me anymore. It's alright though, that power was given to me so I could kill Iliya. Now that she's gone and Gwen is safe, I'm fine with being normal again, well except..." 

You look down and before you can think of how to put it lightly, Kira finishes your sentence.

"Except you still have a big ol' cock!" Kira laughs and you flick her. 

She tumbles through the air as you say, "How about I have Salem brew up a special potion, just for you?" 

You laugh as Kira fixes her hair and sticks her tongue out at you. Hours of walking around the outskirts of the city and a few breaks later, the sun begins to set. 

"It's getting late, should we head back?" Kira asks. 

You nod and say, "I guess so, everything seems fine out here to me. We'll come back tomorrow. Bertand said the caravan is due in the afternoon." 

You and Kira walk back towards Valen City and you say, "We never really got around to talking about it, but what happened after Iliya threw me out of the tower? When I got back up there, everything happened so fast." 

Kira looks to you and says, "Well after you fell out of the tower, Iliya attacked us. We threw everything we had at her, but she just kept healing and we wasted most of our energy. I don't know why she didn't just kill us, maybe she really did want to feed us to that nasty slime, but by the time you got back, we were in really bad shape. We saw her cast the illusion, and we were all yelling, trying to snap you out of it..." Kira looks sad for a moment but then perks up and says, "But everything turned out ok, I'm just glad everyone made it." 

"Yeah, I can't tell you how horrible I felt watching Iliya kill all of you, illusion or not. When I woke up and you told me everyone was alright I felt so relieved." You say with a smile.

"Aww, you were that worried?" Kira teases.

"Friends till the end, right?" You joke and share a good laugh with Kira. 

A few minutes later, you arrive in front of the city and open the gates. You and Kira head inside and make the short trip to Vivienne's shop. 

"Hey wanna go to the bar?" Kira suggests. 

"Alright, just don't drink too much, we have to go out early again tomorrow. Let's pick up Gwen and then we can head over there." You say leading the way. 

As you enter, Vivienne greets you and Gwen runs over and hugs you. You return her embrace and Vivienne gives a warm smile.

"How did it go?" Vivienne asks as she folds some fabric and puts it in a cabinet. 

You scratch the back of your head and smile while saying, "Probably could have used your sharp eyes out there, but we'll get them tomorrow." 

"I see, well just drop Gwen off whenever you're ready, I'll be here bright and early." Vivienne says with a smile. 

You thank Vivienne and take Gwen's hand as you leave the shop and head to the bar. As you enter, the tavern erupts in cheers and you take a seat at the bar. 

"What can I get ya?" The bartender asks.

"Two glasses of Fenti wine, and can I get some juice too?" You reply.

Kira gives you a dirty look but you say, "Relax, it's for Gwen." 

The bartender serves your drinks and you take a big drink out of Kira's glass before giving it to her. 

"Hey! That's mine!" Kira complains.

"You can't even finish a whole glass on your own anyway." You say with a soft laugh.

Kira huffs and puffs but you know she will calm down after a few sips. You look to Gwen as she takes a sip of the juice and you can see that she likes it. 

"Is that good? Mind if I try?" You ask.

She looks to you and smiles as you put another straw in her drink and take a sip. Gwen giggles and takes a drink as well. You are happy seeing her smile, but you're also scared that she may never return to normal. 

"Ahhh, that's pretty good." You say refreshed. 

"So this is her? Your friend that you saved from the demons?" A familiar voice says from behind you. 

You turn around and see Lenore and Lilith and invite them to sit. 

"Yeah, this is Gwen. It's good to see you both. By the way Lilith, I never got the chance to thank you, I've been so busy the last few months." You say. 

"Me? What for?" The snakegirl responds. 

"Well, if you hadn't given me that good luck charm, I think we all would have died on that island. It turns out, Mara made that crystal herself and it weakened Iliya enough that we were able to beat her. So basically, you saved us all." You say while smiling. 

"What? I had no idea, I bought it thinking it was just a good luck charm!" Lilith says in disbelief. 

"My, that does sound hard to believe." Lenore says. 

"Wait, does that mean you can talk to Mara?" Lilith asks curiously. 

You shake your head and say, "Even when I had my powers, I could never contact her directly. I just heard her voice in my head sometimes." 

Lilith looks sad and says, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to bring that up." 

You figure she must be talking about your powers and you say, "It's alright, I'm just happy that everyone made it back in one piece." 

Lenore nods and says, "Indeed, you pulled off quite a stunt." 

As you chat, a dogman comes up and says, "Miss champion, let me pay for your drinks, it's the least I can do after everything you've done for us." 

You smile and say, "Thank you, but you don't owe me anything, and please, just call me Mika. I have a job tomorrow so I can't drink a lot tonight anyways." 

"Alright, but if you're ever thirsty, I'll gladly pick up the tab." The man says with a smile before walking away.

"I'm glad the notoriety isn't going to your head." Lenore says.

You take a long drink of wine and say, "I wish they would just treat me like a normal person, I'm tired of being everyone's hero." 

Lenore laughs and says, "Good luck with that." 

You laugh and talk for a while before seeing Kira is becoming a bit tipsy. You notice it's getting late and decide to call it a night before she gets too hammered. A drunk fairy is funny until she throws up on your pillow, right next to your face. Then it's not so funny.

"I think we're gonna head home, I'll see you around." You say.

"You should stop by the shop sometime Mika. I know you have a nice weapon already, but we could always chat." Lenore says.

You smile as you get up and say, "Sounds good. I'll see you guys later."

"Alright, it was good seeing you again, bye!" Lilith replies. 

You take Gwen's hand and walk the short distance to your house as Kira happily buzzes around. It's located in the center of the city, not far from Vivienne's home. It has a bedroom and a bathroom upstairs and a small kitchen and lounge on the ground floor. You open the door and Kira glides in and plops herself down on the table. 

"What's for dinner?" Kira asks excitedly. 

You look over and say, "What am I, your mother? Why don't you cook for a change? I'm gonna take a bath." 

Kira begins to complain but you ignore her and remove your armor. You hang it on a display rack you bought recently and set your weapon down next to it. Frost was not happy about you breaking the sword he made, and charged you full price to repair it, saying you didn't get rid of Astrid like you promised. In your underwear now, you turn towards the stairs and as you begin climbing, Gwen hugs you tightly from behind, almost knocking you down. 

You grab the railing and say, "What, you want to come with me?" Gwen nods and you sigh and say, "Alright, come on." 

Gwen smiles and follows you into the bathroom. You run the water until it's warm and then begin filling the tub. Gwen smiles as you stand up and pull her shirt over her head. Her breasts bounce free and she leans forward, causing them to rub against your cheek as you kneel down and pull her shorts and panties off. 

You undress and help Gwen into the tub before you get in as well. The water is nice and warm and you lean your head back and close your eyes. Things have been so peaceful lately, you have been spending a lot of time with Gwen. You keep telling yourself that she will go back to normal, but you aren't so sure about that anymore. Gwen's leg rubs against yours and you open your eyes and look at her. She's pouring water over her head with her hands and giggling as it cascades down her face. You smile at her for a moment before helping her wash her hair. 

You wash yourself quickly and then lather up some soap in your hands. You turn Gwen around so she is facing away from you and pull her close. You begin to slowly rub your soapy hands over her shoulders and around her neck. You move down and begin washing her arms while Gwen softly coos and moans. Your hands move under her arms and begin massaging her breasts, making Gwen pant with delight as your fingers run over her nipples and give them a soft pinch. 

Gwen giggles and you pat her shoulders and say, "Ok, stand up." 

Gwen rises out of the water and stands with her ass in your face. You get more soap and rub it along her long, slender legs. You lift one of her legs out of the water and rest it on the side of the tub while you tenderly clean her foot, and then do the same for the other. You slowly work your way back up her silky smooth legs all the way up to her ass. You were only trying to bathe her, but seeing her naked like this has your cock rock hard as you rub soap over her cheeks. 

You spread her ass and run a soap covered finger around her perfect little asshole a few times before going down the crack. Your cock twitches as you finish and you try to hold back your lustful feelings. You grab Gwen's waist and turn her around, giving you access to her pussy. You take a deep breath and run your hands up her legs to her belly and then back down to her mound. Gwen moans as your fingers pass over her clit and around her pussy. Juices dribble down from Gwen's pussy, and the soapy mixture runs down her inner thighs. The sight makes your cock so hard it hurts and you leak precum into the water. 

"Ok, all done. Now rinse off." You say as Gwen sits back down, still facing you. 

You lean your head back again and take another deep breath while you try to relax. Suddenly, you feel Gwen grab your cock and begin slowly stroking it under the water. You quickly open your eyes and she smiles as she leans in to kiss you. This isn't the first time Gwen has tried to have sex with you, but you always feel guilty as if you're taking advantage of her, so you've always stopped her. This time however, as Gwen's tender lips press against yours and her hand works your cock, you feel an unusually strong swell of lust and passionately kiss her back. 

Gwen moans as she continues to slowly stroke your cock, but then you start feeling guilty again. You break the kiss and try to get out of the tub, but your cock bounces up and hits Gwen in the cheek. She giggles and opens her mouth with her tongue sticking out slightly. She looks at you longingly and then closes her eyes as you stare at her. You are crippled with indecision. You don't want to do something you'll regret, but at the same time you want to fuck her so badly you can't think straight. Gwen gets impatient and opens her eyes giving you a disappointed look. 

You slowly turn back towards Gwen and she smiles and leans forward. Her tongue expertly rolls around the head of your dick and her hand slides up your leg, coming to rest on your pussy. Gwen rubs and coats her fingers in your juices before pushing two fingers inside as more of your cock disappears into her mouth. She begins bobbing her head on your cock and you close your eyes. 

Maybe it's the lingering corruption, but ever since you rescued Gwen, you've been thinking about having sex with her. Now that your cock is finally in her mouth, you couldn't be happier and you feel your orgasm approaching fast. You try to pull Gwen away, but she pushes down harder and the rest of your cock slides down her throat. You moan as your cock erupts and coats her throat with your cum. Gwen stays latched onto your cock until she's sure you're finished and then lets it fall from her mouth with a wet plop.

Gwen looks very happy about the situation and plays with the little bit of cum that dripped from her mouth, before she swallows it all and says, "Ahhh!" 

You laugh softly and Gwen pulls you back down into the tub. She wraps her arms around your neck and positions herself above your cock. 

You look at Gwen's beautiful blue eyes and say, "I don't thi..." 

Before you finish, Gwen begins lowering herself onto your cock and you gasp in pleasure. She slides down and sits in your lap while staring into your eyes. Gwen hugs you tightly as she begins grinding her hips into yours and you nibble on her ear. Gwen cries out in ecstasy as she slowly rides your cock and runs her fingers through your hair. 

She turns your head upward and kisses you passionately as you wrap your arms around her tightly and begin thrusting deeper into her. You pump in and out of her tight pussy, slowly building speed as the muffled moans echo through the room. Gwen throws her head back and moans loudly as you take her nipple into your mouth. You flick your tongue over her nipple and press your face into her soft flesh as you suck on it.
