 Chapter One: Illiana

...Or Liana for short. Regardless, when I woke up it seemed as if my life was about to end. So, my name didn't matter anymore. Not that anyone cared, that is. My vision returned with a headache and sudden rush of other feelings. My arms were over my head and bound by leather straps chains that led to a hook on a post. I began to hyperventilate at the thought of being murdered. I wanted to scream, but I didn't. 

I looked down at myself and noticed that I was naked. My breasts reclined in the open and the cool morning breeze grazed my buttocks, rousing goosebumps. I thought of a thousand ways I was to die and I began to cry. 

As I broke down into tears and heavy breathing I took notice to my surroundings. I was in the forest not too far from town but far enough from any main trails for my screams to never be heard. The post I was restrained to looked as if it was originally used to hang deer for blooding and skinning. There was a little hut just a few lengths away as well, but it looked abandoned. 

They said the Orcs were pushing down south in small groups. I chose to ignore this warning. It didn't apply to me. I never left the town until last night, when my life was changed forever. I made a mistake and it took everything from me. But it didn't matter anymore. I was to die here. 

The door to the little cottage opened and two Orc women walked out. Goddess please, not Orcs. My heart began to race faster than ever. Here it came, my final moment. This was when they ate me. 

The two Orc women stopped just in front of me and crossed their arms, appearing to observe my nude body. I observed them too, with my tear-filled eyes. They were both taller than me, but one was taller than the other. 

The taller one's skin was a lighter green. Her hair was shaved all but a long black ponytail in the back. Her face was mean and chiseled, like the rest of her body. She had two tusks poking out from the corners of her mouth and long pointed ears riddled with rudimentary ornaments. The other was a little shorter and with a darker shade of green skin and long braided hair held messily in a bun with, what appeared to be, small bones. Her ears were round, like a humans, and free of piercings. Her tusks were less prominent too. Her breasts, much bigger than the taller one, but she still seemed much stronger than many men and a horse. Fear turned me into a pile of tears and death, yet for some reason I couldn't explain, they had a beauty to them. 

It was then that I noticed that the two of them had male genitals. I died right then. The taller Orc's penis seemed like that of a horse. Her massive balls held up tightly to the rather large sleeve that hid her penis. The shorter Orc's cock was that of an uncut human. But still, they were both large, and I fainted in response. 

But they didn't let me stay out, I woke to being tickled around my ribs. The sensation shot through my bones and roused me back to the world. I continued crying. I continued pouting out loud like a little cunt. I didn't want to die at a young eighteen cycles of age. 

I was sandwiched in between them with the taller scary Orc lady behind me and the shorter darker one in front. As the Orc behind me slid her hand up and down my body, the Orc in front grasped my neck and forced my jaw open. She stuck her nose in my mouth and took a deep breath from me, taking in all of my fear. Her other hand took one of my breasts, and squeezed pain wrenchingly tight. 

This was when I quit. I was to be raped and eaten. 

The darker one took to her knees, running her nose down through my breasts and stomach, to my vagina. I closed my eyes. Hands prodded my body as I could feel the sensation of being sniffed down in my nether regions. The darker one took my right leg and propped it over her shoulder. She ran her finger down the small patch of hair over my pussy and over my clit and labia. I didn't know what to do. So, I just breathed. 

She split my labia, opening my pussy to her, and with violence the one behind me took my breasts into her hands as the other Orc slid her long pink tongue into me. I moaned out loud like a whore. By the Goddess— I moaned like a little slut as she twirled her tongue around inside me and rubbed against all the spots that made me squeal.

The two little tusks at the corner of her mouth dug into my thighs as she berated my pussy with what felt like the tongue of horse. She went deep within me and pulled out, over and over, while the Orc behind me ravaged my breasts and licked my neck. I began to sweat from the pulsating glory of being taken by a tongue. My heart beat faster and faster for every push and pull in and out of my pussy. I screamed in a mind-numbing trance. I couldn't take this any longer.

"I'm!" 

I yelled, but I couldn't finish ... I came. 

Flailing like a wounded deer, my eyes rolled to the back of my head, and then nothing but blank nothingness for a moment. 

When I woke, I found my self looking at the wooden floor of the deer stand's platform. I was bound with my knees to my chest and my arms around the back of my knees, and I was hanging from the deer stand. I looked up at the two Orc woman with fear still painting my eyes with tears. They grinned at me and it said everything. My torment would never stop. 

The taller one walked around me to my back side carrying a wooden bowl, the shorter one stepped up to my face. Her cock rested against my cheek and I could smell her stench. It was the musk of an unclean barbarian. I nearly puked. 

Her veiny half ready cock and her large testicles pressed against my face and I had no choice but to take in her scent. I wanted to die. Her large bush of pubes scratched against my forehead as she placed her hands around my head and jaw, pressing my face into her sweaty cock. 

I felt the one behind me take my buttocks into her hands and spread them. What I imagined was a tongue then prodded my butthole. I realized that it was her finger. She began coating my hole with some kind of wet jelly. I whimpered again, like a naughty girl getting a spanking. Why me? I asked myself. Why have I been so unfortunate? First, he ruined my life, then this? Why? I screamed at myself in my head. I was being hung from a post in the fetal position and being forced to smell a monster's cock as another prodded my anus with some kind of lubrication. I just wanted to die.

Her finger slipped into my hole. I gasped, taking in a mouthful of the darker Orc's pubes in the process. My butt stung so bad I cried out loud. Her finger was huge, bigger than that of a man's penis. She withdrew it and I continued screaming. Over my pain filled pouts, I could hear the two beast women laugh and scoff at me. 

The taller one stepped in front of me and both of their cocks hung before my soft pale cheeks. One of them tied my long blonde hair into a ponytail as the other held me by my jaw, pressing my face into both of their cocks. 

A moment later, the taller one stepped back and, I couldn't lift my head to see her face, she grunted loudly as she stroked the base of her cock. As she did so, the rest of her cock slipped out into the open revealing her bright pink flesh and rest of her vile hidden scent. Her cock was massive, about the size of my whole forearm if I balled my hand into a fist and it was about the same shape too and I wasn't a tiny girl either, not big, but kind of in between. It was blunt at the tip as the fleshy shaft traveled to a ring with the rest of her cock the same pale green color of her skin. Her balls then sank lower and dangled freely, stretching her sack down. 

She stepped closer to me and I took in her scent. It was atrocious, vile, and lewd. Yet, my pussy hadn't been wetter before this moment. I was in between many emotions, but for some reason, I was enveloped by their sick beauty. It was an odd type of beauty, and it caused me leak my fluids. 

I peed in front of them. They laughed. I cried and hung my head. The tall one lifted it again by my ponytail while the darker one stepped behind me. With her other hand, the tall one clenched my jaw causing me to open my mouth. She slid the tip of her grotesque meat into my mouth and I puked. 

But instead of spurting out of my mouth like regular puke, the Orc huntress rammed her massive cock down my throat causing me to swallow my vomit. Some of it shot from my nose but I swallowed most of it. I opened my eyes and saw that I had only taken the naked fleshy half of her cock up to her medial ring, and it killed me. I hope she didn't intend for me to fit the whole thing. She tasted sour. She smelt sour. Her voice was sour. My life was sour. 

I felt my anus widen from the tip of the darker Orc's cock. I whimpered sourly as she slid into me with ease from the lubrication I was prepped with earlier. I was being penetrated by a daemon, I thought. Her cock was too big to fit. It felt as if my insides were being rearranged. I could hear the both of them laugh at me being penetrated from both ends. Just as I thought this would be enough. 

The shorter dark one pulled me back off of the taller Orc's cock, and then after a moment of being held back with her cock in me, she released me and I swung forward with her cock leaving my butt. The taller one caught my head and guided her mouth onto her massive horse cock and held me there for a moment. 

Her cock slammed down my throat deeper than before and I cried in a muffled embarrassing choke. After a moment, the taller one released me and I swung backwards with my buttocks being slapped and a cock being rammed deep into my butt. I screamed with every bit of my dying light. They continued this game for what seemed like millennia, swinging me back and forth mating with both ends of me over and over. 

Somewhere in this session I passed out, but the taller one slapped me awake with her cock. She continued mating with my face. Her pubes tickled my nose as her balls slapped my chin. I guess she wasn't being fast enough for the darker one's liking, because she slid two fingers into my pussy, a thumb into my ass, and began forcing my body back and forth with my throat being thoroughly mated by the horse cock lady Orc.

I tried to take a breath, but it just made gurgling sounds which, I think, made them fuck me harder. Saliva, pre-cum, and sweat made a mess of my face and I just let it all drip down off my chin. I was void of life. I was made into a fuck-bag. 

They stopped. I took a deep breath and moaned out all of my anxiety, finishing with a little whine that said, "Please stop." I looked up at the taller pale Orcess with tears in my eyes and my lips quivering with fatigue. She smiled at me and slapped my cheek hard enough to sting greatly. I swung around and the darker one caught my face with her hands and rammed her cock into my mouth. Her cock was easier to take in but my throat couldn't take much more of this abuse. I tasted my ass on her cock and I puked. Again, her cock pushed the vomit back down my throat and into my stomach. Some of it shot out of my nose, but I swallowed most of it. They continued to violate me. What have I done to deserve this? I cried deeper with lifeless grey depression. 

They backed up a length and swung me back and forth mating with my face and butt over and over. They'd swing me around so that I'd taste my ass on the horse cock woman while the darker one penetrated me from behind. After a while of swinging back and forth, they let me hang in the middle as they spun me around and fucked me at the same time. They'd get a few thrusts in, spin me around from ass to mouth, fuck me, spin me, ass to mouth, and again. I must have passed out more than once. I can't remember how many times they did this but it seemed to last nearly most of the daylight. 

The taller Orc's thick broad head pressed into my butt like a hammer while the medial ring in the middle of her cock rubbed incessantly against the walls of my anus, causing me to wince and moan loudly like a whore. The shorter Orc's cock slid in and out with ease, but she was faster than her counterpart and I couldn't keep up with her abuse. My butt went numb. My face and throat went numb. I became a bag of meat to be fucked relentlessly. 

Our stench increased. I began to smell like a pig. I woke up again.

The horse cock was still in my mouth. I felt it pulsate with pleasure. I heard her moan like a boar. Her hot syrupy cum shot down my throat and my stomach was filled with cum. Some of it shot out of my nose, but I swallowed most of it. The taste of my ass lingered between the salty sweat of her cock and the salty cum she filled me with. Just then, the darker one filled my ass with the same, but she kept fucking me. My stomach began to swell with the never-ending fountain of Orc semen and that's when... I came. 

I spasmed like a tied-up fear driven animal from the amount of pleasure that had beaten into my soul. By the Goddess of Light and Peace, I came from my butt and I groaned loud enough to earn a slap on my ass cheek from the darker one. 

They left me hanging there for a while. I peed again as cum leaked from my ass. I hung my head and attempted to pass out again. I couldn't. But I couldn't stay awake either. I was trapped in between a hellish wall of fear, drowsiness, fatigue, and a mind-numbing orgasm.

When I woke... 

I saw the sky. Birds chirped and sang their morning songs. I had been out for the entirety of the day and into the next morning. I was indeed an early morning. Earlier than when I woke yesterday to this madness. I lay sprawled out on a table next to the deer stand. My arms and legs were free from bondage, but I was too sore to move. I eventually managed the strength. My body ached like it never had.

As I made an effort to lift myself, the darker green Orc stepped up to me and I tilted my head back and glared up at her. From my perspective, she was upside down, as I laid sprawled out on the table. My anxiety returned faster than ever. The expression on her face said that my hell was to never end. She reached down and pressed my arms back on the table, pinning me. I cried out with many tears. 

"Please, don't kill me," I whimpered, "I don't want to die." 

She smirked. I didn't know what that meant. Maybe I wanted to die. My life was rather pointless. Maybe she knew that. 

The taller pale green Orc stepped up to the table and placed her hands on my thighs, holding my legs spread wide. I lifted my head to look at her. I felt that, maybe if I complied to their demands, they'd let me go. I didn't know what to even comply with. I guessed I'd just let them do whatever they wanted. Whatever... 

The tall Orc brought her face to my pussy and smelled me deeply. After a satisfying groan, she released her warm breath onto my skin with a smile. With her long pink tongue, she licked the piss off my vagina. Her gentle lapping of my pussy sent me into a sweat filled oblivion. I wasn't sure if it was my anxiety telling me to kill myself, or my self-dread telling me to ask for more. She licked my thighs clean. She reached her tongue all the way down to my asshole and cleaned it too. I released faint whimpers as she did so, probably aiding her lust for me. Her sharp tusks would graze my skin and I'd twitch with a slight bit of pain.

Even though the morning was a bit chilly, I still sweat as if it were midday over the fields of Roengreen. My body ached with soreness. My head spun with a hazy mind-tortured ache. My holes felt numb. They probably stretched me to the point of uselessness. 

Just as I thought they had enough, the dark green Orc slid my body back so that my head hung off the table. She then placed my head in between her thighs so my face was smothered by her smelly privates. The head of her cock rested between my breasts as her balls covered my mouth. By the Goddess, her cock was pretty big. And she smelt so strongly too, I gasped for air. As I stared at her hairless asshole, the other Orc handed her my ankles. She held my head between her thighs and held my ankles up so that my pussy and butt were up in the air. I was made into a ball of fuck. 

From what it felt like, the taller Orc took her finger to my clit and rubbed it so fast that I couldn't handle it. My legs shook out of control and my moaning was everlasting. Orgasm after orgasm, my hell never stopped to let me breathe. I heard them snicker at me as my clit was berated to the point of madness. She then planted her face on my clit and nibbled on it as if it were a little wad of taffy at the tips of her teeth. I screamed so loudly. They laughed. The darker Orc held my ankles tightly as I went limp from having so many consecutive orgasms. 

I couldn't take it any longer. I wanted to die. I wanted them to just stop humiliating me and kill me. 

After a while of being violated, she lifted her head and began slapping the inside of my thighs. I jolted from side to side as my soul returned to my body. The pain woke me up faster than ever. I got it. I was awake. I had a pair of smelly wrinkly balls on my face and the only thing I could see was a big pair of green butt cheeks and a puckered asshole. How lovely. 

She didn't stop. She moved to other parts of me and reddened my skin with the palm of her hand. My pain was everlasting. My tears, too, never stopped running down my cheeks. I jolted again and screamed as she slapped the hell out of my pussy. It was too much. I went limp again. Again and again, all over again, she slapped my pussy. They laughed and laughed. Deep within my soul, my humiliation burned. Or was it pleasure? I didn't understand my feelings. I was too tired to interpret what my body was telling me. 

The Orc let my ankles go and my legs slammed limply onto the table. She stepped away and I took in the biggest breath of air, ever. Thank the Goddess, fucking fresh air. But only a moment of relief was not nearly enough. She rolled me over and forced me onto my hands and knees. I was like a dog on display for them, on all fours. 

My arms were too weak to hold me up. They shook so violently, from fatigue and fear combined. I fell forward and pushed my face onto the table, leaving my butt up in the air like a whore. Behind me, conniving little snickers. What were they going to do!? 

I peeked under me and tried to see what they were doing. The taller one had a wooden bowl full of little glass balls. She poured the bowl of slime onto them and I gasped quietly. Oh Goddess, save me from being humiliated so horrifically. I whimpered so depressingly into my arms. 

The dark green Orc pressed one of the glass balls into my butt and I screamed. They were a lot bigger than I thought they were. It shot straight into me. Another followed, and another after that one. She put one into my pussy and I jolted forward. She slapped my ass so hard I screamed and returned to my original position. The cold glass sent goose bumps to my skin. She popped another one into my vagina. I whimpered after each one as she filled my ass and pussy with glass balls. By the time she had finished, I lost count. My tummy ached horribly from how many they stuffed into me. My legs shook. My whole body was burning with pain. 

"Just fucking kill me," I whimpered. 

They heard me and fell silent. 

"Kill me, please," I said. 

The dark green one stepped in front of me and tied a leather strap around my neck. My lips quivered as I silently begged her to end my violation. The leather strap was connected to a leash. She yanked on it violently and grunted, ushering me to get off the table. Slowly, with all the energy I had, I slid off the table and fell to the ground on my knees. Again she tugged on it, forcing me to crawl behind her. 

As I crawled like an animal, my tummy became enflamed with pain from all the glass balls she stuffed me with. I whimpered and cried as I crawled, not to complain, but I couldn't move without making a sound. My body hurt so damn badly every movement merited it's own little whimper. 
