 Chapter Two: Illiana Baker, the Path of Worms, and the Final Test...

Before I realized the weight of my decisions, I had already gone too far to escape from the claws of its permanent destruction. I had left my home for the final time, to the place I was violated. I decided ... to seek pain. 

I didn't trample through the woods like a dunce blonde, I crept. I was always fond of sneaking around the Estate and I was always sneaking to avoid Mother. I was the silent type in comparison to my sisters. I was the thief while Heren was the warrior, and Bead was the mage type. But I never fell into a classification like my sisters, I always failed my entrance tests. Yet, I always felt warm inside when staying with the shadows. 

The cottage was just ahead. I stopped and listened to the forest. The trees crackled as they swayed to the breeze. Leaves rustled with the wind while the birds sang their songs. This was silence. I loved this silence. 

The area looked vacant. My heart sank a little. I hoped they had stayed. I bit my lip while I thought of what to do. Do I go over there and check? Should I just go back home? If I go back I'll be nothing. I am nothing ... thus I cannot be hurt. 

I pulled my dress over my head, balled it up, and left it on the ground along with my boots. I then combed my hair back over to the left so that the bald half was out in the open. The cool afternoon breeze sent a chill from my nipples down to my toes. My nipples stayed cold from the little rings they had pierced me with. I cupped my breasts to warm the rings, but I let my hands fall and embraced the cold chill of my nudity. 

I walked up to the cottage and looked around. Nothing. 

I was alone again. 

And it made sense. Nothing would ever work out for me. I would forever limp into the future alone and hollow of emotion. 

The leaves rustled in the silence, confirming my endless loneliness. 

The deer skinning platform stood in front of me. I pictured myself hanging from it and being fucked violently with saliva and cum gurgling in my throat. While I lost myself in a trance of pleasure, I slipped two fingers into myself and fell to my knees with a relieving moan. 

The bitter taste of sweat and cum lingered in the back of my throat as I pinched my nipples and fingered my soft shaven pussy out in the open. 

"Yes," I said, closing my eyes. 

I pictured looking up at the darker green Orc from my knees. Her cock hung by my face and I could smell her savage wild scent. Her abs, stronger than two horses. Her breasts, bigger and firmer than any I had seen before. By the Goddess, I was about to cum. Her face was so gentle and kind. I didn't understand. How could this savage beast be so attractive? I had never felt this before. What was this feeling? What am I? 

I could feel my soul approaching its limit. I just wanted to smell her one last time. And I thought...

Am I ... a pervert? 

I moaned loader than before and screamed, "Yes." 

But the moment never came like before. 

I couldn't cum. 

I just kept fingering away at my pussy attempting to pass that barrier. Why couldn't I cum? The slapping of my palm against my clit echoed about in the woods. My lubrication ran down my thigh onto the ground. I could see her as if is she were actually there. I wanted her to be there for me. I needed her to exist. 

Nothing. 

I stopped and opened my eyes with disappointment. 

Loneliness filled my chest, and embarrassment. I guess I couldn't rub myself off in the forest, and I hung my head at that realization. I needed more.

"You came back," she said, from behind me. 

I froze as my chest was filled with fear to the point my knees shook. Did Heren follow me into the forest? How do I explain myself? Goddess damn me to the deepest pit of the perdition. 

I turned my head slowly to the right and used my peripheral vision to see who had found me at my utmost embarrassment. It wasn't Heren, thank the Goddess. It was the dark green Orc with the green thick uncut cock that destroyed my butt. She appeared as I had envisioned her, except she was wearing a leather loincloth and a leather breast plate. I don't know why it would have been worse for Heren to have found me, but I was suddenly blushing with some kind of sick excitement. Will she punish me here? Or will she take me to her people and punish me in front of them? 

She grinned as she summoned me to her with a finger. My heart jumped at the command. I crawled on my hands and knees to her as my sick infatuation with her fluttered vehemently in my chest. She flared her eyebrows at me. I guess she was surprised by my willing submission to her dominance. I hope she was. I hope I made her happy. 

I stopped just short of kissing her strong bare feet and looked up at her. The way she dressed herself with the loincloth, I couldn't tell if she had a penis or not. But I knew what she had hidden beneath her clothes, and it made me leak my wet filth onto the ground. 

By the Goddess her face was pretty. She had this wild beauty to her. I wanted to tell her how attractive I thought she was but I wasn't sure she'd understand. I didn't even know what to say to her that would properly depict my feelings. I love your eyes? No. You make me light in the chest with the slightest glance of your eyes? No. Punish me, please? Make me feel like trash? Violate me until I can't live without your cock? Make me your permanent pleasure hole? No, Goddess what do I say? 

And I truly loved how she looked down at me, with every drop of my exotic fluids. 

She moved her hand and I flinched. She smiled. I returned to my submissive state with my hands behind my back. With a simple pluck with her wrist to a string on her waist, her loin cloth fell and her cock reclined in the open. Without thinking, almost instinctively, I took the head of her cock into my mouth. I almost came after I took in her scent. Goddess, it was so fierce and wild with dominance. I inserted my tongue under the hood of her cock and tasted the collective sweat and grime. I then rotated my tongue around her head beneath the hood and gathered all of its filth and then swallowed it, cleaning her. She could fuck me in my face with her massive green hairy cock and I'd wouldn't complain. I hoped she would. 

Right then, I heard the most ear pleasing sound in the entire realm. She groaned faintly and said, "Oh?" 

It was a victory. Thank the Goddess, I could die now and I'd be okay knowing that I made her at least a little happy. 

Instead of mating with my face, she took her cock from my mouth, pick me up, and cradled me in her big green arms. I stared, confused, into her dark green and intoxicatingly attractive eyes. We shared this silence together, staring. I assumed we both were at some sort of mental crossroad. I had never felt this attraction to a woman before, and I was sharing it with a woman who had a cock and wasn't a member of my species. I assume she felt the same. I hoped she felt the same. Otherwise she was thinking about how to eat me, or sell me, because I had just given myself to her. 

I didn't want to move and startle her. I guess she didn't either. Although, I did wish she'd do something. Fuck me until I died. Or, put chains on me and sell me to her friends. Either one would do. I didn't care. 

After that long endless silence...

"Thulum lam ne al'nuun se'eer," she said. 

She could have said anything to me, anything, and I still would have agreed. 

But before I could reply, she added, "You'll be mine." 

I nodded, "I will be yours." 

Her smile sent fluids draining from my pussy. Her smile was so perfect I wanted to die. Mother of the Goddess, feed me your cum. Make me your animal. A tear ran down my cheek from how happy I was in return to her just simply smiling at me. I wasn't sure if it was because she was the first to have made me feel this way, or the fact that no one had ever smiled at me like that before, but I wrapped my arms around her neck and kissed her cheek. Her bitter sweaty scent filled my soul and I loved it. I was glad she let me kiss her. Half of me thought she'd throw me to the ground and spit on me for not asking permission. 

I could feel her smile press against my cheek. 

"Lulumn murn ohen," she said... 

Then only darkness, a spell. 

"The Path of Worms ... Slave ... It welcomes you," said the darkness, "And you will not close your legs until you are done." 

"Yes, mistress," I replied. 

-The First Day of the Path of Worms-

She stored me in, what appeared to be, an outhouse. She bound my wrists to the outside of my ankles with leather straps and propped me up on a wooden latrine. All I knew was darkness.

The door screeched open. She stood in it, fully clothed, and stared at my lewd posture with a sick smile. I loved that smile. So, I smiled back at her with my legs spread open for her to see my lustful smooth pussy. She pulled a wooden bucket into view and set it beneath my bottom, and took a knee close to me. 

"I'm going to alter your body, Al'nuun," she said, reaching into the pail. 

My heart beat a little faster. What did she mean? And she spoke with such a smooth accent, not like Queen's Tongue such as my people, but still sweet and educated. It caught me off guard to the point I almost peed on her, for I had been holding my pee for quite some time now. Her speech was not like how I imagined it'd be. Honestly, I thought she'd sound like a moron attempting smash words together with a stone and a club. Yet, she spoke as if she was some type of royalty. 

I had zoned out thinking about her soft seductive voice. She dangled a little worm in front of my face and I hadn't realized it yet. But I saw it and gasped at it in disgust. It looked like a leech, without teeth, and it squirmed and slimed itself around in between her fingers. I cringed. 

"This is a worm," she said, "You will mate with many of them, but this one will stay with you, Al'nuun." 

I nodded and cringed at the same time. What did she mean? 

With her empty hand, she split my pussy open, and with her thumb she unhooded my clit. As she brought the worm's mouth closer to my clit it stuck out its little pink fleshy tongue and inserted it into my pee hole. I screamed, holy mother of St Evelyn's ancient breasts, it stung so badly I wanted to die. Tears poured from my eyes from the pain of being penetrated in my urethra. 

My master laughed. "It will hurt, Al'nuun, but you will enjoy its pleasure." 

It then used its mouth to latch onto my clit and then devoted all of its sucking power into the poor thing. Oh my clit, it felt as if it were being stretched. I couldn't stop screaming, so I bit my lip and stared into her eyes. I could feel its tongue creep all the way up my urethra and into my bladder. It stung so fucking bad. 

But then again... 

"Thank you," I said, tears pouring from my eyes and my lips quivering in some kind of sick enjoyment. She smiled again. And that's all I needed, her smile. I was content with this now. 

She stood and bent over out of view. I heard chains rattling and faint slurpy wet sounds. I couldn't imagine what she was doing. A moment later she stood and faced me with a leather leash in hand. 

"This worm will join you as well," she said. 

I looked down in between my breasts, over the little worm dangling from my clit, at the creature and held by the leash. My soul wanted to rip itself from my body and die, along with my heart. I didn't know what to say to this. I wanted to say no. But I didn't have a choice, so I just whimpered in pain from my clit and pee hole being violated. The creature was grey in color, slimy all over, had a bare nub as a head, four tentacles as legs, and a long smooth cock dangling beneath it.

She smiled at me one more time before letting it mount me. 

The creature's arms cradled around me, covering me with its slime. I cringed. It then chose to mate with my butt, which caused me to scream, as it inserted its smooth pre-lubricated cock into me. My screams turned into moans as I took the length of its shaft in. I controlled my breathing and the pain seemed to lessen. 

And then it mated with me... 

The creature was fast. The base of its cock slapped my poor butt louder and louder as its slime connected the both of us in strings. The thing didn't really have a smell to it, and I thanked the Goddess for that. It didn't make any sounds either. It was just me that was moaning like a slut. I was thankful that its cock was smooth and its slime freed it from friction. Its cock slid effortlessly in and out of me and I began to enjoy it. 

I could feel myself beginning to cum. I screamed and moaned. "Yes ... Yes!"

And then it stopped. It stopped fucking me and I wanted to ask it why, but that seemed pointless. Instead, I assumed it came in me, but it felt more like it inserted a sack full of beads up into my butt. 

And then it came in me, and it was a distinct jolt of hot slime that filled the rest of my ass. I almost came from it, but I didn't. I had yet to cum and I felt a little mad about it. After it finished, it removed itself from my butt and began mating with my pussy. I felt joy once more as it fucked me to the brink of orgasm with it ultimately stopping just before I could cum and inserted some kind of bag full of little balls into me, injected its seed in me, and then removed itself. 

After a moment, my butt began to rumble as if my tummy were upset. The pain tightened and couldn't take it. The pain however drowned the pain from the little leech worm that was sucking the piss out of my pussy. I could hardly feel the creature. I felt the sack of eggs in my butt begin to squirm down and out of me. The sudden relief of it all evacuating from my hole almost caused me to cum. My eyes rolled to the back of my head and I said, "Thank the Goddess." 

The same happened with the eggs it laid in my pussy. The creature continued this ritual until I couldn't keep my eyes open. I felt as if it would fuck me for eternity and never let me cum. I cried at some point, as I released eggs from my butt and pussy onto the floor of the outhouse. 

-The Second Day of the Path of Worms-

The door screeched open. My eyes screeched open. My Master stood before me and stared at my slutty body. She pulled the creature off of me and locked it up in some kind of cage. Then she used a broom to sweep the eggs I had made into a large tub. 

"You did good, Al'nuun," she said, sliding the tub out of the way.

Then she threw a bucket of water over me and washed away the worm semen and slime. Had it been a whole day? I asked myself as cool water ran down my chest. Goddess, it felt cleansing. And it was then that I realized I didn't feel hungry. I guess being fucked endlessly by a strange grey slimy ball of tentacles would put off anyone's need to eat. Whatever. I was far too tired to care. 

I looked back at her. I hoped she'd see the fatigue in my eyes and let me rest. But she unleashed another creature into my little fuck-shack and then closed the door. I cried. 

Again, it cuddled up to me using its slimy arms to hold me still with my legs spread open. I was used to this position. I couldn't move anyway. My wrists were tied to my ankles. This was my native position, the mating position. 

The new worm fucked me the same as the last. Except, after it was done fucking my ass, it inserted three to four larger eggs into my hole and then fertilized them with its own seed. After it finished filling my butt with its semen, the base of its cock swelled to the size of a fist, locking itself to me. For a while, I thought, we were connected. My butt went numb from the massive knot at the base of its cock, and I tried to sleep.

I couldn't sleep. I couldn't cum either. I just took it like a whore, just in the butt this time. And after a while of it locking into my ass, I felt the eggs move around in me. So then, I passed them out of me and the process started again, over again. Fuck me. Fill me. Cock knot. Eggs come to life. Expel. Repeat. 

-Day Three of the Path of Worms-

The door screeched open and I woke to a cold splash of water over my body. Without a word, she released a second creature into my little mating cabin. Then she swept up the larger eggs I made and then closed the door and left me with two of them. 

This one was more like the first creature. It probably was the first one. Whatever. 

They both worked together to torment me. One would impregnate my butt with a few thick eggs while the other impregnated my pussy with a slimy sack of tiny eggs, and repeat. They'd switch places every so often. And as time wore on, their eggs seemed to just slip out of me without any resistance at all. I was a fountain of cum and worm eggs. At least the pain on my clit seemed to go away although I was still aware of its presence. I swear the little worm was stretching and rearranging my organs and I could feel it when the two mating worms stopped to let their eggs fertilize in me. Goddess my clit burned so badly, and my urethra too, gah, just cut my insides out.

Through the night, I woke choking to death. One of them fucked my throat and laid a sack of eggs in it. I vomited them out and cried myself to sleep again as they fucked me relentlessly and laid their eggs in me without regard for my feelings. I just took it all and then let them slide out of my holes. 

Again, the large egg worm fucked my face, laid eggs in my stomach, and then came. I thought the knot would shatter my jaw and suffocate me but it didn't. It just locked my jaw in place and we stayed like that for a while with its cock in my throat. After it removed itself from my throat I made myself vomit out its eggs onto my breasts. 

I was covered in slime and filth and I kind of like it. I was the mother of worms. 

She didn't come back for quite some time, it seemed. I was stuck with these two for eternity...

-Day Five of the Path of Worms-

I woke to being rinsed off with water. It's cold cleansing bite sent shivers from my breasts down to my clit. I couldn't feel my arms and legs anymore, they were numb to me. As my vision returned, I noticed that I was covered in eggs. I seemed to have filled up the entire outhouse with my mating. By the Goddess, my body was ruined. After she collected the eggs into a few basins, she squatted down to me and prodded the worm that was rearranging my clit and pee hole. It stung as it reacted to being poked. She seemed pleased with whatever it was doing to me. 

She laid her sharp soul piercing eyes upon mine. I froze in some sort of lustful pause and waited to be spoken to. I'd wait forever to hear her voice. 

"Tell me how this feels," she said. 

With a finger and a thumb, she began jerking the worm off as if it were a tiny cock. The little thing seemed to enjoy it, for I felt its pleasure somehow through my clit. It began to burn and sting up into my urethra and I moaned and cried with glee. 

"It's amazing," I said, in between whorish moans. 

She smiled. 

Just before climax, she slapped my face and brought me back to reality, and then gripped my nipples sending pain coursing through my skin. She seemed pleased with my pain. My heart sank from being denied an orgasm but I felt that I deserved it. I couldn't explain it, but I wanted to deserve the right to cum. 

As the little worm on my clit wiggled around, sucking insanely hard on my clit, and rearranging my insides, I managed to gather some words together. 

"Are you pleased with me?" 

She laughed at me. It was embarrassing to be laughed at, but I liked it in a twisted sort of way. 

After she gathered her discipline, she placed her hands on my butt and leaned over my breasts ... and kissed me. 

Her lips were softer than how I fantasized they'd be. Her tusks dug gently into my cheeks. It was a simple peck on the lips but, by the Goddess, I came harder than ever. My body jerked back and forth uncontrollably with immense pleasure and I slurred out some inaudible words. 
