 Chapter Three: Al'nuun

"I did not regret. I lived."

"My name is Liana Worms. My Mistress, K'Oren Worms, the Thirteenth Worm Priestess of the Southern Pass, took me and made me hers. I was her Al'nuun, her Life Slave. We lived like no other couple. We became inseparable through time. We were lovers, perfectly matched and free from the boundaries of mortals. I remember our moments and I keep them in my heart. You will remember our stories too. With, or without your consent."

-Illiana Worms to the Queen of Litteuvania during the War of Wolves and Jackals.

Her smooth yet absurdly veiny green cock slid into my pussy without warning, immediately rousing me from my slumber. I woke with my legs over my head and she was on top of me wearing the widest of smiles. I slept on the floor at the foot of her bed, for now. She demanded it so, for I was just a simple slave learning her place. I thought it was rather cute, to be honest. 

But there we were, on the floor mating like beasts. She fucked me for breakfast, most days. On the others, she'd leave early and hunt out north beyond the pass. The place we lived, the Court of Worms, was the southern border between the Kingdom of Whalhuun, the Land of the Orcs, and the Southern Kingdom of Litteuvania. I didn't miss my home, and I hardly thought about it. 

The Court of Worms was hidden by a secret door that only few Orc mages could pass. The human race in the south could not travel further north due to the epic mountain range that separated the two lands. The Orcs were forever blocked from human interaction and I guess that was good for me. Humans ruined my life. Too complex they are with their inbreeding and politics. Now that I thought about it, Roengraf was only a few dozen lengths of range from the pass. Whatever, it's not like it mattered anymore. 

As we laid on the floor moaning in pleasure, she slid her hand under me and guided two fingers into my butt. I groaned in relief. I loved being filled by her. She continued to pound into me, increasing in speed. Her abs slammed down onto my cock and crushed my balls, making me cringe in lovely pain. I had to pee, badly, but the pain was glorious and unending. 

I knew she was to climax soon. Her speed and ferocity usually increased to the point of unbearable pain and then ended with a rather large burst. She was to cum into me with the most filling of loads. Lately I've been latching onto her with my arms and legs so that she'd cum in me. After, I'd empty my holes into a bowl to orally partake its contents. She only fed me once a day with the Sar'laan Worm in the evening while she ate her dinner. So, I needed some sort of breakfast. 

And she did so, with a loud colorful grunt. My tummy swelled with her seed as I moaned with her. The hardest thing to do after we had sex was trying to use my limbs. It took every amount of my strength to crawl over to my bowl to catch her seed. 

She liked walking me around like an animal. I guess, this was my stage, my status at the moment. And again, I rather liked it too. I wore nothing but the collar she gave me and she led me around playfully by saying, "Good girl," and, "Bad girl," and the like. I was forbade to wear clothes for the rest of my life. I shrugged at myself. I didn't need clothes anyway, just the piercings she gave me. I loved the way they decorated my soft pale body. I wanted more.

Sometimes I'd crawl on all fours. Sometimes I'd waddle like a duck. I preferred the waddling for I could keep my hands clean to service her. I engaged in the most immoral of tasks. I was her hole. I was her servant. I cleaned her butt when she relieved herself because I loved her and no one would object for I was her slave. 

Her cum was salty and slimy, and filled me up. She allowed me to do this and she took enjoyment in watching me release her seed from my holes and into a bowl for me to consume.

She said, "Only because it's mine." 

And I enjoyed it, now, not at first. I almost puked the first time she relieved herself and I had to clean her hole with my tongue. Again, I eventually enjoyed it. I'd drink her pee too, sometimes in the night, so that she wouldn't have to get up and go to the latrine out in the field. 

Her seed filled my tummy and I licked my bowl clean. She fed me water from a bowl on the floor as well. I'd stick my bum up in the air and she'd grip my cock and balls in her hand and stick her thumb into my pussy, jerking it in and out of me as I partook in hydrating myself. Drinking water was such a slutty task for me. 

Our daily task was the birthing of Worms. The worms themselves could self-replicate by either being cut in half or asexual reproduction. She used my body to hasten the act. She didn't like taking a butcher blade to them. They had feelings too. 

The worms were used to create Essence of Hur'caf. Orcs had the ability to wield magic, but not as effectively as elves and humans. So, the essence was used to enhance their abilities. And, my Mistress, a Worm Priestess, was the only one in the Kingdom of Whalhuun that could create this essence. It was done so to prevent warring clans from controlling or overusing the essence. Mistress Koren's clan was forever neutral, forever divine, and forever worshipped. 

Love fluttered about in my chest like butterflies amongst a field of lavender. I was nothing back then. Now, I helped my Mistress create magic, the only magic for an entire realm. This was my purpose as her Al'nuun, or at least that's what I thought at the time 

The book the old mystic gifted me came to good use. I read it daily as Mistress Koren readied my mating chamber. The book didn't really go deep into the differences between an Al'nuun and an Al'kenet, a traditional slave. It only stated that an Al'nuun was known as a life slave. 

However, the book elaborated the differences between the two races of Orc. Neither race was actually referred to as Orc or Orcish, human words. There were the Odrean, like the taller light green Orc with the cock of a horse. They were a taller, stronger race, with pointy ears and more prominent tusks, but they were also known as the lower'kind. On the other hand, there were the Oro'keen, like my Mistress. The Oro'keen's skin ranged from dark green to greys and even blues. They had round ears and short stubby tusks. The Oro'keen were regarded as the higher folk of the Kingdom. 

Both races had males and females. However, their spirit type and reproductive issues caused many other variations. There were males with female genitalia, females with male genitalia, and then females and males with both genitalia. There was also a way to trade genitalia using some kind of magical technique but I couldn't understand it. Their language was too complex, for now. 

I had a hard time understanding the Oro'keen hand script. The book helped me learn. Although, my Mistress would still laugh at me when I tried their speech, she'd still pat me on the head and spank my bottom. 

Speaking of spankings. I was punished every morning with ten spankings to my bottom. I heard her footsteps leading to our room in the Castle in the Wall. I faced away from the door and put my cheek to the ground, sticking my butt up high so that I could be punished. 

My heart beat faster for every one of her footsteps closer to me. I loved this, every day. She didn't like warning me either. Her hand met my butt and left it red. 

I screamed, "Ahm!"

She made me count in Oro'keen, to help me learn... 

"Di ... Tam ... Nah ... Tah ... Rin ... Es ... Urn ... Ki ... Lam ... Thank you Mistress!" 

Every morning, I loved it. Submission burst from my heart and into the open. I was such a dirty girl for her. Goddess, take me to hell and brand me a perverted fiend. 

Soon after my morning punishment, we began our daily tasks. She bound my wrists to my ankles with leather straps, my mating position, and I waddled behind her happily led by my leash. I did this everyday regardless of the position she restrained me to down at the mating chamber, which was the little wooden shack near the opposite side of our little private valley in the mountain. 

My legs were getting accustomed to this state of walking like an animal. My thighs and calves burned less and less each day. When we arrived at the mating chamber, she mounted me inside. 

Today, I was bound with my arms behind my back, which made me stick my breasts out. My legs were tied up separately with single loops of leather, strapping my ankles up to where my heels touched my upper hamstrings. My legs were spread wide of course, so my genitals and mating holes were out in the open. My little cock hung over my pussy limply. I was still getting used to it, but then again, I would never aim my pee like how I heard men did. I still peed sitting down and would forever. I was a lady still. That, and I wasn't allowed to touch my penis. It was hers to torment, not mine to touch.

She brought out the worm. She had many. This one lived in a big flower pot. From what I could see, it looked like a red clay pot full of grey and green meat I guess. I couldn't tell what its contents would entail for me. She set it below my butt and slid it in place. 

"You may relieve your bladder now," she said. 

As my Mistress ordered, I peed into the pot of grotesque meat and tentacles. Relief coursed through me as I peed into the worm pot, which I assumed roused it awake or something of the like. 

Shortly after finishing, a thick arm of disgusting meat rose from the pot and Mistress Koren guided its head into my butt. 

"By the Goddess," I groaned, as it's head slowly penetrated my opening with a grimy slippery sound that made me wet with lust.

I let out a long breath and controlled my breathing to take in the length of slimy meat cock. After sliding as far in me as it wanted to, it stopped moving. 

"This one will plant an egg in you and the warmth of your body will help it come to life," Mistress Koren explained. 

I nodded with my eyes closed, focusing on allowing my body to stretch to the size of the creature's girth. 

"You'll have more guests joining you today. I hope you're ready." 

I opened my eyes to her holding another worm up to me. This one looked like the Sar'laan worm she fed me with, but was smaller and its tongue cock was thicker and covered with smaller tendrils. My mouth watered a little as I saw its slime drip from the tip of its tendril-riddled tongue or cock or whatever it was. 

"One is going here," she said, letting one latch onto my pussy. 

I groaned, by the Goddess, it felt so warm and smooth and lovely. I felt every little tendril slip and slither around against the walls of my vagina and I moaned ever so lightly at its blissful decadence.

"Another one is going here," she said, letting the other one latch onto my mouth. 

Its thick slimy member entered my throat. My eyes rolled to the back of my head as I moaned and gurgled on its cock, while it's four little arms wrapped around my head. 

"Can you still breathe?" 

I nodded and hummed, "Yes Mistress," inaudibly through the worm cock in my mouth. 

She smiled at my lewd state of being fucked by her creatures. I smiled back but she probably didn't see my face since the worm's tentacle arms were covering most of it. 

"These will alter your holes so you can't be stretched out and broken. Your throat will bring you pleasure. Your pussy will never swell and bleed. My Al'nuun is the best. You'll enjoy it so much," she said, with a smile. 

She placed a hand over the worm altering my pussy. "This one will take your eggs from your womb and keep them safe from my cock. I'll keep this one separate until it is time for me to return your eggs to you." 

The worm's little slimy tail bounced up and down embarrassingly as I nodded my head and gave her my cute eyes like a little slut. She could take anything she wanted from me. I loved her too much to care. 

"One more," she chirped. 

Reaching behind her out of view, she brought forth a little bowl full of little leech worms. I called them leech worms because they looked like leeches to me. The name for them was too complex for me to remember, but they're harmless. She told me they increase the sensitivity of my skin around the areas they are latched on to. 

She put one on each of my nipples, which I loved. Then she glanced at me for a moment and said, "And the last one goes here." 

She placed one on the head of my little peepee! I guess it used to me my clit but, Goddess, it was still the most sensitive place ever! Especially after that itchy cock test! It took three days for my poor little peepee to go back to normal!

I screamed and groaned like a boar. It sucked hard on the tip of my cock and fucked my urethra with its tongue. I began to spasm uncontrollably as my eyes rolled back and stayed like that for Goddess knows how long. 

When I woke, she had already closed the door to my mating chamber. The worms favored the dark and so did I. 

The flower pot worm began to do its thing to me. I only speculate its intent and functioning, but it began to bulge in my butt. It felt as if it were squeezing some form of lubrication or maybe even seed into me, whatever it was doing, it wasn't violent. 

I had spoken too soon, by the Goddess, a large knot traveled up its shaft and stopped at the entrance to my butt. I think it was the egg Mistress told me about. The thing was big. It was twice as thick as Mistress Koren's cock. I teared up at the eyes. There was no way that was going to fit in me. 

"Mmmm mmmMMMmmm Hmmmm!"

I whined depressingly into the worm-cock in my throat, and gurgled a bit too, as a tear ran down my cheek. The flower-pot worm probably knew that I was not ready or even slightly prepared, so it slowly pushed the tip of the egg into me and then let it slide back out, letting my entrance prepare itself for a massive reckoning. 

After a few moments of preparation, the whole egg slid into me and shot straight up into my tummy, rearranging my organs and sending tears streaming down my cheeks. The worm removed its shaft from me and I screamed so loudly though the slimy worm cock fucking my throat. 

"MMMMMMMmmmmmmnnnnn!"

It hurt so damn bad. I wanted to die, not as badly as the itchy cock test, but still Goddess kill me. 

I guess the pain sent me into pitch darkness. When I woke, Mistress had opened the door and kneeled before me to help me pass the egg. 

"Are you ready, slut?" she asked, cupping her hands under my butt to catch the egg. 

I shook my head and cried. Goddess, I didn't want to do this. 

She frowned at me with disappointment so I changed my shaking head to a nodding head. She smiled then. 

"Now push, Al'nuun. Like you're relieving yourself like one of my pets." 

So, I pushed, although I hadn't actually passed anything out of my butt since she'd started feeding me with the Sar'laan. I imagined having to though, and it didn't help. It was harder due to the fact that I could only breathe from my nose. I groaned in frustration. I had to get this thing out of me. Nothing was helping. I was still being tormented by the worm fucking my throat, the worms on my nipples, and the worm berating the head of my cock and my pee hole. There were too many things going on for me to focus. 

She laughed at my struggle. Her smile made me try. 

After several attempts at passing the egg, I eventually popped it out of me and finished with an eye rolling release. The worms never made me cum. I never figured out how they could manage that, but I never came while being mated. 

It popped out of my butt and into my Mistresses hands covered in strings of slime. I nearly fainted. I wanted to, but didn't. 

She carried it away and placed it into a bucket of water. The worms flourished in water, hence why she always had me run to the creek near the norther edge of our secret valley to fetch pales of mountain water. 

She then removed the other worms one by one, starting with my mouth. I took a breath of fresh air and moaned as she removed the worms from my nipples and pussy. For a moment, she toyed with my cock, leaving the worm in place. 

"You want it now, whore?" 

Oh Goddess, she gave me a choice. That was the first choice she had ever given me, to cum now or wait till after my evening punishment. Yes, I was punished twice a day for being a disgusting worm slut. 

I nodded fervently. "Yes, Mistress, if it would please you." 

She smiled wide and began masturbating me with her hand as she kept her eyes on mine. I returned the glare. I loved looking into her insanely deep green eyes. Goddess, they were perfect. 

It didn't take long for me to cum. I had no patience. But it was a burst, a rupture, of seed that filled up the worm to where it swelled as if it were about to pop. 

She continued to stroke my cock slowly, assisting my lingering orgasm into the little worm latched onto the head of my little penis. As she caressed my cock gently, she leaned into me and kissed me deeply. We swirled our tongues together with lust. I slid my tongue around to the left and right, circling her cute little tusks at the corner of her mouth. This was perfect. I loved being restrained and tormented. 

She broke the kiss and smiled at me while pinning me back against the latrine at my throat. With much anger, she entered my pussy with her amazing green cock. 

Goddess, she pounded me like I wasn't a living creature. Her pelvis slammed against mine sending pain shooting from my balls up to my skull, making me enter some sort of hellish trance.

I guess she didn't have any patience either. She usually made me waddle behind her for a while and then went over discipline training and slave etiquette. Today, she fucked me right on the spot, while I was still strapped in the mating chamber. 

She pulled out of me and came on my chest. My super-sensitive nipples stung with excitement as strings of her seed dripped and dangled from my nipple rings. I bit my lip at her. She smiled and smacked my ass with a satisfying slap. 

"Your other hole needs to be altered too, Al'nuun," she said.

I guess my time in the mating chamber wasn't up yet. She slid the worm that fucked my mouth into my butt so that it could do whatever it did to my throat and pussy. I guess it altered the elasticity of my holes so I couldn't be broken by her ridiculously large cock. 

After letting it latch onto my butt, she closed the door again and left me in the dark. She also left the worm on the tip of my penis as well. It dangled from the tip of my hardened cock with its little belly full of my seed. It still violated my urethra, causing me to twitch as groan. 

The day wore on as I was violated in the dark, soaked in my Mistress' cum, while the worm fucked my sore little butt. 

After having completed my daily task, she let me tend to my long blonde hair with her horse-hair comb while she readied dinner, because she didn't like the way I cooked. It was too human for her to bear. 

I didn't have to keep shaving the bald half of my head. It was forever marked in black runes by my Mistress. Regardless of the bald half, I loved how lush my hair was in comparison to my sisters. I never had an issue with dressing it up. It always curled naturally and it made me smile. That was, until... 

A single white hair. I died. 

"Mistress!" 

She came running to me from the kitchen and stopped in the doorway glaring at me as I sat depressingly on the floor of our room with her comb in one hand and my hair in the other. Tears painted my face with grief. She sighed. 

"Am I going to turn into an old hag?" I asked. I didn't think that was a question a dunce would ask, but to her it may have sounded as such. 

She replied in total seriousness. "Through your relationship with the worms, your hair will turn pure white, whiter than the mountain caps. Snow painted hair is considered a gift amongst the Oro'keen. I am happy. My Al'nuun will be honored for her hair as well as her perfect body." 
