 -=-=-=-=-=-=-

Lord Talos of Evora

Dancer's Hill, Kingdom of Solais

28th of Starset, 1282 D.f.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-

All men have fought this war, the battle to fight or flee; the masses label it nerves, whilst the devout call it destiny. But this war isn't so much a choice between two options. No men choose to flee. It's all instinct, it's beyond us, it's the ability to embrace chance automatically.

And to run is to hope. To flee is to put your faith in the world, in that events will work in your favor without your guidance. But Talos wasn't a man of the gods. Talos wasn't faithful. He had to end this madness himself.

The lone swordsman looked down upon the many elves cloaked in whites and greens, with the endless straightened shore on the horizon acting as their backdrop. He raised his make-shift flag of peace; a white shirt tied to a long branch of oak. The outriders of the army were already nearing his position at the top of the hill, whilst the main band of elves, thousands strong, huddled closely together at the foot of a slope of a great mesa, named 'Dancer's Hill' by men who had been here before.

The swordsman hadn't the need to advance. As soon as he'd crested the hill, half-a-dozen riders closed on his position with all haste. They carried spears, bows, swords, all manner of instrument to prevent a man like Talos from performing the very act he sought to conduct.

But he had to believe that Casiama could be saved; that a girl lost to the fates could still be freed. At least, that's what he told himself when the riders closed in and surrounded him, and demanded his immediate surrender. Talos lifted his free hand from the reins, and spoke to the elves with purpose.

"I'm here to see Kianra. She is expecting me."

The riders glanced at one another, as if to see if one had knowledge of Talos' arrival. They wouldn't. Talos hadn't encountered another soul in nearly a week. His sober presentation must have been convincing, however, as four outriders soon rode in to flank him, and escorted him down the hill after only a simple questioning.

"Kian'ra made no mention of a human ally. You will explain your intentions to us."

"Who are you, soldier, to share such personal details with our goddess?" Talos brazenly asked of him. "My arrival here is for her sake alone, and she will be most displeased to know that you held me away."

The elf only glared at him in reply, but Talos could read on his thoughts that he'd already fled from any attempt to gather information from him. The five then rode down the hill together, and towards the army of elves.

Talos was surprised to see that the elvish host were already encamped for the day. The sun would be right overhead had there not been clouds veiling it, and an army should have been making miles yet, only to camp but an hour before sunfall. But as Talos scanned the throngs of elves he passed, the truth of the matter hit him hard and fast.

Women. Children. The sick and the old. This was no army; this was a tribe. A collection of souls bound by blood and by time, completely nomadic until they found a new place to settle. In other words, they were desperate; and, if Casiama was here, then she was likely their source of hope. It was an entirely believable prospect, of course. She did the same for Talos, after all; his shining light on that otherwise-miserable day.

But there were soldiers about, as well. Elves of the Mossy Tree, elves of the Cross, elves of the Ocean Wave, and a few other banners Talos couldn't recognize. What a haphazard collection his Casiama had gathered.

"Human! Wait here," his escort commanded. Talos complied with a nod and a smirk, and hopped from the saddle after giving Spirit a pat on the neck. He watched two of the riders canter off further into camp, into the endless throng, and was left standing with the two remaining.

Talos shifted on his feet, shrugging off the anxious glances and the hushed whispers of those around him. They were scared; of what, Talos wasn't sure. But he did his best to ensure that he didn't show the fears that he himself felt in his heart.

"So, uh... you guys invade other countries often?" Talos asked of one of his remaining escorts.

"Silence, human."

"What?" he chuckled, shrugging. "Just making conversation."

As expected, the elves didn't appear very amused. Talos sighed, and decided to remain silent for the next five minutes until the two other riders returned to him.

"Kian'ra will see you. You will need to leave your weapons here."

Talos pretended to think on it a moment before unstrapping his sword belt, letting it crash against the grass with a dull thud. He then unequipped his crossbow and handed over the two other knives on his person to the closest rider.

"Can I bring Spirit? He gets a bit antsy when he's left to his own devices," Talos smirked. The elf he spoke to glanced towards his compatriot, and Talos realized he needed to redress his words. "My horse gets restless when I am away from him."

"Fine. Come with me, human."

Talos nodded to him, then patted Spirit on the neck while he nonchalantly checked over his saddlebags. He ensured his second sword Cassandra was still well-hidden, just as he'd planned this morning, and then led his horse by the reins as he followed in the wake of his escort. Talos tried to calm his heart with a deep exhalation; he'd thought it a coin flip this morning whether or not the elves would check his bags for another sword. But what kind of man carried two swords, anyway?

But the faces of those elves he passed didn't stay his pounding heart. What were they so afraid of? What would they have to fear, believing that their army was led by one of the divines themselves? Was it the mere proximity of a goddess which led to this fear?

Talos shrugged it off. He had to focus. He'd traveled so far to see his Casiama, yet had failed to prepare any words for her. A simple 'let's go' would have sufficed for his Cass... but now, who knew?

"Wait here, human. She will come shortly."

"Mm," Talos mumbled, hiding his trembling hands from the many elves milling about. He reminded himself to stay his breaths. He had to focus. Focus.

Only a minute or two had passed before a beautiful elven princess presented herself to him; but it was not his elven princess. Talos recognized her immediately as Faranya, the other elf who had gone missing on that fateful day at Dun Aysla.

She didn't appear very different from the day he'd seen her disappear. She wore more clothing, of course; a light green dress that fell to her knees and left her shoulders bare, and a pair of sandals on her feet. She bore a circlet of twigs on her forehead, which swept over her pointed ears and through her long blonde hair. Yet, something seemed horribly, horribly different about her. The smile?

"I present the High Lady Faranya of Tor Remilla and Kian'ra on Mundus, Bestower of the Infinite Sky and the Bringer of Every Wind. You will address her as 'your eminence', and her word is testament. Kneel before her."

But... what?

They were mistaken. This wasn't Kianra. Surely Faranya hadn't mantled the goddess? Surely Tanya would never make such a mistake? Surely the Oracle, in all her great wisdom, would never confuse these two elves?!

Talos cleared his throat. He suddenly felt horribly unstable, and his eyesight went blurry for a moment. His hand slipped when reaching for a nearby rock, and felt as if his entire world was unraveling.

"Kneel!"

Faranya shook her head, stifling a laugh. "Come now, Orion, he knows I am not her."

Just a trick. Talos didn't know whether to damn the gods or praise them.

"Faranya," he exhaled. "It's... a pleasure to see you in good health." As it meant that Casiama was as well.

"And you, Talos. I... find it truly remarkable that you stand before me now."

"Yeah? Well, uh, I wasn't the one that disappeared in a, uh, pillar of fire... and Cass?"

Faranya pursed her lips. Talos, even with Alanna still forty miles away, could still read her well enough to know she was just as frightened as he. She scanned the elves around them and smiled.

"Orion, could you please leave us be? I will take him to her directly," she sweetly said.

"What?! My lady, you must reconsider."

"Must I? Surely you do not believe that this man is a threat to her?"

The elven outrider known as Orion shook his head. "No, my lady, but to you-"

"He is my friend! Leave us be!" Faranya exclaimed, folding her arms under her breasts. A stunned Talos nearly let out a whistle as he looked on the unamused High Lady of Remilla. The remainder of the elves eventually found the will to step away, and returned to whatever it was they were supposed to be doing. Faranya trode towards him with graceful stride, and swept a hand under his arm.

"The 'High Lady' Faranya?" Talos smirked. She gently slapped his arm.

"The title of one who should wear a crown, but does not. Damn it, Talos, why are you here?" Faranya whispered to him as they slowly began making their way towards the great mesa. Talos tugged on the reins of his horse with his free hand.

"Came to rescue Cass," he answered reticently.

"I meant... how are you here?"

"A seer told me to come."

Faranya sighed. "You being here will not help her, Talos. She anticipated your arrival."

Talos rolled his eyes. "Faranya, can you please-" he cleared his throat, waiting for an elf to pass, then leaned in to whisper, "can you please tell me what the fuck is going on?"

"Not here. Just walk with me," she murmured with a manufactured smile. Talos had no choice but to acquiesce.

The pair made their way arm-in-arm through group after group of distraught-looking elf, towards the mesa of Dancer's Hill. They pretended to make light conversation with one another, hoping to make the strange union of man and elf appear less concerning to those around them. Judging from the thoughts bouncing through Talos' skull, the deception wasn't working.

Eventually the crowd of elves thinned out near the base of the hill, and Talos found it isolated enough to begin asking the torrent of questions he had for the princess.

"So, where is she?" Talos anxiously asked. Faranya nodded towards the peak of the mesa before them, then released herself from Talos' grasp and turned towards him.

"Up there. Recently she has been seeking isolation more often than not. Perhaps she finds the rest of us unworthy of her company," Faranya answered, a dreadful scorn dripping from every other word.

"And at Dun Aysla? What happened there?"

Faranya gave him an anxious smile, showing a hint of her dimples. "Nothing much of note. I... reached out to touch that large green stone, and then... nothing," she sighed.

"Nothing?"

"Uh! I mean, well, something. But... I do not know..."

"Say it, Faranya."

"It was... painless," she murmured, shaking her head. "I felt as if I was... flying? Flying in a dark, endless sky, where nothing else existed but myself and my thoughts. And then I... spoke to my father. At least, um... I dreamt that I did. In the heavens. In the darkness. He told me of..." she let out an anxious sigh, "of how he fell, and that you, Talos, took his life fifteen years ago. Is that true?"

Talos gazed into her worried eyes for a moment or ten, and only managed a hesitant nod. Faranya smacked him hard across the face.

"You bastard!"

"I didn't know!" he groaned. "He took up arms against Tardia. What was I supposed to do, huh?"

"Perhaps not be a bastard?!"

"I was young and stupid! But I do apologize, Faranya. Would it help if I said that his dying breaths still haunt my dreams? And that they helped make me the man that I am today?"

Faranya slapped him again, scowling. "Absolutely not! But... he also said... to forgive you. For you did not know your sins."

"Then could you please stop hitting me? I am remorseful. I am. I'm also sorry I didn't tell you on Dun Aysla. I wanted to."

Faranya shook her head, glancing towards the straightened shore on the horizon. "Do not look at me like that. I forgave you weeks ago, Talos."

"Thanks," Talos muttered, rubbing his cheek. "I'm sorry. Were you close?"

"No," she murmured. "I had not seen him since my fiftieth name day."

Talos couldn't help but give her a once-over. He knew elves aged deceptively slowly, but he'd assumed Faranya was closer to forty. Her revelation put her at at least sixty-five... probably closer to seventy... eighty, perhaps? He almost asked her how many years she had, before recalling Tanya's words that it was impolite to ask.

"Oh," he replied instead.

"Ninety-two years, you swine," she chuckled. Talos glanced away from her legs.

"And here I thought it was closer to thirty. Good to know that in sixty years, Casiama will still look perfect."

"And you will be only a memory," she shakily retorted, getting Talos to turn away and look at the shore as well. "Sorry, Talos. Now is not the time to charm me."

"I noticed. Well, what happened next?"

"I... fell from the sky. Naked. Onto a rolling plain that had no end. Casiama arrived just after, wearing nothing as well, except for... that damned sword. Her magics saved us from indecency, and... well, we traveled east for a while, unsure of where we were. It took us a week to find this tribe. They call themselves the remnants of Tor Novia; just another victim of man's obsession with war."

"Mm," Talos mumbled. Faranya continued on, her voice trembling.

"Then, one event led to the next, until they started to believe that... she... was Kian'ra. And it is hard not to, Talos. Her elemental magics are incredible. The skies brighten when she is happy, and storm clouds form when she is sad. And, over time... they all agreed to follow her westward, like the Prophecy of the Moon says we must do. And I became just Faranya; follower and courtier of a vengeful goddess."

Talos wasn't aware that Casiama was an evoker on top of her conjuration magics, but he smiled sympathetically. "If it helps, I always thought your magics were far more awesome."

"What did I just say about your charms?" she laughed through her tears. Talos turned back around to look on her with a smile. Faranya smiled as well. "She is still that same elf, Talos. She is scared, but she is strong. And the elves of Novia have not been kind to her, what with the feeding of lies and deceit about her supposed divinity."

"That's good to hear," he softly said.

"No... no, Talos, it is not. She remembers just as much as I do, and yet now she leads a host to war. And she is no general, Talos. She has only stumbled upon a fate that was not to be for a thousand years, and... I feel guilty."

"Don't."

"But I do!" she wobbly exclaimed. "If I had not been so curious, if I had not asked you to return, she, we..."

Talos raised a hand. "It's not your fault, Faranya. Don't try to assume blame where this is none. I would say that entirely lies with your grandfather."

"For building the towers?"

"For trying to force prophecy onto us. For... successfully forcing his retribution. It's the mindset of a child who thinks, 'if I cannot have peace, then you cannot as well.' It's selfish. It's... desperate... you know, my sorceress independently came to the same conclusion as the elves here? That Casiama was a goddess?"

"Oh no," Faranya gasped, leading a hand to her heart.

"But she could be wrong," Talos quickly reassured. Not that Tanya ever was. "And even if she isn't, well, it doesn't matter, Faranya. We both know the elven realms are not prepared for this war. It has to end."

"I am... glad you think that, Talos," Faranya smiled.

"But I need your help, Faranya. I don't know if I can do this alone."

"But what can I do, Talos? Fate is in the hands of the gods, now. The hands of an incessant child, and a man who slays the honorable for coin."

Talos only looked on her in confusion for a moment, but eventually shrugged. "What the fuck is that supposed to mean?"

Faranya shook her head. "Just... just go to her, Talos. Repair her. She does not understand the gravity of her position, and... and I pray you are not as gullible as she."

He nodded, then stepped towards the trembling princess to embrace her. Faranya clutched him tightly. "I'm not. I'm going to do my best to solve this, Faranya. Look, you're in the easterlands of Solais. Tor Valliya is... gods, I don't know, a thousand miles to the north, through hostile territory, badlands, and forests. They will take you in."

"And then what?" she sobbed on his shoulder. "I watch on as the world turns to shit?"

Talos sighed. He did not know.

"Talos, you are here because it is the right place to be. And I will be here, too. You have come too far to start doubting yourself now."

"And yet I feel as if I haven't progressed at all," he muttered. Faranya released him, smiling. She nodded towards the pathway behind her, which led to the top of Dancer's Hill.

"Go, Talos. May the gods guide you."

Talos nodded to her, even if his heart was filled with trepidation. He trudged towards Spirit, taking his blackened blade out from under the saddlebags.

"Watch my horse?" he smirked.

-=-=-

Talos was left alone with his thoughts as he trudged up Dancer's Hill. He thought back on the Oracle's prophecy, and scanned his surroundings to ensure it's veracity when he reached the top.

Everything was right where it should be; the straightened shore was behind him, and rolled on endlessly towards the horizon in both directions. The lone mountain hung precariously over it, half it's body sheared off where land met sea. The Ironpoint range rose proudly before him, their sharp peaks shining a dull black on this cloudy day. But he did not look there.

Because there was a girl standing alone, alone atop the hill. Her white skirts and gorgeous hair fluttered in the wind as she looked out over the horizon, and did she look ever so beautiful. Ever so perfect.

"Cass?" Talos croaked out. She turned to him, smiling, yet visibly shaken upon the sight of a man that may as well have been a ghost.

She fell to her knees.

"My everything," she smiled. "You have come to me. Just like I knew you would."

Yeah... right. Talos slowly stepped towards her, uncaring of anything else in the aetherius as he gazed upon her perfection. He knelt down before her, and took her in his arms.

He still loved her. There was no question. But he did not know what to say, and his thumping heart and his shaking lungs would never allow him to speak.

He cried instead. As did she. And they held one another atop that hill as if nothing had ever happened; as if they were only grieving for the loss of a loved one. Perhaps they were.

"Come on, Cass. We're leaving," Talos tearfully murmured a thousand thousand moments later.

"What?" she exhaled into his chest.

"We're leaving. I came here to take you home."

"But... my love... I am home."

Talos cleared his throat. "Cass... you're at the edge of the world roaming with a bunch of strangers..."

"But I am in your arms," she sobbed.

"Yeah. Okay," Talos whispered, rubbing her back. "Okay. You wanna tell me what happened, honey?"

"What... what do you know?"

"A... little, I guess. The elves here call you Kianra. My sorcer- Tatiana thought you a goddess weeks ago, after making sense of the moon tower's riddles. I've been told of an Emerald Moon prophecy, or something? Where you must march west for... I'm not sure the reason, truthfully," Talos gulped. "And I also know there's doubts. Doubts of your... divinity."

"Doubts?" Casiama instantly asked. "And who had these... doubts?"
