 Chapter Four: A Princess Bound In...

"We held hands as we watched their world burn."

-An excerpt from the journal of Illiana Worms.

She wrapped my, now almost entirely white, hair around her hand on the back of my head and forced her cock deeper into my throat. My nose dug into her bushy pubes and my chin rested on her balls. Sweat painted glistening love on our skin as she trained me. She loved it when I gurgled and choked so I exaggerated my sounds for her. 

"A good slave always looks at her master when she is being punished," she said. 

At times it was rather hard to, but I tried to keep eye contact. Her dominance sent me into my submissive shell. It wasn't more so a shell, rather a binding fuck-table with straps of leather. She had many things made for me within the past quarter of a cycle. She kept my devices out in the middle of the small field in the center of our sacred home. I would always be punished in the open, even when visitors were present. 

We had two today, she told me. I hadn't seen them yet, but I felt a slight tingle down my spine as if I were being watched, and I did rather like to be watched.

An Odrean woodworker dropped off a new table for me the other day and she used me on it in front of him. The table was small enough for me to lay on it to support the midsection of my back with my head and butt hanging off for her to torment me. This evening for my punishment, she bound me stomach down on it with my arms and legs strapped to the legs of the table so that she could train my throat with her domineering green hairy cock. 

Goddess, I loved the way she smelt. My pussy leaked its lubrication down over my little ball-sack, down the short length of my shaft, and dripped off with the pre-cum from the head of my cock as I took in a lung full of her wild scent. I was ever thankful for the alterations to my body. I hadn't had a period since ... almost half a cyclic year. 

We had only been together a little over a quarter of one. I also had gotten used to having a cock, I thought. It'd harden at random times, and it dangled all over the place when I walked, but it was rather cute to look at and it did make peeing easier. I also loved cumming from my cock. 

Goddess, it was not like cumming from my pussy or ass. It was like a thousand orgasms at once that'd cause me be paralyzed for a short while. I even ultimately liked the way my cum tasted. It wasn't strong and hardy like hers but still, it was lovely.

"Breathe, slut, or you'll likely sleep." 

Her cock filled my throat and I could feel her blood flowing through every vein in it. I could feel her heartbeat through her thick veiny shaft and I had to control my breathing to every pulse of its heavenly rhythm. 

"Your eyes are telling me that you want to be caned, slave. Is that true? What does your soul tell you? Does it agree?"

I nodded lightly as my lungs begged for air and my soul begged for pain. 

"Hmmm MMmmmhhmmmm," I hummed, attempting to say, "Yes Mistress," with her cock filling my throat. 

She smiled, closed her eyes, and moaned as the vibrations from my voice stimulated her shaft. 

Reaching down to my hand that was bound to one of the table legs, she took the thin wooden reed from me. I held it for her so that she could use it when the time came. 

With her cock still dominating my mouth, she reached over my back and thrashed my butt sending pain shooting up my spine and whorish moans from my heart. 

"Count, slave." 

I groaned in lovely agony at every strike. She smiled and bit her lip as we kept our eyes on each other's while I serviced her cock with my tongue. 

"Mmmn," I moaned, attempting to say the Oro'keen word for One. 

"Mmm ... Mnnn ... Mnnnmm ... Mmm ... Mmmn ... Mmm ... Mmn ... Mmm ... Mnnnnn." 

My butt burned in red pain filled love from my Mistress and I fucking loved it. 

"MMmnnhhmmm," I said, attempting to say that I loved her.

"You too are the love of my life, Al'nuun," she said, brushing my soft puffy cock filled cheeks with her fingers. 

Goddess, this was perfect. 

The wax was next. I loved wax training. She spell-bound the candle with skin cleansing tonics so that my soft pale body would keep its lavender scent. And, Goddess, the pain was so lovely. 

"Is my slave ready for more?" 

I screamed into her cock, begging to be punished as if I had deserved it. And I did deserve it, I would forever merit her pain. Her pain was a reward. 

She smiled. "Oh? And why do you think so, slave?" 

She gripped her shaft and removed her cock from my mouth for a moment, allowing me to speak. 

"Because I'm a disgusting pig whore who loves being tormented by her mistress. I'm a sick pervert who is always unclean and desperate for pain. My holes always need to be filled by your lovely cock, Mistress—"

As I continued to speak out the words from my heart she filled my mouth with her cock, causing me to gurgle and moan. She then started at the base of my neck and down my spine, pouring hot searing wax down my back and over my sour red little butt. 

I groaned in relief from the pain as I controlled my breathing as best as I could. Constant steady breathing helped me cry less. I guess, she liked my tears but would rather me hold them for something more deserving. Also, breath control helped me faint less. I assumed she was getting tired of me passing out, which she would then be fucking a limp fuck-bag of a slave. 

She used a nine-tailed flogging whip to break the wax from my body. She swung it around in a circle and graze my skin with it, leaving lovely red streaks of pain down my back and all over my poor butt. 

As she continued to pour wax over my back and rear, my skin went numb. The pain returned when she flogged the wax off, and I screamed into her cock. She moaned too, from my whorish groans into her meat. Lovely it was hearing her being satisfied. 

The pain began to overwhelm me to the point of losing control of my breathing. I grew harder to keep my eyes on her as she berated my body with her discipline. Goddess, I was going to faint. I tried shaking the fatigue away but her cock kept me from moving my head. 

"Oh slave? Will you keep bearing this pain? Or will you give in again?" she said. 

I tried. I focused on her breasts as they bounced up and down and side to side, while she flogged my slutty body. Goddess, they were so perfect. My cock began to harden again as I thought about caressing her soft green tits with my cheeks. 

I had to focus on something else. I almost came thinking about her like that, so I stared back up into the deep green void of her irides. Her eyes controlled me deep down into my soul. 

"Oh slave," she said. 

I blinked myself awake. I guess I fainted for a moment from being punished beyond my limit, which was increasing, by the way. I thought I lasted pretty long that time. 

"You must be punished for being a bad slut." 

I nodded. Yes, I did need that indeed, Mistress. 

She set the candle down on my fuck-table and then gripped the back of my head with both hands. She bit her lip at me, and began fucking my throat. Her cock slid in and out of me with such force, I nearly fainted again. I kept eye contact. I had to keep eye contact. Her thick tangled bush of pubes tickled my nose as her balls slapped my chin. 

I groaned and gurgled on her cock while she pounded away at my face. Goddess, this was amazing. I could taste her salty slimy precum in the back of my mouth. She hadn't fucked my face with such speed before. I couldn't take it anymore. I was going to die. 

Slap ... Slap ... Slap ... Slap ... Slap ... Goddess, forgive me ... I'm such a pervert. 

She held my head up as she removed herself from my mouth and began jerking herself off. I stared at the little strings of saliva and precum that connected my mouth with her dominating green cock while she prepared to cover me with her seed. 

"Oh, slave," she said, sweetly, "Will you ever just be a good girl for me?" 

My heart nearly exploded from her toying with my emotions. 

She then stepped forward and rested her cock on my shoulder, bringing the base of her hip to my cheek. I lightly kissed her skin at the base of her cock as she came on my back. I heard her groan as her hot cum dripped and ran all over me. She kept cumming for a moment longer. I rotated my head down and took one of her testicles in my mouth and sucked on it, assisting her orgasm. 

"Oh Liana, my Al'nuun. You're such a little masochist," she said. 

That was it. That was the word. I had been searching for it for so long. I was a masochist, a sick perverted pig fuck-bag masochist. 

I nodded to her comment while I continued to suck on one of her testicles. 

She laughed and reached over my back and slapped my butt. "You're so disgusting, slave. I guess you'll be needing a bath this evening," she said, removing herself from me and stepping out of view, "Or maybe I'll let you stew in my seed for tonight. You seem more enlightened when you're made into a filthy fuck-bag."

I smiled. "Either way, Mistress, as long as my presence pleases you." 

She slapped my ass again with a laugh and then walked away from the platform to get a towel and drink. 

I hung my head and stretched the fatigue from my neck. Goddess, I never realized holding my head up for that length of time would be so hard on my neck. 

It was then that I noticed, staring under the table and between my legs, that the two visitors she told me about were sitting behind me the whole time, watching me. 

From my perspective, they were upside down. I knew both of them. One was the old mystic, interesting indeed, her coexistence with the Orcs. The other was the tall pale-green Odrean with the strangely shaped cock. 

She stood and walked over to me while the old mystic remained in her seat. My heart began to race as she stepped up onto the platform and over to me. Kneeling down to my eyelevel, we glared at each other. 

She was rather attractive, not as much as Mistress Koren. My Mistress was the most gorgeous woman in the Mortal Realm. But the Odrean kneeling before me did have a dominating beauty to her. 

"It's been awhile," she said, with a smile, "You changed quite a bit since I last fucked you." 

I nodded. What was I supposed to called her? Mistress? No. I had one Mistress. Master, Maybe?

"Yes, Master," I said, dully. 

She smiled. "You've learned your place. I see. Well, you may call me Master if you wish. But my name is Mai. You will be the Al'nuun of the Kingdom of Whalhuun. You have the right to call me by my name." 

I was surprised. I thought she'd beat me while Mistress wasn't watching. She seemed rather masculine though, as if she had killed far too many beings to care about being a woman. She was a warrior, after all. 

She stood and I kept my eyes on hers. Her grin said that Mistress had given her permission to fuck me. I guess I didn't have a problem with that. Her cock was rather interesting indeed. 

Her loin cloth fell. Yes, more punishment. She removed her breast plate too. My pussy wettened by her insanely fit body. Goddess, her skin was so rough and hard. I bet a human broad sword couldn't even cut into her, for she was so chiseled. Not that my Mistress wasn't fit. My Mistress was the best. My Mistress was so fucking gorgeous and I loved her with every submissive fiber of my being. 

"Are you ready, slave?" she asked. 

"Yes, Master," I said, toying with her dominant energy. 

She grunted with intensity. I guess I turned her on. I bet she was going to destroy me. 

She brought her soft wrinkly cock-sleeve up to my face and I caressed it with my cheek. She smelt far too wild. It was if she hadn't bathed since ... ever. Still, I honored her scent by exaggerating the sound of me smelling her. She heard me too and smiled with sick lust. 

"You like the way I smell, slave?" 

"Yes, Master," I said, mumbling, as I stuck my nose into her bushy pubes.

I felt her cock began to harden inside her. It didn't really occur to me that she had almost a forearm's worth of cock hidden within her until I saw her abdomen swell. Goddess, she was a beast of a woman and she was going to wreck me until I was paralyzed. 

My soft pale cheek grazed her skin ever so lightly down the length of her sleeve as she brought it before my face. She used her hand to squeeze the base of her cock-sleeve so that the rest of her phallus wouldn't burst out into the open. 

She nodded at me and bit her lip, motioning me to begin servicing her. So, I did. I slid my tongue into the lose opening to her cock-sleeve and began sliding it around attempting to find the head of her cock. 

She groaned and began fucking my face with just her sleeve. It was like a loose wrinkly shaft of hairy meat, but Goddess, it was turning me on. Then she took it away and I sort of cried about it, I guess. 

"Here, clean this," she said. 

She turned around and shoved her butt into my face, forcing me to service her hole. I did, with a sort of reluctance. It was gross and hairy. I did want to throw up, but I didn't and kept servicing her for a while. I cleaned her sack too. Her balls hadn't lowered yet because she was keeping her cock inside her so it was hard cleaning her scrotum. I had to lick all around it, cleaning it of sweat. 

"All clean, Master."

She smiled. "Yes, indeed, slut." 

Then she squatted down to me again and stared at me. "You are rather beautiful, slave. K'Oren is lucky. She'll have the most gorgeous Al'nuun above all of the past ones."

She brought her lips to mine and fucked my mouth with her tongue. Her tusks were sharper than Mistress Koren's, but still, I didn't mind. It was a long kiss too, followed by many short ones. It was actually pretty nice of her. I could, however, sense her envy. I felt that she wanted an Al'kenet of her own to fall in love with. 

And then I thought. I could have that arranged ... Another time perhaps. 

She broke the kiss and stood, pacing around me. 

"She said you liked these. So, she gave me a few." 

Oh Goddess, she was talking about the Harlequin Worms, the little leech ones that loved to suck on the head of my peepee. Oh Goddess, no. 

She used a little rope to tie up my cock and balls. She wrapped it around the base of my little cock and separated my balls individually, constricting them tightly. It hurt pretty bad, but I did sort of like it. My cock went soft from the pain. Then she placed a worn on the tip of it. 

"Oh, Goddess, no," I groaned, as the little worm dangled from my cock, fucking my pee hole. 

"No?" questioned Mai.

"No, I mean, Yes thank you Master," I corrected myself. 

While I was paralyzed from being pee hole violated, she untied me from the fuck-table and flipped me around. I stared up at her, tears welling in my eyes. The Harlequin worms always made me lose my mind. 

She picked me up and cradled me for a moment, then took a seat on the fuck-table with me on her lap. Oh, Goddess, what was she going to do? 

She set me on her lap with my back resting against her breasts. I held up my legs and spread them for her, and stared up at her with my naughty eyes. Reaching over my privates, she placed the opening of her cock-sleeve against the opening to my butt.

"Are you ready?" 

I nodded. 

"I love doing this. It fucks them up every time," she hissed into my ear. 

With all of the suddenness in the realm, her cock shot out of her sleeve and into my butt. 

Holy Mother of St. Evelyn's perfect breasts, fuck! 

I was rendered paralyzed by her. She laughed at me while I spasmed against her chest. She didn't even give me time to prepare myself. I was just abruptly wrecked. She picked me up by my butt cheeks and lowered me the rest of the way down on her cock. Her medial ring passed into my opening and I cringed at the pain. She let my body weight handle the rest. I died. She was so damn filling. I couldn't take her length ... But I did. 

"Oh, Mai," I said, reaching up and caressing her cheek with the palm of my hand. 

"That's it," she encouraged, "That's a good girl." 

I channeled her face onto mine and we kissed. 

In between kisses, she said, "I don't know why K'Oren keeps telling me her slave is such a bad girl. I think she's a good girl. Yes, a good girl."

Then she began lightly slapping my cock and balls with her hand. Pain erupted over the pain from sitting on her cock. 

"You like that?" she asked, slapping my little tied up cock. 

"Yes, Master." 

The worm didn't like being slapped. It seemed to suck harder and harder every time she slapped it. We continued to kiss as she berated my cock with her hand, with her massive cock filling my ass. As we carried on with our perversions, my Mistress stepped back up on the platform and stood in front of us with lust painted eyes. 

She took my jaw into her hand and broke my kiss from Mai, and replaced it with hers. I was sandwiched in between them. Also, it was then that I realized that Orcs didn't understand the concept of what a sandwich was. No wonder why Mistress hated my cooking.

Mai berated my neck with her lips while Mistress Koren and I shared a deep kiss. She guided her cock into my pussy and slowly fucked me. I moaned and moaned until my voice went rasp with glee. 

I didn't think she could cum again but she did. I always made her cum. I had gotten so good at it. She came in me and filled my tummy. Then they stood and cradled me in between them, still filling me with their cocks. 

Mai slowly fucked my ass as Mistress Koren and I continued to kiss. Oh Goddess, this was perfection. 

After a short while of being lightly ass violated, she filled my butt with seed. I thought I was going to burst. I moaned from the pain. But in the corner of my eye, I noticed the old mystic. She was still sitting there watching us. Maybe she was judging me, perhaps. Maybe she was enjoying the show. I didn't know at the time.

They set me down on the ground. I couldn't move my legs. Seed leaked from my holes into a bowl as Mistress Koren reached down and fondled my cock. With a quick yank, she removed the Harlequin worm. I gasped and seed shot from my holes and my cock into the bowl, filling it. 

"Your dinner has been served," said Mistress Koren. 

"Yes, Mistress." I partook of the bowl's contents. 

They both smiled as they watched me consume a bowl full of cum as a meal, licking it clean. 

"Enjoy yourself tonight, Al'nuun. I'll see you in the morning," said Mistress, "I have some work to do with the Old Hag." Then her and the old Mystic stepped away off into the Castle in the Wall. 

I tilted my head at them as they walked away, disappearing into the walls of the temple. 

"This is a reward, you know," said Mai. 

I tilted my head at her too, confused. 

She smiled. "You can't share a bed with her until you've become her Al'nuun. Until then, you'll sleep at the foot of her bed like an animal. However, you can share a bed with me tonight. If you wish."

I smiled as warmth returned to my heart. I thought I had done something to upset my Mistress, that'd she didn't want to see me. 

Mai took my hand and lifted me up with almost zero effort. She led me to the small guest hut on the opposite side of the valley. It wasn't too far away, but I hadn't actually seen the guest house before. It was hidden by a small gathering of mountain pines and was actually a rather cute little house. 

That night, she took me to her bed. We laid together and cuddled. She removed the rope from my cock and flipped me around so that we could service each other's cocks. Oh Goddess, my little peepee hadn't been sucked before. She took every bit if it in, to include my balls, and shoved her nose into my pussy. Her tongue swirled around and around my cock and balls and I lost my mind as I attempted to concentrate on serving her big pink meaty cock. 
