 Chapter Five: Beadrieth

"They called it a Thal'kaleen, an unwavering devotion, a sacrifice. And I didn't know it at the time, but they truly wanted me to succeed."

-An excerpt from the tattered logs, Illiana Worms of Whalhuun. 

Mistress Koren agreed to the plan, thanks to Mai and the Old Hag, and they let me go. 

She gave me a crystal to wear around my neck. It allowed the Old Hag to watch me through the eyes of crows, which made Mistress feel better about it since she wouldn't be there to protect me if I needed help. 

She gave me a riding dress, an old cloak, and leather riding boots to wear on my journey. 

I loosened the lace around the bodice so that I could breathe. It had been quite some time since I had worn clothes. I hated it. It felt repulsing to me now. It felt more natural wearing nothing but a leather collar. I had to be naked. The dress was so cumbersome I wanted to strip and waltz into town in my natural form ... Worm slave Liana. 

But I kept to my plan...

I combed my long whitening hair over to my right, covering the runes and my earrings. It felt odd dressing my hair to the right. I felt wrong. 

My nipple rings rubbed against the corset. Goddess, could I be any more uncomfortable? 

And I didn't miss the sights and smells of my home town, Roengraf. Mankind had ruined all things pleasant. As I sauntered about the tall stone buildings with steam and smoke billowing from their chimneys, I lamented over every aspect of humanity. 

It was as if everything and everyone around me was grey, lacking of color and life. I hated these people. 

Regular people went shopping at the market, bought bread and potatoes from vendors, took their family to church, raked some leaves, swept some dirt, or got a drink at the pub. 

No ... Fuck that. 

Choke me, tie me up, fuck me until I pass out, feed me my own cum, leave me in a pool of my own piss and lube, ruin me, wreck me, chain me, flog me. 

Mistress, take me back, I thought. Doubt flooded into my heart and I wanted to go home, to the warm dominating green arms of my Mistress. 

The streets hustled and bustled like a choking artery. I made my way through town with my hood over my head, unnoticed like a squirrel in the trees, to a little bar called, "The Blade and Turtle."

Beadrieth was a standard patron of the establishment. My ex-fiancé, Governor Rikard Hollenbrooke, was a standard patron of the establishment more so than her. He took me there after his boring council meetings. 

Ah, yes. I smiled with such glee. I wanted to tell my Mistress how well the plan was working, for there was Bead all by her lonesome. Well, she wasn't alone. She had her little crowd of cronies to tell her how pretty she was and what dress to buy and whatnot. 

I hated all of them. 

She had just stepped out of her carriage when I walked up to her and her friends. Their laughter stopped the moment they noticed me. 

I smiled and removed my hood, allowing them to see my hair. 

Bead smiled and tilted her head, fraught with confusion. "Is that you Liana?" 

I shrugged, no it wasn't me twat, it was someone else. 

"Hello, Bead," I said. 

She threw her arms out and embraced me with all of her positive energy and a great smile, as if she had to try to pretend she didn't have me abducted so that she could replace me and be super rich. 

She broke the hug and held my shoulders. "St. Evelyn's grace, it's been so long what have you been up too? By the Goddess, it's been like almost half a cycle. How have you been!" 

I smiled. My hate smiled. "Well, I'm a baker over in Sherriville. Well," I blushed, "More like, I'm an apprentice baker. My mis— master wouldn't call me a baker yet. But I'm doing fine I s'pose." 

At the corner of my attention span, I saw her friends roll their eyes at me. Politicians wives, all of them. Cunts, too, with their fancy afternoon dresses and little umbrellas. 

"A baker? Heren said something about that, but I didn't think you—" 

"It's fine, Bead." 

"And your hair? What has happened?" 

I kept my smile. My hate kept its smile. I replied with a smile. "It sort of just started happening. I guess it runs in my family line. I don't know." 

She blinked a few times, I guess, or maybe she shuttered at my hair. I didn't know. She was just bewildered that I was standing before her. 

"Shall we talk," I said. 

Bead took a moment to embrace my existence, but yes, we walked around the pub while her little party went inside. 

"Oh Liana, I'm glad to see you," she lied. 

I sort of laughed beneath my breath. 

"Please, button this back up. It's not really ladylike of you to dress like a whore," she said, tightening my bodice back up to my neck, after glaring at the blood crystal pendant for a moment.

Coming from a little sissy pretty boy with the breasts of a child, her comment made me ball my fists at her to prevent my palm from unwillingly slapping her face to oblivion. Oh yes, it wasn't ladylike to show my cleavage to the world. If only she knew what sort of life she was going to have—

"Why thank you," I replied, "I forget sometimes, I just journeyed in today from sherriville. It was quite the walk."

"You walked!" She gasped. 

I nodded. "I guess that would sound foreign to you."

"Well, yeah." She laughed. With her lovely little sissy voice, she laughed. 

"So how is life for you?" I asked. 

She put her hands on her hips with a smile. "Well ... We are to marry within this quarter of the cycle, in the lovely winds of the spring like how I always wanted. I am to escort him to his council and someday I'll have a seat. Isn't that grand?" 

My heart retained its hateful bolster.

"Oh?" I questioned. 

"Yes, indeed. Tomorrow he's taking me to the great Terrlan Orchards to find the proper wine for our event. It'll be the most exquisite wedding. You should come." 

My chest burned with anger, causing my nipple rings to press harder into the corset and angering me further. How dare she invite me to a wedding that was meant for me ... How fucking dare she ... And how could she be like that? Was she genuinely not shaken about rattling the chains of my past? What the fuck?

If I had been my lesser self, I would have cried. But... 

She continued with her shit, "You should join us for dinner tonight at the Estate. Where are you staying? You should stay with us." 

I blushed. "Oh, no. I didn't bring any other clothes wi—"

"Oh please," she cut, "You know we both fit the same." 

I shook my head. "I really don't think Mother would appreciate a low-born joining the family at her table. I only traveled here to ensure the delivery of a shipment of grain. I'm staying at a tavern down in Mid-town. Wait ... Actually ... Can you do me a favor?"

This was when I got her. With my low-born, lowly smile, I caught her. 

She smiled and said, "Of course, Liana. We're like, still sisters."

I took a moment to let silence wear down her patience, her intrigue. Over my shoulder, I noticed a crow. I could feel the slight magical pull from the crystal pendant on my neck. I smiled and returned my gaze to her. With a deep nervous breath, I gathered my most adorable, helpless, eyes for her. 

"Can you drop me off at the crossroads to Sherriville tomorrow? I won't bother you and your beloved. I can just sit with the coachman and I won't—"

"Of course!" she said. 

And that was it ... She was a slave after she said those words. 

I smiled and blushed, hugged her, and said, "Thank you so much, where can I meet you?"

"Right here. He'll have a drink before we make our journey to the orchards. So, we'll be here around noon."

"I'll see you then, Bead. I must tend to my shipment." 

"Till then, darling." 

Then I walked off out into the town with my heart nearly bursting with vengeance. I traveled amongst my own kind, and never felt so alone... 

"For the White Dove asked for nothing. And so, the Red Dove bickered and bashed. And when the White Dove picked her folly. The Red Dove followed her ... To her fucking death."

-That night-

I traveled into the woods, to the little cottage in the pines, to my Mistress. They had a small fire going when I walked up. Her and Mai were warming up a meal of dove and fish. I had already loosened all of the straps on my dress by the time I made it up the little stone stairs that led up to the camp. 

I stepped up to the fire. The Old Hag wasn't in sight, probably in the cottage. For a moment, my Mistress and Mai stared at me. I let my cloak fall off my shoulders. My dress followed it to the ground. I then combed my hair back over to the left to show the slave-runes.

The heat from the fire painted my pale naked body in heat as Mistress Koren stepped up to me. 

My heart beat with life once more at the glance of her eyes. I smiled as her dominance drowned me to submission. 

"You did wonderful," she said, then pulled me into her lovely warm breasts. 

I cried a little, releasing the day's hardship away into her perfect green tits.

"Thank you, Mistress," I mumbled, rubbing my cheeks on her soft cleavage. 

She embraced me so, with warmth and love. Life flooded back into my body like red-howl butterflies to a field of purple primrose. 

Goddess, it's been a day and I felt as if I had gone weeks without her. 

"Turn for me," she said. 

I turned and leaned against her with her breasts resting on my shoulders. Then she hovered her head over my ears and...

"I didn't bring your dinner with me, my love, I'm sorry. You seem a bit empty. Would you like to be filled?" 

I looked up at her with lust beading at the corners of my eyes, and nodded like a naughty little slave. 

"Oh? Would you like to sit on this then?" She asked, pressing her hardening cock in between my butt cheeks. 

I bit my lip at her and nodded again. 

She took my hand a guided me to her seat by the fire, letting her loin cloth fall on the way there. 

She sat and spread her legs with a smile, letting her hardened cock rise to position. Before mounting her, I leaned over her and pecked her cheek with my soft pink lips, and down below, I pecked the little bead of precum off the head of her cock. 

I then took the head of her cock into my mouth and slid my tongue under her hood. She gasped with her lovely voice. After cleaning around her head and swallowing, I penetrated her urethra with the tip of my tongue. 

She bit her lip and closed her eyes, savoring my service to her. I continued to lightly fuck her pee hole with the tip of my tongue for a moment longer, then stood, letting a string of saliva stretch and break between us. 

It had only been a day, my butt was always clean and lubricated by the worm she fed me with, so I turned and sat down. She entered me, I moaned, and let my body weight take me the rest of the way down her length. 

While I settled my butt onto my Mistress' girth of veins and length, Mai stepped in front of us with her cock out and ready. 

Mistress Koren gripped my wrists and held them down at my side, as I took in Mai's pink meaty cock into my mouth. 

She liked it when I violated her pee hole with my tongue. She actually taught me that trick. I was glad my Mistress enjoyed it. Mai helped me give her happiness. 

Mai groaned and gripped the sides of my head, slowly mating with my face with her massive fleshy cock. After a while of servicing her with my mouth. Mistress Koren lifted my legs up to my shoulders, spreading me wide. 

Mai entered my pussy and I gasped. The two of them were so filling my tummy ached. She fucked me lightly as her pelvis slapped into my thighs and butt, probably waking the fairies and birds of the forest. 

"Ah ... ah ... ah ... ah ... Mmm," I moaned, then Mistress Koren covered my mouth with her hand.

"You mustn't make so much noise, Al'nuun. You'll disturb the forest," she said, whispering into my ear, then biting it lightly. 

Oh Goddess, I died. I loved it when she nibbled on my ear with her little tusks bearing into my skin. I was her little animal pet fuck toy. Goddess, yes. I could hear her faint groaning deep into my soul. 

I had yet to figure it out, but they both came into me at the same time. Such a task, I thought, such timing. My holes filled to the point that I looked pregnant. Mistress Koren took my hand and guided over my pussy and ass. 

"Don't let it spill, slut," she said, as they removed themselves from me. 

I sat next to her covering my holes as they ate their dinner. The smell of cooked flesh roused an ache in my tummy. I hated the smell of cooked food now. So, I switched hands covering my privates and smelt the cum and sex that remained in between my fingers.

They took a while, and my tummy was so swollen with seed. After they picked all the bones clean of meat, Mistress Koren set a bowl in between my legs and grabbed my cock. 

"You first, my love," she said. 

I had no patience. I came within an instant of her toying with my pee pee, emptying my seed into the bowl. I relaxed and the rest followed, filling the bowl completely. 

My mouth watered at it. I couldn't find a reason as to why I enjoyed it so much. I just loved it, Goddess, I just fucking loved being treated like a thing. 

"Thank you, Mistress," I said, finishing my meal. 

She nodded. "Mai will keep you warm tonight. I must arrange my end of your little plan." 

Mai smiled at me. She was actually pretty fun to be with. She was like a friend to me. I never imagined Orcs acting such as they did. I thought they were always mean and heartless, born of trees and mud. Yet here I was, my heart full of love and companionship. I couldn't ask for more. I had everything ... Except vengeance. 

We cuddled on an assortment of furs, by the fire. I buried my face in her chest as she cradled my little pale body with our cocks pressing against each other. 

I had to rest. My plan had to succeed. And if what the Old Hag told me was true, my Mistress would be the happiest woman in the Mortal Realm. 

-Morning-

I re-clothed myself, except today, I wore nothing but the old brown cloak, which I buttoned all the way up to my neck to hide the fact that I wasn't wearing clothes underneath. I slipped on my tall leather riding boots and wandered off. I left my hair parted to the left so that the runes could be seen but hidden by the cloak's hood. 

Venturing into town, the people took to their morning rituals. Hay-men in stacked their wares as the shops began to open. An old White Mage, or maybe she was a Farmer's Mage, casted her spells over her flower pots as the pubs began to open their doors to patrons. 

The Azuris star rose over the city as steam rose from pipes and fittings. I never liked the appearance of steam-work. It was the becoming the new thing nowadays, and it replaced magic. Too many pipes there were, unsatisfying to the eye. 

A crow landed on my shoulder, startling me. It was the Old Hag. I felt her magic pull on my necklace and I nodded to the crow. They were ready. 

Just ahead, the Blade and Turtle. I noticed a large carriage next to the entrance. It was them. My heart giddied with a bit of anxiety. I looked at my palms. They began to sweat. 

Oh Goddess, no. I had used the appropriate chalk, Dead Man's Ink, to write the proper runes on my palms such as the Little Black Book prescribed. 

I couldn't smear the runes, so I walked with my palms open and facing down as I tiptoed around muddy horse tracks and puddles. 

"Liana, my darling!" Called Beadrieth, from the window of the carriage. 

I smiled. "A bit early isn't it? I wasn't sure if I was late or not."

She shook her head kindly at me. "No, no. We're a bit early I s'pose. He wanted to make for an early day out to the orchards. Get on!"

"Okay, thanks," I said, holding the edges of my hood still as I propped myself onto the outer back corner of the carriage, next to their traveling supplies. 

He didn't even acknowledge me. That old fuck. I bet he was just sitting in there hidden from the world, pretending I wasn't a person, pretending Bead was an actual woman. I blushed. What a fool, he was, fully willing to marry a little pretty boy at a young age of eighteen cycles and within the family too. Oh, Goddess, just stack all of the weirdness together at once. 

But then again, I was far more perverse than he. I loved my Mistress with all my heart and she wasn't even the same species as I. And she was a woman too, Goddess forbid I wed to someone with amazing breasts. I blushed. A wedding between us ... I wondered what that would entail.

I shook my head of my thoughts as the carriage made its way out of town. 

Four knights strode up behind us, joining our caravan. My heart nearly burst. 

"Is this commoner with you mi'lady?" one asked, "Or is she a stowaway?" 

Bead stuck her head out from the window of the carriage and nodded to him, nothing more than a nod. Lowliness plagued my soul. I was beneath them. They could have that, I suppose. 

They were the city's royal knights. I bet they were his escorts to and fro his ventures. I shrugged. I had it taken care of, I thought. 

Yet, a bit of hesitation struck me. What if Mistress and Mai couldn't take them? Goddess, we'll be fine. I purged my breath of worry with a long sigh. 

We traveled west towards the crossroads to Sherriville. The forest grew dense with green leaves and white bark. The trees up north were always at their most gorgeous. I never like the way pines looked, always keeping their green, never red nor yellow in the fall. 

We rode in silence. I was never spoken to or acknowledged since we left town. I didn't mind the silence. I loved the rhythm of horses trotting to the chirping of birds and the rustling of the wind over the trees. 

"Halt!" 

The lead knight froze the caravan with a sudden order. My heart jumped. By the Goddess, it was time. 

I peered around the carriage and look ahead down the trail. My eyes widened. A burning cart and a dead horse blocked the road. 

"By the Goddess," I said, "What is this?" 

Bead stuck her head out from the carriage with her eyes wide with fear. I slid off the edge of the carriage and stepped forward towards the burning cart. 

"Easy, commoner, there'll likely be bandits about. Stay within our protective barrier." 

They were Spellswords, Goddess damn it. Oh well, I thought, I guess we'll see if I'm worthy or not. 

I kept walking towards the cart with my back towards them, ignoring their warnings. 

"Madam Commoner, please step back." 

Oh Mistress, would I ever be a good girl? 

I stopped in between the burning cart, and the caravan. 

"Liana, this is dangerous. We must away!" screamed Beadrieth, her girlish anxiety nearly pissing from her nether regions. 

I turned and faced them, letting my hood fall over my shoulders. Bead tilted her head at me, glaring at my runes and earrings. 

"What is going on with you?" she asked, bemused. 

I smiled and let my cloak fall to the ground, revealing my nudity to them. I felt the burn of their demeaning glares in my chest. No matter, this was my most natural form. 

Bead's eyes scanned down from the black slave-runes on the side of my head, my three earrings, to my breasts and nipple rings, to my pierced bellybutton, and finally stopped and flared her eyes at my little pale cock. I smiled at her disbelief.

"What? Liana? What?" 

With a grin, I placed my left palm over my heart, and extended my right arm out with my palm facing the caravan, showing them the rune as the Book dictated. For a moment, my heart about ruptured with anxiety. My Mistress was watching me from the shadows of the forest. The two others too, Mai and the Old Hag. I felt their presence nearby. I had to get this right. 

With a deep breath and my eyes beaming right at the caravan...

"Bartaine, Horin, Sir'Fullar, and Rei. Thither er thou. Fainting ever for'ard into darkness, fall forth and raid."
