 Chapter Six: Dread Wedding

"Have you heard of her? The maiden with the half shaven head of white hair and runes, eyes colder than hate, and her bow ... Starbringer. With just her voice, she enslaved many. With her bow? She killed an Eternal."

-Asked Ten Guns, to his crew, the Twelve Dead Men. 

The morning was not as it usually was. I woke on the floor, alone. The space behind me, still warm. She had slept on the floor with me again. I blushed and brought a finger to my lips, smelling the lingering sex that remained. 

Where had she gone? I asked myself. Hunting perhaps? 

I frowned. She said she'd bring me with her. My aim had improved, dearly so. And she rewarded me with gifts, for being a good girl. 

I wore thin black leather sleeves over my arms that cuffed tightly to my wrists and up to my shoulders, ending with cute folded cuffs. She had an Odrean leatherworker craft me a pair of riding boots as well. The boots fit perfectly flush against my skin and ran all the way up to the top of my thighs, lacing in the back, with folded cuffing at the top. 

By the Goddess, I was so sexy for her with my leather boots, sleeves, white hair, and piercings. She said I was becoming her little Bow-maiden. I blushed deeper at the thought of it. 

I wore the archer's sleeves and the boots every day, my collar too, with all three articles matching in color and stitch. 

I was still naked to the realm. I wore nothing to hide my breasts and lower regions from the world and I was content with it. I wanted them to see what my Mistress had to torment ... Envy to them all. 

"Liana!?" 

My Mistress called for me from the kitchen down the hall. I rose, slid my sleeves and boots on, and skipped down the short stone corridor to the galley. 

Peeping around the corner into the kitchen, I noticed two people sitting on the opposite side of the table where my Mistress was sitting. 

Oh, visitors? They turned their attention at me. 

I paced over to her and she lifted her hands from her lap, eyeing me with a smile. She nodded down towards her thighs and I smiled. She wore a soft violet silk robe over her lovely dark green body. I bit my lip at her, lustfully. Goddess, she was fucking gorgeous.

I turned and placed my soft pale butt on her warm lap, and wrapped my arms around her neck, finishing with a gentle kiss to her cheek. As I leaned against her, I could feel that she was naked underneath her gown. 

My attention turned over to the visitors sitting in front of us. The woman to the right was the Old Hag, her face hidden by a purple veil as it usually was, mysterious as always. To the left was an old, rather cheerful looking, Oro'keen woman. Her skin, light grey. Her eyes, bold warm crimson. Her long grey hair held neatly in a regal bun with gold spikes. Her lips, dark red with her little tusks protruding at the corners. She was stunning for her age.

The Oro'keen woman wore a bright crimson dress laced with glittering blood-crystals, and yellow rogue-stones. Her cleavage held tightly, perfectly, by a black velvet outer-corset. 

Her smile aided the laugh lines in her eyes, telling the story of love and pleasure. Her aura sent me to a realm of happiness and fluttered in my chest like butterflies and wheat to the wind. I addressed her and the Hag...

"Good morning to you, Masters," I said. 

They glanced at each other and giggled, then glared back at me. Mistress Koren smiled and placed a hand on my waist, and the other on my thigh. 

"Liana, this is the Queen of the Seventy-seven Tribes. This is my mother, Lady Lynn'Kai Worms." 

My eyes opened wide with embarrassment and I blushed. 

"I bid you an apology, mi'lady. I—" 

"It's fine, love," cut Mistress Koren, "We don't engage in human traditions. This is my mother. You may call her Master if you wish, in public." 

"Or you could be adorable and call me, My Queen," she boasted, with a smile. 

I smiled with the warmth of nervousness fluttering in my chest. 

"Okay, My Queen it is then," I said, twirling my hair in my fingers. 

The Queen then set her hand on the table, taking the Old Hag's with it, joining the two with interlocking fingers. 

"And this is my Al'nuun. Lady Everaen of Illiana, the City of Rebels. The city you were named after, I've been told." 

I blushed. I continued to blush. My face hadn't been so red with anxiousness in such a long time. It all made sense just then. The Old Hag was one of Mistress Koren's parents. The Old Hag watched me so closely since the Path of Worms. She gave me the Little Black Book. She told me about the summoning spell. Oh, Goddess how embarrassing it was that I didn't figure that out.

I stared down at my lap shyly. All three of them were looking at me. Oh Goddess, the attention. It was worse than being paraded nude in public with my Mistress leading me by a leash out in town. 

The Old Hag, Lady Everaen, unveiled her face and let her hood slide down to her shoulders. Oh, Goddess she was attractive too. I hadn't realized how purple her eyes were until just then. Her eyes matched her purple cloak. I nearly drooled from glancing at her dark purple lips. She too had elegant laugh lines that accentuated her beauty. 

Oh, me ... Ever perverse. 

Lady Eve smiled at me. I smiled back in an awkward sort of way. 

"I must apologize," I said, "I've been referring to you as The Old Hag, in my head. Please forgive me." I meant it as a joke, but I was rather serious indeed.

The Queen laughed. "Oh, she is indeed, Little Bird. She is quite the hag!"

Lady Eve shoved her shoulder into the Queen's with a smirk. "Oh please, dearest. We're both hags nowadays. You're just short of using a cane to walk." 

"Bah!" laughed the Queen, "Only to bash the heads of Odrean Lords, of course." 

I smiled with them. They were so adorable together, such light they had. I turned my head and shared my happiness with Mistress Koren. The four of us together laughed like people, a real gathering of hope and joy. I had always wished for such a moment. 

"Shall I bring it up?" asked Lady Eve to the Queen. 

"Oh yes indeed, Evey. Please do," she replied. 

The two kept their hands interlocked and stared at me. I felt judged again, but I didn't mind, I was rather confused. 

Lady Eve began. "There isn't a more challenging test than the Path of Worms, dear. Did you know that?" 

I shook my head. 

She continued, "How many have lost their minds to it?" she asked her daughter. 

Mistress thought for a moment, then, "Too many to remember. They were rendered useless, so I sold them for some coin." 

My heart sank. 

Lady Eve smiled lightheartedly at me. "Oh, don't fret, dear. You're fine. So, I ask you, how many last names have you had this past cycle?" 

"Um," I thought, then, "Three?" 

"Three?" asked the Queen.

I cleared my chest of anxiety with a little cough, and, "My last name was Hollenbrooke, then I was disowned and it was Baker, then Worms." 

Lady Eve smiled once more, but with some kind of mysterious grin instead. "You never met your parents." 

I nodded. "No, I haven't. I was taken as a hostage by the family that won control of the city of Roengreen so that the losing family couldn't take any kind of revenge—"

"That's what they told you." Lady Eve covered her mouth as she laughed. "Those crystals I had you wear had nothing to do with the crows. Every time you felt it pull on your soul, I was testing your integrity. I had my suspicions at first. But when you casted that spell, I knew." 

My eyebrows rose with confusion and unease. Lady Eve continued, "You are the last of the offspring descending from the daemon Bartaine Wolves, the first daemon of the Mortal Realm. In his human form he fucked a whore. She had you. Your stepmother sensed the unique radiance from your soul and bought you with the intent to use you in some way." 

Lady Eve glared her eyebrows at me with a grin. "Because, you inherited an ability very few have ever even witnessed. It's called Immediate Summon. It was Bartaine's signature ability, such as K'Oren's Worm Call. You can summon the ethereal form of any dark spirit without consequence."

I glared at her with my mouth open in disbelief. She continued, "The consequences usually involve being dragged into the Eternal Realm and sacrificed over and over. Those who use it and succeed cast it only once before being taken. Those who cast it and fail get torn to shreds by dark flames. Quite the revelation, yes? So, now you're here with us." 

She squeezed on the Queens hand. The Queen grinned at her lover, then at me. 

"Those dwelling up north, my kingdom, call me the Queen of Worms. Our name isn't Worms though," said the Queen, "It's B'gal. And they refrain from saying it out loud for fear of being drowned in roots and soil, an annoying superstition. Do you know why?" 

I gulped. Too many things being said, I was overwhelmed. 

"The Queen of Litteuvania attempted to have all bloodlines descending from daemons purged from existence?" I said. 

She laughed. "No, well yes, but no."

I glared up at the stone ceiling in thought. Then, "You are a descendant of Horin B'gal? He was the daemon who made the forests of Whalhuun by planting the soil with his worms?" I said. 

The Queen nodded with a smile. "I have seventy-seven tribes to manage. Twenty-three of them hate themselves and the others. Thirty-two of them, from either preference, are agricultural tribes. Six of them work in metal. Four of them work in darkness." 

Her trimmed grey eyebrows rose up, "Seven of them are forever banned from dealing with the farming tribes. Two of them like to eat elven children as a marriage ritual. Five of them are basically worthless and make up random religions all over the damn place. And the rest are warrior tribes." 

She lifted her free hand and pointed at me, "But every one of them requires Essence of Hur'caf." 

By the Goddess, what a woman she was. I gathered she knew every detail of her kingdom. 

She continued, "They require it because our kind can't use magic, and the ones that can, do it terribly. So, we the B'gal tribe, the four of us now, but mainly my daughter and you, source this power. The point is this, human ... Daemon spirit runs in my blood line, and yours. My daughter raises the worms because she is the only one who can. Your body, your daemonic spirit, grants the worms enhanced potency. Thus, you are the perfect match for her. Your daughter will be born an Oro'keen and she'll inherit both Worm Call and Immediate Summon. She'll likely have light grey purple skin. What do you think, love?" 

She nodded at Lady Eve for her opinion. She shrugged and replied, "I was thinking a lighter green. Though K'Orin is so dark, she'll likely be the same as well." 

I blushed at the thought of being a mother. I didn't want to be one just yet though. I was having too much fun with my Mistress. I stared into her deep green eyes and shared a smile with her as her parents bickered about what eye color our daughter would have. I took her hand in mine and brought it to my cheek and she cupped it. We then shared a kiss, so gentle and light, as the Queen swore that the child would get my white hair. 

They paused their squabbling and stared at us while we kissed, and they held their hands tighter and tighter still. We stopped and realized we were being watched. An awkward silence echoed through the kitchen. 

"So," shot the Queen, slapping her hands together, "We have a gift for the young Al'nuun." 

Oh, Goddess... 

Her gift was a leather fuck-harness. I blushed. Mistress Koren blushed. She barely showed it, but I could tell she was blushing. 

Lady Eve, with a lustful grin, strapped me up in it. It had a collar of its own, it wrapped underneath my current one. A leather strap, attached to the back of the collar, ran down my spine and ended at the middle of my back. She took my forearms and joined them so that my arms were bound to the end of the spinal strap. A length of leather then wrapped around the outside of my upper arms, shoulders, and above my breasts. The lower strap wrapped around the outside of my arms and underneath my breasts. She took another smaller strap and conjoined the upper and lower strap in between my breasts, squishing them lightly. 

I was bound. I couldn't move my arms, and my breasts were displayed lewdly for my Mistress. She glared at my bound body of lascivious leather straps. This was how I imagined myself with her. I always wanted to be covered in leather straps with cute boots and sleeves. Oh Goddess, I was a bound fuck toy for her. 

"Mmmm how delicious you are," said the Queen, "She'll be a lovely guest for us, don't you think?" 

Lady Eve smiled. "Indeed, my love." 

I blushed again. Oh, Goddess, what did they have in store for me? I glared at my Mistress. She seemed a little reluctant about it. I hoped she'd save me from her parents...

"You'll be fine, Liana," she said, "I'll be down in the field with Mai. She needs help with her new pet anyway." 

"Um, yes Mistress," I said. Of course, she'd be okay. I sighed in my head. I was indeed her slave. 

The Queen grinned. Lady Eve grinned. Mistress Koren stepped up to me, grabbed my little cock, and kissed me one last time for the day. 

"Have fun," she said to me, "It'll be fine. They might teach you something." 

-Beadrieth, the Meadow-

K'Oren walked down to the field where her friend Mai and her slave, Beadrieth, were having some fun with wax and flogging. Mai tied bead with her hands high over her head and to the point that the poor girl had to stand on her tippy toes. She bound her legs apart by tying her ankles to a wooden pole so that she couldn't bring her legs together. On her tippy toes, she stood on two small blocks of wood so that if she lost balance, she'd hang from her wrists. 

"Quite the lewd position you've got her in," said K'oren, stepping up onto the punishment platform. 

"Quite indeed, K'Oren," replied Mai, "What brings you over here?" 

K'Oren shrugged and sighed. "My parents want to have some fun with her today." 

Mai laughed. "Oh really? I didn't figure the two hags to still be in the mood for such activities." 

"Me neither," said K'Oren, shrugging, "Honestly when I'm her age I wouldn't want to fuck my daughter's Al'nuun." 

"You say that now," laughed Mai, "Join me." 

Bead whimpered at the fact she now had to deal with two masters. Her butt had been flogged raw as it was. Her skin glistened red from being tormented with wax and then whacked off by a nine-tails and the worms still dangled humiliatingly off her nipples and cock. 

"Okay, Red Dove, what part next? Stick one out for me," ordered Mai.

Bead cried and closed her eyes, thinking about which part of her body hurt the least. 

K'Oren stepped next to the slave and ran her fingernails down her sensitive skin. "You think her breasts are big enough? They're almost bigger than yours." 

Mai burst into laughter. "Yes, and I love it! They'll be the biggest softest tits in the realm!" 

K'Oren shook her head. "You've left them on too long. Her cheeks and lips are becoming more pronounced from the Essence you've subjected her to. Her voice'll likely heighten in pitch as well." 

"All the more attractive to me," said Mai, picking up the candle. "You like your gifts, Red Dove?" 

"Yes, Master," replied Bead, staring down at her large jiggly breasts. She then arched her back and stuck them out for her master to punish. 

"That's my girl," said Mai. 

The bright red wax splattered over Bead's tits and she moaned loudly. 

"More?" asked Mai. 

"Oh Goddess," screamed Bead. 

"What does a slave say?" asked K'Oren. 

"A slave always asks for more punishment," replied Bead. 

Mai coated Bead's breasts with another dose of pain, following with the nine-tails. 

Whack ... Whack ... Whack ... Whack. 

"Oh, Goddess fuck!" she screamed. Her chest burned red with pain and she groaned from its lovely sting. 

"Shall we change positions?" asked K'Oren. 

Mai replied with a smile. She lowered the rope to Beads wrists so that she could be bent over. "Don't fall off the blocks, Dove, or we'll have to start over at the table again." 

K'Oren stood behind bead and held her by her waist with one hand, pressing down on her back with the other. Bead bent over and held herself up with her arms back over her shoulder blades. Her legs shook uncontrollably from being held spread wide by the wooden pole, as she focused on keeping her balance on the wooden blocks she was standing on. Her breasts hung down and bounced against each other. Mai reached down under her jaw and picked her head up by her throat. Her cock, out in the open, hung in front of Beads face and she took in her master's lewd scent. 

"Have you gone into her butt yet?" asked K'Oren, untying her robe and readying her cock.

Mai shook her head. "Only fingers so far. She's fragile." 

K'Oren laughed. "Fine, we'll see." 

Then she reached over to the table and gathered a wad of slime on two of her fingers and wiped it over Bead's hole. The cool jelly soothed her poor little but for the moment, as K'Oren massaged the lube around and around her entrance. 

Two fingers at once, K'Oren entered Bead's butt with a slow painful progress, causing Bead to moan like an animal. 

"Moan into this, slave," said Mai, filling Bead's mouth with the broad head of her horse cock. 

"Mmmmmmmnnn," groaned the slave, eyes rolling back into her head. 

After a moment, K'Oren began pulling and pushing into her with the palm of her hand slapping the slaves red sore butt cheeks. 

"Mmm ... Mmm ... Mmm ... Mmm ... Mmm!" she groaned, as the force of being anally violated made her lean forward into Mai's cock, shoving it deeper and deeper into her throat turning her moans in to sad gurgles.

Without warning. K'Oren's green veiny cock entered Beads butt and slid in entirely, with her hips slapping the slave's cheeks with a satisfying whack. 

The sound Bead made, screaming into Mai's cock, couldn't be explained for it was so foreign to the ears of her Orc masters. K'Oren kept her smile as Mai stared wide eyed down at her slave, worried she might have entered a phase of daemonic possession. 

"What animal makes that sound?" asked Mai, out of amazement. 

Bead cried so deeply and moaned so greatly, and her legs shook so uncontrollably that she could barely stand on the two little wooden blocks. Above all of the pain and horror, she had to pour all of her focus into stopping herself from biting off her master's cock. K'Oren held her up by holding her hips, and laughed quietly. Bead couldn't control herself any longer. She hadn't had a cock that big in her ass before and she felt like she was dying from it. 

Her legs shook so violently, she knocked the wooden blocks out from under her and her legs dangled just above the ground as she hung from K'Orens cock in her butt, and her master's cock in her mouth. 

Her eyes, forever locked to the back of her head from her being so massively dominated. She lasted only a moment longer before passing out and hanging limply from the two cocks penetrating her. 

"Poor Dove," said Mai, stroking Bead's red hair from her cheek with her big horse cock still inhabiting her mouth, "I guess it's back to the table then."

-Illiana, the Castle in the Wall-

Lady Eve led me down the dark stone passages of the Castle in the Wall. She giggled with a seductive grin as she tugged on my leash. My focus aimed elsewhere, I hadn't wondered this far into the castle before. Low Carth'lume crystals lined the walls, emitting a faint warm white light for us to walk. 

My heart beat heavily with anticipation. My chest pounded against my soul so hard I couldn't hear my own footsteps. Oh, Goddess I was so nervous, fraught with anxiety. To aid the hopelessness, I couldn't move my arms in the leather fuck-harness. It was too tight to my skin for me to find comfort in any amount of the current situation. 
