 Chapter Seven: A Marriage, A Sacrifice, A Vengeance Sought Still...

-A few Days' Time-

"Casting Silence over the battlefield hinders magick users from verbally initiating spells. This grants a special advantage for you over magick-heavy parties for it prohibits White Mages from utilizing the entirety of their spellbooks. All Colored Magick is verbally cast. Even some of the most casualty producing Alchemical processes require verbal initiation in conjunction with rune initiation. However, your party must be efficient in physical combat. The spell, Silence, could hamper your party's White Mage and other magick users you have allied with." 

-Chapter XVI of the Little Black Book.

It was a good thing I could use Immediate Summon without words, I thought, as I thumbed through the Little Black Book on the balcony of the Castle in the Wall. I wore my thick fluffy wolf cloak over my shoulders and I had a big tankard of hot tea next to me. Yes, my Mistress allowed me to drink tea as I did my daily reading. 

Over the days that passed, tribes arrived for my marriage to Mistress Koren. From the balcony overlooking the valley, I glared out at the lovely vista. Tents littered our sacred home. Each tribe sent a Lord, or an Elder, along with a few of their strongest warriors and mages for protection, and a few slaves for work. They all meandered about the field and forest conversing, babbling, doing Orc things. 

Slaves, including Beadrieth, sought to the kitchen, tent-work, and tended to the wooded areas that needed beautifying. Warriors came and went from the northern entrance to hunt the biggest game. Some trained down below, fighting each other till blood was drawn. Lady Everaen tended to her cart of wares, teaching and selling spells and potions to the tribe mages. 

Although this was the first time that I felt royal in some manner, I was bored with it. I was exempt from traditional slave work. My duties consisted of studying, mage-craft, archery, and most importantly, my Mistress. I wondered if this was how all Al'nuun were treated. Lady Eve didn't even come off as a slave. I didn't get it. 

I tended to my book, with a sigh. 

"The Alchemical process for basic rune initiation requires a Primary Circle (PC) written with plain white chalk. (The use of any kind of enchanted or cursed chalk in any color, other than white, is highly discouraged when writing basic runes.) The PC encompasses the act of the transmutation (T). Within the PC, a purpose is required in the form of the act's Alchemical Symbol (AS)... An example ... if T = Lift For'ard Flight, then PC/Thrust(AS) > SC/Air(AS) > TC/Winged flight(AS) > QTC/Constant(AS) + (Time constringent: twenty count(AS))... " 

-Chapter XVII of the Little Black Book

I rolled my eyes at it. I wasn't really into the alchemy thing. I tried. I failed drawing runes. Like, Mistress Koren covered her mouth and laughed at me, I was so bad. She said I was adorable, but I didn't believe her. A perfect circle? I thought, so I really have to make a perfect circle? Too many shapes to remember. Magick and Arithmetic combined was such a bore. I hated it ... equations, primary circles with primary purposes, secondary circles with supporting purposes, tertiary passive blah blah blah, quaternary whatever ... done. 

I flipped a few pages ahead. 

"Casting Shatter Key on a door or any type of hatch that opens into another room can prove highly useful when avoiding trouble..." 

Now that was what I wanted to read...

But honestly, I just wanted to play with Starbringer. Yesterday, Lady Eve taught me how to channel Immediate Summon into the bow. Though, I failed miserably at it, I wanted to try again. I figured if I had to use focus runes, I might as well have them branded to my palms with whatever Mistress marked the side of my head with. She said she'd think about it, but she usually just waited a day or two and then gave me what I wanted. 

I always got what I wanted. Mistress Koren loved me like that of an actual lover, not an Al'nuun. She surprised me the other day with a cup of tea and a pleasant walk through the garden, hand in hand with fingers interlocked. She let me wear my floofy wolf pelt cloak whenever I wanted. Because it came from the Eternal Realm, it was impervious to some mortal magics. It was my shield, I suppose, and the north was quite chilly on my pale soft skin. 

I wanted her to pour the tea into my ass and make me walk like a dog behind her through the garden, and if I released any from my butt, she'd spank me till I fainted. I blushed, I was such a pervert. Perhaps I'd tell Mai, and she'd make Bead do it. Yes, I'd watch that. 

I made myself wet thinking about her like that, but she forbade my cock from getting hard. It was a lifeless little limp thing. I did have to pee though, and I had no idea where she was today. She might have left with Mai, north, for a hunt, but I wasn't sure. 

"Al'Kenet!" I said over my shoulder, "Yah ten-hem!"

A moment later a little head peaked around the corner. I just barely noticed her as I thumbed through my book. Her name was Nothing. Her master took her birth name, leaving her with a void. But, honestly, she didn't care. She used to be an Elven High-folk, till her royal parents or whatever sold her for laying with her own kind, another woman. 

"Al'nuun?" She whispered. 

"Where'd Mai of the Klen Forest tribe go?" 

I didn't see her shrug her shoulders at me, but I felt her cluelessness from around the corner. I turned my head at her and she stared at the floor. She was so damn frail, I felt a little bad for her. Her life as a Kenet wasn't all that miserable though. Her master was the high lord of a farming tribe, a female lord. She essentially got what she wanted in terms of sexual activities and she wasn't abused like many of the other Kenet. She was just bad at everything, from dishes to magecraft. I smiled at her. I hoped she'd just relax and approach me already, but she didn't. 

"Can you send for Beadrieth?"

"Red Dove?" 

I nodded with a smile, "Yes, Red Dove."

Her head disappeared around the corner, and I returned to my book. Elves were quite weird. They were frail and edgy. Some were pale and tall, others had grey skin and were short. I'd didn't get their physique. They also acted rather finicky and jittery. They were, all around, weird people. I didn't like them, but I guess they were sort of attractive if one preferred frail flat chested women with gaps in between their thighs. However, surprisingly enough, the Oro'keen paid Elven mages greatly for their services. The Odrean took pride in fucking them to death, though. I sort of laughed, sort of felt bad for them. But ... Whatever. 

"Dead Man's Ink was first created during the Great War by both Dark Mages and Black Mages for rune enhancement. The main ingredient of the Ink is 'Ash of Cremare,' which both aids dark energy and, helps encourage proper disposal of the dead by fire and thus prevents reanimating of corpses by enemy combatants..." 

Ah, yes, I laughed in my head. Lady Everaen wanted to me use ink made with the ash of dead people as eye liner. Quite lovely, indeed. "Lovely eyes you have dear, why thank you it's your uncle Bob," I said to myself. 

"Liana?" said Bead, standing in the doorway to the balcony. 

I glanced over my shoulder at her. "Hello, Bead." 

She sauntered over and kneeled in front of me, spreading her thighs placing her hands behind her back, her second kneeling pose. I stared at her boobs. In my opinion, they were too damn big for her. But they did look nice on her chest. Mine weren't that big. They didn't bounce around painfully when I walked down stairs, ran, or rode a horse. Though, I still habitually held them in place when I frolicked about. I noticed she glanced at the Little Black Book as it laid open in the palm of my hand, so I closed it with a loud slam shut. She shot her eyes back to up mine. I smiled at her.

"Where's Mai?" I asked, keeping my smile. 

"Hunting with your Master, and some others." 

Of course, I thought. I should have asked her if I could relieve myself before she left. Oh, my poor bladder. It was then that I realized that I hadn't spoken to dear Beadrieth in such a long time. I stared up and down her body once more. Her skin was so pale and soft. She looked a bit clammy from working the kitchen with the other slaves. She had faint streaks and welts from being disciplined by the head slave of the galley. Oh, poor Bead, such a dunce not knowing how to cook or clean. 

Her little cock hung limply in between her thighs. I stared at it with a bit of admiration and she blushed. Mine was small and lifeless, even hard, it was still an insignificant amount of flesh that had to be punished. Hers, I imagined, would harden to a pleasing length. I bit my lip at her. She stared at the ground, coyly. 

"You must hold a great ire against me," I said, "Tell me, how have you adjusted to your new culture?"

She smiled. A great burden escaped me. Relief replaced its void. Her shy demeanor made me blush. She was so damn cute, naturally submissive. Even I, as submissive as I was, wanted to violate her. 

She lifted her hand to the side of her head and swept her long red hair over her ear, blushing with a grin. She had an earring, a dull simple one, like the first one Mistress Koren gave me. 

"Oh?" I chirped with glee. 

"Yes," she said, keeping her eyes to the floor, "She wants to name me Red Dove. She really likes my birth name but their kind can't pronounce it correctly. They call me Bed Wreath and it drives me mad. What do you think?" 

I smiled. "Bed Wreath of the Klen Forest tribe is an astounding name," I giggled, "So you've fallen for her then?" 

She smiled wider, with some sort of warmth in her chest. "Truly so, I believe." 

A silence took over us with unasked questions, held back with the most disdain. I understood her hate, more so than she could understand it herself. She was a White Mage, forever marked by positivity and light. She always saw the silver lining, even when the moment was fraught with failure. And ... I hated it. But, good for her though, I thought. 

"You should know," I began, regretting every word, "Someone casted a control spell on you and used you to sell me to the Orcs. I didn't know at the time. I only just found out. So ... My bout of vengeance was unnecessary and wrong. I apologize—"

She shook her head at me, glaring tearfully into my eyes. "No need. I get it," then she shrugged, "I guess. I mean, I sort of always knew I was unkind to you in a way. But still, was I always so full of hubris? Was I a ... Cunt ... to you?" 

I grinned, not with joy, with hate. Yes, she was a cunt to me. Unintentionally, she was always the worse kind of bitch, so nice and kind and glittery gold with light. 

I shook my head right back at her. "You wouldn't understand my darkness, Bead. That was your mistake. Your kindness was too much. Your family purchased me for my inherited daemon spirit, to somehow transfer it to Mother, to sacrifice me. And I was reminded how pointless I was, every damn day. It killed me," I smiled at her, with my darkness and hate and cold shadow of a soul, "How do you fare being a Kenet?" 

"Oh," she said, blushing and staring down at the floor again, "Well, it's hard. At first, I ... I thought I may kill myself. But I found a way around the pain. The work is hard and I'm bad at most things," then she smiled, greatly, "But she made me hers. She loves the way I am. She loves that I can heal her and support her with my magic." 

She stared back up at me. Determination raged about her eyes. "I love her, Liana. I don't know why, but I want to make her happy." 

I smiled. Oh Bead, what an adorable little thing she was. "Maybe it's a spell to make enslaving you easier." 

She frowned. "I hope not. Indeed, if it is, I hope it never wears off."

"Me neither," I laughed, "I love you, you know. I'm a mess. I'm sorry I ruined your life."

A small laugh escaped from her as she wiped a tear from her eye. "Oh please, Liana. It's thoroughly wrecked."

"But you like it," I said, "Don't you love the fleeting piracy of it all?" 

For a moment I thought she'd cry. But she didn't, and smiled. She smiled at me with all of her sickly submissive adorableness. Deep within her, a perverse little slut lived. I could tell she wanted to comply with it. She loved being dominated. She was just as much of a pervert as I. 

"I do," she said. 

We stared at each other in silence. Her, a bringer of light, and me ... darkness. The two of us, now more different than before but all the same, slaves. How quaint, I thought, the two of us living as we were. She thought she'd be royalty, and I thought I'd be nothing, now reversed. I loved it and so did she. My vengeance exceeded vast boundaries, lengths of range, cycles of time, lines of blood, words on parchment, and thoughts in a mind. My vengeance was everlasting. My hell was the best.

I rolled my shoulders back and let my cloak slide to the floor, revealing my nudity to her. We kept our gaze. I reached forth and cupped her sweaty privates in the palm of my hand. Still, she retained her stare. I bit my lip and fondled her. I lowered myself and stuck my butt up in the air. She glared at me still, silently, with anticipation. I slipped her cock into my mouth and tasted her. I kept my eyes up at her, and she kept hers down on me as I swirled my tongue around her limp pee pee. I tasted her sweat and filth off her smooth private parts. I swallowed her grime, leaving her cleaner than before.

Now hard, her penis nearly filled my mouth, just barely reaching to the back of my throat. I pulled away, releasing her with an ear-pleasing pop, and cupped her balls in my hand again. The dense glittering lust in her eyes told me she was okay with it. I slid my hand further back to her butt. 

"Oh?" I gasped with surprise, circling my fingers around the end of her glass plug. 

She blushed deeper, face red with emotion, heart pounding with perversion. "Its name is Bead. My name is Red Dove." 

My smile couldn't have been any wider. My adorable step-sister was such a pervert. Oh, how accomplished I felt knowing I subjected her to her deepest temptations. But she only had reached the entrance to my hell. My hell turned good girls bad ... By just knocking on its door. 

Licking my lips at her, "You taste good, Kenet."

I then rolled onto my back and held my legs in the air over my head. I reached around my butt and used my fingers to lift my scrotum up and spread open my pussy and ass, gaping my holes for her. 

"You should try me too."

Almost diving into me, she attacked my vagina with such force and lust. She used her tongue so well inside me, rubbing all of the spots that made me scream. I was sure my pussy was the first she ever had. I was sure she was enjoying herself, fucking me with her tongue while my balls rested on her nose. 

"Oh Dove," I moaned. 

She looked at me as she devoured my pussy, with questions in her eyes. 

"Pick a hole ... and fuck me," I said, losing my mind. 

I wasn't sure if she wasn't used to making decisions, if she didn't know what to do, or if she genuinely couldn't decide to fuck my pussy or ass. After a slight pause, she slid over me and thrusted her hips down, letting her cock decide. 

I moaned as she entered my pussy, and it was then that I realized that she probably never fucked a girl before. Oh Bead, ever skipping forth into her own darkness. My hell was sick with lust. 

We breathed against each other like beasts. Sweat roused to our skin, giving us a lovely sheen of sex. She thrusted her hips up and down slowly, grinding her cock against the walls of my vagina, feeling every amount of me as she could. We stared at each other with eyes full of unsanctioned pleasure, and we joined our soft lips together. 

Our tongues danced like embers to a flame. Her slow, soft, kisses sent me into insanity. My Mistress forbade me to cum. I held myself back for her, but I enjoyed tasting Bead's saliva. Over and over, a small peck of the lips, a deep tongue filled penetration, another small peck. My hell was the fucking best. 

Bead slowed her pace and looked at me. 

"I'm not allowed to cum," she said. 

"Me neither." 

She collapsed onto me and we giggled to our predicament. For a moment, we laughed as we did when we were younger. We laughed like friends. 

While we giggled our butts off, Mistress Koren put her hands on her hips, Mai too. 

"So, this is what little slave girls do when work is to be done," said Mistress, "Shouldn't you be studying?"

"Shouldn't you be in the kitchen?" added Mai, tilting her head at Bead. 

We froze in our lewd positions and stared at our masters, hearts sinking, dread pulsing in our chests. They dropped their waist garments, their cocks already hard and ready to punish us. Without a word, we crawled on our hands and knees to our masters and began servicing their cocks with our lovely wet mouths. They glared down on us with their hands on their hips, both disappointed and pleased all the same. 

I slurped and slid my tongue all over Mistress Koren's cock and balls, taking in her amazing wild scent. I could easily take her whole shaft into my throat now. I did so and nuzzled my nose in her bush. I grazed her thighs with my fingernails, Bead did the same to Mai. While their eyes said we were bad girls, their smiles said we were good ones. Bead, oh Bead, she couldn't yet take in her master's whole shaft. She tried, and that was good enough for Mai to pet her soft red hair...

"Good girl," said Mai, "That's it. Just a little deeper." 

I kept my gaze up at my Mistress. I was glad to be servicing next to my stepsister. I felt that we were bonding, in a weird fucked up way. 

After having taken the time to clean our master's cocks, Mistress Koren stood me up and held me by my wrists as she rammed her cock into my ass in front of Bead and Mai. Her pelvis slapped into my butt cheeks loudly, over and over, as I moaned like a whore. 

Mai sat in a chair, removed Bead's plug, and lowered her onto her cock. Both of them still faced me, watching my punishment. Oh Bead, poor little Beadrieth, couldn't yet take in the full length of Mai's massive horse cock into her little butt. She winced and squeaked in lovely pain as her hole met the thick medial ring of her master's cock. Because her body weight couldn't take her the rest of the way down, she just sat suspended with half of Mai's cock in her. Mai, of course, held her still by gripping as much of her slave's breasts in her big green hands and squeezing to the point Bead's flesh squished between her master's fingers. 

Mistress Koren, without remorse, punished my butt with her thick green cock with an unending rage while mine just slapped back and forth against my pussy and tummy. Her thrusts, so forceful, caused her balls to slap into mine, making me flinch uncontrollably. The pain was too lovely to keep silent about. I screamed like a dying horse. My hell was irresistibly bliss with pain. 

As Bead and I screamed together, our mistresses shared a smile with each other. Our punishment echoed into the cavernous valley for all to hear. The slapping of flesh, love to my ears. The glistening of sweat, screaming for Mistress, counting spankings, our submissive puppy eyes, their domineering glares, all of it ... fucking bliss. 

As I was just about I cum, Mistress Koren lifted me up with my back against her tits and my thighs in her hands. She squatted for a little for leverage, and she fucked me as I was suspended by just her cock in my ass. After just a moment, she increased her rage and fucked me as hard as she could. She made me cum from my butt. My body spazzed out of control, my eyes rolled back, and my whorish moans turned into the sounds of a dunce being beaten. 
