 "The sex was not my primary concern at the beginning," the man says brightly, the dark russet of his hair flopping unimpressively over his eyes, the same shade of brown-ish. "I'm a scholar first and foremost," the man continues to explain, large tan hands already pulling at his belt. Wiry curls of brown hair spring up on his palms. 

Across from him stands the imp- he'd been hoping for something taller, more imposing, something more...succubus-y. His previous summons had been like that- tall, curvy women, or tall, slender women, or-... 

A piece of chalk rolls away from the imp's foot, discarded after the man had finished drawing the summoning circle, which swirls around the imp's feet in careful swirls and darting symbols. 

The imp is, at most, five foot even, its skin tone a pale yellow, like the dullest light of a candle. "A scholar," the imp says, lips curling. The voice is feminine- and the body matches, large breasts hanging out bare, purple silk cloth winding around strong, yellow arms, fingernails painted red, thoughtfully. "I'm sure you summoned a sex demon for a very good, scholarly reason, didn't you, Emory?" By the time the imp-woman's finished her sentence, Emory's got his pants halfway down, the tan slacks pulling past his thighs and pooling around his ankles. 

"How do you know my name?" Emory looks down at the imp. The pert, pink nipples peer back up at him. Emory imagines the breasts are happy to see him. They look large. Bigger than D cup, definitely. The imp's gaze, meanwhile, roams over Emory's living room, which is where the impromptu summon had occurred- that chalk is going to be hard to get out of the nice red carpet. The eyes are strange, bright red, like embers. Her hair shifts from gold, to orange, to red. Emory waits for a response, but decides to yank his underwear down while he waits. No sense in wasting time. The imp turns, only giving Emory's cock an incidental look before peering up at him, unamused. 

"Most of the lower court of succubi have been summoned to this residence before- I suppose you meant 'at the beginning' of your summonings?" The imp's fingernails are long, curved, and Emory takes the opportunity to gawk at her form more obviously. They almost look dull at the tips, forming into little, harmless spheres. The silk wraps around her legs as well, rendering her a stylish mummy, her feet two hoof-like structures, the black of their bone streaming upwards and disappearing under the purple silk. 

The imp continues, looking around at the human's residence. "We've all been faced with your indiscretions at one point or another. I think I'm rare in that I've not yet met you and your..." She trails off. The way the imp's mouth curves in disgust would amuse Emory if he weren't focused on her pubic mound. Fire-red locks curl up from what must be a tight, wet- 

"Sila was kind enough to tell me about her intimate knowledge of your ass, Terra mentioned your piss fetish, Maize explained to me what you'd meant when you told her you enjoyed meals a little too much-" The imp's fingernails flick impatiently as she counts on her fingers her coworkers' words. Emory interrupts before she can continue. 

"So you're here to please me?" 

One golden-orange-red gradient eyebrow strikes upwards and two red eyes flit to Emory's face. "Every summon is an exchange. What I require will be some of your life and precious stones. Diamonds, sapphires, emeralds, etcetera. Silver, gold, platinum is all fine by me as well, though they don't fall strictly within the 'stone' description." 

The imp's gaze flits down to the man's bare cock and her scowl deepens. 

Emory smiles and lowers one broad hand to palm at cock, squeezing around the shaft slowly. The imp glares at the head of it, as if the sight itself is offensive, before looking back up to Emory. Her hands press against her hips and her breasts bounce slightly, then jiggle with the movement. "I will not watch you pleasure yourself for free, either, since I'm fairly sure 'voyeur' is on your list of pleasures." 

"I know how this works," Emory says, laughing slightly as he continues to play with himself, other hand slipping down to squeeze at his balls. "It's an exchange. I promise my soul as the bribe. If I don't pay you after you do this for me, you get the whole she-bang. Umm," he says, hands tightening around his cock as he slowly slides them down and up the shaft of it, "the she bang being my soul, that is." 

The imp shakes her head. "I charge by the hour. Each hour will be two months of your life. I will also require...twenty carats of gold." The imp's gaze flicks to Emory's left hand's ring finger. "That should cover most of that fee. I'll be wanting some sort of gem as well." 

"The last one charged a month for a couple of hours," Emory says, hand stroking himself slowly. He nods, still, even while he says this, gaze slowly lowering back to the imp's breasts. They're nice, by his judgement- large, full, bouncy, perky, adjectives that you usually don't get all bundled up nicely in one package. After seeing most of the succubi that Hell's lower court has to offer, though, Emory's begun to realize that their appearances are not restricted by human anatomy's possibilities. And the nipples- hard already, dark pink, the areola around them a slightly lighter shade of the same color. "I agree to your terms, ah...your name?" Color's already begun to rise to his cheeks as he jerks himself off, staring at her breasts. 

"Coral," the imp says flatly. The man appears to be in his late twenties or early thirties. He won't make it past forty, by her estimation, considering his squandering of his life already. "You've already used ten minutes of your time." Coral's mouth is pale purple- no, beige- it's color is a gradient, as well, and Emory almost thinks he sees bright white fangs behind the full lips as they turn downward. 

"I want to fuck your breasts." 

Coral's hand pulls at the purple wrappings a bit and she rolls her eyes, shifting from foot to foot. "My body is here to service you," she mutters, as her palms pull together and squeeze her breasts together. The imp bounces on her feet slightly, making her full breasts jiggle between her squeezing hands, their fullness squishing between her flame-yellow fingers. 

Emory nods, eyes shutting slightly as he sits down onto his couch. Coral admires it as she strides forward, kneeling between his knees. It looks to be...expensive, dark brown leather. Though her eyes betray her unimpressed state, Coral's voice slips into the slithering tone of a seductress. "You want me like this?" she asks, girlishly, breasts pressing forward. Emory strokes his cock and gives a pleased sigh as he feels her breasts press, soft, around the base of his dick. Her knees rest against the carpet, easy, and her feet fold under her bottom. 

"Yeah," he croaks. "Lean back a little. Let me fuck into them." 

Heat's begun to rise in the man's face. For someone who frequents prostitutes of the fantastical variety, the guy sure seems to be an easy play. Coral obliges, curving back slightly to present her breasts, hands squeezing them together. 

Emory's hand squeezes around his cock- by Coral's estimation, six or seven inches. Red eyes peer up at Emory and a dry voice goes- 

"and how do you plan on making my breasts slick enough to fuck?" 

Emory jerks his head towards the stand beside the couch, and Coral manages to squeeze her breasts together with one arm underneath them, other hand fumbling towards a drawer in the wooden stand. The smooth plastic of a bottle presses against her palm and she withdraws the lubricant. She drops it beside him on the couch, and Emory picks it up, fingers trembling as he pops off the cap. He leans over and, on a whim, decides to pour it in her cleavage first- the clear lube slides over her breasts and he thinks, to himself, I can't wait to come all over her tits just like that. The imp's abrasive and unprofessional personality hasn't deterred him from wanting to fuck her...impressive rack. 

Coral rolls her eyes, and Emory pulls forward to knead at a nipple, the lubricant slicking it. The imp gives an obnoxious moan. 

The lubricant slides over his cock next as Emory strokes and palms it a little more, before finally spreading his legs slightly and grabbing his cock a bit more firmly. "Lean back," he instructs, "a little more, just like that." The head of his cock presses under her breasts, and his head slides against the swell of her two tits. 

Coral breathes out, and her eyes shut, her eyelids streaked with the same gradient of colors as her lips. She lets out a little whimper when Emory thrusts the first time- he moans as he thrusts forward, letting his cock rest between her tits. They're large enough to envelop his cock fully, from the base to the head- his head's just barely exposed between the tops of her breasts, and if he'd commanded her to push her tits together just a little bit differently, they wouldn't be. He promises himself to do that towards the end, so he can come between her full breasts, slick her chest with his cum. 

Coral's fingers squeeze her breasts harder as Emory begins to fuck her breasts, slowly, his full length sliding in between her...he's got no better description than-...tight, slick, cleavage. Soft. His head presses up into her tits and Coral squeezes in the way he would have liked best- of course she knew, she's a sex demon- and her breasts press around the head, too. He can't tell if he's already slick with precum or if it's the lube, but for a moment he just tries to rub the head of his cock in between Coral's tits. 

Coral whines again and looks up at him hungrily- either she's playing a role or she's into it, and judging by her profession, it's the former- but she's damn good at playing a role. Emory obliges her by fucking between her breasts a little harder, his next thrust making his balls slap against the bottoms of her tits- and, fuck, but that's a new and...wonderful feeling. The head peeks up between her tits and Coral lowers her face, full mouth pressing down, her tongue lapping at the head of his cock- not swirling, not teasing, but lapping, like she wants to lick his cock clean of the wetness and- 

Emory tenses and ruts his hips forward, trying to enter her mouth. Her breasts bounce around his cock and she whines again, mouth opening. She lowers her head and her mouth, her hot, moist mouth, forms a sort of seal just around the head of Emory's cock- that's all she can get in her mouth. Her breasts are large enough to press around the rest of Emory's cock fully, and he can't fuck into her mouth with more than just the head of his cock, that's how large they are. (Or how small he is- Emory tries to have a good self esteem about these things, and he thinks he's perfectly average or above. No, it's Coral's tits that are exceptional.) 

Coral's hands squeeze her breasts even tighter, if possible, around Emory's dick, and he finds himself moaning in pleasure as he fucks into her cleavage, her mouth sucking at his head, tongue lapping hungrily. His abdomen tenses again and all he wants to do is come in between those breasts, fuck into her mouth and make her drool his cum all over her big, full titties- 

Emory moans and thrusts into her breasts harder, each bounce and jiggle around his cock only making him thrust faster, deeper into her cleavage. Coral moans around his cock, her lips sucking around the head of it, tongue licking at the slit as her eyes squeeze shut and her thighs grind together, as if she's turned on by the feel of him between her breasts. Emory knows, in the back of his mind, that he should use the full hour, that he should get his essence's worth out of it, but that just makes him rut up, fuck her breasts, and the sound of his balls slapping lewdly against the bottoms of those full spheres makes him almost lose it. 

Thinking of using the full hour makes him think of degrading this imp in horrible ways. Fucking her mouth until she gags on his cum, figuring out how tight that pussy, hidden under those red curls, feels- using her ass, yanking her hair and- 

Emory's fingers pull around the leather of the couch and he thrusts forward, weakly, a final time, coming. His cum splatters across Coral's mouth, streaks down her chin in thick, white ropes, a few errant strands hanging thickly over the very topmost curves of her breasts. Coral looks up at him, tongue licking at her lips, white smearing over their purple-gradient shade. Her eyes slit and, with Emory's cock still pressed firmly between her breasts, her yellow-toned hands squeezing her breasts around it, she asks, unimpressed- 

"So, where is my payment?"