 This is a continuation of Concord, but since I everything has been more or less re-described, you could still technically read it for "jerk off" material, since that's kinda what I wrote it for, but it'll still be a bit confusing plot-wise if you don't read the stories before this one.

As always, erotica ranges drastically. Enjoy!

*****

Challenge 

"You have got to be kidding me." 

When Garen finally matured, his memories were intact, but the influence of his "father" creature amounted to seven long, thick tendrils that hovered serenely in the air above. Tentacles just like these very ones that originated from Garen's central back were the ones that, ages before, had repeatedly raped and impregnated Cirella with Garen in the first place. These things would be just a horrible reminder of how much she was forced to enjoy the treatment, except that, occasionally, they would do it again, and usually just to her, surprising her in her sleep or otherwise with no warning. They would tear off her clothes if she wore them (long ago she stopped), and begin filling all three of her orifices, mating with her ruthlessly until she gave accelerated birth to something like a small worm-like creature. It was assumed that this was what Cirella was supposed to produce for the monster instead of just a stranger version of Garen, but they would never know that. The worm usually was a greyish, slime-covered and striped with a strange orange. It would be anywhere from as thick as her wrist to her thigh, and would vibrate intensely before being expelled from her body. The only way to avoid this was to kill Garen, and since Cirella would never do that willingly, she was stuck wearing skimpy, exposed armor that made the process that much swifter. 

Aside from the tentacles, Garen was a tall, muscular human with shoulder-length thick red hair, and with the same red bush beard and brows. His features were carved and toned, but he usually wore special-made cloaks in his color of green to match his eyes, not bothering to conceal the tendrils, as they would tear their way out of his clothes as easily as they could Cirella's. He slung a heavy bow over his back that would take at least nine strong human arms to pull, but the tentacles at least came in useful for that. His personality was often slightly distant, but still very kind-hearted. 

Cirella, on the other hand, was "reborn" herself after she was impregnated with Garen, nearly losing her mind to become a slave to be a host for the rest of her life, which the creature would probably have never let end. Her body was firm and heavily exaggerated curves in the most naturally seductive places, and her luscious blonde hair fell down to her knees after framing her featured pale face and deep blue eyes, floating gracefully out of the way to make her body appear that much more attractive, or to act as a defense against an enemy's attacks. Once upon a time, she wore thick plated armor that could protect her easily from any attack, but she had augmented it to expose most of her curves and feminine assets so that it would be easier for Garen's tendrils to penetrate her. In a way, Cirella actually enjoyed when it happened, but she still tried to keep that to herself even decades after it started. 

These transformations were all brought about by their dear friend, Fyrah. She had undergone her own change in appearance, but was more lithe and lighter built than Cirella, with the same kinds of curves and exaggerations on her womanly physique. Fyrah also had elbow-length silver hair, dark blue skin, and glittering purple eyes, easily appearing the most alien of all of them. Fyrah was originally fated to die at Cirella's feet while she would be ravished by the monster, and she did, along with the original Garen, but not before she and Garen had created through birth another, almost exact, copy of Fyrah herself. She had also cast an offensive spell to alter the spawn that the monster would impregnate Cirella with, so that it would be almost exactly in mind like Garen was. As she was forced to rush the transformation, she was unable to rid Garen of the tendrils or his devious nature, which were the most persistent properties of the monster psyche and body. 

And so that was how the three of them became immortal and evaded the fate of their own deaths, travelling the world as civilization grew more advanced around them, with the majority of humans beginning to abandon the primal magic that was a part of the world for so long. Even with this, though, the three of them still wandered about the world, unearthing the legendary beings that never faded in existence. The people of the world had no idea that every imaginable creature existed just out of sight, and that each could still easily wrest control of entire empires as easily as flipping a lever. 

The three of them found themselves once again in a cave, but they had long prepared themselves for the worst of things, with Fyrah flicking her hand lazily to shield the three of them from some minor traps put in place that could ensnare any mortal's mind in seconds, drawing them deeper inside. 

They were looking for a creature in this area, which was easily one of the last of the more titanic creatures, ranging from twelve to thirty feet in height and spanning a length of over fifty feet. In appearance, it was a massive worm-like length that was jet black in color, moving about the expansive floor wriggling with the help of hundreds of long, thick tentacles. Cirella remarked, exasperated, at how they always seemed to encounter these kinds of perverted inventions of magic, but behind the barrier Fyrah held up for them, they were not only safe from being attacked, but also from being noticed, giving each of them plenty of time to discover that every last corner and space on the wall, however well disguised as the rugged surface, could be picked out as pods. 

It was easy enough to see into them, and discover that each and every one of them held a different woman from almost every age. Every last one of them were now abnormally beautiful, the first sign that they were all now ageless, and most sported bloated bellies. Cirella was right, the worm used humans for mating, which may have been odd at first, but the population of the planet in people was starting to increase drastically as at least the more basic issues of survival were being solved. 

A few more minutes of examinations, and Fyrah pointed out that some of them definitely were not originally women, but most were actually men who were once warriors or scholars, changed with magic to be able to bear children, or were children themselves, matured at an extremely rapid rate until they were changed in the same way. It was strange that a creature would even need another being to mate, more so that it had to be human women to do this. 

Fyrah, though, was staring puzzled at the creature when Garen asked her a question that drew her out of her state of thinking. 

"When we get on of this thing's eggs, we can free these poor people, right?" He looked at her until she answered, knowing that she'd heard him. The thought of those people trapped in there as nothing more than toys for this thing was amusing, but in his heart Garen was still benevolent. When Fyrah shook her head, he waited for her to elaborate, having long discovered that asking the stereotypical "why not?" was about as useless as repeating himself under the impression that she wasn't listening. 

"I don't think those people would be able to return to a normal life, and besides, this is probably an improvement for them. Most of those released would probably be insane from what they're going through." Fyrah continued to examine the creature, clearly resting. If she knew what this thing was well enough, then she knew that it would not wake for at least a century unless it was roused. "We need to distract it somehow." She looked over to Cirella. 

She understood clearly, taking a step back at the thought. No, she decided simply, but Fyrah gave her a look that clearly said there was no other way. 

"You have got to be kidding me..." She said. A distraction with a creature like this could only mean one thing: Her. Since her change, Cirella's body naturally gave off a fume that was attractive to even the more reclusive of creatures, a fact that she discovered after waking up with a wolf humping her on more than one occasion, and obviously, she always enjoyed it before realizing what she was doing. Not only that, but she was so physically enduring that surviving was almost a terrifying thought. She could be ravished by those wrist-thick tendrils for hours, maybe even days, before her body would give in to submission. Cirella pictured her body held aloft by the tentacles as she would be penetrated constantly, her face contorted in absolute pleasure. Even now, the thought of what she had to do was getting her a little hot with excitement. 

"Fine." Cirella said, a little more seductively than she intended, and Fyrah smiled as she clearly noticed. Still, she wanted to at least defend herself before it happened. Maybe that would make her trespass more convincing, at least. 

She stepped away from the shield defending from the trance, drawing her sword and shield as she walked away. The ground rumbled as the thing no doubt detected her presence, as she was giving off her welcoming scent even stronger than before as she herself was starting to burn with desire. She turned around to see that the worm had started to wriggle toward her. Alright, she thought, I'm not going to submit without a fight! 

The tip of the creature came before her and attempted to launch one of its tendrils at her, which she tested it on her shield to see how well her guard would work against this thing. To her dismay, the shield only provided a couple of seconds while the thing swerved neatly around the shield to her left. She jumped back and blocked its advance with the shield again, confident that it couldn't reach any further behind her as her sword came down on two moving deftly toward her crotch and mouth. This close, they released their own intoxicating fume into her face, entering her mouth and nose even though she had no need for breathing, but she fought off the feeling of lust even as her body was started to shiver with anticipation. Even now, though, only seconds into the fight, it would be unreasonable to expect her resolve to last long.

Garen and Fyrah tried to move around the creature to the eggs, but most of its body was still coiled around them. They couldn't risk touching the thing or attempting to move it out of the way, as that would risk the thing seeing them, and they would all be trapped down her just like the hundreds of people lining the walls. All they could do was watch helplessly, unable to warn Cirella that her efforts would prove futile, as they would need at least half the length of the worm to move toward her before they could even risk coming to close, which would only happen if she was caught... 

Confident that the others had a plan, Cirella continued to fend of the onslaught of tendrils, but the worm was slowly moving toward her to make use of more of them. What was worse, every tentacle she cleaved off regenerated itself within seconds to start attacking her again, making her resort to bashing at the things with her shield. She knew she couldn't keep it up forever, and that came sooner than she thought when she took one wrong step back onto one of the limbs on the floor that she'd cut off. The thing coiled around her boot and she tripped, falling to the floor with a crash. 

Instantly, one of the tentacles shot up into her now begging groin, rendering her speechless as she bucked her hips violently against the length of it, exploding with pent-up lust. She didn't even bother trying to stop the ones shooting into her buttocks and mouth. All of them were slick and as thick as a wrist, but she'd dealt with worse than that before. It raised her into the air and started thrusting violently into and out of her, making her reach a climax within seconds of the torture. Her body shook and thrust against the protrusions out of wanton need, forcing them further inside her pleading body. Her mouth sucked vehemently on the one in her mouth, as the thing tasted so sweet Cirella could hardly stand it. 

Her throat and belly bulged with the lengths inside her, and the pressure in her rear was unbelievable. It was like this was the first time she'd felt this, even after hundreds of different encounters with Garen doing it to her. She remembered faintly that she felt similar when it happened then, too, but this did nothing to relax her shaking body, with her firm globes of breasts bouncing with each stroke, and her hair fluttering like it was in some kind of breeze. 

They continued doing this to her, stuffing her body and still forcing deeper into her until she felt herself being filled with what she could only assume was the thing's seed. The same stuff pushed into her rump and mouth, filling her stomach instantly and starting to gush out of her mouth and nose. The substance was a thick grey that tasted sweeter than the tendril in her mouth. 

Once all of this was done, the tentacles started to retreat from her body, and she thought it was over, realizing faintly that she was being held up by two of these tentacles. She was mistaken, though, as yet another trio of these things shot into her again, igniting her pleasure horribly. Part of her mind had already become accustomed to the treatment, and her mouth instinctively sucked on the one in her mouth while her hips rode out the ones inside her two holes, but the another part of her was suddenly begging them to stop. Her own actions were stolen from her, and Cirella couldn't make sense of what she wanted anymore, with her emotions firing off strangely while she sobbed around her sucking mouth. Her experience became a haze of some kind of horrible cross between wanting the feeling to stop and never wanting it to end. Her body rolled and shook constantly to fill herself more, but struggled against the hold as well while her mouth went from moving backwards out of desperation to get the thing out of her throat, and shoving it back in as she realized that she could hardly live without it. Cirella's tears could easily have been from misery or lustful urges, but she couldn't tell. 

The other two watched their friend as this happened repeatedly, with nothing they could do to help her but watch while the worm, thankfully, started to slide forward while it made sure that Cirella was filled with as much of its seed as it could push into her before her body would start to show damage, which, with her, would never happen. 

Hours passed before the worm seemed to have moved only a few meters, with still hundreds of those tentacles to go. At the rate it was going, it would take days before it would have moved enough for Garen and Fyrah to retrieve even one of the eggs. This was going to take a long time. Fyrah spent the spare time they had to track Cirella's thoughts, noticing how they jumped enormously from forced pleasure to forced pain within seconds of each-other, but it seemed like the amount of pleasure she received was more so than the pain each time, a change that, even if she didn't know it, she was welcoming whole-heartedly. Fyrah went to the other people left in the pods who seemed to be in nothing but absolute bliss, their minds broken beyond repair. Thankfully, a scarce few of them looked like they'd been here for weeks at least, and still showed signs of fighting the trance, but for reasons they didn't know anymore. One such woman looked directly at Fyrah, seductively and blank-eyed and started to caress her own endowment unthinkingly, showing Fyrah just how much she was enjoying her treatment while her mind was begging it to stop every few minutes.

Cirella would be scarred from the encounter. 

After the first day of the torment, Cirella was starting to realize that the pain was lessening, but she knew that was no reason to celebrate. Somewhere inside her, she still knew that she needed to escape, even if she was looking forward to the three-hundred and eighty-seventh tentacle to shove itself into her gaping hole. She sucked hungrily down on the one in her mouth, finding it quickly replaced by another to shove itself down her throat. The one in her groin released its load into her and retreated, but instead of one, she felt two massive tentacles shoving their way into her, and she moaned even louder with sheer pleasure, begging behind the gag in her mouth for more, while the two things inside of her coiled around a familiar spot that made her scream as they thrust. Renewed, she continued to buck her hips violently, still wanting more of the treatment until, minutes later, when she would realize that she wanted to leave for only a few short seconds. 

It was not the only change, as she felt her hard nipples being gripped by two of these tentacles and being sucked violently, her sweet milk passing into the creature swiftly. Her lucidity came to her just as this happened, either by the will of the worm to make her suffer more, or just out of sheer luck. 

She realized she could use this, as her breast-milk also acted as an extremely powerful potion in its own right, something that she discovered soon after rebirth and, incidentally, birth. Cirella started to send mental commands to this thing, but got caught as to what to tell it while she fought off her lustful urges for just a few seconds longer. A familiar voice in her head told her to tell it to let her go, and it did, dropping her now limp body to the floor just to be caught first in the arms of someone familiar. 

Fyrah's knees buckled as she realized Cirella's incredible weight that mostly came from her tight muscle and womanly endowment. She looked into the entranced eyes of her friend, with her still armored hips rotating before she realized with a gasp that she was no longer being penetrated. Fyrah descended a hand on Cirella's cheek, getting a smile out of her friend and hoping that the damage wasn't too deep. Still, there was no denying the fire in Cirella's eyes was true, and not just something left from her treatment. 

Cirella wanted to prove to her friend that, even after what happened to her, she still loved the more intimate things about Garen and Fyrah. The worm could never ruin that for her.

Garen retrieved not one, but three of the eggs swiftly as the worm was commanded to move away from them. When he came back to the two women, he found them kissing vehemently, rubbing each-other's groin's while they failed to notice him there. 

"Sorry," Cirella said quickly, moving away from Fyrah, but still intent upon finishing where they started. Here was now another thing for the seemingly pointless collections of Fyrah, but it was certainly a better reason for adventure than simple politics or slaying a dragon for no reason other than gold they didn't need. 

They all walked home, leaving the giant worm in a trance as it doubtlessly tried to figure out what just happened. Their laughter could be heard as they walked back home, joking and playing just as they had done before their voyage. 

*Twenty-seven years prior. 

May recovered, light-headed, from a fall of hers that she'd had walking through the forest. It was her favorite pastime, and not once in years had she ever misstepped when wandering wherever she pleased. Well, she thought, I suppose there's a first time for everything. She tried to get up, but found her food caught on whatever she'd tripped on. 

She looked down, horrified as she saw what looked like a finger-thick, slimy rope bound tightly around her ankle, held fast. She reached a hand down to pull it off, but as her face got close enough to it, she caught it in her full view and stared, transfixed, at whatever it was, unable to bring herself to struggle anymore. It released her foot, but she was still curious to find out more about it as it raised a flat tip toward her, waving invitingly. 
