 Chameleon

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk! Thunk! Thunk! Thunk! Thunk! Thunk! 

"Ouch." "OUCH!" "Damn." "DAMN!" "Shit!" "SHIT!" "FUCK!" "FUCKING SHIT! That hurts!"

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk! Splat! 

"FUCK!" "FUCK!" "FUCK!" "OOOO! That is disgusting!"

A friend back at the Alien Studies Society (and on Hentai, my home world, the name does not have the acronym of ASS, but unfortunately our vowels are several decibels above human hearing range) 

Anyway this friend tells me that the most entertaining part of any anthropologists report is their trips through the worm hole to get to their assigned planet. A physics/engineering type tried to give me a detailed string theory explanation of what happens. I lost him after the first sentence. I gather it is something like sliding down a knotted rope, really really fast and you end up with the bruises and rope burn to prove it. No matter how many times I travel between planets, I never get used to it. You go bumping along swearing in your head. Supposedly you are outside the dimension of time, but we still perceive the trip as taking time. My experience recorder – standard equipment for an ASS anthropologist – records all of my perceptions on the trip. Every thunk and bruise on the trip; every thought is recorded. My friend back on Hentai loves it. Not a surprise as he also loves to watch 3 Stooges films that we have obtained from monitoring your TV transmissions. He – strictly speaking I should say "it" as there are no genders on Hentai as you understand them - also tells me he has learned some colorful swearing from other planets, including his current favorite "snortifx agta gribflux!" which roughly means "your mother has oral sex with Kabash dung spiders" You don't want to know more, believe me.

Whenever I take these trips I make sure I only swear in the language of the culture I am going to study, in this case, humans of North America and Europe. This particular trip had been particularly unpleasant. Not only had I endured the cosmic rope burn, I landed in a manure pile several meters away from my intended target, a 1967 Ford Mustang ASS had arranged to park on a quiet back road in Vermont. 

I suppose you are wondering what a good sentient being from Hentai is doing on a backwater planet like Earth. I am an anthropologist who studies the reproductive and sexual practices of sentient species with two or more genders. Yes there are species with more then two genders, in fact, the ZipFrIX of Flatwous IV have fifteen genders if you count the prickly VibriX – but prickly VibriX only participate in ZipFrIX practices that are so kinky they would are banned in the Galactic equivalents of Las Vegas and Amsterdam. I actually made over 10 galactic pesos imitating a prickly VibriX for an orgy. That would be the rough equivalent of $10,000,000 for 20 minutes of sex. I was told I went too cheap. 

Hentai are particularly good as anthropologists for the Galactic Anthropology Sociology group of ASS (yes I know GAS and ASS – earth humor is so primitive). Anyway we are good because we are shape shifters. We can change our shapes to look like any gender of any species we have encountered so far. Also, Hentai are telepathic, so we know what other species are thinking. We can read their thoughts and record them on the experience recorder, so we know what a true member of the species feels and thinks. About 50 years after we begin to receive the first electronic emissions from a planet ASS is required by the Galactic League to commence studies of the planet's sentient species to determine if we should invite them to participate in the league. I got humans, which is a pity as Dolphins seem so much more fun.

My assignment for today was to imitate a 21 year old male college student attending a party at a local – I think you call them Ivy League – University across the river in a place called New Hampshire. I understand, however, that earth females are very sensitive to smells, unlike earth males. That trait, at least made them easy for the Hentai to understand. We have the equivalent of our orgasm through olfactory stimulation. On my first trip to Earth I collapsed into my natural gelatin state while in a bakery in Paris, France. The smell of all of those pastries and chocolate --- mmmm chocolate --- was overwhelming. I heard later that the owner and four of his staff were prescribed anti-psychotic medicines after they saw me writhing with pleasure on the floor. I now take drugs to suppress my sense of smell. If I did not have them, the scent of chocolate would have me crying out, as I am the Hentai equivalent of a moaner in bed.

I extracted myself from the manure pile, which required 15 minutes of burrowing through the muck to get all my equipment – my friend at ASS will love that recording. Thankfully I could clean off with the equipment that had been stored in the Mustang. Once clean, I drove down through White River Junction, across the Connecticut River and onto the campus of the esteemed Ivy League institution. I searched and found "Fraternity Row" and the "Delta" house.

I parked and reached out to examine the minds I found there. I was not surprised to find that they were all in various degrees of intoxication. This lead both genders to loosen any inhibitions they had about copulating. The problem was that the males and females seemed to be speaking different languages to convey their desires. The males seemed to be more intoxicated and they apparently thought that shouting "I NEED TO GET LAID!" was a good method for attracting a mate. The women, on the other hand, wanted to talk about feelings as a way of becoming aroused. I guess that would be the equivalent of smelling vanilla before the orgasmic wonderfulness of chocolate. I picked out several women and got a good idea of their ideal physical type – athletic with strong arms, a very tight butt, broad shoulders and a bit of a beard and longer hair. I adjusted my looks and walked into the party.

Several women immediately began looking in my direction. I avoided taking a drink. When we first began out studies a colleague assigned to study Earth's educational system had attended a college party where he consumed several glasses of something called "blow your lunch punch" and about 100 milliliters of something called "tequila." Alcohol is a solvent and not very good for a being who is naturally gelatinous, so he made quite a mess when he melted. The party guests were convinced that the punch had been spiked with LSD by the cleaning crew that arrived. 

I focused my attention on a small group of women socializing in one corner of the room. By earth standards the women were all lovely. I introduced myself to Maria, a dark haired beauty, Karen, who had natural red hair, and Elinor, a tall blonde. I noted their exact dimensions for my records. Maria was 1.62 meters tall – let me use local measurements – 5 foot 4 inches, with 32 DD, 22, 32 measurements. Karen was 5 foot 6 inches with 34 B, 22 30 measurements and Elinor was 5 foot 9 inches with 36 C, 24, 34 measurements. 

They drank beer and we chatted about feelings for some time. I must confess I was glad that I had taken my olfactory suppressors. Some of the men had begun to vomit from their drinking. I could sense the disgust the women felt. Taking my cue, I suggested we get some fresh air.

We walked towards their dorm, continuing to talk about feelings. This is strange for a telepathic species as we usually know how someone feels immediately. Also, some of these feelings were so obvious. Of course Karen was mad that she had only gotten a C on a paper. Why continue to talk about the obvious? I was not there to judge, however, but to participate and record, so we continued until I noticed something odd... my olfactory suppressor was wearing off. 

I noticed it when Elinor moved close to me and put her arm through mine... the smell of lavender in her hair. I like lavender. Next was Maria who smelled of tropical fruits and Karen who smelled of mountain meadows. I like those scents too. For a Hentai, this was the equivalent of a strip club. Part of me realized I should get out, get to my car and get a new dose of suppressant, but I was being seduced by the scents and I thought I could handle it. 

Elinor pointed out that we were close to their sorority house and asked if I wanted to come in. As this was my mission, I accepted.

As I entered I was immediately struck by the scent of a dozen roses in the hall. 

Karen looked at the attached note and snorted. "That asshole Michael thinks I'll take him back again. Never!" I absorbed the scent and felt my reproductive organs respond. Whatever Karen thought I would take back anyone who would give me that sort of scent all the time.

We proceeded into a secluded den where Elinor put on some music. I could feel that all of the women wanted to dance as part of the sexual ritual. I theorized that this was the next step in arousal, after talking about feelings. The four of us danced, moving our hips in imitation of sexual acts. This appeared to be another part of the sexual ritual, to simulate the act before engaging in it. 

Commencing the ritual of foreplay, Maria rubbed her breasts against my back while Elinor pressed her butt against the front of my trousers. Elinor has, in earth terms, a very nice butt showing much promise as a bearer of children. The tight jeans she wore displayed her butt nicely. I changed my form so that Elinor would feel the pressure of male arousal against her butt. She pressed back against the hardness and rubbed more, then took my hand and wrapped it around her waist. 

Karen cut in, pressing her thigh into my hard part and smiling in a devilish manner. I could read nothing but desire now in the thoughts of all three women. Karen turned and wiggled her butt for me to see. She wore a short skirt and had what I have heard called "nice gams" or very good legs.

Maria turned me around and pressed her chest into mine. Her hand slipped over the hard part in my pants and she purred. "I think we have a nice one here ladies."

Elinor turned my face and kissed me hard, sticking her tongue into my mouth. All three of the women were filled with desire, but each was slightly different. Karen wanted to be fucked fast and hard, Maria wanted Karen to lick her clit while I put my hard part into her, and Elinor wanted to ride me slowly. 

Karen, who was the most aroused was kissing my neck. She guided my hand to her legs, then between her legs to touch her warm, wet vagina. Maria was pulling down my pants and kissing and licking my hard part. I caressed Karen's vagina and continued to kiss Elinor when I smelled it, the musky clean scent of female arousal. The smell came from the wetness of their vaginas and the pheromones that poured from their bodies. I began to quiver, almost loosing my shape to overwhelming desire to SMELL. I focused. Keep the hard part hard! Keep the hard part hard! Keep the hard part hard! Put fingers inside Karen and play with her clit! Kiss Elinor and caress her butt!

"Maria, don't make him cum until I fuck him" Karen said. She stripped off her skirt and blouse while Maria and Elinor took off my clothes. Karen lay on the couch and spread her legs.

"Come here you!" she demanded. "Come here and fuck me."

I happily complied, having every desire now to be as close as possible to that scent and make more of it if possible. I could absorb the scent chemicals through my outer membrane, arousing me even more. 

Reading Karen's desire, I put her ankles over my shoulders and plunged my hard part into her vagina, pumping her hard and fast. I sensed Karen's need for additional stimulation so I guided Maria's had to Karen's clit. Elinor pressed her now exposed breasts into my mouth while Karen moaned and thrashed beneath me. Her arousal appeared to be reaching a peak as Maria rubbed her clit faster and I slightly increased the size of the hard part. Karen let out a moan and came, clenching her vaginal muscles on my hard part as I thrust harder into her. I loved the scents her body produced as she came. 

Maria positioned herself so that Karen's face was under her vagina but her entry was exposed for my hard part. 

"My turn" she purred. I sensed her desire to be filled by my hard part and complied, while my hands continued to reengage in the foreplay ritual with Elinor, by playing with her butt and tits. I pinched Elinor's nipples as I thrust into Maria. I could feel Karen's tongue as she lapped at Maria's clit. Maria was moaning for me to go faster, and I moved my hips as fast as possible for a bipedal species. The Fribrax male of Ganoran III can move their hips as fast as a vibrator used by a human female, but that is another story.

The scents the three women were producing were beginning to overwhelm me and I was close to loosing control of my solid shape. Maria was pounding back against me widely while Karen licked her clit. I let the sack portion of my male organ imitation slap against Maria's butt. To gain some control I kissed and licked Elinor's nipples. Maria's orgasm came on with a rush. She bucked and shuddered as she came once, then a second time. 

"OMIGOD! OMIGOD! OMIGOD!" she yelled, then "OOO STOP PLEASE! Too much! Too much!" I sensed the pleasure was almost too intense for her, so I withdrew. Elinor immediately took charge of me, pushing me onto the couch and straddling my hard part.

Elinor slowly lowered herself onto me and then slowly raised up again. I could see her juices glistening on my hard part and feel her scent arousing me more. I grabbed her butt... I sensed Elinor really liked to have her butt grabbed and, in the same motion, thrust my hips up into her while pressing her down on my hard part. She moaned with pleasure and began to grind against me. Karen had decided she wanted more so she lowered herself onto my face.

"Lick me good." Karen demanded. I complied, sensing exactly how Karen wanted her clit teased, then sucked, then gently bitten, then teased again. Soon Karen was moaning and thrusting down on my face. 

In the meantime, Elinor was playing with her clit while the temp of her thrusts increased. I could sense orgasms building again in both women when Maria began to kiss Elinor's breasts and play with her clit. Elinor climaxed hard. I sensed exactly what to do to Karen and teased just the right nerve endings. Karen screamed incoherently and came. 

"More! More! More!" Elinor moaned as she continued to ride me. I sensed her need as well and, with my finger, touched her clit in exactly the right spot.

She froze and sucked in air. "HUHHHOOOOO! GOD! YES!" as she came again shuddering and collapsing against Karen and me. 

The scent pf sex permeated the room and I blessed my training that I was lying down, or I would have collapsed in ecstasy. The three women panted as they recovered and we entered the part of the ritual called "cuddling." This lasted a few minutes when Elinor announced that she had an idea. She left the room and returned with a brown squeeze top bottle. I was still reveling in the sweet smells of sex to notice. 

"I have a treat for a special guy." She said. 

"OO FUCK NO!" I thought. "It is chocolate syrup!" 

Elinor slowly walked toward me, letting a drip of that most wonderful syrup fall on her finger. She licked it off sensually.

"UMMM I am not sure about that." I muttered.

"I think something as sweet as you deserves to be dripped in chocolate." Elinor purred. 

"Umm I am not sure"

"I am" said Maria.

Elinor poured a line of syrup down my chest and onto my hard part. Maria and Karen immediately began to lick my chest while Elinor licked and kissed my hard part.

The chocolate was immediately absorbed and I began to orgasm, shivering and melting. In some far off part of my mind, I sensed Karen and Maria thinking that I was quivering in pleasure. In fact, I was, but not the way they thought. Elinor was puzzled and stopped her sucking of my hard part, which had gone soft as I struggled to control the pleasure. I was melting.

"What is wrong?" Elinor asked. "Most men get even harder when I do that."

I was now completely lost. "More chocolate please." I managed to gasp. On an effort to get more, and in one last gasp of concentration before I completely lost all cohesion, I made the hard part hard again.

"O, of course." Purred Elinor. She turned the bottle upside down and poured it all over me. 

OOOO GOD the ecstasy! The pleasure! Waves of pleasure shimmered across me . A wave started at my feet and ran up my body like a tsunami and I lost my form. I degenerated to my gelatinous state to give the pleasure wave its proper intensity. I must have looked like a hot tub set on high as waves of pleasure bounced around my body. When two wave heights met the pleasure was twice as intense. 

One thing about a Hentai orgasm is that they last at least twenty minutes. Elinor had poured so much chocolate on me that mine had lasted 90 of your earth minutes. By the time it subsided the women had recovered from their shock and teams from the military and United States Homeland Security had arrived. I was still quivering with the after-shocks of my orgasm when they placed me into a 100 gallon barrel and took me to a military base in Lexington, Massachusetts, where I was then flown to Area 51. Thankfully this happens so often we have established a permanent opening to the cosmic rope burn express, so I was home soon. I was suspended without pay for a bit, but was told that I would be sent back to Earth soon as I was "the least incompetent Hentai available."