 Everyone in Megatropolis was calling it "the crime wave of the century". It had started out as just an irregular spike in crime, something barely worth mentioning on the evening news. But report it they did, and the angle they covered was how pressed the police and super heroes of the city were. The rest of the city's criminals took note and seemed to decide that if the authorities were already busy now was the time to go on a crime spree. Before long what started out as a normal spike in criminal activity had become the biggest crime wave in at least a generation. 

Weeks into the event and the crime didn't seem to be lessening. At the forefront of the battle against the seeming unending tide of criminals and super villains were the Megatropolis Amazons. As Megatropolis' official super team they were the ones called in when the police couldn't or wouldn't handle matters. 

Normally this meant being called in to deal with over powered super villains or well armed organized crime. But as the crime wave stretched on and crime seemed to be happening on almost every street corner the team was left stopping whatever they ran across. 

There were currently five members of the Megatropolis Amazons. Archbaroness is the purple clad leader and founder of the super team. With super strength, enhanced toughness that repelled most small arms fire and the ability to fly she is on the front lines patrolling the streets apprehending any criminals she could find and quick to respond to any hot spots that popped up. 

Less mobile but twice as strong and even tougher is Brickhouse. The hulking red woman was pounding the streets taking down more than her fair share of crime. The team points her at any villains that needed raw strength to defeat and away she goes, ready to smash her foes. 

Lab Rat and Psychia are both team members that normally stay behind in Freedom Tower, the Amazon's base of operations, as support members. But when times call for it they can take to the field with their sisters. 

Lab Rat, the team's resident tech genius, is patrolling the city in her suit of powered armor covered. Covered in weapons and protecting her from almost all harm the small mousy woman was doing her part to battle the crime wave. 

Even Psychia is on the streets. Of all the Amazons she is the least trained for combat, but as a potent telepath that can not only read but control the minds of others she is able to stop most altercations before they even begin. She is busy rounding up the harder to find leaders of the various criminal organizations, using her abilities to probe the minds of lesser thugs to ferret out the bosses locations. 

Finally there is Champion Girl. She is the newest and youngest member of the Amazons. Freshly graduated from The Academy, the superhero university, she lacks experience but makes up for it with youthful enthusiasm. 

The young Champion Girl is currently hot in pursuit of a van she suspects is owned by the Red Dragon Syndicate. Champion Girl doesn't know for certain but she has reason to believe the van is loaded with illegal drugs freshly arrived from the busy Megatropolis Docks. The fact the vehicle is speeding dangerously fast through the busy streets of downtown Megatropolis away from the flying heroine only increases her suspicions. 

She flies through the air, struggling to keep up with the van. Normally she could have flown fast enough to catch the van with ease but she is tired. They have been fighting crime almost none stop for weeks now with little to no rest most days and she is worked to near exhaustion. 

But I'll never give up, she thinks as she continues to chase after the van. They'll be no rest for any of the Amazons or even the city's other heroines till this accursed crime wave is over. 

Her cape whips through the air behind her as she passes over honking cars and sidewalks full of citizens. The cape is yellow, a shade brighter than the darker yellow of her tight, form fitting costume. With her arms stretched out before her and her legs straight behind her the citizens below can make out the contours of her thin, well muscled body as she flies over them. She looks down on their faces and gives the people a tired smile before returning her attention to the van before her. 

She is about a half a block behind the van. Sweat is pouring from her tired brow, soaking into her blond pigtails. She struggles to keep up, knowing she can't let the criminals escape. If she gives it her all she might be able to summon an extra burst of speed and catch up to and land on the van, but if she misses her landing she is afraid she would be left too drained to get airborne again. 

For now her plan is to just follow the van till it reaches its destination. That location, wherever it is, is sure to be full of armed Syndicate toughs, but they don't worry her. Aside from super strength that matches Brickhouse's and flight Champion Girl has another power: she is physically invulnerable. 

As such she isn't worried about any weapons that might be turned against her. Sure, being pelted with bullets will sting, maybe even hurt, but she won't be harmed by them. Her only real worry was if one or more of the Syndicate's super powered enforcers are present. Even with as tired as she is she is sure she could take out a hundred normal men armed with guns, but a super villain? She isn't sure she has the stamina for such a tough battle at the moment. 

In fact in this moment her worry isn't what lies at the end of the vans journey, it's the van itself. The driver and any other men inside are obviously aware that she is following them. And the longer she tails them the faster and more erratic their driving grows, posing an ever increasing risk to the drivers and pedestrians they speed past. 

She watches as the van takes the next corner far too sharply. The pedestrians waiting to cross the road won't be able to act fast enough to get out of the way, she thinks in alarm. Acting out of pure instinct Champion Girl shoots forward, flying so fast that she is but a blur. 

In less than a second she is in front of the van with her arms stretched out to her sides. She flies into the crowd and knocks them all out of the way just in time to avoid the van as it comes careening around the corner. She tumbles onto the ground on top of the civilians she has just saved, her ears filled with screams of alarm and pain of those under her. 

As she gets back to her feet her legs feel wobbly. "So weak... so tired," she mutters. 

"You dumb bitch, you almost broke my leg!" one of the woman she just saved says. As the rest of the people get to their feet they start to scream abuse at Champion Girl as well. 

They don't realize I just saved their lives. And I don't have the time to explain it them, the van is getting away! Champion Girl jumps weakly into the air, once again becoming airborne. However, she is flying much slower now. And she is much lower to the ground, able to only keep an arm's reach above the people and cars she flies over. 

Fuck! I'm sure to lose the van at this speed. I just can't fly any faster! Wait, the van, it's slowing down! Does this mean they are nearing their destination? 

The tired heroine quickly looks around her, actually paying attention to her surroundings for the first time since she began chasing the van. We are deep in the Financial District. This is an area of town known for expensive properties and heavy foot traffic. What it's not known for is being full of criminal hideouts, so why are they slowing down? 

Even at her slow flight speed she is quickly catching up to the van now. She watches as one of the back doors swings open and a man pops out the back. He is wearing black leather jacket. She can't see the back but Champion Girl knows that there is a red dragon embroidered on it. 

That confirms it, this fan IS full of Red Dragon goons, she thinks, knowing that all the members of the Syndicate wear jackets just like that. 

The man is holding onto the closed door beside him with one arm to keep from falling out. In the other arm he holds a strange looking gun. Champion Girl watches as he points it at her and suddenly realizes they must have slowed down to open fire on her. 

She is tired, both physically and mentally. Almost too late her brain process that the strange looking gun is a dart gun. She sees the man smile then fire up at her. Champion Girl barely acts fast enough to dodge out of the way as the dart comes flying towards her. As she turns her body out of the way the world seems to move in slow motion and she watches the dart passes just inches in front of her face. 

She sees that the dart is actually a drug filled syringe of some kind. Fuck! Who knows what the hell kind of drug they are firing at me... I'm going to have to either knock that guy out or abandon my chase; I don't want to get hit with whatever is in those darts. 

She flies forward through the air, lifting her arms out in front of her. She watches as the van slows down even more, obviously trying to help the man in the back aim better. Because of this Champion Girl starts to close in on the van again. She lowers her head and clenches her hands into tight fists. She plans on using herself as human battering ram. 

The man fires another drug filled dart at her and she dodges out of the way. The man looks annoyed and is aiming to fire again when the van makes a sudden and sharp turn. He almost loses his balance and tumbles out the back door, but manages to right himself within the van. 

Champion Girl draws ever closer, evening out her flight pattern after she makes the turn. She puts on a little more speed just before impact. Mere moments before she slams into the Syndicate goon he regains his composure and fires another dart at Champion Girl. She pulls up and over the dart. She continues to fly forward after the van, but is now in an upright position giving the illusion that she is floating standing up behind the van. 

Up until that point Champion Girl has only seen the gun fire slowly, so she suspects she has some time before it can be fired again. She is disastrously long. The Syndicate goon smiles a sickeningly evil grin at her and immediately fires the gun again. The dart closes the small distance between them and impacts Champion Girl's chest. 

A squeak of alarm leaves her mouth as the dart's needle pierces her costume and painfully enters the soft flesh of her small breast. A moment later she feels a cold liquid inject into her, causing the skin around the needle to flair up in intense pain. She screams and rips the dart from her chest, discarding it to the side. 

Champion Girl falls from the air, landing on the pavement of the road and tumbling like a rag doll. The car behind the van swerves out of her way but the vehicle behind it is caught off guard and runs the young heroine over. She screams in pain but as soon as she is out from under the car's tires she manages to leap back into the air. 

She takes back off after the van. Champion Girl can see that the Syndicate man is surprised to see her up so fast after being ran over. Raising her arms again she begins to speed after him, her tired body now surging with angry adrenaline. She watches as the surprise on his face turns to fear as she nears him. 

As she approaches him she realizes the intense pain in her chest isn't from the car that ran her over, but instead from the dart. As the drug hadn't knocked her out she had quickly forgotten about it. But now, with the cool wind blowing over her body as she flies after the van, she is intensely aware of the pain in her chest. Her breasts feel like they are on fire, her flesh feeling more tender and sore with every second that passes. It feels like her costume is digging painfully into her breasts.  

She looks down at her chest to check and see if maybe her costume has been pulled into a weird angle after she was run over by the car. Her eyes grow large in alarm as she sees that her small b cups have swollen big enough to bulge out and completely fill the chest of her tight costume. 

Shit, the dart had a breast growth drug in it, she thinks. 

She looks back up at the goon in the van. He is no longer looking at her with fear, but instead is leering at her growing bust. He drops the dart gun onto the floor of the van and holds both his hands up to his chest, cupping imaginary breasts. Then he moves his hands away from his chest, acting as if the imaginary breasts were growing. He laughs derisively while pointing at Champion Girl. 

She tries to put on a burst of speed to catch up to the van and finally feel the satisfying impact of her fists on the man's face but her flight pattern veers wildly down towards the ground. She manages to pull up before she impacts the pavement, flying up and to the right. She rights her flight pattern above the citizen filled sidewalk instead of the middle of the street. 

Her growing breasts are now painfully constricted by her tight yellow costume. She continues to fly after the van on pure instinct, but consciously all she can think of is alleviating her constricted flesh. She reaches up and rips the front of her costume open. 

Her still growing breasts come spilling out, hanging heavily down below her. As they do one of them slaps a bystander in the face, knocking the stunned woman to the ground. Champion Girl pulls up, flying a little higher so as to avoid hitting anyone else. She turns around and yells, "Sorry," behind her at the woman on the ground. 

Her breasts continue to grow. The added fleshy bulk weighs her down, literally pulling her lower towards the crowd she is flying over. She looks in front of her, trying to keep her attention on the van as she grits her teeth through the red hot pain of her breasts swelling and continuing to grow ever larger. 

"Woot, super tits coming our way!" a man half a block away shouts out. Champion Girl looks down at the man just in time to see him leap up into the air, reach his arm up into the sky and slap one of her now over large dangling breasts. The loud, heavy handed slap sends pain shooting through her over sore flesh and causes her to spin around like a cork screw. The large breasts swing out wildly as she spins causing the crowd below her to cheer at the sight. 

As she rights herself she finds more men jumping up trying to slap her tits. She tries to dodge their hands but there are just too many and she is unable to pull above their reach. Her swollen breasts are painfully slapped over and over again. She continues to try to pull up and away from the crowd but her adrenaline is wearing off and she is growing too tired to do so. Finally one of the slaps hits her sore tit so hard that it sends her flipping through the air and landing heavily on her back. 

She lay on the ground for a moment, aware that her now ridiculously large breasts are bare and exposed. She feels them fluidly sagging down her sides and knows the crowd around her is eagerly taking in the sight of her exposed bosom. There is a flash of light quickly followed by others as the crowd takes out their cell phones and begins to snap pictures of her. Champion Girl groans, knowing social media will soon be flooded with pictures of her with overlarge, exposed breasts. 

She starts to get up on her knees, for the moment doing everything she can to ignore the large breasts hanging down her front. At least my girls have seemed to stop growing... No way I can keep after that van now. I'm too tired and besides, they've publicly humiliated me. I need to just get back to Freedom Tower and rest till this breast growth drug and the shame its caused wears off... 

The crowd around her pulls in closer. They are all yelling sarcastic thanks for the show and continuing to take pictures. She looks up at their faces and sees that they are all men, well dressed in expensive suits. The men that man the Financial District's many banking conglomerates are known for their rampant sexism and all around sleaziness. Champion Girl knows landing down in a crowd of these men is one of the worst things that could happen to her in her current state. 

Getting to her shaky, tired legs she looks down the street past the men expecting to see the van speeding around the next corner. Instead she is surprised to see that the van has stopped. The Syndicate goon is still standing in the back of the open van, armed now with another gun. As soon as he sees Champion Girl look at him he fires it. 

The exhausted and humiliated heroine watches as a large canister flies up through the air then begins to head down towards her. Its top pops off and a thick cloud of some kind of gas starts to spray from it. Her reflexes are dulled to the point of near inaction as the canister lands next to the exposed heroine and envelopes her and the crowd of men around her in potent smelling gas. 

Champion Girl feels her tired and sore body explode in pleasure as an orgasm bursts from between her legs. She falls back to the ground, landing face down on top of her massively enlarged and sore breasts. She convulses as the intense orgasm continues to wrack her body. She cums so hard she sees stars and almost blacks out. 

As the orgasm starts to subside Champion Girl feels even more exhausted. Like most woman with an active Power-Gene if she cums hard enough it can leave her feeling weakened, maybe even temporarily depowered. The young heroine is sure she will be left powerless for some time, and with as tied as she already is she finds herself lucky to be left awake after cumming this hard. 

The moment her body is finished coming down from her orgasm she feels a second, slightly less intense one explode and over take her senses. She shudders as the pleasure shoots through her body once again. She manages to look up and sees that the crowd of men around her are all on the ground just like her, writhing in pleasure as they too cum in their pants. 

That gas canister was an O-bomb! She thinks as she fights to regain her composer, but she knows she won't be able too. Not for some time. 

An O-Bomb is an aerosolized delivery system for the drug Libidonol. The drug was developed by the IntelliTek Corporation as a kind of super Viagra that could work on both sexes, but even in extremely low doses it was found to be too strong for the public. So of course, like all IntelliTek creations not fit for public use, it found its way onto the black market. 

O-Bombs pack enough Libidonol to effect a large crowd. As Champion Girl and the writhing men around her are now experiencing the first effects of the drugs are at least one forced orgasm. But the drug does far more for that... It will leave all who inhale the gas in a state of uncontrollable sexual lust. As their orgasms subside and they are able to act once again they will begin to fuck the nearest person they are attracted too, and will continue to fuck until the drug runs its course or, more likely, they pass out from exhaustion. 

Champion Girl feels her second orgasm washing aware. But even though she has just cum twice the sopping wet slit between her legs aches for release once again. Her mind addled by the drug she looks up and sees a man laying on the ground near her. Her eyes zero in on the bulge of an erection sticking up in his pants, a wet stain spreading out from it. She licks her lips, hungry to taste the man's cock and semen. She quickly crawls towards him, her over large breasts dragging across the filthy sidewalk. 

Once she reaches him she immediately attacks the crotch of his pants, ripping them open with what remains of her super strength. Her eyes light with desire as a hard cock is revealed covered in messy cum from the man's first orgasm. She falls upon it, sucking at it hungrily, enjoying the strong bitter taste of the man's cum in her mouth. He moans in pleasure as she gives him head with total abandon. Before long the man's hard cock quivers in her mouth and releases another load of cum. Champion Girl drinks it down hungrily. 
