 A goddess waging war against an invasion of demons wanted to summon a mighty warrior to help her out in her battle but instead summons quite the opposite of what she wanted. However, when this strange dimension gives the unremarkable man a cock to match any stallion, she might be in over her head.

This story contains transformation, mind control and impregnation

---

John Doe was frustrated.

Another blind date gave him an instant 'next!' after seeing him in person. Feeling depressed about it, he was on his way home through the park at night.

With a height 5.9 feet and a weight of a whopping 260 pounds, he was truly a sight to behold, but for all the wrong reasons. It really was a shame, because except for his extreme weight, he took care of his body. The 27 year old made sure that he showered regularly and wore decent looking clothing, considering how hard it was to find something in his size. All this didn't help him with the ladies though. He wasn't a bad guy or some kind of asshole. He could he witty and charming if he tried, had a decent paying IT job with a stable income, so money wasn't an issue, but how was he supposed to meet a girl, or even one day start a family, looking like he did? Of course he was still a virgin and besides the occasional strip club visit, he hadn't even seen a woman naked in real life. All he had was the internet and his personal porn collection to blow off some steam and frustration. Something he was planning to do once he would get home...

The park he walked through was mostly empty, which was not that unusual at a late evening time like this. The streetlights had already been on for some time and he tried to enjoy the warm summer evening, trying to distract himself from the recent humiliation. Not an easy task, given his situation...

'That's the fourth time I got ditched this month!' he thought, 'Goddammit! I will never meet a woman who likes me, looking like this...

But that was all about to change. From one second to the other, the lights in the park started flickering and soon turned completely dark. "Wait, why did the streetlights turn off now? It's way too dark in here. Just my luck again..." he said to himself. All of a sudden, there was something in front of him. Some kind of dark blue mist was blocking his view even more in the dark. "What the heck is going on?" The last thing he saw was a bright flash that blinded him and he tried protecting his eyes. When the dust settled, John was gone and not a spec of him remained at the park.

Little did he know that the life he had known so far was about to end...

---

Waika was desperate.

The goddess had planned this summoning ritual for months now. The margin of error was negligible and she was quite sure of herself. The mightiest warrior in all of reality? That sounded almost too good to be true. But she slowly but surely ran out of options, so this plan better work out, her rivals were growing stronger by the minute and time was of the essence!

'Time to begin,' she thought. And with that, she started reading the incantation out of her spellbook. The circle she drew on the floor started glowing, and a cloud of blue dust began forming in her room It was working! The mist got denser, and after a flash of bright light, she could finally start to see the outline of a person standing in front of her.

---

John removed his hands from his eyes, the bright light slowly disappearing. When he could see straight again, he found himself in a strange looking room. This wasn't the park anymore! He was standing in a circle made out of blue dust on the floor, and he could make out the frame of a woman in front of him.

The woman in front of him looked absolutely stunning! She seemed to be in her late 20s, was about 5.8 feet tall and had straight, blonde hair that was so long that it almost touched the floor. She had a pale skin tone and big, honey brown eyes. She was wearing a short, white dress and a necklace made of emeralds. On each of her arms she was wearing two round, golden bracelets. John also noticed that the woman was barefoot and was not even wearing a bra!

She began to speak, "Welcome, oh mighty warrior! It is I, Waika, who brought you here from your home, far away. This world needs your help, oh noble wa-... wait a second..." She could now clearly see she shape of the person that was standing in front of her. A sad looking, heavily overweight man. Clearly not what she was expecting to see! "Who the heck are you?! You don't look like a warrior at all. Speak, who are you?!"

John was taken aback by the strange situation he found himself in and needed a moment to realise that he was being talked to, "My name is John Doe and I could ask you the same thing: Who are you? What happened to me?" He was still somehow disoriented but didn't feel that he was in imminent danger, so tried to calm himself down for now.

The woman continued, confusion and a bit of displeasure known in her fair features, "Well, at least you seem to understand me. I am Waika, one of the many goddesses of this realm."

John blinked, "Goddesses? What is this, a prank?"

"Silence, let me finish!" Waika commanded angrily, the small displeasure turning into complete disdain at what she was seeing before her, "This ritual was supposed to summon 'the greatest warrior in all of existence' and what do I get for my efforts? A fat loser like you! Disgusting!"

Waika huffed at the bad fortune that had fallen into her lap, crossing her arms in frustration. Now how in the world was she supposed to save everyone from complete annihilation? Her nemesis was on the verge of creating and completing an unstoppable army that would bring ruin to all of the land, yet here she was stuck with this fat pig!

The golden haired goddess turned back to her supposed 'warrior' with the same disgust as before which could be seen in her gorgeous brown eyes: "Consider yourself lucky, it's not every day that a mere mortal like you is able to lay their eyes upon me, especially one with your... size," she sneered. Waika tried her best not to be insulting (with little success), but on the inside, she was like a raging bull, mad at herself for screwing the spell up.

'Why did it have to be this blob of a man? I've wasted so much time and energy preparing the ritual and now I got nothing to show for it! DAMMIT!' She tried collecting her thoughts and after she had calmed herself down, she spoke again, "Oh well, since I am a benevolent goddess, I might as well send you back where you came from," Waika stated in defeat, rubbing her forehead. At the very least she should dispose of the evidence of her complete and shameful failure before trying to come up with a new plan to save her world from her ever growing enemy.

John took a deep breath, wanting to respond to the insults spewed at him, but the moment he took the air in, his fate was sealed. His legs suddenly gave out and he fell down to his knees. His body suddenly felt like it was on fire! The pain was almost unbearable, as if his lungs were about to collapse. What was happening to him? All he did was take a deep breath! His blood started boiling and and he felt the insides of his body twisting and turning. He gasped, "What the fuck, It hurts! Argh..." His skin felt incredibly tight and something was happening to his crotch area, as if a thousand needles were pricking his penis and testicles.

Overwhelmed by the painful sensations, John collapsed on the floor and lost consciousness...

Neither John nor Waika had any idea that this dimension's atmosphere had drastic effects on humans from John's homeworld. While laying unconscious on the ground, John's body started slimming down, making him lose some of his excessive fat reserves while his skin remained firm. But even more severe was the effect on his genitals! His penis grew immensely, rivaling the size of a horsecock and his testicles swelled to the size of apples. Since he was still wearing his XXL clothes, these changes weren't apparent to Waika yet.

"Great, now this freak collapsed. What should I do?" She stated to herself, rolling her eyes and tapping her finger to her chin. Well, she couldn't just leave him there now, could she? No matter how frustrated she was at the sight of this fat pig, she just couldn't find it in herself to leave the fool sprawled across the floor helpless like that, her moral compass demanding that she do something to help the miserable man before her feet.

"Even though you are useless to me, I can't just leave you there on the floor. Let's place your fat ass somewhere else, shall we?" Waika sighed. She grabbed his disgustingly large legs and began to drag him over to her bedroom. Something was weird though. Was he getting... lighter? 'Nah, probably just my muscles getting used to his weight...'

---

John woke up in a huge bed with teal coloured, silky sheets. How did he get here? Did that woman who claimed to be a goddess help him? After gaining his orientation back for the second time since he got here, he noticed her sitting next to him on the bed.

Waika began to speak, "Can you hear me, John? Listen, as much as a huge burden you literally are to me and my plans, I still feel partially responsible for what happened to you." A bit of worry crept through that cold facade of hers, "How do you feel?"

"I feel... great, actually!" John was slowly realising that he wasn't the same person anymore. His body had changed for some reason. His belly didn't feel that bloated anymore and when he looked down at himself, it seemed like he lost about 40 pounds of bodyfat! How was this possible?

John panicked, "What did you do to me?!"

"N-Nothing, I swear! I am just as surprised as you are. Also... what is that?!"

"What is what?"

"Down there, you idiot!"

Waika hadn't noticed at first because of John's wide and loose clothing, but now she clearly saw it. There was a big bulge inside of John's pants! Whatever force in the universe that was responsible for slimming down his body down must have also increased other parts of it in size!

"Erm, were you always this... massive down there?" Compelled by some unknown force, Waika's eyed widened as she was slowly pulling down John's pants.

"H-Hey, what are you doing? Ever heard of privacy?" But John's words fell on deaf ears, as Waika continued to free John's member from its fabric prison.

His cock swung forward, a momentous slab of cock meat that dwarfed all sanity and reason. As long as a man's forearm and as thick as her wrist, the immense shaft already drooled long strands of precum from it's inches long urethra. It was a cock that boggled her mind and sent tingles of raw desire up her spine as it bobbed up and down in front of her.

John was in shock. What in the hell had happened to his junk? It looked and felt massive and even a horse would have become jealous of the sheer size of the monolithic manhood he was looking down at. All of this had to be a long nightmare that he wasn't waking up from! But it all felt too real to be a dream. He didn't know what to think anymore. What if everything Waika said was true, and he really was in another world? And if so, why shouldn't he show off his newfound body? The self-proclaimed goddess didn't seem to mind, so why should he?

With his cock out in the open now, the semi erect member had an immediate effect on Waika. Taking in its musk, she immediately felt intoxicated with sexual desire. Her body acted accordingly and she felt a damp spot in her panties. This massive dick in front of her looked just looked so... virile and manly! Her lips trembled with lust. What was happening to her? Was she losing her mind?

As a goddess who could summon anybody she wanted to her bedchambers, how could this human have such an effect on her mind and body? She was desired by countless mortals, but the other way around? The sheer sight of John's member made her breathe heavy against her will, but why would she even WANT to look at this hopelessly overweight man's junk? Some kind of primal desire must have been forcing her to act and it was slowly but steadily taking over her mind!

"So, John... have you always been this... large? Oho! Somebody is happy to see me~!" she sneered playfully.

John couldn't believe it! A woman was actually looking at his penis and not being disgusted after all these years of failure? He realised how close Waika's face was now to his cock, and the lewdness of the whole situation was making him erect.

Waika was trying her hardest to resist, but she couldn't control the words that came out of her mouth, "So... do you need any help with that? I certainly can't send you home in your current condition, now can I?" Her honey brown eyes that were previously filled with revolt were now replaced with eyes full of wanton lust for the absurdly large cock in front of her face.

John could see that the coldness in Waika slowly vanished. How could this be? Just minutes ago, this woman was disgusted by his looks and would have kicked him right back to whatever godforsaken (or not so godforsaken after all) place she found him. And now she wanted to 'help' him with this 'condition'?

Waika continued, "I think I might know the answer already, considering your looks, but let me ask you this: Have you ever been... intimate with a woman before?"

John just shook his head, being visibly embarrassed about that question.

"N-No, I haven't."

John looked at Waika again and he slowly realised how beautiful she really was. She had a perfect face, with the body of a, well, goddess to boot. Her outfit was like something out of a fantasy game and it was accentuating her most beautiful features perfectly. Her hair impossibly long, her breasts firm and perky, her legs endless like her hair. Since she wasn't wearing a bra, he could make out the round form of her breasts clinging to the thin fabric of her dress, almost was if they were begging to be released from their tight prison. This beautiful woman, although rude as a vile witch, claimed to be a goddess? Well, she certainly had the looks down!

John realised that all of this wasn't just happening out of pure chance. His changed appearance must have had an arousing effect on her, slowly turning her on more and more. Even if this whole scenario turned out to be a dream after all, he didn't care anymore. His own desire was rising as well and he just had to give in! His body felt like it was on a different kind of fire now. His new body yearned to be touched by this sexy and sultry woman. If all the regular women from his world hated him, he might just had to settle with this gorgeous one from this strange world instead!

He asked her, "Are you sure you want to do this? I thought you hated my looks?" John still had some lingering doubts left in him. Was she playing with him after all? Or was he really about to lose his virginity after all these years of trying to get together with a girl?

"You worry too much. I DID offer my help, didn't I? I am just... curious to what other changes might have occurred to your human body, that is all!"

Waika was now taking in more of John masculine scent, making her body shiver, her desires and instincts betraying her. It was something she hadn't felt in decades! It was like a tight knot was forming inside of her body, begging to be released. Was this... lust? The urge to be touched, the urge to mate, the urge to... procreate?! How could she have those feelings in the presence of a mere mortal such as this obese creature? She was a goddess, for Pete's sake! But still, she felt shivers all over her body.

John was getting cockier now: "Oh really now? What about me being a disgusting slob or a fat pig? And now you want my dick inside of you?"

"Hnng! I know what I said earlier, you fool! Would you please stop with your sarcasm? I am sorry, ok? I regret what I said about you and your body. Please, just... hnng!" She couldn't take it anymore, her body working against her will. She just had to touch and feel this perfect example of male virility! Seeing her obvious plight, John decided to give in and let it happen, "Alright, you can do what you want with me."

With shaky hands, Waika was caressing John's giant member, meticulously playing with it. She especially focused on the engorged cockhead, beat red and oozing with precum. She never had a cock in her hand that was THIS enormous! But not just his cock was interesting to her, his balls were swollen and it looked like they were teeming with life giving seed! She freed one of her hands up to give those apple sized testicles a gentle squeeze. John acted accordingly, letting out a moan of excitement. For the first time in his life somebody else besides himself was giving him a handjob!

Waika was content with her work for now and wanted to use her mouth next. She needed to have a taste of this delicious looking man meat! Could she even take it all in her mouth? The urge to savor the salty precum of this massive monument of masculinity in her mouth quickly brushed these thoughts of doubt aside. Time to find out if she was up to the task! Waika moved her head closer, sticking her tongue out like a kid happy to get a lollipop in her mouth!

Her skillful tongue was sliding over every little ridge of his engorged cock, making it slick with saliva and precum. John's world began to spin! He hadn't felt this good in his whole life! His cock was getting hard as a rock, twitching with excitement and growing an additional inch. As by remote control, he was now grabbing her head, trying to push his cock even deeper down her throat! Waika had a hard time keeping up with the forced intrusion of this delicious cockmeat, her eyes starting to water in the process.

The taste of John's precum was like the strongest fertility drug imaginable for Waika, turning her view hazy and filled her mind with nothing but the desire to be fucked and bred!

'Oh wow, this tastes so wonderful! My body is on fire... it needs his seed!'

John let go of her and Waika raised her head again, her pretty face now smudged with globs of clear precum, sweat and tears, yet still smiling. She certainly was the goddess of giving head and shit eating grins!

"John, please! I can't take it anymore! My pussy feels so empty, I need your cock inside of me, right now!"

Waika climbed on top of John and reached behind her head to open up her tight dress. With a flick of her wrist, her dress opened up and gave John a close view on her magnificent and bountiful breasts. Her wet panties were the next thing to go, already soaked from her gushing juices.

"You might have lost some weight, but you still are like a turtle on its back," she purred, helping John taking his pullover off and removing his pants and underwear completely. Even though her mind was fogged by lust, she still had some sass left in her. "Since I am a far superior being, I should be on top, don't you think~?" This was the first time that John heard these words spoken to him. Seeing her totally naked and willing to have sex with him after all these years of being rejected by women was like a dream come true!

The goddess was now mounting her designated mate, her moist pussylips aligning with the phallic object of her desire. Using her strong legs, she was now slowly sinking down, John cock slowly being engulfed in divine pussy!

Waika gasped, "Ohh, it's so huge, it will break me apart!"

She couldn't remember the last time she felt so full! Even a divine pussy like hers had some problems accommodating to the sheer size of John's member. His older self would have come almost right away, being kind of a premature ejaculator, a shameful topic that he usually liked to avoid. But from now on it would all be different! With his new cock and huge balls, he felt full of energy, feeling that he could endure at least a dozen of fuck sessions without going limb! With his free hands, he grabbed Waika's free swinging breasts, putting her nipples between his fingers. She loved to be touched there, her breasts sending a wave of pleasuring electricity through her body.
