 Thanks a lot for your patience, my readers! The second chapter of my story took way longer than I was expecting. The length increased more and more, so I decided to split it up to give you a small teaser, so to speak. Don't worry, I have already written most of the next part, so I won't need as much time for the next part. Enjoy!

*****

John opened his eyes after a good night's sleep, feeling really good about himself for some reason. What a strange dream he had! Getting summoned by a self proclaimed goddess, his body transforming into that of a sex machine and then getting fucked by said goddess? He must have been really backed up to have had such a naughty dream. And it all felt so real, too!

"Ah, finally woken up, darling~? Good morning!"

"Ah, yes, good morning... Erm, what? Who is there...?"

Startled by the unexpected voice, John looked down at himself, only to notice the gorgeous blonde haired woman from his dream laying next to him, totally naked, her arms hugging his body, her exposed boobs squeezing against his torso. His eyes opened up wide at the sight of the beauty next to him. He panicked, quickly rising up from his horizontal position and letting out a shocked "Holy hell!" On his way up, he clumsily hit the blonde in her face by accident with his elbow.

"Ow! Hey, what's the big idea?! Is that a way to greet your new wife? You damn klutz!" was all that John could hear her say, while she holding her reddened cheek and rubbing it with her hands. Wait, what did she just say there? Wife?! It all came back to him now. He remembered her voice, her scent, her body... oh dear. Slowly but surely, John came to the realisation that this wasn't a dream after all, this was all real! The woman next to him holding her face in pain was Waika, the goddess who had summoned him to this realm and apparently, also his future spouse. 

"Sorry, that was an accident. I was just... surprised, that is all! I still can't believe that all this happened to me. WHY did it happen to me? And most important of all, why are you calling yourself my wife? Is it because..." John suddenly remembered the vision he had the moment he and Waika climaxed together during their passionate lovemaking. He had somehow been able to witness with his own eyes how Waika conceived his babies!

"Yes, my dear! What can I say? Your little swimmers found their targets and I can already feel new life growing inside of me! Isn't that wonderful~? You are going to be a father! It's just natural for the two of us to become engaged, wouldn't you agree?" Waika was now gently rubbing her exposed belly, already relishing in warm, motherly feelings for her unborn children. She could see the baffled and slightly worried expression in John's face, which caused her to become fairly amused, "Teehee, don't worry so much, it's all good. I love the idea being the future mother of your kids! And besides... your powers will make sure that they will grow up in a world without the looming threat from the demonic army."

John couldn't believe that Waika was just accepting all of this so easily! They had literally just met yesterday! This wasn't normal... All of this must had been caused by his sudden transformation. His huge cock seemed to have totally brainwashed the naked woman next to him. Was it right for him to just go along with it all and abuse these powers? He looked down on his body, still not fully believing his new and 'improved' appearance. Even though his penis had become flaccid again, it was still impressive in it's length and girth, dwarfing any other man's junk in comparison, a sliver of pride washing through him.

He suddenly remembered his old life at home. A day hadn't even passed since he got here, but it all felt so distant to him already. He remembered that Waika had said something about sending him home, but was that even possible in his current condition? And... would he even want to go back? Back home, he was just a fat loser who had no luck with the fairer sex, getting ridiculed on a constant basis. But here, he had everything he ever dreamed of. Here, the hottest woman in the world was laying right next to him in a giant bed covered with the finest sheets, fawning over him, willing to fulfill his every wish... The reflexions about his situation didn't last long, however, as the sweet sound of Waika's voice released him from his thoughts and brought him back to reality, "Mmh, seeing your wonderful cock exposed like this... it gives me all kinds of naughty ideas, you know? Want to have some morning fun~?"

Waika was moving her lascivious, curvy body towards John, her soft skin sliding over the silky sheets. Her gentle hand traveled over his exposed thigh, stroking his skin with gentle brushes of her fingers, whispering in his ear, "Do you want me to continue?" All that John could do was nod in agreement, not able to resist her charms. He was still not used to being the center of attention for women and his insecurity was clearly visible in his face, "Lay back and enjoy, I want to see again how big your little friend can get~!"

Waika was now placing her hand on John's member, gently rubbing the base of his slowly awakening cock. John could feel the blood rushing to his groin area, his massive phallus once again hardening and starting to grow.

"Please, be careful. It feels really sensitive right now."

"Oh, come on now. This is the tool that knocked me up with twins! I am sure it can take a beating", Waika cooed, throwing a cheeky smile towards John.

Waika moved her hand along John's shaft, slowly speeding up, getting faster and faster. The engorged tip of his cockhead was already covered in small beads of precum, giving the mischievous goddess enough lubricant to make his hole shaft slick and shiny. John was starting to breathe heavier now, visibly enjoying the handjob Waika was giving him, her skillful fingers traveling over every little bump and ridge. He could feel the pressure in his testicles rise up, his heavy balls already preparing a new batch of fresh seed.

Waika's eyes flared up as she witnessed how John's cock grew in size even more, large veins becoming visible through its firm skin, "Mmh, this is fantastic! So strong and virile! Yes, you will ensure our victory John, I am 100% sure now!"

John would have loved for Waika to go on forever, but before the sweet pain inside of his balls got too intense, Waika let go of John's cock, the large shaft pulsing in time with his heartbeat. John couldn't believe it, what a cocktease! 

"Why did you stop? You can't leave me like this!"

"Hehe, that's for hitting me in the face~! Don't worry, you will have lots of opportunities to spread your hot seed later. I have big plans for you, my love~!" All John could do was nod reluctantly, still breathing heavily, his brain filled with arousal. He was kinda disappointed that Waika stopped, but her words intrigued him, to say the least. What did she have in store for him? 

"Ok John, we have a busy day ahead of us. We need to get dressed and prepare for the arrival of my servants. I sent them away on a scouting mission to give us some new intelligence on the enemy's movements and they should return soon... And I think we should get you a new outfit as well. Your old clothes don't really 'fit' you anymore, wouldn't you agree?" Waika exclaimed with a slight chuckle in her voice. John looked over at the pile of clothes next to the giant bed, and he remembered that his recent transformation made them far too loose and baggy for him. "She might be right..."

John decided to finally get out of bed and in the meantime, Waika was already putting on her white dress and golden jewelry. John was able to get one final glance at her beautiful breasts and her round butt, which she was deliberately swaying back and forth, before her elegant clothes obscured her sensual features once again.

Fully clothed again, Waika seemed to be lost in her thoughts, talking to herself, "Hmm, what could we use... aha! I have JUST the perfect idea for a new outfit for you, you will love it! Just hold on a minute," was all that Waika said as she opened a large, wooden box at the end of the bed, in search for something that laid inside. After a short while, the goddesses eyes lit up, her full lips forming a smile, as she found what she had been looking for, "Ah, there it is! I always knew that keeping onto this thing would pay off in the end. Come here, time to get you dressed for the occasion!" John suddenly had a bad feeling about this...

--

"...I look ridiculous!"

"Ah, stop kidding yourself, darling! You look absolutely adorable! Pfft..." was Waika's response, her hand barely covering her chuckling mouth.

John was looking at himself through a whole body mirror in the bedroom, inspecting the new 'outfit' that the mischievous goddess provided him with. She had dressed him up in something that looked like a white toga, covering one shoulder and his big belly in white linen. Not exactly a respectful or flattering outfit, considering his rather burly body shape. He looked like a fat senator straight out of ancient greece! The only small comfort for John was the fact that Waika actually provided him with enough fabric to cover up his massive package between his legs. That fact alone wasn't of too much help though, as he still felt like some kind of costume party reject.

"Now that you are ready, we will wait for the arrival of my loyal servants in the audience chamber. I simply cannot wait to tell them about my ingenious plan, involving your wonderful cock!"

And with this, the odd couple made its way to said audience chamber, where the two angelic servants of Waika would hopefully soon arrive...