 Chapter 3: Meeting The Servants

John took a look around the large hall that Waika had let him to. The whole place reminded him of a medieval throne room, right out of one of the fantasy novels he loved to read. Red carpets were spread across the stone floors and there were at least six giant marble statues scattered across the room that closely resembled Waika in all sorts of heroic poses. Without saying a word, John put down a mental note and added 'narcissistic' to the list of character traits that the goddess possessed...

Besides the statues, the most eye catching object in the room had to be the large, golden throne in the middle of the audience chamber. John had never seen anything as decadent and bombastic like this before. The throne had red satin cushions for a seat and two large, sculpted wings spread out from each side, which gave the whole thing an otherworldly and divine appearance. The whole construct was way larger than the average person and John felt slightly intimidated by the sheer size and look of it. 'Yep, definitely narcissistic...' 

Waika wasted no time sitting down on her throne, crossing her lascivious legs in a comfortable position and spoke to John from her heightened position, "Pretty impressive, isn't it? It won't be long now until my servants will return. I think it would be for the best if you would just let me do the talking at first, my dear. Maka and Hamra can be quite...irritating towards strangers. Especially if they happen to, well, look like you. Sorry, darling."

John gave Waika a rather baffled look as as her words weren't really encouraging to him for what was to come next, 'Sounds like a certain goddess I know...' but nonetheless nodded in agreement. He thought that it would be better to not attract too much attention for now, so he decided to step behind the throne, trying to hide his burly body in the shadows the pompous object was throwing.

---

It didn't take long before the expected servants arrived. The doors at the end of the hall opened and John could make out two female frames slowly closing in from the other end of the room, coming closer with every step on the carpeted floor. Thankfully, the two beauties didn't notice John yet and focused their attention solely on Waika sitting on her throne as they made their way past the statues and approached their goddess. They stopped several feet in front of her and sank down on one knee to pay their respects to their goddess. It didn't take long for one of the two to start speaking,

"Your Benevolence, your loyal servants Maka and Hamra have returned."

"Ah, Maka, Hamra, my loyal servants, welcome back! We have already been expecting you. Please, report to me about what your findings regarding our enemy. Raise yourselves and report."

After the two women stood up again, John could take a closer look at them now. These two young ladies looked almost like identical twins, with their only difference being the colour and style of their hair, so it was obvious to him that these two had to be sisters. 

Maka had bright red-orange hair with a single ponytail flowing down her back while Hamra sported light blue hair colour with two shorter pigtails on either side of her head. They looked absolutely stunning, and any supermodel would have been jealous of their slim figures. They had spotless, fair skin and beautiful faces with big, blue eyes. Their dresses were similar to that of Waika, although they didn't wear nearly as much golden jewelry as their goddess. Instead, they each had accentuated their white dresses with red and blue ribbons respectively, matching their hair colors. John also noticed that they, just as their goddess, weren't wearing any bras underneath their dresses to protect their D-cup breasts. What was it with the women in this world refusing to wear any kind of breast support?! 

Their long legs were covered in black, knee high socks and on their feet they wore white, medieval looking sandals. From their outfits alone, John would have thought of them as some slutty cosplayers from anime conventions that any nerd would fawn over, but he had no reason to doubt that these two women were indeed the divine servants that they claimed to be.

Any man would have been head over heels over these beautiful young ladies and John wasn't much different. Looking at their hefty busts, he could feel the blood flowing into his crotch area, the thin white fabric of his toga stretching more and more around his massive erection. If only Waika hadn't teased him earlier! He moved even more behind the throne in hopes that nobody would notice his awkward boner.

Following the request of their goddess, the red haired girl began to speak once again, her voice full of concern as it filled the big hall, "Your Benevolence, Hamra and I have returned from our mission and we bring you some dire news. The Demon Queen has doubled her efforts and gathered more and more troops. She has ordered her generals to conceive a plan for the imminent invasion of our lands. It won't be long now until they will attack us, Your Benevolence." And with that, they both lowered their heads once again, awaiting the response from their goddess.

Waika listened to Maka's words for warning, but despite this, she didn't seem to be that much concerned. With a visible smirk on her face, she responded to her loyal servants, "I thank you for your report, but you don't need to be worried anymore. In your absence, I conceived a plan to get rid of the demon threat once and for all! The size of their armed forces will mean nothing, once we take out the key pieces of the Demon Queen's army, one by one! Think of it as a game of chess, my loyal subjects, and her generals are the pieces. The Rooks, Knights and Bishops will all yield to us before we will go after the Queen herself!"

The two angelic women looked surprised at the fact that her goddess sounded so confident after what they just reported and this time it was the blue haired Hamra chimed in, "Your Benevolence, that does sound like a bold plan, but how would we be able to accomplish that? The Demon Queen's generals are all dangerous demonesses who are also trained fighters. It would be next to impossible for us to defeat them all!"

"Easy, my loyal servants. While you were away, I performed the ancient summoning ritual that I told you about before you left. My goal was to summon the strongest warrior in all of existence to help us, and the ritual was a total success! The demonesses will stand no chance against his might!"

The eyes of Hamra and Maka opened up wide, visibly overjoyed by these news, "Oh, Your Benevolence, that is wonderful! Our kingdom can be saved after all? Please, when can we meet this mighty warrior? We want to get acquainted as soon as possible!"

"Oh, he is right here next to me. Meet your savior, John Doe!"

John blinked slowly, looking over to Waika with an irritated look on his face upon hearing her sudden declaration, "W-Wait, what? Warrior? Savior? Me?!" Without thinking straight, he stepped out of the shadows behind the throne, his overweight figure now on full display for Maka and Hamra to see. 

Their eyes were drawn towards John as they noticed him stepping out in the open, but just as fast as their eyes had filled with hope after hearing the words of their goddess, it disappeared just as quickly as it came and turned into shock, the moment they could get a closer look at the pathetic looking overweight guy dressed in a silly looking toga. Their goddess HAD to be joking! This fat blob was supposed to be the warrior?! The two angels were usually very calm and collected in the presence of their goddess, but now they just couldn't hold themselves back anymore.

"...Pffft, Hahahahaha!"

The sisterly servants were bursting out in laughter and the red haired Maka was the first one to spout some insults towards John, "You have got to be kidding, my goddess! This fat wimp, this blob of a man is supposed to be our savior?! What is he going to do? Steal the enemy's food reserves?" Now Hamra was joining in on the insults as well, "Is this one of your usual sick jokes again, my goddess? Just look at him! I have never seen a more pathetic and disgusting person in my life!" 

John's lowered his head in shame and his face became beet red, being visibly embarrassed by these cruel verbal abuse spewed at him. He was used to these reactions from women back home, but after his transformation, he had a glimmer of hope that maybe things would be different from now on. It seemed that he was wrong...

Waika's noble and friendly expression changed in an instant upon hearing these insults targeted at her future husband, her eyebrows furrowing more and more with each spoken word. Fierce anger was boiling inside of her, until it spilled out of her mouth, scolding her two unruly servants, "SILENCE! How dare you two imbeciles raise your voice against John in such a foul manner! You think I am joking? You dare to doubt your goddess? Young, prissy bitches like you have no right to question my judgment!"

The two sisters were now clinging to each other, their eyes filled with fear. They couldn't remember ever seeing their ruler this furious and feared for their safety. "M-my goddess, we are sorry we didn't mean to..." But Hamra couldn't finish her sentence, as Waika stood up from her throne, raising one arm with her clenched fist over her head in a threatening manner, the other arm pointing down at her cowering suspects while golden, magical sparkles were flowing from her fingertips, "SILENCE! You'll pay for your insolence! I should throw you out of here immediately! Or maybe I should put you into the dungeon instead, that will teach you two some manners!"

John knew that it was time to intervene. Even though he felt really miserable about the things that Maka and Hamra said about him, he didn't want them to get punished for it. He grabbed onto Waika's raised arm and tried to calm her down, looking deep into her honey brown eyes, "Waika, I thank you for defending me, but it's alright. You don't need to punish them. I am used to women who talk down to me like that," John sighed, being once more reminded of the shortcomings of his appearance, "Besides, you didn't react much different towards me when we first met."

The flame of anger in the eyes of the goddess slowly disappeared as she started to realise the truth in the words of her future husband. Lowering her hands again, the sparkles disappeared and she turned her view towards the terrified sisters below her and spoke once more, this time in her usual calm and collected way, "Be thankful that John is such a kind man! I have to admit that I too reacted to John in the same way you did when I first met him yesterday, but I soon realised the error of my ways. He may not look like it, but a certain body part of his holds immense power and in the end, it brought me the most intense pleasure that I felt in decades! I am of course talking about his large dick, my loyal suspects. His size matches the one of any stallion and filled me up completely! And not only that, he also provided me with the gift of motherhood. In other words: I am pregnant~!"

The two sisters slowly blinked, not yet fully grasping the true magnitude of the information that their goddess just shared with them. Then, their eyes opened wide and they both screamed in unison, "P-PREGNANT?! My goddess, are you insane?! How could this happen? You just met him yesterday and already let him lay with you without any care or precautions? How can you be so irresponsible?"

Waika was slightly amused about their reactions, thoroughly enjoying the baffled looks on their faces, "You still don't believe me and doubt my wisdom? Maybe you deserve a punishment after all..." She looked like she was lost in thoughts, tapping her finger to her chin. After a moment, her face lit up as the perfect idea for a 'punishment' crossed her mind, making her smile wickedly, "I think it's time to show just how...persuasive John can be. Besides, I need to be one hundred percent sure that his powers work on others as well. Let's go!"

All of a sudden, Waika grabbed onto John's attire and ripped it off his body with no warning what so ever, removing the white fabric that was covering his modesty in front of the still confused sisters. She had been feeling horny all day, and with this, she would be able to hit two birds with one stone! 

"H-Hey! What the hell is wrong with you?!" John desperately tried to cover his massive junk with his hands, but with little success. His colossal phallus was now on full display, rapidly bobbing up and down in all its glory, the rest of John's burly body looking relatively tiny in comparison. Looking at the sexy girls had given him an erection that was already larger than any man would be possible to muster, a thick vein visibly pulsing under its stretched skin. The engorged tip of his manhood was already glistening with precum, and John's huge, free dangling balls had recharged completely from their ordeal yesterday, once again being full of potent cum and itching to unload their virile contents! 

Maka and Hamra couldn't believe their eyes. How was it possible that such a pitiful excuse for a man could possess a cock that would make any stallion green with envy? Their held each other's hands, unable to keep they eyes away from this gargantuan phallus in front of them.

Unfazed by their reaction, Waika began to speak again, "My loyal servants... THIS will be the tool that will ensure our victory! No woman will be able to resist its charms! One by one, the demoness will fall victim to its intoxicating spell, turning them into brainless bimbos!" John and the sisters could hear Waika letting out a triumphant, snarky laugh which was echoing through the large hall. 

With his cock out in the open now, John's manly musk was once again spreading out, slowly filling up the large hall with its scent and mind altering pheromones, reaching the cute noses of Maka and Hamra. Their bodies reacted immediately, a flash of lightning hitting their brains and a heat igniting in the center of their bellies. They let go of each other's hands in order to hold onto their bellies, their senses getting totally overwhelmed by these sudden sensations. Hamra was able to get out some words of despair, "Wh-what is happening to me? I have never felt anything like this heat before. What is going on within my body? Ahh!"

Waika threw an impish grin towards her servants, quickly realising that John's powers were already at work. Her loyal servants had no idea of the plan that her dirty mind came up with and she could hardly wait to show them what she had in store for them. She would give her servants a show they would never forget, right here in her own audience chamber!

Filled with confidence, Waika purred at her future husband, "Come on, John. Let's make ourselves a bit more comfortable. Here, sit down on my throne and make yourself at home. You should feel honored, since I normally don't allow anybody besides myself to sit here, my love~!" Maka and Hamra were watching in shock, as Waika let John place his body on her royal throne. She really had become insane! Their goddess was letting this lowly human sit down on her holy throne?! If any other citizen would have dared to commit such heresy, they would have forfeited their life in an instant!

John tried to reason with Waika one last time, realising the absurdity of the situation, "Waika, are you sure you want to do this right now? This is insane, right on front of your servants!" 

"Oh come on now, it will be fun! Also, who are you to question a goddess and your future wife? Now, sit down already!"

John gave up trying to reason with Waika and did how she demanded. He sat down on the soft, red cushions, his imposing cock standing fully erect and pointing towards the ceiling. He had to spread his legs slightly to give his manhood and testicles enough space and not to constrict them. Even though he still felt slightly embarrassed about the whole situation, he uttered no more objections. He would have never admitted it, but sitting on the throne was wonderful, the elevated position feeling somewhat empowering to him.

Waika was now readying herself for the second lewd act of the day, as she took off her plentiful golden jewelry and placed it all carelessly on the ground next to her, much to the surprise of the two angels. The goddess they knew would never treat her divine ornaments in such a demeaning way. Her jewelry was not the only thing that was about to go, as she began to slowly take off her dress, letting it seductively slide down her body and onto the floor. She was totally naked now, not even a pair of panties covering up her most intimate spot! John stared at her clean shaven pussy with big eyes, his mouth wide open. Had she planned this from the very beginning?

"Hehe surprised? No panties this time, my dear! They would have just gotten in the way anyway." Waika playfully cooed. She was already wet, a thin line of her juices traveling down her leg, her wet pussy seemingly anticipating the things to come. Totally naked, she was now presenting her marvellous and sexy body in front of everybody, showing off her wonderful curves from every angle. Her luscious breasts were jiggling with every move, her huge, round butt swaying from side to side during every lascivious pose. 

Waika addressed her two shocked servants one more time before focusing all her attention on John's mighty phallus, once again sporting a mischievous smile, "Don't be jealous of my scorching hot body, my dear servants. Yours aren't half bad either~! Now, try to be some good girls and enjoy the show! Time to get this cock ready for some more action!" 

Waika sank down on her knees in front of her own throne, John's hardened man meat standing up directly in front of her face. John could see raw desire in her eyes as she opened her mouth wide, her greedy tongue sticking out, saliva already dripping down on the carpet below. She was hungry for this delicious cock! When her tongue finally touched the shaft of his penis, a small jolt of electricity went through his body, making him squeeze his eyes shut involuntarily. Waika's skillful tongue traveled over every little nook and cranny of John's large shaft, tracing along the lines of his pulsating, winding veins. All John could do was concentrate on the pleasure, his mouth forming a desperate O-Shape.

From time to time, her mouth engulfed his engorged cockhead, gently sucking and nibbling on the tip, her tongue quickly licking over his spread urethra, even as it oozed copious amounts of precum. Waika tried to urge him on even more between licks, encouraging him with some playful banter, "Mmh, no matter how often I have this piece of meat in my mouth, it's always delicious! You really are a stud, my love! Mmh... so strong... so virile..." Her words were starting to slur as Waika was relentlessly worked on John's masculinity, making his hands cramp, strongly holding onto the armrests of the throne he was sitting on. The way she worked his cock was even better than before, her tongue working every speck of his throbbing shaft with unparalleled skill.

His erect phallus wasn't the only thing worthy of the goddesses attention. She grabbed onto his massive balls with her delicate hands, working and massaging his heavy cum factories between her fingers, trying to entice them to increase their sperm production even more! John felt every squeeze and tug on his junk and felt like he was entering heaven. The pressure inside his cock and balls was rising more and more and he was quickly approaching his limits! The pressure was becoming unbearable and as if by instinct, he warned Waika about his impending orgasm, "Waika, I'm cumming!" 

As if on command, Waika stopped her oral assault on John's quivering shaft and squeezed the base of his cock HARD with both of her hands. John immediately let out a painful moan, his face visibly contorted, being forcefully denied of his oh-so-desired release, causing his heart to roar in his chest and sweat to run down his brow from the strain.
