 It didn't take long for John's batteries to recharge and his sex drive to return. After all, he had three hot and naked women laying at his feet, two of them outright begging to get fucked. 

Losing all sense of shame or morale, he grabbed onto his semi-erect cock, his hands not even able to close around his thick monster of a shaft, and started giving himself a quick handjob, stroking his own dick right in front of the female audience. His dick was still slick and shiny from the juices that Waika had left all over and it didn't take long for his massive phallus to return to its fully erect form.

John's masturbation act didn't stay unnoticed and Maka and Hamra, the twin bitches in heat, still eager for an orgasm, quickly noticed how fast John had recovered and clamored for John's attention, with Maka going for the first move, 

"Oh Sir John, your cock is amazing, worthy of a mighty warrior like you! My body is yours. Please, take me first!" 

"No, please, take me! My body needs it more!" 

"What did you say?! He is MINE! You can have him once I got my fix!"

Maka and Hamra were clearly fighting for over John, still wearing nothing except for their stockings. They shifted their naked and erotic bodies on the floor, once again rubbing their pussies together, causing their combined juices to splatter all over the carpet. This time, they didn't do it just for sexual pleasure, but to try and ensure dominance over each other. Even though the throne room was gigantic, the whole place already reeked of sex, completely filled with John's potent pheromones and the smell of dripping, needy pussies. 

"Ahh! W-why do you always have to go first?" 

"Well, I am the...hnng~...I'm the older one!" 

"Older?! We are twins! You think that 20 minutes at birth make that much of a difference?!"

John couldn't believe it. At home, he would have been happy if a woman merely looked at him for more than a glance, and now a pair of hot twin sisters were fighting each other for his affection by smashing their pussies together in a lewd spectacle that he only knew from some of his lesbian porno flicks. He knew the situation was totally insane, but he could get easily used to this sight.

After some more quarreling, it was clear that this scissoring battle wouldn't bring a clear winner and Maka suddenly had an idea to solve this horny dispute,

"Hey Hamra, Why don't we make John decide on who to take?" 

"Good idea, sister! It's his cock we want, after all!

The sultry twins looked over to John and he could see wild, unabandoned fire in their eyes. They both quickly went down onto all fours, both presenting their shapely butts and dripping pussies to John, as if they were two animals in need of a mate, begging to get bred,

"Do you like what you see? I will take your cock and your hot seed right here and now. Come on, I'll even let you get me pregnant!"

"Hold on, I will let you get me pregnant, AND you won't have to do ANYTHING later on! I will take care of the baby no problem!"

John's dick twitched at that, as the thought of irresponsibly creating a child excited him to no end for some reason. The twins now spoke in unison, 

"Tell us, oh my warrior, which one of us do you want to fuck and impregnate first?

Meanwhile, Waika couldn't help but chuckle at the absolutely slutty display the twins were putting on and couldn't keep silent anymore, "Haha, looks like our 'scissor sisters' really can't wait to feel your long, hard cock inside of them, my dear husband! Maybe this won't be a real punishment for them after all. Maybe they will end up enjoying it like the masochistic sluts they are, hehe!"

The mischievous goddess was still totally naked and sat on the carpeted floor, her body completely drenched in sweat and cum, her long, golden blonde mane a wild mess. She didn't care one bit how she looked or what others would think, whether or not that this was appropriate behavior for a goddess. Right now, she was enjoying herself like she hadn't done in years, showing that she was at just as much of a slut as she accused her servants of being, if not more.

The twins crawled towards John, their eyes solely focused on his larger than life phallus and his oversized balls. John stepped back a bit and wasn't sure what they were planning, but he was also sure that he would most likely enjoy it. Hamra noticed that John seemed to be a bit intimidated, so she tried to calm him down a bit, "Don't worry, Sir John. Let us service you, oh mighty warrior!"

To put more emphasis towards their request, they both opened their mouths wide, sticking their tongues out and covering the floor below with strands of thick saliva. And with that, both started working on John's shaft, caressing his heavy balls with their gentle hands, making his swollen testicles dance between their fingers. They stuck their heads together, their tongues working John's massive cock from two sides.

John let out a moan as he felt the twins go to work on his massive junk, already feeling the need to unleash another potent load all over them. Feeling emboldened by their devotion, he grabbed onto the their red and blue hair respectively and guided their greedy tongues up and down his rigid shaft. 

The ladies savored the salty flavor of John's copious amounts of precum, combined with traces of the still lingering juices of the freshly fucked goddess next to them. They slowly picked up the pace, sucking, servicing, and licking his fat cock with wild abandon. They wanted, they NEEDED to feel that hot cum on their skin, yearning to taste its salty flavors once again.

Before his transformation, John would have probably cum right away, but his new mysterious powers made sure that he could endure this oral assault much longer. Nevertheless, he felt his balls clench, signaling his impending orgasm. Acting fast, John was able to yank the heads of the ladies back just in time and stop the stimulation before he would have unloaded all over their pretty faces and colorful hair.

The twins both smiled at that, grinning like whores at their success in bringing this potent and enduring male to the brink of orgasm,

"Teehee, are you satisfied with our service? Please give us your seed, my pussy needs it!"

"Maybe, but mine needs it more!"

John looked over to Waika, as if looking for advice on how to proceed, "Waika, are you really sure about this? Do you really want me to have sex with these women in front of you? What about you wanting to marry me?" John let out a confused sigh, not sure why his supposed wife would approve of all this.

Waika smiled at John, happy to her very core to hear that her future husband hesitated and she responded in loving kind, "Aww, thank you for your concerns, but there is no need for worry. The marriage still stands! Seeing how fast you regained your boner, I realised that you are way too potent to have only one woman by your side. You can fuck and knock as many side-bitches up as you desire, but you need to promise me that I will stay your favourite...or else, darling~!"

That last part surely sounded like she was joking, but it made a cold shiver crawl up John's spine. He knew first hand how obsessive and scary Waika could get, since he saw her almost unleashing her powers earlier when she got angry with her servants...

"By the way," She continued, "I LOVE how doting and caring you are towards me. You really don't have to worry. You have no idea how hot it is for me to see my chubby hubby getting blown by two complete bitches in heat who cannot wait to feel his hot dick inside of them!"

John couldn't help himself but chuckle. Waika truly was a lovable bitch! 

Feeling reassured, John turned his attention back to the ladies right in front of his dick and asked what they should do next, "So, ladies, should we go to a different room? This place doesn't seem right for what we are about to do..."

Maka and Hamra looked at each other, both grinning while letting out a chuckle of their own, "Oh, no! We cannot wait anymore, let's do it right here!" 

Both ladies proceeded to lay on their backs and spread their legs far apart, presenting their drenched pussies to John and rubbing them with their fingers like mad women. Hamra even began fingerfucking herself, drenching her fingers completely in her own juices, creating nasty squelching noises in the process. What a lewd display! It was a miracle that John could even restrain himself anymore and not jump at them right at that instant.

Waika heard that conversation and decided to add her two cents, "You want to fuck right here? Hmm...sure, why not? The carpet is ruined anyway, hehe." The last statement put a wide grin on her face. To get a better view over her suspects and John, Waika got up from the ground and walked over to her throne, once again sitting down on the royal seat that she got fucked silly on minutes earlier. She didn't care one bit that her throne was just as ruined as the carpet, taking in the musky smell the cushions still emitted. When she sat down, she felt the squishy, soaked cushions covering her legs and round ass in her own leftover fluids.

The twins turned around and were now on all fours, facing away from John and presenting their delicious bubble butts and tight, dripping cunts to him. Their long hair draped across the floor, totally wild and messy and covered in sweat and bodily fluids, any pretense of dignity gone. Maka crawled on top of her sister Hamra, their breasts, bellies and wet pussies gently squeezing together.

John felt like a god amongst men at this moment. He wouldn't let these desperate women wait any longer, but decided to give them a last warning, "Alright, ladies, I will not play any favourites here and not hold back! Each one of you will get a good filling, if that is what you really want...but I have to admit that red always was one of my favourite colors!"

And with that, John aligned his pulsating cockhead with Maka's pussy, her face covered in unspeakable bliss as she realised that she would be the first one to feel John's prick inside of her, "Oh, thank you for picking meeee~!" Maka's voice cracked and her whole body shook the instant John thrusted his dick her dripping vagina, not letting her finish talking and filling her needy hole completely in one stroke, stretching her pussy like it was never stretched before.

This swift and sudden penetration proved to be too much for the red haired servant, as her pussy began to spasm around John's cock, clasping hard onto its fleshy invader. Maka's eyes rolled into the back of her head and she lost all control over her muscles, collapsing onto the hot body of her twin sister. After what felt like an eternity, she had finally achieved that oh-so-sought after orgasm.

Hamra looked at John and her sister with pure jealousy in her eyes. She couldn't believe that her sister would come so fast after just putting it in! Feeling the undying need for release inside of her, she pleased with John, "M-Me too! Fuck me too..." Was all she could bring out, but John would make sure that her desperate pleas would get answered. 

After a couple of thrusts, John pulled out of Maka and plunged into her blue haired sister's equally needy hole, making her body spasm from the sudden impact. Hamra didn't fair much better than her redheaded sister, her body squirming under waves of pleasure, her hands involuntarily locking onto her sister's body and pressing them together with all her strength.

Even though both ladies had already come hard, John was far from finished. He began alternating between their pussies, maintaining a steady rhythm for what felt like an eternity, hammering into their soaked pussies with wild abandon. His pace was ravenous and he showed no mercy to either of them, ravaging them like a wild animal.

Whenever he entered Maka, he smacked her ass hard, leaving a red print on her pale skin and then dug his fingers deep into her butt, making the red haired sexpot squeal in sweet pain and delight. Small beads of sweat formed on his forehead and it was clear that this whole ordeal was straining him, since he never had serviced two women at once before, yet he never slowed done with his thrusts for a single moment.

It didn't take long until his swollen cockhead reached something spongy inside of Maka's pussy, and John knew that he had just found her cervix. As if by instinct, he grabbed onto her wide hips to have better control over his thrusts and aimed directly at her fertile center, his cockhead slamming into the cervical ring with every stroke..

Maka could feel John's cock knocking at the entrance to her womb, but instead of feeling pain, there was only pleasure to be found in her lust addled mind. Not able to speak clearly anymore, she cheered for her wild breeding stallion in slurred words as she felt John's cock trembling inside of her, "Ahh, yesh, sho deep! Fu-uck me harder!"

In the meantime, Waika thoroughly enjoyed the show that was being presented to her. She shifted her body forward, sitting at the edge of her throne, her honey brown eyes glued to the erotic extravaganza before her, her face split in a mischievous grin. The sight in front of her, combined with the sounds of fleshy smacks in her ear and the smell of hot bodies thrusting against each other, delighted her to no end. 

She felt the need to mock the twins, taunting them in her typical snarky tone, "How does it feel to get totally fucked and dominated by a man you viewed as beneath you earlier? Now, you two sluts are happy to feel his cock inside of you and you can't even speak properly anymore! You have NO idea how happy and horny this makes me!"

Waika felt blood flow to her reproductive organs, her clit once again poking out like a ripe, red cherry. She couldn't control herself anymore and the moment her fingers touched her engorged pussylips, a jolt of electricity flowed through her body, making her gasp. Her servants had already seen her getting fucked like a two dollar whore, so what difference would a bit masturbation make anyway? Simply touching her pussy wasn't enough anymore and she RAMMED her fingers inside of her well oiled cunt, making the goddess scream out in wild passion, lewd squelching noises emanating from her pink lust center. 

It seemed that Waika was just as insatiable as John and if her husband wouldn't have been so busy at the moment, she would have jumped at him once again, begging him to fuck her like the little divine slut she had become for the overweight man. As long as John would be around, she would never tire of sex!

Amidst all her self induced lust, Waika cheered for John, who was busy turning her unruly servants into mewling broodmares, "Ahh! Let's go John! Fuck these bitches into...hnng... into total submission, show them their rightful place!"

Maka and Hamra didn't pay any attention to the mockery of their lewd spectator and focused more on the pleasures that John's cock gave them, unable to form any coherent thoughts or sentences. It was clear that the twins, albeit capable and competent servants, just weren't as mentally strong as their goddess, their brains slowly turning into mush from the pleasures that John brought them.

John's felt his swollen balls quiver as he finally reached his limit. With one brutal thrust, he broke through Maka's cervix, his cockhead now firmly locked inside of the deepest part of her body, leaving no barrier between his potent cum and her fertile baby chamber. He groaned as his cockhead expanded and his dilated urethra released a torrent of boiling hot seed directly into Maka's womb, filling it up completely in just one spurt. The next spurt expanded her womb, stretching it to its utmost limits and his cum began to flood her fallopian tubes and ovaries, no doubt on the hunt for some fertile eggs.

Maka lost her mind as she felt the hot cum spurt inside of her, femcum squirting out of her sperm filled hole, her tongue lolling uselessly from her mouth as she experienced the biggest orgasm of her life. She jerked on top of her sister, making Hamra once again jealous of her red haired sister as she had to watch from first row how her sister got thoroughly seeded by this stallion of a man.

However, Hamra didn't have to wait long, as John gripped the base of his cock and pulled out Maka's overstuffed cunt, making the redhead collapse on top of her sister. He could still see an indentation at the base of his cockhead, left there by the squeezing vice of Maka's spongy cervix. Maka's overly stretched cunt spilled some of his sperm out, but most of it stayed deep inside, trapped inside her very womb.

John's cock was still rock hard and he wasted no time, thrusting DEEP into the other hole that needed filling. Just as with Maka, he broke through Hamra's cervix in a single hard thrust and delivered a virile load directly into her fertile baby chamber, his hot cum coating the inner walls of her womb white with his gooey jizz. Hamra's whole body shook as she felt the hot impact deep inside of her body, her arms and legs spasming in an earth shattering orgasm. After just three squirts, Hamra's belly was just as swollen as her sister's, leaving little doubt that she was on the way to becoming a mother as well.

Waika, still busy pleasuring herself, watched with glee as the two sluts she called her servants got filled up with the cumshot of a lifetime by her dearest husband. All of a sudden, her divine powers activated on their own and Waika could sense that something incredible was about to happen inside of the freshly inseminated twins. In her mind's eye, she could see that Maka's and Hamra's ovaries reacted to John's ultra potent sperm, inducing ovulation and making them pop out two eggs each, waiting for the millions of sperms to impregnate them. What normally would have taken hours or even days to occur, John's fast and strong sperm achieved in mere minutes and it looked like John's powers were even growing stronger! 

Her godly powers made sure that she could sense the moment John's aggressive sperm found their fertile targets. The little eggs yielded to John's potent sperm almost immediately, the little swimmers breaking through their barriers and nestling deep inside their cores to create new life. A sliver of jealousy crawled through Waika's body, realising that either of the twins would probably bear more kids at once than she would.

John's orgasm slowly subsided and he pulled out of the blue haired woman that he had just bred like a bitch in heat and looked on to see his work and fruits of his hard earned labor. 

Both twins now laid on their backs in a puddle of cum and their own juices, their bellies swollen to insanely stretched proportions. Both of them had the most divine, out of their mind expressions on their face that John or Waika had ever seen. At that moment, these two angels felt like they were the most happy and satisfied women in the whole universe, their hearts jumping with joy and bliss.

Waika got off her throne and strutted over to that battlefield of fuckage before her, to get a closer look at the twins who just got utterly bred by her potent husband. She laughed at the sight of the two ladies' bellies swelling larger and larger, secretly hoping that her own belly and breasts would also soon swell with milk and John's kids. In an act of morbid curiosity, she rubbed over both of their swollen bellies and could feel the heat. Her face filled with pure joy as she looked at the exhausted John. 

She was just so proud of him!

"Oh John, that was a wonderful show you gave me there. Just look how FAT you made these two bitches. I wonder how many babies they will be able to breed from this session? Don't worry, my dear. I will make sure that the kids will get taken care of once they are born~!"

At the same time, the twins could do nothing else but admire John for the deed he had done for them, their minds filled with the wonderful feeling of becoming mothers, "Ohh, thank you, John! Thank you for your seed! We will happily give birth to as many babies as you bless our ripe and fertile bodies with! Our wombs are yours to command, oh mighty warrior!"
