 She was roused from sleep by a tingling sensation. It started in her stomach and radiated outwards to all her limbs. Laci Black stretched beneath the sheets and her brow furrowed. Something was weighing on her chest. What was it? It couldn't be Delilah, her dog. Laci was sure she had put her in the other room before going to bed. So what was on her?

Laci fought her way out of the blankets and reached an arm up to turn on her bedside lamp. As her eyes adjusted, she realized with shock that the weight wasn't something on her chest. The weight was her chest.

When Laci went to bed, she was wholly unremarkable. Barely eighteen, she had been flat as a board all the way down. So flat, in fact, the boys at school had never even nicknamed her "Mosquito Bites" like they did with all of the other flat-chested girls. No, she was so flat, she was skipped right over. Not a womanly curve could have been found on Laci Black's body. But now...

Laci stared down at herself in a mix of confusion, horror, and awe. Resting on her chest were the two most perfect breasts she had ever seen. They were huge, but not grossly so, and perfectly round. Like basketballs, Laci thought. And what an accurate comparison that was. She sat up quickly and they wobbled and bounced seductively.

On the wall across from her bed was a mirror. Laci rose onto her knees and stared at herself in it. She had gone to bed in a form-fitting tank top and a tight pair of panties. The tank top now was stretched taught across her chest, the hem not even reaching the bottom of her breasts. The seams looked like they were about to bust. Two hard, thick nipples poked through the fabric.

Laci tentatively reached up a hand and brushed a finger across one of those nipples. Intense pleasure rippled through her body and she shuddered appreciatively before moving her gaze down. Where before there had been a flat stomach and straight sides, there now was a tight belly and an hour-glass figure.

Her waist curved in as if she were wearing a corset and then curved back out to luscious hips. Laci noticed the elastic of her panties was cutting into her thighs (toned, shapely, curvy) and turned to investigate. The source of the tightness was her ass. Laci's behind had been as flat as her chest, but now there was a round, firm ass filling out her underwear.

Laci had never been so turned on as she was now, gazing at her strange new body. She wasn't sure how it happened, but she wasn't complaining. The tight elastic was bothering her, though. Laci stepped off the bed and, hooking her fingers into the waistband, drew her panties down over her shapely legs and stepped out of them. She noticed the fabric at the crotch was glistening and brought a finger down to her cunt.

She was soaked. Her clit was hard and swollen. She stroked it gently and was amazed by the pleasure that ripped through her. She nearly fell backwards onto her bed. It was the most intense thing she had ever felt, but she reluctantly pulled away to remove the tank top.

It was so tight, Laci couldn't pull it off. She tried crossing her arms over herself and pulling it up that way, but it didn't work. She tried pulling her arms in and wiggling out of it, but that didn't work either. Finally, with a sigh, she pulled at it and the seams gave out. The cloth fell to the ground in a tattered heap.

Laci's tits bounced free and she gazed at them happily. Her nipples were red and perky, pointing upwards like hard little cherries topping a delicious sundae. Laci palmed her tits. Her small hands barely covered a third of them. She bounced them, reveling in their heaviness, and pressed them together to create massive cleavage. Her nipples throbbed and she pinched them hard, twisting them this way and that, moaning at herself.

The bed called to her, as did her clit, and Laci tossed herself back onto the mattress. Her hand eagerly dove between her thighs and frantically began rubbing at herself. Her flesh was slick and her fingers slid easily. She slipped them downwards and plunged one, two, three fingers into her tightness. Her hand twisted so the thumb could still manipulate her clit while the other hand pinched and pulled at her nipples.

Laci could feel a fire building in her belly. It was a low, primal heat that she was not familiar with. Her pace increased, as did her moaning. Moans ripped from her throat with animalistic ferocity and she was vaguely aware how fortunate it was that her parents were out of town. And then she came. And came. And came. Laci's body shook and her back arched. Her chest heaved and she tossed her head back and forth. Her eyes were shut tight and she was nearly screaming now as her fingers dug into the ample flesh of her left tit, as musky juices oozed out around her fingers.

She collapsed in a sweaty pile, fingers still buried deep in her cunt. Her massive breasts heaved as she gasped for breath. She reluctantly removed her hand from her sex and stretched, wiping her sticky fingers on her already soaked sheets.

Laci expected to be sleepy. Wasn't that what happened after an orgasm so intense it rocked you to the core? But she wasn't. In fact, she just seemed to be hornier. She craved a man. Her fingers were good, but her body wanted more.

With a little moan, Laci stood up and crossed the room to her closet. She wasn't going to find a man lying around in her bed. She'd have to go out. A quick glance at the clock told her it was not yet two in the morning. All the bars and clubs would still be open. Perfect.

Laci pulled on a lacy black thong she had never worn before. It had been a gift from one of her girlfriends, an attempt to spice Laci up a bit, but she'd always felt scandalized by the lacy black scrap. Now, though, she found it perfect, though it was soaked through in seconds. Next, she pulled on a tight black skirt and hiked it up to an inappropriate length. It barely covered the buxom curve of her ass.

The top was a bit trickier. Most of Laci's shirts had been tight on her before. Now, there would be no way she could fit them over her tits. Finally, she settled on a plain white t-shirt that had always been lose on her. She took a pair of scissors and cut a deep V in the neckline before pulling it over her head. She forwent a bra for obvious reasons and was glad the moment she saw herself.

The shirt barely left anything to the imagination. It clung to her figure and revealed her every curve. It stretched tight over her chest and her nipples showed through the fabric. The cut she'd made plunged down into her cleavage. She was practically spilling out.

Laci ran her hands through her hair but decided not to brush it. It was sexy and wild, like she'd just rolled out of bed (which, in fact, she had). A closer examination of her face in the mirror revealed that it, too, had been touched up in her mysterious makeover. Her eyes were wider and sparkling with a mischievous light and her lips were plump and full. Defined cheekbones and a button nose completed the look.

"Perfect," Laci purred. She sprayed herself with perfume, grabbed her key, and left the apartment.