 A/N: This is the sequel to Changed, where 18-year-old Laci Black woke up to find she had a sexy, buxom body. In this chapter, the truth about her transformation is revealed and she gets fucked by a huge cock. Enjoy!

---

The nearest club was a place called 'Steel'. It was within walking distance to Laci's apartment and didn't take that long to get to. Steel was exclusively 21-and-up, but the bouncer didn't bother to card her. He took one look at her and ushered her into the club with a slap on the ass and a "have a good night".

Inside, it was dark and loud. Laci could feel the bass from the music pulsing through her and she liked it. The place was filled with drunk men and scantily clad women, but Laci noticed that none of them could begin to compare to her, which was just how she liked it.

After scanning the crowd, she determined the bar would probably the best place to pick someone up. Many guys sat on stools all alone, nursing beers and staring out at the girls shaking their asses on the dance floor. Laci approached and leaned against the bar in front of the bartender. He was cute, maybe 28, with dark hair and a bit of stubble. She pressed her tits against the wood so the man could get a good view of her frankly massive cleavage.

"What'll it be, baby?" the bartender asked, barely able to tear his eyes away from her chest.

Laci grinned and leaned even farther forward. The pressure from her tits caused the V she'd cut into the shirt to rip even further. The bartender stared.

"Just vodka," she said finally, sliding back onto one of the stools so the bartender could see her nipples poking through the shirt.

"I'm Jack," the bartender said as he sat her drink in front of her.

"Laci." She downed the vodka in one gulp and handed the glass back. "Get me another, would you?"

Jack brought her a second glass and she gave it the same treatment. "Say, Jack... You wouldn't happen to want to meet me in the alley in five minutes, would you?"

Laci grinned as Jack's eyes widened. He glanced around and noticed another bartender working a little ways down from him. "Baby," he said. "I'll meet you right now."

"Great!" Laci hopped off her stool and her tits wobbled beneath her shirt. She led Jack out into the alley and shoved him against the wall before the door had even shut behind them.

Her mouth sought his and she kissed him with all her pent-up passion. Her tongue snaked into his mouth to play with his while her hands threaded in his hair and scratched at his scalp. Jack's hands did what any man's hands would do: they found her tits. He tried to palm them, but they were too big and round for him to wrap his hands around, so Jack settled for pushing her shirt up over them and bouncing them in his hands. He squeezed her thick nipples and Laci moaned into his mouth.

Laci pulled back and grinned at him before dropping onto her knees on the wet pavement. Jack couldn't believe his luck as she tugged open his belt and jeans. She didn't even bother to push them all the way down. She lowered them just enough to get his cock out. She took the steely member into her hand and gazed at it. It wasn't particularly large - maybe five inches at the most. It certainly wasn't big enough to bring her the pleasure she craved, but that didn't mean she couldn't pleasure him.

Before he knew what was happening, Jack's cock was buried in Laci's mouth. Her nose pressed against his stomach as her head bobbed on his dick, sucking and licking all the way down. Jack moaned loudly and cupped the back of her head. He fucked her face hard and rough, but she didn't mind. In fact, she was moaning, too! She was moaning as if he were fucking her five ways to Sunday and Jack loved it.

One of Laci's hands cupped Jack's balls, to squeeze and tease him there, while the other hand sneaked beneath her skirt to frantically rub her clit. She wondered idly what sort of picture they must paint, her on her knees with her enormous tits hanging out and a hand in her cunt while she sucked off this random guy. The thought made her even wetter.

"Fuck," Jack groaned. "Fuck, I'm going to --"

Before he could finish his sentence, he was cumming into Laci's mouth. She eagerly swallowed every drop. She even sucked harder and squeezed on his balls to try to milk a few more spurts out of him. Once she was sure he was done, she tucked him back into his pants, stood, and patted him on the cheek.

"Thanks," she said, tugging her shirt back down. "Run along now."

Jack looked at her, dumbfounded, but wasn't one to argue. As soon as he'd disappeared back into the club, Laci heard a voice behind her.

"Well, well, well. Laci Black. Look how you've...blossomed."

Laci turned to stare at the man stepping out of the shadows. He was young, possibly younger than Jack, with dark eyes and a smile that sent a twinge straight to her cunt. And he looked so familiar...

Laci gasped. "Mr. McKinley?"

This man standing in front of her was the man who had been subbing in her chemistry class for the past week. She'd never noticed how sexy he was before.

"Please," he said. "Call me Derek."

He stepped closer to her and placed a hand under one of her breasts, feeling its weight.

"Damn." His tone was appreciative. "I sure did a good job."

Laci blinked, torn between wanting to throw herself at him or question him. She decided there would be time for throwing herself at him soon enough. "What do you mean?"

Derek squeezed one of her nipples through her shirt and twisted it.

"I'll explain everything, baby. But let's go back to my place." With a hand on her ass, he led her to his car.

---

Derek lived in an enormous apartment beside a club Laci had never noticed before - a place called Pulse. She settled herself on one of his plush leather couches and admired his ass in his tight jeans while he poured them each a drink. He came to sit beside her and handed her one of the glasses.

He sat and stared at her for a while, appraising her, and Laci found herself growing more aroused under his watch.

"So," he said at last. "I'm not actually a teacher."

"What are you, then?"

Derek shrugged and sipped his drink. "Some might call me a scientist, others a magician. Me? I prefer the term...genius."

"What are you talking about?"

"You see," said Derek. "I saw you one day and knew you had enormous potential. You were just a stick of a thing, of course, but that was what I wanted. So the transformation to this --" he waved a hand over her body "--would be even more fantastic. I got that gig teaching so I could be around you. You know all those experiments we did? They were all shit. No real purpose other than to release a certain chemical into the air. It's a special compound of my own that completely rewrites someone's body and mind frame to make them into, well, horny little sluts."

Derek reached over and pinched one of Laci's hard nipples. She moaned and arched her back.

"But," Laci gasped, fighting the urge to slide her hand between her thighs, "does that mean everyone in my class is like this?"

Derek chucked and pinched her nipple harder. "That's the beauty of it, babe. Designed specifically to target your DNA. Picked a hair off your sweater as you came through the door one day and we were sold. I've been pumping you full of that stuff all week.Takes about five days to activate, as you can see." He pressed her tits together and bounced them in his hands. "Fucking fantastic."

Laci moaned again. "That's amazing."

"Isn't it? And there's only a teeny, tiny price." One of his hands landed on her thigh and inched closer and closer to slipping under her skirt.

Her legs fell open and she shifted her hips, dying for his touch.

"Price?" she groaned.

"Just a little one. You see, I created you. That means, I own you. Don't worry, there won't be any of that 'call-me-master' stuff. I prefer the term...handler." He squeezed a tit for emphasis. "But you can just call me Derek. Anyway. That club next door, Pulse? I own that. And you're going to work for me. Tuesday through Thursday, you'll be my feature dancer at night, and then Friday through Saturday you're going to whore yourself out for me. Sunday and Monday are all yours to fuck as you please. What do you say?"

Be a stripper and a hooker? Get to tease and screw guys every day? Sounded like heaven to Laci.

"I say yes, please."

Derek laughed and his fingers brushed her soaking panties. "Atta girl. Oh, and one more thing." He got up and crossed the room to retrieve something from the refrigerator. Laci pushed a hand under her skirt to pinch her clit, moaning in relief. Derek returned to sit beside her with a black case in his hand. He opened it and showed her a bunch of syringes with different colored liquids inside.

"This is your default body," he explained. "But sometimes, you might have clients who want something a little different. Or maybe you just want to try something new. All of these are mods. One shot and you can be anything - taller, skinnier, curvier. You could have a bigger ass or tighter cunt or, hell, bigger tits. They last for twenty-four hours. But there's a price."

"What?" Laci groaned.

"For every mod you want for a client, you give me a blowjob. For every mod you want for yourself, you have to fuck me."

"Deal."

"Good. Now, take off your clothes. I need to admire my work."

Laci leapt from the couch and tore her clothes off. Derek looked her up and down, then walked a circle around her. He cupped her ass to feel its roundness, then smacked it hard enough to leave a mark to watch it bounce. He passed a hand over her cunt and it was entirely soaked when he pulled it away. He made Laci lick it clean, groaning at the way her tongue darted around each finger. He cupped her tits, pressing them together and up, watching them bounce and jiggle.

"These are my favorite," he said. "You've got such huge titties, baby. They're so sexy."

Then Derek stepped back and pulled his shirt over his head. Laci admired his sculpted torso and lean muscles as he bent to pull his pants off, too. His boxers fell to the floor next and out sprung a massive dick. Laci shook with pleasure at the sight of it, standing rigid with thick veins and a bulbous purple head.

Derek flopped back onto the couch with his arms over the back and his legs apart. His huge cock pointed to the ceiling.

"How big?" Laci asked, in awe.

"Eight and a half inches" was his reply. "Now, giddyup."

Laci rushed forward. She was burning with arousal. She needed to fuck this man, needed his massive dick inside her, and she wasn't going to waste any time. She climbed on top of him and straddled his waist. holding herself just above his cock. She reached down and wrapped her hand around him. He was so thick, her fingers barely closed. Laci stroked him a few times and then lined him up with her slick cunt.

Then, unceremoniously, Laci impaled herself on him. She took all eight and a half inches without flinching. Her tits bounced at the force she used to slam down onto him. A scream of pure pleasure escaped her throat as she began bouncing on his dick. Derek leaned forward and buried his face in her massive cleavage. He sucked one nipple into his mouth while his hand teased the other. Her tits continued to bounce against his face as she rode him.

Laci reached down to rub her clit as she rose up so only the fat head of his cock remained inside her. Then she slammed back down, taking all of him. He felt so good. Laci was so full, clenching around his amazing, big dick. She could feel him in her womb, stretching her cunt to new widths.

"Fuck, yes," moaned Derek into her tits. "Take my cock, baby. Oh, yeah, ride me, you dirty slut."

Spurred on by his words, Laci said, "You feel so good, Derek. Your dick is so big and it feels fucking fantastic in my cunt. Do you like my titties, baby? Do you like how fucking enormous they are?" She grabbed them for emphasis, shaking them in his face. She squeezed her own nipples, pulling them and twisting them, and tossed her head back and screamed in pleasure.

Derek groaned. "Yes, holy shit, yes. Fucking hell, I've never gotten so close so fast. You're amazing. Are you close, baby? Are you going to cum for me, you little whore?"

"Yes!" Laci screamed. "Yes, I'm little whore?"

"Yes!" Laci shouted, riding him faster than she thought possible. "Yes! Yes! Fuck, I'm cumming!"

And cum she did. She screamed and spasmed, her cunt clenching and unclenching rapidly around his dick. Her tits bounced as she continued to take him again and again all through her orgasm. Derek came next, shooting stream after stream of hot, sticky cum into her wet cunt.

"Oh, and did I mention?" Derek said lazily. "You can't get pregnant or catch diseases."

Laci moaned happily. Hot arousal was already flooding her again and she began rising and falling once more on his still rock-hard dick.

"Baby," she said sweetly. "I think it's time you fuck me like the dirty whore that I am."