 Trying something different this chapter. It's written in a first-person narrative, entirely through Alanna's unique perspective; after all, you don't really know someone until you've walked in their boots for a time. This chapter starts the morning after Chapter 21, and is part 2 of 2 of ADoE's "intermission".

-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Alanna

Solais, Kingdom of Solais

21st of Sun's Rest, 1282 D.f.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-

The cocks usually crow about six hours past midnight. They never used to get a rise out of me. I never expected anything out of early morn' until late, other than indecision or a headache. It was almost as if the world used to wait for me. I'd rise, and all would rise with me.

But things are different now. Life marches ever onward, refining itself like the ever-changing winds. I'm older, for one. Every day I'm older. Wiser, too, I guess. I tread through Talos' mind after all, picking up all the scraps of wisdom he deigns to bequeath unto me. And for that I'm grateful. I work, too, and... oh. I need to call on the caterers before noon. I hope I remember.

But none of that is to blame for why I wake so early in the morn' now. Because every night of late, while I lay outstretched on my half of the bed, he and her are on the other. She always sleeps on top of him now. Her head on his chest. Her legs draped over his. His arm wrapped around her. And I'm over here.

She always wakes on the rooster's crow. Always has, she said. So every morning when the cocks cry, she stumbles into the waking world. Now, I'm not sure what kind of magical jaunts she takes at night, and I know it's something, but when she returns it's always the same. She collects herself, she sighs contentedly, and she wakes him.

She thinks I'm sleeping. She thinks I can't feel her hand on his thigh. Or her nails caressing his chest. She thinks I can't see through him and witness the greed in her gaze.

In a way, that's my fault. I could wake when she begins stroking his cock, or when she kisses him ever so softly on the lips. I could greet her when she says 'good morning' in that hushing whisper... and I definitely should wake when she mounts him. What fool would think I'd sleep through that?

He knows I'm awake, though. He can feel my hand under the covers as it slips down my hips. He can feel how fucking soaked I am.

We converse through most of it, in the way that two tired minds do. Only half of it's overtly sexual. The wagon trains of morning thought travel in every which way, and neither of us have the willpower to rein in the horses. It just flows on like an endless river, one stronger than the sea. I told him to remind me to visit the caterers later as I brushed my fingers against my clit, and looked through him.

She really was beautiful. Tatiana hadn't the need for makeup to present a perfect visage. Sure, she looked a little tired in the morning, and a touch of eyeliner did bring out the color in her eyes... but it felt a crime to hide such perfection. I had him take her ass in his hands. That toned, perfect ass.

Fuck her, I told him. We were both incredibly horny, and Tanya's slow ride through dreamland wouldn't sate us now. I had him slip out of her, and push her down face-first into the pillows. She giggled with glee, and I had him shush her, just in case she woke me.

I had to stifle a moan when he grabbed her trim hips from behind and pulled her towards him, so her ass was raised high in the air. He then spanked her, hard, once because he wanted to, and twice because I desired to see her jiggle again. Fuck her, I repeated. Her adorable cries won't save her now.

"Nuh!" Tanya squealed when he roughly thrust into her. Talos wrapped a strong hand around her skull, pushing her into the pillows to muffle her cries. I told him this wasn't gentlemanly - he should instead lean over her, and suppress her directly. So Talos did this, and was soon fucking Tanya with a hand tightly pressed against her mouth as I fucked my fingers beside them.

It was so wrong. No one in their right mind would think I'd sleep through this, but Tanya's lust-addled brain couldn't hold onto worries any longer. She was merely Talos' cock-sleeve now, a sorceress lost to desire. I squeezed my thighs around my hand as Talos intensified his thrusts, and soon I'd curled into a ball of voyeuristic greed.

I couldn't believe how sexy she looked. Moaning into our hand. Pushing herself against us. Clenching the bedsheets with so much desperation. Her dark brown hair, full of body, splayed out over the white pillows. We pushed her down when she tried to lift herself with her last ounce of strength, her legs quivered, and soon...

"Mmf!" she screamed into our hand as she climaxed, then collapsed onto the mattress under our pummeling strength. We too wouldn't last much longer, so I had Talos release her so we could hear her adorable cries again.

"Ah, ah, ahh! You fuck like a god," Tanya thinly declared as she squirmed under us. That was it. We flooded her pussy as she screamed and moaned, and I woke up gasping for breath.

-=-=-

Talos rose for swordplay just a couple minutes later, with a recovering Tanya following in his steps. She always made an effort to observe his training, and none could deny the wonder on her face. But as a sane, civilized human, I remained in bed 'til a reasonable hour, comfy and warm and all things great. Vicariously living through Talos was more than sufficient when the air was so chill.

 

And watching on was calming, truth be told. Meditative. And I knew most of the routine by now. The slashes, spins, and strikes. I reckon I'd even be a decent swordmistress too, provided I pushed myself and trained my body. Luckily, I'll never have to. Swords were designed by men, and are used by those without the ability. Without the spark. The great equalizer given to the Mother's favored sex.

Tanya would most likely pick it up, though. At least, it's one of his gifts to her for the Solstice. Training her. I don't see her refusing, either; it is really sweet of him.

Magic usually comes after swordplay. Talos was now regularly involved in Tanya's studies of the art, to the point now where all of her breakthroughs originate from his requests. Illusion magics, mostly. Her latest development was an invisibility spell, cast upon Talos for the greater part of a minute before he became perceptible once more.

She then explained the spell's caveats and it's benefits, prompting him to inquire where it could be improved. She even answered truthfully, illuminating which potential methods of study could lengthen the spell's effect, or allow her to cast it on multiple targets. Then, Talos would tell her what to do - and she would obey unquestioningly.

It was exactly what she wanted. Tanya wanted him to command her, because being Talos' dutiful, devoted sorceress was apparently now her life's calling. It was the direction she felt she'd been missing ever since her graduation four years ago, and I was... happy, for her. I wished life was that simple for me, but I wasn't bitter. Ultimately, she was the far superior sorceress.

Breakfast eventually roused me from bed - I would never sleep through Tanya's fish and eggs, after all - and was delightfully surprised to find my man waiting for me at the foot of the stairs. My chest instantly felt lighter, and bubbles of giddiness washed over my thoughts. I flung myself into his arms, exclaiming "good morning," far more dramatically than it deserved.

"Morning, honey," he smiled. "Don't forget to visit the caterers."

"Thanks," I grinned in reply. I couldn't help but play with my hair, excited as I was to see him. But why was he so anxious? Why was he worried?

"Uh... you okay, Lana? You seem a bit... off, of late," he softly answered.

"What do you mean?"

"Jealous," he clarified.

"Oh. It'll pass," I swiftly promised. It always did. "And no worrying about me on your name day, mister!"

"Mm," he smirked. "Actually, I think today's the only day that you can't demand anything of me. So, I'll worry."

"But I'm fine!" I giggled, giving him a gentle slap. "Just anxious of the party, is all. I'll be elated once it's over."

"It'll be a great party, Alanna. And I know you'll look wonderful in your dress."

Aw! I couldn't help but snuggle into him; something I'd like to do for half the day, if I could. "Thank you! Um, is Tanya still going home tomorrow?"

"Haven't heard anythin' to the contrary," he shrugged.

"Good. Because tomorrow, we're going to cuddle in bed 'til noon," I bubbly replied. He kissed me. I kissed him. We then went mad for half a minute, snogging like two teenagers out after curfew.

"I love you," he softly said once our lips had parted. I melted.

-=-=-

The morning and afternoon swept by me like a whirlwind. I had so much to do to prepare for the Midwinter ball, and I really wasn't one to delegate out my tasks. I swear I walked ten miles that day, a true feat of endurance considering Solais proper wasn't wider than three.

First-and-foremost, I dropped my son off with my sister, who was staying at a ritzy inn called the Pavilion in the uptown district. I'd paid for the room and given her quite the purse just yesterday, as a peasant's coin doesn't get one very far here in Solais. I didn't have much time to catch up with her, what with the day ahead. I promised her my entire week, though, and I was genuinely looking forward to it. She's such a kind soul.

Since I was already in uptown, I next worked on rounding up and confirming that the musicians were a go for the night. Unlike a normal ball, my party would have multiple bands; I wanted quieter music during supper, for example, when the guests could more easily converse, then something more upbeat for the dancing. Lutes, flutes and all manner of winds would then be played later in the night to liven up the mood, followed lastly by harps and pianos as a noble coda.

The caterers came next, praise the gods I remembered. They already knew what to cook and where to be - strengthening the castle's kitchen staff four-fold, specifically - but I also had an urgent request of them. Apple pies had to be served tonight, not blueberry, for the King strongly detested the latter. I paid the company their bonus for the haste change of plans and hustled away just as quickly, again wondering how any soul could dislike blueberries.

Next were the illusionists from Catriona, ported in on the city's only teleportation square one hour after noon, on the nose. They asked what they should perform tonight, to which I replied, "do what you do for children - these folk rarely see magics at all."

Then came the waitstaff, the Hesperian belly dancers, and finally the twelve virgins, slated to dance the Jolly come midnight. The girls assured me that they were, indeed, still virginal, and wouldn't disgrace the gods through deceit on such a holy night.

Phew. Three hours after noon, I made my way to the Castle to ensure that the decoration efforts were going as planned. The great hall was to be filled with streamers, the banners were to be multiplied and replaced with ones with a white border, and many a statue had to be moved from the royal vault to the entry hall. Tables had to be set out just right, and the centerpieces had to... fuck! The centerpieces! Had I really forgotten something so important?!

I ran down and interrogated the Lord Castellan, who was currently directing the statue-moving efforts.

"Bernard!" I squeaked. He turned towards me, wearing an obvious visage of worry as he looked me over. "Were any centerpieces delivered today? Or-or perhaps yesterday?"

He thrust a thumb over his shoulder and rolled his head towards the great hall. "Already set out, Alanna. Fancy a drink? Water?"

Praise the gods. This party would be the death of me.

"No, gratitude! See you in a couple hours!" I exclaimed to him as I twirled about to rush home. I'd less than three hours to prepare myself for the eve, and I'd need every minute of it.

-=-=-

To my utmost surprise, I opened the door to my home only to find Talos - the manliest man that had ever graced this world - doing Tanya's hair. Somehow, he'd successfully worked it into a messy crown plait, with a black ribbon woven between the braids, and two wavy locks of hair spilling from underneath the crown to frame her face. It was a very cute look for her, albeit distinctly Imperial.

"Talos, when were you going to tell me of your skill with a lady's hair?" I bubbly asked of him as I shut the door. Talos rolled his eyes.

"Well, you see-"

"I just taught him! Just now!" Tanya answered for him, almost jumping from her skin with joy. "But I'm... almost afraid to look. He's got fingers like a troll, Alanna..."

I'll admit it, I snorted with laughter, but I did decide to quickly assuage her fears. I withdrew my small mirror from my purse and held it before her.

"It looks great, Tanya," I chuckled. She snatched the mirror from me with both hands, and her natural pout hastily transformed into the brightest smile as she tilted her head this way and that.

"It does, doesn't it?! Oh my goodness! I look like a princess," she squealed.

"You do!" I warmly agreed. But why didn't I think of this? I could have taught Talos everything there was to know about hair if I knew he'd be interested. Damnit. There was no time to deride myself for missed opportunities. I decided to let Tanya keep the mirror for now. "Going to the washroom for a bath," I told them.

"Okay," Tanya giggled in reply, not bothering to look away from her reflection as I left.

I hadn't the time to waste thinking about it. Once in the washroom I quickly undressed, summoned a bath using nine parts water and one part fire, and scrubbed clean every inch of my body. This attention to detail wasn't particularly required of me - I'd just washed four days ago, after all - but as Solais' preeminent beauty, I felt it part of my tasks to look my best tonight. Not to mention that, where Talos had his swordplay or Tanya had her books, I had baths. They soothed me, calmed me, and would prepare me for the ultimate display of exhibitionism I'd concocted for the night.

Doing my hair was simple. Dried with towel and time, given body with a touch of wind, then brushed to one side, so my long blonde locks draped over one shoulder and covered a third of my face. No other woman would wear her hair loose tonight. After all, loose hair was a sign of a loose woman, and only prostitutes or an unmasked sorceress would dare wear it this way outdoors. In this way, I would be unique.

Makeup came next. I used more than a dash of liner, a touch of kohl, blusher, then a dazzling pink lipstick, made of the finest oils and grounded stones. These were all applied swiftly; within half-an-hour, tops.

My undergarments were already prepared for the eve; a black lace corset and a matching pair of black lace panties, for when Talos inevitably removed my dress after the ball. These would suit the long, knee-high socks I'd be donning for the eve, as well as my short heels.

Next came the dress. Yes... the garment that, under any normal circumstance, should conceal a woman's figure while still enabling her to express herself. But tonight, I wasn't hiding. Tonight, all who mattered in Solais, from the lowliest Lord to the wealthiest Chief Executive, would learn my name. And I would haunt their dreams for months, nay, years, usurping their wives and their mistresses too as their ultimate desire. And all it would take was a smile, a laugh, and a fleeting repetition of their name in conversation. All would then seek to please me, and none would suspect a thing. But sir, I'm only a little girl! Hehe!

I was standing before the bedroom mirror in my small clothes, holding the dress in both hands while giggling like a moron. It was certainly a riveting thought, albeit just a tad too bumptious. I'd at least meet them all tonight.

The dress itself was somewhat simple. It was a dark purple from hem to strap, and had been transmuted so it appeared to hold the tiniest diamonds on every inch of fabric, making it sparkle radiantly in the light. From the waist up, it could have been described as modest. My shoulders would be covered, and only an intriguing amount of cleavage was left bared. What was daring was the skirt; it only fell halfway down my thighs, leaving much of my legs exposed until my long socks could pick up the slack. One side of the skirt was pleated and shorter than the other, and I'd done my hair to specifically act as a counterbalance to this. Such a high hem wasn't even thought of in Solais; looks this daring were relegated to large cities of the Empire, or perhaps the red lamp district.

Finally, the jewelry. Amethyst earrings, an amethyst necklace, and a pearl bracelet I'd had since Redstone. I wouldn't be wearing my circlet tonight, as it didn't compliment the rest of my attire.

Phew. I plopped down onto the bed and reviewed myself in the full-length mirror to ensure I hadn't forgotten anything; yet, even this simple action almost exposed my panties, leaving me feeling... warm. I then tried to cross my legs, only to be flashed by my reflection as one leg draped over the other. And so I tried again, and did better this time... but where was the limit? What could I get away with?

I lept from the mattress, then twirled about in front of the mirror like some silly schoolgirl delighted by a necklace or something just as trivial. I curtseyed to myself. I blew myself a kiss. I leaned one way, legs together, so my ass appeared just that much more plump. I... bit my lip...

Hm. Was it so narcissistic to be turned on by your own reflection? And, if it was... did it really matter?

I shut my eyes and pinged against Talos' will, to ascertain his readiness for the night. He was... out in the courtyard with Tanya, conversing about this thing or that. They were ready to leave. Waiting for me.

Rail it. They could wait another five minutes.

I shoved my hand into panties as I fell back onto the mattress, and dreamt of a myriad of unlikely, carnal possibilities that the night could bring. Talos was taking Tanya as his date tonight, after all. I was the one going stag... or was it doe?

Perhaps the adorable Princess Amy, just one year my younger, would be in attendance tonight. Perhaps I could sneak off with her, our hands running over eachother's bodies, as we kissed in some corner of the castle far away from her father. The man I served.

I moaned.

No. What if Talos, feeling an overwhelming need to sate my desires, chose a strong, handsome man for me to share the night with with no repercussions? He wouldn't even need to tell me his name. I could be his one-night Fiona, doing all manner of debauchery with him before returning to my man come the morn'...

I shook.

No! I didn't need Talos! What if I wanted the entire Castle guard, instead?! I could lead them away, to the King's own bed even, and let them take me one by one as I... I...

"Yuhh!" I cried, shivered, and came. My chest heaved wildly as I caught my breath, and my eyes shot open to meet the world afresh.

-=-=-

We arrived at Castle Solais five minutes before the hour, and found the grounds already bursting with activity. Everyone who was anyone was here tonight, and they all had arrived on time - quite the difference when compared to Catrionan gatherings. In the Empire, you see, parties would start slow; guests were expected to appear up to two hours after an event's start, casually filtering in as if they'd something better to do beforehand. But here, in Solais, when cordially invited by the King, you arrived on time or you didn't arrive at all.
