 United Terran Military Force: 23rd Rogue Division. Reaper Squad.

Chapter 01: Don't mess with a Reaper.

*stick with it, this is apart of a longer story, so the first part is plot and character development, there is juicy sex at the end of this chapter.

"Nightmares are born from fear, and for someone who lives with the continuation of their life depending on; whether their next step will perhaps detonate a hidden mine, or if driving past that child's doll in the middle of the road will activate a block of improvised homemade explosives, or if just stepping out to investigate a possible suspect will result in a few hot rounds of enemy lead getting forced through your body armor into one of many vital organs. Fear is a constant, and nightmares are a common day occurrence around here.

For the soldiers of the 23rd Rogue Division, an elite infantry-born unit of the United Terran Military Force, fear is their breakfast, lunch and dinner. But, instead of feeling confined and trapped by its presence, they strive for it. Allowing it to well up inside, freeing them from the inability of action, the pause before a vital decision, and the wondering if moving will end their life. Instead, for them, the men and women who live on the edge and do the jobs that nobody in their right mind would accept, let alone volunteer for, standing still is death.

My name is Fran O'Day, reporter for The War Correspondent, that details the internal conflict's of multiple countries around the world. I'll be interviewing the men and women of the UTMF's, 23rd Rogue Divisions 'Reapers' at an undisclosed base of operations. A specialist squad of some of the best that this military has to offer."

The blonde haired, blue eyed, five foot five inch woman who was wearing rather dull civilian attire and a military patterned bullet-proof vest lowered the microphone as the camera went blank. She looked around the desert region that was known as Ill'hub, the location of the UTMF 23rd Division, and let out a rather disapproving sigh. Her cameraman, Jonas Gill, who stood at six foot four inches with brown eyes and pitch black hair clicked his tongue at the young reporter and smiled. Ever since arriving she had been nothing but unimpressed, and outwardly so. He had been in the business a long time, almost fifteen years, which made him the wise age of thirty five. Fran's youth of just twenty two often made him wonder why she accepted the less liked offers to work in the most remote regions of the world.

"Let's see if they will give us any interviews, it will be getting dark soon," Jonas coughed as a large gust of wind blew a handful of sand into his face. He picked up the shoulder mounted camera and a large bag of films, cleaners, tripod and filters before walking away. They had been put up inside one of the empty houses to the center of town with a few 23rd officers due to the lack of room.

"Fair enough," Fran retorted, taking just herself and the trusty TWC microphone with her to the house.

Inside at the kitchen table, sat a mix of ten male and female soldiers, each dressed in military garb, with dusty combat boots and either a bottle of beer or a cigarette in one hand. A topographical map lay on the tabletop, salt and pepper shakers holding down the corners, and one of the leading officers was giving a low key briefing. As soon as the two reporters walked in, which they were entitled to do, everyone went quiet and packed up the map. But not before Fran caught a glimpse of a small village no more than twenty kilometers away circled in red, she acted as if she had saw nothing though.

"The Colonel said you would be free for interviews, we promise to make it as painless as possible, and wont take up much of your time," Fran began before most of the soldiers just stood up and left the room. Paying her no attention. She didn't seem to mind, apart from a scowl, considering that two of the officers remained. Setting up the camera whilst Fran spoke, Jonas turned on a few more lights before placing a small microphone in the center of the table. Fran sat down and took out a note pad and pencil. 

"You are Lieutenant Olsen correct?" Fran stated, double checking his name tag before writing down his codename. Officer O.

"As agreed you will not be named or visually displayed in any way that your identity could be given away, you are noted as Officer O, do you accept these terms?" she asked, waiting on a response. The male soldier sat down, straightened out his shirt and put the bottle of beer on the floor beside the leg of his chair. He held his hands in his lap and looked at Fran with a sort of smirk.

"Yes ma'am."

It seemed they were short on words, but that didn't seem to bother Fran, and Jonas knew better than to expect a poet or a long winded answer. They were there for business, not to be plastered over the news as government propaganda. The interview went on for about fifteen minutes before the first officer was dismissed, and the next was ordered in. Two hours went by before one of the female soldier was sent in. She sat down, her rather photogenic looking face showed distaste, but she didn't let on too much.

"Sergeant M, do you think women are just as capable as men in this unit?" Fran asked, looking up and waiting on the response.

Sergeant Madison, obviously not expecting such a straight answer leaned forwards in her chair and tried to act polite, but each word was formed with just enough sting to it as to prove her point.

"Ma'am, most of these men are pussy-cats compared to me. Those 'haati' bastards better watch out if they get caught on the wrong side of my blade, I'll spill their blood faster than a fat girl eats cake at a birthday party!" the reply caused whoever was sitting in the next room to start making noise, laughter and mocking words among the sounds to waft through the earthen walls. "We passed the same requirements for both mental and physical entry, and kept up with firing scores and command training. It may be harder to stay as strong, but it's easier to stay focused when out there on the job. And I'll take focus over strength any day."

Jonas was smiling behind his camera at the answer, he knew that Fran had baited the reaction from the soldier, and would have agreed with almost every word. Minus maybe the spilling blood part. Fran nodded, ticking off the question before sliding straight into the next one. Not replying or giving any indication that the woman's reply had been unexpected or frightening.

"And Sergeant M, do you find your current mission to be somewhat out of the ordinary, keeping in mind that we have not asked for specific details or locations at all during these interviews. Just your basic gut feeling."

Sergeant Madison smirked, leaning back in the chair and crossing her arms. Under the table her legs were far apart to make the position as comfortable as possible. "It's okay, we all hate the sand and dust, but you get given an order and you follow it to the letter. Just because we happen to enjoy the action, doesn't mean we don't have individual notions about if the job is right or wrong. We enlisted, putting trust in our commanders decisions. We're not in a position to look over all the information, nor can we make an objective decision, go out into the field and complete a mission, all with the knowledge that nothing can go wrong."

Fran nodded firmly, and dismissed the female soldier. It was time for a break, considering that it was now well into the evening. The moon was full, the temperature was down and the following day's objectives were getting planned under lamp light.

It was in the early hours of the morning, around two o'clock, that the team of 'Reapers' were called together for their briefing. The four hour lecture, discussion and overall management fest discussed all area's of the following deployment into the field. Their insertion, how to undertake the mission, hit points, tactics, reinforcements, and exit from the field. At six o'clock in the morning, they were dressed in combat issue fatigues, protective gear and were carrying standard combat packs, for a week long mission. Enough to last them at least a fortnight if rationing supplies. The 'Reapers' squad consisted of eleven men and women. The commanding officer, Lieutenant Gregory Olsen carried his rifle, an M-16 and a simple sidearm, a M1911 Colt, his look was not one of amusement. Five of the soldiers, Sergeant Trevor Tillet, Corporal Elisa Macintyre, Private Lachlan Smith, Private Scott Hammond's and Private Marcus Gordon carried similar equipment but had supplies for demolition, designation and other specific roles split up between them. Two of the soldiers carried heavier firepower in the way of M249 SAW support rifles, and Corporal John Skinner and Private First Class Anthony Lions compared the rifles 'size' with that of the standard assault rifles. The rest of the team included their communications woman, Private Megan Darcy, and medic Corporal Paul Dyson. The final member of the squad was Sergeant Gracie Madison, a elite markswomen who had been transferred from the Special Forces after a rather inappropriate incident involving one of her other squad mates.

A helicopter waited outside the small town, and at six thirty am, the squad was settled into the Blackhawk helicopter calmly, each with their own personal nervous trait showing even through the stone exterior.

***

The night before they had all been at the makeshift UTMF bar which was a converted hall, with crates for a bar and a generator driven cooler as a fridge. They had all been plastered by the time the bar was closed and both men and women had helped each other back to their quarters. Most of the soldiers fell asleep quickly, but some had more life left in them. Sergeant Madison sneaked, tip toeing up the stairs of the double story red mud brick house, trying not to fall over before reaching one of the rooms. She pushed the door open and quietly moved inside. On one of the beds lay a passed out Lieutenant Olsen, still in his uniform and not moving or stirring as the wooden door was opened. Gracie flinched and screwed up her shoulders and face as the door creaked loudly, before closing it again, with the same physical reaction when it creaked again.

Moving over to the bed she undid the sides of her protective vest, and slipped it onto the floor before unbuttoning her shirt. Underneath she wore a dark green tank top and a bra for support. Her rather curvy figure not the easiest to run with, but she had perfected moving quietly and quickly for her marksman profession. Lieutenant Olsen rolled over, knocking a mostly empty bottle of beer onto the ground spilling it. He didn't wake though. Gracie pulled off her shirt and slipped out of the tank top, leaving just her bra covering her upper half. Letting down her hair, which was a strawberry blonde color, her green eyes shone in the dark like that of a cat's stalking it's prey. She moved slowly now, her cheeks still rosy red from the nights drinking, and unzipped her pants, stripping down just to her underwear before tugging at the pants to pull them over the top of her combat boots. She wouldn't even bother removing them, they took way too long.

Crawling onto the end of the bed, Gracie, moving like the cat she was, avoided touching Olsen as much as possible until she hovered over him. Her fingers, more prone to squeezing a delicate trigger, plucked each button out of his shirt before pushing it open to reveal his toned, tanned chest. She leaned in and breathed warmly on his neck, making him stir slightly and mumble in his drunken sleep. Her fingers moved down lower, and unzipped his pants, moving his underwear down to reveal his sleeping manhood. Her stroking quickly bringing even it to life, if not it's owner. Her lips pressed against his softly, and she looked down at him, licking her own until they glistened in the moonlight. Her bust bulging inside her bra as she leaned over him, two large handfuls making up her breast's which she had heard was a great amount. She took his hand and rubbed it against her right breast, and he mumbled again. She leaned back, kneeling between his spread legs, stroking his firming cock in one hand and squeezing her firm breast with his hand. He opened one of his eyes and mumbled, this time an audible word.

"Madison?" he questioned before sitting bolt upright as his groggy eyes took in her almost naked body, his unzipped fly and erect penis and his hand, squeezing her breast all on it's own now.

"Lieutenant," Gracie purred, leaning in to kiss his neck and let the tip of her tongue run gently up to his earlobe.

"You wanted to see me?" she laughed quietly, still stroking his member as he let out a soft and fought moan. Her whole hand now wrapping around his shaft but staying very light.

He pushed her back, and took his hand away, staring at her own hand and then at her bust as it sat at his eye level. Licking his lips, and trying to decide the right course of action. He lay back down and covered his eyes with his lower arm. Trying to think whilst shaking his head, suddenly he grabbed her by the hair and tugged harshly as the warmth of her mouth and the invite of her tongue jarred his thoughts. She had lent down and taken his erect member in her mouth, deep throating his cock on the first taste. He moaned louder, and couldn't help pushing her head down instead of pulling back to push her away. Gracie pulled her head back now, knowing that he wanted it and sat there, waiting. He looked at her, an angry expression on his face, mostly due to frustration and took her by the arms. Shaking her sharply for a moment before kissing her lips, his tongue pushing past her and tackling hers. She lent into him, using her knee to softly pressure his groin.

"You'll be the death of me Gracie!" he warned, breaking the kiss to look into her eyes. He spoke in a hushed growl before running a hand up her arm to caress her neck, she purred again, nuzzling his hand until it moved away. He followed the curve of her spine until his fingers clasped the back of her bra and flicked it undone. Her breasts bouncing as she brought herself up from a sitting kneel to a standing one, and let them dangle at his eye height.

"But I thought you liked the danger?" she teased, each word making her cleavage jiggle with vibrations.

He growled more out of hunger now and locked his lips around her nipples, sucking harshly making her yelp suddenly for which he pulled away and slapped her cheek.

"No noise!" he demanded and she nodded, enjoying the heat and pain of the inflamed skin.

She leaned forward again, and pulled his pant's down more. Doing the same as she had to pull them down over the boots, taking a second or two longer than she wanted. Knowing already that she was getting wetter as the moments passed. He kicked them off with a few forceful moves, and dragged her down so her face was in his crotch again. She took his erect cock in her mouth again, and this time did her very best to pleasure him. After a minute, when he began to moan a little bit more he pushed her head down, and pulled it back more forcefully, making her pay for waking him up. He thrust up into her mouth several times until the tip of his cock made her gag and then pushed her back off him. She blushed slightly, and licked at his tip a few times to apologize.

"Now, turn around and hold on for the ride," Olsen ordered and with one swift move she spun around and held onto the base of the bed in anticipation, it creaked softly with it's occupants movement. She could feel him moving up behind her and felt his hands grab her ass cheeks and spread them apart under her underwear, observing her. He ran a firm finger down past her asshole and up and down her slit, feeling her quiver as he did so. Her clit was already plump and ready for working, and her pussy dripped. He pulled his finger away and held it out for her to lick, she did so, tasting her own juices and cleaning his fingers completely. He grabbed her underwear and pulled them down, enough to reveal her toned ass, and waiting pussy. She was clean shaven, something that meant she could stay cleaner when not around a running water supply for longer. A smart move, and one that made his loins throb at the sight.

He rubbed himself, getting himself nice and hard again after going slightly soft from the transition between getting aroused and taking off his pants. He became hard fast and moved in closer, barely touching his tip against the wet lips of her pussy, running it up and down the slit to stimulate her.

"Gregory," she whimpered, letting out a long moan until she tensed up immediately as his open palm slapped across her left ass cheek. She could feel the heat throbbing it's way through her, and could feel a tear forming.

"That's Lieutenant to you," he retorted, snorting slightly as she pushed back on his tip. He laughed slightly, she was a horny little bitch, this was turning her on, not pushing her away. All the more fun for the mid twenties man, his raven hair and light blue eyes making him a ruggedly attractive leader. He had been involved in the 23rd Rogue Division for only five years, but had passed officer academy with top scores, he was an excellent field officer.

Gracie whimpered, pushing back until he pushed her ass forward to take away the pressure. She pushed back again, fighting him, wanting to push his rather wide eight inch dick deep inside her.

"Lieutenant," she said, turning around to plead with her eyes, and he smiled, pushing his cock inside her pussy lips harder, rubbing it against her clip to make her moan and tense up slightly. She let out another loud moan and he slapped her ass cheeks harder this time, making more noise than she had. But nobody within the 'Reaper' squad would care. And most were well asleep. They had been set up in quarters away from the other officers and 23rd Rogue Division due to their loud behavior and love of drinking. He felt his loins throb, and finally decided to give a good punishment to this hot, dangerous woman who had chosen him for the night instead of one of the other men, or women.

He grabbed her ass, spreading her cheeks wide after putting a finger to his lips, and once she nodded in acceptance of the silence he commanded, he thrust into her pussy with one solid forceful push. The effort brought him a loud painful cry of pleasure from the woman, and a satisfied build-up of pressure for him. He pulled back once he was buried deep inside her, and held her still again, her entire body getting pushed forward onto her elbows from the first thrust. "Still want me to give you a good fucking tonight Sergeant?" he asked, but as she opened her mouth to reply he thrust in again with even more power, and she screamed out once before he slapped her ass cheeks again. Her lip bled slightly from biting down on it, and the metallic taste filled her mouth slowly as she forced herself to stay silent. He pulled all the way out, and she looked back at him, wondering why he had stopped and felt two fingers enter her pussy, covering themselves in her juices before getting pulled back out quickly. She shook with the need to release the rising heat and pressure within her own loins and also pulled away when one of Olsen's fingers was jammed into her asshole sharply, followed closely by his cock ravaging her pussy again. Over and over he thrust up into her, finding the inner walls of her womanhood clamping down on him. Massaging his now more sensitive cock as she bucked under him.

She was a good ride, that was for sure, and as he felt himself getting closer, he pushed a second finger into her ass, making her squeal at the feeling, her pussy contracting suddenly as she came, a strong orgasm rippling through her, making her cry out and protest as he continued to fuck her asshole and pussy at the same time with increasing speed and ferocity. He grabbed her hair as she screamed loudly, and shoved her head down into the blankets at the base of the bed, muffling and half suffocating her as he pulled out of her pussy and buried his now big, hard and almost ready to burst cock into her partly primed ass. Her eyes shot open, and she screamed, coming a second time and bucked in protest. He put all her weight down onto her, trapping her lighter frame under his built body and used the last few ounces of his strength before he came to rock in and out of her a few times. On the final thrust he let out a loud groan and grunt and left his cock deep inside her as he cried out in a primal show that he was pleased and pleasured well. His cock pumped his sticky white seed inside her ass, and he could hear her crying as her ass burned. But inside she was also crying because it had been two of the best orgasm's she had ever had.
