 He grabbed her underneath her thighs and pulled her towards the edge of the bed. Her clit was standing outside of the hidden hood now, waiting for more, swollen with pressure. His tongue moved slowly up the inner curve of her thighs as she writhed before him. Savoring the anticipation, but begging for it to stop. He stopped with his tongue to watch her as he traced the same trail with his fingers. Lightly moving ever upwards, stopping just short of what she wanted, needed, him to be. He lined her lips with her juice, always slowly moving, in order to drag it out for him as well as for her. With a sense of urgency he finally pushed a finger inside of her. 

She stretched her legs farther apart to try to get more of the sensation that was building inside of her. He refused to move his fingers when she thrusted. She tried to rock herself on his hand, but he would pull away. She finally laid as quietly as she could. 

He smiled and pushed the fingers back in. She was having a difficult time not moving against them, but she knew if she did the pleasure would stop. She couldn't have that. She was too far gone by this point. 

He lowered his head to meet his fingers and exhaled slowly over her overheated sex. The moisture caused it to be a thrilling sensation full of promise. He finally flicked his tongue lightly over her lips, running over his fingers briefly. Her body jerked in response. 

He placed his other hand on her abdomen, holding her in place. He thrust his tongue in erratic circles around and around, full moist tongue delving, but never hitting the key spot dying for its attention. 

Her hands found her nipples and roughly massaged them, trying to add to the sensation in order to finish what he was starting. All that did was add to it until it was like a bolt of lightning hit when he finally ran his tongue quickly over the hardened nub. She moaned from relief as much as from pleasure. 

He used the full flat of his tongue and proceeded to lick her just there. He switched to a faster speed with a lighter touch. His fingers gaining speed inside her. She could hear her own wetness growing as he snaked them in and out. He dipped his head in and took her sex into his mouth and sucked and licked her until she finally bucked against everything. 

As her body arched ached arced into the air, he refused to let her go until she finally landed back on the mattress with a slight spray of fluid erupting around his hand. The pressure that built with in her had given way and pushed the tension out in an aromatic stream. 

Her eyes were half closed as she felt the fabric of reality give way. She loved floating in this space. She felt everything and nothing all at once. Colors were brighter and she could taste the slight scents in the air. This was where she needed to be to tap into her power completely. She took his name and rolled it into her mouth. It curled itself into a amethyst haze against her tongue and she could taste the tang of the magic she withheld. She exhaled the name slowly, feeling the smoke escape her lips with a surety of a deed done. The knowing sensation in her body told her that her spell had been successful.

She came back into the realm of normalcy as one would wake from a dream. With a quiet sigh of contentment she looked at her consort. His dark green eyes gleamed from lust. 

"Thank you." She whispered. "Now lay down." 

His smooth form rippled beside her as he prepared for what she does. He lounged back and awaited her presence. He loved when she was fully charged. He could feel her energy crackle along him. He knew this would be one of the times she would make him forget his own name. He would black out, and she would be gone.

She sat on her haunches, easily moving back and forth on his shaft between them. Her juices slicked the motion, stirring the air with her scent. One of her hands delved down between them in between her lips, rubbing frantically at her clit. The sounds of her fingers massaging the small piece of flesh and the hard slap of the cock burying in her caused him to look up and see her throw her head back and moan. Her hair was surrounding her face and the energy she was channeling floated it around as if she was under water. The black curls moved in silken waves. Her pale skin had taken on a slight blue glow as the power surged just inside her being. It made her body hum as he thrusted up to meet her. 

Her fingers were slick as she lowered her head to look him in the eye. The liquid caught a bit of the sheen from her, giving them a glazed appearance when she winked and promptly licked them and moved them into her mouth. 

He groaned and pulled her down to kiss him, tasting her on his lips, and her own. Her tongue licked his lips and pushed inside, sliding over his teeth, questing a mate to play and dance against her own. She drew his bottom lip gently between her teeth, licking it fervently while dragging them shut. She once again rose up on him and changed her movements. 

She swivelled her hips in a figure eight fashion, rolling the tip of his cock along the rim between her soaked pussy lips before devouring him slowly, as with each eight she moved lower and lower down until she was brushing her smooth, shaven mound against his. She giggled as he groaned at the teasing. 

She moved up again and only took in the very tip of his cock as she straddled him; dipping her hips just slightly. 

When he tried to grasp her and pull her down onto him, she would back away much as he had done while tormenting her. With another giggle she pushed herself down onto him in one smooth motion, burying him to the hilt.

She started her pace of back and forth again with greater intensity. Her fingers once again found their way to her clit. He could feel her muscles start to clench him inside as she started to give off the spasms he knew signaled the start of her final orgasm. The one he could never do without. 

He never had a woman be in such control of her muscles before. She knew how to move him so he throbbed against her along her wall. He could feel himself swelling as it felt like it was massaging the underside of his cock, coaxing out the cum it knew was there. 

He was nearing the edge of what he could stand. She felt like white lightning inside. An odd sensation he had never been able to fully describe. When she was completely immersed in the flow of energy, she felt like liquid fire and ice all at the same time while enveloping him in a tightening channel that seemed to grasp every inch. It pushed him for that final moment in order to drain every drop he had deep within her. 

She quickened her movements, and he could feel her drip like a broken honeycomb from between them onto his balls. Her fingers grazed them while she rubbed herself, causing a light touch that only served to add to the sensations. He could the feel channel tighten and squeeze him. 

He had to focus. She was close. He grabbed her hips and pumped himself into her trying to stay inside for the quaking orgasm. He had no choice in the matter as a scream erupted past her lips. The energy flared around her, blinding him briefly in the dark room. The scream was of pure release filling his senses as he tried to keep himself inside her. The channel had squeezed him deliciously tight as it pushed him out with the force of her cumming. The tightness on the head of his cock caused him to spurt against her, feeling it drip back down on him. He kept streaming out strands of heady semen as if his very being was trying to escape through the sticky mass. He felt like his body had been atomized and put back together. His muscles seemed like they had turned themselves inside out, and had traveled back to their original position. That must be what happened, as he could no longer move any of them. He closed his eyes for a moment. 

She smiled as she looked down on her consort as he closed his eyes. He was always very good and supplied her with what she needed. She moved herself off of his form and stood beside the bed. 

The last orgasm had enough potency to keep her levels up for a good couple of days. Enough to scry and heal clearly. She had needed the tension to be released and her levels were dangerously low when she had finally called him. 

She worked with people; feeding them healing energy while taking their own negative feelings into herself. She purged their dread from herself, leaving a vacant space in her aura with no energy to fill it. 

Sex was the easiest way to replace that energy in her system. It was the best way for her to travel to the other plane without much effort on her part. Well, not any effort she didn't mind expending. She grinned as she saw that his breathing had become deep and regular. Another job well done. She could smell the sweet scent of sleep from his aura. She waited until the glow from her skin had ceased and her hair had settled to a somewhat normal position before getting dressed, and letting herself out of the apartment.