 

New Friends



Monday morning, after a quickie for the road, Ginnie left Dave at the farm to negotiate a home swap with their Aunt and Uncle, while she went back to town to open her shop. Charlotte they deflated, folded and boxed, mostly to keep her out of trouble.

It was nearly closing time when Carl entered. Ginnie smiled - the boy was even more embarrassed by her inventory than the first time he had come. He was trying to keep his back to the wall, but was several times goosed by something stiff and rubbery.

"Excuse me - I expect you remember me," he said, nervously.

"Of course. Come for your driver's license finally?"

"Um. Sorta. My friends - I told my friends that I was coming here - to see about getting it back." His friends? Ginnie finally realized he was afraid of her - and he wanted her to know someone would be looking for him. "At first, I thought one of them had done something with the doll. But the box you sent it in ..."

"Sure," she said. "Plain brown wrapper sort of thing - discrete, right?"

"Yeah, see, that was still there, but the doll, nobody would admit ... well, that didn't prove anything. But Chuck's cell phone disappeared that night, along with some cash. It didn't seem likely, but we kinda suspected the girls. Who else was there? Then I bumped into Arleen, and she asked me who the third girl in the cab was. She said she thought it was a guy at first, what with the hat and coat, until they dropped the kid off. Ahh ... Arleen was pretty drunk, right? But she said this girl had a pretty-shaped face, what she could see of it between hat and collar, and what with the sunglasses. Only, under the streetlight, it looked like her face was ..."

"Bright red. Yeah. Only that's crazy talk, isn't it? An inflatable fuck toy wandering around. Wait - was Arleen the skinny one or the plump one?"

Carl's eyes grew wide. "It's true, isn't it? It can't be, but when she fucked me ..." He paled, and whispered, "What did you do to her?"

"Relax, Carl. One of your friends brought my Charlotte doll back that Monday morning. He must have taken it home, first, for a bit of the old in-and-out, huh?"

"How did you know my ..."

Get a grip, dude. Your name is on your license - here ya go. I guess your pals were just messing with you. All's well that ends well, huh?"

"The skinny one."

"Wazzat?"

"Arleen is the skinny one."

"Thought so. Listen," she said, with one eyebrow arched in a way she hoped was menacing. "I wouldn't tell the guys I let you in on their, ahh, prank. Play it cool, right? Tell 'em I felt sorry for you and just gave you the license back, doll or no doll. I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. By the way, I'm thinking I might start up a line of male dolls, if you know anybody who's interested. Mouth, ass, big wang - could be a winner." She paused and looked at him thoughtfully. "I just ordered a toy from one of my suppliers. It's a fat phallus rooted to a thick butt bung. Not all that practical, really - what were they thinking, right? But the ass-plug end should lock into Charlotte like a bayonet, top or bottom. So this new line, I just could blow off the attached cock - go androgynous. We just need three holes and a few of these lock-on toys, along with pert little titties and a pretty face ... like yours. Anyhow, thanks for the ideas, Carl. Pop back anytime. Here's some edible panties - on the house." She tossed a lewd package to him and he caught it without thinking. "I really think you should get to know Arleen better. I hear - that is to say, rumor has it - that she was impressed by your prowess. Arleen, that is. See ya!"

With a look of horror on his face, Carl backed carefully to the front door before turning and bolting. Luckily he took both his driver's license and the panties with him.

"Nice boy," she said to the empty shop. "Pity to have to threaten him. Hope he and that Arleen hit it off."

 ** ** ** ** ** ** ** ** **