 This is the story of Charlotte, a witch with no other social experiences than with other witches. Those other witches are usually old and not very social themselves, so Charlotte has a lot to learn.

A young and confident witch learns about men and the many possible ways to interact with them that she has missed in her current 30 years. Welcome to this medieval world with fairy courts, castles, witches, evil wizards and warlocks. Things will start to get really kinky as the shape changing fairies enter the scene too.

Do not copy this work or parts of it to other sites than Literotica. Many thanks to Linda62953 to help me to present this story better. 

Chapter 1: Housebuilding

Charlotte finally found a proper footpath after days of walking through the mountains. A few times she had to backtrack her steps when she encountered a steep drop or a cliff with an impossible to pass wild water stream underneath it.

She had been reluctant to leave a lot of useful tools at her aunts house, still her backpack was slowing her down more than she liked.

At least this path was clearly from a shepherd moving sheep to and from different mountain meadows. She was sure to find a village this way and that motivated her. There was not much food left in her pack and travel would be slower if she had to find something edible every day.

She could only see forested mountain slopes, but under her the deep cut valley had widened and could soon allow space for people to plough and produce enough food for a village.

In the mountains, the best walkways are higher on the slopes, but those are also often washed away in the spring.

Charlotte's newfound path turned downhill. That meant that the trees would soon totally block her sight. Normally this was a bad move, but her long experience of living in the mountains told her that it was all right. She had a few hours of light to go, and the thought of sleeping inside instead of on the cold rocky ground was promising.

Moving downhill on a muddy path was much different from the stones higher on the mountain. She liked this change a lot and was moving quite a bit faster. In an hours time, she was almost at the bottom of the valley and even saw some grass through the trees below.

Minutes later she had walked out of the trees onto a field of grass blinking against the low shining sun. Finally, she could orient herself again and her sight found a few buildings lower in the valley. That should be Upper Roding, one of the villages in the deeper valleys of the mountains.

On a lower mountain slope, but higher than the village was the local castle. It didn't look imposing from this relatively high viewpoint, but from the village that would be different.

The air in the valley was a lot warmer, than higher in the mountains; still nothing like a summer afternoon. She already liked it. She started to walk further down into the valley.

Somewhat later the stream in this valley turned close to the left slope opposing the one she just scaled. Blank rocks were visible between the trees and a moment later she saw a small lake, and she heard the sound of splashing water. A small brook from the other slope ended in a waterfall splashing invitingly into the lake. Immediately she felt that this would be her favourite spot.

Her Aunt Isabel had always been strict about washing every day. By now Charlotte was used to cold water every morning, but a waterfall was much better than a brook or a tub that first had to be filled. It was a labour she could live easily without.

When talking about washing was the only time Charlotte had heard Isabel mentioning other people than witches. "Many people don't wash themselves for weeks. Not only do they stink, but it is also very bad for their health. No wonder most of them wither away before their sixtieth birthday."

That was quite a statement because Isabel herself was proud of her age, which was twice as high. Her 120 years were more than a regular human could hope to reach, but witches seem to age a lot slower than other people. Charlotte was young with her 30 years but for normal folks that was already a respectable age.

But Isabel had been a thorough tutor and would not let Charlotte into the world unless she had learned all about plants and herbs. Every fungus has its use, and when you learn to differentiate between them there are hundreds of different types. It had taken many years, and many tours through the mountains before Charlotte could earn the title 'witch'.

Charlotte was delighted that her mother Bianca told her to move to Upper Roding as a place to practice her craft. Bianca knew the place from earlier and had even found someone willing to build a house for her near by. Speaking of a house, Charlotte could hear something hammering on wood.

Under the lake, the valley had broadened giving room for a larger meadow. To the upper side of it someone had recently built a house.

A man was sitting on the roof fastening the last small planks that were used as tiles to keep the rain out. It looked like heavy work because he had put down his shirt and Charlotte saw his muscles moving across his bare shoulders. Quickly Charlotte walked to the house hailing the man when she was close.

"Hello, could you possibly be Dan Parker?"

The man turned slowly around to keep his balance. "No sorry, my name is Bryan Wells. Dan is my master carpenter." He had a pleasant face with blonde hair and quite a stubble but no real beard.

At the sound of talking, the door of the house opened and a slightly older man stepped outside smiling brightly. "Welcome Charlotte Cartwright, you have arrived at exactly the right moment. Your house is almost finished and should be water tight when Bryan finishes his job today."

Dan was a big man who should be able to lift wooden beams easily. He had dark hair with a hint of grey streaks through it, together with a short and neatly trimmed beard.

"That would be wonderful. Thank you Dan and Bryan." Charlotte already felt at home here, even before she entered her new home and with two totally unknown men around. She had felt anxious before about living near people other than the few witches she knew, but that feeling had washed away instantly.

"Come in, I'll give you a tour through your new home," said Dan while stepping aside from the door. Charlotte took the invitation head on and strolled inside. Dan was a lot bigger than Charlotte with arms twice the size of hers. She had done physical chores for almost all her life but she felt tiny when walking past the carpenter.

"Just leave your goods in the front room. This is built to leave muddy shoes and wet clothes here." Charlotte saw a small bench where she sat down to unfasten her shoes and was relieved to walk without them. She immediately missed her soft leather sandals she left at Isabel's house. Bare footed, she stood up to step further into her house.

Dan had seen her looking at her feet. "You have thick skin on your feet, you should not fear splinters. There is a woollen carpet made by my wife inside. She wanted to do her part too, it took nearly all winter to create, more time than it took us to build the rest of this house."

Charlotte needed no more encouragement, and she opened the next door and stepped into an almost fully furnished living room. "This is too much Dan, you have gone through great pains to build me this home."

That instant Dan burst out in laughter, his voice booming and even echoing through the valley. It took a few moments before he could control himself again. Charlotte still stood in the doorway trying to see all the details of her living room.

Witches are always very practical about their houses. It's hard work to keep your houses dry through the harsh winters in the mountains. Not a lot of time is put into furniture or comfort. This was by far the most luxurious room Charlotte had ever seen in her life.

"Hey girl, you may step inside, there is more to see than just the carpet."

Charlotte tentative moved a foot forwards to try standing on the wool. It felt like a short grass meadow in the spring. It was warm to the touch.

Inside the room was a table with a couple of chairs and a couch near a fireplace with a metal grating around it. Witches never needed a grating because sparks didn't have much chance on their floors. Wooden floors would normally smoulder, they had a clay slab around their fireplaces so that sparks would cinder. It was practical, and the norm, but this was totally something else.

"Why..." was the only thing Charlotte could utter. She stood still again unable to comprehend what was around her.

Dan had noticed her reaction and did something to break the spell. He took a chair from the table, turned it around a sat down on it. "Charlotte, do you know what your mother has done for us?"

Charlotte slowly shook her head but didn't answer otherwise.

"Last spring a disease spread through this region. Most adults only coughed a bit more than usual, but a lot of children were really ill."

"My three children were even worse off than most of them. My wife Ilsa and I were afraid we would lose them. We went to our village head for guidance, knowing he had little medical knowledge. But he still helped us.

"He used some mystical way to call Bianca, and she arrived the second day. She brought with her a backpack full of herbs and other witch things.

"Bianca examined my dying children and brewed something to help them through the night with less coughing than before. She worked through the night to find a better cure for them and was successful, they were saved. And with them, some other children in our village too.

"This house is the least thing we could do to give something back, and you, her daughter will be welcome here; forever."

After that little speech, Charlotte knew better what had moved this big carpenter and noticed his love in the things around her. With tears swelling in her eyes, she turned towards the big man and hugged him. "Thank you again Dan, you make me feel more than welcome."

Charlotte held him close for a while, and in a moment she noticed he had turned quiet as she had before. She stepped back to look at the man his head was somewhat redder than before.

"Ehh; I think it is time for me to go home. You will find everything you normally need around the house." The man stood up and stepped, a bit unstable at first, towards the door. "Make yourself at home here. And come to my house soon to meet Ilsa and my kids, she would be delighted. Bye."

Quicker than Charlotte had expected she was alone again. Save for Bryan still working to finish her roof. Her stomach growled to get her attention, she had to cook something soon, the long day of walking had taken its toll on her body.

Her practical nature kicked in, and she searched the place for firewood and cooking gear. There were lots of small pieces of leftover wood on a pile against the back of the house, and in a cupboard she found a nice cooking pot. She couldn't imagine a witch hiding such useful things behind doors and already thought about a rope to hang pots on like usual.

Reluctant to cook the last of her travelling rations she fetched a piece of fungus from her backpack. Even in a hurry she would not pass something edible without taking it with her. In a pouch on her belt, she also had a couple of somewhat conserved sweet chestnuts. It wasn't much, but she could cook and roast it into something edible.

All she needed with it was some fresh herbs, and it only took a short while to find something near the forest shade.

She found a small stream close to the house that flowed from a well higher up in the forest. For now she needed to climb a bit for fresh water, later she could build something to keep the leaves and other things out of the water and bring flowing water directly to her house. This house was build in a very nice spot.

Within a quarter of an hour, a fire was burning, and a pot was hanging above it with soup in it. She thought about the man still mending her roof and added some of her dried meat to it for more nourishment and flavour. Later she went outside again, to talk to the hard working Bryan.

"Hello Bryan, would you like something to eat?"

Rather quickly he peaked down from the roof with amazement showing on his face. "Did you manage to cook? You arrived this afternoon."

"I lived in the mountains long enough to be able to feed myself. Come down and eat; speaking for me, I'm hungry."

Bryan quickly climbed down and entered the front room of the house. There he took the time to put on his shirt and pull off his shoes. Charlotte waited for him to finish and had filled two wooden cups with the soup; she put the chestnuts on a wooden board.

Then he entered the room and sat down on a chair by the table. He looked hungry, but also anxious at the offered soup. Charlotte did not wait for him to start eating herself, thinking what she could use to improve about this recipe.

Bryan took a tentative sip from the cup tasting it. He had never tasted something like this soup. He could not determine its content, but it clearly didn't taste bad. He drank the warm soup quickly.

"What did you put in this soup?" Was the obvious question after the empty cup was on the table.

"Oh just fungus I took from the forest on my way here. It is not very tasty, but it is nutritious."

After that answer Bryan's face looked greyer than before. "Almost every fungus in the forest is bad for you, some of it could kill you."

"But this one is fine, rest assured. I have eaten it numerous times."

Fighting to keep his composure Bryan fought his urge to run outside and throw up his meal. "That cannot be true, you are very young. Likely younger than me."

"How old are you then," was Charlotte's obvious question.

"I became 25 last month."

"Ha. Actually I am more than 5 years your superior and I learned everything about plants in the last years."

It took a while for Bryan to close his mouth.

Charlotte had heard that most people knew nothing of witches; so his surprise was in itself not surprising. Suddenly she had the feeling telling everybody everything about witches would be quite an undertaking and probably not wise.

"My family's age is often misjudged." Was her honest but not totally complete statement about her age. She actually felt younger now than Bryan who was considered a full adult by everybody around him and she only half so.

After some thought, Bryan's only comment was, "You talk strange, where did you live?"

More things in need of explaining, she had grown up between older women with little contact with the rest of the world. She really needed to learn their way of speech or everybody would notice that directly.

"I travelled quite a long time to come here. My mother used to live here some time ago, before I was born." Again the truth but not everything, the actual distance she travelled was not far but in the mountains travelling takes a lot of time.

"Could you help me cleaning up the cooking utensils?" Bryan looked bewildered but nodded and took the cups and pan outside to wash.

Charlotte fetched her backpack to get a change of clothing. She had one other set of everything. Later she could try to buy cloth for more clothing.

She turned inside and changed her skirt and blouse. When ready, she turned around facing a completely motionless Bryan standing in the door with a clean pan and cups still dripping water in his hands.

"Ah. You can put the pan here in this cupboard, a very inconvenient place for it, but it has to do for now."

Bryan moved stiffly to the cupboard and put the things inside, taking longer than would be necessary for the job.

"Do you plan to continue with the roof this evening? It won't rain any time soon, you do not need to hurry." Bryan was looking foggy eyed at Charlotte and reacted only by shaking his head.

"What happened to you? Did my soup really ruin your digestion? Come sit down a moment." Charlotte led the big man to her far too soft looking couch, he set down, but he looked as if he had a bit of a fever. "I will get you some water to drink."

Like usual, Charlotte had brought more water from the well than was directly needed, she had some left and could fetch a cup of water quickly. "Here you are." Leaning down she offered the drink to Bryan who had not moved, but still appeared to be out of breath.

Bryan took the cup with one hand, but with the other he pushed Charlotte beside him. He drank a mouth full of water and leaned back. "Feeling better?" He nodded, and put an arm around Charlotte.

The last time Charlotte had seen her mother, Bianca had put up a stern face. "You know a lot already about our craft, but you lack knowledge in lots of other things."

"What should I learn then?" had been Charlotte's question.

"You should learn how to communicate. Communication is a lot more than just talking, that is why you should go to a place where you can interact with more persons than a handful of witches."

Charlotte had been puzzled by this statement, she was interested enough in those people who sometimes came to her mother's house when she was young. But Isabel almost never had guests like that; so she hadn't really talked to people.

By now Bryan was doing more than just talking, he had pulled Charlotte close to him and was stroking her back. She let him continue. Was this that non-talking part of communication she had to learn? When feeling, that she did not push him away, Bryan changed his stance into a full hug.

Charlotte did hugs when people are upset, was Bryan feverish and upset? She hugged him back a little and could feel his arm muscles moving around her. He was stronger than she was, but witches are not easily impressed by physical strength. Once she had faced down an angry bear on one of her trips through the mountains to collect special plants. That beast was quite a bit stronger than Bryan could hope to be. No, she was not afraid, but she did wonder what Bryan wanted from her.

After a moment of hugging Bryan moved one hand down to her bottom. That, made her jump in surprise. She was feeling hot in his close embrace and with having her breasts rubbing against him. He was slowly massaging her bottom with one hand. It was getting hard to breathe.

"Bryan, are you not expected back by your family?" Charlotte asked with some effort to get an opening out of this rather tight and slightly awkward situation.

That was clearly not what Bryan wanted to hear, and he did something to prevent further protests from her. Having his hands occupied he just pushed his lips against her mouth. Now she really was getting into trouble getting enough breath. How did she get into such a situation on her first day in her house?

The hand on her bottom suddenly pushed her skirt between her legs, brushing it against her vagina. Another surprise jump from her body made her breasts feel sore. Only then, did Charlotte realise his intentions. He wanted to mate with her! She was somewhat familiar with that, enough animals did it around her.

But this was too pushed on her, normally female animals just walked, swam, or flew away from a too lustful male. And besides, she didn't want to have a child from Bryan, he was handsome enough, but Charlotte liked a say in such matters. She started to push Bryan away, at least freeing her mouth for more air.

"Stop it Bryan." Was all she managed to say between her hard breathing, but the only result of her fighting was that they rolled from the couch onto the carpet. At least it was soft too, usually she would have bruised herself from such a fall.

But Bryan seemed not to notice her fighting or talking and was brawling with her and got on top. He was well built and strong, he could do what he wanted, and now he wanted to mate. His phallus was out, and he had pushed her skirts up and pushed her underclothes to the side.
