 Do not copy this work or parts of it to other sites than Literotica.

Many thanks to Linda62953 to help me to present this story better. 

Chapter 2: Morning shower

The next morning, Charlotte woke up with the sound of hundreds of birds crying and singing like there was no tomorrow. She checked to see how dry her clothes were by now, and she was not happy. They would need to dry while she was wearing them, and that did not feel like a nice way to start the day. Well, she wanted to explore the little lake with the waterfall higher in the valley for bathing anyway, she could let her clothes dry there a little bit longer.

She fetched her cleaning rag and soap and started walking up the valley again. She walked with her legs apart a bit to prevent roughening her skin on her still, much too wet underclothes. Walking this way was awkward, but that was not the only thing bothering her right now. A couple of times as she looked around her; she felt as if someone was observing her. This feeling did not wear off till she stood on the sandy skirts of the small lake.

Charlotte was quite sure she was being followed but pondered what to do about it. She had looked forward to taking her sweet time washing herself. She wanted to visit the village and take a tour of the main valley today. But, she was not in a hurry to start while still wearing half wet clothing.

She considered if calling out would help finding the spotter or if she should walk around to try to find him. There were far too many places to sneak around here with the rather dense trees and foliage around, and she did not want to make a fool out of herself.

Well darn it, she just would do what she had planned. If someone was that interested to watch, let it be for now. More careful than she would usually do, she found a handy bush to hang her clothes on so she could easily spot them from in the water.

Then she stripped and hung her clothes up to dry some more. Armed with only her cleaning rag and soap she stepped in the water with the feeling of someone looking at her intensely. It had to be a man. As she could not think it was Bryan or Rob, it would have to be a totally unknown man.

The water was not deep and was rather cold, she was partly grateful it was not deeper, but it did only block half her calves from view. She was really giving a show to someone. She stepped under the small waterfall; it was warmer than the main stream and felt as good as she had hoped it to be.

She wondered if she would be able to concentrate on the viewer enough to tell her his exact spot but thought against it immediately. When in a tight spot she could muster that sort of thing, but it would drain her energy a lot; it was not worth it. She started with her normal washing routine which included soaping, scrubbing and washing off her breasts, armpits, legs, and vagina.

She was feeling aroused by showing off all of her body that clearly to someone she had not even seen once. Turning herself to the rocks to be less open for inspection was not an option because she wanted to keep a clear sight on her clothes. The spectators intentions were somewhat clear, but if it involved taking her clothes she would certainly do something about it.

Knowing what she knew of her struggle with Bryan the previous day, Charlotte thought up a plan to turn this situation around. When things got heated up, he clearly could not keep his breathing under check. There was some background noise here from falling water but not so loud to muffle every sound once she was out of the water. Hearing him breathe directly would make finding his exact spot almost too easy.

She was not in a hurry to put her plan into action though. The only reason she could think of to make haste was that she was holding on to her soap. It was quite sturdy but was now getting softer from the water falling around her. After taking too long, it would dissolve in the water and she did not plan on creating or trading soap in the near future. To really enjoy this water, for a long time at a stretch, she would need to get a leather pouch that was oiled on the inside and put the soap directly into it after use.

She let the water stream over her but was thinking about what she intended to do afterwards, and in anticipation she massaged her legs and breasts. She stayed clear of her womanhood though; that was part of her surprise for her current admirer.

She stroked her breasts with her fingers spread a bit to excite her already hardened nipples even further. Her entire breasts were feeling larger and definitely stood up more than usual, the combination of the cold water and her massaging had an immense effect on them. She knew the effect of cold water in the morning but had not tried to stimulate them at the same time before. Somehow she felt a lot less awkward than she had earlier.

Then the need of her scheme faded as she could suddenly feel the heat of the man looking at her. She noticed he was lying under a bush further away than she had thought. She could not detect much from him other than his projected passion but could surely recognise a distinct aura. She had him under her spell, he could still back down, but she would definitely be able to find him again in the future.

Waves from her reaction to his passion swept through her making her feel very hot. The heat from her aroused body compensated nicely for the cold of the water. Look at me as much as you like scum-bag, you are mine now. He would not turn away, he would not move to relieve himself, he was trapped in a web. Small jerks of anticipation emitted from her vagina, but she still did not touch anywhere near it. This was starting to feel good, this way of communication without words, really had a charm to it.

She was aware that his new bond to her was also partially the other way around. In the future, she would really like to return to this current feeling again, and the best way to accomplish that was with him looking her all over, again.

Now was the time to leave the water or she would lose too much precious soap. But the main act of the show would only begin with this. Her legs felt weak when she waded forward onto the sand and lay down to let her body dry in the already slightly warmer sunshine.

She pulled up her legs and spread them, turned precisely in his direction. She could almost feel the water steaming on her hot skin. She heard a gasp from him as she had anticipated, though it was not needed anymore to detect his position. His breathing sounded lighter than she had thought, this was a man but probably still mostly a boy.

She really wanted a release for herself now, so she put two fingers in her vagina again just like last evening. Had the water of the fall somehow ended up in her vagina? She felt really wet inside, drops from it were dangling from her fingers when she moved them out again and the inside felt much more smooth. Unintended she let out a soft moan.

With one hand she was stroking her clitoris and the other was moving in and out rapidly. Her breath was not controllable anymore so an unpredictable pattern of moans and heavy breathing was audible above the running water.

Her leg and abdomen muscles were moving on their own accord now lifting her bottom from the sand often and pushing it back directly after. Then she felt a familiar spasm, again running through her body, it was heavier than the last time. Together with it some type of fluid was gushing out of her body; her hands were soaked by it. It seemed even she had more to learn about the machinations of her own body.

Knowing that he would not move away anytime soon, she let her body cool down somewhat before she sat up and looked straight at his current hiding spot. "Come forward boy, let me have a look at you."

A heavy gasp of air made it clear he realised he had no chance to get out of this. She saw a figure moving reluctantly towards her. It was a young man with big eyes, a red face, and short almost black hair. He had no beard and only a small moustache on his rather pretty face. He sat up and immediately she noticed a wet spot on the front of his trousers. Charlotte was sure though he had not relieved himself yet, that same burning passing was still behind those eyes.

"What is your name boy and what is your explanation on your presence here." The sun combined well with her after glow, she was not angry at him, but she still would not let him get away with this very easily. His eyes often darted down from her face to the rest of her body he was surely not much in control of himself.

"I am Brendon. Brendon Stone from the near village," was his first reply and continued after a pause in which he hoped on a distraction. "Yesterday evening I saw Bryan coming into the village and I wanted to know what had happened and who it was that did that to him."

A bit surprised Charlotte asked further, "What did you see then? What do you think I did to Bryan?"

"He had rips from this blouse bound around his feet, but they still bled a little. He walked quite stiff as if he had fallen on his back from a tree. And he looked just like he did after he stole apples from my dad a couple of years ago, and had gotten a beating for that."

Charlotte had to think about this before she reacted. "Those wounded feet were totally by his own doing, the rest was due to an unfortunate encounter we had yesterday." Brendon listened interested though he might have done that even if Charlotte had spoken gibberish. "You do not seem to be much afraid of me even after seeing the state he was in."

"No," said Brendon speaking more to Charlotte's breasts than her face right now. "Bryan is known to get into trouble with women around town, that is no reason for me to be wary."

Charlotte was getting both aroused and annoyed again by this young man. "What is so exciting about these breasts that you look at them constantly? Often they are a nuisance hurting me when I am climbing trees. They are more than 3 times larger than needed to feed a child if you take animals into account. Most of them is just fat."

Brendon took some real effort to keep his gaze to Charlotte's face. "They look really good, much better than any I have seen on other women. But the only ones I have seen closely were those of my mothers. May I touch them, Please?" Said Brendon moving forwards slightly and breathing a bit harder than before.

Charlotte had no more sexual activity planned for this morning, but felt almost compelled to allow Brendon to touch her. At least he had the courtesy to ask, in contrast to Bryan earlier. "No, I will not reward your sneaking up on me any further. I will not mate with you until I have my hands on something to prevent childbirth."

Looking at the almost physical pain that washed over Brendon's body after her refusal, Charlotte added, "My plan is to find some things today that will help me with it; so you might have better luck tomorrow." Brendon looked so surprised and hopeful at the same time that Charlotte laughed out loud, this morning was turning out better than she had hoped.

She stood up and walked to her clothes, which had more time already to dry in the wind that flowed through the valley. Brendon was lying on his belly with his hands under his chin looking at her slightest move. "You are much more exciting than the girls from the villages around here."

"What is your age?" Asked Charlotte when she was clothed again.

"I became 18 at the end of last autumn." Charlotte had been right, he was still half boy and half man.

"See you tomorrow then," was Charlotte's reply and that promise seemed to be satisfying Brendon enough, so he stayed where he was and did not try to follow her again.

Having burned more energy than planned this morning, Charlotte was getting hungry. She had to make something to eat quickly, and she wanted to save her last remaining rations. The easiest way to nutrition she knew was the stinging nettles she had seen growing close to the trees by her house. There was a trick to pick them without any burning to her hands and soon she had a whole bunch ready to create a soup.

Before she had the chance to put them into a boiling pot, she heard someone knocking on her door.

"Come in please," was her reaction and the big shape of Dan stepped into her house.

"Good morning Charlotte, how are you today?" was his concerned greeting.

"Welcome and good morning to you Dan. I am fine, your bed is fantastic, I slept like a rose." As her skin was still glowing from this mornings exercise, that statement would be very convincing.

Dan looked embarrassed by her response though Charlotte could not determine why. "Bryan has not finished his job here yesterday, and he flatly refused to come this morning. Should I be angrier with him than I am already?"

"Oh Dan. Please do not feel angry at Bryan. He and I just had a misunderstanding yesterday, is Bryan alright? Would you at least take his shoes to him or I will bring them myself."

Dan was not convinced by this. "I hope that the misunderstanding had nothing to do with him hurting you in any way. I'll get him for that, and no, he is not all right in his old worn shirt and old boots, looking guilty as hell."

Charlotte threw her arms around the big man trying to alter his opinion about the matter. "Please Dan, I hurt Bryan quite a bit yesterday do not make him suffer more than that."

The feeling of her hugging him definitely had an impact on Dan's resolve. He shrugged his shoulders moving somewhat in her embrace. "Alright, I will forgive him, but only because you asked."

"Oh thank you Dan," said Charlotte kissing him on his cheek, making the man's face turn red. Charlotte also enjoyed how much those further useless breasts seemed to impact the males around her, they were handier here, than earlier in the mountains. She held on to Dan a little longer just for the sake of it.

Looking quite lost, Dan started protesting after some time, "I had better finish your roof today." Reluctantly Charlotte let him go. She realised then, that she liked this man a lot.

Seeing her cooking her meal, made Dan look even more embarrassed. "I should have brought you food, stupid of me that I didn't think of it before."

"But you did so much for me already Dan. I really cannot accept more from you and your family. You do not have to provide for everything I might need."

"At least go and fetch a sack of flour from farmer Abbot. Everybody is allowed to bake their bread in the village bakery, his son was also healed by your mother."

"You are far too good for me, but thanks for that one, I will visit him today. I should build up stock after all." After making up her mind for a moment, she asked, "Dan, would you mind lending me a chisel? I would like to carve tree trunks to guide fresh water to my house."

"Of course. I'll leave a couple here after work. Return them any time after you're finished. That sounds like a clever plan.

"I'll start working then, and I'll leave you to your chores." With that Dan walked outside, and later she heard him climbing and hammering on the roof. Charlotte finished cooking her soup and ate half of it.

Then she took out her herb gathering bag, picked up Bryan's shoes, and started walking down to the village. During the walk, she has already started planning for herself, how she would create a lovely herb garden by her house.