 Do not copy this work or parts of it to other sites than Literotica.

Many thanks to Linda62953 to help me to present this story better. 

Chapter 3: Into town

Walking toward the town, Charlotte often stopped to inspect the plant life around her. This was clearly an ordinary valley with grass on the outside and ploughed fields closer to town. There were lines of trees with bushes around the fields. On steep sections, there were groups of trees where the ground would just wash away without them. She was starting from scratch so even common herbs would be handy to have on stock. Moreover, she even found flowers that she had rarely seen before; her bag was filling steadily.

On closer inspection, the village consisted of two streets with houses built by them and a couple of farms further away flanking the fields. Even in the village, there was enough room around the houses for vegetable gardens.

Two roads were visible leading away from the village, one leading roughly westwards down the valley to probably more open terrain outside the mountains. The other road led towards the castle and was mostly hidden from view by forest but probably led to the castle gates after a few sharp curves along the slope.

A noticeable path led upwards from the village to the north. This village had some traffic from people climbing a lower pass through the mountains than the one Charlotte had used. However, that pass did not lead much closer to where her aunt lived.

Getting close to the town, she followed a small path, which led her down to a bridge that crossed the main stream running through the valley. The bridge was built from rope with enough planks attached to it to allow walking across it. It was constructed for humans to cross. With cattle, you had to travel lower into the valley to find a place to wade the water. That would be the main reason the side of the valley she lived was sparser used.

Walking up again on the other side of the stream, she could hear children's voices trailing downwards from the houses. After a few moments, she walked past a house onto the main street of the village.

A few houses along the street, a young woman was busy rotating a wooden wheel attached to ropes. Charlotte walked in her direction curious about what she was doing, on closer inspection; she was busy creating a new rope.

"Good day lady," greeted Charlotte making the woman look up from her work. She had been concentrating enough, to miss her approach. "Do you have rope on offer for trading?"

The woman was frowning, being pulled out of her concentration but did not dwell on it. She took some time gazing with a sharp gaze at Charlotte before the replied. "You're not from this town or any of them near, I am Louise Robbins," and extended a hand to her.

"Charlotte Cartwright, nice to meet you," was Charlotte's reply while shaking hands. Louise's hands were tougher, and she had a stronger grip than Charlotte. She reminded Charlotte of some of the witches she knew who lived higher up the mountains. She had a rather slender body but with power in her muscles and reddish brown flowing hair.

"About trade, I have the largest set of goods on offer in Roding. Step into my shop to have a look yourself," said Louise walking into the house, leaving her work for now. Most of the house was used as a store, with boxes and racks filled with all kinds of items.

The moment Charlotte entered the darker house; she noticed two yellow eyes and a lot of anxiety and hostility projected towards her. A young almost black cat was standing up from a barrel it had a white collar and one white paw.

"The cat is free with any purchase," said Louise, "the wretched thing has scratched me far too often by now to outweigh its use of catching vermin."

Charlotte was pleasantly surprised. She would need a cat very soon to guard her stock of herbs and food. But taming a cat could mean hard work; this one clearly had a history of fighting with people.

"That is a splendid offer, I could even find you a more docile cat as a replacement first, there are bound to be many cats around the farms here."

"It is just my luck with them, often they run away, but sometimes they fight with me for the place."

"We can work something out I am sure, I have a way with animals." said Charlotte extending a hand towards the vicious beast.

"Don't say I didn't warn you," was Louise's response, but the cat did not fight and fled to a corner of the room. "Such a move would have left me with claw marks already. Here, have a look at my ropes."

There were a few stacks of rope on a shelf, but those were far too frail to Charlotte's liking. Further on the shelf was a heavier rope. She reached for it and felt it was strong and durable.

"Directly going for the best quality," was Louise's snide but also somewhat approving remark. "That'll cost you something, it took a long time to create, and most customers are happy with the lighter ones like what I'm making today."

"Could I have it together with some oil and a leather pouch? I am afraid though I do not have anything to offer in exchange other than a sack of flour I'll pick up later."

"Trying to buy things and being broke; you must be the person staying in Dan Parker's newly built house. Many of the items here are by his hands, so I'll trust you with this. I'll want something better than flour for it eventually though. Flour is not worth much in a town filled with mostly farmers. You had a row with Bryan yesterday I guess; this is the first day in ages that he didn't bother me during my work."

"I brought him his shoes where can I find him?" was Charlotte's reply while untying the shoes, which she had fastened to her belt for easier travelling.

"Better give them to me. Bryan was totally beside himself this morning. Shying away from everybody. He would probably just start running like that cat when he spots you. What did you do to him? It might come handy when a stranger would try to rob me."

"I don't know exactly what happened, I told him to 'be off me' more forcefully than appropriate, I guess. It might have had a strong effect on his guilt, and I do not know if it'll wear off easily," was the honest description from Charlotte.

"Did you curse him permanently? Oh, but I still secretly had plans for Bryan." The earlier bravery had suddenly and completely dropped from both Louise's voice and stance. "Sometimes he acts like a jerk, but he works hard and has some talent.

"I do not have any family left and was taken care of by these kind villagers, they gave me a job, and it gave me a good living." Hearing such a small voice from the firm woman was unnerving for Charlotte.

"Sorry, I don't know what to do about it. I've never used my words against someone as off guard as Bryan before. But I promise that if there is a way to lift it, I'll find it and help him."

Louise moved silent around her shop and exchanged the three goods Charlotte needed for Bryan's shoes. "Here you are. I trust you'll do what you can for us." Then she led Charlotte outside and turned herself to her work again.

"Louise, before I go. Where do the Parker's live?"

"They are not hard to find, they live in the only really upright building in town. No, that is not fair, it is the biggest one, and the other is Bryan's home."

With this knowledge, Charlotte could almost directly spot the Parker's house further up the street. She went there to visit as Dan had asked and was welcomed warmly by Ilsa Parker.

The woman was clearly younger than Dan. Last years troubles seemed to still affect her though. Any time one of her three children moved out of her direct sight, she called them. Dropping what she was doing till she knew and saw they were safe. This obviously impacted both her and her children. Her eleven-year-old son Marvin was affected the most being quite lively by nature. Charlotte stayed no longer than was courteous and was on her way to farmer Abbot shortly thereafter.

The solemn farmer was immediately willing to give her a sack of his flour. Even urging her to take more if she needed it. He climbed into the village's granary where one sack of his stock was lowered into Charlotte's hands. She declined the help of one of his sons to carry it home for her. She started her walk back a bit slower because of her burden, but was not uncomfortable.

As the granary was built at the back street of the town, she would not pass Louise again. The moment she entered the main street, a carriage from the main road passed her. It was pulled by two horses with the driver riding on one of them. Not far from her position, it suddenly stopped beside the road.

It was not clear to Charlotte what had made it stop. She stepped to the other side of the road to pass it later.

There were two men sitting in the wagon, one elder and one younger both in fine clothes. They completely ignored Charlotte while looking to the other side. She heard them talk.

"Why not try your luck in town, Patrick? There are fine maidens like her living here. I would not be opposed to seeing fresh faces in the castle."

"Father, what do you urge me to do? Find a companion for myself or find a young flower for you?"

"At least spread your wings, boy. Those musty walls do not hold a lot that should interest you at your age."

With those words, the carriage started to roll again. Soon Charlotte could see the person they had talked about. A young pretty woman with long hair, wearing better clothes than the other villagers, walked by the street red-faced. Clearly, she had noticed the attention from the carriage, though the exact words would have been lost on her due to the distance between them.

With the sack on her shoulder, Charlotte walked on and left the street behind her. From her previous encounters with men, she could not imagine one of them needed that much encouragement to search the company of a woman. There had to be a reason behind this scene. However, whatever it was, it had to wait for later because right now she just wanted to return home.