 Searching herbs for Charlotte's project but finding a lot more than that.

Do not copy this work or parts of it to other sites than Literotica.

Many thanks to Linda62953 to help me to present this story better. 

Chapter 4: Forest meet

Around noon, Charlotte arrived at her house, meeting Dan again who was tidying up his gear preparing to leave. He ran to fetch the heavy sack from her shoulder.

"Hi Dan, worried that I would run out of breath?" she teased him.

"That farmer should have sent someone to help you carry it."

"He tried, but I declined, I want to remain independent. There are not a lot people to help me deeper in the mountains. I might want to return there someday, but I would be spoiled."

Against this reasoning, Dan had no reply, but he still carried the sack inside.

"I was about to return home, you already took Bryan's shoes to town it seems."

"Yes, I visited Louise and left them there." She took off the loops of rope from her shoulder displaying her purchase. "I got this nice rope and a few extra goods from her."

"Ah yes, Louise, she really grew into a nice, hard working woman. She tends to the shop that Ilsa previously managed." With that bit of knowledge, Dan's spirit faltered somewhat. "You visited Ilsa too, I suppose?"

"Ilsa has welcomed me too, yes. As you can guess, I noticed her troubles quite clearly. I would love to help you and her to pick-up her life better than this, but right now, I am at a loss as to how. Her love for her children is so profound but it's also torturing her."

Dan sighed, "I am coping with it. At least we are healthy and well off." His shoulders slumped down.

"Please, eat a cup of soup with me," said Charlotte while already prodding around to make fire. "I would like you to leave here in better spirits."

Without further talking, Dan waited, grateful to be with someone understanding.

After a few sips from the soup, Charlotte asked, "You and Ilsa probably do not relieve stress by mating right now."

Dan turned quite red by that bold remark but agreed, "We do not have sex; Ilsa could not take the extra burden of carrying another child."

Charlotte's mind was plotting on that. "There are options though, sex is possible without mating, and mating could be possible with halted fertility."

Dan clearly was not used to discussing such topics, and looked lost. "I do not understand what you imply here."

Once again, Charlotte hugged the big man. "Ignore my rather rude scheming, Dan. In time, I hope to think up some good advice. Right now, just know I care about you and Ilsa."

Then the big man turned and hugged her back. "Take care of yourself, my child; come to me if you need anything." Then, he returned to the village.

After he left her, Charlotte started with the much needed remodeling of her home. She fastened long loops of rope to her walls to allow items to be fastened to it. The first herbs and flowers were hung up there to dry. Another string was used to support often-used tools like her pot. After that change, the house looked better suited to a witch.

Now it was time to find out why her mother Bianca had bothered to live here before. There should have been a very good reason for her to be this entangled into society. It certainly had something to do with being a unique spot for herbs. Charlotte only needed to do some walking around to find it. It wouldn't be far away.

She followed the valley north guessing that the slopes there would get the most sun and soon was rewarded. She could spot a gentler slope ahead that had grass on it but was surrounded by forest. It was sheltered from the wind but got a lot of sun. A couple of plants would grow there that had no chance in other places in the mountains. Charlotte quickened her pace eager to explore the place.

Soon, she arrived, walking out from the trees. It had been a climb to get there. On her way back, she would search for an easier route but had not bothered about it now. She took her time to smell the variety of odors hanging in the warmer air. This truly was a remarkable place.

Now her attention turned to the forms and colors of all the flowers and herbs around her. Knowing that she would come here often in the future, she directly started looking for something to aid her with her most pressing need. What could help her to prevent getting pregnant, the men around were too common and too lustful that she wanted to interact with them more on equal grounds. They could run around ignoring the effects of their actions where women had to bear the results.

More on smell than any other indication, her attention was pulled to a small purple flower in the grass. She had seen it before; it had quite some potential but was shunned by witches. The reason was that its sap was what she was after. But exposing the sap to air, quickly reduced it to nothing special. She had to come up with a plan for it. That oil still in her pocket could possibly do the trick, if she could enclose the sap in it before it was wasted.

Her bag was opened, and some drops of oil were put on a small wooden plank. She cut the flower loose, pushed a drop of sap from its stem and let it emerge in the oil. It worked well enough, but not more than an extra small drop could be squeezed from the flower. For her potion, she would need more than that. She started looking around for more of these flowers. There had to be more than one, but there wasn't another one in sight.

"Stop with that you lump!" said a voice from near her feet. "Don't you cut that flower and just throw it carelessly away. Take better care of these things that are dear to me."

Searching for the source of the sound Charlotte's gaze fell on a small figure flying close to her leg. "Pardon me, I really need their sap," was her response, could she argue with the thing? Isabel had warned her quite sternly about interacting with fairies, but she had not encountered them before. Was that from the same book as her dislike of masturbation?

"There are better ways to get to it than that. You could pull the sap and still allow for them to live. It's not that hard when knowing how to do the trick."

Charlotte pondered on that. "It would surely involve being little like you." After that statement, her perspective on the world suddenly started shifting down. She lost hold of her plank, but it did not tumble or fell very far. Then, everything went dark.

She was struggling to get out from under the heavy black sheets that were pushing her down. It was not difficult, but the sheets were big. After a while, she climbed into the sunlight again. The big stems of plants first puzzled her, but she soon could tell that she saw grass and flowers growing high above her head. Naked, she walked around looking for the fairy that had shrunk her a moment ago. The flapping of big butterfly wings warned her of her near landing.

Standing before her was a roughly girl shaped figure. It had small flat breasts and a somewhat alien looking face with pointy ears. There were hardly any round forms on the fairy in stark contrast to Charlotte's own body. Though she was naked, it looked totally normal, just like with the animals. There were relatively huge butterfly wings attached to her back extending way above her head. Even being small, she had to use wings that were relatively much larger than a bird needed. But the wings looked gorgeous from up close, in stark contrast to the rather plain figure attached to it.

"Hello, my name is Charlotte, thank you to allow me to still gather the sap after wasting such a nice flower." There were hurt feelings here that needed addressing.

"You may call me Lilah as my siblings do," was the answer she got. Charlotte had trouble reading any emotion from the fairy. "Can you climb onto the plank, so that we can move on," was the strange advice that the fairy had for her.

She saw her wooden board lying nearby and walked towards it. She needed to lift herself up onto it by her arms and managed to scramble up on top of it. The moment she wanted to stand up the wood quivered and started to rise from the grass like an invisible hand had scooped it up. The fairly flew before her to a different part of the meadow. A few more of these mysterious flowers grew here. After landing, Charlotte let herself slide from her plank and walked to the stem of one of them.

"Put both hands flat on it, move them up and down. Pull your hands towards you breathing in real sharp, a drop will then emerge." Charlotte followed the instructions and soon had a big bowl of liquid hanging between her hands. She was almost blown away by the power that emitted from it. The whole surface of the drop was brimming from a reaction with the air around her. She hurried back to the plank and was suddenly lifted by her arms with fairy hands. With a swoop, she landed on the wood. She quickly let the liquid fall in the oil that was on it.

The oil closed over the drop and the reaction stopped. Charlotte stood still for a moment letting the effect from the sap wear off a bit. She felt aroused and felt some rejuvenation, the second effect she needed for the potion. She needed her organs to keep their state even in the presence of male sperm. This was really going to work.

Moving back to the same plant made the fairy react. "That plant gave its part, move on towards the next." That was correct. It would need enough sap to survive, and there were more of these flowers here.

After fetching four more drops from different flowers, Charlotte was exhausted with climbing and flying around. She sat down on the side of the board. Then she saw a mouse moving past her, it stopped a moment to look at her and then went on it's way again.

She addressed the fairy that landed besides her. "The animals seem to leave us at peace; they could harm us though when we are this small."

Lilah thought about it. "Most creatures will know better than to hurt our kind. Some birds of prey sometimes try it, but they learn."

Charlotte could not think what she could do against the claws of an incoming falcon if it would think of her as a snack. However, the fairy probably had something to defend itself with. She let her back fall down on the wood looking upwards to the trees high above her. But her thoughts were disturbed by voices from the other side of the meadow.

"Who would leave their clothes lying around like that? Look, it is from a woman. It's a skirt and a blouse. Even the underclothes are lying under it. Everything is only black, what a shame, colored clothes are much nicer." A young female voice was cheerfully drifting over the grass. But the subject made Charlotte stand up somewhat concerned. Lilah was watching too.

Two persons were standing by her clothes; it was the young woman in the nice clothes from this morning, and with her was the young lord Patrick from the carriage. "I think this is a splendid idea, you should leave your clothes here too," was the remark from Patrick.

"You would wish that? No, thank you, I like my clothes on me and..." She was stopped by the man kissing her, but she broke that soon after. She ran from him but it was not that quick or very far. "I am a prudent woman; keep your hands from my bust." But that was clearly a taunt. She was smiling brightly. Patrick made a leap towards her that she dodged. "Oh help me; I am being chased by my Lordship." She ran away, but was caught very quickly. They fell, but as they landed, a ripping noise sounded over the grass. A bit of a struggle was heard, but they did not talk again through their heavy breathing.

Charlotte could not see them through the high grass but had a fairly good notion what was going on next to her on the meadow. The fairy smiled and asked, "Shall we have a look at those two humans there? Or don't you think it's prudent sneaking up on them."

"Are you that interested? This is what humans often do, not much can stop them at it. Besides, what is your age that you could not have experienced it before?"

The fairy looked puzzled and frowned. "Some hundred years have passed by since I woke. I sometimes take the pleasure watching people mate." The creature sounded mildly interested but not that concerned. "It seems like they have stopped."

Quicker than Charlotte had thought, the two young people were lying away from each other. One thing was sure to her, Patrick had relieved himself and the woman had not. "Oh no, you tore up my clothes," sounded her voice accusingly. Followed by, "and I feel dirty." This clearly had not pleased the maiden, and the man had no answer to it being out of energy.

"Is it often that people are unhappy after their act?" asked Charlotte towards the fairy, "You have seen them more than me."

Lilah shrugged her shoulders "A lot of humans only think about themselves. It does not matter much to them what others feel."

Charlotte was already thinking of a way to get men care more about their partner. She would not have liked to be in the position of the woman here, and could not really think of what she could do to prevent herself such a future.

"I could interfere with them if you wished," Charlotte looked surprised at the fairy.

"Could you do something to make her happy?" Lilah nodded, "That would be fun indeed."

The fairy walked forwards a step, and flew into the air. It landed in the grass away from Charlotte, who tried to stretch herself to see something through the grass. There was a sudden intake of air, and then the fairy landed again near her.

Not much happened at first but Lilah collapsed on the wood and her wings faded out of sight. She was breathing heavily. "What happened to you? What did you do to them?" asked Charlotte.

"He got his lust returned to him, even though his body is not ready yet," was the explanation of the fairy. Charlotte could sense Patrick building heat though he was invisible to her due to her size. She was amazed; he would not be able to release himself in quite some time but even got more drive than before.

She could not help herself saying, "You have to teach me that trick." That burdened the totally spent fairy a lot, she was shaking her head and hands unable to speak or move more that that. In a moment, she told Charlotte more by mind than actual speech.

"No, don't ask for something than I cannot help you with, that pains me. Just let me feel what he does with her now."

Then the fairy fell still, almost unconscious, though Charlotte was sure the magical being was just utterly exhausted and needed time to charge her powers again. She had felt this once herself when she had been very angry at her mother. She had been told to leave and live with her aunt. She had struck out with all of her will to change Bianca's resolve but had only managed to deplete herself. She had been foolish and young.

Then an angry voice broke her reflections. "Keep those filthy hands off me!" Charlotte noticed that her own hands were now placed high on the fairies stomach close to her breasts. Her body had responded to the fairies request on its own accord, she was now under the influence of some kind of spell. But the fairy had been spent already. She had also felt no one casting near her. Still she climbed on the fairy pressing it down on the wood.

"Urg, let me loose, you have done enough already." The young female did not sound any happier yet with Patrick sitting on her. Charlotte's hands moved from the stomach up to the breasts of the fairy gripping them firmly and then started squeezing them. "You rip my clothes; you fill me up, and now hurt me. Stop it you fool!" Was the complaint and her grip on the breasts was loosened a bit but the groping continued.

"Please leave me be, I feel so dirty already," was the much weaker complaint as he did continue his work. Charlotte moved down a bit along Lilah's nimble body, starting sucking, and licking her nipples letting her saliva drip on them. "No, no, no," was the now weak complaint of the maiden as the still groping hands were distributing it more over her breasts.

"But I like you to be more dirty than this," was the first remark of Patrick in a while as he glided his legs along the body. Charlotte felt a response from her own body as she shoved it over the fairy. Even so high that her hips touched her breasts. She had not been aroused by those breasts like Patrick was with those of the maiden.

"Let's have a look here," was his comment as he straddled one leg of the woman moving a hand to her vagina. "No, not there," Charlotte could hear her complain weakly.

"Now here is some filth, all right, let me help you with that." Charlotte rubbed between the fairies legs and then moving to smear something out on her breasts.

"This is so gross," was the surprised maiden's response as he continued to spread his semen along her body and breasts. He even spit on her a couple of times adding to the effect. Though Lilah responded not a lot, the maiden was quivering with every touch and smear.

He then picked some of the buttercups around them and held them up to her face. "Look at these flowers, my lady, are they not pretty." Then he crushed and spread them between her breasts adding the sap and crushed bits to her plight. It got her to squeak and shudder profoundly. Still, Patrick looked happier by this state of affair than the woman.

"Let's get these nice clothes off before they stain even more." The man started to remove her dress gaining no further complaints. "Here is the source of that filth, let's clean that up," he said pushing her legs apart.

Now Charlotte bowed towards the fairy with uncertain feelings because the being reacted so little to anything. But she was still completely compelled to follow through with the action licking between the lips with much saliva and even taking time smearing it out across the belly. She was hearing gasps from the woman though, with every move that she made. That still excited her enough to not build up more awkward feelings.

Then she lifted the elf up from the wood by her legs, putting her tongue deep into her vagina. She pulled back a bit to spit in it, and continued licking it. The woman started breathing heavily, and that signaled Patrick to start sucking harder. The woman finally had too much and cried out with her release. The man still had a lot of time to go before he could ejaculate again, so he did not release her and continued on while the woman was thrashing in his grip. He often struggled to keep a hold on her and continued licking and sucking the still very sensitive woman.

When he'd had enough of it, he lowered her and turned her onto her belly in the grass. The thought of objecting was not on her mind when he raised her bottom up getting her on her knees. He pushed her legs outside and sat between them. The fairy definitely had a slimmer bottom than the maiden would have. He took some time admiring this view of her still much in heat himself.

He extended a hand and moved between her legs making her gasp. Then he moved it up a bit saying. "This looks filthy too." And with that, the woman started to panic again.

"No, please no, that is too gross. I will do anything but please not that." Patrick was now definitely aware of her feelings, and was using them as much as he could. He spread her buttocks with his hands, while she tried to crawl out of his reach, but she was no match for him.

"This looks really delicious," was his comment and he licked her anus, making her yelp. Now even the fairy started shuddering to Charlotte's tongue. He licked around, even entering her with the tip of his tongue. Both maiden and Lilah moaned. "I have to explore this spot a little more."

Patrick put a finger in his mouth making it as wet as what would stick to it and pushed it into the ass of the maiden. He almost lost her from his grip, putting an arm around her hips to prevent her to move. His finger still secured deep in her.
