 Do not copy this work or parts of it to other sites than Literotica.

Many thanks to Linda62953 to help me to present this story better. 

Chapter 5: Potion preparation

Charlotte hurried home to try to retain her current mood. She needed herself to be open for any signals when she created a new type of potion. During the walk she even fantasized about being seen by men, they still amazed her with their fascinations of breasts, probably because they did not have much themselves.

After an uneventful walk, she arrived home and immediately fetched a lot of firewood and water for the process. She didn't bother to eat, she didn't want the distraction and weariness that a full stomach would bring. After having everything she might need in her room, she stripped out of her clothes. She would make this potion naked. She thought that fitting for a potion that would prevent childbirth.

Her fire wasn't big, but hot enough to warm her and make her skin glow. She was thankful to Dan for the grating that prevented sparks, that could leave marks on her skin. One day she would repay his kindness to her in full, even though he had already helped her because of her mother's favor.

The point of potions was two fold. It was much less energy consuming for a witch to make than getting the same effect directly and it allowed her to concentrate on the effects beforehand, when later she may need her attention elsewhere. They were also a significant trading item between witches and sometimes even with others, though not all potions were usable by ordinary people. When of a good quality, this potion might make her rich inside the circle of witches. Though that almost never involved getting better or more physical goods.

One problem she needed to address was getting a long active-time from this potion. It was quite a bit of work to get the special ingredient and these flowers were rare. This would mean she needed an active time of about a year, and that was extremely long, for most potions.

She had a few 'miss brews', but that was expected. Even though one she retained, "the rejuvenation effect" was misaligned a lot, but it could still heal scratched or broken skin when correctly used. It would have a long lasting effect against very small wounds.

It was dark for quite awhile before she was content with what she had brewed. It was in the second half of spring, so the days were getting longer. She threw herself into bed feeling exhausted and was asleep almost immediately.

Far too soon, she awoke feeling ravenous. She cooked spiced up pancakes for breakfast. She would have liked to have real bread, but that would have to wait a little longer. This day was already too short for everything she had planned.

She took the new leather pouch and soaked it with oil, after repeating that for a few days, it would seal the seams enough for it to be watertight. It would function good enough for her today though, so she gathered her soap and some of her brew and walked outside. Time for her daily shower.

At her favourite lake, she found Brendon who was there playing with a stick. "Good morning, Brendon. How was your night?"

"My night? Not good, I did not sleep at all last night. You cursed me too, witch."

"Oh my, were you too busy trying to relieve yourself of the tension, from my promise for this morning? A small price to pay under the wrath of the mighty witch," Said Charlotte, smiling bright at the young man. He was cranky enough that he did not appreciate her teasing much. "Come and join me in the water, let's see if my aunt was right about people not prepared to clean themselves, and you can wash my back for me."

She enjoyed herself pulling Brendon's clothing just the right way, so he had a little difficulty getting out of them. Teasing him was almost too easy with his current lack of sleep. After some time, she even wondered if he would be awake enough later for her to check if her potion worked. Well, he was young, he should have some durability in his genitals.

The tension from the morning before was pretty much absent during the shower, but she enjoyed the water and the washing nonetheless. She also marvelled at how much difference there was between an erection and being limp with a man. That should be handy because running or climbing could become hazardous with too much volume down there. If only her breasts could manage that change in size, it would have prevented her a couple of bruises while climbing.

After washing, they lay on the sand, without the internal heat from yesterday it was feeling a little chilly, but that could be mended. She jumped up again pulling Brendon with her and ran up and down the grass. When drier and warmer, she let herself fall on the grass tackling Brendon in the same movement. Before she would apply the potion, she needed to be aroused more; she pulled Brendon near and kissed him. During the kiss, she got a hold of one of his arms and pulled it against her body.

He was slow on the uptake today, but it didn't take long after that, he had his hands on her buttocks and he was answering her kisses with passion. Not that much activity in his lower region yet, but that was fine, she needed to apply the potion first anyway. He had waited all day yesterday for this morning, so he was eager enough to help her heat up now.

More careful than needed, Brendon massaged her breasts. She let him be for a while and then having motherly feelings, gripped his head in her arms smouldering him with her breasts. Not long after that they were excited enough that she straddled his face and pushed her vagina onto him to be licked. He made a real effort to please her, though she was sure he'd had no previous experience with a woman in this way; he would be a quick learner. Before he had enough, Charlotte climaxed relieving the pent up energy she still had conserved from last night. Oh, it did feel good to have someone at hand to please her this way. Masturbation was fine in itself, but this not knowing what he would do with his tongue or lips next was a treat in itself.

Charlotte stood up and walked to her clothes getting the flask with her potion. She sat down near the curious looking man and let herself fall backwards in the grass lifting her legs at the same time. Again she would give quite a show for Brendon to see, but after yesterday she liked his gaze on her private parts. She started with two fingers in her womanhood pulling it in different ways from the inside. Then the pushed in three fingers, then four. She wanted her hand to be as far inside of herself as possible before she would get to the potion.

Not long after. she joined her thumb with her fingers breathing heavily already by the amount of rubbing this caused to her genitals. But the palm of the hand was giving her some difficulty getting in. Quickly she checked Brendon, but his hands were way too big to help here. She even thought about using his penis but quickly rejected that notion she would have no control of it and could create a nice erect penis for a year instead of the effect she wanted. She just had to endure a bit more; a baby would be bigger than her hand and would use the same corridor.

She put a lot of saliva on her whole hand and tried again using her other hand to push harder. Brendon looked like he wanted to help, but she declined that. The muscles in her womb were the limiting factor here, not how hard she could push. Then with a sigh she managed to get her hand in completely moving it in and out a couple of times to be sure that it would work with a potion on her fingers. Her already profoundly stimulated body made her come twice before she had the courage to apply the potion.

The next step went so smooth that she laughed at herself for how cautious she had been. She felt her womb react to the potion and felt its energy radiating through her body. Not sure if it stabilized directly she wanted to give it a bit more time and she then crawled to Brendon. Now she would try something new she had thought about earlier. Brendon was taken back clearly by how she looked like she was hunting for prey.

She pushed him on his back and put her body on him the other way round. She now had his penis right by her face. Brendon would know what to do with her lower end. The manhood was stiff lying on his belly, she pulled it up and looked at it up close. The veins on it were clearly visible, and it pulsated a little bit with anticipation. She played with the foreskin, but that did not have much room around the swollen lid. She licked at the top and then put it in her mouth. She felt small spasms moving under her through his body and he stopped licking and was gasping for air.

Now she tried it a little further in but pulled it out when it touched the back of her mouth, and she felt the urge to gag. She then just held it outside enough to prevent gagging and licked and sucked at it for some time. It was so much fun, feeling him move and jump with the different things she did with his penis. She even touched his balls with her hand a bit which made his reactions more profound.

When she felt that he was close to cumming, she let herself slide to his side. Gaining a protest from him that she ignored, she needed a moment of concentration to check the effects of her potion. When he tried to stroke her, she sent him away to the lake to cool off a bit. The effect she had wanted was still there no baby would grow inside her anytime soon. Now she could face men on equal terms. This realisation made her heat up quite a bit more, and she fetched Brendon to be part of her celebration.

They both were eager for the real deal, and Charlotte had enough of leading him on all this time. She lay on the sand pulling him toward her. Before he had his phallus in her, she pushed him away to get her legs up and out far. This gave him as much access to her vagina as he could wish for and he did not let this invitation go to waste. She felt him pushing in her. Almost immediately, her body took over and she moaned aloud feeling the heat flow. Brendon was so impressed by that reaction he looked at her for confirmation that she was alright. She smiled and pulled him closer for a quick kiss. "You are doing wonderful", she declared and he continued moving.

Charlotte loved the feeling of Brendon stroking her with each move and between moans she smiled and encouraged him. "Yes, I love that... please, deeper." Brendon was urged to forget a long night without sleep and used his weight to push in deeper. Then Charlotte could feel his phallus touching her womb and the spell on it. It brought a wave of warmth through her whole body that heightened her senses too. She could feel Brendon's touch more clearly outside and inside of her. She opened her eyes that she had closed with the wave and saw Brendon's body with a glow. The rest of the surrounding area was clearly visible as if the bright daylight had managed to remove every shadow.

The extra clear feeling of him moving inside her made her dismiss this curious effect. She could not focus or say anything except moan. Brendon had really put his testicles to the test last night as Charlotte fell into a long whirling climax before he went over the top and shot his load. A bit disappointed about what he could muster, Charlotte inwardly traced where his sperm went in her body. Lying besides him she could hardly believe she would have gotten pregnant with this much but was sure that the spell worked as planned, perhaps with some side effects. She could still see things brighter around her but that faded away slowly.

They washed themselves up again after this, though Charlotte did not want to get in the water completely as she had more plans for the day. She kissed Brendon goodbye, urging him to run to his day job it as was not that early in the morning anymore.