 Do not copy this work or parts of it to other sites than Literotica.
Many thanks to Linda62953 to help me to present this story better.

Chapter 6: Cleansing

Walking toward the town of Upper Roding, Charlotte practised her control over her aura. She wanted to tame Louise's cat but could only imagine that happening when she could catch the beast unguarded. But with her aura closed in and with stepping lightly, she could step past birds in the shrubberies without being noticed by them. That should be enough to approach an unaware cat.

She climbed down toward the rope bridge and upward again on the small path at the other side entering the main street of the village. Louise was in her favourite spot working on ropes again that would be handy for fetching the cat without disturbances.

"Good day Louise," greeted Charlotte to the hard working woman, "Would you like to help me in a ploy to get Bryan back into this world?"

"Oh, hi Charlotte," was the somewhat bewildered answer of the young woman clearly needing time to think about what to answer.

"Take your time my dear, I want to catch your cat first anyway."

"Please help yourself," was Louise's slightly grateful answer; she gestured towards the shop but looked back at her work needing to make up her mind about Charlotte's invitation and underlying promise.

Charlotte faced the building took a deep breath and gathered her aura as close as she could manage. She stepped towards the door, opening it carefully thinking, what it would sound like if the wind opened it by accident. She waited a moment for the tomcat to lose it's attention again and entered the dark shop crouching to minimize her shadow. She hoped this would work but was confident that she could try it again later, so she was not too nervous.

Now she had the hard task of finding the cat in a dark shop. As quietly as possible, she used all her senses to probe the shop around her and was glad to see a shadow move. The dark cat raised itself from a shelf stretching it's back and limbs before moving to another place to lay down again. The opening of the door had woken him from a slumber but had not alerted him much.

She crawled closer trying to find the cats mind with her thoughts. There it was in half slumber, the well known mind of a cat. She had played this game often at her aunt Isabel who had multiple cats round her house. It had been her favourite pastime in the first years of being there.

Now to find what would make the young cat feel comfortable, cats had a great memory that she could probe into. There was not a lot there of what the cat had liked, it had felt good about surprising Louise on different times and was even now plotting a good spot to hunt her the next time she would come in. It was nice to know he liked her in his own way, but not a way to get him with her willingly.

Oh, she could take him by force all right, but that would be cheating, and it would make him probably hate her furiously for quite some time. No, she needed to delve deeper to find something useable. He also had fond memories of seeing a female cat walk close to the shop, but that had only been brief.

Before the shop, there were only memories of feeling hurt or being chased, nothing there to go with. Then there was a feeling of loss and of a tongue licking him lovingly in the dark. He still missed his mother being forced out of her care too early. She could work with this introducing her own scent into the memory and introducing fingers as a source of comfort. Then she reached out to the cat silently and started stroking his neck in a way familiar to him. He woke from his slumber but did not jump away. The current sensation was mixing with his oldest memories bringing it back to him profoundly. Charlotte heard the noise she hoped to hear; the cat started purring and he moved his head against her hand.

Some time later Charlotte walked out of the shop carrying a fully relaxed cat in her arms. Louise was staring at her in amazement, forgetting her work completely.

"Do you really want to part with him?" was Charlotte's question. "You are his most favourite human around to play with."

She scowled at that. "That beast thought it was playing? Tearing at my skin when jumping at me from hiding? No, you can have him if you want. I have enough on my mind already without learning to fear the dark places of the shop." They both laughed, getting on the nerves of the cat enough for it to jump out of Charlotte's arms and run into the shop again.

"You will have your time to say farewell to your current home tomcat. Later today I will take you to a new home," said Charlotte looking to the opened door of the shop. She then turned to Louise, "It will take some time to find a proper replacement for him, but I'm certain it will be possible."

"I'm impressed with you little witch, the job as a witch suits you well. I will trust you with regard to Bryan too. What can I do to help you with him?"

"We have to confront him with his guilt and his passions. You are part of his passions, so I thought we would catch him and give you a chance to bond with him as much as you like. He is strong, but I guess you have ropes that are stronger than he is."

Louise turned towards her work to hide the red tint rising to her face and her lost control of her breath. Charlotte gave her some time to come to terms with this prospect. It did not take long for Louise to reach a conclusion.

Louise got a practical streak and started bundling up her work carefully to be able to continue with it later. "Come into the shop with me, we will discuss this more privately there."

Inside the shop, the tomcat was lying on a shelf in plain sight, he had changed his behaviour already but could fall back in it easily. Louise walked over to the shelve with the ropes and examined them with a dreamy look in her eyes dismissing most of them. "Could you get the rope I gave you again? That would be the best one to use."

Charlotte was not happy with that, "It would be best if we can work without it, I have already used much of it for hanging my plants to dry and it had some other practical uses."

Louise nodded. "Ah, that is why you needed a good quality; you use it more as furniture than for binding hay; that is a compliment to my craft, thank you. This rope would do the trick then, I only need some time to loop it back onto itself to add to its strength. I guess you do not plan to walk in on Bryan and brawl with him openly. It would be impossible for you to catch him then, even with the strongest rope."

"I probably could manage even that but it would distress him even more and we want him to forget his current plight, that would be counterproductive. No, I want to confront him on my own and allow him to flee, but you will trip him at the back door and trap him with your ropes. Once he realises he is trapped by a woman he likes he will cooperate much better."

Louise clearly started to like this plan more every moment. She fetched two wooden poles to attach the tripping wire to and oiled her binding rope so it would still restrain Bryan but harm him less. She also fetched a wooden hammer and some cloth to dampen the sound when she would use it close to the workshop.

With a vicious look that would not have been out of place on her cat, she wrapped her hunting gear and walked outside. "Give me a little time to prepare and then chase him out of the shop."

Charlotte took her time playing with the tomcat getting him to know her a bit more. Cats bonded to places far more than to people, but they remembered a kind or a brutal person. Not long afterwards, she walked out of the shop closing the door behind her and walked towards the workshop nearby. Dan had been doing well the last few years with both a house, a shop, and a workshop at his disposal. Lots of people from around this town trusted the quality of his work. She heard hammering noises from the workshop as she walked to its door.

"Hello Dan, can I borrow Bryan for a moment?" Said Charlotte walking into the big wood workshop, she saw that Dan was busy with a chair and Bryan had a broom sweeping in the back. The young man ducked down, trying to hide from her and failing at it completely.

"Dan, turned to her with a face like a thundercloud. Take the damn boy, he cannot hold a hammer on the right side today." Charlotte was far more concerned about the carpenter than Bryan, though she saw him sneak away out the back anyway. Dan also noticed him leaving.

"Go and leave me coward, I can manage here anyhow," Said the man, immediately betraying his words by slumping down considerably, then jerking himself upright picking up the chair he was working on and flung it to the back of the shop with force. "Damn it! Damn it!" The chair broke in pieces to the back wall.

Charlotte jumped towards Dan trying to get him out of his fit. She could feel danger radiating from him. "Who was this girl in black flinging herself at him!" He had tensed up far too much, he could throw her. There were all kinds of dangerous tools lying around, all very familiar to him, all potential weapons. She reached out with her mind and cut his control of his muscles. He crashed to the floor, lying between the bits of wood and a layer of shavings, wetting himself.

Charlotte pushed him on his back and pushed her body to his, tears streaming from her face. He had always taken everything on himself, he could take it all. But the fear of losing Bryan at work had made him snap. His reaction to troubles in his family were him working harder in his shop, he had no room to spare anymore for trouble here.

She could feel the tension moving through his big muscles lying exhausted on him. She had known how to do this, she had done it before. Once she defended herself to a charging bear with it, but that had been easier. This strong healthy man had needed to hone his control over his body for all his life. It needed to move precisely to be able to use his tools and that was what she had stopped. He had wanted to act, wanted to do something about his world collapsing on him.

There was someone knocking at the door, someone familiar with Dan. "Hey Dan, what's happened, I heard you yell". Charlotte touched the ground, concentrated hard, and altered the house fastening the doors and windows. Now they would not be able to enter. It would be more work for Dan later, when an awful lot of doors in the surrounding area got stuck. They tried to open the door, but after hearing and seeing no trouble they left pretty quick.

Then Charlotte could see Dan's face distorting with the realization and guilt about what he'd tried to do. She cried, "No Dan, you did not hurt me, I will never be afraid of you!" And she kissed him passionately on his mouth, pressing herself to his body that was recovering from her interference.

Getting out of the kiss somewhat, Dan managed to say, "Help me, Charlotte," while his tears started to mix with hers.

Still clinging to the big man with her full body Charlotte reasoned with him. "I will help you as much as I can Dan, but accept help from the others around you too. Accept it from Louise working with you and minding the shop, from Bryan who is having great difficulties right now but did not stay home, did not walk out on you but stayed to help, even if he only managed to clean for you. And do not forget Ilsa, her heart broke last year, she is not the woman you knew before, but she worked hard to overcome it helping you with her work constantly. Even now she is probably busy creating a new carpet in the time she has past looking after your children; you know that is hard work. That is her way to say she loves you Dan, trust her, trust us all."

"I am so sorry Charlotte I should have been more patient with Ilsa, with Bryan, and with myself," Was what Dan managed to say after thinking it through a little bit. It granted him a deep kiss from Charlotte. It seemed that he was realising the amount of contact he had with the woman hugging her carefully now.

"Do not be too hard on yourself, Dan, I can feel your body begging for some comfort. Ilsa needs your comfort and strength, not your frustrations. Those have become a large part of the strain on yourself, please let me help you with that Dan." She started kissing him tenderly and lightly, but it turned passionate quickly when she felt him respond to it in earnest, for the first time.

The way she had used her body instinctively to get through to this man started feeling better to her with every passing moment. Tentatively, he even started to explore her back with his hands exiting their still very close bodies. They could feel each other's reactions immediately. She felt his shame melt away like snow in the summer sun, he should become mentally strong not only physical and with that, his suppressed passions surfaced. Charlotte was feeling almost afraid about where this passion would lead them but also looked forward to it eagerly, he was so strong.

Focused more on his sensations Dan started noticing his wet trousers from her interference gaining a few spots of red in his face. Charlotte felt his shame and laughed at his child like reaction to wetting himself. She kissed the big kid again making clear to him she did not mind the extra discomfort this might give her even moving her thighs over his making his embarrassment part of the erotic build-up. As he still did not like to make her more wet with his pee, he pushed her away gently and unbuckled his belt to remove his soaked trousers.

She approved with getting their clothes off, removing her blouse herself and felt his eyes drawn to her body with a beastly hunger arousing her even more. Her verdict about her breasts now changed irrevocably, they had become an important piece of her body to her, an asset to love and cherish. These men with their often childish longing for the soft breasts had made her feel much better about her body than before, she was grateful to them for it and even could express that to one of them directly.

She hugged the man tightly interrupting him with his pants still halfway down his legs and his face now pressed to her breasts. It worked getting his attention towards hugging nicely, and with it she felt his erection rise quickly. She did not want any foreplay anymore, she needed raw sex. Shoving her undergarment to the side she lowered herself on his big phallus filling her up completely. Eagerly she started moving with her hips shoving his heated penis past her genitals. This was not a way of finding release, this was drawing out their beastly passions.

With his penis moving deep into her womb, she could feel the magic she applied to it become active again sending waves of warmth through her body adding to the heat of her genitals. She was starting to lose control over her body quickly with this combined reaction. On one hand, she liked the sensation, but it was quite contrary to the beliefs of witches who needed control of their bodies and minds above everything else. But that thought was her last before reaching a limbo in her head.

She came to, lying next to Dan in the wood curls feeling happy and fulfilled. The magic in her womb was there but much more passive than before. She could still see everything in the workspace around her without any shadow just like at the lake. Dan raised himself on one arm to look at her with a guilty face.

"I may not have hurt you today, but I still could have left you with child labour." She kissed the man quickly for assurance.

"No, Dan, I have put a warden upon myself against that today. If you would like it, I could do the same for Ilsa in the near future."

Dan was much more receptive for sexual advice than earlier and thought about it in earnest. "That could help us a lot I think, taking away one extra worry. Would it be permanent?"

"No, it will be active for close to a year, perhaps more. You two would need to work out what you want after that." Dan was thoughtful for a moment then nodded.

"Ilsa will probably feel much better by that time, I would like to accept your offer."

"Have patience for few more days Dan, I want to examine the ward some more and the way to apply it is far too cumbersome for now."

Charlotte stood up and tried to remove the wooden shrapnel from her clothes. Dan was on his feet quickly and fetched a brush to help her; she was teasing the man by pirouetting before him showing off her cleavage some more. Though it did not take long before she hugged him farewell.

"I have to look for Bryan, Louise should have caught him by the back door." And she left the man looking amazingly at her. She pulled on the shop door in vain, only remembering her spell then. Quickly she released the tension in the wood allowing the door to move again, though it still took some force.

She quickly walked back to the shop thinking about how much of the action there she had missed. The shop front door was locked, and the shutters before the windows were closed too. She walked around the building looking for a back door. It opened when she tried it.

She had to cross Louise's small personal room to enter the shop, it was dark with the only light source coming from four burning candles. In the center of the light was Bryan lying naked on his back on a table being tied with his arms and legs to each of the four table legs. He looked totally wiped out.

"Ah, Charlotte, nice of you to drop by. Would you like a bite of him too?" Said Louise who had stood out of reach from the light. She was naked too, with the exception of a leather belt on her hips. "He's been a good boy till he was too exhausted to continue." Charlotte could vividly imagine the woman climbing onto him to get her fill.

Charlotte moved closer to Bryan to inspect both his physical as well as his mental health. There was not much wrong with him, accept being utterly spent. "It looks like our little plan has succeeded." Was all Charlotte could think of to say. "Shall we unfasten the man or do you want him to be tied up longer?"

Louise thought about it. "We can probably let him sleep in his home. At least there he can feed himself, and that would be more comfortable for me." After that, she moved to his legs and started to unfasten the many knots she had made in the rope. As she took her time, Bryan came to his senses again.

Charlotte addressed the man. "Bryan, I forgive you about forcing me to mate with you. It was foolish of you to try it, and you hurt me with it, but you should have learned from it, to talk about your feelings to women before forcing yourself on them. Louise here would like to spend more time with you in the future, be kind to her."

Bryan nodded with some effort. "I shall try that, I'm sorry about what I did to you."

Charlotte could not help herself and walked to his head and kissed the man. "Keep helping Dan too, you mean more to the man than you can imagine." And with that she left the shop to the new couple.