 Do not copy this work or parts of it to other sites than Literotica.

Many thanks to Linda62953 to help me to present this story better. 

Chapter 9: Gratitude

Charlotte woke up earlier than normal with urgent feelings. She washed quickly at home. Brendon would probably come to the lake, but that was of no concern today. Sitting on her couch, she took her time considering her options to get Patrick under a ward again. In the moment of the casting, he had to be spent. In addition, at the same moment, she had to be at her best.

She needed to avoid coming under the same compulsion as yesterday. Her biggest problem was that she did not trust herself at all. Thinking clearly of Patrick was hard, and she was not even close to him. The frustration she had felt yesterday was still lingering inside her; how could he tease her so much? She needed to be clear headed and very close to him. Right now, she could not think how that could happen. That problem had to be solved later; the other part of her problem was probably easier.

Patrick had to be near her after his act. He had agreed to bring cloth to Eveline, and he wanted her gratitude, probably to win more chances to have her at his disposal. Therefore, the biggest problem was timing on her own part. When would he buy the cloth? She was not totally sure that he would keep his promise. However, given that he had the same fairy blood as Charlotte running in his veins, he would have a hard time backing out of it. Even if he was not aware of any limitations placed on him.

Even when she would ask Eveline to warn her that he was meeting her, she could be too late to react. Living close to Eveline a few days was also not to Charlotte's liking. Both options would put extra stress on the maiden, and that could hamper her plan. However, there was another option, Patrick would have to buy the cloth first, and he would probably do that right before going to Eveline. Otherwise, he would have to go back to the castle carrying a pack of cloth. He could send a servant to buy it for him, but even then, he would probably time this with his own visit.

Her best option was to find a way to know when the cloth was bought. Charlotte had to go to the merchant and put some kind of scrying spell somewhere on his place that would alert her. The problem with this kind of spell was that it was hard to place. And she had to move quickly enough to get to Eveline, so she had to fly again; walking there would be far too slow.

Charlotte was not scared to fly again, but had not done it before yesterdays escape. She had heard stories about it though, those suggested that a broom was a great help with it. Beatrice had not needed anything in Patrick's story, but she had been highly emotional on the moment she flew away. Concentrating on a broom, in such a state, would be very difficult. On the other hand, she had plenty of power to her disposal, emotions were helping with that. Charlotte just needed to feel really hurried at the moment, that would provide her with enough drive to fly.

The first thing to do was to inspect the merchant and look for a way to place a spell on his place. When the cloth was stored inside, the door would probably be the best spot to use for the spell.

She ate some leftovers and quickly walked to town. It was still so early that she met Brendon near the bridge. He had been looking forward to meeting her at the pool that morning. To prevent gossip, they agreed that the disappointed man would wait some time, before returning to his work. Otherwise, every villager would quickly learn of their morning encounters. 

Entering the town, Charlotte looked for the late widow's home. She found it quickly, after a helpful girl showed her the spot. It had a garden with big plants around it. Charlotte hid there to observe it some more. A large female calico cat walked towards her, she even lay down beside her. Charlotte thought about Louise and the shop; this had probably been the cat from the widow, and the cat missed her companionship.

There was some activity inside the house. Most of the goods were left on the outside, but all the cloth was taken inside. It would be convenient to show to it there to interested people, and it would not get wet from the rain. The small house would be quite crowded with three people staying there with lots of merchandise. Charlotte was already concentrating on the spell, she could get to the door relatively unseen due to the plants. She started to move slowly forwards toward the door.

The plant, she intended as her hiding place, was smaller than she liked. She had to crouch low for cover, but she could reach for the doorpost from behind it. She placed her hand on it, and started with the spell. She imagined a big bundle of cloth going through the door, without regard to who would carry it. Charlotte broke out of her concentration when someone walked around the house. One of the servants had left the back door earlier. Now he had noticed her, and was standing close to her spot, too.

"Hey, what are you doing here? Looking for something to steal? Get up!"

"No, I don't want these goods," was her quick response in a hushed voice.

"I don't believe you. What are you looking for?"

"A handsome man," was the only plausible answer that Charlotte could think of. It was not far besides the truth.

"Now, that wish is fulfilled then," was his response. He had pushed up his chest. It was certain that he wasn't the best-looking man around, but he probably thought that he was. She had to play along though to get a second chance on placing her spell.

She pulled him with her, deeper into the foliage. There, she pushed her body to him. "Do you know how to make a woman happy? I had my eyes all over you yesterday, hold me!"

The man had certainly stopped his plan to call his master. He enjoyed feeling her and pulled her even closer. Their bodies moved over each other and they held each other in a tight embrace. She kissed him deeply, trying to arouse him even more, and kept moving her body tight against his body. He tried to get one of his hands on her breasts but failed at first. Then Charlotte allowed him to grope her, if that made him more eager, she was fine with it.

She didn't want the other two men to start missing him, so she started to untie his belt. He had his hand inside her blouse already before it came loose. She shoved his pants down and her skirt up and placed him inside her. She hoped that he would come as fast as Patrick had on the meadow. Now, she made a show of moans and whirls to encourage him, moving her hips on his penis. It felt as raw as Bryan had, when he first entered her. However, her wild movements had made his phallus touch her womb on the inside.

Instantly, she felt the warmth expanding from it. It made her far more wet and even healed her raw insides again. The shadows around her disappeared, and her show became much closer to her reality. This was quickly turning into a pleasurable experience. She had guessed right, he lost control soon and left a load of sperm inside her. It made the spell on her womb even more active than before. Feeling in control, Charlotte now drained more energy from the man. It even added to her own power somehow. That would be handy for her next action, but also was clearly against any normal behavior of witches. For now, the man was out of the picture, he would wake up some time later, and then she would have finished and would be gone.

Charlotte moved back to the door, and now managed to cast the spell with ease. This extra stimulation to her senses actually helped her with performing such an intricate spell. It felt almost as if it had been some trivial spell. She felt it on the door as clearly as she had hoped. This was the answer to her biggest problem! In this state, she would be able to cast a spell on Patrick that was a match for Beatrice's earlier spell.

Quickly, she scanned the street for passing villagers, none were visible from here. She stood up and walked from the house, as if she had finished some business with them normally. She wanted to visit Eveline now, to tell her to expect her working material soon. It would be the best to get her in as good a mood as possible; she would wait for Patrick's visit with lots of anticipation. Charlotte walked to her house already feeling reassured.

Before she arrived there, she saw a man running down the street. He noticed her and continued to run up to her directly. Between his hard breathing, he managed to relay his message. "James sent me to you. Come to his old farm; a cow in labor is dying." Charlotte was instantly running, she had a job to do. This was her chance to get this village to acknowledge her skills and help them at the same time. She roughly knew where to look for the farm, and pushed herself forward faster. Her speed would be critical for this job to succeed.

She could hear people and a cow yelling before she could see the barnyard. She rounded some trees and saw James together with a younger farmer and a farm hand standing around a cow. The legs of a calf were already visible, but there was also much blood around. She ran to the cow and immediately pushed her hands to its side. She could feel that the womb was ruptured on the inside. The cow was pushed almost too far. With a deep breath, she placed her feet firmly to the ground and mustered all her concentration.

The flesh of a living being knew its own regular form; she had to find that again inside the broken body. It had spent far too much energy already. This was such a large beast. She had helped her aunt once with a wound, but that had been much smaller. She could almost lose herself in this, there was so much wrong with this cow. Charlotte had to think back at how helpless she had felt even this morning. She had turned that around, so this had to be possible too. Despair was her enemy, the men around, the cow itself, everybody believed that it was too late.

"No! I won't let you die on me! Men, do your job. I will hold this cow alive." With that, she pepped herself up and let a lot of her energy lose on the cow. She felt the big womb react, the internal ruptures stopped with bleeding. She hoped she could feed the cow enough energy to make it survive long enough.

The men pulled again at the calf after they noticed that no new blood was flowing. It still took time to get the calf out, but Charlotte found enough new energy in her to feed to the cow. She really wanted it to survive, it was very valuable to these men, and she wanted it to know that too. The cow needed the chance to meet its calf and feel happy with it.

Quite some time later, the calf dropped out. Now, Charlotte could really start healing the cow and fully close those internal wounds. People would die if they had such trauma, but this beast had been strong. Slowly she could feel the flesh and membranes reattach itself again. After some time the cow even felt good enough to lie down. That helped Charlotte a lot as the cow could now find her own energy too. She finished her healing but landed on the ground herself, after her deep concentration broke.

Uncertain, James walked to her. "Are you all right? Can I support you?" She grabbed his arm but could not hold on to it. Two other hands lifted her from the ground and helped her to the farmhouse. She was guided to a bed there and was brought some water to drink.

"How is the cow?" was her first question after she woke from sleeping. James was sitting near her bed.

"Oh, it is fine and sleeping. The calf is already on its feet, healthy as can be. You probably saved two lives this day, we are very grateful for that."

"That is good. I almost lost it when I first touched that Cow. It had given up already."

"You can communicate his animals this way?"

"Not like talking, but I can exchange emotions. Animals can have a range of emotions not much less than people. The love for her calf was probably the best motivation I could use to help her endure."

"What would have happened to you, when you would have failed?" James had a concerned look on his face. "Can we ask for your help like this, or would we endanger you too, this way?"

Charlotte had not thought about that, she had felt the pain and despair of the cow. She had felt her struggle to live on, later she even shared her love. Could she share in the death of a cow too? "I don't know the answer to that. However, it will not lessen my resolve to help your village in this way. I will get better at healing. I had little knowledge of cows before, but now I understand them much better. Each time I help them, should be easier on my body."

James did not look happier. "I have found a daughter; do not throw your life away for an animal. We value them, but we eat them too."

Charlotte pulled herself upright; she felt better and did not want to be in bed for long.

"Do you need anything in return from us? A cow is a priced possession here."

"Just give me food as thanks. I could use more vegetables and I saw smoked sausages hanging inside. Some of those would be welcome too."

"You can have free food as long as you stay near the town anyway. As a reassurance that you could help us again, we will provide you with all the food you might need. Can we give you something else too?"

"I could use some cloth for more clothes. You know I normally wear black. And I would like some help with carving trees, so I can have fresh water by my house."

"Now that is more like it. Yes, that would be appropriate. I will talk to my son about it; make yourself ready at your leisure. We will visit the merchant as soon as you like."

Charlotte ate from the bread and dried sausage that were near her bed. Before she was finished, a farm hand brought her a bag overflowing with different types of food, vegetables, apples and meat. "Thank you, this is more than I asked for."

She followed him when he left and was introduced to Paul and his wife Wilma. She noticed the relief on their faces both for their cow and for Charlotte's quick recovery. But Charlotte had more things on her mind this day, so she said goodbye and walked to town with James. A couple of their children followed them until James ordered them to return home.

They walked by James' house and continued on to the merchants. They entered the house where the helper from earlier was surprised to see her. She just smiled at him quickly and then ignored him. There was enough cloth to choose from, but Charlotte was careful not to take so much that she could trigger her own spell. She found some good quality black cloth and James paid for it.

With the cloth in her regular bag, she thanked James and walked to Evelines. She knocked and asked for her when her mother answered. She entered the same room as she was before. "Hello Charlotte, do you have news? Were you really inside the castle?" Eveline was already high into anticipation; she looked quite young and energetic.

"Oh yes, I have been inside and have talked to Patrick. He has promised that he would help you, though I don't know when..." Charlotte could not finish her sentence because Eveline hugged her at that moment and kissed her quite passionately, too. It took Charlotte a moment to adjust herself to this. She had not hoped or asked for Eveline's intimate attention. The maiden clearly had no urge to stop her kiss soon and Charlotte felt that her surprise was melting away.

Eveline had known no other way to express her overwhelming gratitude. Charlotte felt her body relax in the close embrace, she had not yet recovered completely and could use the comfort. Eveline felt that she lost her tension and started to massage Charlotte's back in her embrace. Charlotte was feeling how tired she still was and tried to let her body slide down to sit on the table. However, Eveline had other plans and led her to her bed. She urged her to lie down on her belly and started to massage her shoulders in earnest.

Charlotte let out sigh and then Eveline stepped back. "Wait here a moment." And left the room quickly returning with a vial in her hand. She loosened Charlotte's blouse and pulled if off. "Just lie down and relax." And she started rubbing a nice smelling type of oil on her bare shoulders. That felt very good, and in a moment, she almost fell asleep as Eveline's hand rubbed her shoulders and back muscles. She was slowly working her way lower on Charlotte's back and touched her waistband.

"May I lower it?" was Eveline's soft-spoken question. Charlotte agreed to it and even pushed it down over her ass. She heard Eveline breathe in, the moment she did that, but Eveline continued to rub her lower back. Tentative hands moved on to her buttocks and returned there with increasing frequency. Even her sides got some attention, including the sides of her breasts.

Eveline was getting used to touching the more intimate parts of Charlotte's body, and it looked like it pleased her enough to continue further every time. Soon her hands had moved completely over her posterior and onto the legs pushing her skirt down even more. She was not about to stop with it soon. Charlotte had given herself over to her hands for some time now; she was ready for anything that Eveline would try with her.

Soon Eveline got the first glimpse of her vagina, resulting in a new pronounced intake of air. She gave herself some time to get accustomed to it by returning to Charlotte's shoulders, but soon her hands found their way to her buttocks again even pulling them apart a bit. She looked at her intimate parts for a moment before she moved her hand from her anus to her vagina and back. This resulted in a near audible moan from Charlotte. She liked the gentle attention on her and was awarded by more strokes to her vagina and anus; she let the slow waves of warmth flow through her body, it reacted lazily to those touches, but Eveline could definitely feel it.

After some consideration, Eveline moved her skirt all the way down from her legs and she removed her shoes. She first took her time oiling her feet completely even between her toes. Then, she worked her way upwards along her legs pushing some left over fatigue from her earlier run, out of them. All this time, she had a good view of Charlotte's vagina, it definitely held her attention, and soon her hands returned to it and started moving between its lips.

Charlotte opened her legs to allow Eveline to continue easier, she took the invitation and used both her hands, one to her vagina and one pushing between her buttocks. She seemed to be interested in both places, rubbing them more deeply now. In a bold move, she pushed one finger in both her holes moving them in and out at the same time. Charlotte moaned and had some vivid memories of a similar occurrence on the meadow earlier. She was so relaxed that any intimate touch felt very pleasant, even in her ass.

Eveline pulled her fingers out and poured oil directly on her ass letting it flow down to her vagina too; she was still not ready with that. With a heavier breath than before, two well-oiled fingers were pushed into both her two holes, making Charlotte gasp. She started to wonder how far the maiden wanted to go and that thought heated her up considerably. Still in combo, the fingers moved in and out of her and after some movement, she pushed them in completely, pushing quite strongly against her private parts. She almost climaxed from it, when the fingers were pulled out afterward.

Again, she felt oil flowing between her buttocks and could feel the two hands near her. However, Eveline stopped it suddenly and grabbed her buttocks with both hands. She was kneading them without restraint. Then she pulled them apart and started licking her anus. Charlotte longed for a release, so she moved her own hand between her legs and rubbed herself into a climax. Eveline was a close witness of it, still massaging her vigorously.
