 Including the visit of someone far less welcome.

Do not copy this work or parts of it to other sites than Literotica.

Many thanks to Linda62953 to help me to present this story better. 

Chapter 10: Housewarming

Charlotte almost danced to the small waterfall the next morning. She felt much better than the day earlier; she wanted to meet Brendon and wanted to fetch Romeo later. The weather was still not stable after the night's rain, but a watery sunshine was slipping through the clouds that lingered between the mountain tops nearby. It would probably rain again later today.

She saw Brendon already in the water and wanted to surprise him. She left her clothes on a place out of his direct sight and sneaked up on him from higher up the valley while he looked to the other side for her. She did not mind making sounds; they would be drowned out with the overall noise of the water around.

He yelped when she grabbed him. With her planning this meeting, she wanted to have him right away, he was acting so cute.

"Hello, Brendon, come here, I want you close." She hugged him and moved her body against him making him aroused in no time. Still wanting to play with him, she squatted down and took his now hard penis in her mouth, the cool water moved past her bottom and hot genitals. This was such a good start to her day. She wanted to feel him react to her. She had enjoyed Eveline's dances so much, she tried to get him to move his body the same way. The sucking worked fine on his young body.

Then she wanted to try his reaction to something else. If all men were obsessed with breasts, it would be nice to know what would happen if she put that phallus between them. She rose up a bit to her knees and moved it between her breasts. "I know another snug place for that toy." It almost was out of sight, but she felt it throbbing on her skin. She moved herself down again and the tip of his penis became visible. "Look, there it is again, hello toy."

Next to his reaction to it, it did not feel special, but Brendon almost fell backwards from the stimulation. That was fun but probably not handy if she wanted more from him than only this. She moved her breasts up and down for a few strokes while Brendon tried to keep his balance. It was a bit difficult for him as he had his gaze locked on her breasts.

He started throbbing so much that she found it wise to first perform the washing. "Come on, don't get too excited Brendon. I have other plans for you, so you need to be in perfect shape. Let me clean your body for you, and then you can clean me. Sound like a plan?"

"I will clean every spot on your heavenly body as long and as often as you like. I can't wait to make sure those breasts and that ass are cleaned completely."

The washing excited him but not to the point where he would lose his load quickly. After the soaping and scrubbing, she steered him under the small waterfall and pushed his penis inside her, hugging him close. "Now, you can try to undo your work again, move that body of yours, I want action."

They kissed a lot under the shower of water, and their bodies danced together. The water made them cool off enough that it extended their dance longer. Her breasts stroked the soft hairs on his chest as it tingled her nipples.

Before Jason could cum, she wanted to test another thing. He was cute but had a smaller phallus than Bryan had, she didn't mind but thought of their experiment yesterday. She pushed him back softly making him leave her. Then she bent down away from him with her bottom still under the fall. He inserted himself almost directly again, but she pushed at him to stop. "Try that hot thing of yours a bit higher this time."

"What do you mean?"

"Just move closer slowly, I'll guide you. Yes, that is perfect, ugh." His phallus was entering her anus, she quickly relaxed herself as much as possible, the protection spell hardly was necessary, but a nice safeguard to have. Brandon had his hands on her breasts, and Charlotte was rubbing her clitoris, the combined effect made her enjoy it well enough.

"Is it all right for me to move? You made a noise like you were in pain."

"Thanks, for the concern, start slowly." The warmth started to build almost as soon as he moved through her. That made up for any discomfort she had felt, she might try this more in the future. Brendon was such a handy man to have around for such experiments. She had noticed that standing against him had not awakened her womb, but it had been very pleasant. He started to move quicker making her forget everything else. The pleasure was building quickly. She rubbed herself and Brendon kept squeezing and fondling her breasts.

"That feels good; your ass is squeezing me so fine. I want to continue longer. Please, slow down."

Without realizing it, she had moved her hips against him hard; she tried to calm her movements. But a bit later, she climaxed and had moved so much she felt him pulsing inside her. Soon it would be over. Not in a hurry to stop, she let him shrink inside of her then she turned around and kissed him. "That was a success. I don't know about the next few days, but I hope to be here often."

They ran around to get warm and dry in the not yet perfect sunlight. When dry enough, they dressed and went their separate ways again. Charlotte thought about the potion that was applied to her anus yesterday. Would it heighten her reactions to anal sex? It had been very pleasant twice now. Would she feel strong urges to continue with it in the future?

There were a couple of men gathering at her house when she came home. They were armed with axes and other woodcutting tools. Bryan was between them hailing her with some relief. "Hi, Charlotte. I was worried you would not be home today." Of the other men, she only knew the farm hand from Paul, but she welcomed them all. They clearly reacted anxiously to her at first.

"Have a look at the well up here. With some tree trunks, we could lead water over them and down beside my house. Each tree should have a carved out area along the side and one under it so it can catch the water that the previous one brings to it. With a bit of luck, we’ll only need two trees for this."

Bryan had already some notion of what she wanted, and send the group to work. "We will get bigger trees than these small pines here for it. Then we can get the water to the house easier. There are larger trees higher up the valley. Let's get those down here."

After some time, they came back with a tree that they’d tugged as a group with a rope attached to it. After getting the next one, they cut the branches, which were big enough to provide for weeks of extra firewood. Some thick branches were spared to help fasten the trees in place and then they started carving. The carved areas turned out to be bigger than Charlotte had imagined she needed. It now would hold all the water from the well, giving her as much water as she could possibly need.

She made a lot of soup for them to eat asking them inside because it was raining by then. Because of the hard work, most of them had their shirts off even during the rain. She had her home filled with damp and hot male bodies. She filled everything that she could with soup, and passed the dishes to them. There were more men than cups at her home.

After lunch, she walked to town, feeling almost sad to leave all those nice bodies at her home. They still had work to finish, and she wanted to finally get her cat home. She was also interested if the bargaining of the last day had lived up to Louise’s standards. In addition, she wanted to get the big female cat from the house the merchant borrowed, as a replacement for Romeo the tomcat.

She walked to the late widow’s house and saw no one around. After visiting the carpenter shop yesterday, they could be visiting the smith by now. There were already some things around the house she remembered from the shop. She scanned the bushes with her eyes but could not find the cat easily. It could be anywhere but was probably not far. She walked between the bushes circling the house but did not find her. When she moved out of them, she faced yesterday's helper again. "Still lurking around here? Did you come back for more loving?"

"No, I am looking for a cat, have you seen it here somewhere?"

"When I say, I don't believe you; will you enjoy my handsome body again?"

Charlotte let out a sigh, "I really came for the cat, is she inside perhaps?"

"You are welcome to look around, it's dry and snug inside."

Oh well, it was not that she was afraid of this man. Charlotte entered the house and found the cat balancing itself high up on a small cupboard. She reached for it and lifted it gently in her arms.

"Darn, I hoped you wanted my embrace and not that musty cat. I have strict orders to never bother actual customers, but, if you need some warmth, you are always welcome in my arms."

"I will remember your generous proposal sir, but I have an urgent appointment right now. I hope we will meet again when the timing is better." She left the house, and walked towards the shop walking out of sight of her eager admirer. It was a nice game to play with him even when she didn'’t want to perform a service.

She didn'’t see Louise outside the shop. It was probably not the best weather to be fabricating ropes. After knocking on the door, it was quickly opened by her. "Welcome, Charlotte. I am busy rearranging the shop. We traded quite some goods yesterday and I have to sort out the last of them, and find a good place for everything again. Ah, you found a cat, or is that a small pig you are carrying? Can it still catch mice?"

"What do you want, a tiger to fight with you or a more humble female? This cat is still heavy after her old owner died, it has been able to find food easily." Romeo was walking closer. He wanted to inspect the other cat from up close. As an example, Charlotte lowered the cat to the ground. She immediately growled at Romeo with such authority that the black cat fled to a high shelf. Then she began to walk dignified around the place as if she was making a normal evenings outing.

"Well, that cat has an attitude I can appreciate. I like her! You have brought me a grand dame. Thank you very much. It will pain my heart to let Romeo go, but I think that he has to leave. Felicia will have the floor now."

"Did Dan strike a good deal yesterday?"

"Oh, I think so. I would have tried for more myself, but he has an eye for things that farmers will need in the coming months. We will have a steady stream of customers for sure. Moreover, most of the things that are sold are produced here in the valley. Right now, the deal is roughly even, but it will pay off greatly in the long run. Do you need me yet for some nefarious plan of yours, or do I have to wait longer?"

"Are you that eager to come to my aid? I hope you don't die of boredom soon."

"I have found new ways to entertain myself lately, but still, ask me any time."

"Then I will leave you to your demanding job then. I hope Romeo is willing to come with me."

It took a little time to get the young cat from the shelf again. It trembled in Charlotte's arms, the poor beast. "See you soon, Louise."

The outside was damp enough to make Romeo even more miserable. That suited Charlotte's plan. She did not want him to try to reach the shop again, even if that would be highly unlikely with the stream and the rope bridge between the two spots. She walked quickly to her home seeing that the men there had fastened the trees in place. Water was flowing in them.

"You guys have done a fine job. It works so well. Thank you all." She moved past them to place Romeo inside her home. "I cannot thank you guys enough. I would have tried to make it myself, but would not have had such a good working system in place for weeks."

The men gathered their belongings and wanted to leave. "Bryan, do not forget the extra equipment I borrowed from Dan. Also greet him and Elsa for me."

"It was nice to help you with your home again. Enjoy it, bye." A line of men walked towards the town. Charlotte waved at them and then went to look if Romeo would settle down in her house.

The young cat had just started to move from the place she left him. "Go on, look around the place, you are the man in this house now." He was still young enough to be curious of anything. Romeo was soon trying to reach every spot that would possibly hold him. She had lived in a home with a whole bunch of cats around, so this new house-mate was more than welcome.

Suddenly, she felt a familiar aura near. Charlotte jumped up and ran outside. There she saw her Mother Bianca, with hands set on her hips looking at her house. She almost jumped into her arms. Her last visit to Isabel had been months ago.

"Oh, mother, welcome to my home. I had hoped for you to come." She kissed her proud mother, and then pulled her with her. "Please come inside, this house is so nice."

"Hold still, you little thunderstorm. Let me have a look at you first. It looks like time still has no effect on you. Will you be young forever?"

"Stop that mom. You are the one that looks exactly like when I left our house together with Isabel. I have grown a lot since then."

"Not so much in length though. I still seem to be taller than you, but you have bested me in curves. Have you met that handsome father of yours, and thanked him for his part of the bargain."

"I met him yes, and even promised that I would bring him here to meet you. However, that can wait for tomorrow. Come inside, do you want anything to eat? I have lots of fresh fruit."

"Yes, Dan built a separate room for shoes and wet clothes. It will probably even help with keeping the house warmer in the winter. I do not yet have sandals, but you have seen the water works. I can practically fill a pot with water standing here inside my house."

"That looks nice yes. Will my little girl become lazy the moment she leaves her tutor?"

"I might, yes. There is much more. Look at this a couch with a carpet underneath it, and a box bed behind those doors. I could sleep through the winter in its warmth. You can sleep in the bed tonight, and I still will be more than comfortable on the couch."

"What will they think of next, using iron to catch sparks? Things have changed for the better around here, when they think iron is so cheap that they can use it in such a way. This is not a home, it's a palace made of wood."

"Here have some fruit. I have apples and some early berries. I have saved a cow in labor in town already, now they want to provide me with free food."

"Saved a cow? That should have been a tough job for you, was it wounded?"

"It was, and it had bled almost to death the moment I arrived. I could only save it by using an awful lot of energy."

"So, you have not gone lazy yet. I don’t know if I could have done better. Have you healed a large animal before?"

"Only some scratches on Isabel. She had hurt herself when she misstepped in the mountains."

"That is almost no practice. How did you manage this feat? Could you completely close the wound?"

"Yes, I'm certain of that. The cow wanted to lie down on her belly and she wouldn't have done that if she still was hurt."

Bianca looked at her daughter with different, slightly piercing eyes. "You haven't lost your fighting spirit. Make good use of it, but don't let it turn against you, that can easily go wrong."

"Am I so special in that regard? I don't recall any use of force during my youth."

"I recall it. You almost knocked me out when I told you to go live with Isabel. Oh, I could keep my composure then, but that was only due to experience. I could not break down in front of my own dear child on such an important occasion."

"Oh, mother. I am sorry I did that. I can still feel the agony of the moment. Why did it have to be Isabel?"

"Why Isabel? That is rash child. She is a fine tutor and a good woman. You know that very well. Don't whine to me about getting you under her care."

"But she is so reclusive. There were almost no visits of other witches, and none of others."

"That is hardly special for a witch. I am blessed to be visited by so many myself. Isabel has much more knowledge of nature than my average visitor. You could probably teach me about things I do not know for years. Be grateful for it, child."

Charlotte threw her arms around the stern looking woman. "I am really grateful for that. It took a long time, but I never had a problem with learning of all the plants and animals around us. The walks through the mountains were always fantastic, if it was with her or alone later, I still like them."

That moment Romeo chose to inspect the new visitor. All kind of new smells had been brought inside by her. "Ah, you have a cat already, good."

"James told me that he had saved you before. How did that happen? I cannot imagine you walking into a snare trap like that."

"That was also my feeling. One moment, I was walking through the forest, the next I was hauled up by a strange man with a broken leg and a splitting headache. Everything around me was blurry and spinning. It was a deer trap but no ordinary one. A fairy had used a couple of different types of spells on it to hide it and steer my path to it. That was far more than a simple trap."

Charlotte could not keep her temper in check. "That was mean! More than that, it was meant to kill you. Is that fairy still here somewhere, I will give it something to remember."

"It was quite some time ago Charlotte. I know it'll be not much time for a fairy. It was immediately punished for it afterwards, even though I had my own part in creating that scene."

"Oh, no. Could it be that she was called Lilah?"

"Yes, that was her name. Have you met her? It is quite possible she has not left that place at all. Fairies live a different life than we do."

"I met her alright. And I probably lifted her punishment from her too. Had I known this, I would have thought twice about that."

"You keep surprising me. That was a punishment from the local queen. That kind of spell does not waver with time; it should be as powerful as the moment it was first placed on her. I think it is my blood in you that allowed you to lift it, but it is still remarkable."

"What had driven her to create such an elaborate trap? She probably needed to lure a hunter with skill first, that would take time and even for a fairy that is quite a feat."

"Oh, she is not a common fairy. Lilah has considerable skills. She had almost managed to repel me twice before. First, she tried to mimic a witch to reason with me, the next time she took the form of a hideous monster with multiple great jaws to fend me off. It was only after my third visit that she succeeded, though it was too late by then."

"How did you manage all that? She was clearly quite desperate to keep you away. The witch form should have been quite effective."

"I had a fairy with me too, in Raven form, but still effective to derail another fairy during a tough act. She had almost made me believe her, I would not have bothered another witch living there."

"Again the raven, was it a male fairy? They are uncommon but still…."

"Yes, it had acted as a lover for Isabel earlier. And, almost succeeded there too. Your aunt never told me the specifics, but I think he could not hold a human form during his act. Isabel must have had some scary experiences. She is still not over it; you must have noticed her aversion of the other gender. I hope she will put that history behind her some day.

The fairy was punished to serve witches as a raven before he could be himself again. Isabel still did not want him around. I got his service from that moment on. He saved my life and that has freed him in return."

"That scary form of Lilah, I presume that she could not make it very convincing when you didn't get along with it, and feed her your own fantasies of scary monsters."
