 Do not copy this work or parts of it to other sites than Literotica.

Many thanks to Linda62953 to help me to present this story better.

***

Charlotte tried to fly lower than the trees, and she avoided the paths. She did not want to scare people with her flying close over their heads. She crossed the stream and landed at the back of Louise's shop. She knocked urgently at the door.

Louise was quick to open it. "Hi, Charlotte, looking at your wild hair, you want to ask me a favor now. Does it involve any sex?"

"It does involve sex; however, I'm afraid my question for you doesn't. First, do you have a wooden pole of one thumb's thickness and one and a half feet in length?"

"I could try at the workshop. I don't have any broomsticks on stock right now. Normally, Dan creates those quickly. If you are in a hurry, I could fetch you a saw to cut off a bit of the broom you are holding. I could get you a replacement stick for it soon enough."

"It's a pity; this broom served me well recently."

"Did you fly here on it? Cool! Then you must really be frantic. I'll get the saw directly." Louise bounced inside and was back in a flash.

While she sawed a part off the stick, Charlotte asked her the main question. "I presume you know Eveline Mills who lives close to the village entrance. Can you go there in a few minutes, and ask her parents to leave the house? Probably, only her mother will be there."

"Ok, but I'd be disappointed if she gets more action than me today. However, I gave you my word to help you with any job, so I'll do my best to give you all the room you need. Just tell me the juicy details later, ok?"

Charlotte laughed, "I'll do that. Please hurry though; otherwise it'll be in vain."

Louise walked quickly along the street, with Charlotte following her a bit slower. She kept out of sight as much as possible. She wanted to be able to see Louise though, as she might be walking back soon with the mother. It was lucky that she was this cautious, as Louise managed to walk back with the woman almost immediately. Charlotte dived behind a bush, and tried to blend into it.

"It's of good quality, you might like it," was what Louise told the woman, who looked interested. "The cutting for the laces should be easier with it. It should not tear the cloth as much as usual." Charlotte moved again as the two women passed by her. Louise clearly knew the woman enough to interest her with the new goods inside her store.

Charlotte quickly reached the house. The door was closed but not locked. She entered the house as silently as possible, moving through the door next to Eveline's. It was a large closet packed with all kinds of goods. It had a rather thin wooden wall next to Eveline's room. She waited there, her eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness around her. There was a lot of food and tools stored around her. She sat down on a short stool that was usually used as a stand to reach for the higher stacked goods on the shelves.

It did not take long before someone knocked on the house door. Eveline came out of her room and walked towards it. She opened the door and gasped, "Wow, welcome, Patrick. That is a lot of cloth, come in, please. Put it here in my room." They walked past Charlotte's hiding place, into Eveline's room. "Let me have a quick look at it. Cool, this seems to be the best cloth that the merchant had with him. Thank you very much." It seemed that Patrick needed none of his usual bantering with Eveline today as there was not much sound coming from the room anymore.

With some effort, Charlotte could hear two, intertwined, bodies moving slowly towards the bed. After some more moments, she heard Patrick say, "You managed to fix your dress remarkably well, let's be a bit more careful with it today." That sped-up their foreplay a lot, Charlotte was preparing herself for the tension that would come out of the room within a few minutes time.

She got her wooden pole in her hands and applied some oil to it. She hoped it would not be too uncomfortable. It should be far more reliable than her whole hand to touch her womb enough to get the extra magical perception she needed later. Within moments, the air around her was hit by the aura that Patrick had created around him. He would be burning a lot of magical energy for some time.

She heard the moaning and gasping coming from behind the wall, and tried to insert the stick in her vagina. This was going nowhere, it felt awful. She was still much too dry, and the oil did only half the work she wanted. She tried to apply her saliva to the wood and started rubbing herself at the same time. A slight panic started to rise in her, blocking any arousal she wanted. This was bound to fail if she did not find a better way soon. Patrick took longer than the first time on the meadow; however, he would have been in heat long before even knocking on that door.

Knowing nothing better to do, Charlotte tried her power on the stick to make it smoother and perhaps a bit thinner. "You're doing great," was not what Charlotte wanted to hear from Eveline on this moment. In a final attempt, she tried her best to imaging a phallus as clearly as she could and willed the stick to that form, with the use of some real power. She had wanted to conserve that for the next act, but without the first, that would fail too. After feeling some effect on the shape of the wood, she inserted it with some effort.

"Wow, what did you do? You feel so tight now, oh yes, baby." Patrick was clearly enjoying this moment with Eveline. Charlotte now had the stick in her, and moved it to get it deeper inside. "What muscles you have, milking me, ah..., more!" Now Charlotte finally felt the wood moving smoothly in her, she pushed it deep in her womb. There was a reaction there too, she felt herself loose the earlier tension, and was now enjoying it far more. The wood almost felt like a real penis moving in her, it even throbbed like the real thing would.

She started to build some speed, and heard the moaning increase near her. She had difficulty keeping herself silent; however, she did not really need to be concerned that much. "Oh, I love you moving around me. I hoped to continue longer, but I have problems lasting longer."

"Don't you worry; you're welcome here any time." After this encouragement, Patrick could not hold himself and came. The same moment, her stick pulsated clearly inside Charlotte. By now, she could see everything around her clearly as in brought daylight. She even saw Patrick's aura projected through the wall. After she had pulled out the wood, she saw that it not only looked like the real thing, but moved like it too. Veins were even visible along the shaft. No wonder it had felt so much better than before. 

She waited a moment, to allow Patrick to spend some more energy. She stood up, arranged her underclothes to something close to proper, and opened the door. She walked the few steps through the corridor, and entered Eveline's room. The maiden shrieked as she entered. "What are you doing here?" She ignored her, trying to concentrate on the now pulled back aura of Patrick. "Keep away from him. No, don't harm Patrick, Please!"

"Eveline, I will probably save his live with this." She placed a hand on Patrick's head. With all her concentration and effort, she placed a seal on his aura. He might still use his powers, but they would not bleed automatically anymore. This had enough effect on him to stun him completely.

"That worked well; Eveline, come here. I have to check you now." The maiden had moved away from her, with wide-open eyes. Her body was shaking; she had almost no control over it any more. Charlotte stepped towards her and laid a hand on her belly. With some power, she could sense she was not pregnant yet, but she killed any living seed inside of her.

"What did you do to me? To us both?"

"I'm still not finished." Charlotte moved back to Patrick and touched his balls. From this moment on a spell prevented them from forming any living sperm. "Now, I'm ready. I prevented you from getting pregnant for the time being. You clearly don't want to have a child from this guy here."

"How do you know that for sure?" Eveline looked at her with both anger and tears in her eyes.

"Do you know how to be a good mother for a witch, or worse, a warlock? No, you are much better off in your current situation. A witch would be much too scary for you." Eveline understood enough now, to stop complaining.

Charlotte moved back to Patrick, the stunning effect was slowly fading from him. "Patrick! Can you hear me?" Slowly he nodded. "Cool. Did you bring Petty with you to buy cloth?" Again, he nodded. "Where is she now?"

"Walking back to the castle."

"Well, enjoy your stay here. I made certain you cannot harm anyone by accident anymore." And after that statement, Charlotte left them. She almost ran back to the shop, while putting her new phallus on a stick in her bag.

"Louise, have you managed to fix the broom? Oh, I see it. Thanks." Louise was still talking with Eveline's mom, sitting with her at a table, with some cloth and different knives on it. Without waiting for any reaction, she walked out through Louise's room again. Outside, she flew down to the river till she was well outside the direct view of the village. Then, she turned in the direction of the castle. Flying there would be more difficult with the spell surrounding it, but she wanted no loose ends left.

Flying above the road, she saw Petty walking. She was already close to the castle. Charlotte landed behind her and called out, "Petty, do you have a moment for me?" The maid stopped and turned around, quite surprised.

"Oh, it's you Charlotte. Have you recovered from that awful affliction you had?"

"Yes, completely. Nevertheless, I don't know if it could be contagious. Do you feel shaky or have you had the shivers lately?" Charlotte moved closer and touched the woman. She felt some very recent changes to the shape of the woman's womb.

"No, I've had no shivers. But I do feel a bit strange."

Knowing that a first pregnancy at Petty's age would not be wise anymore, made Charlotte lose any regrets. She let her magic flow, and helped the woman's womb to revert to its normal, vacant, form.

"What are you doing? That felt weird, like my womb moved."

Feeling far less hurried anymore, Charlotte wanted to talk more with the maid. "You seem to like Patrick a lot. Have you known him for a long time already?"

"Practically all my life while in the castle. I moved into it twenty-two years ago. At the time, I was quite a young maiden. I found him first, on the dreadful night his mother went missing. He was totally soaked, and cramped up, hiding behind her bed. I vowed that day, to help him in any way I could."

"I know he appreciates it, even though at times, he is using stupid ways to express himself."

"Oh, I know too. One day he will find a fine lady, and loose that wild side of him, I'm sure."

"That would be wonderful indeed. Don't let me bother you anymore, have a nice day."

"A nice day for you too."

Charlotte walked back, wondering why Petty did not ask about her broom. It did not look much like it had before, perhaps. It had a new pole attached to it, and her flying had changed its shape too, it seemed. Well, she could use it for some time longer. After turning a curve, and being out of sight from Petty and the castle, she flew again, returning to Louise's shop.

Louise was waiting for her, at the back door. "So, it seems like that broom still has some flying power left. Spill the beans, what did you do to Eveline, the poor maiden?"

"Me? Not that much. I just made sure she would not get pregnant anytime soon."

"Was there much to worry about? Her love life seems to be dwindling, with her passion for making clothes, and staying indoors for it, so much."

"Oh, Patrick visits her often enough lately, to see to that."

"Now that is news, is the Baron's son suddenly interested in women outside of the castle?"

"Yes, it looks like he divides his attention more lately."

"Hmm, enough to make you worry about Eveline's future? Interesting. Even enough to get you flying around the place; want to spill more about that?"

"Not really, however, you wanted juicy details, so I can show you some of them." She took the penis shaped pole out of her bag. "Something is wrong with this pole; can you help me with it?"

"Something wrong? No way, this pole has improved a lot. Can I test it out? We cannot be sure enough about its quality. It looks so lifelike; it is a penis I should recognize?"

"Sorry, my mother is waiting for me at my home. Well, she is probably not lonely but still my guest." Charlotte looked at the phallus a bit closer. "I have seen a penis like this recently. Oh, Patrick's weapon looks very much like it; I think I have unconsciously copied it from him."

"Oh, that's a juicy detail I like." Louise quickly kissed Charlotte. "Can I borrow this, please?"

"Sorry, I want to experiment with it myself first. I still have some plans in the future that would need a tool like this. Tomorrow, I can visit you, and then you can get a feel for it, too."

"You cannot lend it to me till then? Bummer, I'll have to visit Bryan tonight, then. His real thing seems to be bigger than that pole anyway."

"I probably need a bit of help from you again tomorrow. Till then, have fun and give Bryan a kiss for me too."

"I look forward to it, happy flying."

Charlotte flew back to her house. Before she entered, she listened at her door. Her parents' breathing was not smooth in any way. She did not want to disturb them and walked around the place. Sitting on a stick was really not very comfortable, and she did not want to start flying on a regular basis; walking was much better.

James and Bianca had done a lot more than just talking during the afternoon. Charlotte felt happy for them, but felt slightly awkward about it too. Was it possible that Bianca would like to have another daughter, now her oldest one lived on her own already? After some minutes, she walked back and knocked on her own door. Inside there was a bit of shuffling around, then Bianca called her inside.

"Hello Mom and Dad, I hope you did not have a boring afternoon."

"No, not at all," was Bianca's quick response. "James, would you like to eat here this evening?"

"And bother you in spending your time with your daughter? No, I'll walk to town in a moment. But thanks for the offer."

"You know you will not bother us," was Charlotte's answer to him. Bianca was looking at her with unspoken questions in her eyes. "I'll visit you soon anyway. I want you to properly introduce me to the rest of my family, this time."

"I can certainly arrange that, have a nice evening ladies." With that greeting, James left them alone.

"Did you have a second emergency in town so soon?" was the immediate question of Bianca.

"Not an emergency like with the cow, no. But I'm afraid, I cannot tell you much, I promised not to talk about it to witches."

"What? Why did you promise that?" Bianca sighed, "Not much you can do to alter that then. Can you still tell me something about that item in your bag there?"

"This? What do you want to know about it?" Charlotte fetched the fake penis from her bag.

"That is a magical artifact, Charlotte. It has an unlikely shape, but it is still powerful. Did you create it this afternoon?"

"Yes." Charlotte could not tell Bianca what was on her mind. But she would not lie to her either, the current situation was impossible enough already.

"Besides, did you fly today? Two times even?"

"No, four times. But only short distances, like from here to town, not further."

"Come here." That certainly was no question. Charlotte felt a bit anxious about what would come next. Her mother placed both her hands to her face and looked at her intensely. There were no warm feelings in her eyes now. Her curiosity was quickly replaced by a hard stare. A powerful witch gazed at and in her, with long years of experience. More than eighty years had made her aware of things that others might miss. Then she sighed and broke the spell.

"What shall I do with you, Charlotte? You run around throwing magic like some foolish child. Still you look like a confident witch, whom only used some trivial magic today. I cannot follow you at all.

"One part of me wants to take you far from here, put you under the better judgment of Isabel again. Another part of me feels frightened, wants to contact Gwendolyn, to delve up all the secrets left in this valley. However, you are a mature witch now, and you are my daughter; I need to trust you. Will you be careful, Charlotte?"

Charlotte wanted to throw her arms around her mother to comfort her. She wanted so much to tell her every detail of the last few days. But, she held back, "Yes, mother. I will be careful, there is a lot going on here, but I still can handle it."

"What is the source of your limitless power? I'm much stronger than you are right now, but would be exhausted after only a third of your actions today. There are old stories of wars with very active witches in it; I had thought they had become exaggerated with time."

"Probably not, I can release my emotions enough to recover quickly. I do feel exhaustion, but do not dwell on it long; getting my mind off it seems to help. There is also a lot of magic around this place, like Piers observed, that does help me too."

"But that is not all. I can feel that, too. However, I still had trouble last year."

"Besides the emotions, I found a herb that helps me feel the environment around me very clearly. It makes casting spells easier, and it probably helps me recover, too. I'll look into that effect some more in the future."

"Do you have some of it left?"

"Yes, here you are. This is the potion that I brew from it."

Bianca held the vial in her hands, looked at it closely and sniffed from it when she opened it.

"This is a powerful potion; the flower grew close to the fairy court? That would make it stronger than normal. You could trade this potion easily with other witches; however, I would not recommend it."

"I have no such intentions, yet."

"Enough about this potion and your powers. Promise me that you will visit me and tell me about your secrets, as soon as your promise allows for it."

"That's fine. I would've liked to tell you everything at this moment."

"About that imp, Piers. He really helped me earlier, so it was hard for me to fend him off. He has promised me he would not follow you, or lay a hand on you. That bastard could pry around such a promise with ease, but still, he left us for now."

"Is he part of a winter fairy court?"

"Yes, he is. Nevertheless, he's strong enough, to stay where he wants, during the summer. Never underestimate him, when he might return. Do you have a plan ready, if that would happen? I cannot offer any help to you on short notice."

"I would probably visit the local fairies; that should help me to get him off my back."

"Daring, but yes. That would probably be the best, short term, approach. Keep your wits together at all times."

Charlotte hugged her mother. "Don't be afraid for me. Even a fairy with such experience like him is still a fairy. He is always eager for attention, and not very original in his attempts."

"That's true. Let's eat something, I want to have a good nights sleep before my journey back."

The tension was broken after that. Bianca enjoyed their evening together; just like every mother on a visit to a far away daughter would have done. The next day, she left at the earliest of dawn.