 Chapter Two

Puurfection Gone Wild

To my lovely readers, thank you so much for your feedback on the first Chasing Tail. This story is written from a new, female character's perspective but I am working on continuing with the characters from chapter one. Apologies for the wait between chapters, comments are welcome and encouraged! Below is a short summary so you may discover if this story is relevant to your interests:

Aiko Hatsumi is a kind natured sweet heart who never gets into trouble and is instantly liked by everyone she meets. She's never considered having any kind of relationship because she's so happy with her current life style. Although she has many admirers none desire her as much as Makoto Kotarou who has coveted Aiko since he met her. One night, Aiko starts to feel very strange. Her entire persona becomes much more catlike and suddenly she's craving the love and attention of Makoto. However, what starts out as feelings of harmless love quickly turn into feline lust.


********************

Whilst most girls my age were trying to hold down a relationship at university, I preferred holding down a job. I worked in an adorable bakery of a weekend where I baked sweets I'd learnt how to make as a child. It turned out people just went crazy over my carrot cake and raspberry muffins and, before long, word got out that I worked the weekends. I got to meet all kinds of people; actually, that job was how I met most of my friends from uni. 

I remember one guy who came in called Makoto Kotarou. He was very likeable and would often return with these huge orders. Eventually he confessed to me that he'd made all these excuses to come see me and that his roommates has all complained they were getting fat so they'd sent him to 'finally just ask me out'. 

Please, don't get me wrong, Makoto was the loveliest guy I knew but I was so happy with the way my life was going I didn't want to risk messing things up; so I turned him down. I think I made him very sad but he kept coming to see me anyway which always made me smile. But this isn't the story of how I broke Makoto's heart, quite the contrary actually...

It was another Saturday and I felt sunny and ready to tackle work with a smile - that was until I reached my front door. I felt like I'd been punched in the stomach. My skin was prickly like hedgehog quills, my heart raced in a flurry of desperation and, all at once, I was overwhelmed by the need to lie down. 

I spread my body across my bed, wriggling and stretching in a bid for comfort. Nestling in the fabric I contemplated phoning in sick but found I was quite unable to tear myself away from such warmth. I slid out of my summer dress and lay there in my white cotton bra and panties, entirely satisfied. Everything remained just peachy for a good three hours. Upon any attempt to move I would be overcome by fatigue and, strangely, the need to drink milk. I didn't even like milk. Finally, I hoisted myself upright and sense required me to survey myself in the mirror.

My eyes danced over the reflection of my body. Instead of concentrating on my long, flaming red hair or deep brown eyes I peered at my, scantily clad, figure. It was a smooth accumulation of gentle curves combined with a tight waist and a soft neckline. My breasts felt even more enormous yet I was no longer self conscious, I almost wished they'd burst out of my bra so I could show everyone.

This was so unlike me. Often, modesty would dominate my psyche. I was the girl with E-cup breasts and killer curves who wore knee length skirts and high collar shirts. Suddenly I wanted to just stand there naked and proud.

These new concepts made me feel alone and unsure. One thing I did know was that I wanted to share my new self with someone – anyone. But who did I have to confide in? Although I had friends I was hardly close with any of them and this need for comfort was turning into a fleeting desire to be touched. I required affection.

The clock read 4 O'clock. Had it really been six hours since I was due in? I wondered if anyone would notice if I went out in my underwear...of course they would. I was losing all rationale and considering that this was, perhaps, a dream. My roommate returned during my contemplation and I felt exceedingly happy to see her. I went for a hug, which turned more into a dive, and we ended up tumbling to the floor.

Baring in mind that I was still in my underwear, this act of friendliness was not received well. "Fuck, Aiko what was that? Why aren't you at work?" Michiru growled at me. She continued to scold and lecture me covering the topic of my partial nudity and various other issues of which I cared little about. All this time I was staring at her hands.

Normally, Michiru and I got on well. She was a bit more of an extrovert than myself and would occasionally come home rather merry from a night out. One time she revealed to me that she loved it when a partner played with her hands. Be it a light tickling or full on suckling on her fingers it'd turn her into a purring kitten. I wanted purring kitten to play with. 

I approached her with an apology and slyly took her hand. Not in an obvious way but in a friendly, comforting manner. "Sorry. Aiko has been feeling strange all morning." I explained. my speech pattern unusual. I referred to myself in third person, something I wasn't accustomed to. I smiled at Michiru, stroking her fingers gently with my thumb. It was subtle but I saw her eyes flicker downwards at the touch. With that, I knew it was working. I relaxed my grip and smoothed my fingers across her palm locking my gaze onto hers.

Michiru cleared her throat out of discomfort but made no attempt to pull away. "I – well, it's okay. The diving thing caught me off guard that's all." She spoke with a slight quiver at the start of her words. Mildly, I caressed her fingers with my own, eventually taking a hold of the tips and manoeuvring her hands closer to my body. 

I brought myself forwards so we were only just stood apart. Poor Michiru's breathing had slowed and her eyes looked anticipatingly wide. I brought her hands to my face and glimpsed at her long, well manicured, fingers. From her expression of extreme anxiety I could tell she was well aware of what was to come. 

My little tongue slowly protruded from between my lips to run along the length of Michiru's hands. She inhaled quite deeply and seemed to shake all over. "Aiko..." she whispered. Proud I'd come this far, I wasn't giving up. My tongue swirled around her fingers, over her knuckles and across her palm. This variation caused her to press her body up against my own. Our breasts heaved together as our breathing synchronised and I continued to pleasure her in our living room.

I played with her hands for some time before I dragged her onto the couch. She was in such a catatonic state she was my very own puppet. I liked licking Michiru, using my tongue felt natural and liberating. I wanted to lick her all over but felt worried she wouldn't succumb. Occasionally I'd release one hand, leaving it free to tug at the crotch of her jeans. It was fun to watch her struggle to pleasure herself. 

With every flick of my tongue her hips would thrust up against me. I figured I'd move further south within the next few minutes. However, I wanted my final bit of hand work to be memorable. So, I wrapped my tongue around her index finger and moved it up and down slowly. She moaned like I was licking her pussy. 'Soon.' I thought. I took the entire finger in my mouth and sucked hard, twisting my tongue around it, covering it in saliva – I imagined this was what giving a blow job was like. I moved my free hand down to unbutton her jeans and went for the crotch of her panties. As I did this I took all her fingers in my mouth and sucked like I was blowing a guys dick. She cried out in short bursts of ecstasy and came quite violently. Her juices spilled through her panties, all over my hand, and she was spent...

********************

The next morning I woke feeling the same as the day prior. I did, however, call work and explain I was 'very ill'. They wished me well and mentioned that Makoto called in to see me and had expressed worry upon my not being there. Ah yes, Makoto, I liked him. 

Last night I lay in bed worrying about what I had done. I was sure Michiru wouldn't be feeling too pleased about our afternoon encounter and wondered if there was any possible way to fix things. I concluded there was not. Thoughts sped across my mind accompanied by waves of guilt. What happened yesterday was naught but manipulative lust and was entirely out of character. Yet, it felt so good. The power was amazing. Lying in bed that night, I reached into my panties and felt my soaking wet pussy. It turned me on. And now what? I'd just pretend nothing happened? I couldn't. I felt the strange need to be near someone well inside of me once again. I made a decision that morning and left without another word.

Makoto answered his door still in his house coat (Well it was only just 10:00 AM). His jaw dropped at the sight of me. "Aiko? What are you doing here?" he asked with a genuine smile on his face. I smiled back and let myself in. "Aiko felt...lonely...Aiko needed to be near Makoto." I tried to explain - I could tell he noticed my strange speech pattern but had chosen to ignore it. "Okay. My roomies are out for the day – we could put a movie on or something if you like?" he suggested. I figured he was letting me in out of curiosity more than anything. I pulled him into his front room and onto his couch. It was a brown, leather pull out with plenty of room but I snuggled up close to him.

"Aiko and Makoto should just...sit." I purred. We spoke for a while; occasionally I would nuzzle into the soft fabric of his housecoat. I say 'we spoke', I actually mean Makoto spoke and I listened. He talked of trivial stuff like television shows and coursework etc... but eventually we hit a silence where he simply said: "I'm glad you're here."

I was happy to be there. Yet, for all the kind words Makoto had to say, I was still ready to pounce on him in lioness fashion. All I needed was a good segway and, luckily enough, I was handed it. "Umm, is there anything I can get you?" Makoto asked. I looked up at him; my eyes locked onto his, and licked my lips once over. I saw his mouth open a tiny bit. "Milk." I said intensely. As he made to get me some I held him in his seat. "Aiko wants Makoto's milk." I smirked. Makoto's body tensed, he was trying to figure me out. I moved my face close to his, brushing my hands along his upper arms, trying to loosen him up. Moments before my plump lips touched his own, rather dry one's, I felt him draw an uneasy breath.

Makoto pulled back, probably to begin questioning my advances, but I pinned him down. His lips were parted a little; he was kissing tenderly. My tongue pushed them open and slid into his warm mouth. Our tongues cradled each other, sloshing around in a lusty dance. We did eventually break free but, by that time, I was in no fit state to answer any of Makoto's questions. 

"Aiko, I've never seen you like this? Does this mean you, umm, like me?" he wondered. I lay most of my weight on top of him with just my head perched high to stare him straight on: "Please master...pet Aiko." I crooned. This was Makoto's moment to step up to the plate and be a man! His hand reluctantly shook as he made for my chest. I'd deliberately worn a loose vest and skirt to make it easy for him. He cupped my breast pitifully.

"I-it's very nice." He shook in an awkwardly tense state. This was exactly how I'd been picturing my first time – uncomfortable and with someone as inexperienced as me – now I was long for the days when I didn't know what I wanted. I wanted him to throw me down and go at me like an animal. I wanted to be used, have the advantage taken of me, I wanted him to bite me and rough me up so I'd still be feeling his touch the next morning.

It was time to take action. Makoto wasn't horny for me, he was stunned into submission. I had to turn him on in order to see the real side of things. "Aiko made Michiru's panties wet." I giggled, covering my mouth coyly. Makoto leant back looking more confused than ever. He went to speak but couldn't really find his words so I continued. "It was yesterday. Aiko barely even touched her. Michiru didn't touch Aiko and now Aiko is all alone...alone and wet...Aiko's panties are too wet to wear now." I uttered reaching my hand up my skirt.

Makoto's eyes grew wide and hopeful as I yanked my panties off and presented them to him. "A gift." I spoke. He took the panties, exceedingly unsure of what to do. In a bid to encourage me he sort of held them against his face. Poor, amusing Makoto needed some serious schooling. But from me? Just three days ago I'd got a pop up advertising a porn website and found the pure notion of people having sex unsettling. Now I felt excited and prepared to go down on Makoto and suck at his thick manhood. 

I sat up straight and began cupping my own breasts. I removed my bra from under my shirt and smiled as I cooked up a plan. "If they are stroked you can see Aiko's nipples."
And boy did I do just that. I tickled the tips causing them to jump up and stick out through my cotton vest. "Quick, before they go away, say hello." I giggled, straddling Makoto and placing hands on my top. It was his call now.

With an eager half smile he grabbed at my tits and pinched the nipples quite roughly. "Mmmm." I encouraged. His robe fell to one side revealing nothing more than a pair of Spiderman boxer shorts and a stiff member protruding through them. I stroked the top of his pants gently, feeling him quiver at my touch.

"Aiko wishes to drink now." I stated lowering myself down to crotch level. I pulled back what little clothing he had and was greeted by a very tall, uncircumcised penis. It was long, thick and a soft tan colour. I wrapped my soft hand around and tugged the foreskin back to be blasted by the scent of pheromones which drenched my already wet pussy. 

I went absolutely wild for his dick. My mouth consumed it whole, letting it push right to the back of my throat where I held it and gagged momentarily. I bobbed my head back and forth, coating it with a thick layer of saliva. Precum seeped out, salty and teasing my tongue, which only aided the lubrication. Makoto's moans were stifled: "Uhh...uhh...uhh..." he breathed with every rocking motion of my mouth. "Aiko loves to swallow master's cock." I smiled, fond of the activity in which we were engaging. 

I took his dick out of my mouth to look upon the slippery mess I'd made. Removing my top to expose my giant rounded breasts, I slapped him across them making a show of how much I liked the feel. I rubbed the slippery mushroom head over my beautifully pink, rock hard, nipples before running my tongue up his firm shaft. Fuck, his dick was so stiff and soon to be inside my tight virgin pussy. 

I straddled him once again, this time turning to face away. I pulled my skirt up and my panties to one side. "Aiko's pussy is aching...fill it with master's milk." I begged. My gaping pussy was utterly gagging for him. Something changed in Makoto. I saw him be overcome by lust in the way that I had been. He slipped out from underneath me, kneeling to rise to his challenge. 

Seizing his manhood in one hand he pushed it up against my labia allowing my juices to cover it thusly. He teased by batting around my inner lips and stroking up and down the length of me. My clit was hard, like a little stud, and shocks of pleasure zipped through me as he knocked it. "Puh-lea-ea-ease." I cried a long, drawn out plea.

With that he thrust inside of me almost instantly. My tiny pussy stretched and ached under the strain of his thickness. It stung and made me gasp with a small amount of pain. It was lucky I was so wet. Makoto wasn't discouraged though. He kept on thrusting wildly, breaking my hymen in seconds. As my cherry popped I cried out once more but the repetitive motion had sort of numbed me.

Makoto moved fast. Resting his hands on my upturned ass I felt him kiss and bite at the cheeks. He sucked at my skin which prickled with his touch. Pounding into me, we were both moaning in time, he made me feel full inside - which I loved. I wished I could feel that way all the time. 

He dug his nails into my skin and I knew he was close. He was either a virgin or had very little experience because he wasn't lasting all that long. But I didn't care. The sooner round one was over, round two could begin. "Oh yes master. Plunge into Aiko's soft centre...fill me with your delicious milk please." I prayed. His cock slid in and out of my pussy with much friction. I was beginning to feel tingly and warm.

"Aiko...Is it okay...I can't..." Makoto struggled to speak. He was asking if he could come inside me. Oh gosh yes! I was gagging for his juicy cream to flow inside my pussy. I manoeuvred so I was facing him. I could see his brow furrowed in concentration. He kept gasping and closing his eyes with the loss of control. 

Makoto leant forward and grabbed my breasts quite hard. He squeezed my nipples between his fingers before suckling on them over and over. My eyes shut as I started breathing heavily. My no-longer virgin pussy felt like it was squeezing and snatching up Makoto's cock. I felt strange sensations all the way up into my stomach. Makoto was stabbing into me rapidly now. With every thrust he cussed under his breath: "Fuck...oh fuck yes. Shit – Ooh my god. Fuck!"


"I'm gonna come." He whispered into my ear. His hips bashed against my own so violently that the painful feeling was barely overshadowed by the enormous pleasure of feeling him blow his load inside me. I felt my pussy contract. My entire body went as stiff as Makoto's cock. A rippling tingle flowed throughout my body causing me to go rigid. I stifled the loudest moan I'd ever screamed. Makoto himself groaned so loudly I thought the world would crash down around us. Then, he slowed down, letting his manhood rest in my slippery lips before rolling over and lying next to me. I looked over at the man I'd called master to see his face relax and his chest heave from exhaustion.