 He was patiently standing in line, enjoying the view of the scantily clad young woman in front of him. She was unusually short and quite thin. Although he knew her to be a graduate student, she had the appearance of no more than the most popular fantasy of the junior varsity football team, barely beyond puberty.

Her long, blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and the two-sizes-too-small crop top not only presented a well-toned, well-tanned mid-section, but a pair of well-formed breasts. Her jeans were riddled with gaping, strategically placed holes, revealing black hosiery beneath. All of this stylish beauty was accented nicely with silver jewelry about her neck, wrist, fingers, and ears and, of course, her navel. Yes, she would do quite nicely.

Biding his time to ensure that everyone around was positioned adequately, he started his routine. His mind focused inward, his muscles relaxed, and all of the familiar sensations began to overtake him as he accelerated himself into hypertime. The anticipation of the intense tingle was the product of a near addiction, as the onslaught of endorphins and adrenaline invaded his body. Fortunately, he had learned to deal with the pain and nausea, knowing that they would pass quickly. During the final stage of his transition, his vision was restored.

Once again, time had been cheated.

Everyone and everything around him seemed to be frozen in time, as if he had pressed the pause button on reality. In actuality, time for them continued to pass by, but at a rate that was on a scale several magnitudes below that for him. He, however, was free to move about, virtually undetectable.

After a quick check of the area around him, he laboriously removed his clothing, watch and rings. To take them with was too taxing. Besides, he was not going far, and he certainly didn't need them for this excursion. As he undressed and stepped away from the spot where he had been standing, his belongings eerily resumed the physical form and location that they had been in prior to his transition to hypertime, leaving a shell were he had just stood. That is a characteristic of hypertime: inanimate objects strive to remain in their realtime position.

In hypertime, the laws of physics still apply, but the way they are perceived is skewed. Light is still the fastest entity in the universe, but he needed to learn how to see all over again. Sound waves travel too slowly to be of any use.

He approached the young woman from behind. Carefully, he reached around her and caressed the exposed skin of her midriff, which was soft to the touch. As he was reaching, his face nuzzled into her neck, where he took in her pleasant scent. (Smell is still a useful sense in hypertime.)

Slowly, he moved his hands upward, sliding them under her tight-fitting top. As his fingers proceeded, he felt the additional pressure of the material, and her breasts, resisting displacement. He caressed the underside of her tits, then moved furtively toward the nipples.

Upon reaching them, he grasped them gently between his thumb and finger and commenced a delicate rolling motion. His hands fully engulfed her breasts, massaging and squeezing. Before much of this occurred, his cock had attained a throbbing, fully erect status.

As enjoyable as it was, he managed to pull one hand away so as to tend to another area of interest. Moving downward in a fluent motion, he guided his fingers inside the waistband of her jeans. He quickly determined that her hosiery consisted of stockings, not pantyhose, and that she wore no undergarment whatsoever. This aroused him further.

Soon he had also discovered that she was clean-shaven. Gently, he probed a finger into the delicate slit of her pussy and located her clit. Certainly, she was not anticipating sexual activity, and her relatively dry condition was to be expected. He decided that he would properly prepare her.

After several hyperminutes of play, he withdrew his hands from beneath her garments and unfastened the snap and zipper of her jeans. Pulling the flaps aside with his thumbs, he peeled her pants downward, overcoming resistance as they tried to maintain their original position. When the jeans cleared the bottom of her cheeks, he moved forward and pressed his dick against the crack of her ass.

With a slight rocking of his hips, he slowly began to ease the head of his dick toward her pussy, lubricating her tight crevice with pre-cum as he went. This skinny wench would probably be tight under normal circumstances, but in hypertime, she gave an incredibly snug sensation.

Once he had progressed past her anus to the fringes of her pussy, he grabbed the top of her jeans just below one of her luscious ass cheeks, reached up with the other hand, and, taking hold at the base of her ponytail, forcibly bent her forward at the waist. This allowed him to rub himself farther along her pussy. He traveled the entire length of her slit several times, each pass becoming slipperier.

Although tempted to penetrate her right then and there, he withdrew, releasing her completely. She and her jeans commenced returning to their desired state. As her body righted itself, her jeans crept upward, swallowing her hips and restoring the fasteners. Even her hair straightened itself out.

He returned to the shell of clothing that he had left and began the process of getting back inside. Once that had been accomplished, he let his clothes guide him back to the exact position he had been in when hypertime had been invoked. It is important to return from hypertime with exactly the same conditions as when entering.

After successfully willing himself back to realtime, he carefully observed the woman he had just nurtured. (It is usually amusing to watch their reaction when they suddenly find themselves entering a state of instant arousal.) Her face became flushed, her eyebrows were raised, and a somewhat curious smile appeared. Good, she liked it. That meant that she would become sexually aroused, providing full lubrication and a natural swelling of the pussy and nipples. Next, he just needed to judge how long before she was ready.

He continued to watch, wondering what her thought process was: trying to figure out why she is suddenly aroused and why her ass is all lubed up. By studying her face, he could soon tell that she was recovering from her distraction into precipitous eroticism.

The time was right to finish his excursion with her. He re-entered hypertime, shed his inanimates, and moved into position, this time in front of her.

He slid his thumbs under her top and pried it up, revealing her breasts. His hands continued upward to grip her shoulders, exposing her entire chest. Dropping to his knees, he pulled her forward and down slightly so that her breasts hung invitingly above his face.

They were gorgeous. Perfect orbs of womanhood presented for his pleasure. Her areoles were about the size of a half-dollar and had a nice pinkish hue. Their position on each breast was ideal, and erect nipples protruded nicely from the center. They were begging to be consumed.

And consume he did. He started by slowly tracing his tongue along the outline of an areola, spiraling inward until he reached the nipple. After flicking his tongue across the nipple a few times, he switched to the other breast, where the entire scenario was replayed. Each breast was tended to several times before he was ready to move on.

He released her and allowed her to return to an upright position. While remaining on his knees, he reached for her jeans and once again unfastened them. This time he peeled them down farther, past her thighs, then calves, all the way down to her ankles. One at a time, he lifted each foot and removed the jeans completely. Standing back, he appreciated the sensuous image, her bottom nude but for the pair of black sheer stockings covering her shapely legs.

Taking another step back, he held out her jeans before him and released them. Instead of dropping to the floor, as they would in realtime, they migrated toward her body, attempting to return to their original position. When they reached her, they formed themselves around the front of her legs, pressing onto her body, getting as close to their destination as they could.

In the mean time, he moved around behind her and started to garner his options on how to approach that luscious ass. He wanted it all. To caress it with his hands, stroke the smooth skin from one side to the other. Gently squeeze and knead each cheek, then work his thumbs between them to expose her cute pucker.

So he proceeded to do exactly that, continuing from there by burying his face in her backside, reaching in as far as he could with his tongue, tasting the ample juices that had formed at the base of her pussy, his reward for taking the time to allow her to be properly aroused. He sampled what he could, then knew that he would need to bend her over for better access.

To accomplish that, he reached up along her sides and grasped her by the wrist of each arm. He pulled downward, bending her at the waist, until she was just about doubled over, which resulted in her ass protruding nicely, and providing full access to her pussy.

As he stood, he twisted her wrists inward, causing her elbows to lock, and raised her hands high up and over her back. From this folded position, she was quite accessible from behind. He stepped in and placed the head of his dick at her pussy. With a few exploratory nudges, he was comfortably positioned at the entrance.

She was as snug as he had anticipated, making it almost difficult to enter, yet providing that desirable sensation of tightness. As he pushed in, a little at a time, she pushed back, due to the physical laws of hypertime that demanded it. This same phenomenon also caused the walls of her pussy to close in on him, resisting any effort to penetrate. 

The resistance, that's what it's all about: that feeling of soft, wet, all-around pressure that a man strives to have on his dick. And the feeling of conquest within his entire being, satisfying some primitive urge as she resists him, perhaps taking something he's not supposed to have.

Once completely inside of her, he stroked in and out several times, building toward the pinnacle of the experience where every bit of his essence is focused. Each time he withdrew, it felt as thought she was gripping him in an attempt to keep him in. Each time he re-entered, it seemed as though he was violating her for the first time.

As he continued, he increased his pace, eventually reaching a point where he was slamming against her ass, driving deep into her. Involuntarily, her reaction was to bounce off him, only to be pulled sharply back by physics of hypertime. This was his favorite combination of sensations: tight, deep and firm. It usually doesn't take much of this for him to approach climax.

Instead of filling her womb with his seed, however, he pulled out and realigned for the final stage of his encounter. The grip on her wrists was repositioned to the inside of her elbows and he allowed her upper torso to rise until her head was level with her ass. Next, he guided his dick so that it nestled onto the pucker of her assbud.

With a rhythmic tugging on her arms, he began to bounce her backwards, eventually impaling her completely onto his anxiously awaiting dick. Long, slow thrusts ensued, providing an ultimate pleasure that he succumbed to all too soon. Her bowels received the entire content that had been building up during the encounter.

Once total satisfaction had been achieved, he withdrew and released his hold on her. Her body righted itself, and then he assisted her jeans in returning properly to their original position on her body. Very quickly, she was back where she started, as if nothing had happened.

He silently thanked her, kissed her on the cheek, and returned to his own initial position in line behind her. An amused smirk appeared on his face as he thought about how she'll wonder why her ass is sore, and why the hell there's white goo seeping from it.