 Well, this was supposed to be a short chapter, but there's too much plot that needs advancing. Events from Chapters 3, 10 and 23 are referenced here, but I tried to make it easy to follow. Main sex scene's at the end of the chapter. 

-=-=-=-=-=-=- 

Tatiana 'Tanya' Vittori 

The Cinder Vale 

4th of Dawn's Light, 1283 D.f. 

-=-=-=-=-=-=- 

"Well, go on! Jump!" 

Tanya anxiously looked over the cliff that she and Casiama now stood upon. The forest far below was only a sea of colors from here, and the pool Casiama wanted her to aim for wasn't much larger than her thumbnail. Her shaking foot accidentally pushed a stone over the side; she couldn't see where it landed, or if it didn't obliterate into a thousand pieces when it did, but she certainly stepped away from the edge. 

"I'm scared!" Tanya cried, covering her face from the billowing winds. This was not what she had in mind when Casiama asked her on a date today! 

To Tanya's right was a solid wall of red stone, a piece of the Cinder mountain range, and to her left was the town of Cindervale sitting imperturbably by the bay, a decent place where no one decided to climb up cliffs only to jump from them; about two miles away and four-hundred feet down, that is. A rush of warm air suddenly blasted up from the forest below, and she backed further away. 

"You will be safe! Trust me!" 

And what did she mean by 'safe'?! There was no way one could jump from such a height into such a small pool and come out intact! And a quick perusal of Casiama's mind showed she meant no harm, and that's fine, but an insane soul isn't aware of the trials they bring to others! 

"I'm still scared!" was all Tanya could say, shaking her head as she stepped even further away from the side. 

Casiama placed her hand on Tanya's shoulder as she walked past her, all the way to the very precipice of insanity. She then twirled about, grinning ear-to-pointed-ear, and brought out her hands as if she were being crucified. 

"Then I will go first," Casiama said with her hair and skirts aflutter. 

And she did. Like the most graceful bird - or mayhaps a soul tired of life - the elf then flipped away from the cliff with eyes shut, disappearing over the edge a second later. Tanya rushed forward in a panic and looked out over the side, watching Casiama as she spun through the air with only a look of excitement evident on her face. Her visage grew smaller, smaller, until she was hardly anything but a speck of white on a rainbow canvas - then the wind came. 

And it came on so harrowing that Tanya gasped for breath and hastily retreated from the cliff side. It was the strongest gust of wind she'd ever felt in her life, and it stung like daggers as it buffetted against her uncovered face. She brought up an arm to ward the worst of it away, and let out a stressful sigh once it'd dissipated but a few seconds later. 

Tanya returned to the overlook, where she spied that tiny speck of an elf - now a naked tan rather than the whimsical white she had just been - swimming towards the edge of the waterfall's pool. Tanya glanced towards the trail behind her, towards the route they had taken to get here... and sighed again. 

Sometimes it was better to just have faith, especially when dealing with the gods. She returned to the cliff with eyes clenched shut, taking a deep breath before the plunge. Rather than spin, twirl or jump, Tanya merely walked off the side, fighting the overwhelming urge to turn back when she felt no ground underfoot. With a gentle hop, she lept from the safety of the cliff. 

And it was madness. Tanya saw her entire life race past her as the air around her raced faster; all the places she'd been, all the places she'd wanted to go, Talos, Alanna, her babe, the endless, endless worlds of the abyss - and love! So much love! 

Then she was nothing. She was merely a silly soul flying, nay, falling through the sky, her terror now awash with weightlessness, her fear overcome by freedom. The choice between life and death had been stolen from her by the gods themselves, and her fate was now in their safekeeping. Looking back on it, it was a shame Tanya couldn't clearly think during this time of personal transcendence. People traveled their entire lives to earn the same independence that she had gained by simply just jumping into the sky. It was blissful, it was divine, it was unworldly - then the wind came. 

And it came on so cherished that Tanya gasped for joy when it billowed against her without warning. The uncovered parts of her neck and legs stung with a thousand thousand needle points, but that was not what phased her - it was the noise. That overwhelming cacophony of air, crushing her from all sides but most notably against her back, shielding her from the world around her in an impervious cocoon of sound. And just when she thought she could never feel safer, the wind died off again. Her heart plunged as did she, for all of five feet or so until she splashed into the pool beneath her. 

A naked and giggling Casiama met her eyes when she reemerged from those warm waters. Tanya swam towards her, grinning, unable to keep her excitement at bay. 

"That was amazing!" she exclaimed as she rose from the pool. Her dress, her boots, her everything was soaked through, and weighed her down quite heavily when she found her feet. Casiama skipped towards her, her breasts bouncing so weightlessly in the cool air, and wrapped her arms around her tightly. Tanya's clothes were then dispelled from the world in a flash of light, leaving her just as naked as she. 

"I knew you would enjoy it," Casiama softly declared, nuzzling against Tanya's cheek. Tanya embraced the elf as the wind swirled around them, kissing them with just enough warmth to dry their skin. 

"I did! Only, I did not know that's what you meant when you mentioned 'skydiving' earlier," Tanya grinned. Casiama giggled so sweetly. The two girls then sat down beside the pool with fingers laced, facing the gentle waterfall streaming down from the mountain. 

It was strange. Casiama, the Goddess-Queen of her own small realm, had taken great strides in the past week to bond with Tanya. Time that should have normally been slated for rest, or perhaps spent with her lover, were instead devoted to her. Mind you, they were chaste dates; like watching a sunrise from atop a mountain, or singing together in the forests, or gazing upon a thunderstorm far out at sea; but Tanya was one to appreciate these moments just as much as those between the sheets. More so, in fact, if she was being honest with herself. She now felt a great connection with Casiama, and they hadn't even done anything sexual since Tanya's first night in Cindervale. 

"May I ask you something?" 

"Of course, Cass. Anything," Tanya murmured and smiled. 

"I am going to Tor Asuria for supper tomorrow eve, and I would like you to come with. Alanna too, if you wish it. It is time for my compatriots to see that there are good humans, just as there are good of us." 

She was inviting her specifically; to prove a point to her comrades, sure, but it still made Tanya flush with pride. "Yes, I would be honored to. But, what of Talos?" 

Casiama laughed. "I think a babe's steps are required here. Before I announce my intentions to marry a human, I will introduce you, the genius from Redstone and my good friend, to the Kings of Asuria and Cormina. Then will come the sledgehammer." 

Tanya couldn't help but blush. The way Casiama sprinkled compliments into every little conversation made being with her such a delight, even though her thought patterns seemed so alien to Tanya. She reminded herself to compliment Casiama similarly. 

"That sounds like a wise decision, my Queen. I will do anything you ask of me." 

Subservience was what Casiama wanted; with subservience came trust, and with trust came all the good things of the world. Tanya could easily be submissive to a Goddess-Queen, especially one so fair as she. 

Pleased by the answer, Casiama gracefully lifted one lithe leg and spun to straddle Tanya, pushing her back into the grass. Tanya grinned as she gazed up into those narrow, piercing green eyes of hers. 

"Then it is settled," the elf giggled joyously, "you shall be my date for tomorrow as well. Alanna may come with us, but when we are in the company of others you are mine and mine alone. Understood?" 

"Yes. I am yours, Cass," Tanya whispered to her, repeating the obvious. Hells, Casiama could collar her and parade her around as a pet if she wanted to, or force her to sate visiting dignitaries, or... 

Alanna! Stop it! 

Tanya tried to shake Alanna's lustful thoughts away, but they were as inevitable as they were many. Casiama was right there, warmly gazing into her eyes, appearing just as sweet and captivating as ever. Naked. Running her soft, delicate hands over Tanya's shoulders, caressing her breasts, tickling her waist... 

She then seductively crawled down Tanya's nude form, never averting eye contact even as she parted Tanya's thighs. Casiama gave Tanya a lewd smile before her mouth disappeared between her legs, her plump red lips sensually sheathing her clit. 

Tanya, once again, almost couldn't believe it. Was it something she said? Was it simple causation? Be naked, get eaten?! 

"Ohh," she softly moaned, squeezing her thighs around Casiama's face. 

It didn't matter. The beautiful goddess had judged Tanya worthy of her oral ministrations once again, that's what mattered! She leaned back and arched her knees as she succumbed to the elf's deft tongue, and oh was it magical. Tanya's lust had gone from a trot to a full-on gallop in a single moment, and there was no way for her to keep her eyes open as the elf sucked and licked her pearl. 

Casiama then slid her hands under Tanya's ass, lifting her a few inches from the ground for better access to her pussy. She pushed her tongue between Tanya's folds, nimbly exploring her womanhood for a time all while she hummed on her button. 

"Ah, ah, Cass!" Tanya breathlessly cried. 

And the goddess only needed her tongue and lips to drive Tanya to the edge. She sucked on her fervently, caressed her diligently, and soon Tanya was bucking wildly against her mouth, crying Casiama's name to the sky and to the trees around them. 

The only unfortunate part of the ordeal was how quickly it all ended. Tanya came, hard, all over Casiama's face with a delightful spasm, prompting the elf to unceremoniously lift her mouth from Tanya's cunt and mount her once again. She placed a soft hand on Tanya's shoulder. 

"Old clothes or new?" Casiama smirked, wiping her mouth with her wrist. 

"Uh, new," Tanya exhaled with bated breath. Casiama lifted herself an inch from Tanya, shut her eyes, and conjured up clothes for the both of them. The elf had clothed herself in light regal attire, whilst Tanya was now wearing a beautiful white dress with a knee-high hem, and a pair of plush white fur boots. 

The goddess looked Tanya over for a moment then rolled off of her, laying in the grass beside her. "It is so marvelous that my clothes fit you. You are the first that shares my virginal waistline," she giggled. 

Performed by magics rather than nature, Tanya mused. She still took the compliment. "Thank you, my Queen. And um, thanks for-" 

"Do not thank me for that," the elf swiftly interjected. "What I do for you in private is a gift, even if it is enjoyable for the both of us. I do not want it to define our friendship." 

"I-I had no intention to!" Tanya pouted. "Only to um, perhaps return the favor?" 

Casiama rolled away from her, gracefully twisting to her feet. "Perhaps on our next date. For now, I really must attend court," she replied with an unenthusiastic groan. "Care to come with?" 

Tanya rolled to her side to meet her gaze, and whispered, "if you want." 

"I would rather spare you from the tedium," Casiama giggled, brushing her skirts free of dust. She then offered a hand to Tanya to help pull her to her own feet, and embraced her once she had risen. 

"Consider me spared," Tanya smiled. "I will keep myself busy until supper." 

-=-=- 

It soon dawned on Tanya that keeping herself occupied would be more challenging than anticipated. By now she'd finished all the books she'd brought with her that she wanted to read, her piano was thousands of miles away in Redstone, and there was little chance of finding the absolute silence she required to astrally project. 

So, with nothing else to do, she decided to meander through the colorful glades of the Vale while following Talos' string. She first thought of bothering Alanna instead, but the enchantress was currently studying her abjuration magics in the palace gardens - a pursuit she'd taken up with open arms ever since their merge - and Tanya would never disrupt such willful erudition. 

She spotted her man about a half-hour later. Talos was unarmed and unarmored, walking alone through the trees towards Faranya's isolated cottage, established far away from the rest of the town. This in of itself wasn't very much of a surprise; he had been spending more and more time with Faranya of late, ofttimes on their lonesome. 

Curious of Talos' intentions, Tanya decided to follow him rather than give her presence away, so she muffled her footsteps and obscured her entire visage with illusion magics. She even cast a proxy of perception in Talos' direction, which took the form of a jaunty hummingbird flapping and dancing through the branches above his head. Through the bird, Tanya would be able to see and hear Talos' conversation as though she were there herself. 

Was it creepy to spy? Maybe a little, if she were being honest with herself. But Tanya was both Talos' sorceress and his betrothed, so he couldn't possibly be mad at her. She hid herself behind a tree when Talos reached Faranya's abode. 

Talos rapped his knuckles against the door, and the blonde elf greeted him but a moment later, wearing a tiny green dress that Talos quite appreciated, judging from the greed in his gaze. 

"Well, this is quite a surprise," Faranya grinned, leaning against the door frame. "I figured you would be avoiding me after yesternight." 

"You thought a simple no would keep me away?" Talos smirked, stepping past Faranya to enter her home without ask. She shut the door behind him. 

Tanya frowned. She wouldn't be able to overhear their conversation if they decided to remain indoors, unless... unless she could find a way inside. She pondered the possibilities. Teleportation was possible but noisy, and her illusions would be disabled through the move. Her proxy could be urged through the window, but a lone hummingbird deciding to drop by for a visit would be terribly obvious. 

Wait! The cottage wasn't warded. She needn't bother with illusions, proxies, or delusions of silent teleportation! She could simply read Talos' mind if his shield were to drop, and dropping Talos' shield was a simple matter. Tanya whispered a single word into a balled fist, and tossed it through the window using an elementary projection spell. 

Blossom. Talos blinked the random thought away. 

"Yuck Talos, you reek of ladyhood," Faranya chided him with a hand on her hip. Talos countered her with a smug grin, which was countered in turn with a burst of pollen conjured from Faranya's fingertips. 

Talos sneezed, smelling remarkably like a field of sunflowers on the other side. He wiped his nose. 

"Neat," he said casually. "Care for a walk outside today, Faranya? I've been told all about your hidden grove." 

"Alone?" Faranya inquired with a curious twitch of her ears. Talos could only guess why that detail was relevant, but he nodded. "Sure. Let me get changed," she smiled. 

Talos leaned against the wall and crossed his arms, watching Faranya for a time as she lifted her dress over her head and strut over to her wardrobe at the far side of the room. Now naked but for a pair of white cloth panties, she then rummaged through her clothes with quite the eye-catching enthusiasm and jiggling of assets. Talos, to his credit, eventually glanced away from that distracting sight, instead pretending to study the many flowerpots hanging from the rafters. 

"Um, Talos?" Faranya piped up a minute later. He glanced her way, finding a still-naked beauty of an elf holding up two dresses. 

"Left hand," he muttered, clearing his throat. Faranya looked to his chosen garment and smiled, tossing the other aside. 

The garment Talos had decided upon in that brief moment was a longer dress slitted on one side, with a single shoulder strap held in place by a silver brooch shaped like a leaf. He only realized after Faranya had put on the dress that the slit was so wide as to show off the entirety of one leg, and that the dress itself was tight enough to hug every one of her curves, making it exceptionally distracting. Otherwise, Faranya left her feet bare and her body free of jewelry; a stark contrast when compared to Casiama's usual grandiose attire. 

Tanya, meanwhile, thought Faranya a harlot of epic proportions. Faranya and Talos left the cottage shortly thereafter, strolling together under the colorful canopy of leaves towards a nearby hillock. 

"My answer's still no," Faranya said as they walked. Talos glanced over his shoulder. 

"Wait on. We're being tailed. One of Cass' handmaidens, if I saw her right." 

"Ah. That explains your desire to be outside, and for our actions to be made visible," she smirked. 

"Mm." The pair then went quiet for a time, the elf putting her ears to the wind in an attempt to verify his claim. 

"I do not sense her," she murmured a minute later. 

"She's very good," Talos whispered. "You uh, wouldn't have a spell to keep our conversation private, would you?" 

"I do. A moment." 

Faranya shut her eyes, humming so softly as to be near-imperceptible. Talos didn't notice anything for a moment or three; until a swarm of torchbugs descended upon them, that is, converging around them to create a perfect sphere. Their glow was barely visible in the daylight, and they made no noise. 

It's also a useless gesture, Tanya thought. A muffling spell did nothing for their privacy when Talos was already enchanted. 

"That should do it," Faranya sighed, scanning the trees around them. "We're here. It is... a more special place at night." 

Talos looked about the colorful glade they now occupied. It appeared similar to most of the Vale at first glance, though the trees here were taller, and were spun into all manner of interesting shape. Two oak trees curved into one another to form a natural arch for example, and a single nearby birch had been twisted around from base to tip like a giant corkscrew. 

"It's beautiful," he told her truthfully. 

"Thank you," she smiled. Talos walked a bit further into the grove, finding a spot on the ground where flowers of ever-bloom weren't growing. He then unclasped his cloak and laid it atop the grass, giving the two of them just enough room to lie down and admire the trees above them. 

"Why's it still a 'no', Faranya?" he asked of her, bringing the conversation back. "It's your crown. You've every right to return to your people and assume it, if what you said to me back on Dun Aysla is true." 

"It is true, but..." she sniffled, "but I am barren, Talos. I am a sorceress. To return to my people and usurp the crown from my brother - an elf with a working cock who can fertilize all the maids he wants - would be a great dishonor. It... would be embarrassing. To my people, to elvendom, but most of all to me. I do not want that crown, Talos. I would rather remain here instead, in the shadow of another." 
