 "All characters participating in sexual activity are age 18 or older."

[Opening Theme: "Violet Skies" by In This Moment]

EPISODE 2:

"The Radical Aerial Battle!

She's Way More Experienced!"

Matt thought he'd been obsessed with Cheer Raider before, but it was on a whole other level now. Ever since that night, he couldn't get her out of his head. It was very distracting, especially during class. It was close to the end of the class period before lunch, and most of his classmates were thinking about food. He was thinking about that soft, wet, tight pussy sliding up and down his cock. Pretty much only one thing could pull his attention away from sex, and suddenly there it was. Another monster had appeared in town. Not a good time for that. He raised his hand and acquired permission to leave early to use the bathroom. He grabbed his books and hurried from the room.

After stashing his things in his locker, he made his way to the rear entrance of the school, back where the trash dumpsters were. Not much activity there at this time of day. He burst out the door. Somebody else was there after all. She gasped and turned towards him, then look of panic on her face softened. "Oh, it's only you."

"Jennifer," he said, almost not recognizing her in normal clothes, and with her wavy hair flowing free. "Matt. I'm Matt. Peterson. So, another one, right?" he stammered.

"Yeah. Lucky us," she said. Then she called out, "Gimme a V! I! C! T! O! R! Y! What's that spell? Victory!" On the final word she thrust her fist into the air. A gold bracelet on her wrist burst apart into a mass of golden sparkles which swirled around her body. Matt could no longer see her inside the cloud of sparkles as it lifted off the ground. When it brought her back down and faded away, she was wearing her Cheer Raider uniform. The process had even braided her hair.

"Wow! Awesome transformation!" Matt said. "Oh, wait, I have something for you. Put this in your helmet, it's a comm unit that SABRE Panther's repair nanites made. So we can talk to each other during battles." She removed her helmet, installed the small device that he had fished out of his pocket and handed to her, and put it back on. Matt got busy affixing another device to the underside of the dumpster.

"What's that one?" she asked.

"A dimensional fold beacon. It turns out I can teleport into the cockpit from anywhere within range, but I can only teleport back out to places I've planted a target," he explained.

"Ah. Mine takes me to where the monster is, and then back where I started. Okay. See you there!" she said, and took off at a run, dove forward with a half turn into several backflips that ended in an aerial longitudinal spin, then vanished in midair.

"Oh, cool teleport," said Matt. "My turn. Emergency pilot retrieval, dimensional fold, activate!" With a burst of light, he too was gone.

- - -

Jennifer landed in the town park. Mothers and small children were running away screaming as a creature terrorized them from the air, shooting at the park benches and playground equipment. Though the rest of it had the familiar insectoid body type, it flew on flapping bat-like wings that extended wide from its arms, rather than buzzing bug wings. "Testing testing, one two. I'm up and on my way to you," Matt said in her ear.

"Yeah, I can hear you. I'm here. We've got a flying bugger, it's up there shooting red beams out of its eyes, I think."

"Eyelasers! Fucking sweet!" Matt said. "Wait, no, no, that's bad. When the monster has eyelasers, it's bad."

Jennifer shook her head and called forth her pom-poms. "Fighting Spirit Fiery Burst!" she shouted, shooting a fireball up at the monster. It dodged it easily. She fired off another three. It dodged those too, spinning out of the way at the last moment each time. "He turns really fast. I don't think I can hit him. You can fly up there, right?"

"Hold on, I'm disengaging the cloak," Matt said, as Panther and his flying wing appeared out of thin air and landed gently in the park. Once released by the robot, the wing ascended again and took up a holding pattern overhead. "The hoverwing is just a transport, it's not maneuverable enough for battle, and Panther's arms are occupied just holding on. Check this out though. The shoulder cannons shoot bursts of anti-alpha particles. Actual antimatter helium nuclei. They blow shit up real good, even the air along the travel path, which is why you can see the shots." Panther's shoulder guns emerged and fired several shots at the creature, which dodged out of the way each time. This time, it returned fire, blasting Panther's armor and knocking him back a couple of steps.

"Okay, I see what you mean," said Matt. He leaned down and ripped a park trash can from its concrete mount. "Let's try both of us together." He threw the trash can into the sky towards the monster, then opened fire.

Jennifer shot off more fireballs, "Fighting Spirit Fiery Burst!" The creature evaded everything, even the trash can, then shot its beams down towards Jennifer, who just barely jumped out of the way.

"Shit. It's anticipating everything," Matt said. "Straight shots from the shoulder cannons and the fighting spirit fiery burst, the ballistic trajectory of the trash can too. What we really need is a guided missile. Something that can adjust its trajectory in mid-flight. Hmmm. Wait. I have a radical idea."

"What the hell does that mean? It that good or bad?" Jennifer asked.

"It's, uh, kind of a so crazy it just might work kind of thing. You... might not like it."

She sighed. "Tell me."

"I think you can use the roar of the crowd scorching sonic blast like a rocket exhaust to change direction and catch that thing off guard. But to get close enough to the creature, I'm going to have to throw you."

"Throw me?" She sighed again. "That's your only idea?"

"Given short notice and what we have on hand, yes."

"Goddammit. Fine. Do it." Matt lowered Panther's hand to the ground, and Jennifer stepped on. He stood up, and carefully pulled his arm back into pitching position. "Time to be aggressive. B, E, aggressive," she said, but more nervous than enthusiastic, and then called forth the megaphone.

"Ready?" he asked.

"Okay!" Jennifer responded out of sheer habit. He launched her into the air. The speed and rushing wind was exhilarating, but it was spoiled by the creature she was rapidly approaching. She saw it turn away swiftly. She carefully aimed the megaphone and shouted "Roar of the Crowd Scorching Sonic Blast!" Without her feet planted firmly on the ground, it indeed propelled her backwards. She twisted around to lead with her feet, and hit the creature square in the middle of its body. The momentum carried both of them straight down. "Holy shit, it worked!" she said.

"Great hit! Give him some more, quickly!" Matt urged.

Jennifer wasted no time. "Pom-poms! Pom-pom Flaming Punch!" The poms blazed into fireballs in her hands and she pounded them into the creature's back over and over.

"You're gonna crash! Kick off! Kick off!" Matt warned urgently.

Jennifer crouched low on the monster's back, and shouted one final, "Fighting Spirit Fiery Burst!" She jumped away as the large fireball blasted out beneath her. She was still falling, though.

"Shit, shit, what the hell was I thinking, I suck at catching anything, shit!" Matt said while running along Jennifer's trajectory, looking up over his shoulder at her approaching form. He heard the creature slam into the ground some distance behind him. He turned and fell back, coming down right onto the park's supply shed with Panther's hands clutched against his chest. He opened them slowly.

"I'm never letting you talk me into anything ever again," Jennifer said wearily, emerging from underneath them.

"Oh thank God," Matt said, relief clear in his voice.

Jennifer jumped down and jogged over to the monster. It was trying to get up but was in no shape to do so. She put it out of its misery with the megaphone and a "Roar of the Crowd Scorching Sonic Blast!" They got back to school in time to be late for the first class period after lunch.

- - -

Matt rode his bike into the driveway at Jennifer's house. "Are you free tonight?" the text message on his phone had asked. When he answered in the affirmative, Jennifer sent him her address and told him to get his ass over there when he could. He went right after dinner.

She opened the front door. "Hey. I'm here. So, what's up?" Matt asked.

"Finishing what I started," Jennifer said. She took him by the hand and led him into her bedroom. It looked about like what a high school girl's bedroom should look like, he supposed. She closed the door, then pulled him over to her bed and sat down with him. "Now this time, when I stick my tongue in your mouth, do something about it." He got the same helpless deer in the headlights expression he'd had the first time she kissed him. "Jesus, just relax, would you? Relax." He nodded.

She pulled him to her and pressed her open mouth to his. He slowly started to get it. "Mmmm, that's right. Now yours into mine," she encouraged. He did as instructed, still a bit clumsy, but catching on quickly.

"How do I know how much, um, tongue action to do?" he asked timidly.

"Let the girl set the pace. You should lead a little, but don't get too far ahead of her responses," she instructed, and then resumed demonstrating. They moaned softly into each other's mouths as their tongues played against each other. She took his hand and pulled it to her breast, which he gently squeezed. "Mmm, shit, you're a fast learner. I think I'll skip us ahead a bit." She removed her shirt and bra and leaned back on her arms. Matt's hazel eyes went wide. "Go on, you don't have to wait for permission at this point," she said.

He reached out with both hands, took a breast in each one, and started fondling them. Jennifer dropped down all the way onto her back and relaxed while Matt explored. He leaned in and ran his tongue across her right nipple, twice, then planted his lips on it and sucked gently. He switched to the left side and did the same thing. "Mmm, yesss," said Jennifer. "You can squeeze a little harder with me. Listen to her moans, keep an eye on her face if you can, anything that she likes, do more of it. If you're getting too rough for her, back off a little. Oooohh, yeah, suck those titties."

She let him enjoy her tits for several minutes, then she gently pulled him forwards and kissed him again. When she broke the kiss, she said, "Time to take your clothes off." He nodded and did so while she finished removing hers. He stared at her body, which was lean and athletic, with curves in all the right places. His cock was of course as hard as could be. It wasn't overly large, more average size really, but Jennifer already knew it worked just fine. She lay down on the bed and waited for him to do the same, then she moved to his cock. "Let me relieve that for you so you'll last longer later. This time you can be as loud as you want," she said, and then took the entire length into her mouth.

"Oh, shit!" Matt exclaimed, and then moaned. He moaned louder as her tongue wound around the head of his penis. He looked down at her and saw that she was looking back up at him with her blue eyes while moving her lips up and down his shaft, which her tongue working magic behind them. "Oh fuck I'm cumming!" he said, and grunted loudly with each shot of jism that he released into her mouth. She slid her mouth up and off his cock, swallowed with an exaggerated motion, and smiled.

"Now your turn to go down on me," she said, lying down on her back and spreading her legs open. He nodded eagerly and moved into position. "You know what the clit is?" she asked.

"Um, it's the most sensitive part, kind of up near the top inside the lips?" he replied.

"That's right. You can do what you want down there but always give the most attention to the clit. Sometimes you want to keep the foreplay going and start slow, tease her thighs for a while and such, but I am ready to go right now, so you can go ahead straight to it." He ran his fingers over her shaved pussy, examining the folds of her sex. He found her clit and massaged it with his finger, then felt down between her lips to the opening of her vagina, and slowly pushed two fingers inside her. She was very wet, so they slipped in easily. He opened his mouth, stuck out his tongue, and dove in. Then he paused briefly to toss his glasses aside, as they were getting in the way.

He was sloppy at first, licking up and down haphazardly, trying to get his tongue everywhere in and around her pussy, but then he moved it upwards and focused on her clit. He licked and sucked on her tiny pleasure button and finger fucked her while she moaned loudly. "Fuuuck yes, right there, you've got it. Aaaahhh. Don't just move your fingers in and out like a cock. Feel around inside me, use some pressure." He did as instructed and she moaned louder. He kept at it, enjoying himself and what he was doing to her. Her moans and cries built in a crescendo, until she yelled out in orgasm. He continued licking as she panted to get her breath back, but she pushed him away. "Mmmm, you're doing such a good job, but now I want your cock inside."

Matt nodded and moved upwards along her naked form, getting into position. "Um, should we be using a condom?" he asked.

Jennifer gave him a quick kiss and said, "You're sweet to ask, but I'm on birth control pills, so don't worry about that. Just push it in." He did so, slowly sliding his hard rod into her soft, wet tunnel. He started thrusting in and out, increasing speed as he gained confidence. They moaned in pleasure together, and Jennifer urged, "Yes, fuck me Matt, fuck me, oooohhhh."

"Fuuuck, your pussy feels so good," Matt responded.

"Wait, wait, let me change positions," Jennifer said. Matt reluctantly pulled away and she flipped over onto all fours. "You have to try out doggie style too." He sank his cock back deep inside her, took hold of her hips and started pounding way. "Ohhh God yes, harder, fuck me harder baby!" she moaned.

"I can't hold out much longer," Matt warned as he increased his speed.

"Yes, give it to me, give me your cum!" she yelled. He screamed as he spewed his load deep in her pussy. He slipped out of her as his cock returned to its resting state. She looked back at him over her shoulder, then spit into her hand. She rubbed it over her asshole, and even slid a finger inside. "Do you think you can get it back up one last time for my final hole?" she asked.

"Whoa," Matt said in surprise as his dick came back to life. "Uh, yeah, it looks like I can."

"Now remember, not all girls like ass play, and take it real slow with lots of lube with beginners. I'm not a beginner, so don't hold back." Matt spread her cheeks open and eased his cock into her rear entry. Once it was all the way inside, he started moving it in and out, rapidly picking up speed. "Aaahh, yeah, fuck that ass, yeeeess," she cried as he rammed her asshole. Without being told, he moved a hand around to her pussy and rubbed fiercely at her clit. She responded instantly, screaming louder and cumming moments later. She collapsed forwards onto the bed. Matt followed her example but then turned onto his side and pulled her up against him, with him spooning her from behind.

She moaned softly while snuggling against him. "So what did you call that robot of yours? Panther something?" she asked.

"SABRE Panther. It's an acronym for... um, never mind, it's corny," he replied.

"It can't be any worse than 'Cheer Raider'. Come on, you can tell me."

"Space Alien Battle Robot Exoframe."

"So it's from space?"

"Yeah," Matt said. "There was an interstellar war, somewhere in the galaxy, a long time ago. The names don't really translate, and Panther don't have any cultural information on his people, just tactical data concerning the war. So the enemy, they used these portals to travel, entire armies appearing from nowhere on a planet, in orbit, or in deep space. From where exactly, somewhere else in this galaxy, another universe entirely, was unknown.

"Panther was on a troop transport, one among hundreds of SABRE mechs and their SABRE pilots. It was attacked suddenly and destroyed in deep space. The mechs in their orbital drop pods were designed to survive planetary reentry, so they were thrown from the explosion intact. Well, Panther was, anyway. He drifted for decades, centuries maybe. Then he detected an enemy portal. The automatic systems determined that he should be wherever the fight is, so the pod retrorockets adjusted his course, and he crash landed in the woods outside town. In a normal planetfall, the pod is supposed to unfold and convert to the hoverwing before actually hitting ground, but that part isn't automated, it has to be done manually by the pilot, which he didn't have."

"So the monsters attacking town are the same as from this war?" Jennifer asked.

"Maybe. Or maybe it's another group that just invented the same type of portals. Anyway, I saw the pod as it came down, and when I got there I was automatically designated the unit's new SABRE pilot with a dose of neural interface nanites. Um, tiny machines that went into my brain so Panther can communicate with me," he explained.

"It talks to you? Is it alive?"

"Well, no, not really. The AI is kind of on the level of a smartphone's personal assistant. Responds to commands and questions, but no personality. And he doesn't say anything in words, he just inserts information into my brain. It's like suddenly remembering something even though I didn't actually know it before. It's very weird, especially the portal alert, which I had him set up after we fought that pyromaniac creature. I tried to get him to explain some of his tech to me, but it's all way over my head. Probably beyond anybody on Earth, really. The power core alone would revolutionize things if we could crack its secrets. The extra plasma it generates is even weaponized on the axe blade and claws. Really sweet stuff."

Silence fell between them, and Matt idly ran his hand over her breast. "Hey, can I ask you something?" he said.

"What is it?"

"I don't want to sound ungrateful, but why all of this? Without even really getting to know each other or anything."

She turned over to face him, and said, "When I started doing this hero thing, I made a decision not to deny myself anything. All the fun things that we might put off until later, or talk ourselves out of, because of what we do, we deserve to just do them and enjoy ourselves right now."

Matt nodded, then added, "Well thank you. For tonight and the other night too."

She smiled, gave him a quick kiss, and said, "You're a sweet guy. You're welcome."

"How did you find my house anyway?" he asked.

"Oh, that? I had Princess Sugarshine follow you."

"Sugarshine? Isn't that a character from that pony cartoon a few years back?"

"Right," Jennifer said, nodding. "My old plushie of her came to life, gave me my powers, and told me I had to save the Earth. Crazy, right?"

"Oh, so she's your magical girl familiar. Cool!" Matt said. "Where is she, can I meet her?"

"Sure. We mutually agreed that she not stay in here when I'm fucking my boyfriend or whomever, so she's in the guest bedroom across the hall. Put your clothes on," she said, while putting on her panties and an oversized t-shirt.

"Did you say 'boyfriend'?" asked Matt.

"Sure. He's on the football team," she said. Once Matt was decent, she opened the door and softly called, "Sugarshine, we're done, you can come back over now." At that, an eight inch stuffed alicorn flew into the room. She was pink, with pegasus wings and a unicorn horn. Her mane and tail were primarily yellow, with a few streaks of orange. On her haunch was an icon of a smiling sugar cube with a circle of yellow triangles around it like the rays of a cartoon sun. She spoke with the same high-pitched voice she'd had in the cartoon, saying, "It's Matt, right? Pleased to meet you!"
