 "All characters participating in sexual activity are age 18 or older."

[Opening Theme: "Violet Skies" by In This Moment]

EPISODE 3:

"Flashback! A Magical Girl is Born!

Two Guys at the Same Time?"

"Oh God! Yes, fuck me Wade, yes, oooohhh!" screamed Jennifer as her pussy was pounded from behind by the football player's rock hard dick.

"Yeah, take it babe, take it! I'm cumming! Aaaaahhh!" Wade yelled in return, as his jism unloaded into her. He pulled out of her and lay back onto her bed. She turned around on her hands and knees and took his shrinking cock into her mouth, licking up the combination of their juices from it. "Shit, baby, you are so fucking hot," he said.

She smiled and settled in alongside him to snuggle, rubbing her breasts against his body. "Damn straight, and don't you forget it," she said.

"You know Jeff was saying the same thing in the locker room the other day, and how jealous he is that I get to tap that ass of yours." He smacked her bottom lightly for emphasis, and continued, "So I was thinking, maybe I could invite him to join us one night and let him have the chance."

"A threesome? I don't know..." Jennifer said wearily.

"Come on baby, threesomes are hot," Wade insisted.

"I'll think about it, okay?" she said. With the mood spoiled, she pulled away from him and reached for her panties on the floor. He took the hint and got dressed as she pulled a nightshirt on.

"See you at school tomorrow, babe," he said with one final kiss, and let himself out. Jennifer sighed and flopped back into bed. She grabbed the television remote control and turned the set on.

"We're looking at clear skies the rest of the week. Back to you, Richard."

"Thanks, Nelson. Now in local news, Bensonville has something to celebrate. Here's Debbie Woods with the story."

"That's right Richard, here behind me is the brand new Bensonville town hall, which officially opened today after years of construction and local controversy. The centerpiece is this majestic water fountain in the courtyard. I spoke with Mayor Kevin Grady earlier today."

"We've all been looking forward to these new state-of-the-art facilities. We really needed to upgrade from the old building. This should serve our needs for decades."

"Tell me about this beautiful fountain here, Mayor."

"Oh yes, we're especially proud of that. This was designed by a local artist, and much of what you see here was also sourced locally."

"Boring!" Jennifer proclaimed and hit the mute button. Of course she knew about the new town hall, and she couldn't care less about it. She started flipping through the channels, looking for something decent to watch.

Suddenly, a bright light shone in through her window. She put up her arm to shield her eyes and said, "What the fuck?" The light coalesced in to a yellow glowing ball that flew erratically around the room. "Ah! Shit!" she exclaimed while dodging it as it zipped past her. Finally it streaked towards her bookshelf and entered her old Princess Sugarshine plushie. The stuffed toy glowed, then started to move on its own. It tested out its legs and flapped its wings slowly. Then it turned and saw Jennifer.

"You!" she exclaimed in the character's proper high-pitched voice, and launched off the shelf, flying towards Jennifer.

"Holy shit!" Jennifer said.

"Jennifer, you have been chosen by destiny to be the guardian of this world. Your town is under attack, you must defend it from the monster!" the pony said, landing on the bed.

"Princess Sugarshine? What is this? What are you?" Jennifer stammered.

"I'm here to guide you into the heroine you will become. Now quickly, use this to transform into the guardian!" She tilted her head down and shot a burst of glowing sparkles out of her horn. It went to Jennifer's right wrist and formed into a gold charm bracelet.

"What? What guardian?" Jennifer asked. She examined the bracelet. The only charms on it were a series of letters. "V, I, C, T, O, R, Y," she read aloud. "Victory?" At that, the charms flew off the bracelet and circled around her, turning into a swirling cloud of golden sparkles. She levitated off the floor, and all her clothes vanished, leaving her completely naked. The rush of sparkles tickled against her skin, especially her tits and pussy. A sports bra and thong formed around her body. The striped braid appeared, starting from her shoulders and meeting in the middle, then the shell formed moving downward over her breasts, stopping with the lower braid. Bloomers formed over her thong, and the skirt pleats appeared, spinning around her body, drawing closer to her until they attached at her waist. Ankle socks and boots formed around her feet. Her hair blew wildly behind her, then came together and wove itself into a single braid down her back, secured with a red hair tie. A yellow glow appeared over her nose, then split into two that moved up and back, creating the visor. From the top of the visor and around to the back of her head, the helmet formed. A final flurry of sparkles moved over her chest, leaving behind block letters that spelled out "Cheer". Then the sparkles lowered her to the floor and dissipated.

"Holy. Fuck," Jennifer said. She turned towards her mirror to look at the results of the transformation. "A cheerleader uniform?"

"Each guardian's powers adapt to best suit her," said Sugarshine.

"It's sexier than the one I wear for school, I'll give you that." She gave her tits a squeeze and jumped in place a couple times. "Holy shit, this is the best sports bra I've ever worn. There's hardly any bounce at all," she said.

"Magically optimized for movement in battle."

"I don't know about the helmet, though. I guess it's kind of cool. Maybe."

"You must hurry, Jennifer. Who knows what destruction the monster is carrying out?"

"You really expect me to fight some monster? Even if I accepted that, how am I supposed to get there? I haven't heard Dad come back from the bar yet," Jennifer said. Without waiting for a response, she walked out of her room, though the house, and out the front door. Sugarshine followed, flying behind her. "Yeah, see? No car. I'm not going anywhere."

"Use your instincts. How do cheerleaders usually get around?" Sugarshine asked.

"I don't know, the school bus I guess," said Jennifer. "No, wait. We tumble." Without thinking, she performed a round off back handspring full twist layout. When she landed out of the twist, she saw that she wasn't in her neighborhood anymore. She was downtown. Around her was the bank, the dentist, the auto repair garage, and the garden center. "Wow, shit. That actually worked. Sugarshine? Are you here?"

She heard the reply as a voice in her head. "I'm on my way to you. I can't teleport, but I can fly very fast." Just then, there was a loud noise, and all the street lights and buildings went dark. Fortunately it was a relatively cloudless night with a bright moon. She turned to see sparks flying from a ground-level pad-mounted power transformer. Something was standing there, still hacking away at it with its arms while making strange, animalistic guttural noises.

Suddenly it was illuminated by bright lights, revealing it to be insect-like. Its body was composed of a dark carapace and exoskeleton, its face had huge bug eyes and mandibles for a mouth, though it lacked antennae. Rather than hands, it had large pincers, and a third pincer at the end of a scorpion-like tail. It might have been merely a man in an elaborate costume, but its strength in smashing the transformer belied that.

The light was from the headlights of a police car, and the two officers stepped out, drew their guns, and immediately opened fire. The creature didn't even flinch, instead it turned and charged at them. They quickly got back in the car, but didn't have a chance to drive away before the monster smashed the hood in and began tearing up the engine block.

"Fuck! You want me to fight that? How am I supposed to fight that?" Jennifer said.

"You are the guardian. Summon one of your weapons," Sugarshine replied, still in her head.

"Weapons?" Jennifer said incredulously. "Cheerleaders don't have weapons! We have pom-poms!" At that, puffs of flame appeared around her hands and formed into a pair of red, orange, and yellow pom-poms. She yelped in surprise and jerked back. The movement created more wisps of fire around them. She stared in amazement, and gave them a couple of shakes to confirm the flames they created were under her control.

"Well, okay then. I guess I'm really doing this," she said. "Like we say during games, it's time to be aggressive. B, E, aggressive." She ran towards the one-sided fight. As she got within reach, she pulled her arm back and shouted something that seemed appropriate, "Pom-pom Flaming Punch!" The pom-pom roared into a fireball as she swung her arm forward and connected with the bug creature's head, sending it sprawling. It quickly got back to its feet, but Jennifer had already closed in and hit it several more times with the pom-pom fireballs. It staggered back in pain, but then lashed forward with its tail, catching Jennifer off guard. The tail's pincer grabbed her tightly around her waist, then the creature screeched and lifted her into the air over its head and back down behind it.

She landed on her head, then dropped down onto her back when the creature released her. "Ow! Okay, I definitely like the helmet. Yipe!" she squealed, and quickly rolled out of the way as the monster's tail struck the ground where she'd just been. She scrambled to her feet and retreated several yards. "Close up isn't such a good idea. How can I hit it from further away?"

"Follow your instincts, Jennifer," Sugarshine encouraged.

"Sure. Um, how about... Fighting Spirit Fiery Burst!" she shouted, holding the pom-poms close to her and then thrusting them forward together. A huge fireball shot forth and hit the creature, knocking it off its feet. It got back up and started towards her. She hit it again. "Fighting Spirit Fiery Burst!" Parts of it stayed on fire this time, and its body had several cracked, open wounds. It still advanced on her, but slowly and with great difficulty.

"You've almost got it!" said Sugarshine, this time out loud, from just overhead. "Now you must use your finishing attack!"

"What's a finishing attack? What do you want me to do, shout at it with a megaphone?" Jennifer asked. In response, an acoustic megaphone appeared in her hands from a quick burst of fire. "Yeah, why not. Making it up as I go has worked so far," she said. She raised the megaphone to her mouth, aimed it at the monster, and shouted, "Roar of the Crowd Scorching Sonic Blast!" The megaphone emitted a shock wave of hot, condensed air that hit the creature like a wall of fire. It instantly exploded, leaving no remains.

"Fuck yeah! Holy shit, I did it!" Jennifer said, excitedly thrusting her arms into the air. The megaphone evaporated in a puff of fire.

"I knew you had it within you," said Sugarshine. "Now this town will be protected against whatever comes."

"Shit, you mean there's going to be more of those things?" asked Jennifer.

"Of that there is no doubt. A new guardian appears only in times of greatest need. This is only the beginning."

"Well, fuck. No, screw that. Bring 'em on!"

"That's the spirit!" Sugarshine said enthusiastically.

"Hey, um, thanks for the help back there." Jennifer turned and saw the policemen were back out of their car. "What was that thing? Who are you?" one of them asked.

"Me? I'm Je—" she cut herself off, deciding that telling them her name might not be the best idea. "Uh, I'm just a cheer..." Just a cheer leader? That would just be insulting their intelligence. However, she had committed herself to that word now. She tried to quickly think of a different word to pair with it, maybe something that still sounded a little like "leader". Feeder, beater, reader... wait, that could work. It would have to do. She announced, with as much confidence as she could fake, "I'm Cheer Raider."

The cops looked at each other, then back at her. The other one said, "The chief is going to have a lot of questions about this. Would you mind coming in to the station with us?"

"Um... sorry. Bye!" she said, and immediately set of into a round off back handspring full twist layout. When she landed, she was back outside her house. "Right. Sugarshine, can you hear me?"

"I'm on my way back to you," she replied, once again in Jennifer's head.

"I'll open my window for you," Jennifer said as she went inside and back to her bedroom. "Now how do I change out of this thing? Wait, let's see, something like... Final score, game over!" The cheer uniform burst into a cloud of golden sparkles that swirled around her and reformed into the charm bracelet as her nightshirt and panties reappeared. She sighed, and wondered aloud, "What the hell have I gotten myself into?"

She noticed that her phone had a text message waiting. She picked it up and read it. "Hey baby. I mentioned the plan to Jeff and he's super excited for it. When do you want to have us over?"

"Dammit, Wade," she said. She typed out, "I never said that I," and then stopped. She stared at the phone, and then she stared at her new charm bracelet. She deleted what she had and wrote instead, "Yeah. I'm in. Let's do it this week."

- - -

"Come on in, boys," Jennifer said, motioning them into the house with a mischievous smile. She led them down the hallway and into her room.

"Hey, Jennifer, this is really awesome of you to be doing this. So, uh, how do we get started?" Jeff asked.

"How about you get those pants off and show me some hard cocks," Jennifer replied, while pulling her shirt off, revealing that she hadn't been wearing anything underneath.

"Wow, shit," Jeff said, ogling her, until her words sunk in and he did as instructed, as did Wade. Jennifer knelt in front of them, took a cock in each hand, and stroked them. She leaned in and took Jeff's meat into her mouth, bobbing her head up and down along its length, then switched and did the same to Wade's. She move back and forth between them, until Wade moved around behind her, reached up her skirt and pulled her panties off.

"Let me at that pussy while you suck him, babe," he said.

"Mmmm, sure, but up on the bed," she replied. The three of them finished undressing, and Jennifer got on all fours on her bed. Jeff knelt in front of her and Wade knelt behind her, and together they slid their cocks into her wet and waiting holes. Jennifer sucked and moaned as the two hard dicks moved in and out of both her pairs of lips.

"Fuck, this is so hot, dude," said Jeff. "When do I get a turn in her cunt?"

"What did I tell you man, she's the best girlfriend ever. And she's my girl, so you're getting my sloppy seconds. Oh, fuck yes!" he thrust hard into Jennifer as he sprayed his cum into her, then pulled out and moved back to give Jeff his turn.

Jennifer rolled onto her back and gave Jeff an inviting smile. "Come on baby, let me feel that big thing inside me." Jeff wasted no time in doing exactly that and started pounding his cock inside her while fondling her tits. "Oohhh yeah, fuck me, fuck me Jeff, yes, yes!" she moaned.

"Oh, fuck, I'm cumming!" Jeff yelled, and as his jism entered Jennifer's pussy, she realized she had cum from two guys inside her, which finally triggered her own loud orgasm.

As Jeff moved off of Jennifer, Wade moved in, his penis once again hard and ready. Jennifer intercepted him and pushed him onto his back, then straddled him and eased her cum-filled pussy down his rod. They moaned together as she rode him. She looked back over her shoulder at Jeff, who was also regaining his hard-on. She slipped a finger into her mouth, then reached behind her and pushed it into her asshole. "Get that cock over here," she demanded.

Jeff did as he was told and Jennifer held still long enough for him to stuff his cock into her back door. "Oh, fuck!" she yelled as the three of them started moving together, with her pair of fuck holes getting pounded by the two boys. "Shit yes! Aaaaaahhhhh fuck me! Fuck my ass and pussy! Oh God yes! Fuck meeeeeeeee!" She came again, screaming in pleasure. Both boys were brought back over the edge again and moaned and grunted as they shot their loads into her double penetrated holes.

Jennifer collapsed into Wade and Jeff rolled onto his back beside them. When Jennifer got her breath back, she gave Wade a passionate kiss, then leaned across and gave Jeff an even longer kiss.

"Fuck, babe, that was awesome!" Wade said.

Jennifer broke her kiss with Jeff and said to him, "Thank you for coming over."

"Hell yeah. Anytime. I can't wait to do it again," Jeff said. The three of them rested for a bit, then the two guys put their clothes back on, gave Jennifer's tits a final grope, and left. She relaxed on her bed and rubbed her fingers across her clit as the two boys' cum oozed out of her cunt. Princess Sugarshine flew into the room and went back to her place on the bookshelf. She turned towards the wall, deliberately averting her gaze from the naked girl.

"What's the matter, you disapprove?" Jennifer asked.

"Not at all. Your private life is your own as long as it doesn't interfere with your duties as the guardian," the animate stuffed alicorn replied. "But I must say, your present society is much different from what I've seen before."

"Mmmm, the girls back then didn't know what they were missing," Jennifer replied.

[Ending Theme: "Mechanical Love" by In This Moment]

"Debbie Woods here, reporting live from Bensonville. Jennifer sure is having a good time, but will she be up to the challenge of the next monster? Then, have you ever wondered what those hot, young, high school cheerleaders get up to in the locker room after practice? Find out next time on Cheer Raider and SABRE Panther, Episode 4: 'Flashback! A New Weapon Against the Chains! Cheerleaders Have Fun in the Showers!' Go! Fight! Win!"

*****