 "All characters participating in sexual activity are age 18 or older."

*****

[Opening Theme: "Violet Skies" by In This Moment]

EPISODE 4:

"Flashback! A New Weapon Against the Chains!

Cheerleaders Have Fun in the Showers!"

Jennifer did her best to take notes while the history teacher droned on about some old war. She glanced around the classroom and decided most everyone else looked as bored as she was. Suddenly, a familiar squeaky voice sounded in her head. "Jennifer!"

"What?" she mumbled under her breath. "I'm in class."

"Another monster is attacking the town. You need to change into Cheer Raider and defeat it," Sugarshine commanded.

"I said I'm in school," Jennifer replied. "It's last period, I can go soon."

"Go now. Your town needs you. There isn't a moment to waste."

"It's not that easy to just..." Jennifer sighed in defeat, and added, "Goddammit. Fine. I'll be right there." She raised her hand.

"Yes, Jennifer?" the teacher said.

"May I go to the bathroom?" she asked.

"Can't it wait? Class is almost over," he pointed out.

"It really can't," she said.

The teacher shook his head, but relented. "Go."

"Thank you," Jennifer said, grabbing her things and hurrying out the door. She rushed to her locker and put everything inside. She then made her way to the school's little-used rear door, looked around to make sure there wasn't anybody else in the hall, and slipped out.

Once outside, she called out, "Gimme a V! I! C! T! O! R! Y! What's that spell? Victory!" On the final word she thrust her fist into the air, and the charms flew off her bracelet and circled around her, turning into a swirling cloud of golden sparkles. She levitated off the ground, and all her clothes vanished, leaving her completely naked. The rush of sparkles tickled against her skin, especially her tits and pussy. A sports bra and thong formed around her body. The striped braid appeared, starting from her shoulders and meeting in the middle, then the shell formed moving downward over her breasts, stopping with the lower braid. Bloomers formed over her thong, and the skirt pleats appeared, spinning around her body, drawing closer to her until they attached at her waist. Ankle socks and boots formed around her feet. Her hair blew wildly behind her, then came together and wove itself into a single braid down her back, secured with a red hair tie. A yellow glow appeared over her nose, then split into two that moved up and back, creating the visor. From the top of the visor and around to the back of her head, the helmet formed. A final flurry of sparkles moved over her chest, leaving behind block letters that spelled out "Cheer". Then the sparkles lowered her to the ground and dissipated.

"I'd better be back in time for cheer practice," she said. Then she performed a round off back handspring full twist layout and vanished. She landed not far from downtown, in the supermarket parking lot. Housewives were screaming and fleeing with their small children. Several cars had already been severely damaged. At the center of the chaos stood the creature. It looked very similar to the first one, but lacking the pincers and tail. Instead, this one had overdeveloped forearms with long chains hanging out from openings at its wrists. Each link in the chains had small spikes sticking out to both sides, and at the end of both was a spiked flail. It was making good use of them, and brought them down on another car, denting the roof and smashing the windshield glass.

"Oh, I know how to deal with the likes of you. Pom-poms!" she called out. They appeared in her hands, and she thrust them forward while yelling, "Fighting Spirit Fiery Burst!" That first fireball caught the monster off guard. It stumbled, then turned its attention towards her. She sent another. "Fighting Spirit Fiery Burst!" This time the creature retracted the chains almost all the way back into its arms, and spun the remainder of one of them around in front of itself. Amazingly, it deflected the oncoming fireball. She tried again. "Fighting Spirit Fiery Burst!" It blocked that one as well, then launched the other chain straight at her, its length extending out from its arm.

"Shit!" she hissed as she just barely dodged it, then yelped in pain as the flail of the first chain caught her off guard, impacting her shoulder and knocking her down. She got to her feet quickly and ran straight at the monster over the chains lying on the ground. "Take this! Pom-pom Flaming Punch!" She aimed a burning pom fist at the creature's head, but was cut short when it yanked the chains upward, hitting across her body with both of them. She dropped the pom-poms, which promptly vanished, and stumbled away to the side.

"This isn't working, Sugarshine," said Jennifer. "I need something else."

"What else have you got?" Sugarshine asked in return.

"Right, right, use my instincts," Jennifer said. "You have no idea how little help that actually— Oh, wait. Duh. How could I forget that? Alright you motherfucker, I can spin shit around too. Watch my baton!" She clenched her hands into fists, put them together and then drew them apart. In the space between them appeared a twirling baton. Once the entire length was there, she transferred it to one hand and started twirling it, saying "Baton Twirl Blazing Shield!" A stream of white hot sparks flowed out from both ends of the baton, and a glowing energy barrier formed in front of it. None too soon, in fact, as the creature's flails bounced off it right away.

It retracted its chains and tried again. This time only one flail struck the shield. The other chain wrapped around a nearby lamppost. Jennifer noticed it in time and got out of the way as the monster pulled it down in her direction. "Time to be aggressive. B, E, aggressive. Punching and throwing doesn't work, how about we split the difference. Something with some reach," Jennifer said. She twirled the baton again and threw it into the air. "Spinning..." She caught it on the way down and kept the twirl going. "Ignition..." It was noticeably longer. She threw it up again. "Burning..." She quickly reached up and caught it in one hand. "Pike!" The baton was much longer than before, and the end burst into a shower of sparks as a long and flat spike appeared there.

She grasped the pike in two hands and charged at the monster as it reeled its chains back in. It shook its arms to send waves down the length of the chain, but Jennifer deflected them away from herself at a safe distance with the pike. "Take this!" she shouted as she drove the pike into the creature's chest and out its backside, running it entirely through. The beast fell to the ground, and the baton pike vanished as Jennifer jumped back. "Now the megaphone!" she called, and it appeared. As the injured creature staggered to its feet, she shouted through the megaphone, "Roar of the Crowd Scorching Sonic Blast!" The burning wave obliterated it.

She heard scattered applause as the shoppers that had taken cover behind cars started to reemerge. She gave a quick wave to the crowd, then ran into a round off back handspring full twist and disappeared.

- - -

"Miss Monroe, it's good of you to finally join us," said the cheer coach.

"Sorry Coach, I got held up," Jennifer said.

"You'll be joining Fawcett for ten laps after practice. Now get in formation!" he shouted. Jennifer winced. Running laps was a standard punishment in athletics, and ten was going to be unpleasant. It could have been worse, though, and at least she was going to have company.

As promised, when the rest of the squad finally headed inside, the two girls started their laps. Jennifer asked, "So what did you do to piss off Coach, Theresa?"

"Oh, I was chewing gum again and Coach finally caught me. I guess she takes that rule seriously after all," she said.

"Less talking, more running, girls!" the coach shouted. They wisely shut up. After a couple of laps, Jennifer started to get ahead of Theresa, though she could hear her keeping pace a few feet behind her. She slowed down briefly to be friendly and let the other girl catch up, but Theresa just fell behind again after another lap. She let her catch up again, but gave up when Theresa once more couldn't keep up with her. They ran the rest of their laps with Jennifer in front rather than side by side.

The two girls reached the locker room long after everyone else had left, and headed straight to the showers to cool down after the long and sweaty run. Jennifer let the water flow over her face and down her naked body. She suddenly got the nagging feeling of being watched. She turned and looked back over her shoulder. Theresa was under the shower opposite hers, and was doing the same thing, but quickly turned to face her shower again when she saw Jennifer looking her way. Jennifer shrugged and returned to her own shower.

In short order she once again felt eyes on her, and when she turned to check she caught her fellow cheerleader staring again, though once more she immediately turned away. Apparently she hadn't gotten enough of watching Jennifer's backside while they were running. Jennifer crossed over to the other side and asked to her face, "What is it?"

"N— nothing," she stammered, and timidly turned her head down and away from Jennifer.

"Theresa, you're looking at me the way the boys do."

"Sorry," said Teresa meekly, barely audible above the water.

"Hey," Jennifer said, putting her hand under Teresa's chin and pushing her head back up to face her own. "Don't be." She leaned in and kissed her. It started slowly, but quickly built in intensity. Theresa was soon kissing her ravenously, like a starving person eating their first real meal in months. As the water cascaded over both of them, their arms went around each other and pulled their naked bodies tightly together, with one of Teresa's hands on the back on Jennifer's head and the other roaming downwards to squeeze her ass.

Finally Theresa pulled away, and asked quietly, "Does this mean... you're like me?"

Jennifer shook her head. "No, but all straight girls get curious," she replied and resumed their kiss. This time when Theresa broke away, she immediately started moving down Jennifer's body. She kissed her neck, then her collarbone, and then went straight to her nipples, licking and sucking them. Her hands came up to fondle Jennifer's breasts while she tasted them. Jennifer moaned encouragement, "Mmmmm, yeees, suck my titties baby. Lick those boobs."

Theresa let her hands drift downwards across Jennifer's toned belly, but seemed reluctant to let her mouth follow. Twice she moved her head down and then right back up to her breasts. Finally she was able to pull herself away, and continued kissing her way downwards, over Jennifer's navel and towards her pussy that was now wet from more than just the shower. "Wait," Jennifer said. Theresa looked up with a disappointed expression on her face and longing in her green eyes. Jennifer lowered herself to the floor and onto her back, then spread her legs apart. "Now."

Theresa dove in and licked her pussy with a ferocity that surprised Jennifer. She was excited and a bit all over the place at first, but soon settled into licking, sucking, and teasing her clit, with occasional venturing away to lick elsewhere briefly before returning. "Aaahhh, fuck yes, right there, fuck, don't stop!" Jennifer shouted with pleasure. She felt Theresa's fingers moving across her pussy and it sent her over the edge. She grabbed Theresa's head and pushed it hard against her crotch, while screaming with raw orgasm.

After it subsided, Jennifer sat up and pulled Theresa's face to hers, reuniting their lips. She probed the other girl's mouth with her tongue, tasting her own juices secondhand. Then she pushed Theresa down onto her back and took position over her. Jennifer regarded the other girl for a brief moment. Theresa had straight, shoulder length brown hair, at least she did when it was dry. Her pubic hair was untouched, though also wet at the moment. She had a hot body that any guy would be pleased to get his hands on, though apparently that feeling wasn't mutual. Jennifer estimated that her breasts were D-cup in size, the same as her own. She put her hands around them and squeezed while her mouth came down on a nipple and sucked. Theresa gasped, then moaned, low and long.

Jennifer made her tongue dance on Theresa's tits and reached down with her hand to rub her clit through her thick bush. Theresa yelped in surprise, and then several more times in pleasure. Jennifer moved quickly down to replace her finger with her tongue, and pushed her finger into the girl's tight slit. "Oh God!" shouted Theresa. "Fuck! Fuck! Holy shit! Fuuuck!" Jennifer felt her tremble beneath her as Theresa came hard with a loud scream.

As Theresa panted to catch her breath, Jennifer moved up over her and kissed her again. This time they kissed more slowly, with less fervor. Theresa no longer had the energy, or indeed any longer the need, to kiss with the same urgency as before. Jennifer reached up and shut the water off, then sat with her back against the wall. Theresa sat up beside her and asked, "You said you were curious. What that your first time?"

"With another girl, yes," Jennifer confirmed.

"It was my first time with anybody," Theresa admitted. "And it was amazing. Thank you."

Jennifer turned towards her and gave her a quick peck on the lips. "You were really good too. I enjoyed that as much as I hoped I would. Does anybody else know? Have you told your parents?"

"God, no. I've been fighting it, I guess. I've tried going out with guys, but they just aren't... girls."

Jennifer nodded slowly. "They have their uses, but you're right. They aren't us."

"Oh that's right, you're dating Wade, aren't you," Theresa remembered.

"I won't tell him if you don't," Jennifer said with a wink.

"So, do you think we can... I mean... again, sometime?" Theresa asked with a timid but hopeful smile.

"You bet your sweet ass we're gonna fuck again," Jennifer said, before leaning over to give Theresa another passionate kiss. As she pulled away again, she finished, "But next time, we'll do it at my house instead, okay?"

Theresa nodded as a wide smile spread across her face.

[Ending Theme: "Mechanical Love" by In This Moment]

"Debbie Woods here, reporting live from Bensonville. That was one steamy shower for our heroine! Next time, it's back to the present, as Jennifer continues to explore her newfound bisexuality with Theresa, and joins up with Matt against a new creature with its own explosive secret, on Cheer Raider and SABRE Panther, Episode 5: 'Sleepovers are More Fun with Toys! Deadly Fumes in the Night!' Go! Fight! Win!"