 "All characters participating in sexual activity are age 18 or older."

[Opening Theme: "Violet Skies" by In This Moment]

EPISODE 8:

"Battle on the Football Field!

Now I'm the Team's Target?"

"And now for the latest developments in Bensonville, Debbie Woods."

"Thanks, Richard. I'm here just outside Bensonville, where the Army is setting up a Forward Operating Base they are calling Artemis. Here with me is the base commanding officer, General Alvarez, to tell us about it. General, what is the purpose of this base, and why now?

"Debbie, the U.S. Military has been monitoring the situation in Bensonville and we take the escalating threat to the public very seriously. Artemis will be here to provide a more ready and available response should one be necessary," the General explained.

"General, so far these invading creatures have been kept at bay by the mysterious heroes Cheer Raider and SABRE Panther. Any comment on them?"

"Only that we look forward to having a conversation with them about the ongoing protection of this town and our country."

"Thank you, General. Reporting live from Bensonville, Debbie Woods, KHNT 34 Action News. Back to you, Richard."

"Yeah, now that you mention it, I'm surprised that didn't happen sooner," Matt mused aloud. Any further pondering on the matter was interrupted by his ringing phone. The screen indicated Jennifer was calling. He got up and headed toward his bedroom, answering along the way. "Hey, Jennifer, were you watching the news just now?"

"Pfft, no. I was callin' ta see if you're coming to da game on Saturday," she said.

"Game? What game?"

"Oh come on, how could ya not know? It's been all over da Goddamn school dis week."

"Oh, that game," Matt realized. "You know, I don't really understand the whole local rivals thing. Why do we hate Buckland more than any of the other teams we play against?"

"I dunno, it's jus' tradition! So are ya comin'?"

"Me, go to a school football game? I didn't even understand what downs meant until we did the unit on football in Phys Ed."

"God, Matt, could ya be a bigger nerd? Fine, if ya won't come ta watch da game will ya at least come ta watch me?" Jennifer hastily added, "An' Theresa an' da rest of da squad? We work extra hard fer da Buckland game an' you've clearly never seen us perform."

"Ah, when you put it that way, okay, yeah, I'll come," Matt acquiesced. "Where are you, anyway? It sounds noisy."

"It's da pre-Buckland game party, an annual tradition for da football team an' cheerleader squad."

"Oh. Is that why you sound a little off? Party booze?"

"Shut up. I ain't had dat many," Jennifer protested.

"Whatever you say," said Matt.

Just then, Theresa came down the hallway where Jennifer had gone to escape the bulk of the party racket. "There you are! You gotta get back, your boyfriend is telling everyone a little too much about your sex life," she said.

"Shit, Matt, I have ta go. See you in da stands on Saturday!" Jennifer said and ended the call. She followed Theresa back to the center of the party.

"Oh hey, there you are babe! I was jus' tellin' everybody how hot you looked with two cocks inside you!" said Wade upon seeing her. Jennifer shot a dirty look at Jeff, who made a shrugging motion with his arms to indicate he wasn't the one who brought it up.

Jennifer sighed and said, "Wade, could ya not—"

"Oh! I jus' had the greatest idea!" Wade interrupted. "How about a little wager, some incentive for the team? If we beat Buckland, you'll take on the entire team in a gang bang!" The proposal was met with scattered cheers from several of the other players, and sidelong glances from everybody else.

"Jesus Christ, Wade!" Jennifer exclaimed. She wasn't anywhere near sober, but she certainly wasn't that drunk.

"C'mon, babe, all the guys runnin' a train on you, it'll be awesome!" Wade said. Jennifer needed to derail this, fast. She knew that he would be persistent on this, and was used to her eventually giving in. That much was her own fault. She crossed the room and sat down in Wade's lap with one arm behind him and the other moving sensually across his chest.

"How about, if ya win against Buckland, I'll let da team give me a bukkake," she said. That evoked another round of cheers. Fortunately, he took the bait.

"Aw yeah! Fuckin' sweet, baby. We are going ta kick so much Buckland ass an' then cream all over dat pretty face of yers. Right guys?" This time all the guys cheered.

- - -

Finally the day arrived, the always popular big showdown between the Bensonville Prairie Dogs and the Buckland Jackrabbits, a home game for Bensonville this year. After this, at least Matt would be able to go back to comfortably ignoring the school's athletic teams for a while without the hallway banners and other constant reminders. The cheerleader squad's uniforms were rather plain with flat, unpleated skirts and full length shell tops as required for high school cheerleading, all in a rather drab maroon and white color scheme that represented the school colors. He had to admit, though, their performances were well done and their energy was infectious. They were certainly more fun to watch than the game itself.

Midway through the third quarter, Matt became aware that Panther had detected a portal opening. He looked out at Jennifer and saw her falter ever so slightly in the dance routine the squad was currently engaged in, showing she'd obviously just heard from Sugarshine. She recovered quickly and looked up into the stands directly at Matt. He nodded and motioned with his hand for her to stay. There was no way she could come up with an excuse good enough to leave in the middle of the game. Matt made his way down from the bleachers and ran towards the school building. Once he was out of sight of the spectators, he said, "This ought to be a bit more exciting. Emergency pilot retrieval, dimensional fold, activate!" The signature burst of light whisked him away to Panther's cockpit.

Back on the sidelines, the cheer squad finished the routine and started into stunts, splitting into groups of five. Jennifer took the front spotter position with Theresa as the flyer, meaning the four girls on the ground were lifting Theresa up, with Jennifer in front of Theresa, her back to the crowd in the stands. They got Theresa up into the prep position, holding her feet at their shoulder level.

Jennifer could see a play start up on the field. The Jackrabbits quarterback threw a pass, and it was intercepted by Jeff! The crowd behind her cheered as Jeff took off running down the field. The Buckland players were caught by surprise and nobody was close enough to stop him. He crossed the 50 yard line, then the 40, and then slowed down and stopped at the 30 yard line. The cheers of the crowd died off into a confused murmur. Jennifer looked down towards the end zone. Something was there, hanging from one side of the goalpost crossbar. A four-pronged mechanical claw at the end of its tail grasped the upright, while instead of a left hand it had what looked to be a circular saw blade, which it was using to cut into the metal tubing. "Oh, shit," Jennifer said.

Theresa heard and turned her head to see for herself, and echoed, "Shit. Pop cradle, one, two." On the unspoken three and four, the girls supporting her tossed her up slightly, then quickly repositioned their arms to catch her on the way down, as per their training on stunt dismounts. Theresa dropped from the cradle to her feet, grabbed Jennifer's hand, and leaned in close to her ear. "Be ready to run," she said, then she turned her face away and screamed at the top of her lungs.

This broke the crowd out of their inaction, converting uncertainty to a screaming panic. The fans in the lower seats ran from the stands, those in the upper seats became a mob pushing their way down to escape. None too soon, either, as the creature had finished sawing through the goalpost. It dropped to the ground with the portion it had cut free and used its tail to fling the upright at the frightened people. It hit the stands, crushing the upper benches, just barely missing the people that had vacated those seats.

Theresa ran, pulling Jennifer along with her, around to the back of the equipment shed that stood a little ways off from the corner of the field past the same end zone where the monster was now at work cutting the base of the goalpost. Once they were out of sight of the fleeing crowd, she said, "You're clear! Go!"

Jennifer nodded and called out, "Gimme a V! I! C! T! O! R! Y! What's that spell? Victory!" On the final word she thrust her fist into the air, and the charms flew off her bracelet and circled around her, turning into a swirling cloud of golden sparkles. She levitated off the ground, and all her clothes vanished, leaving her completely naked. The rush of sparkles tickled against her skin, especially her tits and pussy. A sports bra and thong formed around her body. The striped braid appeared, starting from her shoulders and meeting in the middle, then the shell formed moving downward over her breasts, stopping with the lower braid. Bloomers formed over her thong, and the skirt pleats appeared, spinning around her body, drawing closer to her until they attached at her waist. Ankle socks and boots formed around her feet. Her hair blew wildly behind her, then came together and wove itself into a single braid down her back, secured with a red hair tie. A yellow glow appeared over her nose, then split into two that moved up and back, creating the visor. From the top of the visor and around to the back of her head, the helmet formed. A final flurry of sparkles moved over her chest, leaving behind block letters that spelled out "Cheer". Then the sparkles lowered her to the ground and dissipated.

"I am not going to get tired of that," Theresa said. She stepped in close and gave Jennifer a short but deep kiss. "Now go kick some ass!"

Jennifer said, "Thanks. Matt! It's here, at the game!"

"Jennifer? The game! Oh, shit!" Matt replied. "Adjusting course, I'll be right there!"

"There's something new about this one. It looks half robot, there's mechanical stuff all over it," she said while running out onto the field.

"A cyborg? The other side is stepping up their game. Do what you can."

"I intend to. Time for a baton!" The baton obediently appeared, and Jennifer twirled it and threw it into the air. "Spinning... Ignition... Burning... Pike!" With the transformation into pole weapon complete, Jennifer aimed it ahead and charged the creature, just as it threw the entire remaining goal post at the players downfield, which stirred their own indecision about what to do into a tactical retreat. She didn't care that it saw her coming, but she was unprepared for the swiftness of its tail, which lashed out, grabbed hold of the pike, and yanked hard with an upwards motion. Jennifer's grip was so tight that she was carried along with it, not letting go until the tail made a whip crack motion at the top of its arc, sending her flying through the air, screaming.

A pair of giant metal hands broke her fall before she had a chance to hit the ground. "Gotta be careful with those stunts, I wouldn't want to see my favorite cheerleader hit a bad landing," Matt said. He held her loosely in his left hand and reached back for his axe with his right.

Jennifer replied, "That damn tail is a lot longer than before. Stronger, too. Look out!" Without warning, the monster made a mighty leap with its mechanically enhanced legs and landed on Panther's face. It immediately grabbed hold and started cutting into it using its saw arm.

"Aaahhh! Fucking shit ass goblin, not in the face!" Matt yelled while helplessly flailing his axe around.

Jennifer stood up and exclaimed, "Hang on! It's time to be aggressive. B, E, aggressive. Pom-poms!" With the tricolor puff balls in hand, she charged up Panther's arm, shouting "Pom-pom Flaming Punch!" Her fist connected with the half-machine creature with a burst of fire, sending it flying through the air and onto the field below.

"Thanks," Matt said. "Now, right side shoulder cannon!"

Jennifer, perched on Panther's left shoulder, joined in with "Fighting Spirit Fiery Burst!" and a barrage of fireballs and antimatter rained down upon the creature. Despite the damage, it crouched for another leap. Matt was ready for it this time, though, and the axe's plasma blade swung upwards, catching it in mid-jump and launching it further into the air in the other direction, all but cleaved in two.

Jennifer shouted, "Megaphone! Roar of the Crowd Scorching Sonic Blast!" The shockwave of superheated air spread upwards, slammed into the creature, and destroyed it completely. As she let the megaphone vanish, Jennifer heard cheering from crowd below. She smiled sheepishly and took a bow. Matt stowed Panther's axe and extended his arm into a big thumbs up.

The loud approval was quickly drowned out by the rotor noise of the approaching military helicopter, however. It slowed to a hover over the school, then blasted from a loudspeaker, "Cheer Raider! SABRE Panther! Please stay where you are. We just want to talk."

"Yeah, I'm sure. I don't feel like talking now, do you?" Jennifer asked.

"Nope. Hop in, I'll give you a lift," Matt said. Jennifer saw Panther's cockpit hatch open beneath her. She carefully jumped down and joined Matt inside. The hatch closed and Panther reached up to grab hold of the hoverwing as it descended. The helicopter started to give chase as the mecha lifted off and flew away, but was forced to give up when Panther's cloaking device activated.

- - -

"Alright, ladies and gents, important announcement: There will be no photography or video recording of any kind except by myself using Jennifer's personal phone. So before we get started, please all of you line up and deposit your phones and any other cameras into this bag. We thank you for your cooperation." Theresa held up a pillowcase, and after everyone finished groaning in disappointment, started collecting their phones.

Though the game was ended prematurely due to the destruction of the field, the Prairie Dogs already had a solid lead when Jeff's inevitable touchdown had been interrupted, so Bensonville was declared the official winner. As such, Jennifer was obliged to follow through, and was on her knees waiting, completely topless. The entire football team was in attendance to participate, and so was most of the cheerleader squad, primarily out of morbid curiosity to watch the spectacle, but also a few of them had volunteered as fluffers, orally servicing the guys while they waited in line, to keep them ready to go.

Theresa started recording and waved the guys forward. Wade and Jeff stepped forward first, wearing only their shirts. Jennifer eagerly took Wade's hard cock into her mouth, sucking it deeply, then switched to Jeff and did the same. After a few more times back and forth, both guys wrapped their hands around their rods and started pumping furiously. Jennifer tilted her face back, leaned forward, and demanded, "Give me that cum, all over my face."

Wade was the first to pop, spewing his load across Jennifer's lips and chin with a few grunts. Jeff came a few seconds later, his goo landed on her cheek. They stepped aside and the next few guys in line took their place. Jennifer immediately ran her lips down one of the stiff shafts, blowing each dick in turn until their owners delivered their warm, sticky jism onto her face.

As the line of horny guys advanced, she saw a wide variety of penises: short, long, fat, and thin. A few of them unleashed their seed onto her face almost immediately, the rest enjoyed the ministrations of her mouth and tongue working them up to it. Some guys missed her face when their first ejaculatory spurt overshot the mark, others underestimated their firing power as their semen merely dribbled out. Collectively though, they got the job done, covering her forehead, nose, both cheeks, her mouth, and getting a bit in her hair as well. "Mmmm, yes, more cocks, I need more cum on me!" she encouraged. 

One after another, each new load of cream decorated her face with white globs, fading to a clear sheen within minutes but quickly replaced by a fresh deposit. Several streaks of the man juice trailed down her breasts as well, they had been collecting the shots that fell short of her face, as well as everything that ran down her face and dripped from her chin. Several times she had to wipe the accumulated cum from her eyes so she could see everything coming at her, each time she immediately stuck her fingers in her mouth, licked them off, and swallowed. "Oh God yes, more cum! I need all of it! Cover me in cum!"

About half the team managed to come around through the line a second time and drop another burst of their genetic material onto her. Finally, though, the last one made his contribution. "I think that's it, everybody looks spent, they've moved on to the beer over there. You look like an insatiable cum whore. How do you feel?" Theresa asked.

"Like an insatiable cum whore. And God, my pussy is fucking drenched and I need to get pounded, right now," Jennifer replied.

"Well, Wade's just over there. If we can get him hard again I'm sure he'd be happy to take you in one of the bedrooms, or here in front of everyone."

"No, not Wade," Jennifer said, shaking her head slowly. "I've realized that he only sees me as a trophy girlfriend, something to put his cock in and show off, or even both at once. When he suggested a gang bang, do you think I didn't want to? Hell yes, I did. But not when it's his idea. I switched it to a bukkake so it would be my idea. Me using them to get off, not just agreeing to let them use me, a concept Wade does not comprehend."

"So if not Wade, then who?"

"Call Matt and tell him to meet us at my house. You're driving."

A sly smile spread across Theresa's lips. "You want to clean up first?"

"Fuck no, I'm going just like this," Jennifer said, her face and tits still glistening.

- - -

They arrived only slightly ahead of Matt, who let himself in and headed straight to Jennifer's room. "Wow. Is that... what it looks like?" he asked. The cum that covered Jennifer was no longer fresh and moist, but it remained rather apparent what she'd just gone through.

"It sure is, from the whole football team," said Jennifer, dropping to her knees in front of him. "And you get to be the last one to add to it."

"Ooookay then," Matt said, at a loss for anything more coherent. His hard cock strained to burst free even before he got his pants off. Theresa resumed recording while Jennifer engulfed his dick with her mouth. Matt moaned in pleasure, and didn't last long before he pulled out, gave his rod a few final strokes with his hand, and sprayed his fluid across Jennifer's face.

"Oh God yes, your cum feels so good on my face!" Jennifer nearly shouted. She sprang up, freed herself of her skirt and panties, and fell back onto her bed with pussy at the edge of the mattress and her legs spread wide. "I need you in my pussy, please, fuck me!"

"Um... right now? I might need a couple— ohhh!" Matt said, his protest cut off by Theresa taking his flaccid cock into her mouth. She shoved Jennifer's phone into his hand and he turned it to record her as she easily brought his hard-on back to life.

"There. All fluffed and ready to go," she said, smiling. Matt nodded and immediately stepped over to Jennifer and pushed himself deep into her dripping pussy in one thrust, still capturing the action with her phone.

"Ohhhhhh, fuck yes!" she cried out as he began pounding her. She had clearly been wound tight and ready to explode, within seconds she screamed, "Ahhh! Ahhhhh! I'm cumming! Fuuuuck!" Her body shook as the powerful orgasm washed over her. Matt kept right on ramming into her for the duration, and afterwards as well. Her continued moans mixed with her panting to get her breath back, and slowly built up again, getting longer and louder, finally reaching a second extremely loud orgasm.
