 "All characters participating in sexual activity are age 18 or older."

[Opening Theme: "Violet Skies" by In This Moment]

EPISODE 13:

"Attack Through the Portal!

It's the Final Battle!"

"Land near the fountain and let me out," Jennifer said.

Matt said, "Sure. But, uh, you do realize that you're..."

"Naked?" she finished. "May as well be, I'm going to get wet."

Matt set Panther down in front of the recently-built Bensonville city hall, then released the hoverwing and sat down close to the fountain out front. The fountain sat within a shallow circular pool, twenty feet in diameter and filled with multicolored gravel. Five triangular black granite pillars stood eight feet tall around the circumference. Between each were two water jets and a series of colored spotlights, aimed upwards and inwards, towards the middle of the pool. In the center was a five foot tall textured glass pillar, topped with a small stone covered in gemstones of several different colors that sparkled in the play of water and light.

As Panther's cockpit opened, Jennifer said, "I need to borrow that knife." Without waiting for a reply, she pulled it from Matt's vest, left the cockpit, and hopped right into the fountain. She went to the central pillar and used the knife to pry the stone free of its mount. Matt followed her out, his cock raging hard again at the site of her stepping out of the fountain, naked and dripping wet. She returned the knife to Matt just as Princess Sugarshine arrived.

"Jennifer! What's been going on? What is that?" she asked.

"This is what's been causing all out problems. It's the portal generator, but it's damaged and malfunctioning. With the water shorting the circuits and keeping it active, it opens the portals randomly. They've been able to rig some things on the other side to expand how they can use it, but they can't open a proper, fully stable portal. At least, not until I attach this to it," Jennifer said, removing the bracelet from her ankle and holding it up.

"A hardware patch. Clever," Matt said. "So we don't want to do that, right? It would be bad? You're going to do it, aren't you."

Jennifer smiled broadly, and said, "But first, I should be dressed appropriately. Gimme a V! I! C! T! O! R! Y! What's that spell? Victory!" On the final word she thrust her fist into the air, and the charms flew off her bracelet and circled around her, turning into a swirling cloud of golden sparkles that levitated her off the ground. The rush of sparkles dried her off and tickled against her skin, especially her tits and pussy. A sports bra and thong formed around her body. The striped braid appeared, starting from her shoulders and meeting in the middle, then the shell formed moving downward over her breasts, stopping with the lower braid. Bloomers formed over her thong, and the skirt pleats appeared, spinning around her body, drawing closer to her until they attached at her waist. Ankle socks and boots formed around her feet. Her hair blew wildly behind her, then came together and wove itself into a single braid down her back, secured with a red hair tie. A yellow glow appeared over her nose, then split into two that moved up and back, creating the visor. From the top of the visor and around to the back of her head, the helmet formed. A final flurry of sparkles moved over her chest, leaving behind block letters that spelled out "Cheer". Then the sparkles lowered her to the ground and dissipated.

"Now, what did you come up with to defeat the Tsarina's lightning attack?" she asked.

"What makes you think I came up with something?" Matt replied.

"Because you're you."

Matt smiled. "Damn straight. I had to study storm lighting and Panther's video logs of her for a while, but it finally hit me. Lightning is what happens when a large charge imbalance overcomes the electrical resistance of air. You can't just throw electricity at a target. Without a positive charge to draw it, the charge would disperse in all directions. She's using magic, of course, but the best thing is to work with physics, not against it. Which means she's not actually shooting lightning per se, she's creating a huge charge imbalance between herself and her target, setting the condition for a lightning strike, and then just letting it happen on its own. The upshot is, you're actually safer the closer you are to her, because the charge required to bridge the gap is smaller, and if you can get electrically connected to her, it's brought to zero."

"You realize I understood exactly none of that," Jennifer said.

Matt sighed. "Right. Okay, have you ever rubbed your feet on the carpet and given someone a static shock?"

"Sure, I guess," she said.

"But if you're touching that person while you rub your feet, you can't shock them, because you're already sharing the static charge. So I got the guys at the base to help me make these. Panther, the compartment, please." A hatch opened on Panther's lower leg, revealing Matt's secret weapon inside. "We cut some ankle shackles in half and welded a hundred feet of electrical wire between each pair. Get one end on her and one on you, and any charge she tries to put on you will be instantly neutralized, with no way to build to a dangerous level."

"You want me to handcuff myself to the creepy lady with the lightning powers," Jennifer said, incredulous.

"Ah, when you put it that way it does sound counter-intuitive," Matt admitted.

"Another radical idea of yours?"

"Not quite so spur of the moment this time, but if you prefer, sure."

"Do you at least have the keys to unlock those?"

"Several, right in there with them," Matt said.

"Good enough for me. Let's go. They're expecting the portal, so there's going to be a small army waiting on the other side, except for the big guns that were sent over already. Start shooting before we're all the way though. Sugarshine, you might want to ride with Matt for this," she said, and started connecting the repair bracelet to the portal generator.

Matt climbed back into Panther with Sugarshine right behind him. "SABRE pilot to Artemis command. Cheer Raider and I are opening the portal to the enemy source and going through." The portal flared into existence, a great tunnel of swirling purple and blue energy. Jennifer summoned her pom-poms, then ran into it and out of sight, and Panther followed.

- - -

They emerged from the portal into the cavern, antimatter cannons and fireballs blazing. The assembled horde was taken by surprise, and those that could, scattered quickly. Jennifer tossed her pom-poms aside and called, "Megaphone! Roar of the Crowd Scorching Sonic Blast!" The blast swept over the injured and straggling creatures. Those that survived in one piece were nevertheless not getting up again.

"Stand your ground, face the enemy! I command you!" the Tsarina shouted at her retreating forces. "You! Apparently I didn't teach you obedience well enough. I'm going to have to beat it into you again, this time hard enough that you'll have to relearn how to walk!"

Jennifer had already gotten the coils of wire out from Panther's storage compartment. One was slung over her shoulder, while the other trailed behind her, its cuff still hooked to Panther. "You don't scare me anymore, you twisted bitch. We're here to stop you, and get back what I lost, what you took from me!" she countered, then under her breath, added, "Pom-poms!"

The Tsarina laughed. "And what's that, your pride? Pathetic girl, I'm going to reacquaint you with what a desperate slave fuck toy you really are!" She raised her arms to attack, but hesitated when she saw Jennifer running straight at her.

"Pom-pom Flaming Punch!" Jennifer shouted, slamming her right in the face with both pom-poms in one hand, knocking her to the ground. She discarded the pom-poms again, then knelt down and ratcheted the cuff closed around the Tsarina's ankle on the line that led back to Panther. She linked their wrists together via the other line. Then the Tsarina came to and tried to lash out at her, so she jumped back and put some distance between them.

Clearly losing her composure, the Tsarina stood, and snarled, "You dare strike me? Now you'll know my wrath, you impudent little shit!" She raised her arms towards Jennifer, and nothing happened. She thrust her arms forward again, still nothing. "What the fuck?" she asked. She turned and motioned her arms towards Panther, with the same lack of results. "What did you do to me? What is this?" she said, a note of fear creeping into her voice, and noticing the cuffs around her wrist and ankle for the first time.

Jennifer, who had come back within striking distance, said, "That's science, bitch!" She launched a roundhouse kick and sent the Tsarina back to the ground. Then she ran towards a large stalagmite, looped around behind it, and then back to the Tsarina. She unlocked the cuff on her wrist and reattached it to the Tsarina's free wrist. "Matt, I need you out here now, but first, pull back the slack on your line. Slowly and carefully." The Tsarina's arms pulled up over her head as the lines pulled tight, with Jennifer watching them closely. "That's good, stop," she said.

Matt exited Panther and approached the scene. "Let me borrow that knife again," Jennifer asked. Matt handed it over and she knelt down at the Tsarina's side. "Well, how the mighty have been knocked on their ass," she said. She used the knife to cut the laces on each side of her dress, then threw the front half aside, leaving the Tsarina's naked body totally exposed.

"How dare you! You will suffer the consequences for this humiliation!" the Tsarina threatened.

Jennifer ignored her and turned to look up at Matt. "Now, get your cock back out and come fuck her."

"Um, why would I do that?" Matt asked, even though his cock was already hard again from the sight.

"Because she deserves it for what she did to me, because you didn't get a chance to finish back when you had me in the cockpit downtown, and because I know you nerds get off on chicks with weird skin colors like this," Jennifer said. "Please? Do it for me."

"Oh why not, what's one more crazy thing today?" Matt said, and got down on the ground with them. He ran his hands across the Tsarina's jet-black skin from her thighs up to her breasts, and leaned in to taste her nipples.

"Release me right now and your deaths will be swift and merciful!" the Tsarina demanded. Matt ignored her and moved back down to her pussy. He moved his fingers through the folds of her cunt, then spat on it and rubbed his spit into her. He freed his rod from his pants and pushed it inside.

"That's right, give her that cock, baby, give it to her hard," Jennifer said. She had removed her helmet and was now squeezing and licking the Tsarina's tits herself. Moans from both Matt and the Tsarina filled the air as he increased his pace, his pale dick ramming in and out of her warm, dark fuck hole. "Give her a nice, big cream pie for me Matt, fill her up with your tasty cum, then step back and enjoy the show," Jennifer encouraged, which sent him over the edge. He screamed out loudly as he pumped his load of jism into the enemy twat.

Jennifer's lips were in place on the Tsarina's pussy almost before Matt had a chance to pull out. The Tsarina once again attempted protest, saying, "I'm going to make the two of you suffer like— ooooohhhhh, like no one has ever— aaaaahhhh, fuck."

Jennifer licked all of Matt's spunk out of her, then proceeded to lick and suck her clit with a mighty ferocity. She'd serviced the Tsarina this way enough times, she knew her body and her responses, and she could tell from her moans that she was close to orgasm. She looked up from her pussy and said, "I love you, Mommy." Then she dove back in and sucked even harder than before.

The Tsarina gasped. "J... Jenny?" Then she came, hard, screaming, her back arching, and a bright light engulfed her. When it faded, the Tsarina was gone. The woman that remained in her place, skin and hair restored to their true colors, looked quite a bit like an older version of Jennifer herself. Matt had never seen any photos of her on display in Jennifer's house, but there was no doubting it, this was indeed her mother.

- - -

She hummed a joyful little tune to herself as she moved the flower into the larger pot and filled around it with dirt. Having to repot all these plants meant they had ordered more inventory than they'd needed, but it was better than ordering too few and running out. Besides, she enjoyed this kind of work, the physical contact with her little floral friends.

She removed another one from its now too-small pot, and noticed something odd caught in its roots. She pulled it out and examined it. Some colored sparkles glistened beneath the dirt as she rubbed it off. "Well, what were you doing in there? How pretty. I think I'll take you home, I'm sure my daughter will like you," she said. She set the stone aside and continued working.

After she had finished, she locked up and was about to go home, when she suddenly remembered the curious stone. She went back into the garden center, fetched it from her work area, and brought it to the bathroom. Mrs. Monroe caught a look at herself in the mirror above the sink, then she looked down and rinsed the stone clean, exposing the array of multicolored gems. She held it up to admire it more closely. Without warning, it began to glow. Purple and blue energy swirled out, and she was in a different place.

The Tsarina finished sending this memory of her long ago previous life into her new slave's mind. It was the only detail of the time before that she could still recall clearly, the rest was an irrelevant blur. She had been back there twice now, to that town, and it had only served to remind her how ripe the Earth was for conquest. If only they could acquire the portal generator, apply one of the repair patches, and activate its full capabilities. She just knew that this girl would finally succeed where her creatures had failed. This girl, who had been against her, that she now owned completely. She released the girl's head and asked, "Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress," confirmed the out-of-uniform Fear Raider.

- - -

"Jenny, oh my sweet baby girl! I had no idea it was you. I am so, so sorry for everything I put you through."

Jennifer finished unlocking the cuffs, then hugged her tightly. "It's okay, Mom. I couldn't see it either until Matt freed me."

"Look at how much you've grown! I've missed so much. How is your father?" she asked.

"Dad always thought you'd run off with some other guy, he hasn't been the same since," Jennifer answered.

"Oh the poor man, no, sweetheart, I love you both more than anything."

Matt interrupted, saying, "Wait, wait, that's your mom?"

Jennifer looked up and said, "Uh huh."

"The evil lightning witch in charge of the monsters trying to destroy us was your mom the entire time."

"Yep."

"The woman both of us just had sex with is your mom."

Jennifer looked a little sheepish, and said, "Well, it worked when you did it to me, so it seemed like our best chance."

Matt opened his mouth but couldn't think of another retort. He turned towards Sugarshine, who was lurking over by Panther, and said, "Did you know about this?"

"I had no idea! Although, that probably does explain why destiny's selection of Jennifer was so certain," the pony said.

"Oh, of course it does! It explains the original course correction, too," Matt said. "Wait, what? Panther, hit me with that one again. Well, shit. Panther detected a total of three enemy portals before crash landing in the woods. The first one was years ago, at the very edge of his sensor range, and it led him to our star system. That would have been when your Mom disappeared. He arrived last year, and waited for another signal. The first two monsters coming through allowed him to pinpoint the location, first to Earth, and then to Bensonville. That's when he came down and I found him." He suddenly realized that Jennifer's Mom was still quite naked, and added, "Oh, crap, uh, here, put this on." He removed the tactical vest and handed it to her.

"Thank you, Matt, and for everything you've done for my daughter," she said while putting it on.

"She's done a lot for me, too," Matt said. Then, to Jennifer, he said, "You could have told me."

"Sorry about that, but we didn't have time for you to overanalyze everything," she replied.

"Damn. You're right," Matt admitted.

Just then, Sugarshine flew over in a panic, saying, "Everybody! Something's approaching, something powerful!"

Jennifer turned back to her mother. "She's right, I feel it too. Is it...?"

Mrs. Monroe nodded and said, "Yes, it is. It's coming for us."

"What? What is it?" Matt asked.

"I don't have a name for it, but it's the true evil at the root of this place," Jennifer's mom said.

At that point they were able to hear it as well, the sound of rushing water, except it wasn't water. At the other end of the cavern, torrents of black slime burst forth, gushing out from various cracks and fissures in the rock. It coalesced into one blob, then formed itself into a massive humanoid shape that stood a head taller than Panther. Its face remained featureless save for sunken eyes that glowed purple. Rather than hands, its forearms extended into solidified blades with a sheen resembling obsidian, and matching chest armor formed as well.

"There's so much of it!" Jennifer said with awe. "Mom, get to cover. Matt, back into Panther. Our fight's not over."

"Right. Final boss time," Matt said, getting into the cockpit while Jennifer put her helmet back on..

"This thing, what it did to me before, it's not like anything we've been up against so far. We go in with everything we've got. Throw me at it, I'll hit it hard, you come in right behind me and hit it harder. Now, pom-poms!"

"Roger that," Matt said. He drew Panther's axe with his left hand, picked up Jennifer in his right, and charged at the slime creature. He pulled his arm back and then launched Jennifer forward, then tossed the axe over into his right hand.

"Pom-pom Flaming Punch!" Jennifer yelled, her arms outstretched as she soared into the monster's armor and impacted with a large conflagration. She caught her feet against the armor and kicked off into a high backflip, clearing the way for Panther's attack. His axe crashed into the now-cracked armor, and as he pulled it away he reached in with his left arm for a second strike with his plasma claws.

Jennifer managed to catch herself on one of Panther's ears and scrambled up to stand atop his head. "Megaphone! This is for what you did to my mother! Roar of the Crowd Scorching Sonic Blast!" The thermal shockwave of noise pounded against the creature along with a barrage of antimatter from Panther's cannons. Its head blew clean off, and the cracks and slashes in its armor grew deeper and wider. It looked ready to crumble into pieces, and then... it didn't. Liquid goo oozed up through the cracks and resolidified, erasing the damage, and a new head rose up from the creature's shoulders. It raised its arms, blades ready to strike.

"No way... fuck..." Jennifer said

"Hold on tight!" Matt yelled, and he parried one blade with the axe while dodging the other. He lunged in for another axe strike, and dodged another swing of the blades. Jennifer gripped Panther's head as he moved side to side. Dodge, parry, dodge, dodge, strike, dodge, parry, dodge, strike, dodge. The slime beast advanced as Panther stepped back, giving no quarter. It swung high with its left blade, and Panther parried it back against its chest. The right blade swung low, and sunk deep into Panther's left thigh. Matt cried out in phantom pain before reason reasserted itself that his own actual leg was undamaged.
