 Training began in earnest. There were no more mysterious little games. Tanya and Sterling faced a huge pile of academic work plus days filled with practical exercises as they became familiar with all aspects of the mission. At least they got to work on it all together. Teamwork was emphasized at every opportunity. They were joined by new members of the team at regular intervals and gradually the entire crew was integrated and assembled. The Mars mission vehicles had been assembled in orbit while their training was being completed. Two by two they got ready for the transition into the mission capsule. 

The night before they left for orbit, Tanya called Sterling into their now bare living space. 

"This is it! This is our last night on Earth. What do you want to do?" she giggled.

"I do believe it's time for the final fuck!" he replied.

"I'm gonna carry a belly full of our sperm into orbit with me. Gimmee, Gimmee!" she cried as she jerked her clothes off.

"Yes ma'am!" he agreed and suddenly he was naked.

They rushed together and fell on the floor. Sterling shoved his dick into her and started stroking.

"Right here on the floor? Our final fuck is gonna be right here on the floor?" she asked.

"No, this is just practice. After we do it here, we'll go to bed."

"I love a man with a plan."

Sterling was so happy to be in the familiar confines of Tanya's beautiful pussy. He knew every notch and bump. He stroked hard into her, feeling for that magic moment when the world went away. Tanya just loved fucking Sterling. She felt his big dick head as it split her repeatedly, driving her closer to the edge of ecstasy. Pussy juice ran down the crack of her ass. This was perfect!

His animal instincts drove him onward and upward, taking her with him.

"Oh god yes!!" she screamed as she climaxed beneath him. 

She felt every pulse of his ejaculation as he drained himself into her. 

"That feels so damned good. I want your cock in me all the time."

"Then you shall have it! Keep your sheath ready wench. We'll get a shower and then I'll plunder your riches again!" the colonel declared in his best pirate voice.

They got off the floor and scampered into the shower. By now they were old hands at soaping each other up and playing shower games. Sterling was behind her with her tits in his hands and his cock in her ass crack. She reached between her legs and grabbed his cock. It got a thorough cleaning. He turned her around. She could feel his erection poking her belly. She giggled and squeezed his nuts. He bent to her and jammed his tongue into her mouth. She returned the kiss with a vigor born of love. Finally, they rinsed off and got out. They completely dried each other and walked hand in hand into the bedroom.

She leaped on the bed and her legs popped open. He was on her like a wolf on a lamb. She pressed his invading lips into her pussy. He hummed a happy little tune as he engulfed her clit, licking and sucking as hard as he could. She screamed as she came on his face. He drank from her fountain and left not a drop.

"Fuck me again," she moaned.

His cock parted her portal and they once again swam into the rhythm of love. He drove it all the way into her and then stopped. 

"Why aren't you fucking me?" she moaned.

"It occurred to me to just hold it in you for a while to enjoy your pussy in earth gravity."

Soon she started to tremble and Sterling knew it was time to do her. He moved deep within her, feeling every inch of her magnificent pussy as it slid up and down his cock.

"Oh yes, that's it!" she whispered. "Harder, faster, I wanna be fucked like a whore."

He held her butt in his hands and squeezed it while he drove into her. Her legs were draped over his shoulders. He moved his hands to her breasts and squeezed them hard. She started to sweat lightly. It beaded up on her nose and forehead. Sterling was sweating too. She felt his perspiration dropping onto her belly as he jammed his cock as far into her as it would go.

"Oh....oh....oh," she puffed, enjoying every second, every stroke, every drop. "Gimme that cum! I want it now!"

He drove into her harder and faster. Her pussy pulsed around his cock. He knew the end was near. He slammed it into her as he came and stiffened out over her as she milked him He had a death grip on her body.

"I hope it's this good when we're weightless,' he groaned as he rolled off of her. 

"This is close enough to perfect for me," she whispered. They lay in a lover's embrace and licked each other's sweat like a couple of cats. Finally they drifted off to sleep. The alarm woke them up. It was time to get ready for spaceflight. They took a shower and had some fillet mignon and eggs for breakfast. It was their last chance at earth food and they wanted something to remember earth by. Freshly showered, they reported to the prep area. The technicians helped them into their flight suits. All the extras they needed had already been loaded on the jump rocket.

The bus hauled them and the other astronauts out to the launch pad where a short, squatty space vehicle sat waiting. A group of technicians helped them into the craft, strapped them in and said goodbye.

Tanya and Sterling were seated next to each other. The hatch closed, the warning buzzer sounded and they felt the craft pressurize. The automatic countdown started. When it reached zero, the rocket motor fired up, the grounding clamps released and they were on their way. The heavy G force pushed them back in their seats as the orbiter gained speed. Earth faded away and the sky turned black. They docked with space station number four thirty minutes later.

Space station #4 was a large, comfortable orbiter. It generated its own gravity and had an ion shield around it to deflect radiation. The Mars team assembled in the main conference room. A lieutenant general walked into the space.

"At ease," he barked. "You represent Earth's hope for a new era. When Mars is safe and completely habitable, you are the ones who will have pioneered this new Earth. Terra forming has already begun but it'll be a long time before it is considered safe enough to actually go outside with no space suit. Also, there has been a modification to your ship. It is now equipped with its own gravity. You will still be required to strap in until we find out how reliable it is. We realized right from the beginning that the colony would have to be autonomous, so when we send you off, you'll be on your own. A base camp has been established for you. There will be construction crews living among you for the foreseeable future. You, however, are the finest minds attached to the finest bodies we could find. Your leader is Sterling March until you arrive on Mars. After that, you may select a new leader or keep what you've got. When I leave this room, all military rank is suspended. You will be civilians again until we activate your military rank. Are there any questions?"

There were none since all their questions had been answered already back at the training compound. The general turned on his heel and left the room.

Sterling stood up and addressed the group. "The departure schedule is posted on the board. We will be the first in a flight of five Mars mission vehicles. Any questions?"

There were none. They had all heard this before. The group broke up. He took Tanya's hand and led her to their temporary quarters. He picked her up and carried her into the small space. 

"It's bigger than I thought it would be," she remarked.

"How much space do we really need? We can be quite happy here. I won't have to chase you very far," he replied.

"I didn't plan on running very far," she giggled.

"We have a briefing to attend in ten minutes," he observed. "Even though we're like a couple of bunnies, I don't think we can accomplish much before the briefing."

"Oh, but after the briefing, we'll make up for lost time," she replied.

He held her into his body and kissed her. She kind of wriggled against him and he was instantly hard.

"Now see what you've done? I hope it goes away before we start down the corridor."

She laughed, "It's fun making you hard. Lucky for me, all I get is wet."

"When we get back from the briefing, I'm gonna dry you right up with my tongue!" he answered.

"So, my plan is working!" she laughed.

During the briefing they found out that ships 3 and 5 would be delayed due to problems with getting the last of their fuel pods into orbit. The Mars excursion vehicles were huge craft. Each one had all the mission essential equipment as insurance against unhappy endings for one or more of the ships. It had taken five years to assemble and fuel them in orbit. Now, three of them were loaded and ready. They would leave at intervals with Sterling's ship out first.

Back in their space after the briefing, they held each other tight and enjoyed some serious kisses.

"We don't leave until tomorrow so we've got some time to mess around while we're in orbit," he said.

"Mess around? We're not gonna mess around, we're gonna fuck!" she exclaimed.

"I'm so glad you turned out to be a nympho. You're gonna be years of amusement."

"Well see who is amused," she replied as she ran her hand into his flight suit and grabbed his cock. "See? It's already ready. Let's get on with it."

He unzipped her suit and hung it on the rack. She unzipped him and hung his on the rack. Now nude, toe to toe, in orbit, they settled into a geostationary sex fest. They climbed into the small sleeping space, strapped themselves in, in case the AGRAV failed and enjoyed a deep, deep kiss.

"I love being tied belly to belly with you," she exclaimed, "It's almost like bondage!"

"Yeah, but you're the slave," he chuckled.

"Stop messing around and gimme my cock."

"Okay," he agreed as he slipped it into her hot, wet pussy. "How's that?"

"Mmmmm, it's just right," she replied.

He thrust into her enjoying every nook and cranny of her sex. He knew every square inch of her pussy. It felt like home.

"Oh Sterling, I love the feel of your cock as it slides into me. I'm gonna fuck you all the way to Mars."

"Mmmm good," Sterling mumbled into her hair. "I should have thought of this tied up stuff before. We'll have to do this a lot even when we've got real gravity."

"Yes honey, this bondage thing has a lot going for it," Tanya whispered. 

She had that 'special' feeling deep inside of her and she knew her climax was on its way. Her pussy rippled on Sterling's cock. It swelled up larger in response to the intimate message.

"Gimme my juice!" she panted in his ear.

His hips started a very erratic motion as he lost control of his body. Her pussy clenched him tight and she felt the first rush of semen shooting into her. He grunted as he unloaded his nuts into her hot pussy.

"Oh God yes! Yes! Yes!" she screamed.

Tied together, they huffed and puffed down from their climax. His dick was still inside her. He kissed her tenderly.

"I love you Tanya. I want you to be with me always."

"You will be mine forever," she swore. 

They drifted off to sleep tied together, body and soul.

The alarm sounded at zero dark thirty. They reluctantly untied themselves and washed the night's activity from their bodies. They reported, as ordered, to the departure cell.

"We're really going," Sterling remarked as they entered the Mars excursion vehicle.

"Yes, we're off to make a new world for the human race," she answered.

The big vehicle's primary rocket motors fired and they rapidly accelerated out of Earth orbit. Ten minutes later with four of the eight big fuel tanks empty, the ion drive took over and they were on their way. They watched day by day as Earth faded into the distance.

"It's hard to believe that we'll never see Earth again," Tanya said.

"Well you never know. Thirty years from now they may have some kind of super ship that'll make the trip in a day or two," Sterling replied. "Let's go strap in."

She winked at him and led him to their space. "Oh boy, this is even better than the space station," she said as Sterling pulled the straps tight.

"I hope there's enough rope on Mars to make our own little bondage bed. I'll never let you go," he said.

She felt his cock slide into her. "You won't have a choice. The nearest divorce attorney will be thirty five million miles away."

"I guess I'll have to exhibit peak performance all the time," Sterling commented.

"Yes you will. You can start right now. Drill me hard!"

The ships traveled in a magnet bottle that deflected dangerous radiation. They were equipped with the lately developed artificial gravity devices and so were not bothered by the muscle atrophy and bone loss suffered by earlier space goers. They carried big reactors that produced lots of power for their devices including the ion drive. Travel in these ships wasn't like relaxing on a Florida beach, but it wasn't the torture of half a century ago.

As Earth faded away, Mars got brighter and brighter. Nearing trip's end, it was the biggest object in the sky while Earth was just a star in the blackness of space. The vehicle's rockets blasted them into a parking orbit while they prepared to land. The empty fuel tanks were jettisoned and made soft landings at the colony site. They would become part of the station. The pioneers boarded the landing module and they dropped out of orbit into the landing zone. Everything went as planned. The colonists exited the lander and walked through the airlock into the main colony compound. Most of the compound was below ground. It was a lot bigger than they had thought it would be. It was obvious that the construction crews had spent a lot of time digging and building. "Oh Sterling, this is going to be perfect. I hadn't expected anything this big!" Tanya remarked.

"It's a lot bigger than I thought it would be too. Boy, somebody has been busting their asses to make a home for us."

"I guess the first thing to do is to see to the set up of the hospital. No sense in taking chances!" she said.

Tanya and Sterling started the massive job of getting the colony together. The final ship arrived five weeks after they got there. They assembled everyone into what was serving as the town hall.

"First, we have to decide who our leader is going to be," Sterling addressed the group. "Second, we need a name for our colony. We'll elect the leader by secret ballot. There will be no political campaigning. We already know what kind of trouble that brings. Bill Higgins and I will set up the polling place and we'll vote tomorrow."

John Rush stood up, "Why so soon? Shouldn't we have a few days to mull this over?"

"That might lead to some inadvertent campaigning and we are going to do our best to avoid that. I'm pretty sure that all of you have already decided who you want to lead you so there is no real reason to wait. We want colony government to be fast, efficient and mostly invisible. Whoever wins the election should strive to make it so." Sterling replied. "Let's have a show of hands for tomorrow."

All but four held up their hands.

"Tomorrow it is then. We'll get busy and get set up. Voting will be tomorrow at eight in the morning."

The meeting came to an end and they all trotted off to attend to their duties. At the end of the shift Tanya came skipping into their space humming a little tune.

"What are you so happy about?" Sterling inquired.

"There is no doubt in my military mind that you are going to win the election which means I get to sleep with the President," she giggled, "In fact, I think I'll seduce you right now!"

"What makes you think that the President can be so easily seduced?" Sterling asked as she peeled his clothes from him.

"Oh, I don't know. You just look 'easy' to me."

"We'll see about easy," he said as he stripped her. She grabbed his rising cock. "See? I told you it would be easy!"

"I guess you were right. I'm just a pushover."

They fell together on the bed embracing each other. His hand went to her already wet pussy.

"Gee, you must be easy too," he observed.

She giggled as his dick slid into her quivering snatch. 

"You know, we've got to make some babies, don't you?" he asked, plowing through her fertile field.

"Colony medical wants us fully acclimated to Mars gravity first. I'll let you know when it's not just for fun. Right now it is just for fun so get with it!"

"Yes maam!"

Sterling's cock slid in and out faster and faster. Sweatier and sweatier. Better and better. Tanya was flexing her pussy muscles, driving him insane with love and lust. She felt him getting more and more erratic and knew the time was near, the time she loved the best, when he squirted into her.

"Oof, oof," he grunted.

This was it! She clenched his cock as hard as she could and felt his juices spray into her. She screamed as she came around his cock. They lay on their sides, belly to belly, still coupled.

"I hope our kids aren't little green people with antennae!" he said.

"Don't be foolish. I would never build something like that. Our kids will be Martians but they'll be normal."

"I wonder if all the other teams are having as much fun as we are," he commented.

"I hope so. This is too good for just one couple."

They got cleaned up and went to the central dining hall for dinner. People were smiling at them as they sat down. They got their meals from the dispenser and settle in for a good dinner. 

"I'll be glad when they get the synthesizers set up in our quarters," Sterling remarked.

"After a year of family style meals with the crew, it will be nice to eat alone," she replied. After dinner they walked down to the observatory and gazed out upon the barren Martian landscape. It was dry and dusty. The sky was a tawny color. Martian rovers scampered about, some manned, some on autopilot.

"I'm tired," yawned Sterling.

"Me too!" giggled Tanya.

Back in their quarters he pulled her into his body and kissed her.

"I figured that 'tired' stuff was just an excuse to have your way with me," she chuckled.

"So, my evil plot has been exposed! What shall my punishment be?" he asked.

"You are sentenced to overnight confinement in my pussy!" she laughed.

"I accept your judgment. Alas, a man's work is never done."

"We've got to find some rope somewhere. We need a little bondage. I love being tied to you." She declared.

"Until we find some rope I'll just have to hold you down as best as I can," he replied and rolled her onto her back.

Her legs popped open. "A woman's work is never done," she giggled.

His tongue traced a wet path from her navel to her mound. She writhed in happy anticipation. Her labia quivered as his tongue roved over their velvety smoothness. He lapped up the juices that were starting to flow. She moaned when he sucked her clit into his mouth and rubbed it rapidly with his tongue.

"Oh damn! Don't stop!" she begged.

Sterling had no intention of stopping. He licked and sucked, bringing her closer and closer to that magical place. She wriggled and twitched. Her orgasm was quickly approaching. Suddenly it took over her mind and body. Like a wild woman she bucked and screamed as he drove her over the top.

"You're killing me!" she screamed.

He slid up her body and planted his pole in her pussy. She was completely out of her mind with passion. He stroked like a mad man. God! She felt so good! Soon he too was in the midst of a mind wrenching climax. He rolled over beside her.

"That's how we Martians do it!" he remarked.

"I'm so glad I'm a Martian," she whispered.

She snuggled into his arms and sleep claimed them. She pressed her body into him as she slept. Early in the morning she woke up. Seeing him asleep, she seized the opportunity to drink from his fountain. When he woke up he was about ten seconds from orgasm.

"Oh damn!" he cried as he came fully awake and started cumming at the same time.
