 Fifi awoke in her small travelling tent, sweaty and miserable in the dead stuffy air. She'd be glad to complete this quest and be done with having to sleep through the heat of the afternoon. If being available at all times weren't so enjoyable she'd be tempted to end the arrangement, just to be able to sleep with the flap open. She crawled over to push the flap aside and emerge onto the hill where she and her companions were camped, savouring the cool breeze as it washed over her.

Bernard was quick to abandon their companions at the small cooking fire, "Evening Fifi, I've been waiting for you to wake up."

He unlaced his breeches to pull out his half hard cock, expectantly holding it in front of her face.

She shuffled around to kneel more comfortably, "You know I can't sleep in the heat."

She took his cock in her hand, sucking the head into her mouth to run her tongue around it.

He closed his eyes and let out a satisfied sigh as she sucked him off, bobbing her head further as he grew larger in her mouth. Once he was fully hard she began to play around and enjoy herself, alternating between flicking licks up his length and sucking him deep.

Over by the fire Thierry and Gabrielle sat watching her, Thierry finding it increasingly difficult to pay attention to the meat he was supposed to be cooking.

Gabrielle's eyes rolled, "Oh give it here, I'll finish dinner. I get the first go with her after the hunt though!"

Thierry barely acknowledged her in his haste to join the fun. He pulled out his cock and guided her hand to it, Fifi more than happy to start stroking him. A few seconds later she swapped, sucking Thierry into her mouth and stroking Bernard. Thierry moaned his satisfaction as he enjoyed her attention.

Fifi was enjoying herself too, the more of her friends she got to service at once the better; if only Gabrielle liked cocks as much as she did. There was no use lamenting such things though, not while she had two nice hard cocks to have fun with.

She began to swap back and forth more often, bobbing her head for a few seconds on one cock before turning back to the other. The men were panting and moaning above her as she worked her magic, after months of questing together she knew exactly what they liked.

Switching things up again she stroked one with each hand, lowering her mouth to lick Bernard's balls. His exclamations grew louder as she gently sucked one into her mouth, rolling it about her tongue, before releasing him to give Thierry the same treatment.

Gabrielle called out from the fire, "Dinner's ready and I'm not saving you any!"

Fifi pouted for a moment before internally shrugging, time to wrap up her fun then. A wicked thought entered her mind a moment later, if she could judge these two just right...

She began to stroke both of them faster, urging them on towards the finish. They responded, the exclamations of each building to a crescendo. Bernard felt like he was lagging behind, so she sped up that hand, trying to bring him back into line. By her expert judgement they only had seconds left, she quickly opened her mouth as wide as she could, angling them both towards her extended tongue.

Thierry exploded first, shooting most of his thick salty load onto her tongue before the rest dripped down her chin. She'd judged well though, and he was still spurting when Bernard exploded, adding his more bitter taste to the mix. When they were done she gulped quickly, swallowing what she'd managed to avoid spilling down her front. She gave each softening cock an affectionate kiss and then left the panting men behind as she went in search of the water pail.

Once she'd washed up she rejoined her friends by the fire, scooping herself a share of the rabbit and greens.

She screwed up her brow after a mouthful, "Needs more salt, I can barely taste the meat."

Gabrielle snorted, "I would have thought you'd had all you needed from your entremet."

Bernard cackled as Thierry snorted his broth out his nose.

"I'm sorry to say we ran out yesterday, if we don't catch this thing tonight we'll have to ride back into town to resupply."

With most of his dinner back where it should be Thierry spoke, "I'd much rather return successful, they were less than enthused to see us the first time, I shudder to think what they'll be like if we come back empty handed."

Bernard swallowed a mouthful of rabbit, "Can't say I blame them, from the sounds of things Seigneur Bellefeuille has turned robber trying to fund his war. It would explain why so many of our francs now rest with his toll keeper."

Gabrielle sighed heavily, "And as always it falls to us to deal with the details that are beneath the Seignurs. I'll start the coffee, it feels like another long night."

~~~

The four brushed down their horses, saddled them, and moved their tethers closer. Maille and helm were donned and swords buckled. Finally they planted their spears, poured their first cups of coffee, and sat down to wait.

For a week they'd been camped on this hill overlooking the same empty stretch of worn out road, hoping to catch the Malet Horse. The monster had been preying on weary travelers in the area for months, tempting them into it's saddle so it could spirit them away to their demise.

The locals wanted it gone, and so the Chevalières would get rid of it. Such was the life of those who hunted monsters. This monster though had so far refused to show itself, and so they waited. And waited.

Fifi's second cup of the night was running low when she caught movement in the distance. A minute later she was certain, they had a traveller. 

She gulped down the rest of her cup and gently gestured for attention, keeping her voice low, "We've got one, to the south. All alone looks like, the perfect victim."

Bernard was already scanning the road ahead, "Let's pray the creature shares your view."

Anxious minutes passed as the traveller drew closer, indeed alone and on foot. A tinker by the look of him; caught out between towns, or maybe trying to dodge tolls.

Bernard whispered, "There it is, see the glow?"

Fifi and the others followed his gaze, and sure enough there it was. A dim white glow rising from the ground to take the shape of a perfect white horse, saddled and bridled.

As one they moved quietly to their horses, unfastening the tethers and climbing up into their saddles. Fifi gave Phantasia's dark neck a gentle pat, whispering soothing sounds. The Malet was a spirit until something mortal anchored it, timing would be everything on this. If they charged too soon it would disappear back into the ground, too late and it would escape with its prey.

The tinker spotted the horse and began looking about for an owner. When none was forthcoming he crept slowly closer, still looking as if he expected someone to leap out and grab him. The four kept their horses as silent and still as possible as they watched him reach the horse below. He reached tentatively out to pat its shoulder, and when it offered no resistance reached for its saddle.

"Now!" Fifi spurred Phantasia forward, plucking her winged spear from the ground. The others followed suit, the four building speed as they urged their horses to begin the downhill charge.

The tinker, clearly unaccustomed to riding on horseback, was struggling to climb fully into the saddle. The horse turned at the sound of pounding hooves, its gaze fixing on the four riders charging down the hill with spears raised. It let out a sound like a horse's whinny heard from underwater and turned to flee south down the road. Unfortunately for the monster the tinker went with it, hanging half in the saddle and screaming. It made an attempt to buck him off, but he stubbornly clung on, screaming all the while. Unable to lose its anchor the horse resorted to simply outrunning them, accelerating into a full gallop.

Their downhill momentum served Fifi and her companions well, they veered their horses south as they flew down the slope, joining the road mere yards behind it. Memoire carried Thierry to the front, the little brown mare eager to remind them she was the quickest. Thierry lowered his spear as he drew closer, readying to strike as soon as he was in reach.

Not wanting to be left behind Fifi dug her heels in, urging Phantasia on. They drew ahead of Gabrielle and Bernard, Thierry finally closing the gap enough to strike. His first thrust missed, but he quickly thrust again, scoring a glancing blow. The cut was only light, but it was enough to draw a distorted screech from the monster.

It veered left away from him, and Fifi finally got within striking distance. She couldn't aim for its side without hitting the tinker, so she was forced to strike at it from behind. As she readied her strike the tinker's pack came undone, spilling its contents in Phantasia's path. She bucked at the sudden avalanche, and threw Fifi off balance.

Her spear struck its hind leg and was kicked from her weakened grasp in the process. There was a shout from behind as her companions avoided the errant weapon, but the blow had landed, the monster was slowing.

One leg limping badly their group quickly had it surrounded. Spears struck from three sides, the weakened monster screeching and barking as it collapsed.

The impact at last jarred the tinker loose, and now unbound the creature's outline began to grow misty. Bernard gave a wordless shout and leapt from his horse. He landed awkwardly but gripping the monster's saddle, it's outline snapped back into focus. Bernard clung on desperately as it thrashed beneath him with desperate strength. Thierry rode up alongside and plunged his spear up to the wings in its rump, holding on grimly as its struggles continued.

Fifi dismounted and drew her arming sword, Gabrielle discarding her spear to do the same. As Fifi drew near its head the monster's tongue flew at her. It was longer than any horse's should be and moved like a python. It wrapped around her ankle and tried to pull her off her feet. Fifi struggled to stay standing as Gabrielle ran to join her, raising and then bringing down her sword to sever the loathsome appendage.

The monster let forth a warbling scream as Fifi was freed. She immediately raised her own sword, swinging it like an executioner's axe. The blade bit deep into its neck but it did not bleed, nor had it bled from any of its other wounds. The monster's screeching grew more distorted as it weakened. Gabrielle swung her own blade and the job was done. Its head fell and all its sounds and movements ceased.

Bernard pulled himself to his feet, and Thierry freed his spear. They all stood round their quarry, hearts still racing from the rush of the hunt. Between them lay not a creature of flesh, but an alabaster statue carved in perfect likeness of the creature as it had perished.

~~~

They took the head for proof since it was the most recognisable part and already conveniently detached. The rest they left to slowly deteriorate in the next rain, it had done all the harm it could.

Gabrielle and Thierry rode back to watch the camp while Fifi and Bernard dropped the profusely grateful tinker within sight of town.

They returned to camp in triumph, the horses were given apples and relieved of their saddles while their riders discarded helms and spears and passed the wineskin around. Fifi sipped her share and waited for someone to make a move.

She hadn't even doffed her maille before Bernard moved up behind her to wrap his arms around her waist.

"Now that's over with, why don't we unwind?" As he spoke his hands began to roam up and down, Fifi grinning as she ground back into him.

Gabrielle quickly moved to break them up, "What did I say? I get first go with her, you can have her when I'm done."

Bernard reluctantly allowed her to take Fifi by the hand, blanket under one arm. They went a short way off into the trees, just far enough that the men wouldn't be able to see and hear all they did.

"You know you can take me in front of them, I don't mind," Fifi said as Gabrielle lay the blanket out in a clearing.

When she was done she seized Fifi by the hair, "I know you don't mind, I just don't want them staring at me. Now lay down."

The command came with a shove, Fifi letting herself fall to the blanket. She rolled onto her back and Gabrielle straddled her, silhouetted against the stars. Her yellow tresses surrounded Fifi as she descended for a kiss. Her tongue slipped across to dance with her lover's as her hands roamed across the curves beneath the cold steel links.

Fifi's hands slid up Gabrielle's legs to squeeze her butt through her breeches. Gabrielle began to kiss and nibble at Fifi's ears while her hands moved down to undo the belt holding her maille on.

"Get this off," she pulled Fifi up as she spoke, helping her to remove the armour and everything else obscuring her chest.

Once topless she was pinned to the ground again, Gabrielle massaging her breasts. She left a trail of kisses down her neck as she made her way to her nipples. Fifi melted beneath her as she was teased with teeth and tongue. One of Gabrielle's hands slid down her stomach to slip inside her pants, brushing over her hair as it approached her pussy. A single exploratory finger delved inside to find her getting wetter by the second.

Fifi whimpered as the finger withdrew, her lust burning as Gabrielle made a great show of slowly sucking it clean. The burning grew hotter as Gabrielle stood and slowly removed her top, Fifi's gaze fixed on her breasts as they came into view. She turned around as she bent over to tease her pants down, her butt slowly coming into view an inch at a time. Fifi wanted desperately to pull them down and dive face first into her pussy, but she knew she'd be slapped down; Gabrielle would let her taste her on her own terms.

Gabrielle allowed her only the briefest glimpse of the treasure between her legs before kneeling next to her on the blanket. Fifi's own pants were tugged just low enough to allow Gabrielle's fingers easy access, which they quickly took advantage of. She tried to pull herself up to suck Gabrielle's nipples but was pushed back down, whimpering with need.

"Stay down there, you're not going anywhere until I've finished you off."

Her fingers began to move with purpose as she spoke, following familiar patterns, playing Fifi like an instrument. She surrendered to the pleasure, let herself melt into her lover's touch.

Gabrielle knew her well, her skilled fingers needing only a few blissful minutes to bring her to a screaming orgasm. As she came down those fingers moved to her panting mouth. She eagerly licked at them, consuming her own tangy musk.

"You like that? Well I've got something that tastes even better."

Gabrielle shifted to straddle her face, her pussy tantalisingly close to her tongue, "Tell me what you want Fifi."

Fifi whimpered, "I want to taste you, please let me."

Gabrielle chuckled her satisfaction and dropped down to smother any further talk. Finally given free reign Fifi wasted no time delving her depths. Gabrielle let out a long sigh as her lover's tongue plunged in deep, devouring her sweet flavour. Craving satisfied at last Fifi's tongue withdrew and moved higher, flicking over her clit to small gasps of pleasure.

Gabrielle's hips ground slowly as she enjoyed her lover's attention, her quiet gasps and moans growing more urgent as her pleasure built. Fifi kept the pressure up, eager to take her pleasure all the way.

Gabrielle's movements were growing erratic, "Oh don't stop. I want, I'm almost, Fifi!"

Her shouting devolved into a wordless scream as she hit her limit, head thrown back to howl her pleasure to the stars above. Long seconds later her howl died down to a whimper, and then to exhausted panting.

Below her Fifi smiled with satisfaction at her handiwork, nothing made her happier than getting her friends off. For a well satisfied minute she lay below her, not able to see much but appreciating her with her other senses; hearing her panting for breath, feeling the soft skin of her thighs, her mouth and nose filled with her sweetness.

At last Gabrielle regained her composure and rose, Fifi's hands trailing after her, "No more?"

Gabrielle chuckled, "No, that's enough for me for tonight, but tomorrow would be nice. You should head back to camp, the boys won't let you sleep until they've had their turn."

Fifi moved to help pick things up as Gabrielle dressed, but was brushed away, "I'll bring your things, you're not going to need them for a little while."

Fifi gave her a peck as she laced her breeches, "You're an angel."

Gabrielle chuckled, "Hardly, but I am wonderful yes. Now go."

She gave Fifi's butt a slap as she sent her on her way, the evening air pleasant as she strolled the short distance back to camp still naked.

She found the boys by the rekindled fire, passing the wineskin back and forth. Their eyes lit up as they spotted her emerging from the trees.

By the time she'd entered the circle of firelight they'd risen to press up against her on both sides. 

She giggled with delight as their hands began to roam, "Miss me?"

Bernard gave her butt a firm squeeze, "Sorely, although it looks like you had plenty of fun without us."

He flicked his tongue across her lips, still sticky from her time between Gabrielle's legs, grinding his growing bulge against her thigh all the while.

"Savor it, it's the closest you'll ever get," Gabrielle said as she deposited Fifi's clothes at her tent. "Goodnight, try not to make too much noise."

Fifi tried to call back but was cut off by Bernard pulling her in for a rough kiss. She could feel both men were rock hard by now, being trapped between their increasingly animalistic groping adding fuel to her own rekindling fire.

Bernard ducked his head to suck one of her tits into his mouth, rolling it around his tongue. Thierry meanwhile had two fingers inside her, crooking them against her g-spot as he nibbled on her ear. This was why she only fucked her friends, they cared enough to make sure she enjoyed herself. And unlike strangers at taverns they knew what she wanted, to be used as a communal sex toy.

Bernard let her tits fall from his mouth, "I don't know about you Thierry but I can't wait any longer, on your hands and knees my sweet."

Fifi happily did as ordered, hungry for the hard cocks the men were pulling out. As soon as his pants were off Bernard knelt behind her, cock sliding up and down her well soaked pussy as he lined himself up. She gasped as he shoved himself in all at once, moaning in pleasure as he held still to let her get used to the sudden stretching. When her initial moan was trailing off he began to fuck her, quickly building speed, only interested in taking her. Thierry was slower and gentler, he let her take him into her mouth at her own pace, hand stroking her hair as she sucked him. Fifi was in heaven being filled at both ends, Bernard was rubbing her at almost the perfect rhythm, if he were just a little higher...

She let go of Thierry's cock with a pop, "I might come again, go harder, and downward more."

Behind her Bernard slowed and chuckled, "Harder you say? Well, you heard the lady."

He took a moment to raise his hips, and then began to hammer her even faster than before.

Thierry guided her mouth back onto his cock before plunging forward. He briefly filled her throat before pulling back to allow her to gasp for breath, and then he began the process again with more rhythm. He was soon fucking her face woth reckless abandon, spending more time filling her throat as she got warmed up.

He was a sweet young thing, the baby of the group, and he always needed some encouragement to get rough with her. Once he did though he was amazing, the man had a natural talent for using her like an object. As hard as he was treating her mouth though it still wasn't as hard as Bernard was using her pussy.
