 Alexander Caine, heir apparent of one of the wealthiest interstellar mining-conglomerate families in the entire solar system, was trying and failing to get into the swing of things. 

He was knee deep in tanned, oiled-up harem girls, but a nagging at the back of his mind refused to allow him to let go and fully enjoy the latest elaborate role-playing screw-party that his friend Bandar had come up with. 

He had to hand it to Bandar... No expense had been spared this time. Their host had arranged a whole building with a set and costume inventory fabricated for their use. The weekend was taking place on one of his country estates, and Bandar had flown in several dozen servants for their use over the course of the weekend. Some would be professional courtesans and independent sex contractors, others would be actually 'owned' (airtight lifetime contracts) by Bandar or whatever event co-ordinator he had hired to source prime flesh. 

Most of the girls would be from poorer planets, offered contract work when they reached their maturity. Others would be sophisticated vat-grown clones tailored, at great expense, for specific tastes, and packed with particular details and special features. Either way, a substantial amount of operant conditioning, gene therapy and erotic training would have been required before they were fully trained up for Elite usage. 

(Elite: In common parlance a shorthand term for the genetically and financially privileged 0.01% at the very peak of 3000AD's interstellar society.)

Alex guessed there were probably a few male servants floating around, for Lina's use if she wished. They would undoubtedly have the latest boosted sex drives and enhanced endowments.

The harem at the heart of the fantasy was a maze of honeycombed rooms, each filled with beds, saunas, piles of cushions or more unusual accoutrements. The private areas and narrow corridors all led back to the same central area, where a geothermic heated pool was topped by a huge Moorish dome. Scattered around the water were server-drones, equipped with cool drinks, narcotics and various snacks. Here and there a tap or pump rose from the ground, to dispense lubricant for anyone who needed it. 

Alexander, usually known simply as Alex, had already discarded his flimsy costume and was now buck-naked, his six-foot five-inch frame half-kneeling over one of the harem girls, who was sprawled on the heated tiles of the poolside. 

He'd more or less pounced on her at random, having gotten himself so worked up in the hovercar on the way over to Bandar's estate, reading the brief, that he hadn't really taken much time to look around. When he'd entered he'd simply made a bee-line for the nearest crowd of servant girls, knowing that Bandar's impeccable taste in flesh would mean that they would all be knock-outs.

And sure enough they were. The one underneath him, rubbing oil gently into his apple-sized balls and his trembling, baton-like cock, was the same bronze tan as all the rest that he could see, about three of them, clustered around urging him on and standing ready should he beckon them in to take part. 

The girl on the ground had a perfect heart-shaped face, with dark, liquid eyes and full lips, tinted a dark purple (almost black, in fact). She was in-keeping with the whole harem vibe, he guessed, being a sort of hyper-sexy arabian sex goddess, the kind of ripe slut that a prince of the desert might have carried off from a raid two and a half thousand years ago. The others were a variation on that theme, all with bee-stung lips and dark, exotic good looks. Their hair was cut various ways. Some wound into tight braids begging to be yanked on, others long and loose, for bunching up and gripping fistfuls of. 

Probably mainly sourced from one of the North African planets, he guessed, although almost any sex-industry planet could probably tailor-make a batch of girls like this up, given time and the right gene sequencing available to them. 

Each had a perfect, banging 'Class A' body, meaning they met the most stringent requirments of the Interstellar Elite Pleasure Oversight Body. The Oversight Body's omnbudsmen tested and evaluated widely to ensure that the Elite received only the finest in flesh for their pleasure. The 'Class B' and 'C' offerings were firmly directed towards the worker classes for their reward. 

'Class A' bodies were pretty much all Alex, Lina and Bandar had ever had to screw, given that they were amongst the most wealthy of the Elite scions on the scene, and with all of his Bandar's father's great fortune, amassed over one thousand years at this point, Bandar didn't have to put his genetically-enhanced cock in anything but the absolute best. 

'Class A' girls were the product of the same gene-splicing and careful scientific enhancement as the near perfect physique Alex and other members of the ruling Elite enjoyed. Soft, supple skin... Symmetrical, heart-stoppingly beautiful features, firm muscle-tone, carefully sculpted curves and the classic attributes that every Elite playboy wanted in his sexual playthings: Tits and ass. Despite the technological advances made possible by advanced biotech and cybernetics, some things never changed.

These harem girls exposed acres of tanned, firm bosom between them. Bronzed, jiggling tit flesh was everywhere Alex looked, begging to be slathered with oil and fucked hard. 'Class A' titties looked perfect, gravity-defying and topped by thick nipples. But they felt even better when wrapped around an Elite cock, guided up and down by skilled and slutty hands. Each of these servants had been carefully trained, mainly through extensive virtual reality programming, until they had the equivalent of a PhD in hands-on erotic expertise.

Grunting, Alex decided he'd had enough of the oil play he was enjoying from the girl underneath him. He liked them to rub his cock and balls as a prelude to sex, hoping that it might alleviate the 'problem' that he had been having of late. 

Like other male members of the Elite, Alex's enhancements were more drastic than those of the 'Class A' girls that he chose to take his pleasure with.

His tall frame was packed with boosted muscle, layered over reinforced ligaments and tendons. His bones had been treated, in the womb, with strengthening agents. Outwardly, he looked like an almost cartoonish superhero, a greek god brought to life. But underneath the skin his biochemistry and internal organs, many enhanced, were even more cunningly constructed and boosted. In addition to the enhanced strength and wellbeing offered by his honed physiology, there were suites of sophisticated communications and security devices implanted within major muscle groups (mainly lying dormant, admittedly, and rarely required in an Elite's day to day existence).

Aside from his steel-cable muscle tone, perfect metabolism and enhanced bodily functions, his reproductive system (his pleasure systems, more to the point) had been overhauled and significantly improved. His cock was a full fifteen inches when erect, and as thick as the wrist of some of the sluts he liked to stick it in. His balls were enlarged, to cope with his ehanced prostate function, apple-sized and invariably churning with hot cum. Under the skin, a thick auxilary system containing secondary pleasure centres and further sites for semen-production and storage ran from the base of his cock up into his lower abdomen, where a cybernetic double-prostate assisted the original prostate. A rich pleasure suite would heighten Alex's pleasure when he chose to orgasm... Or rather... When he was able to orgasm again....

...For at the moment, Alex was struggling with a rather rare problem. He put it down to some misfiring neural pathway that hooked up to his modified pleasure systems. So far he'd put off going to a medic about the whole issue, out of pure bloody-mindedness. He was, in plain speak, so 'backed up' and congested with semen that he had a constant case of 'super blue balls'. As uncomfortable as it was, and as keen as he was to jism into some tight hole or all over one of the harem sluts before him, he seemed to simply be unable to! 

He was, at this point, seriously missing the three-to-ten-minute orgasms of which he was ordinarily capable of enjoying... Orgasms so toe-curlingly satisfying that he had, in the beginning, sometimes passed out from sheer pleasure.

Groaning as the girl below him swiped a perfectly manicured finger over the puckered rosebud of his asshole, he grasped her by her hair (a mess of jet black braids) and flipped her roughly over onto her knees. Gasping with surprise, she found herself on her hands and knees, exposing a perfect ass to him. A fine gold chain bisected the perfect cheeks of her 'Class A' behind. Alex slapped her arse hard, watching the flesh jiggle pleasingly.

'Not bad, honey. You're good with your hands. Now we're going to see how tight this little ass of yours is.'

Bandar had outdone himself with this batch, Alex admitted to himself. This bitch had the sort of peachy yet yielding ass that never quit. Hooking a finger through the chain-thong, he snapped it cleanly and held it dangling in his right hand. A harem girl who so closely resembled the one in front of him that she could have been her sister materialised at his side. Without really looking he raised the chain to her lips and rain it over them. A moment later she opened her mouth and he slid the chain into it, in a small ball. The busty slut backed out of sight, but a moment later he felt an oiled hand run down his back and begin to skillfully tease his asshole. 'Class A' girls were trained to note the sexual likes and dislikes of the Elite they serviced, and this one had evidently noted how he'd responded to the finger grazing his ass earlier.

Why not, he mused... Perhaps a skilled finger up his ass, in due course, could help unclog whatever his cum-shooting problem was. His ass, like most Elite's, had been modified for additional pleasure through the addition of extra nerve endings. 

Growling, he took his penis in his his left hand and grabbed a handful of braids, pulling the slave girl in front of him back up against his muscled thighs. Her ass felt oily, soft and springy firm, all at once. Alex used his free hand to rub a thumb up through the cleft of her ass, making sure to give a firm scouring to her asshole. The girl whimpered, but he felt her ass flex with pleasure at the slight intrusion of his thumb. 

'Yeah... I guess you liked that, huh? You're lucky! A few thousand years ago I would be giving you a cock and you wouldn't have any of the fancy genetic engineering to let you properly enjoy the whole thing!'

Alex brought the thumb to his mouth and put it in, sucking thoughtfully. Bandar always insisted his girls have a few trademark touches. One of them was that each of his girls was 'flavoured' differently, because Bandar wanted anyone who was tasting his playthings with a sense of how refined he was.

'Vanilla', Alex laughed. The girls around him cooed with pleasure, including the one in front of him. 'Your ass tastes like vanilla.... Hmm... I think I preferred the mint flavouring from last month though. More refreshing. But the hell with it, let's see how how you handle me...'

Alex then wedged the head of his thick cock against the girl's asshole, and prepared to make his entry. He could feel a hot warmth from her orfice, and the pleasing sensation of her firm cheeks on either side of him. In the warmth of the harem setting the girl was perspiring gently, and salty sweat beaded pleasantly on her ass and lower back. 

The head of his penis was a mass of nerve endings but also designed to be durable and relatively forgiving on the bodies of his fuck toys. The bulbous head, with an enlarged, winking, eye, was firm to the touch but not overly hard. It leaked a synthetic lubricant during sex, a sort of precum, which was also laced with a narcotic. The women he chose to screw could become, quite literally, addicted to his cock if they were exposed to the agent enough times. The enlarged eye, of course, was to help enable him to release the prodigious amounts of cum his cock was ordinarily capable of spurting.

For a moment, before he buggered her, he considered asking the girl what her designation was (they all tended to have names, simple ones, in case an Elite wished to actually buy them for long-term use after a jaunt was over, or wished to single them out for a special bonus). But really, thought Alex, did her name matter a jot to him when all he wanted to was to get rid of this load of cum that was making him feel so backed-up?

Grunting, he pushed his cock into her, simultaneously hauling her head back sharply. The giant head burrowed past the ring of her ass, and there was only a momentary resistance before it slickly gave to him. Alex sighed as he felt his bulbous tool push into the girl's yielding anal passage. His free hand began roughly squeezing her cheeks as he began to thrust smoothly. He never seemed to tire of anal, and it was usually a sure-fire recipe for blowing a load. 'Class A' girls had drum-tight anal channels once you were inside, them, and every now and then Bandar would throw in one with a bit of extra enhancement for a bit of a laugh.

This one appeared to be one of the special ones, and he'd hit upon her by pure chance, thought Alex!

Her anus appeared to have been boosted with a simple but effective enhancement. The tight ring of muscle had undoubtedly been modded for added elasticity and strength, but it had evidently also been tweaked for what was commonly called 'oscillation'. Her ringpiece was fluttering open and closed repeatedly on his cock.... Tight one minute (what could be called 'open') and then spasming shut suddenly ('closed'). The effect, like a handjob performed by her talented ringpiece, was immensely pleasurable as he slid his penis in and out. His bulbous head seemed to be rebounding off this and that deep inside her bowels, and that sensation was also quite pleasurable.

But, not pleasurable enough.

Despite buggering the harem girl for all he was worth, the churning in his balls did not feel like nearing eruption.

After some 20 minutes of play which felt like it was beginning to border on 'work', Alex gave in and slid his penis without ceremony from the harem girl, who slumped in the tiles and panted. She probably weighed in at a mere sixty five kilos, if that, and sex with Alex's one hundred and twenty kilo body was practically an athletic event! Her asshole, visible between her pefect cheeks, continued to oscillate open and closed. A pair of big-titted babes knelt in front of Alex as he came slowly to his feet, grimacing in frustration. He allowed on of them, with dark ringlets and an unusually large chest (even for a 'Class A') to tongue-bath his penis, scouring off whatever internal juices (vanilla-flavoured or not) coated his cock.

'Hmm...' Alex sighed. 'This isn't really doing it for me. Bring me to wherever Bandar and Lina are. Now.'

The busty harem girl nodded swiftly, and rose to her feet. Like most of their kind, the 'Class A' girls around him were designed to be, on average, no more than five ten. The Elite, tending to tower above six feet (even the females) tended to lord it over their playthings in height terms as well as in every other way. Some Elites even went as far as stretching to eight feet, although Alex felt that such size was overkill. As he walked, Alex barely noticed the perfect ass which swayed in front of him, bisected by a similar golden chain to the one he'd lately torn off his toy. 

Bandar and Lina turned out to be down a winding side-tunnel, in a perfumed alcove filled with cushions, divans and a large padded matted area which resembled a great bed set into a floor. The room was like a giant bed-chamber, clearly designed for one or more Elite to enjoy an orgy in semi-private.

'I hope I'm not interrupting' Alex shouted at the tangled flesh-piles in front of him. 

Bandar waved a hand, cheerily. One of Alex's oldest friends, he was clearly enjoying a sexual fantasy with this harem which was close to his family roots in the distant past. 

He was the sculpted ideal of an Arab prince of the desert, all golden skin and dashing good looks (even with his deliberately imperfect hooked nose), reclining on a pile of cushions, receiving a hand massage from a veiled, busty beauty on his left and right. They were rubbing scented oils into Bandar's hands, lingering over each finger. The veils, obscuring all of their faces except teasing kohl-darkened eyes, were pure theatre and typical of Bandar.

Bandar was unusually short for an Elite, coming to only six-feet two-inches tall. However, he had the powerful musculature of someone designed mainly for low gravity planetary life (and indeed, many of Bandar's family investments were on such planets). He must have weighed in at nearly one hundred and forty kilos of pure beef, guessed Alex. His friend had massive, sloping traps, enormous arms and a thick body cabled with muscle all over. Around one of Bandar's forearms wrapped a curious black tribal tattoo which he claimed he had gotten hand-poked in the traditional fashion on some back-water planet.

The focus of Bandar's attention was the impressive specimen bouncing up and down in front of him on his penis. This particular 'Class A' was clearly an expensive specimen.

'Amazing, isn't she?' Bandar gasped in pleasure, incling his head at the woman riding him. 'I imported her from New Sweden. I know she's not very 'period correct' for today's harem fantasy, but I was mad to try her out again. Err.. And I suppose we could say she's some kind of captured viking slave, brought back to pleasure the master of the harem, or something... It's weak I know, but look at the tits on her! I call her Kristina...'

Kristina was a knockout, clearly based on the archetypical "old earth" Scandinavian blonde that formed the base for many, many 'Class A' girls, and perhaps a majority of the 'Class B' and 'Class C' girls that the underclasses were able to pay to spend time with. 

She was unusually tall, for a made-to-order sex servant- flirting with breaking the six foot height barrier. It would not have been illegal if she were taller, but it would have been considered a breach of decorum. Elites, as a rule, preferred it if the help were immediately recognisable by their lower height. 

She looked like some kind of barbarian viking princess, capable for warding off a bearded raider with a sword, if it came to it. There was some pretty solid muscle on her frame. Despite the hard-body, however, she was evidently still blessed with abundant tits and ass, as evidenced by the perfect rack which she massaged and rubbed oil into under Bandar's gaze. Alex could make out a delightful little pink ringpiece peeking out from between perfect ass cheeks. Luxurious blond hair cascaded down her back in an artfully arranged mess. Completing the barbarian playmate look was a lusty, fulsomely good-looking face, a button nose and full, inviting, lips.

Licking his lips, he found himself wondering what Bandar had had her flavoured with? Ice wine? Strawberries? Mint again?

Bandar grunted as Kristina skillfully rode his massive cock, grinding her wet pussy down on the shaft. A squelching noise filled the chamber, and over that the woman added a constant decadent moaning and gasping. Bandar was pleasantly endowed, and his penis was likely capable of secreting the same pleasure-enhancing drugs as Alex's own, he guessed. If Bandar had fucked Kirstina several times since he'd signed for her delivery, the chances were she was already totally hooked on his man meat.

'You like Bandar's little toy, Alex?'

The sultry voice was that of Lina, the other Elite in his circle of friends. She was the favoured daughter of a well-connected shipbuilding magnate. 
