 Callie Trent removed her glasses and bobbed down in order to more closely examine the creature that was undulating in the tank. She shrank back in alarm as it began to thrash against the glass beside her head, clearly agitated by the sight of her. Looking up at her boss Dr David Barnard, her brow wrinkled with puzzlement. "Is this what you wanted me to see? Your secret research? Frankly David, it's hideous."

Her boss pulled a terse face. "Hideous? Yes maybe it is, but it's also a scientific breakthrough and one that I have achieved single handed - and I have to admit totally unethically and without authorisation!"

His young assistant coughed nervously as she stood up and stepped away from the writhing beast. "If you don't mind my saying so, what makes it so weird and awful is that it looks just like...like, well you know?"

Barnard laughed. "Yes, a human penis. It is indeed the perfect phallus, but larger of course. I take it you've heard of the Chinese penis fish?"

Callie blushed. Dr David was at least fifteen years her senior and their relationship was formal. She was the gauche lab assistant whose donkey work helped to make his great advances in animal and human genetics possible; they had never once discussed sex or genitalia! "No," she flustered, "I've never heard of such a thing. Is that what this is?"

"Yes and no is the answer. The penis fish is a curious species and is in fact a worm. It is eaten in Korea and closely resembles a pink uncircumcised human penis. This is not a penis fish however."

Blood rushed to Callie's face; naturally blond and pale skinned her embarrassment always made her glow like a beacon. So many uses of the word 'penis' in one sentence were not part of their day to day conversation, this was new and uneasy territory. "What on earth is it then?" she mumbled, looking at his lab coat lapel rather than his face. There was a pause, a long pause as the doctor rubbed his chin, considering his answer.

"What it is, is an artificially created hybrid. I have long been interested in the idea of combining animal and human features which closely resemble each other."

Callie was alarmed by this revelation. "But what on earth would be the point?"

Barnard smiled in a self-satisfied, slightly leering manner; it was not one that she was at all used to.

"No point at all apart from curiosity. I saw that these worms looked like penises and so I wanted to combine them with penises. I wanted to see if it was possible and what the resulting creation could and would do." He paused, holding her gaze. "I injected fertilized eggs from the worms with living tissue culture - cells from my own penis as it happens. Most died but a few continued to divide. In the end only three hatched and this beauty is the sole survivor."

Callie stared at him open mouthed. He had broken every boundary, but achieved the impossible as well. This experiment was bizarre, unethical and wrong, so wrong but it was also fascinating and maybe weirdly stimulating. Perhaps she could sort of see why he'd done it. She gazed again at the thing in the tank - a fish/penis chimera. Her experience with men's genitals was quite limited, but even she could see how its head end bulged like a glans and in the middle of it a tiny hole -mouth opened and closed. Callie shivered involuntarily at the thought that she might be staring at a copy of the doctor's penis. Surely his could never be that size? "Why's it so big?" she whispered.

Barnard appeared not to hear her and tapped on the glass, trying to distract the creature as it continued to violently thrash in front of Callie. It ignored his efforts. Sighing impatiently, he glanced across at her. "Hybrid vigour I would imagine," he said, "just one of the amazing attributes of my Frankencock fish. And together Ms Trent I hope we will discover many more!"

Later that afternoon Callie found herself alone in the lab with the creature that she was now beginning to think of as the chimera or 'Chi' as a nickname . The doctor had left for an evening meeting and had given her strict instructions that the tank containing the marvel should be placed in a locked cupboard, the only keys of which were in his own hands. Callie was about to lift the tank, when glancing down at the undulating beast, she had an odd desire to make contact with the thing, to stroke it, pet it even. It was a sure thing it could not bite as there were no teeth evident in that freaky opening and closing hole.

Removing the lid, she was just about to reach in when to her shock and surprise Chi broke the surface and leapt from the tank, landing on the floor and sidewinding at speed like some fleshy snake. Stepping back in horror, Callie slipped on the wet floor and landed heavily, her legs shooting up into the air. In a flash, before she had time to register what was happening, the penis creature had shot between her thighs and had burrowed its head under the thin silky slip of her panties. Callie screamed, cursing herself for coming to work in a skirt today of all days. Frantically she tried to grasp the pink, squirming shaft but its wetness and speed made it impossible. With a swift lunge it pushed its way up inside her. It must have been at least twelve inches in length, and goodness it felt like every one of them had been inserted! To her alarm, and then shockingly her delight, the thing began to push itself in and out of her. It did not feel soft and flaccid but hard - wonderfully hard. This was wrong, incredibly wrong but it felt so good plunging and stimulating. Reaching down to make a token effort to remove it, Callie realised with amazement that very nearly its whole length was indeed inside her. Leaning back and wiggling out of her knickers, her fingers came to rest on her clit. Giddy now with the excitement of doing something so wanton and horrifically wrong, she began to rub and circle her spot of pleasure.

Opening her legs wider, she felt the whole of the thing slip even deeper inside. No cock had ever filled her like this. It pulsed and drove itself harder and as its speed increased so did the movement of her fingers. Callie had a sudden vision of what it would be like if Doctor David were to return from his meeting to check up and see her and the penis thing like this. Would he be alarmed or aroused she wondered? Would his strong jaw relax as he gave her a lewd and knowing smile? Would he be turned on watching her being fucked by this part copy of his own dick?

It seemed as if Frank sensed her arousal at these thoughts. The shaft of the creature seemed to thicken even more and its movements inside her became frantically rapid, there was no doubt now that it was desperate to reach its climax. Closing her eyes, Callie imagined Doctor David's rather handsome face soft with lust looking down at her filled pussy. She imagined that his own cock was hard in his hand, the red glans oozing ready to explode. The creature seemed to pulse to an enormous size as it jammed hard into her innermost part, and ecstatically her vaginal walls contracted with it. Moaning with the fluttering pulsing pleasure Callie gave herself over to the final throes of bliss.

She was aware of something thin and wet sliding from her. Her well fucked hole gaped from the considerable stretching, but it felt good and she felt satiated. She lay for some while dreamily recovering from the intensity of her orgasm. When she finally stood up she gave a little shriek at the sight of the penis worm lying upon the floor - it was wet, shrunken and totally still. Was it possible that she'd killed it by letting it enter her? How could she ever explain this one to the doctor?

Gingerly, she reached down and picked it up with thumb and finger, it hung motionless, limp and flaccid. Her heart beat fearfully - a scientific miracle and she'd shagged it to death it seemed. Dropping it back into the tank, Callie speculated about the levels of annoyance and disappointment that its demise would bring about in the doctor. Gloomily she watched it sink. Suddenly a small twist and a flick! It began to move and its tiny hole opened and closed. Callie gave a little squeak of delight - it lived.

As she carried the tank over to the cupboard, she became aware of her own wetness. Fluid that was more than just her own juices was smearing the inside of her thigh - the thing appeared to have ejaculated something inside her. A slight unease crept over Callie as she realised that she'd just had unprotected sex with heaven knows what!

*

The next morning at work, Callie was agitated. She'd spent a restless night worrying about what the creature had deposited inside her and feeling increasingly guilty about what she'd done with it. Doctor David meanwhile, continued to fuss over Chi, speculating about strength of its nutrient solution and whether the beast was yet fully grown.

"The thing that intrigues me most Miss Trent is whether such a genetic mixture is capable of reaching sexual maturity. Is it possible for such a thing to produce sperm? Would it even choose to mate with a human or another worm if given a choice?"

Callie blushed. Why was he saying such things? It almost seemed that he was reading her mind about what had taken place and was going out of his way to embarrass her. Of course that was impossible, but she felt awkward and ill at ease this morning. Her reticence did not go unnoticed.

"Miss Trent - Callie. Are you feeling well? You seem very preoccupied and not your bright and curious self at all."

Looking up into his concerned grey eyes, Callie suddenly felt that she had no choice but to confess what had happened; after all if she was in trouble then David Barnard was probably the only person that could help her, and she could afford to be a little economical with the truth.

Flushing wildly, she looked at the floor as she spoke.

"I'm not OK doctor, in fact I'm very worried. Last night when I went to put the penis chimera creature away, I moved the lid and it got out." She paused, hoping that the white lie she was going to tell would not catch her out. "Anyway, the thing leapt from the tank and I slipped on the water and fell. While I was on the floor it assaulted me - got inside me and thrust about. I think it must have ejaculated something into me because I felt all wet down there after it came out."

Barnard's eyes were wide with surprise and he raked a hand through the greying strands at his temples. "You mean to say that the thing entered your vagina - penetrated you and proceeded to climax?"

Looking shamefully up, face crimson, Callie nodded.

"Why didn't you shout for help girl, or pull it out of you to stop it?"

Callie blushed even deeper. "It's very strong," she said weakly, "there was very little I could do. I had to let it finish."

Barnard eyed her critically. Could he guess that she'd decided to lie back and enjoy the ride Callie wondered? Whatever the truth of his ponderings though, there was another problem that she needed sorting immediately.

"The problem is doctor, I'm worried about what it left inside me when it came. Was it sperm? Could that thing have got me pregnant? I'm not on the pill after all."

The doctor continued to stare bemusedly at her for some while before answering.

"Highly unlikely. We know that hybrid species are invariably sterile, and this thing is more hybrid than most. Still, probably best not to take any chances and there's one way we can quickly find out. Follow me."

Fifteen minutes later Callie found herself two floors up in a small brightly lit clinical room; she was on a patient couch with her legs raised, her blue lacy knickers lay discarded on the floor. Doctor David stood to one side of her, angling a bright light between her legs. Callie could see a metal speculum glinting in the top pocket of his lab coat. She winced a little as his fingers parted her inner lips and spread them wide. Looking up into her nervous face, his expression was difficult to read.

"Lucky for us that you have just a shower and no bath tub. Water up here would have washed all traces away. Deep breath, here it comes."

He inserted the speculum, pushing it gently up inside her. It was cold and it felt huge, bigger than Chi even. Callie felt it expand - God it was uncomfortable. Looking down she saw that the top of the doctor's dark head was extremely close to her vulva. She gave a small yelp as something was scraped deep inside her several times. Her secretions were tapped into a glass phial and the doctor held it aloft so that she could see them running down the sides. Barnard was smiling strangely as he examined them. Removing the speculum he spoke.

"Plenty to look at there. Later on I'll stick them under the microscope and we'll see what's going on in the things spunk."

Callie looked puzzled. "Why later? Can't you just get on and look now?"

Barnard continued to smile, and there was something laconic and dangerous in his gaze.

"I'll look later. I just need to check you genital area, to see if the beast damaged you in any way." Without explanation or warning his now ungloved fingers plunged deep inside her, circling the walls of her vagina, round and round. His thumb pushed insistently against her clit at the same time; Callie quickly realised that this was no medical exam. A small part of her wanted to protest, to resist, but her mind was drawn back to her fantasy from the day before of Barnard, cock in hand, watching as the chimera ravished her. Yes she wanted this, even as sore as she was from the medical probing. She felt her cunt moistening and her clit growing large and firm under his insistent pressure. Letting her head fall back, she pulled her legs further up and apart. Barnard's fingers moved harder and faster, his voice was rough with lust.

"I think, Miss Trent that you have been a very naughty girl. You fucked my creation and used it for your own pleasure. No doubt its size turned you on. Is that not the case?"

Callie nodded, smiling at his wicked teasing. "Yes, yes. I have been very bad. I fucked the thing and it made me come." She paused, wondering how best to lead this on for both of them. "So tell me doctor what happens to very bad girls like me?" she asked with exaggerated innocence.

The doctor drew back, removing his hand. Callie now felt that her whole slit was alive with sensation and groaned as the source of her pleasure was removed. Kneeling between her thighs, Barnard parted his lab coat and Callie gasped at the size of the erect cock that stuck out from his fly. It's resemblance to Chi was unmistakable and it was very nearly as long as the beast. Very slowly the doctor ran his hand up and down the thick shaft, pulling back the foreskin and revealing a fat puce glans, moist with pre come. His leer was irresistible.

"This is what happens to bad girls like you Miss Trent. The cock of a real man shafts them until they are truly sorry and sore!" Deftly he forced down his erection with one hand and pushed it roughly inside her. Callie groaned softly with pleasure before her eyes widened with sudden horror.

"David...Doctor? We're not taking precautions. If the creature hasn't got me pregnant then I don't want you to."

Barnard did not break the rhythm he had begun, as he systematically withdrew nearly his whole shaft and plunged it back inside her in long, even strokes; his heavy balls slapping against her anus. Holding her gaze as he took pleasure from her cunt, he gave a grin.

"Callie, I had the snip shortly before my second divorce. I can assure you that this cannon fires only blanks!"

Reassured, Callie pulled her thighs further apart, allowing him deeper access. The doctor bore down upon her, the ruching of his lab coat grinding pleasantly against her clit and increasing the sensation of him inside her. He grunted, speaking in short sentences.

"God, it's so good to be inside you - wet and tight. My dick's in heaven...wanted for so long to do this to you."

The thought that he'd secretly lusted after her was thrilling to Callie. Had he regularly gone home from work and masturbated whilst thinking of her she wondered? The idea was thrilling. Moving her hand down, she felt under the fabric for her clit - it felt hard and jutting and she rubbed at it quickly, relishing the waves of building excitement that it sent through her. Barnard had quickened his pace and his cock was full inside her in quick strokes - ball deep. Aggressively he pulled open the snaps on her lab coat and ripped open her blouse. Pushing up her bra he moaned at the sight of her small, firm breasts and kneaded them with one hand, before lowering his head and licking and teasing her nipples with his tongue.

As he explored the mounds of her flesh with his mouth, he began to move even more quickly. It was good, very good but Callie knew that she was not close to her own orgasm. Pulling back and gripping him with her thighs she attempted to slow the pace - she needed longer, a slower rising rhythm to trigger her explosion, but he was too desperate to come inside her. Biting her breasts with some force, Barnard pushed harder into her and pounded harder to break her grip. Callie shut her eyes, it was not going to happen for her. With a yelping shout the doctor reached peak force before culminating in several deep thrusts. Callie felt the twitch of his cock inside her but it was not enough to make her come. She thought of the warm jets of spunk that were filling her cunt and wryly considered that Chi had succeeded where his creator had just failed!

Fifteen minutes later, and Callie and Barnard had, with some awkwardness after their desperate passion, reordered their clothing and returned to their own lab. The doctor prepared the slide of the beast's secretions, and on his instruction Callie removed the tank from the cupboard.

As she carried it to the bench, the creature inside again thrashed madly against the glass. How strange she thought, it seemed to possess no eye but in her presence it became animated. As she stared at it Barnard's voice rang loudly across the room.

"Good news Miss Trent. Absolutely no evidence of anything resembling sperm in that sample. The beast is sterile and you are safe!" He winked at her knowingly.

Callie gave a breathy whistle of thanks, relieved that her lust for a disembodied cock had led to nothing more than a particularly good shafting and a moment of enjoyable madness with the debonair doctor.

"Great. Thank you. That would have been an awkward conversation with the gynaecologist." She laughed nervously and turned back to the tank. Her laughing stopped abruptly. "Oh good heavens doctor, just look at the chimera! Oh my Lord!"

Her boss walked over to the tank, his eyes not leaving the creature bobbing in the solution. A look of rapt fascination spread over his face at the sight - instead of loosely looping and undulating, the thing was stiff and rigid and hugely increased in size.

"My God!" He whispered, staring at it. "Just look at it Miss Trent. It seems that your presence has made it erect. Just look at the strong tendon cords and the enormous size of the glans or head. This is astounding." He paused before looking at her, his eyes shining with excitement. "I think Miss Callie Trent that we are both on the edge of some great discoveries - it seems that your exploits with this thing are not yet over!"

*To be continued.