 The boat slipped slowly through the fog as the captain steered through the blindness using only the radar and the depth finder. He backed the engines down as the chartered vessel approached the shrouded shore. The engines stopped at ten feet of depth and the anchor was dropped. The boat's skiff was lowered into the water with all of our research equipment and personal items stowed inside. The research group consisted of me, two female researchers, Natalie and Alisha, and two female students, Jessica and Lily. When the skiff reached the shore, the equipment was unloaded and I disembarked. The skiff made one more round trip between the boat and the island to ferry my colleagues.

As soon as the skiff was empty, it departed to the boat, which left the Pacific remote island in order for the transport vessel to avoid the rough seas that were forecasted. As soon as the boat disappeared into the foggy silence, we carried everything inland to a clearing and set up our camp. 

After the camp's set-up was completed, I informed Natalie that I was going to reconnoiter the island to get a lay of the land. I instructed that no one was to come after me unless I signaled that there was trouble. After about an hour had passed, I came upon a compound consisting of a main house, a couple bunkhouse type buildings and bungalows and a few utility and specialty type buildings.

I then proceeded further around the island and came full circle back to the camp. I found Alisha and Natalie, my research partners setting up the equipment and informed them of what I had found. Lily and Jessica, the students in the party, subsequently came along to report the results of their nearby foraging. We set up the sleeping tents, cooked, and ate dinner then all turned in for the night in our respective tents.

Early the next morning, after breakfast, I informed the team that I was going back to check out the compound, again giving a warning about avoiding whoever was in the compound until the threat had been ascertained, and I proceeded off through the forest. Upon arrival at the compound, I slipped through the main gate and went up to the main residence. I knocked on the door, and after what seemed like an eternity, the door opened and a rather distinguished looking man opened the door. I introduced myself and explained the purpose of my being on the island as my small craft had hit a reef and that I had drifted to the island. I withheld the existence of the research party and its size. The man said his name was Dr. Fillion and he was a scientist that has been doing DNA research. 

He asked me into the parlor and bade me to sit down. He went over to a cabinet and poured a couple glasses of whiskey and brought them over and handed me one. The doctor sat down and we proceeded to discuss our various research specialties. He was a little evasive about his activities which I thought was fairly odd. My vision suddenly got blurry and I began to feel somewhat disoriented and realized that I was about to pass out.


I awoke in what I assumed to be his laboratory. I saw a young woman who appeared to be of Polynesian origin walking around the lab in a long lab coat. When she noticed that I was stirring awake, she hastily exited the room. Momentarily, the doctor came into the room and spoke to me. "I see you are awake. You were bitten by a spider that is endemic to this island and it has an unnoticeable bite and slow acting poison. Take it easy, the bite left a rather nasty mark after a while." He pointed at the discoloration on my leg. He said, "I will leave you to recover." With that, he hurriedly left the room and I slipped back into unconsciousness.

When I woke up again, it was dark and the young lady was standing over me tending to my welfare. Despite the darkness, I could tell she was beautiful, so when she leaned over and gave me a deep passionate kiss, I did not resist and reciprocated fully. When the kiss broke, she spoke to me and said her name was Lotus. 

I noticed that we were in a different room from the first time that woke up. I was in a normal bed in this room. I could see that Lotus was removing her lab coat. She then crawled into the bed with me at which moment I realized that my clothes had been removed. We proceeded to kiss passionately until she crawled on top of me, took my cock in her hand and guided it in to her pussy. She then lowered herself down onto me, locked her mouth onto mine and rode me wildly and intensely. We continued to fuck wildly as her pussy gripped my cock and pulsated around it with a velvety wetness. We continued until she shuddered in a violent orgasm which caused her vagina to grip my penis in a vise-like grip that caused me to shoot forcefully deep inside her. Her pussy continued milk my cock until her climax subsided. As our mutual climaxes tapered off, she kissed me tenderly and repeatedly until we both fell asleep.


As I began to stir awake at daybreak, I felt something strange wrapped around my thigh. I reached under the blanket and felt something long, soft, firm, and about an inch or so thick. I lifted the blanket up to look under it. I was taken aback by what appeared to be long tail. I followed it with my hand, upward until I felt the body to which it was attached. I pulled the blanket aside and was astonished by the sight that I gazed upon. Beside me was the beautiful, erotic looking Lotus. Her body was covered in short hair with coloring and pattern similar to a Siamese cat. She had a long, tail covered in black hair attached to the base of her spine. Her hair was long and black and tapered into her body hair. Her hair was parted by ears that looked catlike and had been previously covered by a medical scrubs cap. Her face was devoid of hair save fine sideburns that melded into the hair on her neck. Her eyes, I was soon to notice when the light increased had catlike pupils. 

She woke up while I was beholding the magnificent sight before me. She pulled back somewhat and began to cry. When she lifted her arms to hide her face, I then noticed that she also was endowed with four breasts. The upper pair, which were impressive were positioned where a woman's normally are and the lower pair were slightly smaller and positioned immediately below them, slightly supporting the upper pair.

I begged her not cry. She sobbed that she knew that I would reject her when I saw her in the light. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I told her that she was completely wrong. I assured her that she was absolutely beautiful, very unique, and that she was the best lover that I had ever had. As I looked deeply into her eyes, I saw that she was beginning to believe me. I asked her to tell me what her situation was and how she came to be here in her current state of existence and being.

She proceeded to explain that she was brought here from her island some distance away against her will. She had given up trying to escape after some time and that Fillion had not mistreated her other than to give her an injection, after which she had begun to change into the form in which she now was condemned to remain. She said that there are other animals in the compound that he uses as laborers and experimental subjects. 

I asked her what kind of other beings were here and she replied that there was one man that had arrived on the island that had been experimented on. He had been part of the Doctor's project on monkeys and chimpanzees. That experiment had made him into a human/chimpanzee hybrid as well as some other people from her island and the monkeys and chimps had been made almost human and were also used as his physical workers. She said that she was relatively highly educated and spoke perfect English and French she was saved for what the Doctor felt were his more highly advanced experimental serums.

Lotus said she had been injected with a feline serum and had only had her body altered through the experiment to which she had been subjected. Otherwise, only her libido had been altered and increased. She said that she had been kept chaste until last night.

The question now was what had been in the syringe with which I was injected. It suddenly had occurred to me that the team that I was with could be in danger. I needed to get to them as soon as I possibly could. I decided that I must figure a way to get to them unnoticed and spread the word. 

Over the course of the day, Lotus had left my company only to bring meals to me. That evening, I lay down with Lotus and talked with her at length and got to know her better. We proceeded to make out some and arouse the passions we experienced the previous night. She proceeded to kiss me all over my body. She worked her way down to my cock and licked and kissed it completely and intensely. She sucked me and fellated me to the point that I thought it would burst. After I could no longer stand the sensational overload, I let go and pumped my semen down her eager throat. Her mouth then vacated my cock, she moved up to kiss me, and thrust her tongue deep into my mouth and kissed me deeply and passionately for what seemed like forever. 

I managed to wrestle her onto her back and while we continued to kiss deeply and intensely, wrapped in each other's arms, I felt something playing with my cock. I broke our kiss and looked downward and saw her playing with my cock with her tail. She was rubbing her tail all over and around it. I then kissed her all over her face, nibbled on her ears, and then worked my way down to her beautiful fur-covered breasts. I licked and sucked on her nipples while randomly fondling, caressing, and squeezing all four her luscious breasts. After a while, I kissed my way down her stomach and then to her thighs. I then kissed and nibbled on her thighs which caused her writhe and moan causing her juices to flow even more. I zeroed in on her womanhood and licked and kissed her lips and clitoris, subsequently diving into her honey pot with my tongue. She began bucking and jumping, all the while grabbing my hair with fingers and claws, pulling my face deep into her. 

After at least a half dozen orgasms, she pulled me forward to her face and locked her lips and tongue to mine. I then eased my organ slowly and deeply inside her pumping it slowly and rhythmically, methodically, and smoothly while flexing the hardened rod with my groin muscles to additionally stimulate her insides while simultaneously savoring the grip she was putting on it all that I possibly could. After at least half an hour, I finally erupted with what I had left, depositing it deep inside her womb. 

The same routine continued for a couple more days, following which, I decided that I would be able to have the Dr. Fillion allow me to "explore" the island. My clothes were available to me, finally. So I bathed, dressed, and woke Lotus up with a kiss. I told her that I was going outside of the compound to "explore" and asked if she wanted to go. She went to her room and came back clothed in a body length light dress with long sleeves that covered her body completely. She then put on a head scarf that covered her ears and I handed her my pair of dark sunglasses to hide her eyes. We saw Fillion as we were walking across the compound toward the gate. Lotus said to him that we were going out to walk around the island, to which he replied, "Have a nice hike and make sure he finds his back since the forest is thick." We walked toward the camp; all the while I was checking and watching to make sure that we were not followed. Lotus said that the Doctor was not concerned about intruders as he had cameras on top of the mountain in the middle of the island in order to watch for planes and boats.

We finally arrived at the camp, stealthily approaching it; I spied Natalie cataloging some specimens they had obviously already collected. She had a subconscious look of concern of her face. I told Lotus to wait in this spot for me to signal her with a whistle before she came into the camp. 

Natalie was oblivious to my presence as I silently and stealthily walked into the camp. As I approached her from behind, I simultaneously slipped my hand over her mouth and whispered, "It's me, be quiet." She startled, turned around, gasped, and then gave me a tight hug. 

"Where the hell have you been?" she said. "We have been worried about you but followed your instructions not to come after you. We have been very worried and have debated many times about going out to find you. I lied to the others and told them that you recon every new area for days at a time alone." 

Natalie was a most welcome sight with her long blonde hair and her deep blue eyes that were now all aglow. I proceeded to tell her about the whole situation that I had experienced. And what I had witnessed.

"I was on the other side of the island, inland a little bit when I came across a compound with several buildings. Everything seemed strangely quiet, so figuring that it was the abode of some eccentric, I cautiously went to the manor house and knocked on the door. The scientist that owned it bade me to come in and make myself comfortable. Then he handed me a whiskey that likely was laced with a sedative. Next thing I knew, I woke up on a table in a lab and fell back into unconsciousness. When I woke up, I was in a chamber room being tended to by an unusual and sublime young lady." She gave mine a probing somewhat jealous look. "I have deduced that he performed some type of experiment on me, but I have not figured out what it is exactly."

"It sounds a little farfetched, even Dr. Moreauesqe. How did you get back? Were you followed?" said Natalie.

I explained, "I had told him that my boat had hit a reef in the fog, skipped over it and sank. I also told him that I was stranded alone and after a good night's rest, I was checking out the island to see if there was a way off of it. So the good Dr. Fillion does not know that you ladies are here. I will dig out Ariel so that you may stay here safely and protect yourself and the ladies. I think that he believed my story as he me let go for a hike outside of the compound, albeit not unescorted. I am however with an escort that I trust completely." I then gave a quick whistle. From out of the vegetation walked the mysterious looking Lotus. I waved for her to come over. I said, "Natalie, this is Lotus, my new friend and companion. She has been a godsend in this tribulation. I will explain everything in time." 

"She's gorgeous!" exclaimed Natalie. "I'm Natalie, one of the two researchers on this expedition. It is nice to meet you." 

"I am pleased to meet you as well, Natalie." replied Lotus. 

Suddenly, Alisha, Lily, and Jessica emerged into the campsite. "Oh my God!" exclaimed Lily, "Are you alright? Natalie would not let us go find you. She made us stay within shouting distance."

"She was following my instructions and with good reason." I said. "It is more imperative than ever that you continue do so." After the joyful hugs and kisses, I proceeded to introduce them to Lotus and tell the complete tale to the whole crew and informed them that I would have to visit them as the situation allowed. 

I instructed them all to stay on this side of the island as not to get caught up in the intrigue with the Doctor. I opened one of my special locker boxes and pulled out Ariel, the AR-15, several magazines and boxes of ammunition and gave them to Natalie. Lotus and I bade them adieu and I said we'd be back tomorrow. 

Upon our return to the compound, we were noticed by the Doctor who did not seem too concerned about our absence. He obviously trusted Lotus. We went back to the room and relaxed and talked. Lotus asked if any of the ladies and I were lovers. I assured her that Natalie, Alisha, and I were close friends but not lovers, although Natalie and I were very close and fond of each other. I explained to her that my concern was for their safety and continued separation from the doctor, as not to have them become part of his experiments. 

She proceeded to kiss me all over and removed my shirt. She then stood up and took off her scarf and let her dress drop to the floor. She then removed my pants and crawled on top of me, continuing her oral exploration of my body. After bringing to the brink of an orgasm with her mouth and tongue, she lifted herself up slightly, moved up to my rigid member and slowly impaled herself upon it. We make intense passionate love to each other for most of the evening. We continued to wildly make love until we both came and fell asleep still coupled together.

I awoke to the sensation of something soft rubbing all over my cock; it took me a moment to realize what it was. Lotus's tail was wrapped across my hip and she was rubbing it all over my swelling member. I rolled over to face her and as I rolled onto my back, a strange pain emanated from my tailbone. I cringed and gasped then rolled back onto my side. 


Lotus asked what the matter was. I told her and she tearfully said, "Oh, no. It's happening to you after all."

"What is happening?" I gasped. "What do you mean?" "You know what's happening I take it?" 

"Yes," she replied, "the Doctor injected you with one of his DNA alteration experiments. I do not have any idea what will be the end result. I have been through this myself, so I know what you should be experiencing and about when it will happen. Let me take a look at you and check you out." She examined my back touching my tailbone, causing me to wince. "You appear to be growing a tail, if previous experience is any indication. You have a small patch of fur around it as well." She then got up and came around to the other side of the bed. She got down on her knees to examine my front. "You have fur growing on your groin and around the base of your penis." She touched the area where the fur was growing and it was tender sore both above and below my penis. 

"What is happening to me, Lotus?" I asked. "I assume that there is DNA rewriting going on. It is time to have a chat with Fillion. Lotus, why don't you get ready to go for a walk, I think I will need a good long one after I have it out with the good Doctor."

"Absolutely," she said, "I will enjoy talking with your friends, they seem very nice. Hopefully, they can accept me as I am."

"They will," I replied, "especially Lily. She is a different sort, she's a free spirit and very open minded. She is also apparently, very adventurous." I headed for the door, opened it, turned and said, "I will return soon. See you shortly, Beautiful. Be ready." I closed the door behind me and headed over to the main house.

When I arrived at the manor house, I went straight in the door without stopping. I cornered Dr. Fillion in the study and demanded to know what the hell he did to me. He turned around in his chair, leaned back and pompously replied, "I assume you must be experiencing some alterations at this current time. 

"What was your first clue?" I sarcastically snapped back. "What animal DNA did you use in your serum?"

Fillion, somewhat surprised that I knew about the animal experiments, then began his dissertation, "I injected you with a serum that has the DNA from a grey wolf. The sequence is an open ended one melded to DNA altering virus that overwrites the wolf DNA to yours using the virus as a medium. The virus carries specifically crafted wolf traits that will induce bodily changes in you while still retaining most of your human characteristics as well as all of your mental and personality traits. Except for your appearance and few other enhanced abilities and features, you will be yourself. You will experience some modest pain as the changes progress. Lotus is capable of assisting you during the transition via the experience of her transformation. I am pleased to see that you both are getting along so well. She is a lovely and sweet young lady."

"Thanks for finally giving me the 'need to know' information." I jibed. "I will see you when I have dialed back my outrage. Until then, leave me alone." I tersely and quickly departed the house and headed back to the bungalow. 
