 Chloe tossed and turned in bed as she tried to get some sleep. Her mind constantly wandered to the peculiar thing she had found on her late afternoon jog.

On her way back something on a maple leaf had caught Chloe's eye. She had to take a long second look to be sure of what she was seeing laying in the center of the leaf. She hardly believed her eyes as she saw the very little man sleeping on the leaf. Chloe could have sworn that the man couldn't have been any taller than her thumb.

Chloe gave a quick look around to make sure she was alone before she plucked the leaf that held the man from the branch. She carefully rolled the leaf around the man and held it loose in her hand so that she didn't wake the man as she jogged the rest of the way home.

Once home Chloe took an old shoe box from the closet. She dumped the old heels that were inside onto the closet floor. She then laid the leaf carefully into the center of the box. She watched as the leaf started to uncurl to reveal the man still curled up and asleep. She carefully slid the lid back onto the box and then slid the box under her bed. Chloe then walked off to take a shower before bed.

After getting out of the shower and drying off. Chloe slipped into her favorite blue satin nightie. Chloe checked the clock on her nightstand as she slipped under the covers and saw she had a few hours before her boyfriend, Kevin, would be home. She closed her eyes to get some rest before he got home.

Restless and unable to get any rest Chloe tossed the covers aside and glanced at the clock once more. She had an hour before Kevin got home. Curious she quickly crawled towards the edge of the bed where she hid the box and reached under and pulled it out. She settled onto the center of her bed and set the box between her thighs. Chloe curled her legs around the box until the soles of her feet pressed together. She then slowly lifted the lid off.

Jonas stood shocked on the center of the leaf he had slept on. Only the leaf was no longer on the tree, but it was in some sort of dark container. He gasped as the top of the container was suddenly removed. He turned around and looked up. His eyes widened as he found himself staring up to a giant head.

Jonas could hardly believe his eyes. He had heard stories of giants before but thought they were to keep his kind good. The stories were always about giant females, and how they took great pleasure tormenting his kind before they finally crushed the life from them. They would either squeeze them in their hand, some would drop them in their mouth and just swallow them whole, but most of all the giant women took the greatest pleasure crushing his kind under their massive feet. Jonas' eyes grew wider as he looked at Chloe. Noticing the full lips and long, thick red hair. He realized that he had been captured by a giant woman. 

Chloe giggled as she watched Jonas backing away wide eyed. She knew he had no where to go. Chloe leaned over the box giving Jonas a good view of her heavy breasts held by only the blue satin nightie. Her nipples were already hard and straining against the satin material. Chloe enjoyed watching Jonas try and hide. She thought he was ruggedly handsome for someone only three inches tall.

Chloe grinned a bit as she noticed Jonas' eyes roaming over the expanse of her bared flesh and lingering on the deep crevice of her cleavage. She quickly reached into the box and scooped Jonas out. She held him firmly in her grip. She could feel as he squirmed against her hand. Jonas kept pushing at her index finger and thumb trying to open her hand but her fingers wouldn't move.

"P-p-please don't crush me," Jonas stammered as he squirmed and pushed trying to escape Chloe's grasp.

Chloe was shocked by the plea that she had just heard. She loosened her grip on him a little but didn't let him go. "Why on Earth would I want to crush you?"

Jonas was equally stumped by Chloe's question. Maybe she was testing him he thought. "B-because your kind has taken great pleasure in torturing and tormenting my kind."

Chloe's eyes widened from the answer Jonas gave. Her lips curled a little bit thinking that what he sad was probably some ploy to get her to release him. "Oh but I wasn't thinking or torturing or tormenting you. Unless you think pleasing me is torture."

Jonas was really confused. He never heard any stories where his kind pleased the giant women. Before he could say anything Chloe dropped him into her cleavage. He screamed as he fell, not expecting to be caught between her breasts.

Chloe pushed her large breasts together around Jonas. Her fingers pinched at her hard nipples through the satin material of her nightie. She could feel him between her breasts squirming and pushing against her breasts to try and get free. She could also hear his muffled cries which only amused her more.

Jonas pushed against her breasts fearing to be crushed between them. He felt the pressure of her breasts surround him. Her flesh was warm and soft like two pillows. He could hear the rhythmic beating of her heart starting to speed up along with her breath gradually becoming shallow pants.

Chloe eased the pressure of her breasts as she leaned back, until she felt Jonas tumble down her body. She felt him slide along her stomach before tumbling out to land between her thighs.

Jonas shook his head to clear his thoughts after the long tumble. He looked up as he heard a low rolling moan coming from Chloe. He was both amazed and relieved that he had survived the fall.

Chloe looked down at Jonas as he lay between her thighs still a little dazed from the long fall. Her fingers still pinching, and gently tugging at her nipples through the satin nightie. "Now little man, Start pleasing me or I will let my cat have you," Her voice was filled with promise and lust as she spoke to him. She didn't really have a cat but the threat made her even more excited.

Jonas' eyes widened at the threat of being given to a cat. He knew for sure that a cat would be a far worse fate then being with a giant woman. By the way Chloe was acting he knew exactly how she wanted to be pleased. Quickly he got onto his feet and walked to Chloe's bald pussy. He could already see her juices moistening her lips. Chloe's scent was both strong and thick around him. He took deep breaths as he reached up and pushed against her pussy lips. Chloe's juices were thick and sticky as he climbed up. Jonas was uncertain on how to exactly please her but he figured he might be able to please her as he would one of his own kind.

Jonas stood on the edge of her opening as he slid his hands up along her wet folds. He gave a few small test licks to the soft flesh of her fold finding the taste of her juices to be very sweet like honey. Jonas wrapped his hands around the nub of Chloe's clit. He could feel it under his hands pulsing like a heart as it started to become more elongated. He was pleased when he heard her moan as his hands slowly twisted and rubbed that nub. He was then sure that he could please her. Jonas started to suck and lick on Chloe's clit as his hands twisted it back and forth.

Gradually Chloe started rocking her hips, as if against a face that wasn't there as she felt the little hands and tongue rubbing her clit. The more that Chloe's hips rocked and bucked the tighter Jonas had to hold onto her clit which made her buck even harder as the pleasure started to build up inside her. Jonas could hear her moaning more and more as he kept licking and sucking on her clit. His knuckles were starting to turn white as he held on as tight as he could.

Little by little Chloe could feel the pressure building up between her legs. The harder Jonas gripped her clit the harder she bucked. It almost felt like a sharp pinch on her clit followed by the small licks of his tongue. Chloe's head fell back against the pillows as her body started to shake. Her first small orgasm started to take hold of her. She could feel her muscles clenching at the air as her hips bucked. She could also feel her juices flooding from her pussy.

Jonas held on as Chloe's thick sticky juices started to coat his body. As much as he held on it wasn't enough. His hands slipped from her clit and once more he fell backwards from Chloe. Jonas lay between Chloe's thighs watching as she settled down on her bed from the small orgasm he just gave her.

Jonas licked at his lips still tasting Chloe's juices that covered his body. He got up as Chloe finally settled down and walked towards her pussy once more. Jonas didn't want to become the toy of a cat so he was going to please her as much as he could. He found the opening of her pussy and started to climb into her. Her tunnel was full of her sticky juices that Jonas almost felt as if he was swimming deeper into her. He could also feel her muscles clenching around him. Her muscles weren't crushing but they were squeezing tight enough to make him have to pull harder to get deeper into Chloe's wet tunnel.

Chloe was settling down from her small yet still powerful orgasm. She turned her head to check the time to see how much longer she had until her boyfriend got home. Before she could focus on the clock next to her bed she felt Jonas climbing into her pussy. She gasped as she felt him pulling himself into her tunnel. She tried to reach down and pull him out but all her fingers did was to help push his wiggling body deeper into her.

Chloe kept pushing her fingers in trying to get Jonas out. She was so preoccupied with trying to get the tiny man out to hide him away that she didn't hear the front door, or the foot steps of her boyfriend as he climbed the stairs to her bedroom. Chloe whimpered as Kevin stepped through the door not noticing his entrance. Pleading softly under her breath that she can get him out.

Kevin stood and watched. Watched as Chloe dug her fingers into her body. The sight excited him. He saw the soft glow of a woman that has had release but still desiring more. Unaware of the real reasons as to why she was shoving her fingers into her cunt quietly he pulled his shirt off as he watched. Letting the shirt fall to the floor, he then unstrapped his belt. As he went to unbutton his pants he finally spoke, "Started the fun without me did you?"

To Be Continued...