 Chloe was a young scientist specialized in alien vegetable life. The laboratory she worked for would often receive new samples of plants found in other planets, and it was part of her job to watch them grow in a controlled environment. It was a lonely activity except for her boss, Mark, who would help her in the daily duties of the lab. Being only twenty years old, Chloe didn't have much to talk about with her boss, a much older man in his forties.

The arrival of a new sample was always an exciting moment for Chloe but this time it was even more special. The new kind of plant they were receiving at the lab was found to have some sort of nervous system. It was a handful of green tentacles rooted on some dirt inside a glass box. The tentacles were about 3 inches long, and they would react to touch, often trying to wrap around the fingers of whoever's hands was near them.

Mark took on the job to take care of the new plant. He moved the tentacle plant to a room, where it would have plenty of space to grow in the following weeks. The room was covered with an special kind of soil, made to grant the plants the best possible environment to grow in. With relative ease, Mark moved the plant out of its transport box on to the prepared soil.

Over the next days, Chloe and Mark visited the plant room regularly to study it. The tentacles had grown a few inches and became very active. Every time Mark came close to it, the tentacles became agitated, trying to grab the scientists' arms and legs. But curiously, that didn't happen when Chloe came near. The tentacles became docile, letting the girl touch them freely. Realizing he could be in danger as the plant grew stronger, Mark refrained from approaching it, letting Chloe work on it by herself from now on.

One day, when she went to their room, the tentacles started to caress her legs, as if welcoming her. At this point, they were long enough to reach her thighs and a few more had grown around the original ones. As she got down on her knees to take a closer look, she noticed the tentacles looked wet. "Ok, this is new. I have definitely never seen this happen before," she thought, adjusting her thick rimmed glasses and observing the plant carefully. Chloe slowly extended her hands to touch the nearest one. It felt warm, slippery and firm. She grabbed it and slowly slid her hand throughout its length, and then back up to the tip. The tentacle pulsated, becoming slightly thicker and harder.

Chloe's heart rate accelerated and she felt her face becoming warm. She continued to massage the tentacle, moving her hands up and down its length. It remained still and erect, except for the pulsating and the occasional shaking. Then, she dropped her equipment on the ground and grabbed another tentacle with her left hand and started doing the same. Her pussy was becoming wet as she fantasized having those tentacles touching her.

Suddenly, the door opened. Startled, Chloe quickly let off of the tentacles and grabbed her equipment, with her hands covered in an sticky and slippery substance.

"Chloe, could you please take a look at a couple of files I sent you? I think there's some new information about this plant," Mark said, bringing Chloe back to reality.

"Sure. I'm already done here," Chloe answered, trying to get back to reality.

When Mark left and closed the door, Chloe wondered if he had seen what she was doing. "No, probably not. He didn't see anything," she thought. "What about the cameras?" Each room had a couple of cameras so the scientists could watch the plants remotely. "No, there's no reason for him to look at the camera feeds during the day, knowing I was in here." After calming herself down, Chloe looked back at the tentacles. They were still on the same position. All she could think of right now was to take off her clothes and have a little fun with them. Unfortunately, she had some work to do right now.

"I'll be back to play with you," the girl whispered, as she got up and left the room.

Chloe could barely wait to visit the plant alone again. "It'll have to be at night, after Mark goes home." She spent the rest of the afternoon working at her computer, anxiously waiting for Mark to leave. When he finally said goodbye and left the lab, Chloe was already so wet her panties were damp. She quickly got up from her chair and ran to the plant room.

She closed the door behind her, took a deep breath and slowly walked to the tentacles.

"We're finally alone," she said as she got down on her knees in the middle of them. At this height, the tentacles could reach her face.

As soon as she touched the nearest tentacle, it immediately responded by caressing her hands. She held it firmly. It wasn't too thick, but it slowly began to harden up and grow in size. With her other hand, she grabbed another one and started to rub it up and down.

Surrounded, several tentacles began to approach her. A couple ones in front of her tried to wrap around her small but firm boobs. She quickly unbuttoned her shirt, took it off, then took her bra off. With her small tits now on show, the tentacles began to feel them up. A few others slowly rubbed her tits, making Chloe moan softly.

Below her, a few more tentacles started rubbing against her ass and pussy through her jeans. Their juices were now flowing, making her clothes wet everywhere they touched. Still holding two tentacles on her hands, Chloe took one of them closer to her mouth, but hesitated for a second. "What if this thing is toxic?" but before she could think twice, the tentacle pushed forward and entered her mouth, stopping right before her throat.

The tentacle in her mouth pushed out a little, then went in again, and kept repeating this movement. Chloe sucked the tentacle eagerly, tasting its juices and having her moans muffled. Meanwhile, the tentacles behind and below her grabbed and wrapped around both her thighs, while a couple of others began trying to go inside her jeans, but with her belt fastened, they just couldn't do it.

"I wonder if I can just..." Chloe thought, while loosening her belt, "just let them taste it for a little bit." She took her belt off and unbuttoned her jeans. Two tentacles quickly went in the front of her jeans, and started rubbing her pussy through her panties. Her pussy was already so wet, and the juices on the tentacles just made it all messier. Willing to go even further, Chloe pulled the front of her panties a little, revealing her unshaved pussy mound. This time, not only the two tentacles rubbing her panties, but about ten nearby ones all quickly went in the direction of her pussy, trying to get inside her panties. "You're hungry, aren't you?" Chloe thought, "I'm hungry, too."

Ten, maybe a dozen slippery tentacles were now competing for space inside her parties, rubbing against her wet pussy. Her pubes and pussy were completely soaked. Chloe started moaning louder, and the tentacle fucking her mouth started to speed up and pulsate. Then, a jet of a warm, sticky liquid filled her mouth. Caught by surprise, Chloe let most of it leak and drip out of her mouth. It was a white, sticky liquid, and it just wouldn't stop coming out of the tip of the tentacle. It just pumped and pumped. Chloe took the tentacle out of her mouth but it kept shooting cum on her face, dripping it down on her tits. When it finally stopped, she couldn't see a thing through her glasses. Her short hair was completely wet.

Suddenly, Chloe heard a noise outside the room. "My boss! What is he doing here?" Brought back to reality so abruptly, she could barely figure out what to do. She hurriedly grabbed her shirt and bra from the ground and got up. The tentacles tried to grab on to her legs, but they just weren't strong enough. She buttoned her jeans, cleaned her glasses with her shirt and dressed it up. Her clothes were wet, and there was too much cum on her tits, face and hair. There was no way she could let her boss see her that way.

She slowly walked to the door and tried to listen. After a few seconds, she heard: "Chloe, are you there?"

"Shit. He's looking for me." She remained quiet, hoping he would just give up and leave. About a minute later, she heard the bathroom door opening and closing. "It's my chance," she thought as she quickly left the plant room.

Chloe quickly grabbed her purse and left the lab. On her way home, she did her best to prevent her tits from showing through her shirt, but it was just too wet. She was able to clean the cum out of her face, but parts of her hair were still sticky and wet.

The girl arrived early at the lab the next day. Again, she began planning her next private moment with the tentacles, but couldn't find an appropriate time. It couldn't be during the day, nor right after Mark left. She just couldn't risk having her boss walk in on her naked, getting gangbanged by tentacles. It would not only be embarrassing, she would also lose her job.

When Mark arrived, he inquired her about the previous day.

"Were you here last night? I came back for my keys and saw your purse on your desk."

"Shit. Think quickly," she thought.

"Oh, I also forgot something. My purse!" Chloe responded, smiling. "I came back for it later."

Mark smiled with an strange look on his face. Chloe quickly changed the subject.

Later that day, Chloe and Mark entered the tentacle plant room to take a closer look at it. As usual, when Mark got close, the tentacles became aggressive. But when Chloe did, they just let her approach them. They were supposed to collect a soil sample, and as Chloe got down to do so, the tentacles started trying to get inside her pants. She quickly took the soil sample and got back up. The tentacles were already getting hard and slippery.

"Hey, did you see that? Our tentacle plant looks... what's that? Is it sweating?" Mark asked from a few steps away. "Have you ever seen it do that?"

"Uh... no," Chloe lied.

"Can you get a sample of that, too, please?" Mark asked her.

"Sure," Chloe said.

Turning her back to Mark, she got another small tube, grabbed a tentacle and began to rub it like a cock. It was already hard and slippery. She used her own body to block Mark's view of what she was doing. She let the tentacle drool over her tube, dripping the liquid in. When she was done, she left the room with Mark.

"I'll have that room locked from now on, for our safety," Mark said.

"That's probably a good idea," Chloe responded, but inside she was devastated. How am I going to play with them now?

Over the next few days, Mark kept the plant locked away while he worked on analyzing the plant's juices. It was made mostly of water and some form of lubricant, completely safe for humans. It was quite a discovery, but Mark still couldn't figure out how to make the plant generate more of it. If only he knew, Chloe thought every time Mark brought up the subject.

As the days passed, the tentacle plant grew bigger, longer and stronger. It also became more violent toward Mark, even attempting to strangle him at one occasion.

"If that happens again," Mark said, trying to catch his breath, "I don't think we'll be able to fight it back."

Just a few inches shorter than Chloe and too dangerous to keep in the lab, Mark requested an specialized team to relocate the plant to a proper facility by next week.

But Chloe was desperate to play with the tentacles again. She even considered stealing Mark's key and coming to the lab in the middle of the night to do it. But Chloe's opportunity came unexpectedly.

The next day, she slept in. By the time she woke up, it was one hour past the time she should be at work. In a hurry, the girl got dressed the quickest possible way, putting on a typical button up shirt and a skirt.

Chloe arrived at the lab only to find out Mark wasn't there. Weird, she thought. He's never late.

That's when she heard it.

"Chloe! Help me!"

The voice came from the tentacle room.

She quickly ran to the door and opened it. The tentacles were holding Mark, strangling him. They were so long and numerous, that it was impossible for him to escape. Chloe ran towards him, trying to figure out how to help, but she just wasn't strong enough to fight them.

"Please, do something!" Mark struggled to speak as the tentacles bound around his neck.

Then, Chloe knew. There was something she could do to save her boss. She unbuttoned her shirt, threw it off on the ground, then took off her bra. Her small, pink tits now on show for both Mark and the plant. But the tentacles didn't seem to notice her presence.

"What are you doing?" Mark asked, his voice beginning to fail. "Go get help!"

She didn't know why it wasn't working and began to panic. Why isn't the plant noticing me?

Quickly, she pulled her skirt down, then her panties, throwing them off. Her thin, small body, legs and thighs, her unsaved pussy and her small tits all on show for them.

The tentacles released Mark and immediately went for Chloe. She felt as they were much stronger than before, thicker, longer and more agile. A few of them wrapped around her thin waist.

Mark ran to the door, but stopped when he realized Chloe wasn't running.

"What are you doing?" He asked.

"I'm saving your life," she said. The plant was now holding both her legs and her waist. There's no turning back now, Chloe thought, closing her eyes. Not that I want to turn back.

"I'll get help. Please, hold..." Mark began to say, opening the door, but Chloe interrupted him.

"Don't. There's no need for help. I know what I'm doing," the girl said, firmly.

Mark stopped, turned around and looked back at Chloe.

Chloe took two tentacles with her hands and began rubbing them. She immediately felt the difference from the last time she did so. The tentacles were stronger and so much thicker that she couldn't wrap her fingers around them. It didn't take long for a tentacle to start fucking her mouth. Another one began to rub between her tits, while many others played with her tits, and caressed her body. They were slowly rubbing against her legs, her arms and her back.

Being the center of attention to so many hungry tentacles made Chloe extremely horny. Her pussy was dripping, even though the tentacles weren't even there yet. Both tentacles she was rubbing began pulsating and spilling jets and more jets of cum all over her face and tits. The tentacle that was fucking her mouth soon began to cum, too. It was deep inside her mouth, and the cum went straight down her throat. She swallowed most that she could, but some still dripped out of her mouth.

Two new tentacles replaced the ones she was holding. Knowing what they wanted, Chloe began rubbing them as well. Looking down, Chloe saw one tentacle going towards her hairy pussy. It touched her softly, then started rubbing against her clit. It went from her clit to her entrance several times, getting her pussy completely soaked. Then, another one began rubbing against her asshole.

Slowly, the tentacles holding her made her lay down on her back. Then, they spread her legs apart, getting her pussy exposed. Without wasting time, several tentacles grouped near her pussy, waiting for their turn to fuck her. The first one penetrated her pussy slowly, easily sliding all the way in. It fucked her gently, making Chloe moan. Meanwhile, the tentacle between her tits came, releasing globs of cum on her face and hair.

While being fucked in the pussy, another tentacle forced his way inside her asshole. She was tight, but the tentacle was so lubricated that it just slipped in. Then, it kept going. Chloe lost track on how deep it went before it started pulling out. It repeated this movement several times, each time going deeper than before. Chloe moaned loudly, and the tentacle in her pussy began to cum deep inside her. When it pulled out, the next tentacle barely waited for the river of cum to leak out before going in. It fucked her eagerly, pushing the cum deep in her. Another tentacle took her mouth, while others were cumming over her body, face and hair.

The tentacle in her asshole fucked her faster until it came, depositing loads of cum deep in her. It pulled out only to be replaced by a new one. Chloe began to orgasm out of all the stimulation, while her moans were muffled by the tentacle in her mouth. When the second tentacle came in her pussy, the plant pulled Chloe's legs up, bringing her lower body upwards. As the next tentacle replaced the old one, another one penetrated her pussy at the same time. Chloe came intensely as she took them both in. Another nearby tentacle came over her pussy, making a wet mess on her pubes, pussy and ass. Given the position she was being held in, much of it dripped down on her tits and face.

For several minutes, tentacles came in her mouth, asshole, pussy and all over her body. Her pussy was completely filled up with cum, to the point that when a new tentacle tried to enter, the cum would spill out. By the time the plant was beginning to get tired, Chloe had climaxed countless times. She wanted more, but the plant just released her and became passive.

Chloe was completely covered in thick, white cum. She got up and her pussy began to leak it out, spilling lots and lots of the liquid. She took her clothes, her glasses and turned around to face Mark.

From the look on his face, it seemed he couldn't believe what he had just watched.

"That was the hottest thing I've ever seen," he said, baffled.

"It was the hottest thing I've ever done," Chloe said, exhausted. "Just please don't tell anyone what you saw here."

"I... I won't," Mark said, trying to get back to his senses. "But we're still going to move the plant out."

Chloe nodded. "At least I already got what I wanted."

"Go home. You deserve the rest of the day off," he said as he saw Chloe's small naked body covered in cum.

Chloe looked back at the plant. She was sad it had to go, but she understood the decision. The plant was still dangerous to keep around.

"I'll miss it," she said, and left the room.

As Chloe walked to the bathroom, she left a trail of cum that dripped from all over her body. She used a towel to clean up the best she could, but only a shower would really solve it, and there were no showers in the lab. Still feeling sticky, Chloe put her clothes on and went home.

As she walked home, every few minutes more cum leaked out of her pussy, accumulating in her panties. She pushed her legs together, trying to keep it there. At home, over the next few hours, the cum in her asshole began to leak, too. It was so much Chloe couldn't believe all of that was inside her.

When she returned to work the next day, the plant was gone. The relocation team had come the night before to move it out.

"Don't be sad. I know you had fun with it, and that's why I saved you something," Mark said.

He showed her an small glass jar with a little dirt and a tiny green tentacle planted in it. Chloe gasped.

"Is it for me?" She asked in disbelief.

"Take good care of it," Mark said. "Just don't tell anyone I gave it to you."