 The museum is closed. Taisha stared at the new exhibition and had been doing so for hours.

"Where in the Hell did the money come for this?" She asked herself.

Taisha understood the attempt to pull in the public over Valentine's Day with such a series of pieces. Still, this exhibit just seen to materialize out of nowhere.

"Valentine's Day, what a crock. What a humbug." 

She had been a curator for years and nothing ever just appeared. The whole thing made her nervous. The timing. The twelve chocolate sculptures. And the fact a board member, who never expressed a bit of interest in any exhibit, suddenly showed up to her office championing this display,

"What a mess this will be. Someone has to touch it. Or it will melt. Or some kid manages to get their teeth in it."

Still the museum had housed sand paintings and ice sculptures all temporary at one time or another. The artist said he was not worried about it and assumed all liability for the pieces. So, the museum's exposure is minimal, she thought. The pieces are amazingly detailed, Taisha thought. She had yet to find a seam from casting or a tool mark on any of the pieces.

"Piduc Rose." Taisha said the name aloud and let it roll around in her head. She had no idea who the sculptor was. Of course, he was just as likely a chocolatier as sculptor. "Whoever he is he is prolific and talented. Any of the masters could have signed these -- were they not chocolate. All of them destine to disappear. What a waste."

She shivered. The room's temperature had been lowered to fifty degrees to stave off the chocolate's melting. It was the only way the museum could come up with to deal with the combined body heat of the expected crowds. "I need a jacket." she said to herself.

Leaving, Taisha made sure to close the close the glass door in an effort to keep the cool air in the room.

"Jesus, my nipples are rock hard. Well, I am sure that looks professional. I am just not sure which profession."

Although not a small girl, Taisha was always put together. But since becoming a teenager she had been over generously blessed with what many men frequently referred to, when they thought she could not hear, "All the right curves, in all the right places." Her bras constantly rebelled against the duress her F-size breasts put them under. And despite being tasteful, she always seemed to be poured into her clothes very so slightly. Her nipples proudly pushing their way out of her shirt only made that perception more real.

"Always wear a jacket in that room." She made a verbal mental note her physical gifts had benefited her career occasionally but more often seemed to get in the way.

Men, if they had not become the enemy, were seen by her roundly as an obstacle or distraction and as such they were to be kept at arm's length, preferably further. She crossed her arms upon seeing Mel, one of the night security personnel on his rounds. She was not anxious to be ogled tonight. 

"Ms. Stokes."

"Mel." Taisha was constantly amazed, despite his obvious age Mel looked oddly twenty something. His rosy cheeks, a round apple of a face, and unkempt curls reminded her of the subject Gainsborough's "The Blue Boy" grown up but more cherubic somehow. She remembered when they hired him, however, he felt like he had been there forever, maybe before she arrived. It was this time displacement that made Taisha always uncomfortable around him.

"How's the new show coming?"

"Okay."

She tried to keep moving toward her office but the guard continued, "I never heard of the artist and walking these halls all these years I thought I had heard of most of them. I even did a little studying on the side. Have myself quite a little collection of art books -- still no, is it Mr. Rose?" He smiled broadly and warmly.

Taisha smiled back, "Yes. I have never heard of him myself. Melvin, I had no idea you were interested in sculpture, if you need any extra materials for your study or have a question -- please stop by my office. I am sorry I have to run and get a jacket, so I can finish up tonight." It was the quickest and most polite way to conclude the conversation she could think of in the moment.

"Oh, sure, sure." Melvin said tipping his cap and heading on his patrol.

As she turned and started toward her office, Taisha thought she felt a hand touch her ass. "Melvin?" She turned around expecting to see the guard. Then the explaining, "Sorry, you are very nice but I never date at work." Why did men think it was okay to start this up in the office? He would not be the first -- maybe she would go to HR this time. 

But no, she was standing by herself in the hallway.

"Where'd he go? My mind is playing tricks on me. I need a little pick me up." Back in her office Taisha knew there was a piece of cake just waiting. It was too late for such an indulgence and her weight loss group would frown on it. Screw them, she thought. Her job left her little time for a personal life, although she had put more than a few barriers up herself. "Men and romance, more trouble than either is worth." Her drive and single-mindedness had allowed her to advance well above her years and despite significant disadvantages at the being of her career. 

Locking the door, she sat at her desk, and opened the container holding the piece of cake. The smell and taste of coconut always made her horny and wet, as she greedily bit into the cake. Hiking up her skirt, she allowed her fingers to massage her sex though her panties as she ate. Having four layers the cake was plush, thick, soft and delicious, as she was. "It sure as Hell beats a fruit cup."

Before swallowing the last piece Taisha pressed the moisture out of it by trapping the cake by pushing her tongue against the roof of her mouth. She shuddered as she frantically pleasured herself through her panties.

As the sweetness ran down her throat she said, "I wonder what Melvin would think of me like this." The cake, her fingers, and the thought of being watched allowed her to release. 

"Damn it. I did not mean to mess up my skirt." Taisha stood legs shaking. "Oh god, I hope I have a spare still stashed in my bag.

Suddenly she became aware of a smell the aroma of chilies, oranges, roses, coffee, and chocolate. "Is that from the exhibit? Christ, could they be melting? There was no way she should smell the room from here." Standing and grabbing her jacket she tied it around her waist in an attempt to hide her wet ass. Then she struggled to straighten her skirt while jogging to the hall.

Taisha slid to a halt. Her three inch heels tried desperately to dump her on the floor but years of practice on the polished marble kept her upright. The statues were fine. But the smell coming from inside the room was overwhelming. Her alarm vanishing she was drawn into the room by the aroma. As she opened the door every scent seemed to rush through her recalling her recent orgasm. Her knees became weak with the memory but a lust, a hunger grew within her. "My God, how I did not notice that before?" Before she realized she was on the other side of the glass. "She ran her hands through her hair and down her body."

Half dazed she walked around the exhibit. She drew in deep breathes hoping to regain her bearings only to find herself further intoxicated -- as she started to read the works' title cards she hard written.

"Cupid and Psyche." The smallest of the pieces was made up of two delicate pink fairies wrapped around one another. "A rendering of the mythic tale of star crossed lovers. Portions of which are found in such modern favorites as "Beauty and the Beast". It is rendered in white chocolate infused with berries giving it a light pink cast. 

"Hermaphroditus" was a life-size piece with the face of a beautiful boy, and tackle to match, but with the small, firm breasts of a young woman. The youth stood with hands resting on its waist and bare chest thrust out. Its car read, "The son of Aphrodite and Hermes (Mercury). A young nymph fell in love with him. Kidnapping him, she begged the Gods not to let the two be separated. The Gods entwined the lovers literally creating one being both man and woman. It is rendered in dark chocolate infused with chilies and oranges.

Lifting her gaze she recognized Pan, the satyr, which besides being obscenely endowed she imagined must reeked of coffee and liquor -- lust incarnate.

Laurel fleeing from the sun god Apollo. 

In the middle of the room a life size buttery white statue approaching the work slowly she read the card. "Adonis". Nothing else had been printed on the card -- she did not remember the card or the statue. She counted the number of displays, thirteen. Wasn't there only twelve before? The man's form was powerful with hair flowing down to broad shoulders and his arms out spread. It beckoned to Taisha and she started to drift toward the statue. He wore a short toga one would have expected to see on a youth. Which was not who this statue was depicting, she looked at his strong legs and licked her lips. Approaching the statue she knew she must taste it. Have I lost my mind? She thought as she kissed the statue hard. The taste of coconut, vanilla, and lavender filled her mouth.

"What am I doing?" She pulled away only to find herself enclosed by the statues arms. "Weren't his arms open... How in the Hell did I get tied up in here?" She looked up to see her lipstick smeared across the grinning confection. I am going to be fired, she thought as she suddenly found herself free and dumped on the floor. Looking back at the statue she saw again it stood open armed and free of blemish.

"I am going home. I am done. I have been working too much, I will be fine tomorrow." She said. 

Turning around and heading for the entrance Taisha is stopped by a deep baritone voice, "Where are you going? No need to rush off, Sweetness." Two smooth, muscular creamy white arms wrap around her and pulled her into what she could tell without looking was muscular and virile form. 

Taisha spun around ready to throw a punch. She did not care how much like coconut this pervert smelled. She noticed the trickle of her wetness down her leg. It made her pause just long enough to comprehend who or rather what faced her. Adonis, no longer a candy but a man and very much flesh and blood. The sight made her step back putting her firmly against the cool glass. She attempted to glance around the figure to see if the statue still stood in place but the man was too tall to allow for a clear view. Taisha somehow knew the carving would no longer be there.

"Sweet, delicious chocolate girl." The hallucination touched her face and leaned into her for a kiss.

"You cannot be real." She struggled weakly. The surreal nature of the encounter and the smells again conspired to put her in a dream state which robbed her of her will. All her resistance did, as she attempted to ward off the advance, was crack the thin white chocolate shell that was the toga and the only remnant of the creature's former life or lack thereof. Its entirety fell away revealing something Taisha quickly found herself having an equally hard time resisting. A young firm body on display -- smooth but muscular chest, rippled abs, and a thick gorgeous cock.

"Shhh.." He kissed her. Firmly, as a man should demanding her surrender but with certain sweetness that made Taisha surrender without a fight.

As he pulled away Taisha felt abandon and reached out to him to draw Adonis back to her. He do not hesitate pushing her soft curves against the glass with his weight. She squealed as he lifted her off the ground without effort laying her on the floor. "No, not here." Firm hands pulling down her skirt and under garments made it clear that was not an option. As his tongue slid across her clit and into her, she let her protests go. Almost immediately she started to shake. Taisha ran her fingers down through his wavy hair as her legs tried to wrap around a muscular back too broad to allow them to do so.

"I cumming." She started to blindly pump herself into the onslaught of the lovingly merciless tongue. "Don't stop." The stranger made no indication whether he heard her, but it was clear that stopping was not his plan. She felt herself explode against his face. She knew from passed experience that he would be lucky not to drown in her -- a fact confirmed as her water ran back up her ass crack and into the material of her shirt. She tensed as such treasures had been met with scorn but her devouring lover simply continued to consume her completely. Until, her concerns and the aftershocks tremors ceased. Her shirt was wet through and she could not help but laugh. She had to be dreaming.

Hungry hands -- hers and his tore at buttons -- exposing her completely, as a bra quickly came off. Her entire dark areole and large nipple disappeared into Adonis mouth. As his teeth clamped down on her, as he slid himself entirely into the flood she had become.

She cried out like a wild animal trapped, speared, and actually both. Taisha could barely distinguish between the all-consuming and exquisite agonies of being torn apart and split open like ripe fruit. She only caught brief glimpses of the stark contrast of them through fluttering eyelids as he moved across her and as he started to grind she was sure she would not be able to last. And still she heard her begging only to be used more. What a beast this man made her, she thought, knowing she could endure any abuse or humiliation for her "more". She would be part of the exhibition herself in front of tomorrow's crowds, if it meant that he would not stop.

She found her on all fours lifting her thick ass up to meet Adonis. His hands squeezed her softness as he worked her. Taisha's nipples grazed the cold marble in time to his rhythm. Simultaneously, soothing and tormenting them. She could feel his cock thicken up from its already generous size to near elephantine proportions. 

"So good," She said. 

She knew he could not last much longer, however, neither could she. Her sex griped his cock so that he could barely move.

"So tight." he responded.

Taisha collapsed on the floor shaking. She felt Adonis' hips start to thrust in quick succession.

"No, not yet." she called out. Taisha pulled away and changing positions she swallowed his sex. His thickness stretched her jaws and plump lips open wide. She could feel its length in her throat. The taste coconut taste of him and her own sweet saltiness pushed her to drive him further into her. She worked him furiously, as she played with his smooth, tight balls.

Then a sticky wetness, not her own, coated her tongue. Strong hands held her head in place. It was his turn to shake unable to control himself, Taisha thought, my God his cum is sweet. She drank all of him she could in until he almost filled her and he dribbled out of the corners of her mouth.

The two lovers fall apart only to curl up to one another -- each the other's warm blanket -- and sleep.

A winged being who looked almost exactly like Gainsborough's "The Blue Boy" watched the couple on the monitor. "And that is how you put the holiday spirit into someone. Wouldn't you agree?".

"Yes, Cupid, my husband." A lithe winged woman appeared behind him and plopped on his lap kissing him on the check. "Maybe we should fun ourselves."

"I think so." Melvin typed in a few strokes on the keyboard reaching around the fairy, as she squirmed on his lap. The monitors became alive with static as tape drives began to whirl and erase. "They should have their moment no one else need know."

"And I can feel another Valentine treat coming up." The beautiful pixie smiled lusty.

"Yes, wife you do."