 Choose 2: Life Edition

Standard disclaimer this story includes transformation, growth, shrinking, sexual situations and other fetish themes in the form of a board game. If you should not be reading this, I urge you to turn back now, but if you came looking for that sort of thing I welcome you to the first part of Choose 2: Life Edition. Any feedback is always welcome and I'll see you on the other side.- Ragnarok385

*

Round 1

"Lily get down here!"

"Just a minute!" Lily yelled from her bedroom as she hastily tossed a red shirt over her head. "It's bad enough Steve had to come over last night but did you two really have to have sex in the shower before you left." Lily grumbled to herself as she hopped into her jeans.

"Lily!"

"Coming Alli!" She yelled as she pushed open the door and grabbed the towel and wrapped her wet hair up in the towel as she walked quickly towards the stairs. She took the stairs a couple at a time before rounding the landing and turning towards the entryway where she knew her sister would be waiting. Her sister and her Adonis like husband. But who else could have handled my Amazonian sister, Lily thought as she watched her sister Alli lean over to kiss her husband, Steve. It wasn't that Steve was all that short, it was just that Alli stood roughly seven and a half feet tall, which was enough to dwarf Steve who was just over six foot two, who was himself a whole foot taller than Lily.

"Hey there shrimp." Alli said taking a couple steps forward and hugging her sister. It was all Lily could do to not fume at her older sister's breasts as they sandwiched her towel turban. "I'm glad you could make it to see us off."

"You mean to understand all the rules I have to follow while you're on your honeymoon."

"Well that too," Alli smiled as she released her younger sister. "I'm really glad you're doing this Lily."

"I'll be really glad when I don't have to wait for you two to stop having sex so I can actually get some hot water in the shower." Lily shrugged, her eyes darting to Steve to see if her accusation hit a mark.

"Guilty as charged," Steve said with a smile. Then he pointed at Alli, "All her idea though."

"Ya, sure."

"Look, we're about to miss our ride, but you know the rules- "

"Ya, no crazy ragers, take care of Max, clean up after myself, make sure to bury the bodies at least 5 feet deep in the backyard- "

"Lily..."

"Look Alli, calm down she knows what to do." Steve said putting his hand on his newly wed wife's waist. "She's a sophomore in college and is definitely going to have friends over to drink, but we trust her enough to be responsible and not ridiculous."

"But I- "

"Look control freak, just because you're the biggest doesn't mean you're the only one who can manage this house." Lily said wagging her finger up at her older sister. "Now go before I call mom and have her come watch the house instead."

Instantly Alli's mouth closed, then opened and closed a couple of times before she was interrupted by a car horn outside. Seemingly jarring her back to consciousness she looked down at Lily and sighed reaching into her pocket and pulling out the keys. "I really appreciate it Lily. Just be careful and don't break anything."

"I think the house will be safer without you two in it," Lily smiled before winking up at her sister, "if the bathroom is any indication."

"Look I told Steve we needed to put the shower rod up a little higher- "

"ALLISON!"

"Alright STEVEN I'm coming." In two quick strides, she was already across the living room and into the entry way where Steve was holding all their luggage in his two beefy arms.

"Bye you two have fun in Maui!" She heard both of them utter their goodbyes from the entryway and then the door slammed shut behind them. Lily stood there for a minute waiting for the sound of the limo they had rented to drive away before collapsing onto the enormous sectional couch that wrapped around Alli's living room. It was only then she'd realized that she'd forgotten in her haste to put on underwear and sighed before getting up and returning to her guest room. She was there for only a moment before she tossed off her jeans and reached for her cell phone. A few quick texts later and she was rummaging through her suitcase for some underwear to put on before she went out to get snacks for her friends later that night.

***

"I still can't believe your sister called you to house sit for them."

"I know right," Lily grinned as she reached down to pet Max. Her older sister's golden retriever was still in great shape from all the runs it had gone on trying to keep up with long legged master. "And Max is easily the best-behaved dog I've ever met. I don't know why they didn't just leave him at puppy day care or something."

"Well, at least now we have this awesome house to chill at for the week." Lily's friend, Kate, practically sank into the chair that Alli had had special ordered for her length. Despite being the tallest among them at five foot eight inches, Kate still barely measured up to Lily's older sister, and looked like a toddler with her legs swinging in front of the chair. Her blonde hair cascaded down her shoulders as she leaned forward to reach for her glass of wine on the coffee table between them. "So, what's everyone's plans for spring break?"

"Well we know yours Lily," the other girl amongst them gestured to the house and down to Max, "but I plan on spending as much of mine on the beach as I can." After seeing everyone's eyes roll she sat up and slapped her thighs, "hey what's with that look?"

"Honestly Jess, I'm surprised Alex hasn't caught on to you and your constant window shopping for a better guy." Lily giggled, reaching for her glass and taking a sip. She could tell the wine was starting to talk, but she had nowhere to be and had promised Jess and Kate they could spend the night. "I mean isn't Alex enough for you?"

"I mean he is good and all," Jess took another sip of her glass as well. "But it doesn't hurt to keep an eye out."

"Spoken like a true slut." Kate said earning her a friendly slap from Jess.

"I am not a slut." Jess pouted. "At least I'm not a closet lesbian on the volleyball team like some people."

"Hey, I'm straight as an arrow." Kate said slapping back at Jess with a frown. "Just because I touch a lot of girls' butts doesn't make me a lesbian."

"No, it's the liking it that does that." Jess shot back.

"Now, now I'll have no fighting amongst friends in Chateau de Lily." Lily said swirling her wine in the glass in front of her.

"You mean Chateau de Alli," Kate said raising her glass as well. "Although maybe we should call her and find out what she thinks of be usurped by her younger, smaller sister."

"You wouldn't dare," Lily feigned mock terror before laughing. "Besides she's still on a plane right now just out over the Pacific Ocean."

"Probably joining the mile-high club with Steve."

"Is that all you think about is guys, Jess?"

"Who wouldn't when they look like Steve?" Jess shot back then her lips twisted into an evil smile. "Unless rock hard abs and a big juicy package don't interest you Kate."

"Alright enough!" Lily shouted ceasing the bickering amongst her inebriated friends. "Let's play a game."

"What kind of game? We could get real tipsy playing a drinking game with wine."

"Ya, I'm not looking forward to that, I've got practice in the morning," Kate said.

"I was thinking a board game, Alli is bound to have a bunch of them around her somewhere." Lily said standing up from the couch and walking towards the hallway. "Now if I were board games where would I hide?"

"Try the closet under the stairs." Came Kate's shout from the living room.

Lily reached out and sure enough there were a few board games stacked away in the small shelving space available. Reaching in she took out one at random from the top of the shelf and read the cover. "Hey, have any of you heard of Choose! - Life Edition?"

"No, what's it look like?" Jess asked.

"Looks like a cheap knock off of Sorry," Lily said looking at the cover. "Wanna play?"

"Sure, doesn't sound all that complicated." Kate's voice rang from the living room.

Lily tucked the board game under one arm and shut the door behind her and walked to the living room setting her glass of wine down and the board game on the coffee table. Jess reached forward and was about to lift the lid of the box when it suddenly shook slightly and the sides of the box opened spilling out the inner contents of the game. The top of the box then dropped down as the sides folded up into four distinct felt-lined areas. In one of the areas was a pile of game cards labeled "MOVE," in another a pile labeled, "TRANSFORM," a third had what looked like an instruction booklet and pen, while the fourth just contained a pair of orange pieces with spots for writing someone's name. Every other area contained a similar set of pieces only they were in different colors of blue, red, and green.

"Well that was certainly pretty neat," Kate said reaching forward to pick up her two green pieces. "Someone want to hand me the pen so I can write my name in the spot where it says to."

"We haven't even read the instructions yet." Lily sighed.

"I think that one is self-explanatory," Jess said as she finished writing her name on the blue pieces in front of her, "Just like I'm thinking we place these here on START, and the cards in their respective piles where it says their name on the board."

Jess did just that, and Lily reached into her section and pulled out the booklet and began to read aloud, "Choose! thanks you for your purchase and hopes that you enjoy the fun and magical time-"

"Alright skip to the part where we actually learn how to play." Jess said taking another long sip of wine.

"Alright, um, game is designed for two to four players...you start in the START zone, try to get to the SAFE zone...youngest player goes first, draw a MOVE card and do what the card says. Try to get both pieces to SAFE- "

"It's SORRY." Kate said with a chuckle.

"Seems like it - no wait, in order to enter the SAFE zone a player must have at least five TRANSFORMATION cards in front of them. You can get them from MOVE cards sometimes. If you land on someone's space, you take all their TRANSFORMATION cards and they go back to START...once in the SAFE zone discard all your TRANSFORMATION CARDS- "

"Alright so who's the youngest- "

"Wait!" Lily said holding up the page in front of them, "There are special instructions for a three-player variant." She cleared her throat and continued, "If only three players can be found, the fourth player's turn will be taken starting with the first player and continuing around the table in a clockwise fashion. The card drawn for the fourth player will be automatically taken by the person who's turn in the rotation it is, and the result of the card will always be the TRANSFORMATION option if one exists."

"Oh, cool so we get a second card every three turns." Jess said. She then grabbed the booklet out of Lily's hands, "Alright so do we start with one out of the start area?"

"Yes," Lily said snatching the instructions back and placing them down in front of her before picking up the pen and writing her name on her pieces. "And since I'm the youngest- "

"Nuh uh," Jess grinned. "Maybe in every other group, but I'm two days younger than you remember?"

"Fine, you can go first." Lily said taking another sip of wine.

Jess stuck her tongue out as she reached forward and took a card from the top of the pile. "Great I got a fucking one." She showed everyone her card and sighed, "Guess it says I can either move one space or keep the card to prevent a future transformation so I guess I'll keep it."

"Serves you right," Lily said reaching forward and drawing her card. She groaned as she showed the group her card also was a one. "And this is what I get. I'm keeping mine too."

"I need to show you girls how it's done." Kate said reaching forward and without hesitation flipping over her card. "Ten baby. I'll take the spaces."

"But you didn't even read what the rest of the card said."

"Alright Lily, it said I could move backwards instead and give someone a transformation card."

"Anyone?"

"It said of my choosing so I would assume so."

"Wow that's a pretty powerful card," Jess said before reaching down to grab her card. Only to stop when she saw one already in her velvet tray next to the card she had kept. "Did any of you grab this for me?"

"No, but it's probably for the fourth player's turn." Lily shrugged.

"Oh yeah, I forgot about that, he's my second turn," she flipped the card over, "Alright a five that means I can...oh wait," She said as she saw two transformation cards suddenly appear in her tray. "That's right I have to choose that option on the free turn." She looked at the two transformation cards and burst out laughing. "Are these for real?"

"What do they say?"

"They say 'penis growth 1.5x' and 'vagina shrink 2x.' Who wrote this gag of a game?"

"I mean the book did say the game was transformative and magical fun," Lily said shrugging. "Maybe we're supposed to role play?"

"Well, whatever I'm not taking either of these," Jess said tossing both of them and the one card she had kept from her first turn back onto the table. Lily saw or at least thought she saw the cards disappear, but she must have been imagining it, since they probably just fell into the box beneath the board somehow. "Alright now for my real turn." She drew a card and placed it down on the table, "got an eight so I'm moving eight spaces. I'll get those weird transformation cards later."

"I guess I'll go then," Lily said taking a card, "Well, guess I'll be winning early," She showed everyone the four she had drawn the envy of anyone on the start space. "I'll go backwards four spaces."

"What else could you do with that card, Lily?" Kate asked as she drew her card.

"I could have undone a transformation on myself, whatever that means. But since I didn't have any it wouldn't have mattered anyways."

"Alright, well I'm going to draw another move card instead of using this two I drew." Kate said reaching for the pile again. "And lady luck paid off, I got a twelve, bitches!"

"Seriously no fair!" Jess pouted.

"Well I guess I could have gotten any transformation I wanted, but I couldn't give up the spaces." Kate said smiling.

Once again Lily looked down and this time a move card had appeared in her area. Still confused how it got there she drew it and played it face up on the table. "Well guess I'm the first one to get transform cards." Everyone saw Lily's eight in front of her as she found the two cards already in her area. "The cards say 'Butt Shrink 1.5x' and 'Vagina Shrink 1.5x' so whatever that means." 

Lily placed the cards down into her area and was about to say it was Jess's turn when she suddenly she felt a tingling sensation between her legs. It wasn't altogether unpleasant, just very strange, as it traveled from between her legs to her hips and back again. She squirmed a little in her seat and hardly noticed the looseness of her pants about her waist and hips. What she did notice was that somehow her underwear was starting to itch and she had to readjust them secretly to pull them up higher to fit more snuggly. 

"How does it feel to have a smaller vagina?" Jess giggled as she reached to draw her card.

"Don't make fun of her," Kate said staring at Jess. "You don't have to poke fun just because she mentioned role playing to make the game more interesting."

"Well, you know what?" Jess said showing everyone the eight she had just drawn. "To show I'm sorry I'll take two transformation cards too." She reached for the two cards and read them aloud as she turned them over. "I got a 'muscles shrink 2x' and a 'penis shrink 1.5x' so I guess only one of these will do something." She put the two cards into her section before a tingling feeling permeated through her body. She shivered slightly hardly realizing her already slim body was taking up less space in her pants and blouse. As she gestured to Lily to take her turn, she reached for her wine glass and was surprised at how it felt just slightly heavier. Although she chalked it up to the alcohol getting the better of her, it was a little concerning that she had to grip the glass that much harder.

"Well guess I'm still going backwards," Lily said as she showed everyone else another four on her move card.

"And now for the first of my two turns," Kate said drawing her move card. "And the first one is a seven so I'll just take all the spaces." She moved her piece and was about to reach for another move card when she noticed one in her area. "Thanks for getting me a card girls," she flipped it over. "A five means that I get to draw two cards and choose one them." Looking down again at the board she saw two cards in front of her. Picking them both up she examined them carefully and finally placed one down in her area. "I think I'll take the 'muscle growth 1.5x' instead of the 'vagina growth 2x,'" she grinned. "If this were real Jess it'd be just like I took your muscles just now." 

All the girls laughed even as Kate started to feel like someone had begun to rub hands all over her body. It only lasted for a few moments, but she was almost shocked when she reached across the table to put the other card in the discard pile and saw her arm looked like it normally did after a day's worth of lifting. While she thought it odd, she didn't point it out to the other girls as Jess drew her card. "Finally, something good," she grinned tossing the twelve down on the table.

"So, you're going to look for a transformation then," Lily grinned.

"No, I'm taking the spaces, I have to catch up with you two." She moved herself twelve spaces and put her card in the discard pile.

"Alright so my turn then," Lily grabbed a card. "Well I guess I'll move three spaces then."

"What's the rest of the card say?" Kate asked as she reached for her own move card.

"Oh, it just said I could choose a transformation card." Lily shrugged. "Nothing fancy."

"Well, then I guess I'll do the transformation option then," Kate said tossing down her own three. "Have to keep up with the rest of you with your two transformation."

"Way to use my line." Jess grinned.

Kate just smiled as she drew her card and grinned, "Here's something I could get used to," she showed the group the transformation card she'd drawn, "'breast growth 1.5x' is something I could definitely use."

"What, you're already the second biggest." Lily complained. "Give it to the girl who's in last for everything."

"Sorry, but my little B-cups are getting an upgrade."

"You wish," Jess snorted. "Like that would really - oh my god, Kate your, your boobs!"

"What about them?" Kate asked before suddenly feeling an unfamiliar pinch across her chest. Looking down she saw that the pinch was coming from her bra cups digging into the front of her breasts which were just finishing spilling over the top of the cups. Startled she reached up to grab them and realized they felt surprisingly real, so real in fact if she didn't know better she would have just assumed she'd accidently worn one of Lily's A-cup bras instead of her own B-cups. 

"Did your boobs just grow?"

"I don't know, maybe?"

"What do you mean maybe?"

"Look Jess they're definitely mine."

"Then why do they look like they're spilling out of your shirt? It didn't look like that a second ago." Jess narrowed her eyes, "You fucking with us Kate?"

"No I'm serious," she sighed and stood up and reached down to the bottom of her tank top.

"What are you doing?"

"Ease up Lily, we're all girls here." Kate rolled her eyes and pulled her tank top off over her head. When she did so, it was clear to see that her breasts were now pushing out ever so slightly below and above the cups of her bra. 
