 Choose 2: Life Edition - The Final Round

Standard disclaimer this story includes transformation, growth, shrinking, sexual situations and other fetish themes in the form of a board game. If you should not be reading this, I urge you to turn back now, but if you came looking for that sort of thing I welcome you to the Part 2 of Choose 2: Life Edition. However, I was originally planning on making this a three-part story, but as of right now the original part 2 was taking too long to complete and I owed you all more of Choose 2, so I figured I would write a short synopsis at the front and release "The Week between the Rounds" as a Part 1.5 later when it gets wrapped up. The synopsis is mainly to get you all caught up with the size changes that take place during the week that I had already planned out so everyone is on the same page as me going into this. Any feedback is always welcome and hope you enjoy.- Ragnarok385

Short Synopsis of The Week Between Rounds

After the events of Round 1 of the Choose 2 story, the girls awoke to find themselves at their own homes. Only each of them seemed to discover that reality had warped itself to adjust to the changes the three girls had adopted as a result of Round 1. Jess found she was a fetish model for shrunken submissive women enthusiasts, Kate was a member of the women's rugby team instead of her normal position as a volley ball player, and Lily discovered she was under house arrest and an ex-WNBA player. When the three girls met up that first night the board game declared that they needed to spend a minimum of five days in their current bodies in order to see how different their lives were. Ultimately, this left Jess upset, but Kate and Lily tried to look on the bright side of their changes.

Upon waking the next morning, Lily discovered that because she had finished Round 1 first she had extra turns to take. Not only was she able to take them now, but she was also able to take them as though she was another of her friends in the game. The only caveat was that all the cards drawn had to result in transformations. So, on Tuesday she took as Jess and ends up drawing a "Butt Growth 1.5x" card for the girl. Jess meanwhile is unaware that her butt has grown, but has always thought it rivals her chest for the most prominent asset on her body as she goes about her day.

On the next day, Lily decides to take another of her turns, only this time she takes it as Kate. Shocked, she finds she's drawn a "Muscles Growth 2x" card and is shocked as her memories rearrange themselves. Kate for her part is the never the wiser as instead of waking up and heading to rugby practice, she turns her bulging muscles to the gym to meet her Olympic weightlifting coach. Lily also decides that she might as well let Jess have her extra turn, and meets her later that evening. Jess immediately takes the turn for herself hoping to improve her fortunes, and is rewarded with "Breast Shrink 2x" and "Height Growth 1.5x" bringing her immense boobs down a couple pegs while at the same time returning her to her previous height of five foot four inches tall.

On Thursday, Lily awoke and felt as though she should take her last extra turn as herself. Upon drawing her cards, she is a little upset at the "Height Shrink 1.5x" that she drew, but ecstatic about the "Breast Growth 2x" card. Watching as her view point dwindled to a still statuesque six feet eleven inches tall she was more than happy to see her already busty figure enlarge greatly to approach Jess's old size.

So now that it's Friday the girls are gathering again at Lily's house for the start of the final round of the game, and who knows what pleasures or transformations are in store for them...

The Final Round

"I'm coming!" Lily shouted down at the knocking on the door that sounded more like a battering ram at the castle gates. She had just barely reached the door and pulled it open when she gasped at the truly herculean form standing on her front steps. 

"Uh, huh. I'm sure you were." Kate said turning sideways to fit her broad shoulders through the door. It was hardly an effort to push her nearly seven-foot-tall house mate out of the way and make her way to the back patio. 

"Hey what did you mean by...HEY! I don't do that kind of stuff on livestream!" Lily shouted after her friend.

"She had a rough day at the gym," Kate said quietly from the steps as Lily turned to see her supermodel friend attempting to look her in the eye. "I guess they kicked her off the Olympic team for using performance enhancers."

"It's not true!" Kate roared from down the hall. "The coach was jealous because I was going to beat her record, and the guys were jealous because my cock is bigger than all of theirs combined!"

"While that may be true," Lily couldn't help but shrug, "You did kind of use a performance enhancer."

"Ya just in the form of a board game." Jess quickly added.

Both Jess and Lily calmed when they saw Kate's football sized bicep relax from her unclenched fists. Even more surprising they watched as she seemed to deflate in front of them. "Look girls, this week has been fun, but it's also been a lot harder than I thought it would be."

"I can imagine."

"Oh, quiet Lily."

"You deserved it after that comment at the door." Jess interjected between them.

"I guess I did." Kate said, then smirked. "Leave it to the two internet models to take each other's side. I'm sure if you two did a show on Lily's channel your ratings would go through the roof. I know Jess won't be faking it, but maybe you won't have to either Lily." 

Lily looked down at Jess and saw her face a deep shade of crimson. "Alright enough teasing, you girls ready to beat this game?"

Ever since I got in the truck and drove over here." Kate said. "I'll meet you out on the patio it's a nice night outside."

"Aren't you worried people are going to see?" Jess asked.

"It's a magical board game," Lily shrugged, "I'm sure it can handle an audience."

"And if not, I'm sure Lily will distract everyone enough with her tits hanging out of that bikini she's got on." Kate said, grabbing the box as she walked out the screen door to the back yard. "It's sure doing wonders for me, wouldn't you agree Jess."

Again, Lily looked down to see Jess not so secretly sneaking looks at her boobs which were threatening to spill out of the purposefully small bikini. Truth be told it was actually her sister's, but she didn't think twice, considering she knew that in this reality Jess was very much a lesbian. Giggling she reached down over the back of the chair and pulled a T-shirt out from between the covers and tossed it over her head. "Don't worry I'll put the girls away."

"It's more I can't believe I was bigger than that at some point last week. Even being as tiny as I was."

"Trust me I wondered how you stayed upright." Lily chuckled. The two made their way out onto the patio where Kate had carried three chairs and the table over closer to the awning and sliding door. More impressive was she had done the whole thing at once, and without any visible effort despite the table and chairs being hardwood and the chairs stacked atop the table. And in her other hand she held the game board.

"Alright you girls ready to begin the final round?" Kate asked.

"Uh, before we start I have a small confession." Lily said. Both girls looked at her curious, and Lily continued. "So, Jess knows that there were some extra rules associated with last week because they pertained to her too."

"You're talking about the extra turns?"

"Ya, and I know you got your one extra turn Jess and you used it to turn yourself back to your normal height and shrink your boobs."

"Whoa, how short did you used to be?" Kate asked.

"Oh, I forgot to tell you I did that." Jess said sitting down in one of the chairs. "I used to be about three and a half feet tall with boobs even bigger than Lily's."

"Jesus how'd you stand up straight?" Kate blurted out. Both Lily and Jess turned to each other and burst out laughing. "What?"

"Nothing we were just wondering the same thing." Lily said.

"You knew?"

"Ya, I had the game board and brought it over to her house before one of her shoots." Lily said, "but that's kinda what I wanted to talk to you about. I used my first free turn to make your butt bigger, Jess."

"Oh, I had that figured out when you left the game board with me and I saw I already had a card in play when I drew for my extra turn." Jess said smiling. "I guess you were trying to balance me out."

"It was that or a smaller vagina," Lily shrugged, "and I didn't think you could afford a smaller one when you were already so tiny."

"How thoughtful of you." Jess smirked.

"Okay, so that's Jess's extra turn and one of yours to do something to Jess." Kate said looking back to Lily. "What else did you do?"

"Uh, well, even Jess doesn't know this, but you didn't use to be so muscular." Lily paused briefly before continuing. "I mean you were still really strong, but not like ridiculously strong and all bodybuilder like you are now. You were playing women's rugby instead of volleyball."

"I guess that makes sense," Kate said looking down at her biceps and feeling her hardened eight pack abs. "It was a little fuzzy but I did remember getting stronger from last game, I guess it just wasn't this much." Narrowing her eyes, "You didn't do anything to my-"

"No, your penis is the same as it was at the start of the week." Lily rolled her eyes. That seemed to satisfy Kate who sat back and both Jess and Lily could see the massive bulge inside her spandex shorts twitch a little. "And finally, the last thing I did was to shrink myself a little bit and give me these boobs."

"How tall were you if you shrunk?" Jess said.

"I was a little over ten feet tall." Lily bit her lip remembering how awesome it was to tower over everyone. "And I was only a D-cup then."

"Jesus, you were almost three times as tall as I was." Jess said shocked.

"The first day you came over you were sitting on Kate's shoulders and barely came up to my boobs." Lily laughed.

"Funny, I remember carrying Jess to the front door with her on my shoulders because she thought it was going to be the only way we were ever going to be able to look down on you."

"That's because you remember me being my current height on that day, and not the height I really was since reality got shifted a little."

"Alright that's making my head hurt." Kate sighed exasperated.

"I agree, this thing's way too dangerous, we should just finish this round and be done with it." Jess said.

"The reality altering thing is a little hard to keep track of, even though I was the only one who remembers it all clearly." Lily said before gesturing to the game, "And while I agree the game could be dangerous we all survived the week without anything really bad happening to us. And that's what I think the game was trying to get across. At the end of the day it is still a game, and games are supposed to be fun, and sometimes a little challenging. So, let's not rush this last round and enjoy ourselves."

"Well said Lily." Kate grinned.

"I mean it can't leave us transformed, so I guess we should just enjoy what happens." Jess said and reached for the box and the instructions. "Hey Lily, there's some new text on the page, want me to read it?"

"Sure, it's probably just new rules or something."

"Alright here goes," Jess cleared her throat and began reading. "I hope you all enjoyed your week supplied to you by Choose! - Life Edition. Our game designers worked hard to ensure that each of your experiences were unique and befitting of the changes you experienced in Round 1. Now that we enter into the Final round of the game, there are some new rules that are in place. The first rule is that all TRANSFORM cards are doubled in magnitude. That means a "Breast Growth 2x" card from Round 1 is now a "Breast Growth 4x" card. Vice versa a "Height Shrink 1.5x" card from Round 1 is now a "Height Shrink 3x" card. Also, be aware that the game does not end until all players have entered into the SAFE zone. The first player to enter the zone will be considered the winner, and be allowed to choose from the various prizes to be revealed at the end of the game. As always, in the Final Round five TRANSFORM cards are required to enter the SAFE area. Enjoy the finale of Choose! - Life Edition."

"Well what are we waiting for," Lily said reaching for the top card of the pile. Surprised, she found it wouldn't budge and looked at Kate and Jess, "Uh, who's turn, is it?"

"I think I get to go first like I did in the first round." Jess said reaching forward and drawing a card. "Well since I'm starting the game with three transformation cards, I'll take the ten spaces I just drew." She watched her piece move along the board and grinned. "Much better start than last round."

"Well you're no fun," Lily said drawing her card. "I'll take the transformation portion of this five." She drew two cards and broke out into laughter, "See this is how you start the game right!"

Both Kate and Jess hardly noticed as Lily tossed her "Butt Growth 3x" card into the discard pile and focused instead on the "Height Growth 4x" card sitting now in her transformation card zone. In an instant, there was a loud snapping noise and the too tight bikini top flew across the lawn like a rocket. Lily just about had the presence of mind to roll off of the chair she was rapidly outgrowing and roll onto the lawn. To Jess and Kate it looked like a scene out of Alice in Wonderland as Lily's body swelled in front of them, bigger and bigger. Jess couldn't help but stare at Lily's bare butt as it crept up higher and higher, her hips quickly growing taller than even Jess was tall. And Jess could only keep staring as that body continued to dominate her view, until Lily rolled over onto her back and thrust her chest up into the air like the mountains of flesh they were. Each one capped with a beautifully pink and engorged nipple that she would have no chance of reaching until she scaled those peaks. 

Kate for her part was stunned, especially when she tried to move the still elongating and swelling legs away from the table and found even with her incredible strength it was impossible. The giantess of a woman was just too heavy, although she vowed never to tell her that. Considering as she watched Lily turn once more to face both her and Jess that Kate was positive her whole body could fit between the slit in between Lily's legs. For the first time since having her impressive dick, she felt considerably less impressive.

"WOW that was awesome!" Lily said, before looking down and seeing that both Kate and Jess had covered their ears at the sound. "Sorry," she whispered realizing that her friends, who looked like babies to her were probably sensitive to her shouting. "But you guys are so tiny."

"That's the understatement of the day." Kate said.

"Y-y-you're huge!" Stammered Jess.

"Never mind, that tops it." Kate said dryly.

"But how do you fit in the yard?" Jess suddenly blurted out. And the three girls looked around and saw that Lily was in fact still in the center of the yard. The fence which had seemed so close before now looked like it was half a block away. 

"There's probably something in the instruction book," Kate said reaching for it, and scanning the text on the page. "Ah, here we go. Since players can get to some larger sizes, the game will compensate by creating a safe space for play which will not affect the immediate surroundings of all players."

"Well that answers that." Lily said before grinning. "Hang on, I want to see how tiny you are when I stand up." And with that she gathered her legs underneath her and rose, up and up. Past the height of her house, and then realized that at her full height she could probably rest her boobs on the roof without much trouble. Looking down she saw that Kate and Jess had both stood and were craning their necks up to try and see her face. Truth be told, if she wasn't looking to the side of her massive breasts, she wouldn't have even been able to see them. Especially since neither of them was tall enough to reach her knee. "You're so cute down there."

"Everything is cute when it's smaller." Kate said before she realized what she'd said and blushed. "Guess it works the other way around too."

"I guess it does," Lily said before squatting back down onto her knees and then reclining along the grass next to the game board. "Well now that you've both had a good stare up my pussy, let's continue this game."

Both Jess and Kate blushed and Kate turned back to the board to take her turn. "Well I got a five too. I think I'll follow Lily's lead and see where this takes me." She reached down and grabbed two cards and tossed away a "Breast Shrink 4x" and put a "Butt Growth 4x" into her transformation area. The effect wasn't all that noticeable at first because she had her back to the group. However, Jess was able to see the front of Kate's spandex shorts grow tighter and tighter against the bulge in the front that was snaking its way down her well-muscled thigh.

"Well, let's see the goods girl," Lily sighed. "Don't make me do it for you. You know I can now."

"Alright, fine I'll show you," Kate said before turning around and practically peeling the skin-tight spandex down around her clearly swollen tush. The effect was interesting on Kate as her immense muscles seemed to have tightened up the extra flesh to the point of perfection. There was hardly any jiggle in her butt, despite the fact that you could tell it was plush and covered in a thin layer of fat.

"Wow, so that's what girls want when they do crunches and squats." Lily said looking over her own shoulder at her expansive rear. "I think I like the jiggle in mine better."

"Well, that's good, because it took me years to get this ass." Kate smirked. Before she realized that another card was floating above her section. "What is that?"

"Oh, I forgot about the extra turn, guess it's your turn to get the fourth player's card." Jess said as Kate reached for the card.

"Well, it's a three which means another transformation card. Let's see what it is." She reached onto the pile and drew a card and smirked, "Well, guess you're going to lose the title of biggest breasts around, Lily."

"I find that highly unlikely." She said laughing even as she saw the "Breast Growth 3x" card in Kate's transformation area. "Even with that."

"Well everything's, mmmm, relative." Kate moaned as she reached up to massage her nipples which were quickly tenting the fabric of her tank top. It wasn't too much longer before that same tank top was struggling to contain any of the flesh billowing forth from Kate's chest. More and more of her abs came into view as the tank top struggled to keep up with the swelling mounds that hardly hung at all from the slabs of muscles that were Kate's pectorals. As a matter of course, Kate hardly even wore a bra all week because of the firmness of her chest and how strongly it held up her breasts barely allowing for any sag at all. Now, as her breasts reached the point where her arms could just barely reach her nipples, she realized that the tank top which used to fit tightly to her torso was performing that function. Even then she was able to catch Jess trying desperately not to rub herself, considering the amount of underboob that was showing from Kate's spherically shaped breasts.

"They look almost fake," Lily said from on high causing Kate to turn towards her.

"Well I can assure you they're one hundred percent real." Kate said turning to Jess and winking at the poor girl, "Wanna feel to confirm?"

"Don't tease me like that," Jess said as she reached for the pile of cards, "You know I want to, hell everything about you screams sexy." She sighed and placed her hand on top of the pile, "I just want to join in the fun too." She turned over the four in front of her and sighed.
