 Standing on the hill looking down at the army, I was amazed at how far we had come in just a year. From a few thousand men to legions flying banners. We had fought hard and won. Men seemed to flock to the winners it seemed. Especially if the winning army was fighting for something they believed in. But tomorrow's battle would be the culmination of a dream for many of these men if Odin granted us victory. Yet it will not be easy. Just a few leagues away the scouts had reported 20 legions of Rome's finest preparing to meet us head on. Our 15 to their 20.  

Looking to the heavens, I gripped my sword and prayed to Odin for strength and bravery in the coming battle. Feeling the cool wind lick my face I lowered my head to stare in the direction of the Romans. They were not far away. Waiting and preparing as we were. Tomorrow would give us freedom or death. 

"What are you praying for husband? You know we will win tomorrow."

Jumping at the sound of Kara's voice, I turn to face the woman who had changed my life. Her long blonde hair glistened in the light of the stars. Her muscular body moved with the grace of a wolf as she came closer. Smiling as she approached, I couldn't help but feel my heart reach out to her.

"So is that your prediction or have you seen the raven banner of the Valkyrie?"

Tilting her head, Kara's lip curves into a smile that reaches her blue eyes.

"I don't need to see the banner. I've been told we shall win. You forget Erik, I was a Valkyrie before I was disgraced."

Nodding my head, I remember the day Kara appeared in our village. A fallen Valkyrie. Her armor dented, her fair skin exhibiting the wounds of battle. From immortal to mortal she'd been tossed. Odin was strict on his rules. Kara had broken them. Now she aged like the rest of mankind. 

"So we shall win. Shall you and I die tomorrow my love or shall we celebrate the victory?"

Turning to follow my gaze over the camp, Kara shakes her head.

"That is not known. But if we die, we shall see the halls of Valhalla my love. Our souls have been chosen. You've fought bravely Erik. I'll be proud to fight by your side at Ragnarok"

Reaching for Kara's hand, calloused from the spear she wields so well, I pull her close to my firm body. 

"You know the ways of the Gods my love. Not I. I've done enough fighting in this life for any man. To fight each day until the final battle, Ragnarok, is too much for me. I don't enjoy the fight as some do. I do this for our freedom from the Romans. Not so my soul shall fight in Valhalla and wait until the final battle of the world."

Wrapping her arms around me, Kara moves her strong body against mine. The smell of jasmine drifts through her hair as the wind caresses her body. Feeling Kara pressing against me, my arms envelope her sinewy body. 

"That is not our choice Erik. As you say, that is the way of the Gods. The Valkyrie choose the brave souls who will fight the final battle. We've been chosen. Be proud my husband. You shall stand beside Odin himself when the time comes."

Moving from Kara's grasp, I stare into her passion filled eyes.

"Who will you stand beside wife? Me or the man who cost you your immortality?"

Watching the anger flare in Kara's eyes, I stepped back and waited for the fire to rage. Straightening her back, her firm breast pointing at me proudly, I am surprised to notice her shoulders slump. 

"I will be with you Erik. Sigurd will fight with his comrades. He's just one of the souls I had chosen for the final battle. I don't regret choosing him husband. He'll fight well. I do regret giving him my virginity. That was my mistake. Even God's and Goddess's make them Erik. But I am yours. Now and into the next world after Ragnarok. I'll leave you to think of the oncoming battle. I'll see you in our tent my love."

Watching Kara move down the hill towards the encampment, I feel like a snail under the boots of a common Roman soldier. Angry at myself I turn and stare into the mountains. In that direction the Romans will advance. We shall win. Kara said so. She'd spoken with an old friend I'm sure. A Valkyrie. The raven banner was active. It's beak was open, it's wings were flying. We'll win. 

But will Kara survive? That's what eats into my soul. Since coming to the village she's no longer immortal. Now, she can die as well as the rest of us. She lost herself to the passion of the battle and gave herself to him. Valkyrie are to be virgins, Odin's strict rule. Dedicated to the battle and the search for the warriors to fight Ragnarok. Break the rules and you become a mortal. That's what happened to Kara. 

Looking over the encampment, I remember how Kara stole my heart. No one would talk to her. They were all afraid of Odin's wrath. Sliding off her white horse, she brushed the dust from her armor. Everyone knew she was a warrior. But the fair skin, blue eyes, blonde hair and white horse gave her away as a Valkyrie. Only her horse had lost it's wings, and Kara her life. 

When she entered the inn, everyone moved away. Perhaps it was fear of the warrior and the blood dripping off her loins. Perhaps they feared talking with the survivor of a battle that took place not so far away. Either way, no one spoke. She sat at her table eating the soup and bread. Not looking at anyone. Not until I sat down across from her.

Times were tough. No one was calling for the use of a blacksmith to make plows and harnesses when the Romans were at their doorstep. My fires had grown cold and the money from a border looked inviting. Kara accepted. 

For the next year and a half Kara rented out the extra room. In the meantime, she paid by giving me lessons on the sword and spear. Times were getting tougher. The Romans were taxing the population heavily and committing our men to the far corners of the world. As Kara taught me the ways of the world and of the Gods, I fell in love. 

WIth Kara's urging I spoke out. No longer being the quiet blacksmith struggling to make a living, I concentrated on making swords for those who felt as I did. Slowly, over time, we formed an army. Kara was at my side. Our love had grown. The lessons in swordsmanship, the nights sitting around the table eating and talking, all led to knowing each other's past and dreams. 

Kara had loved before she met me. When she was a Valkyrie. A soul she had chosen touched her heart for his bravery in battle. Before he died, they had made love. To the God Odin, that was not allowed. All Valkyrie must be virgins. Kara was lost.  But not to me. She taught me politics, swordsmanship and combat. Everything she could remember was passed on for me to form an army for freedom.

When Kara and I were married before the army, the celebration rivaled that of any Roman holiday. The fallen Valkyrie was marrying a village blacksmith. Since meeting Kara, I had spoken out against the tyranny of the Romans, had men supporting me and worked my sword like a warrior. Times had changed with the thought of freedom. Now we were on the edge of victory. All thanks to Kara.

Moving down the hill towards our tent, I noticed the men standing as I approached. Crossing their right arm across their chest in a mock salute of the Romans I smiled. Looking at a familar face I walk over to the fire.

"So Grun. We shall have victory tomorrow. Kara has seen the banner. Tell the men so they will fight proudly."

Grun smiles as he slaps his arm across his chest.

"That I shall my Lord. Tomorrow the men will fight bravely behind you and Kara. Our freedom is guaranteed."

Watching Grun turn and run among the fires, I head for the tent that Kara and I have called home for the last year. 

As I entered the tent, the smell of incense wafts across my senses. Kara is lying in the bed. The linen outlines Kara's curves. Removing my sword, I watch the candles flicker on the walls of the tent. 

Throwing the scented water over my lean body, I slip the loin cloth off. Standing their naked in the candles, I stare at Kara lying in our bed. The linens move with each breath she takes. Her blonde hair drifts across her back.  

Slipping under the cotton linen, I pull Kara close to my naked body. I feel her muscles relax as she turns to face me. 

"Erik, I'm sorry I got upset tonight. You have every right to ask me that. I just want you to know I love you and that you have my heart forever."

Wiping the tears form Kara's eyes, I pull her closer against me. Smelling the jasmine in Kara's hair, I wrap my arms around her soft shoulders.

"I understand Kara. I'm sorry also. I'm just worried about you tomorrow."

Moving her head back from mine, Kara looks into my brown eyes. 

"I'll be fine my husband. I spoke with Svafa as the sun set."

Running my hand through Kara's hair I smile. 

"Svafa, one of the Valkyrie. That's how you know we'll win tomorrow. Odin blesses us my love. So she knows you will survive the battle tomorrow?"

Staring into my eyes, I watch Kara blink away the forming tears. 

"Yes, I will survive. At sunrise I'm a Valkyrie again. Odin has let Brunhilde marry. Freya argued that our marriage is bound by love and that I should be allowed the same priviledges as Brunhilde. Odin smiles on us honey. I'll ride Dagr and lead the battle for the men. He'll be proud to have his wings back."

Staring at Kara, I am lost in confusion. The woman I love, once immortal then mortal, is about to be immortal again. I can feel the wind whipping through my mind. My thoughts of growing old together erased in one moment. I lay there staring at Kara. My eyes the size of gold coins. 

Wrapping me in her arms, Kara kisses me softly as she presses against me. 

"We're married Erik. We will be together forever. Life or death. I've claimed your soul as mine. You and I will fight and sleep together until Ragnarok."

Feeling overwhelmed, I feel the tears forming in my eyes. Tomorrow I may die, but I will now always be with Kara.

Burying my face in Kara's neck, I kiss her passionately. 

The night was ours. The love between a man and goddess blended in the warmth of the tent. Together we became one. Our bodies glistening from the sweat of our love. Shadows dancing on the walls of the tent. The flames of the candles dancing with our rhythm.  

As the dance of the candles end, I look into Kara's eyes. 

"I will make you proud tomorrow my love. Live or die, I shall follow you and Dagr into battle. I'll fight to make the Gods envy our love."

Kara wraps her arms around me. Kissing my lips, she whispers.

"The God's are already proud of you my husband. Now sleep, tomorrow will be a long day."

As I feel my eyes getting heavy, I cuddle next to Kara's chest. Her bare bosom comforting me as I try to drift off to sleep. In the corners of my mind I hear a whisper. 

"When you die tomorrow, our souls will be together. I love you Erik."

At the last moments of being awake, I feel Kara's soft lips touch mine.

The next morning comes early. Hours before the sunrise I awaken. Thoughts of that whisper echo through my mind. Slipping from underneath the linen, I relight the candles. Servants rush into the tent.  

Standing there while the servants place my armor, my mind wonders about the whispering voice. I shall die today. That's what it said. Then Kara kissed me. She knows my future. She has to! Savfa had to tell her. I will die today. The God's have said it. But maybe, if I take the army back, or maybe if we do something different? I'll live another day. What if we just vanish into the hills and forest? Maybe then Kara and I can be together in peace. No wars, no fighting. 

Standing there as the servants coat my body in armor I shake my head. That will never do. We'll still be slaves to Rome. We'll fight today, and win. I may not see it, but the others will. Then, I'll spend eternity with Kara. 

Moving a servant aside, I lean over the bed and swat Kara's firm ass.  

"It's time my love. Wake up and become a Valkyrie."

With a gasp, the servants stare at Kara. They all knew her past. She'd fallen for a man who died and was taken to Valhalla. Now, we were married. Many of the servants were peasants from the village that Kara had sought refuge. Each now served for a fair wage. Each were loyal and trusting. But they never had heard me say that.

Scanning the eyes of the servants as I turned back around, I grinned. 

"Kara is to become a Valkyrie again at sunrise. Her honor has been restored by Odin. She gives us victory this day. Dress her well."

Turning to face Kara as she slowly begins to move, I slap her firm ass one more time.

"Come on wife. Get up. The God's are making you immortal again. We'll spend eternity together after today."

Kara moved under the linen. Her muscular body shifting with the shadows. 

"I'm awake Erik. Can I have another few minutes sleep though?"

Standing there laughing, the armor fit snug against my body, I move to the bed.

"Even Valkyrie can't stop the time of battle. Men are men. We must be ready to fight within the hour."

Kara sits up in the bed. The sheets draped over her firm body.

"Is it that time already my love? I was dreaming of Valhalla and you. Is it time for battle this soon?"

Running my hands through Kara's golden hair, I smile. 

"Yes, it is time for mortals to die my wife. You shall be safe. I will go see that the soldiers are ready. You get dressed."

Motioning for the servants to gather Kara's armor, I stand and walk out of the tent. The fresh scent of pine mixed with the smoke of fires mixes with the morning air. I stand outside the tent watching the army eat their meager rations. Today, many will die. I will be one. But the final victory will be ours.  

Approaching a campfire for a bite to eat, the men nod their heads and grin.

"We'll send them to Hel today my Lord. Let Loki drive them out."

Smiling at the men as I take a slice of meat, I look at the faces surrounding me.

Young and old, beards of gray and fuzz on chins. Yet each has proven themselves in battle. Today wwill be the final answer of their proof. 

"We'll send them to Hel boys. But only we can drive out the Romans, not Loki."

Hearing the cheers, I wander around the camp. Looking into the eyes of each man, I get a feeling of how they will fair. One, with a passion for death, will fight like a bear. The next, with a look of fear, will fight for survival. Either way, these men are ready. They will fight hard and strong. Odin will be proud. 

Suddenly, there is a gasp from the men. All eyes look at the hill where Kara and I rest. As the sun seeps over the horizon, I turn and watch Kara walk to Dagr. Catching my breath, I stare in amazement at the beauty of the woman I love.

Grabbing a plain white silken banner, Kara mounts her proud steed. Lowering his head to make his annoucement, Dagr stomps his hooves into the dusty soil. Without warning, he spreads his wings to the morning breeze. Kara is once again a Valkyrie.  She holds the banner high in the wind. The white silk relects the active raven. 

The cheer from the men reach into the heavens. The sign of the raven foretells their victory. Mounting Dagr, Kara's armor glistens under the morning sun. As the sound of cheers reach the heavens, Valkyries dressed for battle appear riding their mounts to Kara. Raising her sword, Kara watches the female warriors descend. 

Their mounts setting down beside Kara, the troops cheer loudly. The armor of the Valykrie's glistens in the sun. Their horses white as the snow of home. With the Valkyrie's formed before us, I call to the officers to form for battle.

Marching to the hill, Kara places Dagr in my path. 

"Shall we fly my love? Dagr would love to try out his wings again."

Smiling up at Kara, I pat Dagr's rump. 

"Give us mortals some time my friend. Let us form. Then I will ride you to Hel if you chose."

Dagr turns his head back to Kara and nods. 

Kara strokes Dagr's mane as she turns and looks at me. 

"He'll be proud to ride you to Hel Erik. Together we shall take the tiller from Loki."

Smiling, I jump onto Dagr's rump. Turning I watch the men form behind the Valkyrie's.

Banners flying, spears thrust outward, each soldier in his place. I look at the other 2 Valkyrie leading the charge. Their golden hair flying in the wind. Their spears mounted behind the shields. They look at the army and smile their approval. 

Raising my sword I yell to the men below. 

"Shall we meet in Valhalla."

With a roar the the banners begin to advance. Swords are unsheathed, spears are tilted.

With a quick slap on Dagr's rump, I yell.

"Go for it boy. Let's lead to victory."

With one swift motion, Dagr leaps into the air. Behind him the other Valkyrie's follow. Their armor glistening under the sun. I smile at Kara as we touch down on the next hill. 

"Lead the men here my love. Have the other two Valkyrie's stay here. It's time to put our plan into motion."

I stand watching as twenty of Rome's legions move into place. Their lines of combat form perfectly. Behind, the cavalry forms. Ranks of thousands ready to slash into our dreams of free. Looking at Kara as she nods her head and kicks Dagr, she smiles.

"Remember what I taught you husband. The element is surprise. You will win."

Looking back over my shoulder, I watch our army marching up the hill. Our cavalry is small compared to the Romans. But surprise is the answer. Kara is right.

Savfra sits her horse beside me as I smile at my plan. 

"Lead them to death Savfa. Take the first five legions forward into battle. The Romans will commit their cavalry thinking it's the main battle. Then we shall envelop them. Our archers will kill thousands. Then the troops and cavalry will finish the battle."

Savfa smiles at me. Her blue eyes dancing in the morning sun. 

"Kara said you were wise and brave. I shall lead them Erik. I'll see you in Valhalla."

Motioning five legions forward, I stand watching as they advance into the Roman army. With the fury of norsemen, the legions release their fury. Blade meets blade. Blood soaks the earth. Feeling the time of conquest is near, the Roman General releases his cavalry to halt the fighting. 

That was his mistake. The five legions had done their damage. Now the Romans were committed. With a wave of my sword, the remaining ten legions swarm over the hills. From the flanks, our cavalry attacks. The Romans are trapped. Arrows fly into the ranks of the Roman legionaires. Bodies falling to the shafts of wood. 

Looking overhead, I watch as Kara and the Valkyries charge forward. Leading the men to victory I can't help but admire the beauty of my wife. Dagr's hooves stepping as he flies toward the final outcome. Kara's golden hair fly's in the rush of wind. Her sword held high, she leads the Valkyrie's into battle. The men below scream the passion of the Norseman. Following Kara, they advance into the Romans.

Meeting my first opponent, I parry a blow and move my sword into his belly. Behind me, the troops rush onward. The battle is now engaged. There is no turning back. Throughout the morning, men grunt and die. My armor is dented from the blows of Roman troopers. My sword is covered in blood. Prayers for a merciful death cover the field. 

The Valkyries circle, watching the battle. Looking for the brave souls to fight in Ragnarok. 

Screaming at the top of my voice, I see the Roman General. My body painted for battle, I rush to meet my foe. One on one. The battle is about to end. Holding my broadsword over my head, I swing at the man. His guards are busy. He's on his own. Overhead, Kara and Dagr circle. Watching. Choosing the souls for the next battle.

The General stabs with his short sword. Jumping back, I swing as my sword slices into the Roman's side. Dropping his sword, the General grabs my sword and stares at me. Yelling to Odin, I wrench my sword from the bones. Suddenly, without warning, I feel the iron in my back. Watching the General drop to the earth, I turn and stare at the soldier who has stabbed me. 
