 Ch.02: Adjustment

*************************************************

Copyright Oggbashan December 2004

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

This story was inspired by Piers Anthony's short story ‘The Bridge'. I cannot describe this as an original work only as a variation on his theme.

The first chapter should be read before this one.

*************************************************

Paul woke to find himself still tightly clasped by Minnie's limbs. He eased himself gently out of her grasp and stood up. In the dawn light seeping through the curtains he gazed at Minnie's full-sized body. He could believe that he had spent the night with such a beautiful woman. Her blonde hair splayed across the pillow was the shade of his dream woman. Her silky skin softened the outline yet didn't conceal the muscles beneath. Her breasts… Paul was very aware of the shape and size of Minnie's breasts. They were in proportion to those of the Christmas Fairy he had been dreaming about for weeks. When Minnie had appeared on his pillow and demanded sex immediately he had thought he was still dreaming. Now his Christmas Fairy was here in the flesh and full-sized.

He pulled the duvet up over her before he was distracted from the need to wash and shave. He didn't want to take the risk of offending Minnie with a rough stubble. She was the embodiment of his ideal woman. He would do anything to keep her. This Christmas would be very different.

He brought his morning coffee back to the bedroom with a cup for Minnie. If she didn't wake in time he had a thermos of coffee and another cup. He sat on the bed remembering Minnie's arrival as a minuscule being. In such a short time she had changed into a fully-grown woman. There would be problems. How could he account for her? She had to have an identity to live in the 21st century world and just a name ‘Minnie' wouldn't be enough. He could support her, he thought, but not how he would wish to. He wanted to give her everything, anything, if only he could keep her by his side. How?

Minnie stirred. She opened her eyes and looked right at him.

"Good morning, Paul," she purred. "Yes, I'd like that cup of coffee. Don't worry about my identity. I've got one."

"You can read my mind?" Paul gasped.

"Yes, even when I'm half-asleep. How else could I be sure that I would seduce you to make love to the midget I was? Telepathy was one of the talents I was designed to have. As far as I know it only works on you. I don't know. I haven't met anyone else, have I?"

Paul felt a constriction around his heart. When Minnie met other people, would she want to stay with him? He was no great catch, after all; a workaholic loner with a large city centre flat and not much else.

Minnie's hand reached out for his and squeezed.

"Don't be silly, Paul. I was designed and built just for you. Without you I wouldn't be complete. What you should worry about is the impossibility of getting rid of me. You can't. My purpose is to make love to you and only you. You couldn't get away from me if you tried. Come here."

Paul put the coffee down and swung his legs on to the bed. Before he was aware of what she intended he had been grabbed and pulled over her body. Her arms and legs gripped him tightly and her cleft opened to receive him. Her legs clamped around him as he penetrated her welcoming pussy. Her hips bucked as she dragged him closer and deeper. Before Paul could think of holding back he had spurted into her in the fastest climax he had ever had. He groaned in frustration. There had been no foreplay, no build up, no chance for him to arouse her. One second he had been sitting on the bed, seconds later he had been drained.

"I don't need arousing, Paul," Minnie said as she stroked his hair. "I'm always ready for you. Whenever you want me, just grab."

Minnie tensed her pussy's muscles around him.

"But now I'd like breakfast, a big breakfast, because growing uses energy. The coffee will do for a start. What have we got for breakfast, Paul?"

She released her grip around him. He reached for the coffee.

"Not much, Minnie. I need to buy some more food. We could go out for breakfast…" Paul stopped suddenly.

"But I haven't got anything to wear, have I, Paul? That fairy outfit won't fit me now, will it?"

"No."

The fairy outfit was on the bedside table. Its silver top and skirt were ideal fantasy wear, if only Minnie had still been twelve inches tall instead of the six feet of full-sized dream woman she had become. The skirt was still puffed out as it had been when Minnie wore it. How did it keep its shape?

"I might be able to wear some of your clothes," Minnie added. "although I really need my own."

"The big supermarket is open now. It is only five minutes drive away. I could go there now and get you clothes from their Home and Wear department. Would that do?"

"Perhaps, for a start, if they are good enough cover so that we can get breakfast. I'm hungry."

Paul dressed hurriedly and was about to leave when he remembered he didn't know Minnie's current size. He went back to the bedroom with a tape measure.

"I need your size, Minnie," he explained.

"No need for the tape, Paul. I'm exactly six feet tall, my measurements are forty-two D, thirty-four and thirty-eight. My shoe size is nine."

"How do you know?"

"I know." 

"OK, if you're sure."

"I'm sure."

Paul drove to the supermarket and wandered through the women's clothing department. He bought a twin-pack of bras, a five-pack of panties and two three-packs of pantyhose, a black waist slip, two long black skirts with stretchy waists, two tops with a lycra mix and a cheap pair of black training shoes. He added a three-quarter-length coat because it was a sale item in the right size. He was so surprised that the total bill was so low that he didn't really notice the sales assistant's odd look at him. Only when he was loading the car did he think that all these clothes would fit him nearly as well as Minnie. 

Minnie had showered and was wearing one of his T-shirts. She opened the carrier bags with the excitement of a small child at Christmas. She dressed herself sensuously. The basic garments seemed to thrill her as if they were exotic fabrics and designers' originals. Paul was kept busy removing labels and tags.

"Now for breakfast, please Paul," Minnie said once she was fully dressed.

Paul held the coat for her. She wriggled into it, then swung round to wrap him in her arms and kiss him passionately.

"Thank you, Paul," she whispered in his ear.

Paul felt guilty that he hadn't remembered to buy at least a bare minimum of make-up, not even a lipstick.

"That doesn't matter yet," Minnie answered his unspoken thought. "Breakfast matters."

They went to a local workman's café for a full English breakfast. Paul wasn't surprised that Minnie ate it all. He had seen just how much food she could pack into her then small frame. He finished everything with an effort. The regulars had looked at Minnie as if she was a vision from another planet. When they left the café Minnie turned and waved at them. At least half waved back, one ancient enthusiastically. She blew a kiss at him.

"You certainly made an impression on them, Minnie," said Paul.

Minnie didn't seem to be listening. She had bent over and was loosening the laces in her training shoes. She stood upright again.

"Paul!" she hissed at him. "Get me home, now! Quickly!"

"OK."

Paul turned towards the flat. The urgency in Minnie's voice was desperate. They trotted the few yards to the stair entrance. Minnie raced up the stairs far ahead of Paul. She left the flat door ajar and rushed into the bedroom. Paul was out of breath trying to keep up with her.

"What's up, Minnie?" he asked through the bedroom door.

"Wait a few minutes, please Paul, and I'll tell you. Don't come in yet."

"OK, Minnie, if that's what you want."

"It is. I'll call you when I'm ready." Minnie's voice sounded strained.

Paul went to the kitchen and washed up. He filled the kettle while he listened for Minnie to call. He noticed, with irritation, that there was a spider's web in the corner of the room by the ceiling. He'd have to use the extending handle on the broom to get that high. There were disadvantages to having fifteen-foot high rooms.

"Paul," Minnie's voice called. "Can you come to the bedroom door?"

"Yes, Minnie," Paul shouted back.

"Stop at the door, please," She added.

"OK."

"Paul, please do what I ask even if it seems silly."

Minnie sounded upset.

"If that's what you want."

"It is. Please strip for me, where you are."

Paul stripped.

"I have," he said.

"Now please close your eyes and keep them shut as you come in."

Paul reached for the bedroom door handle and shut his eyes. He opened the door and walked through. Minnie's hand grasped his and led him towards the bed. Through his eyelids he was aware that the room was in darkness. Minnie must have shut the curtains.

He felt the edge of the bed against his legs. Things happened quickly. Minnie picked him up without effort and lowered him to the bed on his front. His face was buried in a pillow as she straddled him. She grabbed his hands and pulled them behind his back. He opened his mouth to protest as she tied his wrists together. The pillow muffled his objections. Minnie lashed his ankles together and his knees. She rolled him to his back. He opened his mouth and eyes. Some clothing blinded him. Minnie pushed a mass of silky yet scrunchy cloth into his mouth. It expanded as if it had been tightly compressed. His objections were muffled to a tiny grunt. Minnie held the gag in place with her warm bra wrapped around his head.

"You can look now, Paul," Minnie said sadly.

She removed the skirt covering his eyes. Paul looked into Minnie's face. He could see tears running down her face. The scale of her face startled him. This Minnie was much larger. If her head was in proportion she must be at least nine feet tall. His eyes ran down her body. She had grown again. This morning she had been as tall as him. Now she was half as tall again.

"Sorry, Paul," Minnie said. "I've miscalculated. As you can see – I've grown. I need to do something about it. For that I need your help, willing or not. Only a little while ago I could wear that silver net-stuffed skirt that is gagging you. Now I couldn't get the waistband over my wrist. I need to make love to you again and this time use it to enhance my brain. I must think of a way out of this dilemma. I can't go anywhere while I'm this size."

Paul was helpless. Apart from his bonds, Minnie's thighs held him. Her massive breasts were poised above his face. He had to crane his head backward to see her face. Her forearms rested either side of his head. Her arms and knees supported most of her weight. If not, would he have been crushed? He didn't know but was afraid that he might be. His tiny Christmas fairy had become a giantess.

"No, Paul, I won't crush you. I'll be careful. Now we have to make love again. Are you willing to help me?"

Paul nodded cautiously.

"And you won't shout if I remove your gag?"

Paul shook his head. Minnie untied the bra and removed it. The bra looked small compared with her hand. It would have failed utterly to fit the breasts she now had. She pulled out the skirt and shook it. The small silver skirt resumed some of its shape. Paul saw that the layers of net petticoats, which had stuffed his mouth into silence, were now very creased. Minnie moved so that her lips covered his. Paul enjoyed surrendering to her kiss even if it nearly smothered him. The silver skirt had reminded him that he adored Minnie. 

"Paul, I think I know how to get back to the size I was this morning." She said. "You will have to help. First I need you to come into me. Then I'll tell you what you must do next. OK."

"Yes," Paul croaked. His mouth still felt the scratchiness of the net petticoats.

"Here we go,"

Minnie's face disappeared. Paul was left facing her cleavage. She reached down with a hand between her thighs and guided him into her pussy. Her hips lowered forcing him deeper. Her breasts fell either side of his head and pressed inwards. Warm soft flesh surrounded Paul's head. Her skin covered his mouth. He pulled back to breathe. Minnie's cleavage followed. If he didn't escape soon he would suffocate. Her pussy was squeezing him to a climax as his lungs struggled for breath. He felt his head spinning as he came into her.

Minnie lifted enough for him to gasp and pant as his climax diminished. Her breasts held him still yet he could breathe. Her warm womanly scent filled his nose. 

"Stay there," Minnie ordered. Paul had no option. He could turn his head slightly until a breast stopped him. His torso, arms and legs were trapped under her. He nuzzled against the breasts, grateful for their relative softness.

"Not long now, Paul."

Not long till what?

"Paul. I want you to drink from me."

Drink?

Minnie raised her breasts. She held one directly above his mouth. The aureole had changed to a darker hue. Small droplets oozed around her nipple. Now Paul knew what she meant. He opened his mouth. The breast dropped gently until the aureole was inside his mouth. Paul sucked hard. He spluttered as the flood hit the back of his throat. He pulled back slightly so that he could swallow. He sucked again, more gently this time. He suckled as fast as he could cope with the flow.

After twenty minutes Minnie swapped breasts. The flow from the second breast swamped Paul again. He struggled to cope until the pressure eased.

Another twenty minutes and Minnie brought him back to the first breast. Again the pressure was high. After ten minutes Paul's bladder became insistent. It couldn't take any more liquid.

Minnie carried Paul to the toilet and back to the bed. She had to repeat that several times as her milk flow seemed incessant. By the afternoon Paul was aware that she was finding difficulty carrying him.

"Why not release me, and let me go by myself," he asked as he could speak between breasts.

"Will you keep suckling if I do?" Minnie asked.

"Yes, Minnie. I think it is working. It is, isn't it?"

"Yes, Paul. I've shrunk from nine feet to seven feet tall. Another hour or so and I should be back to what I was. Can you keep feeding for another hour?"

"I think so. It isn't an unpleasant thing to do. You taste good and…"

"It is arousing you, isn't it?"

Paul nodded.

"You can have a break for a couple of minutes before starting again, if you like."

"Yes, please. Sucking your breasts is great. Doing it all day is tiring."

Paul paused.

"Why did you tie me up at first? Why didn't you just ask me to help?"

"I'm sorry, Paul. I would have… I didn't have time to explain and persuade you. If we hadn't… If I hadn't mounted you when I did, I would be dead now. I was still growing. Would you have made love to a woman twice your size? Without question?"

Paul wasn't sure. A nine-foot tall Minnie had been a daunting experience. A twelve-foot Minnie? Could he have coped?

"Exactly," Minnie answered even though Paul had not uttered a word. "I couldn't take the risk that you might be reluctant. If I had explained everything you might have refused."

"Everything? You mean there is more?"

"Come here, Paul." Minnie patted the bed. Paul sat beside her. She swung him onto her lap and rested his head against her shoulder. Her breasts were still large. Paul was very conscious of the one pressing against his chest.

"I have fed you with my milk for hours. That has reduced my size to a more normal one even though you need to suckle for another hour before I am back to six-foot tall. If we hadn't made love all the suckling would have been useless. Your sperm gives me the power to do things I couldn't do otherwise. This time it has saved my life – again. That is the good news."

"There is bad news?" Paul asked.

"Yes. Once I get back to this morning's size I will not be able to change size again. That is neither good nor bad, perhaps except that I have to find some other outlet for the energy your sperm gives me or else…"

"…or else?"

"Or else we have to restrict your sperm entering me to only the times that I need it. That might be once a year."

"Once a year!"

"Yes. Of course you could wear a condom at other times…"

"Shit!" Paul protested.

"Unless I can find another outlet. I'll work on that. I could use it to build body mass and size. Now I can't. I've found that is too dangerous, even life-threatening. I can use it to increase my brainpower. I'm afraid that might be just as deadly. I'm already more intelligent than most of your species. What might I be like with three or five times the intelligence of your brightest? I think I would be insane. So none of your sperm until I have solved the problem."

"Do I understand that isn't the bad news? It sounds bad to me."

"It isn't bad, Paul. It just means some restraint and care. How long was it before I came that you last made love to a woman? Two years? You can make love to me as often as you like – if you wear a condom."

"So what is the bad news?"

"My milk has changed your metabolism, Paul. You are not as human as you were. You have some of my characteristics even though you can't control them. You don't have the ability to control what happens to you. I have. I was dependent on you to survive. Now you are dependent on me as well. We can't survive without the other. I can live for a year without your sperm. You…"

"What about me?" Paul asked desperately. "What have you done to me, Minnie?"

"I didn't know until after several hours of suckling. I felt you change. Now you need me every day. I might be able to extend that when I find out exactly what has changed."

"How do you mean, I need you every day? How?"

"You need to suckle at my breasts for at least an hour, I think, or for a much shorter period you could…"

"…could what?"

"Lap at my pussy. That would be more effective. Do you object to pussy-worship?"

"No. I like it. I haven't had many opportunities before."

"Then there is little problem. If you lick my pussy every morning for say ten minutes you will live that day."

"If I don't, I will die?"

Minnie nodded sadly.

"I'm sorry, Paul. I didn't intend this. All I wanted was to survive so that we could be together. Now we have to be, whether we like it or not. Is that so bad?"

"No. If you had asked me this morning whether I wanted to spend my whole life with you, I'd have answered ‘Yes'. You are my ideal woman even if you were designed not born. I don't think worshipping your pussy every morning is a high price to pay for having you as a partner."

"Do you mean that?"

"Yes. It is very soon but…"

Paul climbed from her lap and knelt on the floor. He lifted Minnie's right hand to his lips.

"Minnie? Will you marry me? Please?"

Minnie smiled down at Paul.

"Are you sure, Paul? It is only a few hours since I arrived as a small Christmas fairy. Now you have a fuller size woman who has the power of life and death over you. You can deny her life as well. If you die, so do I."

"I know all that, Minnie. Will you marry me?"

"Yes, Paul. I will marry you, not as Minnie, nor as your Christmas Fairy, but as the name I really have. You can't marry someone who doesn't exist. I do exist and the records prove that I do. Will you marry me even though you don't know my real name?"

"Yes," Paul was about to add ‘Minnie'. He stopped and added, "whoever you are and whatever name you have. I will always think of you sometimes as Minnie and the Christmas Fairy who changed my life. Will you accept me?"
