 Copyright Oggbashan November 2004/December 2017

The first two chapters were posted in November 2004. This is the final chapter.

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

This story was inspired by Piers Anthony's short story 'The Bridge'. I cannot describe this as an original work only as a variation on his theme.

* * * * *

Chapter 03 Resolution

That evening Minnie had asked Paul to lean a wardrobe away from the wall. She had reached behind it to retrieve a large black handbag.

"How?" Paul asked.

"I have told you how and why I was created. Sarah, the anthropologist, was my tutor in Earth's customs. She was supposed to teach me as much as I needed to know to seduce you, and no more. She didn't. She taught me almost everything she knew and encouraged me to develop techniques for memorising and acquiring information quickly..."

"What does that have to do with a handbag appearing behind my wardrobe?"

"Patience, Paul. Sarah and I became friends, as friendly as creatures can be that are vastly different in size. She was very unhappy that I would die almost as soon as I had fulfilled my creators' purpose. She was upset that my death would be unpleasant for you."

"I'll say it would. After just meeting you and having been seduced by you, to have a dead fairy on my bed would be more than unpleasant..."

Minnie stopped Paul's mouth with a kiss. As she removed her lips she put a hand over his mouth.

"Shut up for a few minutes and listen."

Paul nodded. Minnie's hand brushed his cheek.

"Sarah and I conspired together without the elders knowing. She couldn't do much. She had permission to create an identity for me. The elders didn't connect that an adult mini-person twelve inches tall couldn't pass as human. They allowed her the energy to transfer objects around on earth. The energy involved was miniscule compared with moving me from their planet to Earth. 

Sarah found an identity for me. A husband and wife from London had emigrated to South America several years ago. They had left behind an only daughter, my apparent age, who visited them just before a landslide buried them and their house six months ago. There are no other relations anywhere. Sarah and I discussed it at length so that I could assume the identity if necessary.

That handbag belonged to the daughter. It contains her passport, National Insurance details, credit and debit cards and other proofs of her identity. The photograph has been altered to be of me, or rather what I would look like if I was full-size, as I am now. The records at the Passport Office and elsewhere have also been amended. The cover story is that I had amnesia after the landslide, was treated in a South American hospital, recovered my memory, and returned to England last week. Solicitors acting for me have lodged a claim on my behalf for the insurance on my parents' lives and on my travel insurance for the hospital costs. The hospital money will go to the hospital to help pay for their costs of treating the real survivors. The hospital director has already had a substantial bribe to verify my back story."

"How did Sarah do that?"

"I don't know. All Sarah said was that it was done without any harm to any sentient beings. The money appeared on the director's desk with a letter explaining what he should do. The letter self-destructed in an hour. The money didn't.

The result is that the handbag proves my identity. There might be some doubt about how I entered the UK from South America but there should be no reason to ask. The daughter was not going to return to her student accommodation. She had just completed her PhD and on return from visiting her parents was going to stay in a cheap hotel while she looked for a job and somewhere to live. Now I am full-size, I can be her."

"But how do you, as her, marry me, Minnie?"

"I'm not Minnie any more, am I? I'm a full size woman and my name is..."

Minnie rummaged in the handbag to produce a stained passport.

"...Titania Smith. As you know from your Shakespeare, Titania is the Queen of the Fairies, but Titania also means Titaness. At this size I think that Titania is appropriate, don't you?"

As Titania was slightly taller than Paul in her bare feet and much taller when wearing any heeled shoes, Paul nodded his agreement.

"I don't think we want to emphasise my size. Titania was normally known as Tania. Would that do? And don't even think of calling me 'Titty'. I can still read your thoughts. I may be well endowed but I'm not answering to 'Titty'."

"OK, Tania. Tania sounds OK. So we can marry? I have to be with you; you have to be with me or we die. I'd rather be married if you will have me."

"Of course I will, Paul. I was made for you and no one else. Without you I'm incomplete. Now you are incomplete without me."

Tania grabbed Paul. They play-wrestled on the bed until Paul found his face pressed between Tania's breasts. He relaxed and extended a cautious tongue to lick in her cleavage. Tania's arms clasped about him and pulled his head deeper. Paul snuggled against her until she moved down his body. Paul had to stop momentarily to reach for a condom and fit it. Once he was protected, they stripped each other before coupling slowly and sensuously.

They were busy in the next few days adapting Paul's life to the new reality of living with and being dependent upon a full-size Christmas Fairy. Paul's office had closed down for the Christmas break. Apart from Christmas Day itself, they had spent much of the daylight hours visiting shops to buy Tania an acceptable wardrobe. They had found that difficult. There aren't many women Tania's size.

Each morning Paul got out of bed first. After a shave and shower he returned to the bedroom, woke Tania, and while she sat on the edge of the bed with her nightdress raised he licked her pussy avidly. Even though it was essential to keep him alive, Paul enjoyed the taste, the closeness and the intimacy of the act. Tania's hands cradled and caressed his head as he pressed closer to her.

Tania spent several hours a day at Paul's computer, either browsing his encyclopaedias or surfing the net. Her interest seemed to be biased towards interplanetary communication with general physics. Another topic she considered was human reproduction and the physical differences between male and female.

+++

Paul and Tania had developed a daily routine. Paul would get up first, shower and shave and return to the bedroom to lick Tania's pussy as the essential act to remain alive for a further day. They would have breakfast and then Paul would leave for work.

During the day Tania would continue her researches. In the evening they would make love before the evening meal. Over the meal Tania would talk to Paul about what she had discovered during the day. She had two main areas of research. The first was how to re-establish communication with Sarah on the remote planet. The second was how to develop some aspects of that planet's technology into practical applications on Earth.

Two months after Tania had appeared on Paul's bed they had made arrangements for their marriage at a Registry Office on a Friday afternoon. Four of Paul's office colleagues would come as potential witnesses.

Tania and Paul had set up a basic Intellectual Property company that was marketing some of Tania's early ideas for making money. As yet the interest and proceeds were small but one simple technique that they had patented was yielding more than Paul's previous income. Some of that money went towards a better broadband link and a significant upgrade in computer power.

Paul had found a redundant Ministry of Defence property for sale that could be a base for their company. It was a few acres, compact but remote. The advantages were a strong telecommunications linkage and a large steerable satellite dish. There was also a largish house that had been the residence for the site's commanding officer. Everything was in need of renovation but basically sound. They made enquiries and were able to lease it on a two year renewable term with an option to purchase.

Paul was worried that they wouldn't be able to afford the rent and certainly not be able to buy but Tania persuaded him that the money would start coming in sufficient quantity within months. Paul put his penthouse apartment up for sale as soon as they could move into the wrecked buildings.

Tania had begun to explore the local town and nearby city on her own. Somehow she had obtained use of the local universities library and computer facilities. How? Paul neither knew nor cared. Tania was engrossed in her research but whenever Paul wanted sex, Tania was willing and could take him to heights of ecstasy every time. She had found a wedding gown large enough for her in a charity shop that specialised in second-hand wedding clothing. It was very full-skirted and came with the hooped and other petticoats. 

At the wedding Paul's office colleagues and the male registrar were stunned by Tania's appearance in her wedding gown. At more than six feet in her bare feet she was even more spectacular in heels. Paul looked small and insignificant beside her but the two of them were obviously in love with each other.

As they prepared for the wedding, Tania lifted the spreading skirts of her gown for Paul to crawl under and worship her pussy for the daily ten minutes. Paul was totally hidden inside her skirt. The effect of being wrapped in her gown while licking at her pussy was so intense that he ejaculated into his pants. He was relieved that he hadn't yet put his hired wedding suit on. He would have stained it. As he emerged Tania smiled down at him.

"Later, Paul, later." Tania said. "When we are husband and wife. This afternoon after the reception."

Reception? Paul, Tania and Paul's four friends were having a lunch in a local restaurant.

Paul washed between his legs and changed his pants before dressing in his hired suit. Almost as soon as he had finished the taxi arrived to take them to the registry office. The wedding itself was very simple and basic. The only people present were the Bride, the Groom, the Registrar and Paul's four friends. As they left the building they passed another wedding group arriving. The men of that group were stunned by Tania's height and appearance, so much so that the women with them almost all grabbed their men. A new bride wouldn't be hunting other partners but Tania looked dangerously beautiful.

The reception was in a small room at a local hotel. Paul's friends appreciated kissing and being kissed by the bride. They didn't bother with speeches. After the meal the Bride and Groom said goodbye, with more kisses from Tania, and went upstairs to the Bridal Suite.

Paul took off his hired suit and hung it up carefully. He stripped to his boxers. Tania sat on the edge of the bed and raised the hem of her gown.

"Some people have a tradition that the groom should take the bride's garter off with his teeth," Tania said. "You don't have to. I'm not wearing one. But this bride wants your lips on mine."

Paul dropped to his knees. His upper body went under Tania's skirt and petticoats. His head slid between her spread legs. His face pressed against her naked cleft. He extended his tongue and licked. Tania dropped the skirt of her gown to cover him completely. Paul became more and more excited as Tania's legs gently squeezed around his head. Her hands pressed the layers of petticoat and skirt over his head, harder and harder as she became aroused. As Tania went into her first orgasm Paul was concerned that his head would be crushed between her thighs or that he would be suffocated. Tania's writhing gave him some opportunities to snatch a breath. Between her orgasms her thighs relaxed their grip slightly but she seemed to want more and more tonguing between her legs. When she sighed at the end of the series of convulsions above Paul he was nearly exhausted.

Tania pulled her gown up before lifting Paul to lie beside her on the bed. She slid a strap off her shoulder, eased a breast out, and pushed it into Paul's mouth. She wrapped the skirts of her gown over most of Paul as he slipped into a blissful sleep in Tania's embrace.

That evening, after going to the hotel's restaurant for a meal, they went back to bed naked. Paul, wearing a condom, rode Tania until he was exhausted and slumped on her. She hugged him until he became erect again. This time she rode him.

The next morning, after breakfast, they returned to their room. Tania asked Paul to sit beside her on the bed.

"Paul," Tania said, "I've been in touch with Sarah again. She made me, originally thirty years ago. It took that long to grow me and train me. In the last eighteen months before I came to you I was changed to be your ideal woman. But I'm not really a woman. I can't have children. I just haven't got the internal workings for conception and pregnancy."

"I'm sorry - for you, Tania," Paul said.

"I'm not. Our life is complicated enough without children. I've grown and in the process I've changed you too. You're no longer human either. You need me every day to stay alive. I need you to survive. We are wholly dependent on each other. But..."

"But what?" Paul asked.

"But. Sarah has been studying what we have become. She is worried. So am I. So should you be. You have to lick my pussy for ten minutes a day or drink my breast milk for hours. Sarah tells me that it is only a temporary solution. After a few more months it will no longer work. The first we might know that it isn't working is..."

Tania paused. She hugged Paul.

"Is?" he queried.

"You might start to die, and have only hours to live from the first signs. I would last a few weeks after you before I die too. Sarah and I are trying to find a way to solve that dilemma. If we succeed in time? We'll live. If not?"

"We'll die." Paul stated bluntly.

"Yes. There are some things we must do. The obvious one is write our wills and decide what will happen to our money and our research. Over the next few months we are going to become seriously rich from scientific advances taken from Sarah's planet."

"Set up a trust for research to continue?" Paul suggested.

"That's what I thought too. We need to find a lawyer in the next few days."

"We can do that, but if we are going to die all I can say it has been worth it to have my Christmas Fairy, if only for a few months. Before you, Tania, I was existing. Now I'm alive, in love, married to my perfect bride, and enjoying every second. If the cost of that bliss means I die soon - it has been a price worth paying."

They kissed.

+++

Two months later Tania's prediction of wealth was becoming true. They had licensed several new scientific advances with significant up-front payments. Their house was being renovated by numerous contractors while Tania and Paul lived in a modern mobile home in the garden. The industrial buildings were being converted to laboratories. Soon they would be employing laboratory staff to develop new processes. Tania had transferred much of her knowledge to the large computers. Even if she died, the details wouldn't die with her.

Tania had been working with Sarah as often as she could on a solution to the Sword of Damocles hanging over her and Paul. There had been one achievement. Sarah had devised a way for Tania to turn off her device for processing Paul's semen. Tania and Paul could now make love as often as they wanted without using a condom. But the long term solution to keep Paul alive was still elusive.

+++

Four months later it was becoming obvious that Paul's body was wearing out. He had visited several specialist doctors who had diagnosed early onset of ageing. All his organs were beginning to deteriorate. Tania and Sarah were working together as often as inter-planetary communication would permit. We knew that the doctors couldn't make Paul better but if they had been seeing him they wouldn't need an embarrassing autopsy when Paul died. Any autopsy would show that Paul was no longer wholly human.

Tania had to ride Paul every time they made love. He didn't have the energy or the muscle power to ride her. They were getting used to the idea that he would die soon and Tania would soon die too, unless Sarah could suggest a solution they hadn't already tried.

The research laboratories were running well with a retired electronics engineer as director. The trust that would continue to operate the company even if Paul and Tania died was operational. Both of them were trustees and beneficiaries of the trust. When they died their assets would revert to the trust.

On the other planet Sarah was having problems. She wasn't resourced or funded to deal with Paul and Tania's dilemma. When Minnie/Tania had delivered Paul's semen her usefulness to Sarah's planet was ended. Except for Sarah's pleading, Minnie would have died within the hour. Now she had been alive for nearly a year and was a married woman. Sarah would have to explain what she was doing if one of her superiors found her researches.

Sarah was desperate. She had spent thirty years of her life animating and adapting Minnie to be Paul's ideal woman and now his wife as Tania. Sarah regarded Tania as her daughter and Paul as her son-in-law. Sarah knew she couldn't do much more without severe consequences but she was failing. She needed help but couldn't ask for it officially, yet Paul would die soon.

Sarah decided she had nothing to lose. If she continued to try to help Paul and Tania she would wreck her career when she was close to retirement. If she didn't? They would die. Sarah asked her senior research director to arrange for Sarah to see the trustees of the research establishment that had created Tania as Minnie. 

Sarah explained to the trustees what she had done, how she had tried to help Paul and Tania, and that unless a solution was found two sentient beings would have been sacrificed to save the trustees' planetary population. Surely they owed Paul and Minnie/Tania something for saving the planet. Sarah broke down in tears at the end of her presentation.

The trustees' discussion was animated and sometimes angry. Some felt the strength of Sarah's argument. They had created a sentient being and modified a human for their own ends. They had responsibility for those lives. Others regarded Minnie is no more than a machine that was now obsolete and useless to them. That machine had been vastly expensive to create, had fulfilled its purpose and was now junk. If Sarah hadn't insisted on modifying Minnie for survival there would be no problem remaining as Tania. A few of the trustees thought that Sarah should be dismissed immediately and stripped of her academic titles.

Eventually the Chairman intervened. He stated bluntly that the planet had an obligation to Paul and Tania. Their actions had saved the planet's population. They, and Sarah, should be considered as heroes, not problems. He ordered that a subcommittee of scientists should be set up immediately, with considerable resources, to ensure that Paul and Tania had a reasonable life span.

The discussion changed to ways to achieve that. Tania still had the mass transfer device inside her that had accommodated Paul's erection. It had grown as she had grown. Changing Tania's metabolism through that mass transfer device should be feasible. But changing Paul, and quickly? How?

It took the subcommittee a week to find the solution. If Paul could be fitted inside Tania's mass transfer device they could change him. Tania would have to grow temporarily to a size that could completely engulf Paul. Getting Tania back to a normal size afterwards was a simple problem. Getting Paul inside her and keeping him alive while he was changed? That would be more difficult.
