 Copyright PennameWombat June 2019 

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work. 

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. 

This is part 2 of "Chronicle: Mel and Chris," which began in "Chronicle" Mel & Chris." This series is a sequel to the "Mel's Phone Call" trilogy. 

If you haven't read them I hope you'll be interested in Chris and Mel's 'origin story' in the trilogy that begin in "Mel's Phone Call" and continued in "Mel's Phone Call, Part 2" and "Mel's Phone Call, Part 3," all in 'Exhibitionist & Voyeur Stories.' Our core cast of characters were introduced in there. New characters have arrived and we'll likely see characters we've met elsewhere come onto the scene. 

Tags: Anal Sex, 18-year-old, College, Cunnilingus, Exhibitionist, Fellatio, FFM, Girl-girl, Public Sex, Vibrator 

***** 

Invitations 

"Not the loudest welcome home I've had," Mel pouted as she walked into their room, her work heels made soft clicks in the carpet. Chris pushed 'enter' on the VT-220 terminal that Roger O'Dell had arranged for him and Mel to borrow to send the email as he turned his head. Mel leaned over and held his cheeks and kissed him. 

"I swear," she said as she stood, "if that terminal took it up the ass I'd be out of here in an instant!" 

It wasn't a computer but it and the modem allowed him to hook into his account on the TOPS-20 system to run their orbital simulations and more importantly to Roger, 'manage' the still-heavy flows of email and USENET posting they'd triggered by posting the orbital information of two "invisible" satellites, the Caldicott-Bajevic Anomalies they'd been dubbed by the pros at Mount Mallomar. 

"No, no," he replied, "it doesn't swallow..." 

He got tongue from a distance. 

"There's a phone message for you, on the bed," Chris said as he heard the soft trill of Mel's skirt zipper. He rotated his chair fully and watched her lower the skirt and slip off to lay them on the bed, long, stocking-covered legs with her heels still on, the top quarters of her thighs and ass bare to the square hem of her blouse. 

She picked up the paper and he saw her head tilt as she read it before she turned. 

"Who's Dr. Gainsborough? He wants me to call his office?" Mel's confusion at the message. 

"Physics professor," Chris said, "who wants one Melanie Caldicott to call his office to set up a meeting. Guess he heard about your exploits. His secretary's name is there. She can work out an appointment." 

"'Next week will be fine,' it says," Mel read as her smile broadened and she began to bounce her heels off the floor, "shit! Cool! I'll call tomorrow. The permanent office manager is back tomorrow for a couple of days with Angie, I'll make sure Angie tells her to trust me for a few hours." 

"You think that's cool, you need to come see this too," he nodded toward the monitor, "on the computer." 

Paper still in hand she walked over and put her naked ass on his lap instead of in the second chair, her skin warm where it met the bare flesh of his thighs below his running shorts. She put her right arm around his shoulders to clasp her hands around him. 

"Just a sec," he said as he reached around her to the keyboard and navigated back to the original email, "here." 

He watched her eyes widen and her mouth form into an 'O' as she ingested the words, she looked at him after she finished, then she read it again. 

"Mount fucking Mallomar," Mel said in staccato as she stared at the screen, "Mount fucking Mallomar wants us to come and do a press conference with them." 

"Helen and Shelly said they might leave September 5th," Chris said, "well, we will be. About 12 hours drive to get there that night." 

"They'll pay for a couple hotel nights," Mel read, "and want to do the conference on Friday the 6th..." 

"Shall I tell them no, sweet demon?" 

"Only if you want to me to go all demon on your ass..." 

"Good. I already replied. Said we're fine with one hotel room with a king size bed, whirlpool bath, balcony and a bowl full of only red Emms. Figure we can go to Castleland on the Saturday, it's just up the road in Anaheim, you said once you've never been and neither have I. Drive home Sunday, back for work on Monday." 

She tightened her arms around him and kissed his neck and cheek and moved toward his mouth. 

"Oh, and I also wrote 'for the love of god if there is so much as a single brown Emms in the bowl I don't want to put into words what she'll do to me.'" 

"Damned right on that," she growled, "if even one..." 

"And if you don't stop doing your pogo on my cock," Chris whispered as she bounced on his lap, "I'm not going to have blood in my legs to run." 

"We'll run later," she whispered as she bit at his ear and ground her ass against the cock that demanded freedom. 

Detritus 

With only one weekend before the big Labor Day tournament Chris was preoccupied as he pulled his soccer boots out of his bag. That meant he didn't react when a couple of teammates with a view behind him went silent and loose jawed before his shoulders were grabbed and he was pushed onto his back, he had a momentary view of high heels, long, firm legs covered in black silk to mid-thigh, bare flesh meeting black, closely-trimmed pubic hair before the view disappeared as the legs shifted, bent at the knees and he faced a beaming, no, a glowing Mel over him as she bent and pressed her upside down mouth on his, his only vision before closing his eyes a wall of loose, black hair. 

"Bajevic!!" He heard a loud, gruff voice with a British accent softened by two decades and a bit in America, "you're going to need your energy for more important things!" 

Chris opened his eyes as Mel's torso lifted, he saw a broad, demonic smile without a hint of apology to it. 

"Sorry, Coach Wallace," she said, her smile unwavering,"I know he's been slacking off, just trying to pep him up." 

Chris knew her mood had to be from her meeting with Dr. Gainsborough. She had on a slinky knee-length skirt with a slit that as she knelt exposed the top of one stocking and an inch of skin. Her short-sleeved blouse was also form fitting and showed off her bust to good effect but with only the barest cleavage, the merest outline of her bra visible through the cloth as strong, late-afternoon sunlight hit her blouse. But it was her hair, again brushed and corralled into an over-the-right eye sweep that showed off her beaming face. Eye shadow, mascara, a touch of blush, made her every bit the equal of Carole the succubus in his eyes and his teammates apparently agreed. 

"Sorry, Coach," Chris said, tried to put that completely out of his mind, to widespread laughs and good-natured jeers from everyone as he finished tying his bootlaces. 

"Coach," Mel asked as she stood and walked to the flat grass and stopped near the Englishman, "so you guys aren't varsity, it's a club setup?" 

"All right, let's go, two laps then sprint to the far side and line up," Coach Wallace yelled, a wink at Mel and he shouted, "Bajevic, three laps! Move it!" 

"Aye, missy," he said, "the Uni gives the men a few hundred and same to the women, we both play in the local leagues here, that pays the league fees and gets us some uniforms. Like rugby and lacrosse. Most of the other premier soccer teams we play against are generally older guys from other countries so it means my guys need to work their arses off. We might do another spring break trip next year, some of these guys hope they find their own demons." 

The players ran past where he and Mel stood, her soft smile acknowledged his implied compliment. 

"Bajevic! Move it, you got an extra lap to run! And since we have to have three-quarters of the players be Uni students or employees, sometimes we lose our good guys when they graduate. They end up playing against us!" 

"But no travelling around the country every weekend," Mel mused, Coach Wallace nodded, "ok, thanks. Maybe I'll sign up for one of your medieval literature courses winter quarter, Professor." 

"My other life," he laughed, "of the mind. Please do. I fear such erudition would be lost on your boy-o though." 

"It would be," she laughed back as she touched his shoulder and walked toward the parking lot, "he has his charms, just not for that!" 

Two hours later Chris stood open mouthed as his sweat rapidly dried, but better off than a number of his teammates who were flat or groaned with their hands on their knees. 

"Hey, lame-o," Chris heard from the parking lot, "move it, I'm hungry." 

"Better hurry, boy-o," Coach Wallace said to him with a chuckle, sweaty himself with his participation in plenty of the drills, still trim and fit despite his considerable sprinkle of grey hairs, "she's got something up her sleeve tonight." 

"Guess I'll find out, coach, see you Thursday," they nodded at each other and Chris hefted his bag and his helmet. 

"Drop the bike off at the house," Mel directed him, the car was parked next to the motorcycle lot, somehow most of the buttons of her blouse had fallen open, "we're going to that burrito place. I'm driving so we get there and back alive." 

"Naugles?" He put his soccer bag into the back seat to save time lashing it to the motorcycle seat. 

"Yeah, they have ice cream, too," the demonic grin as the car door closed. He hurried to put his helmet on and follow as she sped out of the lot. 

A short while later they carried their burritos and chocolate malts into a difficult to find cul-de-sac in Bonneville Glen, the semi-tamed natural area near their house that surrounded a mountain stream to keep the rampant dense suburbia at bay. The spot was surrounded on three sides by a mortared rock wall backed by thick trees, the fourth side had the entrance and a solid hedge of evergreens hid it from any but determined searchers. 

Over the western wall the sun dipped and the sky grew red, the only break in the trees offered an overlook of the lightly-flowing late summer stream that fell over rock falls and a view to the lower parking lot along 15th East but only people knowing exactly where to look could see the opening. 

"Fuckers," Mel said, Chris turned as he set the bag with the burritos and his malt on the table. He saw a crumpled fast food bag stuck in a tree to the left of the entrance. 

"Here," she handed him her malt as she walked quickly to the wall and stood on her toes and stretched to grab the bag, as she grabbed it she looked down, "hey, come get this bag." 

He did as asked and took the bag, she used the wall as a fulcrum with her stomach and he saw her reach down. 

"Got it," she rotated back, pushed herself off of the wall, "here." 

She held an obviously long-discarded Coke can, paint faded evenly with no sun bleached side, hidden here as it was. As she rotated it they saw what looked like a black, charred slit, the edges of it bent very slightly outward. 

"Weird, someone burn this?" Chris said as they looked over the can, they shrugged, "we'll take all this out with our stuff. Assholes. There are bins all over the place..." 

"I'm really impressed how well you walk in those heels," Chris said a bit later as he finished his burrito and sucked up a bit of now mostly-liquid malt, "thought those were for vacuuming?" 

"Special occasion," Mel explained, "couple of the lawyers gave me some appreciative looks. It's ok here, these paths are all paved now." 

"Ok," Chris said, "what happened with Professor Gainsborough?" 

"Nothing, nothing at all," Mel deadpanned as she chewed the last of her burrito and stared forward, her right leg crossed over her left and her swinging foot and and bounding butt proved her calmness faked. 

"Out with it," Chris nudged her, "usually it's just your ass doing the pogo thing, but your foot is kicking me too. Speak." 

"He had printouts of our stuff," she said excitedly, "we went over it thoroughly. He was impressed with your stuff too. That's why I was still on campus, we went for over two hours! He handles astrophysics, says not too many people been focusing on it lately. I think I gave him reason to continue teaching." 

"Impressive," he said, "and thanks for mentioning my minor role. Did he know you weren't wearing underwear?" 

"Subject didn't come up, but I think he appreciated my 'old school' look," she kissed his cheek, took his right in both of hers, "he was older, short, trimmed hair, didn't look like Einstein at all. Least I could do was to mention your minor assistance, he went over my schedule and said if I make it through fall quarter he'll get me in some accelerated courses and use me as a tutor. He said CompSci nerds always need babysitting in physics." 

"Anyway," Chris snorted, "Dave emailed me Dr. Carlstrom might have an 'offer' for some sort of project work this fall... We might never see each other again once school starts...'specially with you in the dorm..." 

"I never expected to see you again. Your call was the best surprise of my life. All I wanted to do was show you the lights of the city from up the hill," Chris said softly, "then take you home and fuck your brains out." 

She leaned into him with a soft 'uh huh,' her grip still tight. 

"And then, being I'm Black Cloud, I caused a freaking alien satellite to plummet to earth in a fiery streak just to impress you. Where you could see it and know it for what it was. Anywhere else, we wouldn't have known shit." 

"All because you wanted to impress a naive, virginal North Dakota girl so you could stick your prick up her ass like the pervert you are... Didn't know what you were getting into." 

They turned and kissed softly. 

"Virginal?" Chris smiled. She smiled back then kissed him much harder. He returned the sentiment as the red sky darkened to its moonless black. He undid one more button and released the slightly strained cloth and worked his fingers along the flesh at the edge of her bra. 

"You smell like you've been working out or something," she said among puffs of breath as she lifted her chin so he could kiss around her neck and down her chest, "but you were just playing soccer. You sneak away to do some exercise?" 

He undid the remaining buttons of her blouse above her waistband then worked his hand around her back as she put her arms around his neck and pulled them together. He found the top of her skirt's zipper and worked it down. 

"You have a plan," she growled, "or just want me to walk home naked?" 

"Keep the stockings and shoes on," Chris directed, "but lose the skirt and sit on the table." 

She met his lips again as she stood to allow him to push the zipper down with one hand and hold the waistband of the skirt with the other, he lowered the skirt and held it as she stood. She stepped out of the skirt and took it out of his hands and laid it on the table behind her. 

"Take your shirt off," she directed as she reached for the bottom of it, he put his hands up and she lifted his shirt off and laid it on the edge of the table and sat on it to straddle him, "it's stinky as hell already, bit more won't hurt." 

Chris rubbed his cheek up the inside of her left thigh from just above the knee, felt the silky cloth against his cheek. He turned and kissed from the top of the stocking and slowly moved toward her bare crotch. She reached around her back and unclasped her bra then slipped the straps out of her armholes and tossed it on top of her skirt. She licked her fingers and massaged her nipples to coax them as they met the slowly cooling air. 

Chris worked his way to her closely trimmed pubic hair and used his tongue and lips to kiss down one pussy lip, across her perineum and up the opposite side, pushed his tongue along the folds of her vulva every so often to taste the growing moisture as she purred softly and rubbed her silken calves on his bare back and played with her nipples. 

He moved to the bottom of her slit and worked his tongue deep as he moved upward, she pushed her crotch forward as she tried to push her hungry clit into his mouth but he kept himself just out of reach without leaving her body. 

"Asshole," she hissed, his finger slid into her body as she pushed forward, she stopped and a second finger joined it as he continued to avoid direct pressure on her clit. His fingers found the firm bubble of flesh at the top of the inside of her cunt, pressed firmly as his mouth pulled first one then the other lip, rubbed his tongue along the flesh each time. 

He felt her pussy muscles contract as his fingers worked at her most sensitive spot, she ground her hips around and at him. 

"Fucker...," she hissed softly again as he still avoided her now desperate clit, despite that his attentions pulled a steady flow of juice from her, past her ass and onto his chin and t-shirt, "it's there for a reason..." 

He pressed his fingers harder to draw a wordless groan and a slight gush from her, he lifted his head slightly to see her flat on the table, fingers pinched both nipples as her breath sped. Without warning he dove in to suck her engorged clit into his mouth, surrounded it and pushed his tongue hard onto it as his fingers pushed and rubbed inside of her. 

"Of, aahh, argh... fuck!" She jerked her crotch at him twice as he sucked her clit hard and pumped his fingers in and out of her, "shit! Yeah!" 

A gush of cum soaked everything in its path as she bucked her hips hard once, then two more times with slower movements on each, she let out a held breath and released her nipples to wrap and pull his head up as she sat up, lifted him to kiss and lick her juices off of his face before she pushed her tongue into his mouth as deeply as she could get it. He slid his arms under her shirt and around her bare back. 

She reached down and untied his soccer shorts and slid her hand inside of those and his jock to caress his hard, confined cock. 

"This way," he sidled to his left and she kept her legs around him, used her arms to move her upper body and Chris's shirt until he turned to face the end of the table, she spun. 

"Ya know," Chris whispered into an ear as he nibbled on it and slid his hips to and fro, "this blouse covers enough. Don't think you'll need to put your skirt back on to walk home. It'll be dark before we finish. And you're rather gooey." 

She pushed his shorts and jock down, he shook his legs until they fell. She stroked his stiff prick, pulled him and slid it between her soaked and swollen pussy lips. He kneaded her nipples and leaned in and kissed her. She slathered more of her juice with one hand on his hard flesh, used the other to push it down and fingered her own back opening. He pulled back and adjusted his stance, she guided the intruder to nestle its head at her ready ring. He broke the kiss and pulled back, they watched each other's faces as he slowly pushed himself into her bowel, her tongue licked her lips as he went deeper. 

"No wonder Jess dumped you," Mel's raspy husk caused the flesh pushed into her body to twitch. 

"I think her regular response became, 'no way, you sick fuck,'" Chris whispered before he kissed Mel again. Her response purred as he pulled his groin back before he pushed forward again. 

"Yes way, you sick fuck,"she said softly, their mouths an inch apart. 

The Arrival 

"What time is it?" Mel asked, her ass doing its pogo on the little front porch, her voice nervy. 

"Two minutes later past nine pm then the last time you asked," Chris said as he sat beside her and pried the fingers around his right arm loose to return blood circulation to his hand, "should be close, they called from Little America about two hours ago. Unless they got lost. Eaten by cannibals in Evanston or something." 
