 Chapter 02: Expatriate

Æiristus left the temple ceremonial hall with one more nightmare to her name, one more success. The House Mæstre no longer existed, Prince Baravti's seditious undermining saw to that. And her assignment and unyielding sense of faith and duty saw the return of one more dissident back into the laity.

Her mind would not shake recent events…

What had been Baravti was now profoundly changed. He knew who he was, though no one of his original race would ever officially recognize him as such again. His soul was terrentene, sentenced back to primordial blackness for the Goddess' assimilation, but not before transformation. And there was no telling how long he would continue to live after transformation. Seasons? Decades? Centuries? Until another stronger monster or wanderlust-filled adventurer came along to kill him most likely.

His captor was there to bear witness of her service among the invited visitors, the lesser priestesses, the lay and the male priests, the templars and temple wardens, all within the hallowed amphitheatre of his making for the final three hours that was Ceremony. This area was not for public observance - it was one level away from inner sanctum. It was an area Æiristus loathed. She looked across the arena floor. Leather creaked as her arms tightened across her armored chest. Her eyes narrowed on seeing her cousin, her facial scar throbbed, a growl buried itself deep in her throat. Baravti was not alone in personal loss. This was where she lost her priesthood.

But this is where Baravti lost his race and became abhorrent, he became drider.

Æiristus knew very little of what was involved with the making of a drider. She studied many things as a lytling, more than she should have - things that began her troubles and things she could no longer remember even under threat of extended, exquisite torture. If she had known more about the making of driders it was information long lost to her. As it was now, she only knew what she witnessed in Ceremony and what the high clergy saw fit to feed her, just like everyone else not a member of the inner sanctum.

The templar gazed down on the activities of the lower theatre. The new drider lay crumpled on the floor of the temple's deep internal amphitheatre sapped of energies. After twelve hours of continuous rituals and magic bombarded upon it - initiated by the prime high priestess and maintained by divine Handmaidens and helper priestesses - the final three hours obliged by a witness audience, it was exhausted. The creature, an aberration of centaur-like features, lay shining in sweat and breathing heavily. Its lower body was now dual-sectioned, oblate, arachnid in appearance: one section, built to support eight legs instead of two and the still-elven upper body; the other, bulbous, made for poison and silk production. Eight segmented spikes for legs were all folded akimbo beneath it, serene for the moment, not yet used. The dark-elven body was still the man from the torso up, though nude, he draped from the spider-half down to the floor, unconscious. Before long, the beast would awaken driven by a new hunger for blood and lust. The beast would need to feed, almost vampiric, he would need to drain blood, the life essence of any victim he could capture; mammalian blood was not a pre-requisite. Retaining his intelligence and his memories, the dark-elf half would be driven to mate, but with a much more feral, far more base level of instincts driving the need. It was best to find a female drider to let the new driderling take his hunger out on, but such was rarely possible. In Baravti's case, a surface elfin female prisoner, a blood enemy, was readied for his new interests – whichever direction his hunger took as he woke.

Æiristus watched as required and though her jaw clenched pressing her teeth tightly together in silence, she exhibited no emotion at the display below. Unlike the gasping, whispering and awestruck younger priests and laymen nearby, she had seen enough similar scenes in her life before that permitting herself reactions were not an option. Higher ranking clergy and sister templars occasionally tore their eyes from the spectacle to observe and gauge the medjai responsible for the show. Acknowledgment would not come from her. She made no time for petty politics.

When all finally completed, Æiristus saw her cousin turn to her and nod. She ignored the woman. From the small arena field, the drider held under control by six guards, the surface girl unmoving - Æiristus could not see if she breathed or not - the presiding high priestess turned to face the templar responsible for bringing in their newest monster and dipped a modest bow. Æiristus dropped both arms to her side and bowed deeper. The drider screamed rage recognizing the templar standing in the amphitheatre seats.

The templar looked on one more nightmare to her name. One more wrong corrected. One more occasion where legend was retained. His failure, her race's success.

 ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~