 She woke to the bright morning sun breaking through the window. She pinched her closed eyes tighter, trying to shut them even more from the annoying light. There hadn't been windows in the kennels; she had never roused to something so awakening. With a "humph" she rolled over to her side, offering her back to the disturbing rays. Turok wrapped her up into his right arm, pulling her head onto his built chest; his left hand reaching over to stroke her long copper stands of hair. 

She breathed in deep, taking in his scent. She also had never slept on a mattress before. It was softer than the slave furs laid out on the hard tiles. The silky sheets caressed her skin, fluffy pillows supported her head. It was nice, but she would not want to get used to it; she knew at any given time she could be kicked back to the pelts. She snuggled into him and started to drift off again.

"Drake said you were a heavy sleeper." He said softly as he touched her, coaxed her.

"mmmm, girl slept well, and You, Master?" She replied, still quite groggy.

"yes girl, I slept very well indeed. My men have rapped on the door twice now. We should have left two ahns ago, but I couldn't bring Myself to wake you. Though I had plenty of ideas of how I would."

Perking up she lifted her head, propping up on her elbow, "oh really? And what ways did You think it best to wake a girl." Her fingers caressing over his chest, bringing her slender leg up his very slowly.

"girl, You are a slave, a passion slave no less. We needn't play games with what your use is, or why I show interest in you." He reached over and grabbed her ass with his large hands, pulling her onto him and in one quick thrust he pushed into her.

She cried out; she didn't know she would be sore, but now with his thick manhood impaling her again it was not the pleasure she had remembered from the night before. She looked down at him and bit her lip in silence, just riding there as he thrust into her vigorously.

He had wanted her very bad as she had been last night. He hadn't slept at all really with her small nude body lying beside him. He had to control himself, knowing that he should be easy with her young new body, but now with her teasing looks and wanton charm he needed to feel her. Now thrusting up into her so deep he drove himself on with the thought of how good her wet sex felt around him, she was so fresh and tender. He looked up into those amazing jade eyes and saw pain and tears. He stopped quickly, concerned.

"larl? Are you ok, sweet thing?"

She quickly nodded her head, not wanting to displease.

"Lying to your Master is not acceptable, in any way." He pushed her off and stood from the mattress quickly, mad at himself. How could he have done that to her? He knew better.

She quickly grabbed at his leg, falling to her knees, "Master please, this girl doesn't mind. Please...she needs Your touch."

Reaching down he picked her up and held her close, kissing her deep. He let his rough finger wipe a tear from her cheek. "larl, there will be plenty of time for Us. you really should heal, and We should be leaving anyway."

He placed her back on the bed, holding her close stirred him and he needed to be able to get control. Men always desired kajirae, but this one was getting under his skin, and he hadn't even had her a full day. He turned from her, breathing deep he grabbed a pelt and wrapped it around his waist, opening the door and speaking to one of the guards outside. When he turned back into the room, shutting the door behind him, he saw her splayed out across the bed, her legs wide, arms spread with soft palms facing up, completely open for him. He shook his head, smiling at her in sula.

"Are you needy, slut?"

"yes, Master."

"And you would beg Me to use you, even if it hurts you?"

"yes, Master."

He leaned over her, not touching her, but taking in the sight of every line and curve, every rise and fall of her soft flesh and toned muscles. The wild red of her mane spread out around her, clashing with her porcelain skin and the ivory sheets. A wicked smile pulled at his lips as he looked at the small red patch of thick curls neatly trimmed over her soft petals. He never wanted anything more.

She looked up to him, hoping he would be swayed by her offering. She didn't care if it might hurt again, she needed him, and she did not understand why, but her belly burned deep for his touch and she grew ill thinking he would not grant it to her. She could see that he was looking her over, she could see his eyes glowed for her as well, her heart pounded.

Growling, he reached down and pulled her by the legs, bringing her to the edge of the bed as he let the pelt drop from his waist. She wrapped her legs around him as he thrust deep into her dripping sex. She moaned out, this time in complete bliss. His large hands on her waist he pulled her hips up off the mattress and drove deep into her, withdrawing and pushing in deeper with each heated thrust. Her body quivered under him, the ecstasy filling her so intently. She cried and screamed as her body took everything he gave, her eyes locked intently on him.

He saw the pleasure she was receiving, he too feeling the same rapture. He lifted her higher and pushed into her harder. His spear swelling inside of her tight sheath, pulsing. Dropping her down onto the bed and lying down on top of her, he kissed her deeply.  They wrapped their bodies around each other, one movement as they both gave in to the majesty that was theirs. Holding himself there on top of her, trying to keep his weight off of her, his drained manhood still clenched in her warm flower. He showered her with kisses.

She let her fingers walk along his back, barely able to wrap her arms around him. The feel of him inside her, on top of her, what he sent through her in something as simple as a touch or look, she couldn't put the words to it. She was completely his, not just because of the collar or because he had paid for her, but because she needed him.

A sharp rap on the door and he quickly pulled from her.

"Aye! We will be out shortly." Grabbing his britches and dressing quickly, he then tossed crimson silks to her. "get dressed, harta!"

With that command she pulled the shear fabric up her body quickly, tying a knot over her right shoulder. She quickly brushed out her mangled mane and then helped her master with his own needs.

He tied the leather leash to her collar and they walked out of the training house and into the outside commons. It was a glorious day, the sun was bright and its rays warmed her skin. Birds sang and the streets were a bustle of activity.

They were greeted by his eight guards, most mounted on kaiila. He patted one of the beasts hard against its neck, the animal showed its teeth and jerked its head several times. Turok swung up onto its back and reached his hand down to her. She had never seen a kaiila up close, only pictures or through the windows. Larl placed her hand into his; it disappeared as his fingers curled closed around hers. One of his guards lifted her up by the waist and into Turok's arms. She sat there her back pressed up against him, slender legs hanging down either side of the beast's shoulders.

He laughed, "I guess many things will be new to you my sweet larl. Its ok girl, he's a gentle giant, most of the time."

Strong legs urged the kaiila forward and they rode off, surrounded by his guards on either side. The ride was jolting to her, an odd movement for her as she tried to learn the sway of the animal's gait. Once they had moved further from the town they picked up the pace, moving quickly through the paths and roads, passing other travelers. 

Larl became keenly aware of the sensations travelling through her body as her mound rubbed against the kaiila's withers with every gallop. To escape the teasing touch she moved back and closer to Turok, but to no avail. Once she was pressed against him she had an all new assault against her slave's soul, tearing her in another direction. She could not win this battle, either the animal or the master; one would push her to the edge.

Turok was well aware the girl was uncomfortable. He figured she just needed to become adjusted to the gait of the kaiila, but as she shuffled back and forth, further up the neck of the creature or closer back to him, he smiled knowing very well what was bothering the little slut. He pulled his mount up and raised his hand to his men. They had been riding for four hours; it was time for a break. A nice clearing full with lush grasses would be a good resting spot.

A guard helped her down and then Turok followed behind. She watched as an unspoken command sent the men out in different directions, making a safe perimeter. Turok took down a fur from his rides back and a satchel, handing both to Larl. She set to tossing out the pelt, smoothing it down for him, and then she set the satchel down. He motioned for her to sit with him as he sat with a large flagon in his hands.

"So many men, You must be One of great importance, Master."

Laughing as he opened the flagon and then drinking deep of the water filling it. "No girl, I'm just not man enough to handle My own battles."

She smiled at his easy ways, "sure Master Turok. You certainly look like the kind that is easily subdued."

He handed her a cup and offered the flagon to her, allowing her to pour herself a small drink. She slowly tipped the flagon to fill the cup she held pressed between her knees.

"Well, you haven't seemed to have any problems subduing Me girl."

She sipped from the cup and watched as he drew out some dried bosk strips and fresh ramberries. Her stomach grumbling she drank deep from the water again, finishing the cup. "thank You, Master, and this girl hardly believes she conquered You."

"See it however You like girl. I did not bring gruel with Me, larl. you'll have to settle for some berries and bosk. I do apologize for making you eat such horrible things." His laugh was contagious as she rang in with him, taking the meal he offered with most gracious hands.

They sat and ate their meal, the ache in her belly slowly subsiding, but she was not looking forward to riding the kaiila again. She thought of how she might try to ride the beast behind her master, or sit in some other position.

"Master, how much further is our ride?"

"Another three ahn or so, why do you ask?" He knew the answer, but he wanted to know if she would dare to tell him.

"oh, girl was just curious," she thought for a moment of how to word this, "the kaiila is not the most comfortable means of transportation."

"Really? I find them most enjoyable. Perhaps it is your position on him?" He teased her, baiting her.

"Yes, maybe so. Is there another way this girl could ride him?" She bit her tongue quickly, hating the way that had sounded off her lips. His laugh told her he was conscious of her predicament.

He leaned forward and ran his hand up the inside of her thigh; he had to know if she was ready, if the motion, the animal, his own pressure had excited her. Why did he want this slave so bad, what was it about her that made him feel that he must be near her, hold her, feel deep inside of her constantly. 

She opened her thighs wider instinctively at his touch; her heart quickening. His fingers parted her soft petals finding the dewy center of her pleasure, just teasing her senses. With eyes closing at his touch she thought of the sun patching through the tree that they sat under, it's warmth somewhat subduing, her heart hushing out the sounds of the world around them till nothing remained but the feel of his two fingers sliding inside her wanting sex. 

Slowly he pushed her onto her back, positioning himself between her lush thighs, his free hand unlacing the ties of his britches. Her emerald spheres opened to find him smiling above her; his brute strength resting on his one flexing arm. The pouting lips form her as he withdrew his fingers made him laugh softly.

"you were enjoying that, girl?"

Only offering a soft nod as her voice caught in her throat.

"Well, I am sure I have something more enjoyable," smiling down at her as he slid in his hardened manhood. Watching her twitch under him, loving every sound she made, the look of extreme pleasure coursing through her. It drove him, causing him to thrust into her harder, faster. His eyes piercing right through her; in her all he saw was fire, the need of a kajira. Grabbing the back of her head in a fist of tangled hair he pulled back, lifting her up to him, forcing her to arch her back; his other arm grasping around her hips and lifting her up to meet his heated thrusts. Damn he needed this slut.

Larl couldn't help but see the fierce look in his bronze orbs, something in them made her tremble. It was as if he was seeing her differently, but she was enthralled with what he was sending through her body. Her tight petals were numbing with the intense pounding he was unleashing on her.  With the jerk to her mane, her lips wrenched in agony, but her body reeled with rapture, she began to meet his own thrusts into her, using her legs to force her hips up to his.

"Master...please...."

Panting breaths as he looked upon her; "Please what, slut."

Her emerald eyes met his begging, "please...may this girl release? she can not..."

A deep agonizing groan from his own lips as his seed exploded into her hot womb, "yes, larl, have your bliss."

His lips found hers in a longing kiss as she pressed into him, her body quivering in sweet explosions of heat. Her tongue pulled his into her mouth, they twirled and sucked sweetly. As he pulled back she nibbled at his bottom lip. His hand now releasing the thick waves, he slowly rested her head down, running his fingers through the copper hairs, then caressing her cheek. He loved watching her come down from the high he put her in. The way her full globes heaved up and down as her breaths slowed, the shallow trembles of her abs and thighs. He pulled from her and stood quickly, fastening his pants and giving her a nod.

"Pack Our things girl, We must be going." Looking up at the position of the sun, "I don't want to be in the forests near dusk."

She wanted to lay there and bask in the feelings he had sent through her, but she saw the hard look on his face, she knew his mind had already moved away from her. She packed up the satchel he had taken food from, rolled up the fur and grabbed the flagon; a guard placed them on the kaiila's back and then helped her up. This time Turok cradled her in his arms, both legs hanging off the right side of the animal. She snuggled her head into his defined chest and rested her back against his muscular arm; the beast lurched forward and they set off at a much more brisk pace than before.

After riding for an ahn they pulled up near the edge of a deep forest. Turok reached back and pulled up a cloak, wrapping it around his shoulders and covering her as well.

"Stay still under there, and hold on."

With one hard kick the kaiila took off, Larl was jostled in his arms, but she reached forward with one small hand and gripped her fingers into some of the thick hair, her other arm she reached around him. It was an odd feeling, fast and jumping. She could tell they were weaving through trees and she wondered what was in these woods that might make him steer through them so quickly. She heard cries from the guards and strange sounds she didn't recognize; then the animal was pulled to a stop quickly. Her master's chest was heaving, gasping for breath from having to control the kaiila. The cloak was pulled from her.

"Are you ok?" He asked through grabbing needed air.

"Yes Master. girl is fine." She looked and saw one kaiila wandering without its rider. Another mount and its rider were missing. "Master?"

"It's ok, girl. you needn't worry about such things. Caton; go get the kaiila. It's too hard to break these animals."

They rode the rest of the distance in silence, she hadn't known those men; she knew Gor was harsh, but she had never seen it. Not like that. As the first moon started to rise a small town came into view. Torches flickered ahead of them, shapes moved amongst the light.

"We are home girl. This is Steel Dawn."

They rode through the streets; men bowed heads and shared greetings of "tal." Free women dipped under their robes, and slaves batted their eyes and called up to the guards. The one noticeable thing was all the wide eyes at her, she knew the looks, and she offered up her coy smile at them all.

They stopped before a tavern and Turok slid her down into the guard's arms and then took a leap down. Giving out orders to the men and then placing his hand at the small of her back, urging her towards the large double doors. He pushed open the right door and stepped through, she followed obediently behind. The tavern roared up in greetings and cheers.

"Hair, slut."

She bent over at the waist quickly and threw her hair up and forward, giving him something to lead her by. She felt a soft touch as his fingers trailed through and then the harder tug. He led her to the middle of the tavern and then pushed her to her knees. She assumed nadu, spreading her creamy thighs wide, a V drawing the eye to her moist petals. With a stiff spine and arched back bringing her lush bosom up and forward, she placed her hands upon her thighs, her palms warming against her flesh. Tipping her head back, proudly showing off the steel that encased her neck, her emeralds falling under thick lashes; she felt the eyes upon her.

A deep beckoning voice came up from behind her, "Only one? By the Priest Kings, don't tell Me You blew all My money on one slut?" she felt a different touch on her porcelain cheek, one unfamiliar to her. "Though she is amazing."

"Yes, just the one, Trev. I couldn't help Myself. You'll be pleased with her...They All will." Turoks laughter carried over the hum of the tavern. "This is larl, pearled larl."

"larl?! Why such a name?" Trev questioned.

Turok raised his brow, "Just wait till You take her to the furs. larl, this is Trev; He is the owner of this tavern....and....your Owner."

Her eyes moved up quickly, "Master? this girl assumed....."

Trev's deep voice came at her abruptly, "beasts should not assume...hell, you shouldn't think other than how to complete a task. you belong to the tavern, Turok is the Operator, you answer to Us Both, but it was My money that brought you here." He shook his head in disapproval.

"this girl is sorry, Master Trev. It will not happen again."

"Let's see that it doesn't. savon, come, take her to the kennels. she should rest tonight. In the morn you can show her around."

A brunette came over and took her hand, as larl stood Turok reached over and kissed her cheek softly, whispering in her ear, "I will find you tomorrow girl."

He strode away heading to a large chair in the middle of the action of the tavern; Larl watched him over her shoulder as the pretty little Savon led her to a small hallway. The last thing she saw was Turok lift a naked dark haired beauty up into his lap that had been kneeling by his chair. His lips engulfed hers and his hands groped her breasts hungrily. She could tell the girl was his. Larl learned her place in her new life in an instant. 

The next morning Savon and Desiree showed Larl around her new home. The kitchen was similar to the one she had known, as most Gorean kitchens are; open shelves, high wooden counters, a clay water basin with pump, and a coolery tucked into the corner. In this tavern, however, the fire pit was along the back wall of the kitchen, not set in the middle of the action. The serving furs were strewn about the sand pit and in front of the high counters separating the kitchen from the tavern proper. She was also surprised to see chairs and benches around the tables; the Free here did not sit on furs.
