 The evening found the tavern chaotic. Larl had been kept at Trev's feet most of the night. She had only served him and one other man. She actually enjoyed sitting at his feet, having him gently stroke through her hair like some cherished pet. They had talked quietly amongst themselves when other men weren't near and he had a funny charm to him. She learned that he owned no personal slaves with no desire to, that he had a free companion that had once been his love slave, and that he had many friends but none he trusted. 

She watched as Turok entered; his slave Kieke at his heels. When he settled in his chair with Kieke at his feet the ebony haired girl looked over to Larl and sneered. Her stare and narrowed gaze made it clear that she did not like the new kajira. 

Trev saw it as well, "don't mind her larl; she isn't used to competition. That girl has always held high esteem around here; she barely knows she's a beast at all."

The tone in his voice said everything his words didn't. Larl smiled and chuckled softly at his comment as he again ran his fingers softly through her mane.

The door opening caught Larl's attention. A strong man entered, young, extremely handsome. His eyes were dark onyx and his hair so black it rivaled the night of no moons. His sight sent shivers through Larl and she purred softly to herself as she watched him walk in; his presence over whelming. 

The other tavern kajira were quick to straighten up their positions and open thighs wider, sly smiles and shifting of their torsos to draw the eye to luscious breasts. He simply passed them by and looked down at them shaking his head and taking in the view.

Larl was so consumed in him she hadn't noticed Trev stand to greet him. As the young dream came closer they grasped arms and took each other's shoulder.

"Trev, so good to see You once again. My father sends His regards."

"I'd rather Him send the money He owes Me, but Who's keeping track these days." 

Both laughed loudly.

"Come boy, sit with Me. Let My new kajira get You a drink."

The youthful Gorean sat across from Trev, his eyes falling down to Larl. His smile broadened. "Now that is a beauty. Bet You paid well for it." Not turning his gaze he raised his brow and sneered, "Is it any good? I mean, in the furs?"

Trev laughed heartily, "Dane, aren't You a bit young to be judging the use of a girl? They should all be good to You!"

Larl's heart pounded as the man's eyes never left her, she felt him tearing right through her soul.

"It's been a while since Our last visit old man, You shouldn't judge Me as the boy You once knew. Chilled ale girl."

Larl nodded and repeated his order. She backed off the furs she knelt upon and turned skillfully away and off to the kitchen. As she walked away from the table she also passed Turok and Kieke. A coy smile covered her lips as she ran tender fingers up her sides, lifting her hair from her sculpted back and fine curved ass. The crimson silks fluttering around her lush thighs. She looked over her shoulder as dainty fingers let the wild tendrils fall slowly down her back, cascading in a slow flow of lava. Kieke's eyes were burning, and she couldn't help but notice Turok's filled with desire. Sliding in behind the high counter Trev and Dane eyed her as well, both smiling at her grace.

She quickly set to finding a suitable horn. A black one caught her eye. It was carved with a large tarn, silver dipped in the cuts making the bird come alive. The rim was also lined with thick silver. She looked over every cut and smooth surface, searching for flaws. Her emerald eyes looked directly to Dane as she pulled the silks around her right breast low, revealing the creamy full feast and taut nub. She shivered as the rim moved over the silken flesh, her heart skipping at the touch. Dane licked his lips watching her.

Replacing her silks she cleaned the horn and turned to the coolery. An easy tug opened the door and she quickly stepped into the frigid air of the cold storage room. The ale was kept in large casks in the back. She held the horn underneath and twisted the tap letting the golden brew flow into its vessel, once near full she stopped the tap and fled the hostile cold.

She pushed her tush to the door and thrust back, the door thudded closed behind her. With the horn held close to her tight belly she left the kitchen, deep emerald pools fixed on the new man sitting at Trev's table. He was so young, she guessed not much older than herself. And she was struck by the way he had spoken to Trev and herself. It was funny that referring to her as an "it," something so impersonal, would actually captivate her. 

As she walked across the open floor she felt that slave fire stir in her belly. She knew that feeling, and she knew there was only one way to quench it if she let it consume her, but to suppress it was impossible. Her sultry hips swung as she drew nearer to him, slender legs moved her effortlessly, and she felt other eyes upon her so she added her own heat to the fire already showing, a gentle toss of her thick mane, removing it from her shoulders, letting it frame the perfect ivory canvas and feminine lines and curves. She knew her skin was speckled with the effects of the coolery; she knew very well what it was that men wanted.

She lowered to kneel at his feet, opening her creamy thighs wide; her moistened petals in clear wanting view of his dark gaze. A devilish smile while batting thick lashes, she rolled her shoulders back and offered up her delectable bosom and deep cleavage, pushing them close to him, for his ease to reach. The horn was raised from her heated belly to her heart and then in outstretched arms as her head fell between them.

"Master, this girl hopes the ale is refreshing and her serve was intoxicating."

He drank in her beauty, watching every move she made as Trev rambled in his ear about past stories and battles. He was also aware of the other men that watched her, wanted her. She was so young; kajirae were given anti-aging serum, but he could tell she truly was young, even the serum isn't flawless. He had been with many slaves since becoming a tarnsman. His father had given him two of his own when he took to the skies, but never had he been with something so fresh. He quickly interrupted Trev in midsentence before the girl got back.

"How much?"

"What?"

"For the girl, for her use? I am sure she isn't merely the cost of a drink. I want her, so how much?"

"Four copper tarsks"

As she settled at his boots he nodded to Trev and looked down on her, ready to take her now. He took the horn and drank deep from it. "Aye girl, quite intoxicating."

She settled her palms upon her thighs and slowly raised her silks up her thighs, the view of her honeysuckle calling to his eyes. He reached his hands down and slowly ran a finger through the soft petals, bringing the honey to his lips. 

Larl's thighs opened even further as his hand reached between her succulent thighs, she even pushed her pelvis into his hand. That's exactly what she needed, to be used by someone other than Turok.

He finished his drink and set the horn down. "Well Trev, it was nice to see You and talk, but I'm sure You know I came here for another type of company."

Again both men laughed. Dane ran his fingers into her wild tresses and grabbed them, pulling her up to her feet, "come girl, you are for My use for now."

He grabbed her waist and slung her over his shoulder, giving her a hard smack across the ass as he headed to the alcoves. She giggled at his action, kicking slightly and wiggling a bit.

He ran his hand up the inside of her thigh and slid two fingers into her damp sex as he continued to stride through the tavern proper, already working her soft lips hard and with great force. She squealed in delight. 

"This will be much fun girl." He laughed as they entered the private alcove. 

He tossed her down on small mattress opened her thighs and buried his face between them. A deep gasp escaped her lips as his tongue plunged into what his fingers had readied. Greedily he lapped at her juices, nibbling at her lips and sucking on her pleasure center, the sensations coursed through her in waves of numbing tingles to outright pleasure. He sucked and pulled at her bud until she thought she might loose control only to loosen his hold and send his wicked tongue into her dripping sex. When he had filled himself of her honey he would assault her tender lips, nibbling with his soft lips, pulling; even biting hard with his teeth on occasion. She twisted and pulled under the torment he gave her. 

He stopped and rose up, pushing in three fingers to fill what his tongue had left empty. "you are quite tasty girl. I could spend some time down there driving you into a frenzy."

His smile drove her wild. It was cocky and devilish. She met him back with her own coy grin, her breaths slowing as he gave her a slight reprieve.

"Were you enjoying that?"

"oh yes, Master, very much so."

"Well I suppose there's nothing wrong in you receiving pleasure as long as you continue to feed me such sweet nectar."

She spread her thighs wide as he went down for another attack, this one much more aggressive. His teeth scratched her sensitive petals, pulling at them twisting them from her. He buried his thumb into her hard pearl, pressing against her sending her into an agonizing orgasm. Thick sweetness greeted his onslaught and he moaned as he drank deep from her well. Her body ached as she continued to retreat in defeat giving him all that he had won from her. 

Larl's sweet sex was completely numb when he climbed on top of her, pulling at the knot on her shoulder. His fingers wild as he clawed at the shear fabric covering her. His new conquests, the rosy buds set on her full globes. He took them in his teeth and wrenched and pulled at them, sucking softly only to tear at them again. The feelings he spun through her had her in a high she did not want to come down from. She was completely enthralled with his exploits. As she was loosing her mind to the sensations trickling through her breasts she felt him stab her deep in her still tingling sex. One quick thrust and his spear was buried fully into her soaked sheath. Biting on her hard nipple, while squeezing her other breasts he began to take her rapidly. Slamming into her with such vigor, her soft moans turned to cries of excitement, begging him for more. 

His teeth let go of her nipple to move to her ear, a soft nibble and then a long pull as he sucked on it, only letting go so that he could devour her neck and shoulder. Neither could tell if her wails were of pain or pleasure; they seemed to be one in the same. He continued to take her hard, stopping only to pull his damp shirt from his body.

Larl moaned as she saw his rippling muscles glistening with the sweat from his actions. She ran her hands up over the biceps to his sculpted shoulders. Her jade orbs met his midnight pools and they exchanged knowing glances. She prepared herself by placing her feet firmly on the furs and lifting up her waist to his.

He grabbed her hips and drove into her with needed force. She was so tight, even after all his plummets to her she still clung to him like a well formed glove. This was exactly what the anti-aging serum couldn't change; an older, well used slut would always show here. And this slave was perfectly fit. He took her with such force that she was pressed awkwardly against the back wall of the alcove. He slowed and looked down on her shimmering body, happy that she could take what he giving, and even happier that she seemed to want to give back just as much.

"let this girl ride You, Master. You've worked so hard...." Her voice soft and coaxing, panting between needed breaths.

He gladly agreed, anxious to see if she could match his ravenous stature. An evil smile as he pulled ever so slowly from her clinging petals. Moving onto his back he admired her shape as she crawled up to him, taking her place over his thick shaft, sliding down upon it slowly, impaling herself there on him. She slowly rocked and grinded in easy circles at first, he gave her an un-approving shake of his head and she giggled as she lifted up onto her knees and drove every inch of his rod deep into her, so much deeper at this angle. She lifted again and dropped down. Her nails biting into the flesh of his chest as the ecstasy tore through her. 

His hands upon her hips urged her higher off him and down harder. As she met him he pushed up and arched into her, hitting her to the hilt. Her shrill screams music to his ears.

"That's it girl, take all of it. Good girl, harder now. Give Me everything girl, coat My spear in sweet honey."

The constant deep nailing to her womanhood caused her to spill every drop of loving juice from her sex. Her belly quivered as she gave in to the marvel of their tirade. His smile told her she was on course with what he was expecting so she did not stop when her legs ached, or when her belly burned, not even when her head began to go fuzzy. Larl couldn't catch her breath, and the chronic orgasms were taking their toll on her immature body. Suddenly she could not seem to hold herself upright, she could hear him speaking to her but the words were senseless. 

"easy girl, larl...slow down..."

She collapsed down on his chest.

Dane wrapped his arms around her limp body as he poured his seed into her. Damn, she was wonderful. She hadn't stopped, even when she was close to fainting. He wasn't limp, and he needed to use her again. He thought of how easy her weakened body could be taken now. An unconscious slut was easy to play with, not as much fun, but one could do things with an unaware body that they might meet resistance to otherwise. He let his hands move down her spine, over the curves of her ass, finding all the nectar that had pumped from her body. He coated his fingers in the slippery sweetness and ran fingertips through the crack of her ass. He stirred at the thought and continued to saturate her ass. A deep sigh as he slide one finger into her with ease, her lifeless body opening up effortlessly for him. He added one more finger and worked them in her tight ass, and then he felt her stir. Removing them he rolled her onto her back, cradling her on his arm.

When she awoke, she was on her back; she blinked heavily a few times to get her bearings. Her thighs were sticky and she could feel hard hands moving on her. His face came into focus.

"Now that, girl, was impressive. I've never had a slut give so much to please Me. I'll give you a bit of rest before I finish with you."

She was still foggy, "Finish, Master?" 

"Aye. I am much younger than Trev. I require more from a slut than just one round." His laughter was light and refreshing. She curled onto her side and kissed his hardened chest, the past couple of minutes coming back to her. Her thighs were sore and her body ached like it had been trampled, but she wanted him again. She was completely unaware of his secret conquest of her.

He sat up and looked down over her, "Ready, girl?" He asked as her took her hips and moved her onto her knees, not waiting for her answer as he pushed his large pole deep into her. She arched her back, the feeling taking her back to the edge. A strange feeling came over her as her spread her creamy half moons, continuing to jab hard into her lovely sex. He leaned over her back as his fingers played softly with her ass, she was oddly aware of how wet she was there.

"I want your ass girl." 

Her eyes widened, she had heard from others, but she was still so new. Did she dare say no? She couldn't; it wasn't allowed. 

As she wrestled with the thought he pulled from her dripping sex and pushed into her tight star slowly, patiently.

He eased her with calming words, "Just relax girl. I've already opened you with my fingers."

What? When? Her mind was spinning as he pushed in further. When she was about to try and pull away he gave one last deep push and she pushed back. Her body jumped and she didn't have time to beg permission as a flood of cream ran down her thighs.

"Yes, Master! Please....yes!"

That was all he needed; he took her with great force and gave her no reprieve as he desolated her for his own pleasure. She became weak in his hands and while she was numb to the ruin of her body, she was completely entranced by the new feeling and the tremendous orgasms that went with it.

He gave one last thrust and groaned as his engorged shaft exploded in her, filling her ass with hot seed. He let her go and fall onto the mattress, following behind, lying beside her. He watched as her body jerked and the muscles twitched in the after effects of his unleashing on her. She was well worth the money. He should probably give Trev some extra; she would need a few days to heal. He looked at the soft bruises that were already beginning to form on her thighs and hips. He smirked at the several bite marks on her perfect ivory flesh. His hand reached out to touch her petals and she jerk away instinctively. He chuckled.

"you will need a few days rest girl."

"mmmmm..." It was all she could utter.

"you would make Me a very good bed slut, but since I travel so often you would be laying there alone. If Trev was smart He wouldn't share you."

Her eyes fought to stay open. He had taken everything from her; all that was left was to sleep.

Dane left her there, as he passed the lock box he dropped in a couple extra tarsks, smiling as he did so.

A soft knock on Turok's door drew his attention away from Kieke. He held her still on top of him and called out. "Aye?"

"Master Turok, this girl is sorry to bother You, but it is near dawn and larl did not return to the kennels." Savon's voice was shaky, it was these times she hated being first girl.

"What?!" His voice boomed with his concern and anger.

He shoved Kieke off of him and to her side, his hard manhood slipping out of her soaking sex. Her lips pressed in a pout as she pulled at him with loving arms. He pushed away and snapped at her, "Enough kieke, I have to tend to this."

"Let the first girl find her."

"Mind your tongue, slut."

Kieke bit her lip, the sting of his words highlighted on her face. It had been years since he had called her a slut. She growled at the thought of the new kajira.

After dressing quickly Turok opened the door and left her there. His mind was running over last nights activities. Caloon's boy, he had taken her to the alcoves.

"Did you check the alcoves, savon?"

The girl stopped dead in her tracks and looked at him dumbly.

"I'm sorry, of course not." Shaking his head, he knew the girl wouldn't dare disturb any in the alcoves.

"larl was only to spend the evening with Master Dane, not all night. savon is not sure why larl didn't return."

"Trev should not have offered her to Him. He's rough and stupid. I don't trust Him either."

They reached the hall of alcoves, only three doors were closed. Something drew him to the far door at the end. A heavy fist boomed against the wood. "larl? This is Turok, I am searching for larl." 

No answer rose up so he pushed it open. His eyes fell on the bruised crumpled girl on the straw mattress, a thin sheet barely covering her. She was sound asleep, but she seemed comfortable. Turok's heart dropped seeing her in such a state. Dane was smart to sneak off.

Turok turned to savon; "go fetch the physician. Bring Her to My chambers."

As savon turned away quickly Turok knelt down and picked up larl, cradling her. She stirred in his arms and wrapped her own about him. 

Smiling she mumbled, "mmmmm, Master Dane...." She nuzzled her smooth cheek against Turok's chest and he grimaced to hear her purr of content for the other man.

He made his way quickly through the empty tavern and up to his chamber. Pushing open the door and striding in.
