 (author's note - due to so many complaining over the capitalization use and online mannerisms, i have stopped Capping the Free. it really isn't a big deal, just tired of hearing about it.

ALSO...i ain't John Norman, this isn't written as a continuation of his stories...that would be illegal...DUH! This is a storyline of my online life in Gorean chat...don't like it, don't read it.  Thanks)



Chapter 4

The week was slow, she spent the first two nights in Turok's chambers; exchanging looks with Keike and listening to him use her. The only gratification she had was that while listening she heard the difference between her time with Turok and his use of Kieke. It made her smile as she slept in the furs. He would always pull Larl into the bed with them after he was finished; she on one side, Kieke on the other. He took turns through the night holding each of the girls. 

After the second night, Larl told him how uncomfortable she was and begged to go back to the kennels. Turok was reluctant, he loved having her close and greatly missed having two slaves to share his bed, but he understood. 

She spent the rest of the days lounging around the kennels, taking long baths in the grotto and working on her dancing. The bruises were healing nicely, only a few of the bites to her breasts and one yellow mark across her neck remained. At night though, she longed for Dane to return, she would tremble at the thought of him, his force.

Larl had been dancing when Desiree entered, watching her. "You should enter the contest next week. Bet you would win, that would smart Kieke." The tall girl laughed.

"Contest?" Larl looked perplexed, she knew nothing of the sort, didn't even know that girl's would dance to win something.

"Yes, any girl can enter, there is free form and structured. The prize is to sleep in one of the guest rooms for two nights and verr for dinners."

Larl's eyes lit up; she was a good dancer, and being trapped in here she had plenty of time to get ready. "I think I will."

Desiree just smiled as she walked out, she couldn't stand Kieke.

* * *

Trev was excited to hear the new girl would dance. He wanted to see what she had to offer and glad that she felt up to it. That night in the tavern he talked with Turok about it.

"I am excited to see Larl dance. Since you blew so much of my gold she better be good."

Turok looked stunned, "I wasn't aware she would dance. What I mean to say is; I wasn't aware she would in this contest. I am, of course, sure she is an excellent dancer."

Trev looked down at Kieke who could not hide her anger. "Not worried are you little slut? What do you need private chambers for anyway?" He laughed at the thought of Kieke loosing to his new pet.

"Well Turok, I am off to check on Larl before I retire for the night." He rose up and set off to the kennels, pushing open the wooden door, glancing through the small window of bars before entering, smiling at the beast curled in the corner.

She could hear the footfalls of boots, Trev's. She smiled as she rolled over to face him, starting to pull to her knees.

"No, girl, you needn't bother." He took a knee beside her, stroked her long auburn mane, following it as it lay across the dip of her waist and the rounding curve of her hip. He continued to move his hand over her thigh. She purred in contentment.

"I am glad you will dance in three days. I want you to continue to rest here, keep out of the tavern. Practice and make your Owner proud. Is that understood little girl?"

"Aye Master."

"I will notify Savon. I think after the contest, I should finally enjoy my property, don't you?"

A broad smile from full lips, a soft nod as she moaned for him, "ooohhhhh, yes Master."

He stood quickly and left her to her rest. She rolled onto her back and giggled at the thought, her belly burning as she fell to sleep.

* * *

Larl entered the tavern with Savon and two other paga girls. The hall was packed, voices jumbled together as girls sat with their masters, were led around on leash, even two were being used in the open, riding their masters as the men drank their ale and had their enjoyment. The sight was euphoric. One girl had already begun her dance in the pit; the music filled the room and voices hushed as patrons and kajirae focused on her moves. Larl knew her, or rather had seen her before. She belonged to one of the regulars to Steel Dawn.

Larl positioned herself near Trev and close to the sand pit. She watched the lovely dance. The girl gave her all, but it was clear she was not trained in dance, but naked flesh was hot, no matter what it did.

After the girl was finished, she saw Kieke emerge from the crowd and take her place in the sand. With a nod the music started and Kieke began her twisting motions, her need and desire clear and pronounced. Each sinful step called to the eye, a flick of her hips sent the men swooning, on her knees she was pure magic. Larl found it hard to believe that such heat came from a Barbarian.  Why did she not show that longing for her own master? Larl looked to Turok and saw him squirming in his chair, adjusting his weight. He too was seeing his old kajira, the one that stirred him. He hoped she would sustain something for the furs tonight.

She collapsed to her knees as the dance ended, her breathing labored; her muscles twitching. Larl smiled at the thought, Kieke had not practiced much, her body was spent from the motions, and it would not be enough for her to win tonight.

A rub to the back of her head and she looked over her shoulder, Trev smiled, "Go on My little dance slut. Show the men what good money brings."

She rose up to her feet, dawned the little zimmers onto her fingers and pulled up the two thin veils to cover her face, only her piercing emeralds shinned above the fabric. She let her little bare feet trail through the soft sands, as she wrapped the larger outer robe around her tiny frame, hiding her sexy curves from their lustful eyes. This is what would win her the contest; holding a man's lust, drawing it out, bringing them to the complete edge and then giving them what they desired, she would manipulate their own emotions to win this dance.

The taber started off, a steady rap that she slowly tapped her painted toes to, popping her hip under the robe, enough so it could be seen, but not enjoyed. She walked slow steady circles around the edge of the sand, moving so close to the men, letting the robe fall open in the front, some of her frame revealed. With a roll of her sculpted shoulders she let the fabric fall down them and off her arms, tossing it to the side, revealing a stunning beauty still covered with layers of shear silks and veils in a variety of hues of purple, pinks, and gold.

Now with her arms freed, she raised them out to her sides and began chiming in with the music, the little zimmers making a sweet "ching" around her as her dainty wrists made circles and beckoned men to come near. Reaching to the small of her back she pulled a tie and released a purple scarf from her hips, flipping it out and away from her body, twirling in wild circles around the pit, the fabric fluttering around her.

As she let that one go and sail away from her to crumple on the sand she was already loosening another pink silk. She took languid steps to a master seated near the edge. Handsome and built, with green eyes that rivaled her own. She let her now bare hips swing, her soft trimmed red curls above her moist heat drawing his eye at first. She tossed out the veil around his head and catching the other end, pulled him nearer to her. It was the coyness in her eyes that did him in, that look that said, "I am yours if you want me, come and take it." When his face was so close to her lush mounds she could feel his heated breath pass through her cleavage, she let go of the veil, leaving it with him and turning sharply away, dipping down to her knees to crawl seductively to the next man she wished to play with, her ass cheeks rolling was the green eyed master's lasting view.

Now all that was left on her were two veils covering her lovely face and pouty lips. There on her knees in the middle of the pit she rolled her body painfully around in slow motion, dipping back, her deep red hair blood streaks in the soft white sands, her abs and ribs strained as she leaned back with the roll, round breasts straining upward with erect nipples. As she came back up and whipped her hair around she released the top veil, bringing it over her sensitive nipples, rubbing it across the hard buds, bringing herself near bliss in her own dance. She tossed it frantically to her side, pushing her thighs out wider as she loosened the last veil, slowly rubbing it down her body, the light gold glistening against her silken ivory flesh. She brought it to her wanting mound and rub softly, not enough to anger any man watching her, enough to tease and make them want her. To show herself as the needy slut she was. Her scent now on the last veil she brought it to her mouth, grasped it in her ruby lips and crawled low to the sands, letting her pink buds drag across the tormenting sands. At Trevs feet she kneeled, a willing slut offering him a treasure which he gladly accepted.

The men called out and beat their fists to their shoulders, the room erupted in calls, girls whooped and squealed. Her breaths were slow and labored but she had plenty more to give. 

Several men slapped Trev on his shoulder nodding approval; two stopped and whispered to him. Larl was the last to dance; people began to move out from around the pit and occupy tables and furs, awaiting the decision of the three judges. 

The man that Larl had danced for and taunted came up behind her and stroked her hair, he bent down and spoke softly. His voice burned her heart and stung her soul, "It is a shame pretty slut that I must leave early. But I visit here often, and in my next return I want to feel that fire in the furs. I look forward to using you...and using you often." 

He grabbed her breasts and tweaked her nipple before walking away. She saw the man and Trev exchange friendly glances.

Trev gave Larl the signal to lap and she hurriedly did so. He turned his neck so that she could nuzzle him and kiss him sweetly. He smelled her sex off the veil and whispered to her. It was a different side of him and one that shocked her as well as intrigued.

"You smell delectable, but I fear it is not enough to have this scent on a rag. I want my mouth buried in your cunt dear slut, so that I might smell it off my beard. You will cum for me, girl; you will feed your Master your sweet honey."

Moaning was all she could do as she rubbed her mound against him. He pulled her up against him closer, letting his hard spear push through his britches and tease her sensitive pearl. 

He called to her, "That's my good slut, right here girl. I know that dance worked on your senses, I know what you need. Mmmmmmm."

She was pushing and rocking so hard against him as he pushed back up to her. She was mindless of all those around her, just the complete pleasure she felt rubbing against him. She bit her lip, pushed her face into his neck and groaned.

He too moaned in her ear as he felt her nectar flow from her and soak his crotch. Laughing as he said to her, "that is a very good little beast. Only a true slut can release in the open, can forget all to have her joy. Such a good little slave you are."

He gave her a tight hug and then pushed her down to the furs at his feet. He stood and walked off to tend to some business and greet some friends, pulling his light shirt out of his pants; the shirt tails covering her offering. She sat there taking in the sights, reveling in the sticky sweet between her thighs.

The First Sword of the tavern whistled and drew everyone's attention. He called out several names and remarked on the dances scene. Larl listened as Savon joined her and held her hand. It was no surprise to anyone other than Kieke that Larl won this contest. She stood and bowed her head to all and then sat back down, her cheeks blushing.

Trev strode over quickly and commanded the girl, "hair!"

She stood to his left and tossed her thick mane up and over to fly forward, her body bent at the waist. 

With a handful of it he said to her, "let Me show you to your quarters and your prize slut."

He dragged her off and away from the mayhem of the tavern.

Trev's smile was wide as he pulled the girl up the stairs and down the hallway leading to the patron's quarters. The narrow passage dark, save for the few flickering torches. His thoughts on the girls previous dance fresh in his mind. He pushed open the door to the small guest chamber and moved quickly to the furs, the little slave scampering behind him, still bent over, her hair tangled in his large hand.

He loosened his grip letting her stand and took her face in his hands, kissing her deeply.  Larl moved her soft little fingers up his chest to his shoulders, following his arms to cup over his hands on her face. Their tongues twirled and danced. She was amazed at how passionate his kiss was. She took a step closer, pressing her body into his, needing to feel him against her.

Trev, dropped his hands, longing to touch her curves, moving over her lush breasts, down her slender sides and waist to grasp her perfectly shaped ass. He was happy she was nude; he didn't need to bother with troublesome silks. 

He pulled his mouth from hers, "My britches, girl."

She quickly complied; her fingers working at the ties, pulling the waist free, pushing them down off his hips. In a quick movement he lifted her up; she wrapped her legs around him as he thrust his manhood deep inside her welcoming flower, pushing her against the wall. Larl's hands groped and moved over his undulating muscles, the soft but craving touch tingled across his flesh, and Trev was astounded that she could send such a sensation through him. He took the wild emotion and pounded it into her, pushing harder and deeper with his thick rod, slamming her into the stones with great viciousness. He looked at her small frame shake and tremble from the onslaught, the extreme pleasure of his pursuit written on her face. 

She screamed out in gratification, "Master....yes, please! Don't stop, please don't stop!"

At the sounds of her words he did what any good man should, he stopped. He pushed in deep and held her there against the wall, the shock in her eyes made him laugh.

"Don't think your pleasured screams make you any less of a beast girl. You are for my use girl. This is not for your enjoyment. Keep that in mind, slut."

He stayed completely still; she ached. He smiled, and she cringed. She tried to move her hips, so he gripped them tighter and frowned at her, shaking his head no.

"Too many years have I played with toys like you, and though I am sure you enjoy being used and being satisfied; I, girl, will give you a feeling no man has yet to send through you. You, slut, will learn how to be without."

She didn't think she could handle this. What kind of punishment was this? He too was not receiving pleasure, why would a man do such a thing? 

As her breathing slowed and she began to gain her senses again he smiled and began to thrust into her again. She closed her eyes and smiled to herself, she knew a man could not hinder himself in such a way. She rolled her head as he took her with such might that she quickly climbed back to the point of rapture she had been before he stopped his ravage.

He felt her muscles clamp around his thick spear and again pushed deep and held her there. Not moving his sex one inch inside of her, holding steady as she pulsed around him. He watched her writhe there impaled on him pressed against the wall. He knew very well how to bring a girl to extreme heights. It was good for her to learn to suppress her joys for his needs.

Trev kissed her lips softly and watched as she slipped down into a state she could control. "Now girl, this time I will not stop, but you will NOT release. You are not allowed to have fulfillment. Understood?"

Larl didn't understand, or at least she didn't want to. But she had seen Trev with the other kajiae and knew he was strict. "Yes Master. This girl will restrain herself."

Trev grabbed tight to her ass, lifting her up and plummeting her over and over, her back throbbed from the constant banging against the harsh stones finally warm from her own body. At the new adjustment of his angle he was driving into her so very deep and she bit down on her lip to send a new pain through her; anything to make her forget about the numbing sense of thrill gushing through her. With elation her wet sex clamped down on him and Trev smiled as he felt her; he had complete trust that she would not disappoint him. As her sheath constricted around his battering manhood she fought to gain control of herself. He grabbed her in a deep kiss, trying his best to make her objective difficult. 

What he wanted was her to experience an orgasm like none other. To know that controlling herself, restraining herself, and culminating all the passion in her exploits could be greater enjoyed at a maximum climax. It wasn't just to prove to her that sex was for men. Her pleasure was not hers, but his. Her body was to be enjoyed by those that mastered her, if she got anything at all from it; it was because they allowed it. He could tell she was holding on; she was learning to sustain her bliss, and he was proud of her.

He pulled out of her quickly and settled down on the thick furs. "Lap girl, and hold nothing back." 

He saw her smile, "Except, your release girl." He sneered at her.

Larl stifled her pout as she climbed into his lap, letting her legs straddle around him, pulling close to him. His stiff muscle slid into her slick opening with ease and she pushed against him till her petals were pressed to him. She sighed and took several deep breaths. She doubted she could hold herself back in this position. Larl would want to slow or stop if she felt the urges take her; or worse yet drive onward and release anyway.

He grabbed her ass firmly and kissed her neck, pushing her back so that he could capture a hard pink bud in his teeth. He rolled it around and sucked it heavily, letting his tongue flick the sensitive bit. He knew she was tentative to move on him so he pushed her down onto him further and pulled her back off only to shove her back down. A deep moan bellowed from her lips. He was growing aggravated with her reluctance.

"girl?"

"Yes Master."

She closed her eyes took a deep breath and began to rock against him, the steady force growing harder with each thrust. She pulled nearly completely off him and then hurled herself back down. She could feel the tip of his manhood sting her with each stab. Trev continued his attack to her nipples, switching from one bouncing breast to the other. The only thing she could do was to dig her nails into his back and bite her lip. She tried to think of anything other than the lovely delight pumping through her veins and nerves. She looked at table with a bowl of fruit and a bottle of ka'la'na; watched the flames flicker from the torches hanging from the walls; she even took note of the large wood beams jutting across the ceiling. Anything in the small room to pull her mind from the ecstasy that pumped through her veins.

Trev growled as he could tell she was sending her mind elsewhere. He grabbed a handful of red roped mane and pulled her head to his. He kissed her so very deep, letting is tongue take over her mouth and pull her back to the furs with him. He tasted the blood from her lip where she had been biting so very hard.

"Here with me girl, don't stray your thoughts."

"Yes, Master, this girl is completely here." 

With the onslaught of his kiss she was pulled back to the building and surging heat that she could no longer suppress. She prepared herself to anger him and just as she was about to give in to her body, she felt him swell inside her. Manly hands gripped her ass hard, spreading her creamy cheeks. She leaned back, arched her back and pushed down harder on him, no longer concerned about the sensations that had numbed her. She now understood. She rocked and ground against him. He buried his face into her rich cleavage and moaned as his spear exploded with liquid heat. He held her there on him as his muscle pulsed and quivered in her; she reveled in his satisfaction, still not having her own. Her slave belly ached and she wanted to coat him in her own nectar.
