 Chapter 1: Lexx needs a new battle-axe 

The pine forest was stained an angry red as the sun rose above it, the boughs and trunks creaking gently in the summer breeze. It would have been a beautiful sight if it were being viewed by the type of being who appreciated that type of beauty. However the rough camp at the forest's edge was not filled with that type of being. The camp's construction had already required the clearing of a large portion of the wood; trees felled, trunks formed into a crude perimeter wall, branches and boughs used to make shelters, stumps becoming seats around campfires. The smell of pine mingled with smoke and pine pitch. It was not beautiful, it was utilitarian, hastily built and obviously intended for war. It was an Orc camp. 

Lexx stretched and arched her back as she roused on her bed of pine needles and skins. She crawled, still half naked, out of the shelter hoping for the warming rays of the sun and possibly a hot beverage at the cook-hut. Standing and stretching again, she enjoyed the sun on her sea green skin. Her chestnut colored hair was tinged with red, rare for an Orc, shaved down to the skin on the sides of her scalp and pulled into a pair of tight braids that hung halfway down her back. Like all Orc females, Lexx had a good mix of lean muscle and just a bit of softness to her figure. Powerful shoulders and biceps, pectoral muscles suited to swinging an axe were paired with some level of femininity. Medium sized breasts were capped with darker green nipples, each pierced with a silver bar, a steel arrowhead dangled from the left bar. Her back curved downward to an exceptionally ample backside covered by a slim loincloth. 

Lexx caught the eye of another Orc warrior and raised her chin, displaying her tusks in a shared cultural greeting. The warrior returned the greeting, letting his eyes linger on her curves. Lexx simply enjoyed the appreciative eye. Deciding to get on with her day, she reached into her pine bough lean-to and pulled out the small bag of her personal effects. Orcs, being a practical, nomadic people, tended towards few personal belongings, and Lexx was no different. Her bag was small, made of deer skin and decorated with the skulls of birds and small mammals, much like her loincloth. Among it's contents were a pair of rough sandals, small trophies from her few past battles, a comb made from antler spikes, an iron knife and fork and a whet stone.  

The cords holding the bag closed were wrapped around the handle of her weapon. A single handed ax with a well worn handle and slightly rusting head, it was an impromptu choice. The warband had been assembled quickly from several tribes, the ceremonial combat trials to choose an overall leader had only lasted a night. Lexx had chosen the hatchet from a pile of the losers' weapons, not wanting to be left behind or be forced to wield a sharp rock in battle. On the long trek from their homeland to their current encampment, Lexx had become very attached to the blade, dreaming of the day she would finally wield it in battle and bring honor to her tribe. She set the ax back inside her shelter and pulled her sandals out of her bag, wrapping the leather thongs around and up to her calves. It was time to eat. 

The cook-hut was at the center of camp. Every Orc was expected to contribute to the camp's collective food stores, bringing whatever they had gathered, trapped or scavenged on the march. Any small villages or settlements along the way were inevitably raided for supplies and prisoners. Once a location was chosen for camp, the cook-hut was among the first structures to be built, dedicated hunters would take up sling and spear to secure a more significant food source. Meanwhile prisoners, taken on the path to war, would be herded to nearby streams and ponds to supply fresh water. Today smoke billowed from the hut, wafting smells of venison and wild fowl across camp. 

Lexx tested the air with her nose and sighed her appreciation, "Ahhh, fresh meat." 

Taking a place in line, Lexx grabbed a bowl from a particularly large pine stump doubling as a table. The line moved rapidly and Lexx soon found her bowl filled with a steaming stew of various meats and wild tubers. A clay cup filled with a dark, hot beverage, brewed from local flora, was pushed into her free hand and she was told to keep moving. She greedily gobbled down the stew, no spoon needed and guzzled the brew, some of each spilling onto her still bare chest. The slight hot sting to her breasts actually brought a smile to her face as it reminded her of a particularly rough coupling she had shared with another warrior at the warband's last camp. 

As soon as the last piece of timber in their previous encampment had been placed Lexx had found a willing and quite able partner and they rutted in the dirt like animals. Working off the stress and boredom of the long march had left her with a few bruises that were still visible. Her partner had been very enthusiastic, grabbing the back of her neck and pushing her head down as he speared his cock into her pussy over and over. Her eyes crossed as she moaned and her new mate grunted along with most of the camp. His cock had spread and stretched her delightfully and she pushed herself up onto all fours as he pounded her pussy. Lexx had felt her orgasm building and could tell by his increasing pace that her mate was drawing close as well. The Orc warrior grabbed her hips and slammed into her pussy one final time, grunting appreciatively at her tightness. 

He roared out and buried his cock deep inside Lexx, spilling his seed. The feeling of his cock filling her up and seed spilling out past her lips pushed Lexx over the edge. Her pussy clenched and flooded, her arms gave out and her face hit the ground, ass in the air. Her partner collapsed on top of her before they both rolled to the side. The two Orcs had lain, basking in their orgasms, Lexx eventually rousing to find something to eat. It was a very pleasant memory, though she had failed to learn the warrior's name before, during or after their union, Orcs rarely having permanent or even long term sexual partners. Still it had been very enjoyable and Lexx made a note to seek him out again. 

By now Lexx had worked the stiffness of sleep out of her body while wandering through camp. She soon found herself in the section of the camp occupied by the Iron Bears, an Orc tribe renowned for it's skill in metalwork. Their banners flew everywhere displaying a bear's head swallowing a bar of iron, almost half of the huts and lean-tos were occupied by anvils of varying sizes and fronted by weapon and armor racks. Lexx was stopped dead in her tracks as she came to a particular hut, front and center in it's collection of weaponry was a beautiful battle-axe. It had a long two-handed grip topped by a broad, double-bitted head, a proper Orc weapon. Her little, single-handed hatchet back in her lean-to already seemed a distant memory as she gazed at the weapon. Looking around, she saw the weapons were unattended and decided to see how the axe felt in her hands. Hefting the two-handed weapon, Lexx flexed her shoulders and gave a few test swings, soon performing sweeping arcs through the air. 

"Do you approve of my craft?", a gravelly voice at her back said. "The iron in this land is of poor quality, it takes more effort to make a decent blade." 

Lexx turned to see the voice's owner, a male Orc, a full head taller than her, with the Iron Bear symbol tattooed across his chest and a bowl of stew in his hand. He was of a slightly slimmer build than the average Orc, the burn scars on his arms and the hammer hanging from his belt clearly marked him as a smith. His black hair formed a single narrow braid down the center of his head. 

Lexx responded, still holding the axe and gazing at its gleaming head, "It's wonderful, I've always wanted a proper war blade." 

The smith stepped past her, taking a gulp of his breakfast before setting the bowl down on his anvil and taking a seat beside it. He took up a half finished blade and examined it with a tired look in his eyes, obviously having spent the night working at his forge. He continued speaking to Lexx as he eyed his work. 

"Arhak, my name's Arhak. Iron Bear." 

As though she hadn't figured that out for herself. 

"If you really like the axe I'm open to a trade." This he said with an upward glance, the slightest note of exasperation in his voice. 

Lexx realized she had been clutching the weapon close to her chest, almost lovingly, looking down at it, she stopped and thought for a moment. She was still a young warrior, her personal combat trophies were neither grand nor numerous enough to trade for such a fine battle-axe. She had no specialized trade to ply, had taken no prisoners along the war path to sell. 

Lexx sighed before answering, sigh "Everything I own wouldn't be enough to take in trade for this." 

She sighed again before dejectedly placing the axe back in its place. Then she had an idea. 

"That is unless you were willing to take a trade in labor. I'd be willing to work until we break camp and move on in a few days." 

Arhak, busy grinding an edge onto an unfinished knife, didn't look up when he answered, "No good. I already have all the help I need." this he said pointing over his shoulder to another Orc. Another male, maybe younger but not by much, the same slim build, his hair a slightly disheveled mohawk. He raised his tusks to Lexx in greeting, which she returned. The two were obviously related. 

"My baby brother, Avok. We get enough done here on our own. Besides, we both worked on that axe. Do you plan to pay us both in labor?" 

Lexx, with a smile, had already begun untying her loincloth. She tossed it to the ground in front of Arhak, finally gaining his undivided attention. She stood with her legs slightly spread, a hand on one hip, and explained her proposition. 

"You may both have as much of me as you like from now until we break camp in four days. Would you consider this fair compensation for your work?", this last she said gesturing to her sex, already dripping at the prospect of getting herself stuffed. 

Avok, the younger brother, was already grinning with excitement and undoing his belt. Arhak, more business minded, appeared to consider the deal for a moment, standing and scratching his chin. 

"You think you can handle two fine young Orcs like us for four full days?" 

Lexx licked the finger tips of her left hand and dipped them into her pussy. She leaned in to Arhak and smiled as she answered, "A girl needs to pass her time somehow." 

This seemed to satisfy Arhak as he grabbed Lexx by the hips and pulled her to his body. Grinding against his pelvis, she could already feel him swelling in his buck skin trousers. She stood on the tips of her toes, wrapped her arms around Arhak's neck and pressed her lips to his, sliding her tongue past his teeth. Arhak sucked on her tongue and moved his hands to Lexx's full backside, squeezing and spreading her cheeks. Enjoying her plump ass being manhandled, but not willing to be outdone, Lexx stepped up her kiss, becoming more aggressive. She took Arhak's lower lip between her teeth, pulling on it, before letting go and clashing her sharp tusks against his with a growl. 

*Grrrrrrrrrrr.* 

Arhak's blood was up now, the fire in his eyes matched by the fire in his loins. He spun Lexx around and bent her over his anvil. The dark metal had already grown hot in the morning sun and Lexx felt as though her hips and belly were being seared on a pan. Arhak had undone the sash around his waist and Lexx looked over her shoulder to see his fat Orc-hood flop out and gently slap against her ass. Arhak adjusted himself, settling his shaft between Lexx's ample, green cheeks. He began thrusting, almost able to wrap his cock entirely in her soft flesh. Orcs being fond of large, firm backsides in their females, this was a common form of foreplay in mating couples and Lexx was thoroughly enjoying the feeling of his length stroking up and down against her asshole. 

She was enjoying the stimulation so much that she was caught by surprise when a sudden tug on her braids jerked her head straight up and she found herself, cross-eyed, staring down the length of another, rather thick, green cock. Avok, the younger brother, had not been content to wait his turn and was now staring hungrily down at Lexx's lips. Lexx was already gushing from the attention being lavished on her rear end and couldn't resist the sight of Avok's shaft bouncing in front of her face. She grabbed the darker green head of Avok's member in both hands and lifted it so she could lick down his length to his heavy ball sack. Lexx sucked one of his balls into her mouth, swirling her tongue around it as Avok moaned and grabbed the back of her head. 

Avok pulled back eventually and Lexx allowed his ball to pop out of her mouth. She looked over her shoulder at Arhak and issued a challenge. 

"Well, are you just going to fool around back there, or are we going to fuck?" 

Arhak wasted no words on his response. He let his cock slip from between Lexx's cheeks and positioned himself so that his head was pressing between the folds of her sex. Lexx spread her legs farther apart and braced her feet as Arhak grabbed her hips and sank his length into her pussy. Lexx's jaw dropped and she gave a throaty moan as Arhak bottomed out inside her. Avok took this as a golden opportunity and thrust his hips forward, filling Lexx's unprepared mouth with his cock. She gagged at first but her lust and instinct quickly took over, allowing her to open her throat and accept the intruder. All three Orcs froze and held their positions for a moment, the two brutish males enjoying Lexx's tightness, Lexx enjoying the full feeling of having two firm cocks inside her. 

Lexx had never had two partners at once and was fully unprepared for the sensation of having two of her holes simultaneously filled, then suddenly emptied. The blacksmith and his brother pulled back in unison, leaving only the heads of their cocks inside Lexx's openings. She audibly whimpered at the sudden emptiness before her boys thrust into her again. The two brothers set into a solid rhythm, thrusting into Lexx together before suddenly leaving her empty for the briefest of moments, then filling her up again. The constant change in stimulation was driving Lexx up the wall. She clutched at Avok's buttocks, trying unsuccessfully to keep him from pulling out of her throat, attempted to push her own rear end back against Arhak and his shaft. 

When they seemed to think that Lexx had been tortured enough, Avok and Arhak changed their rhythm, alternating thrusts so their new mate always had a cock inside her. Lexx, for her part, found this much more satisfying. As Arhak pulled out, she had Avok's meat sliding down her throat. As Avok withdrew, Lexx would lathe her tongue along the underside of his member while Arhak stretched her pussy around his shaft. It didn't take much of this treatment to bring Lexx to her first orgasm. She felt the wave building inside and tried to moan around Avok's member but could barely gargle as it pistoned in and out of her mouth. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she kicked up the dust at her feet slightly but otherwise was unable to indicate to the brothers that she was cumming until her pussy began gushing onto Arhak's cock. Neither Orc even slowed down, though Arhak did laugh with appreciation. 

"Hahahahaha, nothing like the feeling of making an Orc bitch cum on your cock!" 

Lexx continued cumming, her back arched, nostrils flared as she tried to draw in air. The intensity of it all slowed her to ride the wave of her first orgasm to an almost immediate second. The pleasure surged and her muscles clenched, Lexx bucked on top of the anvil as the pair of blacksmiths skewered her like a hunk of meat. As she came down and felt her flesh tingle from the affects of her orgasm, Lexx noticed that neither of her new acquaintances had cum yet. Deciding that she was in for a long haul, Lexx crossed her hands over the small of her back and settled in. 

In a stunning display of Orc stamina, the sun had nearly reached it's zenith when Arhak and Avok finally climaxed. Lexx had been rocked to seven more orgasms in the time before she noticed her two companions increase their pace. Arhak was first to go, unable to further resist the muscular tightness of Lexx's pussy he thrust one final time and fired a sticky load, coating her insides with Orc cum. The hot mess seeping out past her pussy lips was enough to send Lexx over the edge to her final orgasm. She shook and twitched until Arhak had finished cumming and withdrew his cock, letting his cum drip out and pool on the ground. Avok followed soon after, falling victim to the ministrations of Lexx's tongue. He grabbed a braid in each of his hands, pulled Lexx's face to his groin and roared out as he jizzed into her throat. Lexx swallowed over and over feeling his seed fill up her belly and slake her appetite which had been growing since breakfast. 

Avok and Arhak stepped back from their prize, leaving Lexx draped across their anvil. Thick, gooey cum dripped from her mouth and pussy, as she attempted to catch her breath. She pushed herself up, using the anvil as support and felt her knees shake beneath her. She giggled slightly to herself before speaking. 

"Hehe, three more days of that and I get a new axe? I feel like I may be getting the better end of this deal." 

"Ahem" 

The trio turned to see a small line had formed a few feet away made of several Orcs carrying dented or dulled weaponry. It seemed Arhak had business to take care of, so he pulled up his trousers and stepped over to greet his customers. Avok, however, did not seem concerned with business as he grabbed Lexx about the waist and uttered her to the hut he shared with his brother. 

"Come along now little warrior, the day is only half over." 

In the cooler shade of the hut Lexx's knees gave out and she landed on a bed of pine boughs much like her own. Avok rolled her onto her back and knelt between her legs. His cock had already grown hard again and he stroked it as he positioned it's head at Lexx's pussy, he then began to stroke the head up and down her entrance. Lexx groaned as her lips were slowly parted and she spread her legs to wrap them around Avok's waist. He entered her slowly and Lexx was able to enjoy the delectable stretching as she relaxed on the relative softness of the pine needles. Avok leaned down to whisper in her ear with a wicked grin. 

"My brother should be occupied for quite a while. You and I should be able to take our time." 

Lexx groaned as he began thrusting and stretched her arms over her head, arching her back in imitation of the moment she rose that morning. 

Four days later 

The Orc camp was close to being fully disassembled, the palisadevwas torn down, any resources that could be carried were packed in bundles and thrown over shoulders since the Orcs kept no beasts of burden. Every Orc packed their few belongings before knocking over their shelters and joining their brethren. One Orc in particular did all this with a more than severe wobble to her step. Lexx tied the straps of her bag to the haft of her new axe, before looking down. Sitting at her sandled feet was the hatchet she had carried from the beginning of the campaign. Even with her gleaming new weapon it seemed a shame to abandon the little blade. Feeling sentimental, Lexx picked it up and held it alongside her new, two-handed axe as she slung them both over her shoulder and fell in with the rest of her tribe. Together they all joined with the rest of the war party and followed the rising sun. Lexx noticed she wasn't the only Orc with a little wobble to their step or a satisfied smile on their face. No surprises there. After all, what better way was there to kill time in an Orc camp, than in bed with an Orc? 
