 All characters are over the age of nineteen.

--

"Suck my non-existent cock, arse-wipe," came Sophie's overly aggressive curse as she blew off another players head. Her own ear piece immediately filled with threats against her body and slews of "I fucked your mother up the arse and she loved it." It was simply another day in the world of Gear Strike, a first person shooter incredibly similar to the ancient game, Halo. Sophie's thick set of thighs sat straddled over the tree branch sized ones of her CB, her knees pressing into the soft material of her couch as her feet kicked up behind her; the tops of her arches resting against the top of Seven's thigh. Sophie's eyes were fixed firmly to the curved, clear screen in front of her, her hands clad in game-play gloves; the controllers of her generation.

A swift clicking filled the room as her right main fingers tapped against her thumbs, setting up combination after combination as she maneuvered her avatar through the world it had been placed in. With several taps of her middle and index finger against the pad of her thumb she had easily dispatched another Blue player, boosting her own Red team up several points. She gave a cheeky chuckle as she shifted, gloating in her victory over the microphone attached to her headphones as the crotch of her panties rubbed over the sturdy leg trapped between her own. 'Pants are an annoyance, as are bras.' She thought bemusedly to herself as her heavy bosom jiggled within the confines of her army green muscle shirt.

Sophie easily moved through the compound, several others of her team joining her as they systematically culled the other team. Orders streamed through her head set from the red team captain, Huggerbe and Sophie couldn't help but snigger as her team slowly rose in points. Then, the shit hit the fan. It took Sophie a second to see that they had been lead into a trap; her whole group had been lead straight into the blue teams killing ground. The weapons started firing and her teammates started falling as their opponents held the high ground, picking her companions off like sitting ducks as they fought back futilely. Sophie panicked as screams and curses flew through her ear piece, her eyes wide as she swore herself, her health slowly draining as she searched for a way out.

"Shit shit shit!" She whimpered, her eyes wide and frantic. 'So much for a quick and easy Capture the Flag game, Huggerbe!' Sophie hissed mentally, having been led to believe by their captain that the team they were up against were far below their league. Seven's hands wrapped around her bountiful hips as he sat up straight, wondering what had his owner so rattled that her vitals would spike so terribly. And then, through all the swearing and smack talk she heard it.

"Rider, over here!" Came the bark of her captain as he called out to her.

She quickly moved her avatar, sloshing through the virtual mud as her companions continued to fall. She came across her captain slamming the butt of his weapon into the grate of a shaft over and over again and she quickly joined him. With a quick one, two the grate imploded, rattling off into the pipe as she and Huggerbe threw themselves out of the fray of the massacre. It was several minutes later that they found themselves huddled into a small section of water pipe as they sat quietly, waiting for the panic to wear off as they planned their next move. Sophie gave a resigned sigh as she flicked through her online players list, only she and Huggerbe were left from their team.

"We're fucked." Came her agitated voice as she growled, blaming the whole situation on her captain. "You fucked us over. They were supposed to be easy! New players that wouldn't know the terrain as well! You said your friends beat these guys zero to twenty seven!" She barked out across her microphone at Huggerbe.

"And now because of you, the last two months have gone to waste! We were finally going to get the Flag Champion Achievement." She grumbled, not pleased at all. Sophie knew as soon as they both died, they'd have to start the last two grueling months over again.

"We can still win this." Huggerbe muttered softly, still wary of being too loud, even though his horribly expensive location and sound jammer was in effect. Why he'd bothered to waste the prize from his championship game on this campaign she didn't know.

"Oh yeah? And how are you going to manage that, huh? Magically manage to defeat seven other players all by yourself? You're good, Huggerbe, damn good, but even you aint that good." She growled over the communicator, not even the soft fluttering of Seven's lips over her shoulder calming the raging fire broiling just below her skin. The taunts and jeers of the other team did little to ease her anger, either. Just because Huggerbe's jammer hid their location on any virtual map and blocked their voice from the other team, didn't mean they couldn't still hear the other team. Sophie was getting quite sick of the constant lewd comments about her mother.

"You think they'd get some originality." She grumbled as she slumped, finally coming to accept that they were destined to lose this fight, to lose this achievement.

"They're a bunch of teenagers jumped up on hormones, what do you expect, Shakespeare?" They both gave a depressed chortle. Sophie gave a deep sigh, her eyelids dropping as she shifted positions slightly. She gave a grunt as her clit ground down against Seven's thigh, her own pair squeezing around the thick leg. It was that very moment Sophie's eyes lit up as a brainstorm thundered through her head.

"Bingo!" She yipped; hope colouring her voice as she came up with a delectably devious idea. 'The team better love me after this. If any of those cunts say I never do anything I'll fucking shoot them myself. I better be a god damned hero after this shit.'

"What is it, Rider?" Came the curious if not stressed voice of her captain as Sophie watched his avatar gaze around the area, seeing if they had been discovered yet.

"Huggerbe, you're gay, right?" Sophie piped up, no loathing or any negative emotion fogging her voice. The subject of their captain's homosexuality was not something that was brought up often, if at all. In a game full of sexist, racist, homophobic teenage boys, being an open gay man was as good as a death warrant; the fact that Huggerbe was one of the best players made it even worse.

"Yes." It was simple, to the point, mistrust lacing every inch of it.

"Good, because I do not need you getting distracted." Sophie huffed, nervousness spiking in her belly at the thought of what she was going to do next. Her fingers wrapped around the bottom of her shirt as she easily tugged it up and over her head, tossing it off. Reaching down she quickly moved Seven's hands, placing each of the massive palms squarely over her large, heaving E cup bosoms. Not even Seven's hands could hold all of them, her creamy flesh spilling over his groping hands.

"Rider, what are you doing?" Came the almost panicked voice of her captain.

"Look, right, the guys we're playing against are just that, guys. And on top of that, they're teenage guys. Now, when you were a young teen, what did you think about? Sex, am I right? Now, I just bet most of these guys, if not all of them, are raging virgins that haven't even seen real titty before. The best they've probably had is yanking it to porn and coming in about five seconds. So, all I have to do is make all their blood rush to their second head and they'll be as useless as chickens with their heads cut off." Sophie blandly explained as she once more wound her hips in a gyrating circle, mashing her clit against the jean clad thigh of her robotic lover, the cotton of her own panties causing delicious friction against her hidden pearl. The soft palming of her teats helped as well.

"How are you going to do that?" Huggerbe inquired, sounding more jovial as the likelihood of this plan working actually seemed feasible.

"I'm going to have my CB fuck my brains out and I'll make the raunchiest noises you have ever heard. " Sophie cooed, rolling her head to the side to expose more of her neck as Seven trailed paths of fire along her sensitive flesh with his lips.

"You...you are a fucking genius, Rider. If this crazy, fucked up plan of yours works you are going to be a legend. No team has ever won with only two players left." He whispered excited.

"Yeah, uh huh." Sophie was barely able to pay attention to what her captain was saying. Half way through his sentence Seven had slipped his hand down in her panties, his thick index finger stroking over her swollen clit as she continued to rock herself against him. "Listen, in about a couple of seconds I want you to switch off the sound jammer so these little dickheads can hear me start making some noise. You go around and blow their heads off and grab the flag while they're too busy with their dicks in their hands." She panted roughly over the microphone as her eyes squeezed shut.

Sophie was genuinely not a girl that made noise at all, she was a quiet lover. Of course she had the ability to make noise, sometimes she felt the need to make noise, but she often didn't see the point of it. That, and she'd rather not have the neighbours complain. So being put in a situation where she was required to make noise so that other people could hear it was a rather embarrassing notion. The things she did for achievements.

"It's off." Came the voice of her captain, just before she saw his avatar give her a quick nod before disappearing down a water pipe. With a deep breath, Sophie prepared to give the performance of her young life. The aching cry came easier than she expected it to, as at the very moment she had opened her throat, Seven had pressed his index finger deeply into her eager snatch. Sophie didn't even realize that the constant screaming of curse words in her ears had died within a second. Her cunt was instantly damp, but not of her own working. The slickness she felt was artificial, Seven had obviously excreted lubricant from his fingers to prepare her, since it was too soon for her to be so wet.

As Seven's finger sat firmly within her warm, velvet pussy, the heel of his palm ground down into her clit. Sophie gave another heady moan as she rolled her hips, her cunt sucking around the jammed finger like it would a cock as she verily fucked it. The hand still cupping her breast enclosed around the nipples, Seven's fingers plucking and twisting it sharply as he dragged more keening noises out of his human. Sophie was deaf to the new onslaught of sounds in her ear, ranging from intense shouting that she was faking it to a panicked, whimpering teen saying that his mother wouldn't approve of this.

"Move your hips.," oozed the thick as honey voice of her CB as she cast a quick look over her shoulder at him, not quite sure what he wanted from her. His hand dropped from her breast to cross the front of her abdomen, his hand grasping onto her opposite hip as he all but pulled her up off of his finger before letting her fall down. "Up and down." Sophie could only follow orders. Unused and inexperienced in the way she was supposed to move her body, it took Sophie a few jerky thrusts and some help from Seven until she got the best result.

A once experienced horse rider, Sophie took to the reverse cowgirl position like a duck to water. 'Just wait until I get to ride a stallion.' She moaned to herself, her eyelids fluttering like a flock of flustered butterflies. Her fingers bit into her lover's thigh as she leant forwards, gaining some extra leverage as she thrust her hips back and forth. Seven's face pressed into the back of her hair, his breath huffing into her locks as he used his grip on her body to grind her down onto his finger, the heel of his palm still mashing into her clit.

With every downwards roll of her hips a soft 'hah' escaped through her lips, brushing over the microphone and working its way into the ear of those listening as she let her pleasure be known. With the constant pressure of Seven's thick finger curling and pressing against her sensitive walls and the prevailing pounding of the palm of his hand bashing and rubbing over her clit, it wasn't long until Sophie felt the beginnings of her climax well up in her gut. But Sophie would have none of that. Quickly pulling herself off of her lover, she took to the floor in front of him; her hands shimmying her panties down her plump, silken thighs as she cast a glance to her suitably aroused looking CB.

"Undo your pants, I'm going to ride you like a pony boy," she growled, her features flushed as her eyes caught on the thick bulge straining against Seven's jeans. She gave her own breasts a quick grope, the playing gloves material harsh against her delicate flesh. She rubbed the gloves down her supple and giving body with a provocative moan as she watched her CB pop open the metal tack buttons holding back his substantial length. As he took his thick girth in hand Sophie presented him with her arse as she turned, her legs standing between his. She felt Seven's spare arm once more wrap around her lower abdomen, steering her down as she began to lower herself.

She gave a teased moan as he stopped her descent just as the head of his cock brushed against her flushed labia. The position she was held in, half standing half sitting, left her with no control as Seven's overwhelming strength suspended her there. He taunted her thick cunt lips with the head of his shaft, the artificial glands rubbing over her slickened pussy lips. Of course, to Seven this was more than just sexual stimulation, using the sensors in the glands he could easily pick up the temperature, the blood flow and sexual fluids of Sophie's tight little wanting snatch; all to determine if she was prepared enough for coitus.

And she was.

His grip relaxed on her lower abdomen, letting Sophie's supple body slip from his hold as she slammed down over his cock. His shaft burst and breeched through her unprepared pussy muscles, causing her to give a shriek as her hands grappled at his legs; her nails scraping over the coarse blue jean material as he filled her so completely, so quickly.

"Ah, fuck, Seven!" she cried as her lids slammed shut, tears budding at the corner of her eyes. The ache of his throbbing cock buried so deeply into her snatch was as exquisite as an electric current. The pleasure was thrilling enough to have her nipples perking instantly and the pain did little to cool the smouldering lust pooling in her gut like magma. As her face contorted in agonized ecstasy, Seven easily removed his white muscle shirt before he tucked her body back against his.

"I want to feel the heat of your naked flesh against mine," his silken and full lips caressed over her ear as he leant down to whisper his words of lust. If Sophie's pussy had not been slobbering all over his cock before with her excited juices, it certainly was now. With another keen from his human lover, Seven wrapped his hands on the underside of her thighs, spreading her legs so far apart that Sophie's knees were sitting on top of his own. The position left Sophie's pink and perfectly stuffed pussy open to the room. One of Seven's hands slipping down over her chubby belly to strum a finger across her lonely clit as Sophie keened once more, her cunt clenching sweetly around his imposing length.

'This wasn't what I had planned but I cannot bring myself to care,' was Sophie's fleeting thought, originally Sophie had wanted to straddle Seven and ride herself to orgasm; but it seemed Seven had other ideas. He was becoming increasingly dominant in their sexual relationship; Sophie could remember that at the beginning, that Seven would always ask before doing something, now he simply did what he wanted. Sophie simply put it down to Seven's AI, he knew she would like it and agree with it, so he did it.

Her thighs tensed and her arse rocked as Seven's other arm slipped back into its original position wrapped around her waist, pulling her up over his shaft before dropping her back down. A cry tore from her throat as the head of his cock grazed through her velveteen haven, the feeling of being so utterly stuffed sending Sophie's head reeling. Her scraping fingers dug grooves against Seven's bulky thighs as she sought something to hold onto, some means to keep her spirit firmly locked in reality, as with each bump of Seven's erection against the bundles of nerves hidden within her passage, had Sophie howling out in sheer pleasure.

"Kiss me." Came the grunt from behind her as Seven dragged his teeth along the curve of her ear before pressing his lips hotly to the patch of skin below it. She turned her head in an instant, her arms coming up to loop behind Seven's head as Sophie's fingers burrowed into his navy locks. The soft, cool silken feel of his hair bunched in between her fingers did little to distract her from the feel of his generous, luxuriant mouth melding to her smaller one. Their lips parted as one as their tongues met in a whirl of saliva and flesh, the sounds of their graphic kiss no doubt floating down the microphone into the searing ears of those listening.

She broke away from the kiss with a throat searing cry, Seven's cock bruising in its demands for more of her pussy. Sophie gave little thought to the players listening in from the other side, not caring that the sounds she made were inspiring torrid images. She gave a rough pant as her body was all but tossed to the side, her sweaty flesh connecting with the couch in a heap of withering ecstasy; her glistening, throbbing, yet empty pussy peeking out from between her flushed thighs. Seven towered over her in an instant, his massive hand wrapping around her delicate ankle and yanking it upwards as he positioned himself. His right knee dug into the couch as his left foot pushed against the ground in front of the couch, surging his hips forwards as he fully seated himself back inside of his master.

"Ah, Fuck, Seven, that's it, fuck me just like that! My cunt loves your cock! It makes me feel so good, Seven, I love it when you fuck my pussy nice and hard! Nnn! Oh, that's it, rub my clit! Fuck, going to cum so hard!" Sophie all but yelled into the microphone as Seven set forth to pound his cock into her, the gratuitous, wet slapping of their nethers resounding through the room. Her pussy hungrily suckled at his thrusting cock, trying to keep the thick length buried in her heated and moist cavern as she felt herself coming closer and closer to her climax. Her cardinal flushed features gazed up at her imposing, determined lover as he sought to drag more noises out of her, her blond tipped lashes fluttering helplessly over her foggy, lust coloured blue eyes.

Her red stained bouncing bosom would have been enough to drive any man to distraction as they swayed and jiggled erratically, each thrust of Seven's hips sent a jolt of power through her entire body. She could do little but lay there and take it, her hips winding in whatever direction she could manage as her clamouring cunt muscles sought to milk Seven's cock dry of all of his artificial cum. With a particular inwards thrust, Seven ground his crotch into hers, his cock grinding into her passage as a swift spank cracked against her arse cheek. The swift slice of pain and the aching fullness Seven provided sent Sophie careening over the edge and into bliss as her throat opened up, her vocal chords eagerly singing the name of her lover for all to hear as she came, all but screaming.

Seven refused to stop his pounding hips as he forced his cocks through her clenching walls, her thighs twitching as her face contorted in blissful agony. He dragged her orgasm on mercilessly until she could barely stand it, her head tilting up as she watched his glistening cock take her pussy over and over again. Her fingers dug into the couch as her throat became raw from the lewd noises she sung. The leg that had been suspended up in the air was torn from Seven's grip as Sophie took control, the heel of her foot slamming into his sturdy shoulder as the pleasure became so intense she had to make it stop. With Seven's uneven footing he tumbled sideways, his body slamming down into the wooden coffee table; crushing the sturdy piece of furniture in an instant. Yet Sophie did not care.
