 "Fuck me," Betty demanded. "You know I can't sleep without a proper orgasm, so get your lazy ass over here and fuck me now!"

Elaine bowed her head and went directly to the cupboard where the strap-on dildo was kept.

"And when you're done with her," Susan said from across the huge bedroom the two sisters shared, "you can do the same for me. And then I suggest you see if Mother wants anything, and I'm sure she will."

Elaine placed the velvet sack the strap-on was tenderly stored in gently on a side table and mechanically took her clothes off. For her there was nothing sexual about what she was being ordered to do. It was just another chore to her. Fortunately, it wasn't a nightly routine but a frequent one, and not even the worst of the treatment she received from her inherited family.

Life had not always been so cruel to her. Once she lived in the same great house happily with her mother and father. Then, when she was twelve, her mother passed away. The next year her father remarried, choosing a widow with two daughters of her own, and they all came to live together as a family.

But Elaine's stepmother and stepsisters were mean to her, and she tired of complaining to her father because he loved this woman so much that he couldn't see what was happening to his own daughter.

And then he died as well, shortly after her eighteenth birthday, and poor Elaine's life turned upside down almost overnight.

Besides being suddenly presented with responsability for her step-family's sexual gratification, she was given all the chores about the house, because her stepmother said her own daughters were too well-bred for menial things. Elaine wound up doing all the cooking and the sewing, and all the laundry and cleaning as well. Her last chore of every night was cleaning the fireplace in the great room downstairs after the rest had gone to bed. She was often so tired by then that as soon as she was finished she curled up on the still-warm hearth and slept there, still covered in ashes and cinder. 

Long ago her father had taken to calling her Ella, short for Elaine, and now her cruel step-family crowned her Cinderella because of how they usually found her in the morning, still covered in soot from the previous night's labors.

Naked, Elaine attached the dildo to her hips and walked to Betty's bed, where Betty waited with her nightgown bundled up at her neck and with her legs obscenely spread. A wild patch of dark matted hair surrounded her sex, and as Elaine approached her Betty lathered on a glob of lard stolen from the kitchen as a lubricant.

"You look completely like a man, now," Betty told Elaine as she climbed upon the bed. "That cock goes well with your chest." And she and her sister across the room laughed nastily at Elaine's expense.

Elaine, like her mother, had a very small chest. If not for her prominent nipples and her angelic face she could have passed for a boy easily. But she was thin and shapely in her hips, and had long fine yellow hair and just a hint of gold down above her sex and was unmistakably the loveliest of the three girls. Her two step sisters had sagging, pendulous breasts, and bellies to go with them, and Elaine often told herself that if that was what the state of femininity had become then she was better off looking the way she did.

"Just do it and get it over with," Betty ordered Elaine as she knelt between Betty's legs. "So I can get some sleep and don't have to look at you any longer."

Elaine slid the dildo inside her step sister and immediately pumped her hips while Betty lay back like a dead fish and bit her lower lip, her eyes clamped shut and her face scrunched up as if she were in great pain. Elaine fucked her as fast as she could and when done with her went to the bed across the room and fucked Susan as well. 

"Now, go service our mother," they told her as she left.

Elaine grabbed her clothes where she had dropped them and walked to her step mother's bedroom naked and still wearing the dildo. She was exhausted and didn't think her legs would carry her that far, but they did, and when she walked into her stepmother's room there the elder woman stood, naked, admiring herself in the mirror.

Elaine didn't think skin could wrinkle so much and not just fall apart. The old woman looked like a candle that had begun to melt.

"Take that damned thing off," she commanded as soon as Elaine came in the room. "You think I want that inside me after it's been cave-swelling in my daughters?"

Elaine took the dildo off and thought for a while she would be spared having to pleasure her stepmother, but the older woman climbed on her bed and told Elaine to eat her.

"You already look like a boy," the woman told her, "you might as well fuck like one."

When Elaine was done licking her step-mother into a gloriously loud climax, she put her clothes on and walked slowly outside to the well by the garden where she drew a large cup of fresh water to rinse the taste of her step mother's aged cunt from her mouth. Tears coursed down her face as she washed the grease and stink off the dildo, and she stared at the sparkling stars, wondering if heaven was really up there and if so, could her father see what had become of her? How could he have left her like this? 

Crying, she went back inside to sleep among the cinders again.

She didn't see a star in the middle of the night sky brighten as she wept, and how it lowered quickly and vanished down the well as she went into the house.

******

A few days later, a notice was delivered to the house by a royal messenger. It announced the coming of a royal ball to be held at the palace, and that all the unmarried maidens of the kingdom were invited. It was time for Prince Stephan to choose a bride, and whoever he chose would some day be queen of all the lands.

Betty, Susan, and their mother were so very excited by the news. They immediately sent Cinderella to town to buy cloth and thread and set her the task of making beautiful gowns for the two girls. Her stepmother would stop at nothing to marry one of her daughters to the prince.

"What about me?" Elaine asked. "The invitation is to all the unmarried maidens."

Her query was met with the harshest of derisive laughter. 

"Even if you went," her step mother told her when she could speak again, "covered in cinders and ashes, one look at that boyish chest of yours and he might want to adopt you as a son some day but would hardly want you for a bride!"

And so Elaine spent the next few days making beautiful gowns for her two stepsisters, along with all her other chores as well. When the night of the ball came she was just as glad she wasn't going because she was far too exhausted for anything beyond sleep.

The carriage taking her stepmother and two stepsisters rolled away toward the castle, which sat high on a hill and was lit up for the gala like a spring sunrise. Elaine stood by the garden well and watched the carriage shrink in the distance, and she sighed and said, "Oh, how I wish I were going, too! Just this once, how I wish I could be included in something better than the life I now live."

A light began to glow inside the well, and Elaine stepped back in astonishment as what looked like a star fallen from heaven rose out of the well, shimmered, and became a beautiful old woman in a shiny gown, holding a golden wand.

"Who are you?" Elaine asked.

"I am your fairy godmother," the woman told her with a kind smile. "Your father sent me to watch over you, and I have suffered every day with you, waiting for you to ask for help. You never did. You came close a few days ago when you were crying here by the well, and that allowed me to get this far. But now that you have asked for something specific I am here to grant your wish."

Elaine looked down at her tattered, cinder-covered clothes. "I want so badly to go to the ball, but I can't go looking like this, and there's no material left to make anything for me."

The fairy godmother waved her wand, and in an instant Elaine was clothed in the finest, softest gown she had ever seen.

But something felt odd underneath, and she reached inside her bosom and found she was wearing a brassiere of the softest silk. She laughed.

"What amuses you, child?" her fairy godmother asked.

"I have never worn one of these," Elaine said, still giggling. "I was always too small to need one."

"Well," said the godmother, "all young ladies of class wear them, whether they need them or not. It's all for decoration anyway, you see."

Clearly, Elaine did not see.

"Decoration for what?"

"Never mind that now," the fairy godmother said. "If you like I can give you breasts to fill it out, just as big as your stepsisters'."

Elaine shook her head. Her hair was piled up atop it like a glorious golden turban. "I don't want anything that isn't already mine," she said. "People will have to like me the way I am."

The fairy godmother smiled. "And, so they shall," she said.

"But they won't have the chance if I don't get there soon," Elaine said, staring at the castle so far away. "Even if I run I wouldn't make it there in time."

The fairy godmother was aghast. "Run? A marvelous lady like yourself? Nonsense! You shall arrive in all the splendor due your loveliness."

She waved her wand over the garden, and a huge gourd rose up and expanded and became a great coach. Grape vines twisted and wove themselves into delicate wheels, and half a dozen mice became great horses stomping impatiently to be off. A rabbit became a footman, and he held the coach door open for Elaine and welcomed her inside.

"Now, go," her fairy godmother told her, "and have the time of your life. But, you must be back by midnight, when all my magic turns back the way it was."

With those words ringing in her ears, Elaine rode off to the castle.

******

Elaine had never seen such splendor in her life. Torches lit up the great hall like daylight. An orchestra played from a balcony and below, surrounded by table after table of the most delicious-looking food she'd ever imagined, a thousand maidens danced before the dais upon which sat the king, queen, and their son, Prince Stephan. Elaine held her breath and walked into their midst, knowing this was probably the one and only chance to enjoy herself she would have before returning to her life of drudgery. 

She danced as if weightless, twirling and dipping, an in no time all eyes fell on her, for she was by far the most graceful and beautiful maiden there. After a while many other girls stopped trying to impress the prince because they knew they could not compete. Among them were Elaine's evil stepsisters.

Betty and Susan went to their mother and they cried like babies. Their mother studied the young woman who had stolen everyone's attention, and a glimmer of recognition came to her. She grinned.

"Worry not," she told her two sobbing children. "This is far from over."

Stephan came down from the dais to dance with Elaine, and as he did everyone still on the floor backed away and bowed. He swept Elaine up in his arms and the two moved across the floor as if one person.

"What is your name?" he asked her.

She almost told him it was Cinderella.

"Elaine," she said.

"Elaine," the prince repeated. "How lovely. Is there a last name to go with it?"

She smiled demurely. "Just Elaine, for now," she said."

The prince smiled. "Will you accompany me for a while, Just Elaine?"

She could not refuse a prince, and so she let him lead her off, out of the hall, into the bowels of the huge castle. 

Behind them, the ball continued, but with far less enthusiasm. Everyone knew the prince had made his choice. Betty and Susan wailed anew and their mother threatened to beat them if they didn't stop, reassuring them again that not all was lost.

The prince took Elaine down massive halls and through incredible rooms, until she was quite lost. They stopped in a huge room with a great round bed raised up on a platform, surrounded by drapes and statues of former royalty.

"This is my room," Prince Stephan told her. "I would like to make it your room also."

Elaine couldn't believe what she was hearing, and when the prince swept her in his arms and kissed her she melted.

His lips were like fire. His hot tongue pried her mouth open and entered her, tasting like wine. His hands followed the shape of her sides, rising from her hips to her chest, where his thumbs brushed over her hardening nipples.

They went to the bed and he undressed her, marveling at every inch of her body as they became exposed. She was afraid when the silk bra came off that he would laugh at her tiny breasts, but he seemed fascinated by them and spent minutes just kissing and sucking on them, making her nipples as big and hard as baby's thumbs.

When she was naked he laid her down on his bed and took his own clothes off. He had a fine muscular body and his cock stood out proud and firm before him. He lay down with her and they embraced and kissed, and then Stephan rolled over on top of her.

Elaine's legs spread for him, quite independent of her control, and her knees came up to funnel him right to where she wanted him. Her pussy was soaking wet in anticipation and he entered her easily. Her maidenhead broke, causing her a brief moment of sharp pain, and then all she felt was the joy of having him inside her.

Her legs wrapped around his back, her small feet resting just above his ass as he pumped in and out of her. He rose up on stiff arms and stared at her face, and she watched his expression change from love to lust and then back to love again as his orgasm neared.

She felt heat in her belly and her spine stiffened. In the past she'd made herself cum a number of times, rubbing her clit after servicing her stepsisters and stepmother on those odd occasions when her own nakedness aroused her, but she had never before felt the exquisite joy of having something hard and hot stuffed inside her cunt. She clamped down on him as he began to spasm, and while wave after wave of pleasure swept over her spurt after spurt of hot cum filled her virginal womb.

A clock began to strike. Elaine counted the chimes.

It was midnight!

She jumped up from the bed and grabbed her clothes, dressing as fast as she could while the Prince sat in bed asking her what the problem was. Even as she ran from his room, with a brief swirl of his cum and her blood dribbling down her legs, her clothes began to change back to her sooty rags, and each time she turned another corner in the labyrinthine halls another garment rotted before her eyes. By the time she reached the outside again she was as filthy and disheveled as she'd ever been, and she found no carriage waiting for her but merely a ruined gourd and six very confused mice, with a rabbit sleeping nearby.

She ran home.

In his room, the prince left the bed, unable to understand what had happened. As he stood there staring at the door he noticed something laying on the floor.

It was her bra.

Having never worn one before she had forgotten it when she dressed, and Stephan held it, searching for some of her warmth, and brought it to his face and inhaled her scent.

He knew what he must do.

******

Days had passed since the night of the ball, and life for Elaine had gotten worse, if that was even possible.

Her two step-sisters cried all day, and when they got tired of crying they threw things at Elaine and abused her fiercely. Her stepmother ignored her, which in the long run was all for the best, in some ways. And then, the third day after the ball, she called Elaine to her room.

"We haven't been very nice to you, have we?" she asked, still in that same cold, diffident tone she used when ordering her about.

Elaine knew enough not to answer.

"Well, I'm going to give you a break," the stepmother said. "Go to the attic and there you will find a hope chest that I believe was your mother's. There is a surprise waiting for you inside."

Elaine raced to the stairs and into the attic, her heart racing at the thought of what might be up there. But when she entered the dusty, hot attic she found no hope chest. There was nothing but cobwebs and dirt.

She turned back towards the door to the stairs, and there stood her step-mother, grinning viciously.

"How dare you? Stealing material from my daughters to make yourself a gown! Sneaking off to the ball when you had work to do! Passing yourself off as a lady when you're nothing but a trollop! This is your surprise! I hope you like it!"

With that, she slammed the door and locked it.

Elaine was trapped. But why then? Why hadn't this happened days before?

Word had gone out that an emissary from the palace was coming about searching for the girl who had so entranced the prince. Elaine's stepmother wanted her nowhere near when he came to their door, hoping that when the search proved fruitless the prince would have to make another choice, and then her two darlings would have another shot at becoming queen. The emissary was in their neighborhood that very day, and now Elaine would be unavailable when he came, and her stepmother's plan to marry one of her daughters to the prince could still work.

A coach pulled up before their door and a finely dressed but very tired looking gentleman carrying a velvet bag got out and knocked. The mother opened the door for him and welcomed him inside, offering him tea and scones or whatever else he might want in the way of refreshment.

The gentleman waved her offers away. "I'll be refreshed when I'm done," he told her. "This is the last house in the kingdom, thank God."

He had been all over the realm looking for the girl and so far found far more hopeful but unsatisfactory women than he ever thought possible.

"We might as well get this over with," he said breathlessly. "Get all the unmarried maidens in the household here immediately."

The mother called Betty and Susan down, and the two came running, almost tripping over each other in their haste.

Upstairs, Elaine heard what was going on but try as she may she could not get the door opened. In frustration she began to cry.

"Where is my fairy godmother now?" she moaned softly.

Downstairs, the two giggling girls stood before the gentleman, who shook his head and then reached in the bag and drew out the silk bra left behind the night of the ball.

"She who fits this garment," he announced in a bored drawl because he'd repeated it so many times in the past few days, "shall marry Prince Stephan."

Both of the girls claimed it was theirs. The gentleman looked at their chests and sighed. He could tell already they were way too big for it, but he had an obligation to be sure.

"Okay," he said. "Let's see 'em."

Betty and Susan couldn't take their blouses off fast enough. Stripped to the waist, they took turns letting him try to squeeze their baggy breasts into that tiny bra, but of course neither could fit. Susan, in frustration and desperation, grabbed the straps from him and tried to close the fastener herself but he slapped her hands away because he feared she might rip the petite bra altogether.

Upstairs, Elaine leaned against the door, sobbing softly, and then she heard the lock open. From the other side of the door the fairy godmother said, "I never left you, my dear. But I had to wait for you to ask. Go, and meet your destiny!"

Elaine ripped the door open and ran down the stairs, arriving in the front hall just as the gentleman was preparing to leave. Her stepsisters stood disgruntled by their mother, putting their blouses back on and crying piteously.

"Wait!" Elaine cried. "What about me?"

The man stopped in his tracks and turned, his face drawn down in exhaustion and boredom. He'd seen more ugly tits in the past few days than a three-eyed dairy farmer would see in a year. He never would have guessed he'd ever get tired of having young ladies take their shirts off for him, but here he was, destroyed that he'd have to look at yet another naked chest. 
