 (this is my first story so I hope you enjoy it)

This is my story of how I met my husband. We only knew each other for about two weeks but we knew that we were meant to be the moment we laid eyes on one another. I was born into a poor family and when my father died my mother remarried. She married the King of our nation and I was expected to be the little girl that no one ever saw. I was a tomboy growing up learning how to wield a sword when my father was home from fighting in the war. I was a fast learner and by 16 was an expert. He was proud of me and I loved him dearly. When he died in tore my heart apart. I knew my mother was lonely so I didn't object to her marrying again. I didn't know that my new family would be horrible. 

Two years after my fathers death the prince of the next city was going to be visiting with his parents. I didn't think anything of it. I was my own person and a prince coming wasn't going to change that. Jessie my stepsister was furious with me on the day he was to arrive. 

"Where are you going?" She asked me

"To practice what do you think." I replied

"The prince is coming and you have to look presentable." She said 

"If I didn't change for you and your family what makes you think I'm going to change now?" I asked walking out of my room. I had my fathers sword around my waist and like always I was wearing pants and a simple shirt. I had grown out since moving here. I was 5'6 and 130 lbs I had tan skin and long red hair that fell past my shoulders I had an average 32 C breast. I didn't think I was beautiful but Zack (my stepbrother) told me that most of the men in the castle wanted me. I never paid any attention to them I just did my own thing. When I got to the practice grounds I saw Zack there with someone I didn't know. 

"Jen this is Prince Nichols." Zack said looking at me and sighing at my wardrobe

"Call me Nick please." He said taking my hand and kissing it.

"Nice to meet you prince." I said blushing he was great looking he had to be only an inch or two shorter then Zack at 6'0. He was muscular in the right places and had short brown hair. His blue eyes shined in the sun as he smiled at me.

"You are different aren't you?" Nick asked smiling

"Yea I'm the weird one. Now if you'll excuse me I'm going to get some practice in." I said bowing and going to where the monsters were held

He looked at me surprised as I walked off to get my usual target practice. I decided to take on a bigger monster then usual. It was a baramouth. A huge purple creature with tusk that can tare through about 30 of me. I didn't let is scare me as it came out of it's care. I drew my sword and prepared for it's attack. It came at me faster then I thought I barely jumped out of the way. I pulled my sword over my head and slammed it into the monsters back and I came down. It yelped and started to try and get me off. knowing that it was going to take a lot for me to bring this monster down I pulled my sword out of its back and jumped down. I ran from it trying to get it to chase me. I smiled as it did he was falling for my trap I bent down while running at took out three daggers from my boots. Throwing one into the beast eyes I jumped on a stump that was near. I threw another this one landing in the monsters throat. Smiling I made my move I ran up to it and slashed it over and over again. Then throwing the last of my daggers into it's other eye I took my sword and ran in through the beast throat killing it instantly. Blood gushing out over me. I heard applause as I turned and saw Zack and Nick standing there.

"I told you she was good." Zack said 

"She is I have never see a girl fight so well." Nick said walking up to me and handing me a towel

"Thanks I didn't know you were there if I did I would have put on a better show." I said smiling

Nick and talked for awhile and he told me that he was going to be staying here for a few weeks and wanted to get to know me better. I blushed and said I'd like that. For two weeks we went together everywhere. He became my sparing partner and I felt as if I was falling for him. When my parents announced a ball I wanted to go with. 

"Do you want to go with me to the ball?" He asked when we were walking into the building.

"I'd love to." I said smiling 

"Great I'll see you then. You know I like you the way you are but I cant wait to see you in a dress." He said smiling 

I thought that was funny and walked away laughing. Then my mind started to race I didn't have a dress. I despised the things and never owned one. Great now I'll have to go ask Jessie for one. I went to my room and there was a box on my bed. I walked over to it and opened it there was a beautiful gown inside and a card. I opened the card and it read "I saw this and knew you'd look beautiful in this cant wait to see you in it princess. Love Nick" I smiled and went to get ready. 

"Who are you escorting to the ball Nick?" Zack asked

"Jen." Nick answered

"Oh no I'm sorry you cant." 

"Why not?" 

"I will be escorting her you should take Jessie she's eager to know you."

"I'm sure she is but I'm taking Jen and that's all there is to it." Nick said frowning 

"Just don't do anything stupid." Zack said walking away

I sat in my room dressed and waiting for the maid to finish my hair. I could not wait to see Nick again. When she was done I looked at myself in the mirror I didn't think I was beautiful but I can clean up pretty good. My hair was in a bun with two strands of hair over my eyes. I thought I looked good and went down to the ball room. 

"She's not even of royal blood." Jessie complained 

"He can take anyone he wants sweetheart." Her father said smiling at me

There was a tap on my shoulder and I turned to see who it was. It was Nick standing there smiling.

"Hell there princess." He said 

"I'm far from a princess Nick." I said 

"That doesn't matter tonight you are my princess." 

"thank you. you have a way of making me smile." 

"Isn't that a good thing?" He asked confused 

"Yes of course it is. I just haven't smiled a lot since my father died." I explained

"I'm sorry I hope that tonight will be a good one for you."

We walked into the ball room and he took me to meet his parents. They were kind and made me feel welcome. We spent the whole night together dancing and laughing. He talked about his childhood and how he wondered why he of all people became prince. He was also a really good listener. I told him the stories of my father and he asked questions like a small child. He was absolutely gorgeous and I was falling for him. It had only been two weeks but I felt like I knew him better then I had ever known anyone. Not only that but he is the only person besides my father that I ever confided in. It was getting late and everyone was leaving.

"Can I walk you to your room?" He asked 

"I'd like that." I laughed 

"I didn't mean anything by it."

"I know it was just funny." I said as he took my hand and we left the ball room. We walked back to my room hand in hand. He was so kind and I was getting wet just thinking about him. We got to my room and stood outside the door for awhile. He was looking at me and I could feel myself blushing. 

"Umm you have to let go of my hand now." I said sadly

"Oh yea sorry. Hope you had a good evening." He said letting go of my hand

"I had a wonderful night. Just wish it didn't have to end." I said 

"It doesn't have to." 

I looked up at him and he put his hand on my chin. He bent down and put his lips to mine. I was surprised at how badly I wanted this. I put my arms around his neck and opened my mouth slightly to let his tongue in. we kissed passionately for quite some time. Finally we were both panting and we came up for air.

"Do you mind?" Someone said from behind us. We tuned to see Zack standing there with his arms crossed

"Where did you come from?" I asked letting go of Nick

"I was looking for Nick his parents summoned him." Zack said frowning 

"Very well looks like I will have to leave you." Nick said touching my chin

I looked up at him disappointed. I did not want him to go but knew he had to.

"Alright thank you for the wonderful evening." I said 

"It was my pleasure. Good night princess." Nick said bending down and kissing me again before he left. I watched him go with sorrow. He made me feel happy and I didnt not want him to leave me so soon. Zack stood there looking at mu until I got back to being myself. 

"I suppose you had a good night?" He asked 

"I had a great night." I answered 

"You didn't even dance with me."

"Was I suppose to?'

"One dance wouldn't have killed you."

"I was with Nick." 

"Does that mean you cannot dance with me?"

"No I guess it doesn't."

"As long as you had a good night who cares if I was miserable waiting for you." Zack said frowning

"My night would have been a lot better if you didn't send Nick away." I said walking into my room and closing the door behind me. 

Zack was fuming at my words. He pounded on my door telling me to open it. I slipped out of my dress ignoring him. I walked over to my mirror in nothing but my panties and bra. I took my hair down and watched it fall to my shoulders. I went into the bathroom and put my robe on when I heard the door break open. I ran out of the washroom and looked at Zack his hand bleeding from punching the door. 

"Oh my god sit down so I can wrap your hand up." I said running to get a towel

"Why him?" He asked standing there

"What? Don't play stupid sit down." I said worried he was bleeding a lot and needed treatment

He finally sat down on my bed and looked at me. I could see the anger in his face but I didn't know why. I grabbed his hand and put the towel over the wound. He was staring at me not blinking and I realized that my robe was open. I quickly closed it and he got out of the little world he was in.

"I asked you a question." He said 

"And I didn't answer." I said standing up

"Why him? You know how I feel." Zack said standing up. He towered over me at 6'2 I had always known he had feelings for me but never thought anything of it. 

"You know I don't like you that way BIG BROTHER." I said 

"Don't you big brother me. You know damn well I am not your brother." He said walking towards me

"Even so I don't have feelings for you." I said stepping back 

He just kept coming towards me. I walked back and saw that he was serious he reached his hand out and touched my shoulder. In shock I just stood there. He looked Down at me and smiled. He had the most evil smile I had ever seen. "You are mine." he said grabbing my waist with his good hand and grabbing my breast with the other. Instinct came over me I quickly hit him with my palm breaking his nose. I looked at him as he got up and ran at me. I turned and ran out the door. I knew that no one would help me knowing that he had much more authority over me. Then I remembered that Nick was going to be staying in the west wing. I ran quickly to the guest room there. Zack was still behind me and running fast. when I got to the guest room I banged on the door crying as I did. God how pathetic I must look. A swordsmen who couldn't protect herself from a man. 

"Nick open up please!!" I screamed through sobs still banging on the door. Zack turned the corner and I turned to run when a strong hand came down on my shoulder. I looked up through tear stained and saw Nick looking at me with a smile on his face. He looked over at Zack and a frown came over his face. He put both hands on my shoulders and lead me into his room. He closed the door and smiled. He wiped the tears from my cheeks and helped me to the bed. "What happened?" He asked I explained what happened and Nick frowned. He never let go of my hand whiled I talked. When I finished he got up and went to see if Zack was still out there thankfully he wasn't

"Should I take you back?" He asked 

"There is no door in my room now." I answered. I looked down and noticed that my robe was open completely. I grabbed it and closed it quickly blushing. He just smiled and got some blankets from the drawer and set them out on the floor.

"You can sleep here. Go ahead talk the bed." He said laying down on the floor

"Thank you." I said looking at him. He got up and walked over to me "Anything for you princess." He said leaning in and kissing me. I closed my eyes and before he pulled back put my hands around his neck. I kissed him back with all the passion I felt for him. I waned him now more then I had ever waned anything in my life. We kissed for awhile before he got the courage to open my robe. I let him explore my body with his hands. I moaned in pleasure as he put his hands over my breast. I kissed him even harder encouraging him to go further. He removed my robe and lay on top of me he began to kiss my neck. I put my hand on his shoulders and all over his back. He kissed and sucked on my neck until he found his way to my breast. He unhooked my bra and slipped it off. Putting both hands on my breast he came up and kissed me again. He was taking his time and it was killing me. Then he traced kisses over my neck until he reached my left breast and put it into his mouth. I moaned as his had reached down to my panties. He put his hand in the top and reached for my clit. I arched my back so he could take more of my breast into his mouth. He played with my nipple and he rubbed my clit softly. He started to kiss down my stomach until he reached down to my panties. He gently lifted them off and kissed my shaved pussy lips. He then traced my lips with his tongue I lay there squirming at his touch.

"Please I need you." I managed to say. He looked up at me and smiled then quickly buried his face in my pussy. I moaned as his tongue entered me and his fingers massaged my clit. I was in heaved. He continued to lick and suck until I shuddered in my first climax. He sat there still licking until I calmed down. "MMM" was all he managed to say when he came up and kissed me. we kissed for awhile and I tasted myself on him. MY hands moved down to his pants as I felt his hard cock I smiled through our kiss and unbuttoned his pants. He was shocked at my anticipation. He continued to kiss me as I undid his pants. He stood up and took them off. allowing me a full view of his cock. It was huge. Bigger then any I have ever seen. Don't get me wrong I have only had one other partner but I have seen many. I just looked at him. It had to be a good 8 inches. He laid back on top of me again and kissed me. I kissed back putting my hand on his cock and guiding it towards my pussy. He smiled and pushed into me. I gasped with pleasure and he stopped

"Am I hurting you?" He asked concerned. I smiled at his kind words "No please don't stop."

He smiled and pushed the rest of the way in. I put my lets around his ass and pulled him closer to me. He pulled his shirt off and started to slowly began to rock back and forth. I moaned loudly gripping his shoulder leaving scratch marks on his back. He just started to go faster until he was ramming into me almost pulling all of the way out. My pussy clenched around his cock as I screamed. "YES FUCK ME!" He kept going in and out hard and fast. I was close to another climax when he bent down and put my right breast in his mouth. That drove me wild he was biting on my nipple and ramming me hard I screamed as I climaxed he did not slow down. He kept ramming me and playing with my breast. Finally he moaned when he climaxed himself. He laid on me with his head in between my breast. We both breathed heavily as I placed my arms around him. He started to get up but I stopped him

"Please don't move not yet." I said 

"Ok I'll stay here." He said settling into the same spot

"I love you." I said 

"I love you too." He said 

I know it was early to be saying I loved him but I did. I have never felt like this about anyone in my life and I wasn't going to let him go. He looked at me and brushed a strand of hair out of my eyes. I smiled and let him up. We kissed again before we laid down with my back to him he held me close. I was close to falling asleep when he spoke.

"Will you marry me princess?" 

I turned my head shocked he just smiled and kissed my cheek. I started to cry as I tuned to face him. "Yes of course I'll marry you." "You have just made me the happiest man." We fell asleep quickly and when we awoke we made love again. 

In a year we were married. Our parents told us to take some time to get to know each other better. We only became closer then we already were. Not only did we get married but I gave birth to a beautiful baby boy a year after the marriage. We named him Albel little did we know that our son was born into a time of war. 

The end?

(Again this is my 1st story so comments would be great thanks for reading I hope you liked it)