 Preview/Warning Tags: Goo Girl, Reluctance, Light Bondage, Asphyxiation, Nonhuman, Masturbation, Slime Girl, Monster Girl, Violation, Superhero 

A quick background to get you up to speed, I am a nineteen year old college freshman. My name is Jonas, people call me Jones. Currently single but always up for a fling. I tended to avoid serious relationships cause, life's too short, you know. I have been told I'm moderately tall, but I've always felt a bit short. Anyways, I stand just under six feet with light brown locks that fall just short of curls that I kept shortish. There, now you probably have at least a general idea of what I look like. Now that that's out of the way let's go on toward the main event. This is the story of how I was claimed by a goo girl. Once upon a time I returned to my dorm from chemistry class with a certain urge... 

I closed the door to my dorm room making sure that it shut fully and threw the deadbolt. I proceeded to drop my pants and commence the time honored tradition of all twenty something single college students with time to kill, I started masturbating. Opening an incognito tab, I launched a random video of a busty tattooed brunette getting nailed from behind. Stroking my member to length, I swiftly got down to business. A short... *cough *cough... adequate, amount of time later, I was lightly pumping my hips as the release began to run through my pelvis. I reached over to grab a tissue only to discover it was empty. Past the point of no return I lurched off of my chair and waddled quickly over to my sink in the corner. It was a dingy little thing with a shoebox mirror, and rustic knobs, completely sufficient for my current needs. My mind went blank as I unloaded into the sink careful to block the spray with my free hand to keep it contained, my favorite hand still doing its thing up and down my shaft. As the aftershocks wore off I carefully washed my hand and flushed the remainder down the sink. Making sure there was no residue anywhere on my hands or the sink, you know, cleanliness and all that crap, and I dried my hands and dick with a dishtowel. 

Slouching over to my bed and clambering under the covers, my classes done for the day meant I had no further obligations and thus was free to lounge in my post coital haze. I loved the boneless feeling I got after a good masturbation session. Slipping into sleep, my comforter draped haphazardly across my naked body, comfortably embracing me, carrying me like a sail to the foreign islands of dream land. 

I slipped gently out of sleep as a cool feeling tickled its way up my legs. I turned in my sleep as I kicked my legs listlessly trying to cover my feet with my comforter. I tickling sensation continued and I lifted my head to see what was going on. A cerulean blue gelatinous mass engulfed my feet and followed my bedspread and spilled across my carpet. I surged backward and the mass quivered in the dim light as it released my feet with a pop. My heart rate skyrocketed as I looked at the ceiling to see what was leaking. The ceiling showed no signs of blue goo which had me wondering where the hell the water came from? The goo still gently undulated a couple feet away as I examined it carefully. It was a uniform striking blue color that was slightly translucent allowing me to see the tacky carpet that looked straight out of the seventies. I poked at the goo with a chair which caused ripples to spread from the point of contact. It seemed firm and unyielding which contrasted how I recalled the soft enveloping feeling that woke me. Steeling myself I reached out to gently prod the mass. The ripples stopped as my finger gently depressed into the mass. I held my finger against the mass and the goo seemed to soften as it enveloped my digit. It clung to my flesh as I pulled my hand back, seemingly reluctant to release me flesh. At the lack of response I laid my hand fully on the goo and pressed forward slightly. There was no motion in the goo as it gently covered my entire hand. It sort of reminded my of the non-newtonian fluid ooblick, which is a combination of starch and water. It has the unique property that the harder you push against it the harder it gets. I used to have a lot of fun with elementary school kids playing with the stuff during summer camp and... holy shit it's climbing up my arm! 

My fond recollections were interrupted as the entire mass surged towards me. I fell backwards onto my ass as the material embraced my entire torso. My hands sunk straight through the mass as I tried to push it away. I opened my mouth to scream and the mass lunged into the open crevice. I choked on the fluid and tried to raise my hands to pull it out of my throat. I could barely move my hands as the goo solidified around my arms immobilizing them. As if wrapped in thick rubber bands, my struggles only resulted in miniscule movement, nowhere near enough to break free. I had taken a breath to scream so I shouldn't have to worry about oxygen for a little bit, I just need to work on an escape plan. The goo swirled around my dick and eradicated any notions I had of escaping. Holy shit balls that feels amazing. A tornado of swirling and suction surrounded my dick in a storm of stimulation. I lost myself for a bit as the goo continued its tender ministrations of my now hard erection. I was lost in the inhuman churning of the cerulean glop, the pleasurable shocks coming from my dick lighting up my brain, leaving me stupid. Was the room starting to get dark? I was running out of oxygen as the gelatinous organism continued to block my airway. I started to peak as my lungs convulsed, involuntarily trying to draw air through the gummy substance. I was beyond thought, out of control as I shot my wad into the mass. Strength left my limbs as the orgasm surged through my body. It was the greatest orgasm of my life, the oxygen deprivation and fear driving me beyond anything I had ever felt before. I was actually smiling as I passed out. 

Well I'm not dead. This was the first thought that accompanied me as I rose from my stupor. I'm seriously messed up and should probably seek professional help if it didn't feel so, goddamn good, was the second. I was still naked as I pushed myself off of the floor looking around cautiously for any suspicious blue blobs. There was a faint blue residue on the floor where it had it's way with me but otherwise my room was free of the weird substance. I made sure to check all the corners and considered my options. I couldn't really tell anyone what happened, it would just sound like a bad acid trip. Yes officer the blue goo immobilized me and then proceeded to give me an enormous orgasm. Sure I can do that, but why do you want me piss in a cup? I wrote it off as a one time thing and continued on with my life, alert for any strange blue colors. 

It was three days before I had another encounter with the translucent creature. 

I was walking down my dorm hallway at six in the morning, wrapped in a towel and carrying my tupperware of various hair care products and bathroom supplies. I was pretty bleary this early in the morning but I loved not having to worry about anyone else in the shower. Early classes do have their upsides I guess. I hung my towel on the wrack and gingerly stepped into the four by four stall, pulling the curtain closed behind me. I adjusted the knob carefully into the correct position. The showers at my dorm had two temperatures, arctic tundra and oh my god it's melting my skin off. If you happened to find the nanometer thin line between the two then the temperature could be made bearable. I was sudsing along in my usual manner until a brief surge in the water pressure gave me the seconds warning a had to dodge my way out of the path of water which was currently, doing its best imitation of lava. But we both know you can be fickle bitch water, don't we? 

See, anytime anyone in my eleven story dorm room flushed a toilet, the water pressure surged causing a brief cessation of the cold water flow allowing the hot water to go to town on any unsuspecting bodies. 

I, being a veteran of this sort of thing, dodged easily. Sidestepping the flow I hugged the wall. As I positioned myself away from the scalding water I set my foot down in a tepid pool of water that was lying on the ground. That's new. The floor never pooled before, it has a pretty generous slant going towards the drain. I looked down to see my foot placed firmly in the center of a brilliant pool of blue goo that was easing its way out of the side of the drain. 

I tried to jerk my leg out of the pool and flee but the goo already had a firm grip on my foot and ankle. My free leg slipped on the wet tile and skidded out from under me as my head traveled swiftly towards the floor. The goo shifted on the floor underneath me and caught me, gently cradling me from a nasty spill. I felt it tremble on my back and I started to rise from the floor, as it firmly eased me back to vertical. It gently laid me on my feet as I considered my situation. Other than choking me last time it didn't seem to want to harm me. The choking had seemed to be an attempt to silence me more than anything else. I kept my mouth closed to prevent that scenario again, I had no desire to be found passed out on the floor of my dorm bathroom. 

The goo stopped cradling my back as it crawled around my side until it was in directly in front of me. It gently tickled my skin as it shifted and grew taller in front of me. When it reached around a four foot pillar of shifting blue, two appendages separated from the body as it continued to grow. The undulated mass tickled against my dick as the form became more defined. Upon recalling my previous encounter and blood rushed to my penis as I quickly grew to full length, my dick rising along with my sense of trepidation. I was mesmerized by the swirling translucent shape in front of me. I was rock hard inside the mass as the shifting stopped. 

Plastered against the front of my body was a humanoid shape with a head and two arms. It reminded me of a blank mannequin as it had no defining characteristics, a featureless face sitting atop its flat torso. It arms rose from its side and I could see it had no fingers, just formless nubbins. The arms wrapped around my back in a gentle caress as its flesh started to swirl against me penis, causing a familiar deluge of sensations. Its arms seemed to suckle my back as they slowly moved up and down, tasting my flesh. Overwhelmed by the gentle fondling I leaned back against the shower wall. This action had the unforeseen consequence of bringing the goo person under the spray of the shower. The water impacting the gel caused vibrations through its 'flesh' and added a new dimension to its ministrations. It continued to gyrate and suck along with the vibrations. I clench my fists and pounded the tiled wall as the sensations overwhelmed me. The tension rose like a rocket and it quickly overcame my efforts to prolong the sensations by denying the inevitable. Despite my valorous attempt, I was only able to last few moments atop the glorious peak of Mount Pleasure, before the swirling and vibrations had me spurting my cum deep inside its depths. The white liquid coalesced into a small orb inside that darkened into a dark navy nugget the size of a marble insider of her. Its head leaned into my shoulder as it stood motionless holding me to its chest. 

Soon I noticed that its height was dropping as it went down the drain. Moving away from me the body went lower and lower as it disappeared into the drain. Just before it vanished completely one of the appendages stretched like a whip, reaching up and giving my lips one last smooch before sliding down the drain. I was in a bit of a daze as I finished my shower and headed for class. I had a feeling that this wouldn't be the last encounter with the cerulean mass. 

I had barely paid any attention in my physics class, my mind on other things. Blue things. Or thing, as it was. Vaguely I could recall the teacher saying something about electron charges and shells. Whatever, if it's important I'll learn it from the homework. A certain gooey blue organism that had rocked my world twice had severely impaired my concentration. 

I unlocked my room still undecided on how to approach it the next time I saw the goo. Which is evidently right now. The once amorphous mass now had a distinctly humanoid form and was standing in the middle of my room. The light shining through the window struck the translucent flesh and reflected around the room painting it with a soft blue light. It stood at five and a half feet tall and turned towards me as the door clicked shut behind me. It seemed to sink into the floor as the humanoid shape lowered itself into a blob which rushed to my feet before extending upwards back into its human form. Its head was now a few inches from my face and I could make out some vaguely feminine features. It had a cute button nose with plump lips and a mess of hair that was a slightly darker blue than the shade of its flesh. The 'hair' was pulled back behind her shoulders and I could see through its body that the darker color ended around the middle of its lower back. I noticed another distinguishing feature on the otherwise homogenous mass. Located in the middle of the chest was the navy marble that was so dark it almost appeared black. I looked back into its face, analyzing the features more closely. Although the features were there it was in shape only, the overall effect was rather uncanny as the uniform color lacked reliable distinction and the defining characteristics wobbled a little around its face. It seemed to mirror my inspection and reached a hand, now sporting five fingers, up to touch my face. Its form shivered slightly as the warm flesh met the slight stubble on my cheeks. My hand touched its jawline which distorted and wiggled under the contact. It shifted, its lower half melting against mine as tiny pulls of suction moved across my face with her caress. My clothing offered no impediment to its other hand and I shortly felt enveloping coolness and caresses as the creature went about stimulating my member. I reached around her to embrace this strange, yet wonderful creature. Instead of moving towards me, my hands sunk into her back and I accidently brushed a finger against the marble. The reaction was instantaneous. 

The mass lost cohesion slightly and the hand on my member stilled. 

Exploding forward she tried to embrace as much of my flesh as possible, my shirt providing as little protection as my pants had. Even though I wasn't restrained my body went catatonic under the goos frantic motions.The combination of swirling kisses on my chest and rhythmic pumping of my member quickly had me spurting into my pants, or more accurately into its flesh. I watched again as my normally milky white seed, colored blue by her flesh, danced on unknown currents until it was absorbed into the marble in her chest. It was strange experience, ejaculating without my penis being fully erect, but I had no complaints. Few complaints. It was almost vicious in its intensity but almost lacking in length. It, she, I decided, had stopped her desperate stimulation as my penis softened further. I still had my arms around her as she laid still against my chest the top of her head resting underneath my chin. A couple of minutes later she pulled her head back and I could see that her features had lost their relative motion. 

She was lovely. Irises coruscated in her eyes as I watched them form light purple circles with dark navy pupils. I saw a spark of intelligence kindle inside them and she gave me another light caress of my face mirroring her earlier actions. I opened my mouth to say something and she moved forward quickly, surprising me as she slipped her tongue inside before pulling away from me fully. In the span of a couple of seconds she had disappeared into the sink, the only trace of her presence was the taste of lime meringue lingering on my tongue. 

"I think I'm in lust with you." I said this with a tone of shocked wonder to an empty room. I went to my desk and pulled out my textbooks, preparing to do my homework like I had planned before the unexpected distraction. Also, I didn't want any distractions in case the goo girl decided to swing by again. 

Unfortunately she didn't decide to show up again that evening. I passed the time watching some netflix after I had finished my remaining homework for the week. I had even taken the time to get started on a project that wasn't due for a month. I let out a frustrated sigh as the encounters with the gelatinous mass continued to swirl through my head, teasing me with memories of pleasure. I had a semi hard on as I climbed into bed and settled in for what I knew would be a night of restless sleep. 

Two hours later I kicked off the blanket and it clung uncomfortably to my sweat damped flesh. Ugh, it's so hot here. I'm never gonna be able to sleep. A cool weight settled over my forehead and I quickly relaxed into a gentle slumber. Glad the air conditioning finally kicked in. 

My alarm eased me out of my sleep, and I was only slightly surprised to find someone nestled in under my arm. I lifted my arm to see her hair had changed color to a soft purple that matched her irises. She had lost some of her translucency and her flesh had firmed but retained its decadently soft texture. She stirred slightly and raised her head. Her features were fully defined and she was beautiful, with large round eyes and bee stung lips which had darkened to a deeper shade of blue to distinguish themselves from the rest of her skin. I ran my finger down her arm and we both shivered with the sensation. She blinked her eyes up at me sleepily and a small smile graced her face. She looked away bashfully. 

"Hello," I greeted her softly. 

"Hi," she replied, her tremulous voice sliding, soft and melodic, through the air. 

"Hello." Idiot. You said that already, try something else. "You can talk." Smooth, how else would she be communicating. I mentally facepalmed and tried not to let my anxiety show. The attendee to the church of no free lunches half of me was waiting for the other shoe to drop, the rest of me was wondering if she was willing to chop down my morning wood. 

Focus creature is talking. 

"I read your mind while you slept. I wanted to communicate with you and that seemed the best way to learn your language." 

"That makes sense," as if this conversation is completely normal. So she can read my mind huh? If you can hear this say dichotomy, or oblation, or polysaccharide. Out loud I continued, "Thanks for helping me sleep. I couldn't get comfortable last night and you definitely let me sleep easier. It's nice to finally talk to you, it's not everyday that you get to talk to an anthropomorphic goo after you've had sexual congress with her. What do I call you?" 

"Ummmm... how about Lara," she said shyly, still refusing to look me in the ey. I, on the other hand, eyed her suspiciously. Lara was a girl I had a small crush on in my physics class, she was the primary beneficiary of my naughty daydreams and fantasies. I wonder if language is the only thing she got from me. Oh well, not much I can do about it now, if she wants to be called Lara who am I to stop her. 

"Nice to meet you Lara. I'm Jonas. Now that we've dispensed with those niceties, let's get down to the nitty gritty. Who are you, what are you, and why are you here?" I asked, firmly angling her face to look at me. Her eyes had an interesting combination of hope, fear, and a healthy dose of lust. 

She closed her eyes and rested her face against my chest. Her head was warm, spongy and soft as she murmured her answers, unconsciously, or maybe deliberately, pushing all sorts of my nurturing buttons. I wanted to wrap her in a blanket bring her a cup of tea and play big brother to the world, protecting her from woe. 
