 Spoiler Tags: Goo Girl, Nonhuman, Slime Girl, Monster Girl, Superhero, Prostate, Adventure, Devil Girl, Forced Orgasm 

Big thanks to VeeBird for taking time to help me edit this story into something readable. 

***** 

Eyes wide with fear I turned my head slowly towards the door then back to Lara. She had a placid smile on her face, still blissed out on the fact that I'd let her back into my life. 

Shit, they've figured out I'm the guy that stopped the bank robbery. They're probably gonna haul me in for some questioning. No way I'm capable of holding up under interrogation. What's the sentence for vigilantism? Community service? Prison? I grew more nervous as the worries swirled around and over my mind, overloading my- 

Snap! 

A quick flick of a damp pseudopod cut through my daze, bringing my attention back to the matter at hand. Lara frowned at the necessity of helping me through my panic attack, my body, though healed, wasn't quite chemically balanced yet. 

"Mr. Reeder. Please open the door." 

Scrambling, I opened the door, trying to look as nonchalant as possible. Two officers in the standard navy blue uniforms, one male, one female, stood in the hallway. I noticed the female officer was actually a couple inches taller, which was a little strange and threw me for a micro loop. The brown haired male officer, hat clutched to his chest, spoke solumely, "Mr. Reeder, may we come in? It's about your father." 

My blood, running hot from panic, flash froze in an instant, doused in a bathtub of liquid nitrogen. 

"Yeah, come in," I said woodenly. I stepped back and took two steps deeper into my room when I stiffened, the panic returning in a rush. 

Shit! Lara! 

Lara, being the smart, cognizant slime creature she was, had anticipated the problem before I had. As the officers crossed the threshold to my room the final part of her finished oozing under the couch. 

Nice Job! 

"Thank you." Like a cat wandering blindly into a room of sticky pads, I twitched at Lara's voice inside my head. 

That's gonna take some time to get used to. 

"I don't know. I think it's pretty intuitive, we just think things at each other and that's that. I mean, it's easier than talking that's for sure. Do you know how much of a pain it was to learn how to cycle air and then vibrate the passageway with-" 

Aarrgghh! I was being rhetorical. Doesn't she realize I need to focus? 

"Umm. I'd offer you a seat but the space in here is pretty limited," I said to the officers. 

"That's okay," the man spoke again. "This won't take long. Yesterday, at approximately four o'clock in the morning, power went out at the Westside Correctional Facility. We're still not sure how he did it, but during the ten minute outage, your father, Mr. Tristan Reeder managed to bore a three foot hole through five feet of rebar reinforced concrete. His cellmate, Mr. Vlednar Corstus, was found dead of natural causes in his bunk after the fact. Time of death was approximated at two o'clock, two hours prior to your father's escape. We were hoping you might be able to give us a clue as to his whereabouts." 

"Hey! Patrick! What are you doing? I don't think that's supposed to be public knowledge," the woman said, pulling on her partner's arm. The woman's voice surprised me, unusually bright and peppy for her imposing stature. A weird sort of vibe floated from Lara, prompting me to sneak a glance down towards her. Sneaking from underneath the couch, a rather conspicuous blackish purple chord ran along the floor til it met with the chatty officers leg. 

Shit! No! All the terrible ways this could end ran through my mind like a destruction derby through five o'clock traffic. 

I gave a sharp foot stomp near the tendril and a quick shake of my head, hoping Lara got the message. Shamefully turning a dull orange color, she began to retreat, somehow managing to indicate remorse as she pulled back. Instead of returning to the couch, she used the opportunity of my repositioned foot to latch onto me and slide underneath my sweatpants. I tried to keep my reaction off my face as she trailed apologetic kisses up my calf. About the time I leaned down to give her a smack the female officer finished scolding her partner and turned back towards me. 

"Look, I haven't seen my father since he went to prison and I'm more than happy for that fact. If there's anything I can do to help throw that asshole back in prison, just let me know." 

Noticing my fidgeting she gave me a questioning look and I scrambled to explain. 

"Uhhh. I felt a bug crawling on my leg." 

A very nosy and rude bug who's gonna get a talking to. 

The officer shrugged, making me feel like it really didn't matter to her one way or another. 

"As my rather verbose partner said, let us know if you see or hear from your father," she said, handing me her business card. "Morning, noon, or night, give me a call anytime if you have something." She tipped her baseball cap at me. "Have a nice night." 

After they'd left I hung my head in my hands and sighed, flopping heavily onto the couch. The tendrils kept creeping up my legs, heading inexorably toward my crotch. Kicking my legs dislodged Lara's feelers. Falling to the floor with a wet plop, she started to reform her humanoid body as she crawled up between my legs. She attempted to embrace me, eager to continue where we left off after we were so rudely interrupted. A hand against her chest shut her down like a running back stiff arming a defender. My hand went about six inches into her sternum, her flesh stretching out around it like rubber, before snapping back into place. 

"Whaaa-?" She whined. 

"Nope." I said, my mind racing down other pathways. The implications of my father somehow knowing magic as well as having escaped prison made my head spin. "Sex will have to take a backseat for now." Her pout deepened. "First things first. We need to be more circumspect with revealing your presence to people. I have no idea how people would react and we'll avoid many potential problems if we can keep you a secret." Running those words through my head, I realized that how it could be construed that I was ashamed of her and I quickly worked to reassure her. "It's only til you get your coloration so that you can pass yourself as human." Her face scrunched up into distast but she had a more thoughtful look to her navy eyes. "Secondly, you didn't like it when I was in danger at the bank, right?" She nodded, her pout melting into a look of concern. "Good. This will be good penance for you then." She turned an interesting shade of yellow purple, the colors swirling inside her like an angry lava lamp. 

"I just don't want you hurt," she whispered brokenly. 

"Then it's up to you to keep me safe. Because I'm planning on figuring out just what this body can do." 

And I have my entire summer break to figure it out. 

Here's the highlight reel. 

Things I could do after Lara's alterations that I couldn't do before. 

1: Resilient to scrapes, cuts, and bruises. Also punctures to a lesser degree. My skin and muscles restored themselves within a few seconds of damage. 

2: Flexibility. For the first time in my life I could touch my toes. Neat, but not game changing. 

3: I was marginally stronger and faster. My muscle density increasing a little bit. I attribute this more to my suddenly less sedentary lifestyle, running and jumping and moving instead of sitting inside, watching tv, and playing video juegos. 

That. Was. It. 

Now the drawbacks of Lara's changes. 

1: I was thirsty. I had to drink like three times the amount of water just to feel normal. I also never had to pee. Which was just plain weird. 

2: Not immune to bludgeoning impacts that tended to lead to broken bones. Also I still felt pain, which royally sucked. It took me about two weeks to heal a compound fracture of both bones of the leg. Two achy horrible weeks. 

3: Open flame was my new most terrible thing ever. Even a small source sucked moisture out of my body quicker than an air conditioner-less car in one hundred and ten degree heat. The bunsen burner in my chemistry lab felt like the surface of an active volcano when I was near it. 

Then there were the things I could do with Lara's help and my new found semi-invulnerability, which is where things got interesting 

1: Utilizing strategic shrubbery and architecture we could launch ourselves like a modified balloon launcher. 

2: She could cushion my fall after we shot ourselves like an airbag, preventing injury by bleeding my momentum into an unique compression architecture, she could create in an instant. 

3: Enfolding my body like a wetsuit she could protect me from most harm that could be done to me. Lara really liked that one. 

4: I could throw little semi aware pieces of Lara that could restrain whatever they come in contact with. 

5: When I wore Lara as a thin translucent mask I could see some weird stuff. I'm still not sure what to make of that. 

6: I felt like a total badass, invincible and ready to take on the world. 

That was how we spent our summer break, experimenting while simultaneously on the lookout for any indications of my father but he remained frustratingly hidden. Lara was initially reluctant to perform some of the more dangerous experiments but after I introduced some... incentives, she was fully onboard. 

Our lives continued. 

Nothing of interest happened until two weeks after the start of the fall semester, just as we got back to the dorm after a workout slash training session. 

"Can we do it now? Can we? Pleaassssee," Lara whined. 

"No. You know the drill, let me shower first." 

"Why? I drink all the sweat the moment it comes off of you." 

I shuddered. While hot, I also couldn't get it out of my mind that the pieces of her that guzzled down my... fluids... were also the ones that delighted in kissing me and nibbling my flesh. One quick rinse later, without any sexy slime girl shenanigans (sometimes she liked to relive our second meeting), and I was dripping some water onto my dorm room carpet, around my fluffy black and grey checkerboard towel. Tossing the towel into my dirty clothes hamper, I turned toward a pinkish blob with red stripes who charged me like an excited rhino. 

"Bring it home-" she hit me with a wet slap, like a wet towel against a pane of glass, pushing me back against the door. "-puppy," I finished. She wrapped herself around me like an eager octopus, her legs and arms embracing my back as her gooey nature sucked at my bare skin. 

God. There's so much motion back there I'd almost swear she'd grown extra limbs. 

Twinkling with mischief, her eyes danced as she smirked at me, leaning in close to whisper in my ear. 

"I did." She leaned back, showing off two tentacles that sprouted from her torso, giving her that extra bit of contact she was seeking. 

I don't know why that turns me on, but it does. I groaned as she licked a trail from my cheek toward my mouth, dipping her tongue into me at the same time she sunk onto my burgeoning erection, her quick pulsations urging me to hardness. 

She didn't bother to pump her hips, allowing her mutable internal structure to bathe my dick in long strokes. The sensations left my head swirling, regardless of the number of times she'd done it she managed to make each experience a delightful discovery of new avenues of pleasure. She'd evidently decided hard and fast for this experience. 

Well. Two can play at that game puppy. 

She disengaged my mouth to whisper against my lips, "Please do." For a long time it'd bothered me that she could read my mind when she was this close to me. Eventually the fear of having my private space invaded had faded, leaving me with the quiet joy of a sexual partner who knew exactly what I wanted at any given moment; which could be a little overwhelming but was never, ever, boring. 

Also the feelings thing was a two way street... kinda. She seemed to be able to pick out discreet thoughts and musings, where I could only figure out general feelings, unless she decided to implant specific thoughts. Spoiler, they mainly involved how hard and how fast and how many ways I should put my dick into her until she could bathe in and consume my seed. 

There was one surefire way I knew to make Lara's orgasm pop like an overfilled water balloon. Reaching around her back, my hand penetrated her flesh at her shoulder blade. She shivered, causing her semisolid insides to quiver and swirl, both around my dick and my hand as it foraged deeper, seeking the solid navy blue orb that'd grown to, and held steady, at the size of a baseball. Grasping it in my fist, she began shaking like a massage chair cranked up to eleven. I was nearly at my limit so dragging the orb through her clingy, churning body, up towards my mouth. A quick kiss and a prod of my tongue against the cool hard surface of her core, and she came undone around me, losing all her composure. In the midst of her thrashing she managed to slip a tendril through my sphincter, giving my prostate a quick stroke that set off my own release. We came down from our pleasure together, me panting to regain my breath, her slowly dripping onto the floor, losing cohesion. 

"What have I told you about, that thing with your finger in my... place." 

"... Sorry. It lights up nerves that are not usually alive during normal sex," she said, not sounding apologetic. 

"And this matters how?" 

"It gives the sex a different flavor." 

"It certainly does that. It's just... not something you should do without asking first," I said, trying to figure out how to explain it in a way she'd understand. 

"But I like to do it. And it'll throw off the mood if we're in the middle of going at it and I'm all like 'Hey dude, is it okay if I poke you in the shitter?' I don't think so." 

"I never should have taught you the nuances of sarcasm," I said with a chuckle. "Although it is quite amusing at times," I muttered to myself. Back to her I said, "You can ask without words through body language and signaling. Here, I'll show you with a kissing example." 

Reforming her body, she folded her legs in my lap, laying her hands on my shoulders. Meeting her eyes, I slowly approached, her floral scent filled my nose and I had to fight from taking a deep breath. Sensuously, and ever so gently, I gave the crease where her lips turned into her cheek a quick peck. I retreated an inch and held it there for a short moment, as Lara slid forward giving me one of her effervescent kisses; the ones where she makes it feel like tiny bubbles were popping across my lips. Reluctantly parting, I slid my hand between us, catching a second kiss in route. 

"That's signaling. Did you see how I let you know I wanted to kiss you without actually kissing you?" I asked softly. 

She nodded, but I think it was more in acquiescence to get back to the kissing than an actual understanding. 

"Good. Then you won't have a problem demonstrating it to me." She leaned forward, her head engulfing my hand, her puckered lips and face reforming as it emerged from around my hand. Yanking my hand out, I held it in front of her face again. 

"And you have to do something other than kissing," I said, smiling around the words. She pouted and retreated slightly, her face screwing up tight as she thought, a cream tinge washing over her body. A burst of red bloomed around her core, as she gave her eureka pose, pointer finger held aloft as she smiled. Grasping my hand, I let her pull me by my wrist, her eyes sparkling. Using her other hand she gently opened my fingers and maneuvered them into a cup. Once everything was arranged to her satisfaction she placed my hand under her bosom, just outside the range of touching. She blew me a kiss and her breasts gave a shudder as the suddenly had a little extra mass to work with, causing them to swell out and downward filling up my palm with her soft, pliable flesh. The plump weight jiggled a little as it settled into my palm. She gave my wrist a little encouragement, bouncing her breast up and down. Smiling wryly, I started to toss her tits up, bringing my other hand to bear as they wobbled and shook between the opposing forces of gravity and my playful fingers. Closing her eyes and sighing, she rolled her shoulders back, enjoying my ministrations as her pink color darkened. Chuckling, I smiled and stopped throwing her tits. Going for the death blow, my fingers darted to her plump navy nipples, pinching and rolling the flesh. As always, she couldn't hold out under the nipple play for any length of time, her sweet pungent release soaking my thigh as her squishy body rippled with her sharp motions. She cuddled up to me, nuzzling her head sweetly into my neck as her whole body conformed to my skin. 

"Why do your thoughts differ after an orgasm?" she quietly asked as I hoisted the both of us up. 

She left an autonomous offshoot to clean up while I explained to her the satisfaction that humans had with all the feel good chemicals released after an orgasm. She had a contemplative look and I had an idea she'd be testing the composition of my blood after my next orgasm. Sinking onto the couch, we got comfy as Lara sent out a pseudopod to snatch up the remote from next to the TV, both of us looking forward to a little quiet brainless time. 

...Only to be interrupted by a knock on the door. 

Ugghh that's the worst. Who would be knocking on my door at this time? 

"Lara, clothing," I hissed at her as I stood up. She slithered around and up my body, her form melting into a fabric looking material that covered my body as it settled into normal looking pants and shorts. The clothing had a unique quality that felt just a little muggy and damp, but not enough to truly be uncomfortable, but enough to remind I was wearing a creature and not actual clothes. 

She told me she was working on that aspect of it, but I think she knows it tends to get me riled up. But she has been looking into her memory problems without complaint, so this is a small price to pay for that. I know how uncomfortable that makes her feel. 

I opened the door without looking and was stunned by the sight that greeted my eyes. 

It was a dude. 

A slightly chubby dude, with thick glasses and an ironed polo with well pressed slacks. He had a neatly trimmed mustache and a look of jovial forced interest on his face. Stunned into silence, I watched as he slid two L-shaped cast iron rods covered in tiny golden etchings into his back pocket. 

"Hello, I'm Mikey. I'm here for my freshman orientation assignment. I live three doors down the hall." He looked at me expectantly for a moment before I gestured him in. "Thank you. I know this is considered a little rude to some Others but I don't recognize your genealogy, and I'm incredibly curious. What breed are you?" 

As I contemplated the strangeness of his question, Lara's blob having finished its job of cleaning up our messy residue, dutifully latched onto my leg and started climbing towards the bulk of Lara. The feeler caused me to look down, which obviously drew Mikey's gaze. Eyes widening to saucers, I panicked, spinning to try to hide the blob from his view. 

"It's okay. I'm enlightened," he said like that should explain everything. At my continued confusion his eyes widened in surprise. 

"You don't know." I clenched my fists my fight-o-flight meter redlining as both Lara and I became fear of discovery was made manifest. "No. No! That's not a bad thing." I thought briefly about taking a dive out the window and making a run for it but his words stopped me. 

"Just let me get my thoughts together before I say anything more." 
