 Spoiler Tag: Adventure, MF, Monstergirl, Devil Girl, Goo Girl, Superhero, Slime Girl, Paizuri, Tit Fuck, Fantasy 

***** 

After successfully sneaking past the police, I was still stunned by the nights events, desperate for some answers. Claire and I move quickly, Mikey trailing along behind us, confused by the outpouring of magical energy he'd felt and the sudden addition of the stunningly beautiful yet frightening devil girl. For her part, Claire seemed to be soaking in the sights of the town like and obvious tourist, drawing us forward like an entrancing sprite as she flit from modern convenience to modern convenience. 

Her stomach growled fitfully, and she set her hand on it like she could physically dispel it. Pursing her lips into a frown, she shot me a look. 

Misinterpreting her meaning, I waved my hands pitifully in front of my body. "You can't be serious. I'm not some broodmare, it hasn't even been twenty minutes." 

"No. I am content with that manner of feeding, it's the more mundane manner of sustenance that is giving me fits." She tilted her head to the side, seemingly gazing off into the distance. 

Mikey grabbed my arm, his palm sweaty with nerves. "Dude. What is going on? Who is she and where did she come from?" 

"Look, it's been a hell of a night. Why don't you head home? We can pick this up tomorrow after I've had a chance to discuss things with Claire." 

Flinching back, Mikey looked hurt. "I thought we were a team. And you lied to me. You said we were going to call the police." 

Ugh. I don't have time for this. 

"He killed my mom Mikey. That man took her from me. Could you have left him to the police after that?" I asked, pinning him with a penetrating stare. 

Downcast, he dropped his eyes to the floor, struggling for a response. "What did you do, Jonas?" 

I sighed, rubbing my face with a hand. "Not what your thinking. Something crazy happened out there, and she's at the center of it." I pointed to Clair who beamed a brilliant smile and took off in a quick jog down the sidewalk. "If you want to stick with me and get some answers, that's fine. If not, then I'll fill you in once I've gotten some for myself. I owe you that much." Softening my tone, I skipped backwards after Claire while continuing to speak with Mikey. "Thank you for all the help tonight. Either way, I owe you big time for stepping up the way you did." 

His quiet anger and judgement faded as he took in my words, growing bashful at my praise. "You're welcome." 

"Seriously, it's been a long day and it's only going to get longer if you stay with me. Head home and get some rest. Swing by my room tomorrow and we can talk about everything that's happened. And again, thanks man." We gave each other awkward waves by before I turned and chased down Claire. Who was weaving through the streets like a woman possessed, uncaring of the pedestrians who stopped to stare at her. 

Her destination turned out to be a hole-in-the-wall twenty four hour bakery. It had faded sign over the glass wall that read, "Cloud Nine Bakery - Heaven Awaits." 

An odd choice for a lady who just broke out of hell. 

She entered the store like a child entering Disney World for the first time, eyes alight with wonder. A high-pitched squeal eked through the side of her mouth while she hopped in a tiny circle. The sprinkle filled confectionery proved too much for her and she darted around from display case to display case, making me question her sanity. Unconcerned, she flitted from cakes to cookies to the cupcakes like a honey bee from flower to flower. 

"What can I do for you folks?" the man behind the counter asked through a chuckle, wiping the excess flowers from his hands. 

"Just a moment. She's been... out of town for a while, and hasn't had access to sweets so she's a little overwhelmed." 

"Take all the time you need. I'm not going anywhere." He settled his chin on his palm and his elbow on the counter, smirking at Claire who was still darting around his store. 

"Jonas! So many delicacies! Cyprian told me of them but I couldn't believe it until I saw it. Isn't it amazing? Amazing. I haven't tasted sugar in an ages." 

She's a far cry from the holy warrior she seemed to be in the graveyard. Or even the maneater she looked like when she first arrived. 

The vision of her uncaring eyes sent a chill down my spine and I resolved not to let my guard down, unsure if this cherubic conduct was just a mask. 

"It sure is," I told her with a smile, stifling my own case of chuckles. 

"And it's all for sale?" she asked, her voice dripping with anticipation. The implications of that realization just now dawning on her sugar sprinkled brain. 

"Of course." 

I could practically see her begin to drool as her eyes bounced between the wares. Opening her mouth several times, she began to choose, each time stopping after only a syllable, lured away and torn by the promise of a different delicious treat. 

Eventually I took pity on her. Laying my hand on her shoulder. "Would you like me to decide?" 

"Would you please?" She looked so relieved, freed from the burden of choice and the disappointment that could come from it. 

"We'll have a chocolate chip cookie, a red velvet cupcake, an almond scone, and... let's do a peanut butter cookie as well." 

Claire watched raptly as the man bagged our choices, hardly blinking as each baked good was slid out sight into the paper bag. After I paid the man, he handed our purchase to Claire who snatched at them like they were liable to sprout wings and fly off. Leaving the store, I directed her toward a nearby park where I hoped to squeeze some answers from the girl. A delicate scent clung to my hand where I'd touched her. It was impossibly savory, teasing the lizard portion of my brain while somehow smelling vaguely of spicy woodsmoke. Laying the bag on the metal picnic table, she actually licked her lips as she pried it open. The move revealed the dainty points of her inhuman fangs. Then she deflated, like a puppy who's had their tennis ball taken away. She morosely pushed the bag towards my side of the table. 

"They're yours." 

I laughed and reached into the bag. Withdrawing the peanut butter cookie and red velvet cupcake, I took a bite of the former while holding the latter out towards her. Taking it from me, she sank her teeth into the spongy red flesh, managing to smear the white cream frosting across the tip of her nose. She moaned at the taste, finishing the treat in three rapid bites, licking her lips clean of frosting and cake crumbs, followed by her fingers, each of their porcelain lengths getting bathed by her vibrant red tongue that poked just a little too far from her mouth to be normal. 

I was more measured in my consumption, ripping small pieces off the rich, decadent cookie with my fingers before popping it into my mouth. 

Lara, you feel like joining us? 

"Not really. I took quite a shot from that barrier your father erected. I'll stay as I am for now, but I'm here if you need me and I'll be listening. I'm curious about what she has to say as well. And, knowing you, we won't be able to let a demon wander around our city if what she says is true." 

Do you think she's lying. 

She sighed. "No. I think she's telling the truth. Which is why I would like you to turn away and run. But that's not the type of person you are. So ask your questions and know that I'm with you for whatever trouble you plan to throw yourself into." 

Love you too sweetie. 

"Love you." 

I pulled the scone out of the bag, handing it over the eager devil girl who was impatiently drumming her fingers on the metal table. Her fangs cut through the layered pastry, her shoulders shimmying with enjoyment, doing interesting things with her breasts, the taut flesh swaying seductively from her seemingly innocent motion. 

"Ahem." I coughed, blushing at her innocously erotic manner. My impatient curiosity beat out my discomfort in a close race. "So... Claire was it?" 

She nodded, not pausing or deviating from her wholehearted consumption of the sweet. 

"How did you even know there was a bakery there? I thought you mentioned something about not being in this world for some amount of time," I said, deciding to broach a less sensitive subject than the revelation of a demon on the loose, potentially wrecking havoc and requiring response. 

"That's all Cyprian. He's been around while I've been gone, doing what he could in my absence. So he knows his way around the town and," she licked the crumbs free from her lips she fixed me with an entrancing stare. "While you were certainly delicious, I need more than just that to keep me going. Therefore he informed me of the existence of such a wonderful shop. And, having learned of its existence, I decided to check such a marvel out for myself." She finished off the corner of the scon by tilting her head back, her throat bobbing as she swallowed. 

I gulped in response, my Lara-clothes suddenly feeling a trifle stifling. 

Fuck. Why is everything she does just drip in unconscious eroticism? If she keeps this up I'm gonna need a smoke and a nap before the halfway point of our conversation. 

Claire traced a half circle in the air with a splayed hand, closing her fingers near the end of the arc and pulling back with her elbow, clutching at the empty space. The floating book that I suspected to be Cyprian popped into existence without a sound, falling slowly to the table where she covered it with her hand. "Me and him have been through a fair spot of troubles through our time. It hurt to have to leave him behind when I carried Sentyne's filch through the portal, all that time before. Even if it did allow me to reinforce the wards with my Lady's magic I carried with me." She seemed to drift off into her memories for a moment before snapping back to the present. "But I'm here now, so no use dwelling in the past. All there is to do is move forward and find the filch before it gets into too much trouble." She looked at me and then the bag. Twice more she repeated the cycle, as if to remind me that she hadn't forgotten there was a cookie still residing there. 

I fished it out for her and slid it to her on the parchment paper the shop had wrapped it in. She fell on it like a piranha on a particularly bloody haunch of meat. 

"So... about the-" I leaned forward, hiding half of my mouth with a cupped hand. "Demon." Relaxing back onto the bench, I tried to adopt an inconspicuous posturing. It still felt odd to discuss such things in the open, the subject felt more appropriate for clandestined smoky rooms than a park that smelled of cut grass. 

Her fingers transformed into claws and her eyes narrowed dangerously at the word. She licked the last bit of the baked goods from her wicked looking implements of rending as they morphed back into normal looking hands. "What do you want to know?"  

"What are they? What do they want? How dangerous are they? Do we need to talk to someone to help us? Special weapons? How do we find them?" The questions poured out of me in a torrent but she didn't look all that concerned. 

"Ah, so you need a quick primer on demons?" 

"No. I like to head into situations completely blind," I said, unwilling to reign in my sarcasm and frustration at being kept ignorant and toyed with. 

"And yet, that's an oddly self reflective statement." 

Hush. You were right there with me, I thought at Lara, although it didn't stop the stab of guilt as I remembered the torturous pain she'd endured because of my father's fire barrier. 

Or was it Cyprian's fault? Considering he's the only reason my father was able to perform any sort of magic at all. 

"Snarky, I like it," she told me with a bounce of her perfectly manicured eyebrows. Accompanying her words was the feeling of her silky smooth knee running up my leg. She could tell her teasing landed by my comically large eyes. "Have no fear young one, I shall regale you with the information you seek. Demons..." She said the word slowly, like a frozen toothpaste squeezed through the nozzle. "They are the dark side of the infernal plane, seeking to influence our world in any manner they can." 

"Like igniting wars? Starting riots? Did they start human trafficking? Because I don't know if I can believe anyone would be that cruel," I told her impatiently. 

She shook her head sadly. "Unfortunately for the human race, I believe that only we can lay claim to that particular cruelty. No, demon's cannot touch things on that kind of scale. They like to get up close and personal with their victims. Really savor the suffering, nibbling on the loss of happiness and potential. Fortunately they haven't yet found a way to pass between realms. Instead they use minions to do their bidding, filches they are called. Nasty little buggers. They have a minor enough footprint to slip through the layers that separates their realm from ours. The demons then use them as marionettes, directing them to vulnerable people and... influencing them in various ways. Most demon's have a favored manor of torture, Dante documented them in his seminal work." 

I mulled over the information carefully, finishing off my cookie while I did. Claire had been eyeing it carefully and was disappointed when I ate the final bit. "So they aren't widespread agents of chaos?" 

Her claws elongated, slicing furrows into the metal table while her voice deepened in a sibilant hiss. "Even one person lost is too many." Her stare pinned me to my seat. I said nothing while she calmed down. "Apologies. You did not deserve that. I do not need your help if you feel that this is not worth your time." 

My heart, momentarily frozen by the vehemence of her ire, restarted, thumping unevenly in my chest. "Hold on now. I still want to help." 

Further relaxing, she half-smiled, a white tooth indenting her plump bottom lip. "You are a good man Jonas. I would be proud to share this hunt with you. Sentyne's particular brand of suffering involves sucking out his victims enjoyment and connections, slowly and methodically isolating them until they end up taking their own lives." 

"That's horrible." 

"Just so. Furthermore, he particularly enjoys tormenting young women whenever he gets the chance. From his taunting messages, he implies their hopelessness tastes 'sweeter' somehow," she spat the words out through grinding teeth, claws tucked into her palm so hard I was surprised there wasn't blood trickling between her fingers. Tossing her head, a pink lock of hair covered her eyes and she remained impossibly still for a moment before the tension eased and she tucked it away behind an ear. 

Her words struck me to the core, far too close to home than was helpful. It filled me with a burning need to stop him, for the sake of my mother. A misguided attempt at redemption that nonetheless pumped through my core, heedless of the potential trouble it could cause. Lara reached out and I let her in, a cool sensation spreading through my brain, tempering my emotions into a steely resolve. 

"Most shy from this path. Finding greater value in the assistance of the masses and the renown that comes from that effort. The hunter's path is dark and mostly thankless, forcing us to confront forces that are better left alone, both within and around ourselves." 

"Even one person taken down by such a creature is too many," I told her fervently. The connection I had made between what she'd described and my view of my father cemented itself in my brain.. 

"My sentiments exactly." Her smile grew more genuine, and her eyes lost their harshness. The touch surprised me, her fingertips warm as they settled onto the back of my clenched fist. "I look forward to guiding you in this path Jonas. There is much to do and little time to do it." 

"What is our first step?" I asked as we walked from the park side by side, both of us resolute in our conviction. 

"First we get some rest." Her smile was dark, curling from her lips in the alternating darkness of the lamplights, promising gleeful violence. "Then we hunt." 

It took three days for Lara to fix the jagged cracks that ran through her core. Claire decided to bunk with me, so to speak, sleeping on my couch at night and spending most of her day off doing research, looking for a method to track down the demon before he could do too much damage. Most of the resources she was used to were no longer available. Everyday Lara complained about 'wasting the good stuff' when she handed over my seed. The whole affair made me deeply uncomfortable. A fact that Claire took pleasure in tormenting me with, delighting in teasing me at every opportunity while sucking down my cum with obvious relish. Mikey was horrified when he learned about the demon and what it could do, offering his services to track it down if we thought he could help. Although he admitted to his concerns about his ability to actually subdue such a thing. Two weeks went by, and we fell into a steady rhythm. I struggled to focus on my job and studies, concerned with the filch and wondering about what my father could be up to, dead, alive, struggling, or thriving on another realm. Returning from one of my classes, I shrugged out of my pack and flopped onto the couch. Claire's scent wafted from the couch in a plume, dousing me in tiny particles of concentrated desire. Sensing her chance, Lara sloughed from my body, leaving me naked. A state I was all too familiar with at this point in my life. 

"Hey," I said tiredly. Throwing my arms over the back of the couch, I reclined back, tilting my head up at the ceiling. 

Lara caught my attention by laying a cool hand on my thigh. 

"What's up puppy?" I said, shaking off my unhelpful thoughts and focusing on my lover. 

"Stick it in my boob?" 

"... Did I just hallucinate or did you say...?" 

"Stick it in my boob, please?" she said, remembering her manners and being ever so polite. 

Rising from the comfy embrace of the couch, I tilted my head down to look at her. She kneeled between my legs, breasts thrust out prominently with her shoulders pulled back. Her breasts looked subtly different from how I remembered her usual configuration. It was hard to say, but I thought they just a bit plumper, sliding to the side of her chest in a way they hadn't previously. 

Is her right...? 

"Slightly larger than my left yes. I modeled them after Claire's and I was interested in testing them out?" 

"After... Claire's?" My heart rate spiked and I could tell from her expression that she'd noticed. "Why would you do that?" 

"I could tell by your response that you think that Miss Viviande is quite attractive. And I find that I like to make myself attractive for you." 

"Oh puppy. You know I think you're fine the way you are right?" 

"You have no problem with my appearance, yes. But I wish to experiment further." 

"... Which explains the request..." I said slowly, reasoning out loud as I played mental catch up. 

"Yes. I wish you to stick your penis in my boob." 

I mulled the idea over and... found it to be intriguing and more than a little naughty. 

Sinking my dick into a feminine, but not explicitly sexual organ... 

I gulped. 

Yeah. I could get on board with that. 

Lara smiled, her flesh turning a shifting reddish pink. "I take it from your increased heartbeat that you are on board with my request." 

"I mean, I guess. Why do you keep pushing my boundaries?" I asked, not really expecting an answer. 

"You taste different when you're experiencing something new. And my unique biology opens up a plethora of avenues for us to explore that you have never even contemplated. Your thinking confined to the limits of a partner that doesn't apply to me." 
