 "So this is 'Admiral' Tony MacComhaill's breaking point," a condescending nasal voice commented.

Claire couldn't see anything, couldn't move. The not being able to move was why she couldn't see: she couldn't open her eyelids. But she could hear and feel. She heard the nasal voice and another man to whom he was talking. She could feel the hard plastic of the bed on which she lay, the various medical hookups that kept her in this state, and the cold, clammy hand that grasped her chin, tilting her face towards the light source in the room.

The only thing that kept her sane under the stress were the voices in her head that no one else could hear. Tony and his cousin, Jared, were both brimming with hatred deep enough to commit homicide as Tony said to her, Bannside, through their nano-machine connection.

The other man in the room responded, "Yes, sir. She's not much to look at, but we don't care about that down here."

So much noise filled Claire's head as her heart and stomach dropped in terror that she almost missed the response. "Absolutely not. The Chief of Psych has ordered this one stay in pristine condition. Anything happens, and you'll get to watch your balls get dumped out the airlock."

The emotional backwave that she got from Jared and Tony didn't help. They were panicked, relieved, unnerved, but not surprised. Tony... Jared began and then he and Tony both 'disconnected'. The pain from Jared's broken legs and hip abruptly disappeared, leaving her just with her concussion-headache. That they both had fallen silent meant that Tony deliberately wasn't sharing their conversation. Allah, Tony, I need to hear what you guys are talking about; I'm freaking out here!

On the Infinity, several thousand parsecs behind Bannside's Vox military spaceship, Tony pulled Jared's black box out of his hand and set his own down as Jared asked, "Tony, what can we do here if those rapists think they can get away with it?" He was shaking again.

Watching Lt. Abe Tabari, the Infinity's medic approach, Tony said, "I think I ought to knock both you and Claire out."

"How do you knock her out remotely? And what about you?" he worried.

Abe grumbled, "You DON'T recover from a broken hip like a wrist sprain, Col. You can't keep pushing yourself like this," as he put Jared under a light tranquilizer.

"You won't like it..." Tony began but continued knowing Jared's objections, "...I'd manipulate her heart and breathing rates."

"Our fetus?" Jared demanded. Will I have to choose between my wife's sanity and my daughter's life?

Tony sighed, "It can't be good for her but am not sure about when damage would occur if it's only short-term."

"If it's early enough that the placenta has just begun forming," Abe offered, "Cmdr. Al-Saud's pregnancy should be unaffected so long as the stress and other factors don't cause premature bleeding."

Tony swallowed his rage at the thought. Jared was too far sinking into mellow to react beyond a groan of misery, "If she weren't under the chemomotor blocks, I could fight for her."

When he reconnected with her, Claire sensed Tony's rage and internally cringed as he said gently, Claire, I've decided that we're going to knock you out if you're attacked in this state. She wanted to shake her head 'no', but it was at the situation.

There's a better solution. I KNOW there's a better solution. But she couldn't THINK, the concussion made everything harder to understand. Is there anything else? One where I don't get raped? But she couldn't think!

Sensing Claire's frustration, Tony stared at Jared as he started to fall asleep from the sudden cessation of stress under the tranquilizer. 'If she weren't chemically blocked, I could fight for her'. Pulling out his handcomm, he was about to speak when Abe snatched it out of his hand.

"I apologize, Sir. For our cover, we need to have all recordable transmissions clean," he explained.

"Call Einarsdottir to sick bay then, Lt." Tony replied, "I need to confer with her on chemomotor blocks."

*****

"Crosby Station," announced Niloy as they came out of hyper-acceleration again.

Paul muttered bitterly, "The armpit of the galaxy."

Shiela sat back and listened to the recorded greeting, "Welcome spacefarers! Please transfer your travel plans in response to this message. Attached are all our rules and regulations."

"May as well send a blank file," Paul added.

"They'll need to make a detailed scan to uncover the shuttle bay damage," Igor commented.

The communications' console lit up with the suite of scans the Infinity was currently receiving. Paul nodded at Shiela when they were complete: we passed.

"Thank you, Crosby, requested information is attached," Niloy answered.

A roundtrip light-time later, the automated response said, "The Event Horizon is approved to dock at Berth 2653."

"And gets to pay extra to undock," sighed Niloy.

Ships traveling into Vox space from Crosby had to submit identification and, if not pre-approved, applications up to and including a search of their premises. Sheila knew that most of the illicit traffic came through the official channels disguised as legitimate entries. The Infinity, or rather the Event Horizon, regularly traveled through Vox space and had the required documentation. As Igor donned his Capt's uniform, the main question was whether or not the Vox had located the Infinity as already existing in their databases or their time was up for a search.

Frowning, Igor wordlessly saluted Sheila as he left in his 'costume' as he called it.

Sheila saluted him back, "See you soon, Capt."

Igor's frown deepened.

Hiding her smile until he turned away, Sheila waved to Darla, "I'm not worried about the almost-dead guy, but was about the other one? He's hot and that's annoying."

"Send him to go clean out the sewage lines," she suggested.

Sheila grinned.

A few hours later, Igor returned with company. "Paul, looks like we have some visitors," Niloy ordered in code-speak as he counted the heat signatures waiting to come on board.

Throughout the ship, the lights flashed as the power fuse remotely flipped. Abe sedated Jared and applied a temporary facial covering to conceal his scars. Elbows deep in effluvia, Tony sighed and burst one of the pressurized bladders causing the line to the brig to spray all over himself and the corridor.

"All personnel to the shuttle bay. No exceptions except Spc. Levin," Igor announced throughout the ship. Jared's last name had been renamed 'Levin' for his crewmember ID.

One of the inspectors with Igor asked, "Why not Levin? We're permitted to kill anyone we come across."

"Medical, wheel Spc. Levin to the shuttle bay," Igor announced instead of replying.

As Sheila and her crew gathered in the space, several were in various states of dress...including Sheila in her skivvies to distract from her face and bearing. Tony's emergence as something human that crawled from a cesspool made everyone take 10 steps back. When Jared's unconscious form was wheeled out on a gurney, it was anticlimactic. The inspectors didn't give him a second glance.

"Are all here and accounted for, Capt?" the first inspector asked.

Igor nodded, "Yes." Every time one of the inspectors glanced at Sheila, he compressed his lips together angrily.

The second inspector pulled out his data drive out and headed for Bijoern's bridge. The first inspector turned in the opposite direction and headed towards what little cargo they had in the shuttle bay.

"Capt," he called, "Please explain the origin of this safety pod and your shuttle..." Experienced, Sheila had drilled it into everyone to keep two sets of databases and manage any discrepancies across them to maintain consistency.

The inspector learned that the safety pod had been salvaged from Dime Box Junction, and the shuttle was the primary cargo that they were transporting into Vox space, since it belonged to them in the first place. The truth was that the safety pod had been given to them by the Aberystwyth mercenaries as a replacement for the one they had to blow up, and the shuttle was one of the Vox shuttles that Jared's people had recommissioned during the battle. Naturally the 2nd inspector was going to find a 3rd party contract for the transportation of the shuttle.

They didn't bother asking any of the crew questions, most of whom were covering their faces with their shirts or trying to pinch their noses to get away from Tony's stench. The first inspector did look as if he'd like to question Sheila's breasts, but Igor invaded his personal space just out of sight making him twitchy instead. As they left, they shook Igor's hand congenially.

"Spc. Waziner, I expect you to repair the plumbing damage immediately and not rejoin us until you've been rinsed, disinfected, showered, and fumigated," Igor told Tony when he returned to the shuttle bay. Fixing his eyes on Sheila, Igor actually grumbled his discontent, "As you all were." No one missed the heat in his gaze. Except Jared.

Several hours later, Paul informed Igor and Sheila, "Sir, we've received special passes for our cargo."

Sheila raised an eyebrow at Igor, and signed, Special passes?

They wanted to gawk over the shuttle, he signed back, MacComhail gave me the location of a secret base for these sorts of items roughly along our route but far enough beyond that we won't be missed. The inspectors insisted that our contract required special access, and so they took extra measures to get it for us.

A pleased smile softened her lips as he signed. Nice work. She briefly grasped his hand in emphasis.

"Prepare to depart, Bijoern," Igor ordered.

He replied in a monotone, "The launching fees went up, Sir."

"Of course they did," Sheila rolled her eyes and signed, At least we were honest as pirates.

*****

When the danger of being heard through the hull's vibrations to the airlock was gone, Tony helped Jared reconnect to Claire on the Vox prison ship. Her relief was palpable. Beautiful? I'm sorry we had to leave you alone for so long. He sensed that she was upset and scared. I can feel that your head is healing, and you're not injured anywhere else. But I can't figure out what's wrong.

Claire shared his frustration. While he and Tony had only been gone for several hours, she was getting more worried about being raped. One of the medical personnel had felt her up. She couldn't tell Jared the problem because of the chemomotor blocks. The injury was emotional, not physical, so he couldn't detect it. This time.

Tony's presence joined them. Claire, we got through the border inspection. Our next stop is picking you up. I have to tell you how Sheila did it.

I missed the inspection, Jared added. Tabari knocked me out. Claire's getting distracted. He recognized the psych approach Tony was taking for giving her for some temporary relief.

Sheila sent me to go work on the sewage lines to ensure that no one would get too close to recognize me. Which was an odd symmetry to the whole thing, he added aside to Jared, when she first picked us up, Claire was covered ventilation sludge. Tony babbled.

While Claire's fear and upset continued to dominate her feelings, amusement oozed up to a close 3rd from remembering the episode.

No one took a second glance at Jared. They insisted your unconscious body get wheeled out, too, cos.

It was at that moment when Claire discovered she could open her eyelids by HER own will and not a regular medical cleaning of grit and eyedrops.

 

YES! Tony yelled.

What did you do? thought Claire. Then Tony started using his nanos to control her eyes, and she fought with him. She wanted to scan the space while he wanted to look at what he could of her body.

Then Jared joined the fray, and she gave up. Let me scan the space, cos. We want to make sure that nobody notices.

As far as she could see, she was alone. There were layers of medically-enhanced bunks. Only one had another person in it. That's one of the guards, Tony answered her curiosity and concern.

The revulsion and fear that filled her at the thought that the molester may be the man she saw told Jared all he needed to know. Tony, she's been attacked! His rage was volcanically explosive.

Where Jared's rage ran hot, Tony's was cold. Slicing. Claire shivered as the monster inside him woke up, She's not injured physically. He reminded himself as much as voicing the thought out loud for Jared's benefit. Claire, blink if he only touched you; close your eyes if there was penetration.

Claire blinked. Tony's monster watchfully sunk into the emotional background as Jared struggled to restrain his temper. The cascade of overwhelming emotions from them stunned her, leaving her desperate to find shelter where none could exist.

Jared started shaking again, and Tony's internal Admiral took over as he waved to Abe for assistance, "No meds; we need Igor's special brew of tea." He carefully pulled Jared's black box out of his hand and released Claire from his internal turmoil as well as visa versa.

Then Tony gave Claire the strategic update, You'll be arriving at the high security prison station in the next 12 hours. We're about 20 hours behind you. Thanks to Igor's ingenuity getting those special passes, We're probably not going to be inspected again. Jared and I are going to make sure you're not left alone.

The relief that washed through her system clenched Claire's heart and tears gathered in her eyes making the view blurry. I'm sorry, she wanted to sob.

Igor himself arrived to drop off his special calming tea, and Tony nodded in Jared's direction as he spoke, Close your eyes for now, Claire. You're in the standard Vox high security prison transport gone to hell under Bannside. Darla gave me the rundown on the chemomotor blocks you're under, and mine and Jared's nanos are creating regional barriers. Until they unplug you from the feed line, the nanos can't remove them entirely. Try moving your fingers for me.

Claire was light-headed and tears pooled in her eyes, I love you, Tony. Nothing happened when she tried to move.

Tony's heart rate picked up in response to her desperate tide of admiration and affection for him; it was those moments that drove him to turn the whole universe on its axis for her. Okay, not yet but your hand will be available soon. Blood flow is larger, so they're trickier, he told her aware of Igor's intense scrutiny of his and Jared's activities. Content with his brief inspection, Igor left as Jared's shaking subsided. Amused by Igor's bearing, Tony returned to distracting Claire for an emotional respite, While we wait, let me tell you about Igor and Sheila...

*****

Jared was connected with Claire, who was just starting to uneasily drift to sleep, when he felt a wave of sexual stimulation cascade through her system which in turn caused him to feel aroused in response to which he inadvertently sent a second wave of heat to pass through Claire, whose eyes now remained closed feeling stimulated and uncomfortable.

He looked at Tony, asleep on the medical bed next to him thinking, This feels so wrong, which pretty much quenched the stimuli. It was when he felt another wave pass through her even stronger than the first, that he thought, Okay, what the hell is going on?! Taking a closer look at Tony, he saw that he was smiling and holding on to his pillow affectionately with one hand while the other was absently holding his black box.

Oh, gross! Reaching across the space between beds, he tried to wake up Tony. Thinking, God, and here I thought I was suffering from blue balls, he shuddered as another cascade of stimulation reached him through Claire. Pushing himself over, he managed to slide off the bed onto the floor. The reach was awkward, but it was enough. He shook the black box out of Tony's hand.

"That was way too uncomfortable," he muttered. Speaking of which...grasping his bed's dropped rail and the opposite edge across the top while palming his black box to stay connected with Claire, Jared dragged himself back into bed. Gasping from exertion, he lay prone for several minutes to catch his breath.

Continuing to keep her eyes closed, Claire responded with a lot of relief, a little disappointment, and a deep ocean of homesickness. Jared's struggle to move was emotionally matter-of-fact. Love, what have you been through?

Tony's smile turned to a frown, and he patted the pillow a couple of times before slipping off into a deeper slumber.

*****

Tony was connected to Claire when one of the two medics entered the area where she was imprisoned. "Cmdr. Shunov wants to speak to you, Lt."

There was a lengthy pause, and Claire froze petrified. Don't leave me alone! The tension in the air resembled the charged anticipation that preceded being sexually molested earlier. Allah, Claire prayed, Help me!

"Oh, lets double check that, shall we, Ensign?" the other medic replied with the sound of a handcomm being lifted.

A fleshy slap and a piece of equipment hitting the ground followed, "I'm owed that pussy. Get the fuck out of my way!"

A meaty pounding followed. Then they were randomly banging into equipment and beds around the room while yelling.

"Go fuck yourself!"

"I know you're fucking the cunt when I'm not around!"

They slammed against Claire's bed and stayed there as gasping and choking filled the room. Tony was cussing a blue streak in her head. Sweating pointlessly, her heart racing, Claire opened her eyes in a quick blink.

The Ens. had a stylus in reach of her fingers, and she snatched it from his pocket as the Lt. snarled, "My balls are on the line." She slid it under the thin absorbent mat on which she lay as the Ens.'s hands frantically moved around the pocket moments later.

They fell away from her bed, and a branch-like crack echoed in the room. I think the Lt. just broke the guy's neck, Tony said. He was physically shaking. Claire was terrified, and he was powerless to help her.

Claire panted as she listened to heavy breathing, equipment being moved, and finally the Lt.'s voice on the handcomm, "Cmdr. Shunov..." He then left the room cutting off all sound. Except her breathing...hers alone. And that's when the smell hit her: blood, urine, sweat, and death.

Tony used the nano's to simulate grasping her hand. Jared woke up and is going to join us, he warned her.

What happened?! Jared demanded.

When Tony finished updating him, the medical prison area was reentered by a handful of footfalls. "An 'accident' you say?" inquired one voice sarcastically.

The Lt. replied, "Terrible. Awlaki told me that Cmdr. Shunov wanted me, and when I returned from learning he lied, found him like this."

"Right," the voice responded. A heavy shuffling echoed. "Just drag the body out."

"Sir," replied another voice followed by weighted dragging.

"I'm going to look around. You stand over there," ordered the voice-in-charge.

To Claire's horror, her thin paper covering was ripped off. The man shone a light on her breasts then opened her mouth and shone it within.

He's looking for signs you were attacked, Tony explained.

That didn't make her feel any better when he roughly spread open her thighs, shone the light on her vulva, and grunted in appreciation, "So this is the pussy MacComhaill fucked."
