 ~By Becky Johnson~

For Rick

Who awakened me to what is inside 

* * * * * *

"MiLady, we've almost arrived-we should be at Lord Callahern's manor within the hour." 

Chloe sighed, and rubbed her aching eyes. "Thank you Seamus. Wake me when we are within a mile so I may make myself presentable. In the meanwhile mind the potholes!" 

"Minding the potholes, MiLady!" Seamus climbed back aboard the carriage and clucked to the horses. The carriage groaned, seemingly as weary of traveling as the dark haired woman in it's velveteen embrace. 

Simply put Chloe Boyd was exhausted. She'd been traveling for a week on her way to an arranged marriage not of her choosing. Her emotions had run the gamut from terror to grim resignation. Her father had treated her, in the end, as he did all his livestock- as something to be used for his profit. Stubborn in her own right Chloe accepted her doom only as a means to get out of her father's house. She'd never fall in love there anyway. Aside from the few delicious (and quite literal) rolls in the hay with the stableboy Billy, and even occasionally Seamus, there had been little for her at House Boyd since her Mother passed three years ago. 

Once again Chloe rubbed her eyes, and let her mind wander. She stared at Seamus' broad shoulders and toyed with the idea of having him stop long enough to let her stretch her aching muscles. A small smile played at the corners of her full lips and she thought about letting the handsome young carriage driver help her to stretch a few other parts as well. She was feeling the arousal deeply and was on the verge of having him stop the carriage so she could fuck him soundly, and maybe shake off this damned fatigue. She lifted her watch on its chain from between her full breasts and saw that it read nearly noon. She didn't really want to postpone the first meeting of her betrothed any longer than necessary, so she left the unsuspecting Seamus to his driving duties and took matters into her own hands. 

Loosing her coal black hair from its knot at the nape of her neck, Chloe shook the dark curls loose over her shoulders. Smiling at the scent of the lavender water that Nanny had rinsed her hair with, she ran her long graceful fingers through it. Stretching out upon the seat, Chloe began to pass the tip of one long nail rather roughly over her nipple. Feeling it harden through the many layers of clothing she wore, she wished she were naked and could access it freely. "Beggars can't be choosers Chloe girl! You'd best get on with it if you want to be able to concentrate on dinner with your bridegroom!" her voice said, deep in her mind. Uncaring of whether or not Seamus saw her (in fact, half hoping he did) she grinned wickedly and hiked up her skirts. She'd sewn her own undergarments, making sure that most were split where it counted so she (or one of the lads) could have easy access if need be. She spread her legs wide, one foot on the facing seat, and the other bent at the knee and opened her bloomers. The sunshine smiling merrily in the window of the carriage touched her glistening quim with a warm beam of light, as her fingers began to spread her wetness around and between her exposed pussy lips. Unlike many women of the times Chloe kept her cunt closely shaved and it drove her two lads wild. She felt her pussy twitch as she thought of this, and after a little gentle tugging and twisting of her inner lips, she let her finger wander up to her hard bud and begin the slow lazy circles she loved, as they reminded her of Billy's tongue. She had just begun to thoroughly fuck herself with two fingers and was nearing climax when all hell broke loose. 

There was a hellacious bang and it sounded as if something landed on the roof of the carriage. She heard a blood curdling scream and Seamus fell dead from the drivers seat. Chloe reached for the small but deadly dagger she kept hidden in her sleeve at all times, and braced herself against the back wall of the carriage. Soon the horses stopped, though she knew not how, and all was still. She waited for a moment, to see if she could discern anything before she got out. 

She stepped boldly from the carriage and saw a man leaning nonchalantly against a nearby tree. 

"Well, if you're here to rob me, have to and be on your way. I shan't fight ya, as I'm not equipped and ya seem to have dispatched with poor Seamus!" 

The man spoke with a rich deep voice, the accent of a Highlander, "Lads, step out and search the carriage."

Four relatively young men, all very handsome, stepped from the shadows of the wood and looked at the older man with puzzled expressions. 

"MiLord?"

"You heard me. Fall to!"

The other young men obeyed without question, though they didn't really seem to know what they were looking for. 

As she stood there dagger at the ready, Chloe looked hard at the man, and he at her. Taking each other's measure, he was the first to speak.

"MiLady, I am truly sorry we came upon you at such a "pivotal" moment in your recreation. I know how frustrating that can be."

"W-w-w-ell, whatever do you mean!?" Chloe colored red and stammered. How could he possibly know?

"I mean this Lady! Let me help you to finish and perhaps you'll relax a bit!" He approached her with one swift step and had her pinned against the side of the carriage. Before she even realized what he was doing , he had his hand up her skirts, and his fingers buried to the knuckles in her still very wet pussy. 

Gasping, she realized he was making the exact motions over and around her clit that she had been making herself. Of their own accord her hips began to buck and almost involuntarily she began to fuck herself upon the strong fingers that impaled her.

She felt as if she were in a trance as he whispered "Cum for me Chloe~ it's been too long since you've been taken by real man~ cum NOW!"

Her orgasm nearly knocked her over but he had such a grip upon her that she couldn't have faltered. 

She felt the last few spasms as her quim clutched at his fingers. He was right…it had been too long. He slid his hand from beneath her and like a cat with a dish of cream, he languidly licked her juices from his fingers. Panting, her face red, she merely stared, unable to move. He touched her bottom lip with his wet index finger and barked, "Bind her eyes lads, and bring her along then!" Next she knew, Chloe Boyd was being manhandled in a way she never had been before. She was frightened, and frankly, still very aroused from the massive orgasm she'd just had at the hands of a stranger. Blindfolded she was trundled back into her own carriage, and lay against the seat trying to hear what the men were saying.

As they got under way, her mind turned to thoughts of escape. She ran over plans and scenarios in her mind, but her thoughts were halted abruptly.

"I wouldn't try it if I were you MiLady. I'm sitting right here beside you, and I could snap your neck with my bare hands. Lie back and enjoy the ride." She'd thought she was in the carriage alone! And how had he known what she was thinking?! 

"I shan't do any such thing, and you'll not force me to!" Chloe gave out with the first thing that popped into her head, and she heard him laugh.

He began to speak again, that rich highlander accent, lulling her into an almost trancelike state. 

"Conjure my face Chloe…get a firm picture of me in your mind! Do it, now!" 

She envisioned him, nearly six feet tall, his long black hair pulled back and tied with a piece of leather. His snapping hazel eyes that were unreadable in their intent. His firm ass and tight muscular body. Narrow hips sporting a gleaming two handed sword in its polished scabbard. The details of him that she didn't know, he filled in for her. Implanted them in her mind. 

"Lie back Chloe…see me in your mind, see me…and enjoy the ride…"

She felt his hands slide again beneath her skirts pushing her legs apart and back. She made no pretense to fight him, she didn't want to fight him. She gasped when she felt his fingers exploring her again, both hands this time, stroking, rubbing, pulling at her swollen lips. Delving deep into her cunt, stroking that spot that she always knew was there but had never been found before. Resting both thumbs against her hardened clit, he pushed, eliciting a scream of pleasure and a sudden drenching orgasm. 

"Chloe, Sweet Jesus, I've not seen a woman cum like that in years…" She could hear the desire that thickened his voice, but all she could do was lie beneath his hands and whimper. 

"I would love to take this further, Lady, but we have arrived at our destination~further pleasures will have to wait!" 

She heard him gruffly order his men to see her to a room and "…bind her there-make sure she cannot move!"

Her head had cleared some, and she tried to make out what details she could. She could hear the boots of the men, and the horses' shoes ringing against stone. The acoustics of their voices carried in such a way that she assumed (and rightly so) that she was in some sort of a walled in courtyard. 

She couldn't figure why a common brigand and his men would have a castle, and, from the sounds and smells, full kitchen, scullery, and stable service as well. 

When her eyes were unbound, she found her self in a large richly appointed bedroom. Maids waited upon her and helped her to wash and undress while the men from the road stood guard. The women said not a word, but gathered her clothing and left her standing before the three men, naked, cold and frightened.

They eyed her up and down. Beautiful, full, firm breasts, with nipples that were large; long and thick, hard with the cold. Her black hair fell past her waist, contrasting to her creamy white skin. They especially noticed the smoothly shaven pussy that peeked out from between her legs. She was a beautiful woman, and she knew it, but this lewd appraisal of her body truly scared her. 

After a moment, the oldest of the men stepped forward and simply stated, "We will bind you now."

She was led to a large four poster bed, and told to lie down and spread her arms and legs. She hesitated and got a stinging slap across her rump for it. She climbed onto the bed, and did as she was told and was soon tied rather tightly spread eagled before the men. 

She closed her eyes awaiting the multiple rape that she knew would come. She heard nothing but their footsteps leaving the room. She opened her eyes and found herself alone. 

She shivered hard in the chill of the room. 

She must have dozed off because she was awakened by the sound of the door. A young redheaded woman came in and bent over to stir and build up the fire. Chloe spoke to her. 

"Please, can't you tell me where I am? Please!" 

The young woman ignored her and merely continued with her work. She finished with the fire, and brought a thick quilt and placed it over Chloe's body, and said only this. "Master said you were cold and hungry. Bridgit will be up soon with food and she will feed you. Master said to tell you he will be here shortly after you have eaten."

She left the room as quickly as she came, and the interaction with Bridgit went much the same. Though she felt better physically Chloe was half dreading and half awaiting the arrival of "Master" as they all seemed to refer to him. 

Soon enough she heard footsteps in the hallway and whispered words. (Obviously her room was being guarded!)

The door opened and he strode in, dressed this time in a kilt and lace up shirt. Of it's own accord her body responded, and to her embarrassment he noticed.

"Glad to see me then, lass?" he chuckled

"Shut up and leave me be you bastard!"

His eyes snapped and she knew she'd gone too far.

"Not in much of a position to be makin' lip, are ya? "

The room was much warmer by now and he whipped the cover from her body. His eyes shone with his first full look at her body.

"You are a beautiful woman Chloe Boyd."

"I want to know who you are and how you….how you…seem to know what I am thinking!"

At this he laughed and came to sit beside her on the bed. He trailed his fingers over her hardening nipples and spoke almost casually. "Ah, lass when I've known someone as long as I've known you, tis an easy thing to read your thoughts. As for who I am call me Richard, until you know better. But enough of that for now! You've eaten, and now it's my turn to finish what I started on the ride home!"

With that he leant in and kissed her deeply, smiling at the fact that she did not pull away. She did know who he was after all, she had only to let herself realize it. He'd unbound his long hair and it fell in a silken caress across her breasts. She sighed, struggling against her bonds, trying to push herself to him. 

"Easy lass, we've all the night through.." He enclosed her thick nipple with his mouth pulling and sucking, flicking it with his tongue. She moaned and whimpered as he twisted and pulled the other. His little biting nibbles all across her breasts were driving her into a frenzy she'd never felt before. She thought to herself that it hadn't been this way with Billy, or Seamus. 

She heard his chuckle as he kissed and licked down across her belly, and knew he'd heard her thoughts. He dipped his tongue quickly into her navel and suddenly though she knew not how, the bonds that held her hands were gone. 

As he took his first long slow taste of her honeyed pussy she tangled her hands in his long hair, nearly crying for the want of him.

"Yesssss Richard, lick my pussy! Find my clit…suck it!" 

She began toying with her own nipples, and pushing her slick pussy up to his mouth. Spreading her legs as wide as she could, she reveled in the feel of his tongue and lips, lapping at her, drinking from her. Sliding his tongue deep inside her, fucking her with it as she writhed and cried out beneath him. She came tremendously in his mouth, a warm wet spurt of her juices dribbling down his throat, making him nearly cum himself. He never missed a beat. Not stopping for a second he began to lick and suck hard at her clit, her filthy language driving him to further passion. 

"Fuck yes, fuck me! Oh god, suck my clit, lick it and make me cum again!"

His eyes fair to rolled back in his head at the joy of her, and he did just that, sucking hard at her clit, and sliding a finger deep in her ass. She heaved her soaked pussy against his face, screaming out his name, and she came again in another great gush of sweet juice. 

The bonds holding her legs were gone as well, and he firmly rolled her over onto her belly. She knelt there before him, and he could see, her drenched and throbbing cunt, and tight pink little ass. He reached around grasping a thick nipple and twisted it violently and lifting the kilt, he thrust hard and deep making his entry. 

Crying out, she fucked against him, hearing the sounds of their coupling. The wetness, his slick flesh slapping against her juicy pussy, making the wet sloppy sounds of a wonderful fuck.

She could tell he was near his climax, and she pulled herself away and turned to lay beneath him…

"Cum on me Richard…cum all over my smooth pussy, and my tits…"

That was all it took. He let go, and loosed his flood of cum all over her body. As it landed on her slippery pussy, she slid down and gathering it up, rubbed it hard against her clit with one hand while rubbing it into her nipple with the other. She climaxed hard again, adding more of her own juices to his semen that coated her body….and in that instant, she remembered…

She turned to him with a look of shock, and joy. He smiled back and they both knew… 

He collapsed beside her in the trance like state that followed a mating in the male of their species. He had retained remnants of himself, even now.

She lay for a moment, simply staring at him, wondering if it all could be true. 

When the fog of his fervor had passed she looked at him, her eyes full of wonder and joy, and simply whispered…"I remember now. Is it really you, melda ore, my Dregonis?"* 

He looked at her for a moment then a shadow of seriousness crossed his handsome face.

"Did I not tell you on that last day Morielle, that last horrible day, that I would travel through all of space and time to find you? It took me many years, nearly twenty lifetimes to find you, and even longer to figure out how to reach you and break the spells that were wound about us and our remaining people. I did it Morielle. I found you, just as I said I would. "

"But how did I remember you? The Elders made sure I forgot who and what I was when they took me and cast me out of our realm. Were you able to break that spell as well?" she asked.

"I did not have to, beloved. The Elders knew that our kind share a bond that cannot ever be completely severed. When we coupled and you felt your climax, the remaining walls in your memory tumbled. That is the reason they tried so hard to take you where I could not find you."

He touched her face gently with his fingertips, and she smiled at the scent of her woman form upon his hands. 

"You know Morielle that once we abandon this human form we cannot return to it. It was a curse with unintended blessings, was it not?" He smiled as he said this, wondering what her reaction would be. She thought on this a moment, and realized it was true. She had always been much more sexual than the other girls she knew, and from a much earlier age. Mating in her true form was wonderful, but much less physically intense than as a human. It must simply have been her hidden Dreycon thoughts surfacing to enjoy the much less subtle human sensations while she had the chance.

Something else dawned on her then and she slapped him playfully upon his hard chest. 

"Just how many "blessings" have you known in our time apart, Lord Dregonis. Mighty King?!" 

He threw his back and laughed his deep rumbling laugh, and replied with a pinch on her ass. "You don't think I learned how to do all that by watching someone else do you? Although I did occasionally indulge in that pleasure as well! You weren't exactly chaste in our time apart, Lady!"

He gave her a mock glare, and she retorted with "Yes, but I didn't know who I was!" 

He silenced her with a kiss, and a hard smack on her backside. Her sharp intake of breath made his manhood rise quickly and he whispered in her mind "Once more, my Queen? Once more before we return to ourselves…there is so much humans can do that we cannot." 

He slipped down between her legs once again, and again, let her hear his voice inside her head. 

"Touch yourself for me, Morielle. Show me how you pleasured yourself all those lonely nights! I want to see you cum-watch it and remember it forever…" 

She gasped as she let herself slip for a time back into the role of Chloe Boyd, 22 year old human woman. She spread herself wide, and he felt his prick leap in expectation.

One graceful hand held her breast, roughly rolling and pulling the hardened nipple, the other crept slowly towards her smooth soft pussy. She began the familiar tugging and stroking of her outer lips, spreading them wide to let him see her wet pinkness. 

She heard his groan of pleasure deep in her fevered mind and played her part to the nines.

She slowly began to writhe and twist on the bed as she slid two fingers deep inside her velvet tunnel, and began to rhythmically flick at her clit with her index finger. 

She sent him the telepathic image of her orgasm before it fully hit her, and he was ready.

He was at her pussy like a starving man at a feast, as he saw the first drenching stream flow from her opening. They cried out their pleasure in unison as he captured every drop of her honey on his tongue. 

He licked and sucked at her clit bringing her to another mind shattering orgasm, and that was it. It was all he could stand. He raised upon his knees, and swiftly buried himself to the hilt in her wetness. He, grunting and moaning, she heaving like a wild thing beneath him, they enjoyed this final coupling before their lives changed yet again. 
