 It is late but the beautiful young woman cannot sleep. Her master was to meet her at his lodge. He had ordered his ravishing young slave, Clarissa to go to the secluded hunting lodge and wait for him. Now it is well past midnight and Clarissa knows few are brave enough to travel in this remote area in the dark. However, nothing scared the Master, so perhaps he would still come. If Clarissa had known she would have been alone all night in the large spooky lodge she most likely would have disobeyed the Master and accepted the punishment he would have given. Nothing could be worse then the fear that now gripped Clarissa soul. A rapping at the door startles her. Surely the Master would not knock, but who could it be. Cautiously, Clarissa goes to the door and looks through the peephole. Outside the door is a handsome man, about 40, the gray streaks in his jet-black beard revealing his identity to Clarissa. It is one of the Master’s assistants. 

He somehow senses Clarissa’s presence and yells, "Hurry bitch, let me in! I have a message from the Master." 

Clarissa immediately unbolts the door and flings it wide open. Sub-Master Robert strides in to the room. He slaps Clarissa and says, "Never leave me standing at the door, slut! The Master is delayed. He had to deal with a bitch more disobedient then you. I will be spending the night with you." 

Clarissa is surprisingly overjoyed. Even tough Robert is known to enjoy being rough with slaves; it is better then spending the night alone. She can't quite figure it out but there is something different about Robert's face. Suddenly without warning Robert reaches out and rips Clarissa’s nightgown from her body. Clarissa trembles, as she stands before him naked. 

"That is better slut! Now you are ready to see my true self," Robert says sneering. 

Before the young sex slave’s unbelieving eyes Robert begins to transform. Where Robert had been moments before now stands a half man half beast. You can still see Robert in the face, but now it is an animal-like face. An animal you do not quite know. Almost like the evil servants of the devil from your childhood nightmares. 

"Does my true form please you?" Robert snarls. 

Clarissa is unable to speak due to the shock of the transformation. 

Robert reaches out with his hairy hands and squeezes Clarissa’s tits hard. "Answer me, whore!" 

"Yes Master," she manages to get out as Robert pushes her to the floor. 

Clarissa’s nostrils fill with his animal smell. Robert moves and puts his crotch into Clarissa’s face. The demon’s cock is contained in a hairy sheath like that of a dog. The foul creature begins rubbing the hairy sheath over Clarissa’s delicate face. The animal odors are strong and somehow sensual. As Robert becomes aroused his cock begins to emerge from the hairy enclosure. It is a strange hybrid combining both animal and human cocks into one. The head is clearly that of a circumcised man, but the shaft is the red color of a dogs grotesque fuck rod. It is thicker then a man or a dog's cock. The diameter is more then Clarissa has ever seen.  She recoils in horror as the beast pushes the growing shaft toward her soft sensual lips. As more and more of his cock emerges, Clarissa realizes it is also amazingly long. As if a light has gone on Clarissa recognizes the creature to be a satyr, the hoofed and horned servant of the devil. She remembers that they are known to be insatiable in sexual appetite and fears it will be a long and horrible night. Robert howls like a coyote baying at the moon as Clarissa looks up at him in terror. His horns grow from his head and curl slightly. The transformation is complete. 

"Don't worry, you can take it all. And you will love it. Tonight you will truly be filled. All of your holes will experience the ultimate fucking and I will cum so you will be left bathing in a pool of my special seed. I am told my cum taste very sweet," Robert says as he revels in the fearful look in Clarissa’s eyes.

Taking hold of her hair, he yanks Clarissa’s head back and aims his long fat cock at her now gaping mouth. His cum slit is huge and seems to wink at her. 

"Go ahead lick it! You know you want to, whore," he commands. 

Clarissa begins licking his enormous musky cock head. It does not taste the same as when she had Robert's man cock in her mouth. The taste is wild and musky. Clarissa has little time to ponder this. The beast pushes her roughly down his shaft, forcing Clarissa to lick all the way to the point where the pulsating red meat connects with the hairy sheath. Clarissa sees his man like balls have descended from his hairy body. They are huge like those of a bull Clarissa remembers watching her grandfather castrate long ago before the Master took her away to be trained. The evil beast forces Clarissa down and makes her lick and suck his hairy balls. He makes animal-like noises and howls as she struggles to fit his huge cum-filled nuts past her lips. She does everything she can to please him, fearing his wrath would be terrible in the event he was displeased. Clarissa knew Robert to be a cruel human. In this form there is no telling what he might do if angered.

Robert suddenly pulls Clarissa up and once again his cock is on her puffy lips. This time he pushes his pulsating shaft into her mouth. The bulbous, human-like, cock head passes across her lips causing Clarissa’s mouth to stretch wide to accept his girth. She fears he will strangle her if he shoves his fat, beast-like cock into her throat. Clarissa somehow manages to allow the huge head of his cock into her throat. The demon pulls his evil rod out and Clarissa gasps for air. Robert’s evil sounding laugh fills the room. 

"Suck what you can and stroke the rest, you nasty slut! Make me cum good and I will lessen the severity of your first beating, you cock sucking, whore bitch!" he spits out venomously. 

Fearing for her life now, Clarissa sucks up and down as much of his shaft as she can get into her wide-open mouth. She also wraps both hands around the remaining portion of his fuck rod. When he tenses and starts shooting streams of thick cum into her mouth, Clarissa worries she might drown in the goo. The quantity is amazing. The still ejaculating cock slips out of her mouth and she continues stroking the howling beast. Cum shoots all over Clarissa’s face, hair and chest. It is unbelievable how much he shoots on Clarissa as he stands before the young slave howling.  Clarissa sobs as the thick, musky spunk drips from her face and hair to her shoulders.

The not yet sated creature strikes Clarissa with the back of his hand sending her sprawling to the floor. “Shut up you cum loving little cunt!” he screams as his terrifying howls continue. “You know you are loving every minute of this!”

That is in fact part of what brought the tears to Clarissa’s eyes. She was ashamed that she had cum as the beast pumped his cum into her waiting mouth.  Clarissa had always loved making men cum in her mouth. That is why she had first come into the service of the Master. Clarissa knew she was born to be a cum sucking slut. She took great pride in her ability to pleasure men and was glad she had found her place in the world. A place where her talents were appreciated and her desire to be used was not looked on as filthy and disgusting. But now she had taken pleasure in serving a demon creature. She had truly descended into a dark and foreboding place. Clarissa’s mind races as she ponders what had happened to her and what might yet come. 

The beast begins circling Clarissa, as she lay covered in his cum. He kneels and whispers in her ear in a voice that is no longer human, “Relax, slut. You have a long night ahead of you. The Master wishes you to be thoroughly fucked by his minions before he reveals his true form to you.” 

The old lodge is rocked by the cackling howl Robert emits as he once again stands above the helpless young woman. Clarissa can’t take her eyes off the creatures still erect cock, the huge red abomination bobbing about as he circles the cum covered woman. Clarissa is at once repulsed and enticed by his unusual genitalia. She wonders if she will be allowed to taste him again or if his next move will be to impale her pussy with the huge meat. She fears he will tear her in half if her fucks her. 

Clarissa is stunned when the creature looks at her and smiles while saying, “So you do love my cock you fucking filthy whore? I am so glad you want more.”

Clarissa realizes that Robert can hear her thoughts and is more horrified then ever. The beast straddles Clarissa and drops to his knees pinning the slave’s shoulders down hard.  

As his cock waves above her face Robert snarls, “Beg me for another taste whore!”

Clarissa does not speak even though she knows she has no choice but to do his bidding and somewhere deep inside craves another taste of his thick cum.  Suddenly, the creature takes his cock and slaps Clarissa face hard. She can’t believe he could hit her that hard with his cock and not feel intense pain himself. Robert continues slapping her face with his huge hard shaft until her cheeks are glowing red.

“Now beg me, bitch, or I will shove the whole fucking rod down your throat!” Robert screams into the terrified slave’s face. “Tell me what a fucking filthy cum slut whore you are and how much your desire my cock, now!”

“Please let me suck your cock, Master. I need your cum so badly. I want to taste you. I know I am just a lowly nasty cum slut slave who does not deserve such a gift as your cum to eat, but please, please use my mouth as a cunt and let show you what a good whore I am,” Clarissa moans, remembering all of her training.

“Maybe later, bitch,” Robert says spiting in the pathetic slave girl’s face. “Right now I have something else for your enjoyment!”

Clarissa notices the scratching sound at the door as Robert rises to his feet. The creature strides to the large oak door and flings it open effortlessly. Three large wolf-like creatures enter the room.

“Welcome my pets!” Robert says joyously and the three new members of the group join him in a loud howl.

The largest of the three wolves, a female, walks over to Clarissa, who lies motionless even as visions of the massive dog-creatures humping her makes her want to wretch. The alpha female begins to lick Robert’s cum from Clarissa’s chest. Once again to her dismay, Clarissa feels pleasure as the wolf-bitch licks her clean. The giant she-wolf licks every last drop of the foul creature’s seed from Clarissa’s silky white skin and matted hair. Then the dog-like creature nudges Clarissa’s legs apart. Clarissa has no will to resist the snarling hellhound bitch. Clarissa spreads her legs wide and the bitch begins lapping at Clarissa’s gapping slit.  The slave squirms as the wolf’s hot rough tongue repeatedly envelopes her swollen clit and slides across her now wet cunt lips. The wolf-bitch press her muzzle further into Clarissa, her canines pressing against Clarissa’s puffy pussy lips forcing her cunt wide open. The wolf’s nose presses to Clarissa’s clit as the hot tongue finds Clarissa’s g-spot.  Clarissa is transported into a state of euphoria as the she wolf tongue fucks her to an enrapturing orgasm. Clarissa hears her own screams as her body convulses.  Wave after wave of orgasm racks Clarissa’s body and mind until she passed out from sensory overload. 

The she wolf backs away as the three males move slowly toward the still orgasming, young, slave woman. All three of the creatures’ large red cocks are fully extended from the hairy sheaths that normally contain them.  Suddenly, the demon Clarissa knew as Master Robert, lets out a terrifying wail.  The three hellhounds retreat to the corner. As they cower there they are no longer fearsome wolf creatures. First they appear to be mangy mutts then they change to human form. At the same time Robert transforms back to the look Clarissa had known for the past five years.

When Clarissa awakes from her brief orgasm induced comma she sees four familiar people in the room instead of the awful demon creatures she expected. Her mind reels. She wonders had it all been a dream, but no it was too powerful to have been a dream. Master Robert stands over her snarling, but clearly human. His large now human cock hanging down the way it does after he orgasms, neither limp nor erect. Clarissa knows from experience that Robert seems to have an unlimited ability to achieve erection and an even more unlimited supply of thick cum to deliver. In the corner still cowering are three very familiar faces.

Sarah, the Master’s whore mistress, who minutes before had strutted around the room in the persona of the alpha hell hound now sits naked and shivering like a cold, scared little girl. Sarah is the oldest and most respected of the Master’s pets. Only Robert holds a higher position in the strange sexual hierarchy Clarissa had called her home for nearly five years. Two young men are huddled next to Sarah. Andy and Phillip are two of Clarissa’s closest friends. They appear to be around the same age as Clarissa. Phillip is Mistress Sarah’s personal assistant, which gives him a great deal of power to use the Master’s sluts as he sees fit. Unlike Robert, Phillip gets what he wants by being kind and gentle. Andy is the Master’s favorite boy slut and has often been present when the Master used Clarissa. Clarissa usually felt like Andy was being groomed for a bigger role in the Master’s household, even though he seemed much too gentle to be a Sub-Master. 

When Robert clears his throat, all four of the slaves immediately give him their full attention. Clarissa looks up into his cold dark eyes and sees the evil grin on his face. Once again, a feeling of terror grips the helpless young slave. 

“Time for you to get cleaned up bitch! We can’t have the Master’s guest seeing you like this! Take her and prepare her for the rest for the evening, Sarah,” 

Sarah and the two men stand, moving to obey Robert immediately. The two young men go to Clarissa and pull her to her feet. She casts her eyes to the ground as her training dictates she do in the presence of a Master. Clarissa obediently follows the trio up the stairs to her bedroom. As soon as the door loser Clarissa begins to question her three friends.

“Mistress Sarah, please, I do not understand, ma’am. Please, please tell your worthless pet what happening,” Clarissa pleaded.

Sarah says that she will explain what she can as Phillip goes in the other room to prepare Clarissa’s bath.  “Clarissa, you have been in the Master’s household, five years come tomorrow. Our Master has graciously decided that you are worthy to made a permanent member of his family. Tonight is you initiation.”

“But, Mistress, the Master initiated me two years ago when you certified my training as complete,” Clarissa stammers, now thoroughly confused.

“Wow, you really have no idea who our Master truly is do you, my beauty? Well all will be revealed to you in the morning. The Master is giving you an amazing gift..tonight is your final test of loyalty.  Andy, Phillip and I are here to help you. We all went through a night like this to become what we are. Give yourself freely tonight and you will spend eternity blissfully serving the Master.”

“But, but, what are you, ma’am? Eternity? Oh please. I am so confused and frightened,” Clarissa pleads.

“We are whatever the Master wants us to be forever. Come here Andy! How old do you think Andy is Clarissa?”

“About my age, 25.”

“How old was he when you came here?”

Clarissa gasps as the realization hits her that none of these three had aged in the five years she had known them.

“Clarissa, my sweet friend, I came into the service of the Master the day after my nineteenth birthday. It was eight years before He honored me as he honors you tonight. That honor occurred 75 years ago. Phillip was similarly honored over 100 years ago.  From this day forward your human form will remain as young, beautiful and vivacious as it is today,” Andy whispers as he gently caresses Clarissa’s cheek.

Clarissa looks to Mistress Sarah with an obviously puzzled look on her face. Sarah is a beautiful woman, but appears much older then her middle twenties. Clarissa had guessed the Mistress to be about 50. Truly the most beautiful fifty-year-old woman Clarissa had ever seen. Clarissa was puzzled by the thought that Sarah was aging while others were not.

“Clarissa my dear child, I came into the service of the Master later in life then most. I was honored to be selected at my age. Of course it is that maturity that helped me gain my position. Besides I look damn good for someone celebrating the 200th anniversary of her rebirth next month!” Sarah explains, having read Clarissa’s thoughts.

“Of course Mistress, you are the most beautiful of the Master’s servants!” Clarissa stammers, fearing she has offended Mistress Sarah.

“Enough, slut! It is time you got washed!” 

Andy and Sarah lead Clarissa to the bath. Sarah leaves Clarissa to be bathed by the handsome young men and returns to the bedroom. Master Robert stands in the middle of the room with his arms folded on his chest and his feet spread slightly. Sarah hates and loves Robert. Robert is the only one other then the Master who has dominion over Sarah. Though his cruelty is somewhat kept in check by Sarah’s status with the Master, he still handles Sarah roughly on occasion. However, he is also a powerful amazing sex partner. They have shared many howling orgasms that have shook the walls of her bedchamber and awaking the sluts in her charge. 

“How much did you tell the Bitch? I know she is your nasty little pet whore!” Robert snarls.

“I told her only what the Master wants her to know at this point, Robert,” Sarah answered using his first name as she always did. Sarah had to obey his commands but she could get away with a little disrespect. “After tonight you are going to have to change you attitude about Clarissa. The Master is very fond of her.”

Robert strides menacingly toward Sarah and speaks in his most threatening tone, “Listen Whore Mistress! I will be the judge of my appropriate attitude! You may think your rule is absolutely secure, but you best not forget your place SLUT!”

With that Robert grabs Sarah and pulls her tight to his body. He presses his mouth hard to her and his long serpent like tongue slides into her mouth. His tongue nearly reaches the back of her throat. Sarah feels her loins begin to ache as she recalls the last time Robert fucked her with his incredible tongue. Trying to regain control, Sarah takes her hand and gently massages Robert’s forehead. As she touches the small barely perceptible bumps on the edges of his forehead and his horns emerge slightly. Sarah knows exactly how to control and pleasure Robert. She moves her lips to his forehead and gently sucks on the emerging bumps. Robert whimpers as Sarah uses her lips and tongue to tease his horn buds. The horns grow to about two inches, his human horns as Robert calls them. Sarah returns her lips to his and sucks his long thick tongue into her moist mouth. Robert’s whimpers become moans and he pulls Sarah tight to his body. His long thick cock presses into her. She releases his tongue and purrs, “FUCK ME, Master!”

Robert picks her up and carries her to the bed. He pants heavily. Hearing Sarah’s words has nearly pushed him over the edge. He throws her on the bed and climbs between her legs. Robert holds himself above Sarah as if preparing to do pushups and plunges his massive meat deep into Sarah’s waiting cunt. Sarah feels a fullness that only two beings can give her, the Master and Robert. No other comes close. Robert feels her pussy grab him and pull him into her. He begins humping her forcefully. His animal howls growing as his balls contract pushing his fluid to the surface. 

Sarah wraps her legs around him pulling him tight to her and screams, “FUCK ME! Oh God, make me cum Master! Fill you slut full!”
