 Hey everyone! If you haven't checked out the first chapter, you should do that first. Thank you all for the love on the previous chapter, I hope you enjoy this one just as much! 

===

Nikki gripped the bedsheets, taking deep breaths. She remembered her mother once telling her when she was a kid that if she wanted to calm down, all she had to do was breathe. In through her nose, out through her mouth. 

In through her nose. 

Out through her mouth. 

In.

Out.

In. 

Out.

Her unfamiliar breasts moved ever so slightly as her chest went up and down. These weren't her boobs. This wasn't her face. This wasn't her curse! Nikki's breathing sped up as her thoughts drifted back to her current predicament. 

As her breathing became more irregular, she felt a hand grip her own. She opened her eyes to see Mindy giving her a concerned look. "Are you okay, Nikki?" she asked, her bitchy tone replaced by something gentler. Nicole wasn't sure if this was a part of the old Mindy coming back, or if Skyler was more complicated than either of them thought. 

"Yes... No... I don't know! This is insane, Mindy. I didn't even believe in magic a few days ago, and now I'm living it. It was a little scary when I switched things with you, but at least you're pretty. Now I can't orgasm again unless I want to become a freak!"

Mindy winced a bit, causing Nicole to immediately feel regret. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean... I'm just upset, I didn't mean to hurt you," she said softly. 

"No, it's alright, I get it. But I mean... You could always just try to give the curse to someone else," Mindy suggested. 

"But I don't have any control over it. I don't want to have a bunch of weird swaps before I can get rid of it, if I even do. No, I think my best bet is to ward off orgasms and sex forever," said Nicole. 

Mindy frowned at that, internally disappointed that she can't have sex with Nikki anymore. "Are you absolutely sure?"

"I... Yes. I'm sure," replied Nicole, sitting up on the bed. She remembered that she was still holding Mindy's hand and after a few more seconds, she let go. "I'm going to look up ways to lower my sex drive," she said as she stood up. 

"Wait, can't you just do that here? On your phone?" Mindy asked.

Nikki shook her head. "No, I need to get out of here for a little while. I'll be back, I promise. I just want to do this on my own."

"Okay, text me if you need anything, babe- I mean, Nikki," Mindy said, correcting herself. Nicole just nodded and walked out of the dorm room, leaving the futa to herself. 

Mindy let out a sigh and closed her eyes after lying down on her bed. Her mind was at war with itself. On one hand, she was finally free of the curse. She could cum whenever and wherever, and she wouldn't have to worry about her life changing anymore. But on the other hand, she just ruined her best friend's life even more than she already had. 

She was surprised that she wasn't upset about her body being stuck how it was. Perhaps it was because of her personality change, or maybe it was the sex she had with Nikki, but she was starting to love her body. She had an adorable face, two large and perky boobs, an ass to rival Kim Kardashian's, and the sex drive of a rabbit. She even didn't mind her new dick. It felt really good to use, and she knew that some people would pay good money to see a sexy woman with a cock. 

So, no, she wasn't upset that she couldn't change back to normal. In fact, she thought that she'd miss changing traits all of the time. As scary as it was at times, it was also exciting. But now, it was gone... Unless she could make Nikki cum.

Her small pink lips turned upwards into a smile at the possibilities. Maybe she could keep making her cum until they switched every possible trait. Maybe they could switch the same trait back and forth. And maybe, just maybe, she could give Nikki her sex drive, and she'd be forced to have more and more sex. This would be fun. 

--

Six hours after the life-changing incident, Nicole went back to her dorm. She walked into an unfortunately familiar sight. Mindy was lying on her stomach again, with her dark butt proudly facing the cieling. This time however, it was clothed- if you could really call it that. Mindy was wearing a thin black thong that dug into her asshole and accentuated her large cheeks. She stood up then, as if she didn't already know Nicole was standing there. 

Her chest was garbed similarly, a very small black bikini top barely supporting the boobs that Nicole carried around for 19 years of her life. She could honestly say that they never looked this arousing before. As for her crotch, the thong must have been too uncomfortable, so the front was adjusted in a way that allowed her cock to hang out from between her legs, completely exposed. It was already erect, as if it had been waiting for Nikki. 

Even Mindy's face was more attractive than normal. Her makeup had to have been done by an artist. Her smoky eye was perfectly shaped, her lips full and luscious, and she even had contour on, highlighting her cheekbones and facial structure. Nikki could even imagine for a moment that this wasn't her own face. This was something new, born of orgasmic pleasure. 

Mindy smiled, a dazzling sight. "Hello, Nicole. Welcome back," she said, her voice dripping confidence and seduction. 

"M-mindy... What is... All this?" Nicole stammered, trying to keep her eyes focused on the clock on the wall. 

"Oh, you like?" She moved her body around so that Nikki could see her ass once again. "I figured that this new body of mine was too sexy for t-shirts and baggy pants. Besides, we are lovers now. Why wouldn't you want to see me in something more... arousing?"

"We're not... I don't... I..." Nicole trailed off as Mindy started touching herself, squeezing her tits together and running a finger up the length of her penis. 

"What was that, dear?" Mindy asked, her lips twisted into a devious smile, her eyes looking at Nikki like a predator eyes a prey. 

Nicole closed her eyes and remembered her breathing technique, focusing on decisively unsexy things. She kept her eyes closed as she spoke. "I know what you're trying to do, Mindy. But my answer is no, and that's final. We can't have sex together anymore, and you know why. I don't mind if you... masturbate, but I want nothing to do with it."

Mindy sighed. She was sure that she had her, but even Skyler's morals weren't bad enough to have her do something to someone who said no. But then, she had an idea. Nikki said that the two of them couldn't fuck anymore... But that didn't mean that she couldn't "arrange" for people to seduce her. 

--

Mindy spent the next few weeks being a camgirl. At first, she would only show one part of her body, like her ass or her boobs so that the public wouldn't think anything strange was going on with her body. But after a few days, she got greedy. Sure, she got decent money from having a sexy ass or bouncy tits, but her viewers demanded more, so she gave it to them. She showed her entire mismatched body on camera and quickly became richer than she'd ever been in her life. 

Sure, some people were suspcious of a mostly white girl with a black woman's ass and a natural cock and balls. But thankfully, she lived in a time where people doubted everything. Special effects this, photoshop that, makeup here, costumes there. For the most part though, it seemed that the people who viewed her streams thought with their genitalia, not their brains. She was shocked at how much money people would pay to see her play with her boobs or jack her cock while moaning femininely or fuck her own ass with a dildo. And the best part was, she was enjoying it. She loved playing with herself and she absolutely loved showing off her body.

As fun as Mindy was having satisfying her apparent exhibitionism fetish, there was a reason for it. She wanted the best escort that money could buy. She needed to be absolutely sure that this woman could make Nikki orgasm, preferably multiple times. She also happened to know that Nikki had a particular affinity for African American women, which is why she thought for sure that her chocolate rear would make the bisexual girl cave in. 

After looking through a number of probably illegal sites and talking to some of her loyal followers, she found the perfect seductress. She went by the name Sugar Cube and oh how sweet she was. Her pictures flaunted her dark complexion, beautiful face, ample breasts, and a larger and rounder version of Mindy's butt. She accepted all genders but specialized in giving vaginal oral sex, the customer reviews testifying to that fact. Mindy messaged her immediately and explained her situation, though she did omit some important details. The price was one that would make the old Mindy cry but the new Mindy could handle it easily. She gave Sugar the address and smiled to herself as she planned a getaway for the night, first stopping at the store to buy some strawberries.

--

Nicole flipped the page of the fantasy novel she was reading. Some of the sites she saw on the internet said that one of the best ways to get her mind off of sex was distraction, something that wouldn't arouse her. So, she picked a young adult fantasy series and found herself really invested in the story and the characters. In the midst of living a battle between elves and orcs, she heard a knock at the door. She knew it couldn't be Mindy because she was out on a "date" for the night so she put the bookmark in her novel and opened the door. 

In front of her was the most beautiful woman she'd ever seen. She had dark chocolate skin, full breasts, shapely hips, and the most angelic face imaginable. Nikki tried not to stare at the Goddess before her but her eyes rebelled. It was as if someone clicked 10 for sexiness on a character creator, and then hacked it to make it a 12. The woman didn't seem to mind Nikki's ogling, but she stopped anyways, forcing herself to look in her eyes. "Um... hi."

The woman smiled "Hello there. Are you Nicole?" 

"Me, Nicole, yes, I mean... Yes, I am." 

"Wonderful. I heard that you were the one to go to for a good time." 

"A good time...? Where did you hear that?" 

"Just a little birdy. Now may I please come in?" 

Nicole felt like it was a sin to refuse such an irresistibly sexy woman. Besides, she was alone and didn't seem to have any place to hold a weapon. So, she let her in. "So um, what's your name?" 

"Call me Sugar, baby," the woman replied as she closed the door behind her and strutted over to Nikki. 

"I-it's nice to meet you, Sugar... What are you doing?" 

Sugar was pressing her body against the white girl, wrapping her arms around her waist. She kissed Nikki gently yet passionately, her lips as soft as they come. She smiled as she replied "Giving you a good time. Just relax, please." 

With her lust acting for her, Nicole kissed the strange woman back, letting her push her onto her bed. Sugar groped Nikki's breasts as she made out with her before pulling the college student's shorts down. She smiled at the cute white panties and the wet spot near the front. "Someone's excited, huh?" 

"I um... we shouldn't..."

Regardless of should or shouldn't, Sugar did. She took off her panties and put her tongue to Nikki's crotch. Before she could stop her, Sugar was licking Nicole's pussy in a way that she didn't even know was possible. It felt so much better than any oral she'd ever received to the point that she would have called it magic if she didn't know any better. Wait... magic! How could she have forgotten about the curse? "A-ah Sugar, please, I- ahhhh!" 

The white girl's attempts to stop her seemed only to encourage the older woman, her tongue moving faster than before. Nikki's clit felt like it was on fire, in the best way possible. "St-st-ahhh fuck yes!" Her body shook and quivered as she orgasmed. One look at the woman between her legs immediately told her what swap just took place. 

Sugar was now a white woman. She still had an impossibly large rear, gorgeous breasts, and dark curly hair, but her chocolate skin was now as vanilla as a girl who only liked missionary position. Nikki didn't have to look at her body to know that she now possessed a dark skin tone. The formerly African American girl looked up at her sexual partner, then down at herself, her face twisted in an expression of horror. 

Nicole noted that Sugar's face and boobs were now a different color than the rest of her body. And, as she looked in the mirror, she saw that what was once her roommate's face was now black. Interestingly, they didn't change race or ethnicity. Nikki's facial features were still European, like Mindy's family- she thought she remembered hearing Mindy say that she had Greek ancestors. Neither did they change skin, as Nicole still had the dark birthmark on her leg, it was just much harder to see now. 

"What the FUCK did you do to me, bitch??" said Sugar, looking at Nicole with pure rage in her eyes. 

"I-I'm sorry, I didn't do it on purpose, it's just that whenever I-" Nicole tried to explain. 

"Ugh whatever, I'll just get a shit ton of tans. Your friend better pay me triple for this." Sugar said as she stood up.

"Wait... Friend? What?"

"Yeah, Mindy Walker. She paid me to make you cum, but the bitch didn't say anything about me turning white!" the escort said, as she left the apartment. 

Nikki didn't care about her breathing after the woman left, letting herself be enfueled by rage. "Mindy, I'm gonna kill you," the new black woman said to herself.

--

Mindy walked into her apartment with a grin already on her face, but it got wider when she saw her roommate. Last night, she had gotten many angry messages from Sugar, demanding she pay extra. It took most of her profit from her camshows, but she gave Sugar everything she asked for, as well as some extra cash to make sure she wouldn't sue or tell anyone about what happened. But it was all worth it to see Nicole with a delicious skin color. Her roommate looked even better than she imagined based on what Sugar had said, and her confined cock throbbed in her panties when she finally saw her, her legs crossed, and her face angry. 

"Mindy, you-"

"I know, I know. I was stupid, terrible, an awful friend, and downright despicable. You wish that we weren't roommates, you wish I didn't give you that stupid curse, and maybe you even wish we never met."

Nikki sighed. "This would've been easier if you defended yourself."

Mindy smiled and sat down on her bed, facing Nicole. "Would it help if I said you look sexy?" 

Nikki lowered her head, and Mindy swore she could see the girl's dark cheeks redden a bit. "I do, don't I? I've always thought that black was my color." 

The futanari smirked; she had her right where she wanted her. "And now you're the race that you find so beautiful and sexy. I wonder how it would feel to orgasm as a black woman." 

Nikki bit her lip. "I... No, I can't." Despite her words, her hands were moving down to her thighs, gently stroking the chocolate colored flesh. 

"Just one more orgasm couldn't hurt, right? You could even do what I did. Do it near someone you hate, someone who deserves to lose something." 

"But... What if I get one of their bad traits like you did? Er, no offense." 

"Nah, I know I'm a bitch, and I'm proud of it. Well, you could also be near an absolutely perfect person, someone who doesn't have any negative aspects. Like Anna." 

Nikki bit her lip at the thought of Anna. The senior had the body of a model and the personality of an angel. She was beautiful in every sense of the word. Her body wasn't sexy like Skyler's or Sugar's but instead, it was gorgeous, with honey blonde hair, a serene face, firm breasts, and childbearing hips. She was also kind, smart, and funny. 

The only part of her life that seemed to not fit in was Seth. If she was an angel, he was a devil. He was constantly in trouble with the law, he smoked, drank a lot, and almost never went to class. Nicole couldn't see any redeeming qualities in him, and she had no idea why Anna would date someone like him. People rumored that he probably had a huge cock. 

Nikki shook her head to dispel the thoughts of the local "bad boy". Her mind went back to Anna, and she looked up at Mindy, already knowing her decision. "I'll do it." 

--

Thankfully for Nikki, Anna lived on the same floor as them, and all it took was to stand in the hallway in order to see when the blonde girl would go to the showers. When she did, Nicole took her shower bag and followed her in after a few minutes, so as to not be too creepy. She made sure that no one else was in the showers, and she stepped into the shower next to Anna. Mindy was watching outside of the room to prevent anyone else from going in there, stating that someone had an "accident". Nicole slowly undressed, letting her hands explore her body while she started the water. 

While she knew that despite the color, her breasts and face were the only part of her body to not originally be her own, it didn't feel that way. She might as well have swapped her entire body for how different it looked and felt. Her nipples hardened under her touch while her vagina moistened. She didn't just want to quickly get off, she wanted to savor the feeling. 

She rubbed her clitoris as she pinched her nipples, moaning softly. The idea that Anna could hear her turned her on more. She teased her entrance with the tip of her finger, gasping as she penetrated herself. She squeezed her smaller but, as she found out, more sensitive boobs, being fascinated by how they could feel so similar yet so different at the same time. Nicole fingered her newly dark pussy while a finger of her other hand entered her asshole. The feeling sent her over the edge and she forced herself to keep quiet as she orgasmed. 

Looking down at her body, she couldn't tell what changed. She touched her face and hair, but those still felt the same. She closed her eyes and did a mental check. Her personality didn't seem to change. She was still attracted to women, as well as men, especially Seth of course. He was her boyfriend after all. 

Wait, something felt odd about that. She racked her mind, focusing on Seth, trying to figure out what changed. She still loved him dearly and she felt a warm tingle in her body as she pictured his tall and lean but muscluar frame, as well as that perfect cock of his. She remembered the countless times they had wonderful, passionate sex. 

Nikki thought back to when they first got together, how she originally thought he was a douchebag, but she learned that there was a much softer and more sensitive side to him. She recalled when he told her about when his Mom died, and how his father abused him. How emotional she felt, how she wanted to comfort him and help him forget about all of his troubles. She'd been trying to help him quit smoking and drinking, but she knew that those were his coping methods and that addiction isn't easy to cure.

For the life of her, Nicole couldn't figure out what had changed. Then, she had a sinking feeling. What if, somehow, she traded her relationship with Seth, with Anna? She quickly dried off and grabbed her phone, rapidly texting who she hoped was still her boyfriend. "Babe, are we still together?" she texted. 

Thankfully, after less than a minute later, he replied. "Of course we are. Everything okay, honey bear?" Nicole let out the breath she didn't know she was holding, and smiled. She always felt better when he called her "honey bear". 

"It is now. We still on for tonight?" 

"Definitely. See you at 8" 

In all of the confusion relating to Seth, Nikki forgot a huge detail. She had changed, and Seth was obviously going to notice. Would he still love her? Would he still find her sexy? She tried to calm herself. 'Of course he will, he loves me. But what do I tell him? I can't just lie to him,' Nicole thought to herself as she got dressed. She exited the bathroom, all but forgetting about Anna. 
