 Hey everyone, sorry for the long wait, I sorta lost motivation for this story but I got it back! Thanks to Literotica user tripletrip for a few of the ideas in this chapter. Also, I decided to start putting all of the changes so far at the beginning of the chapter as a reminder. 

Mindy: Hair with her brother, sexual orientation with straight guy, ass with black woman, sex drive with Brittany (the slut), face with Nikki, genitalia with a guy, personality with Skyler (the bitch), opinion on strawberries with Nikki, the curse with Nikki, and breasts with Nikki.

Nicole: Face with Mindy, opinion on strawberries with Mindy, the curse with Mindy, breasts with Mindy, skin color with Sugar (the black woman), feelings for Seth (the bad boy) with Anna (the "perfect" girl"), and clothing style with Seth. 

---

Alexandros was a simple man. He was a farmer in a small town in Ancient Greece and for most of his life, he lived in the most boring, mundane way imaginable. However, one day, an old woman came to his doorstep. 

"Please, sir, do you have some food to spare for a poor old woman?" 

Alexandros did not in fact have food to spare; he had just enough for himself, his wife, and his two children. However, he believed that kindness was very important, and that if he could help someone, the world may be just a slightly better place. So, he gave the old woman a plate of food and watched her eat, his own stomach rumbling. When she finished, she looked up at him and smiled. What he saw however was not a toothy grin, but rather the most beautiful, full-teeth smile he had ever seen. The beauty seemed to spread, from her mouth, to her face, and the rest of her body. No longer was this a shriveled old woman but the most beautiful woman- no, more than that- the very concept of beauty personified. 

Alexandros' body responded to the very presence of the woman before him, his arousal reaching heights even greater than when he was a teenager. His eyes seemed glued to her gorgeous curves, her amazing breasts, her angelic face. This was no woman, this was a Goddess. There was not a doubt in his mind: Aphrodite, the Goddess of Love, Sex, and Beauty stood in front of Alexandros, nude and grateful. And then, she spoke. 

"I have traveled this land for weeks, and you are the first to choose kindness over personal needs. For that, I give you a gift. Rather than explain, I think it best if I show you what I have to offer." 

And with that, the Goddess was lying spread-eagle on his bed. There was no decision here, no free will. This was the most primal, animalistic movement Alexandros had ever made. He entered this incarnation of sex itself, and was immediately rewarded with the most pleasurable sensation beyond imagination, his very existence being transformed into pleasure. After the feeling subsided, he fell to the ground, his sense of balance seeming to fail him. He quickly discovered the culprit: on his chest laid the largest, most perfect breasts imaginable. With a gasp, he looked back at the goddess and noticed that her chest now lacked her glorious melons, now instead being flat and boring. 

"W-what happened?" Alexandros said, trying to recover from his orgasm as well as the sudden appearance of his new assets. 

Aphrodite explained this power to him, what had happened, and how it would work from now on. 

Alexandros was flabbergasted, barely able to speak. He mindlessly groped his bosom, looking back to the Goddess. She waved her hand over her chest, and a perfect copy of Alexandros' new breasts reappeared on her. With that, she was gon-

---

Nikki was interrupted by Mindy grunting. Apparently, something about the story made her roommate horny, as she was currently rubbing her bulge through her blue jeans, groaning as the tight material constricted her recent addition. Nikki sighed. "I told you you should've worn something looser." 

"What? No, it's fine, it's hot like this. I love being able to show off my curves. Especially this one." She emphasized the last sentence by rubbing her bulge faster and harder. Nicole rolled her eyes. 

"Mindy, you know I'm not going to help you with that." 

"Yeah, yeah, I know. Anyways, just summarize the rest of it, I wanna finish this so that I can finish." 

Nikki nodded and skimmed through the rest of the paper. "Huh, weird. Everyone accepted him as a product of the gods. They even celebrated him and his perfect breasts. People would pay to have sex with him or at least be the closest person to him at the time of his orgasm. It seems like he switched hair color, muscle strength with a young woman, pain tolerance, ancestral background, penis length with a large man, and finally, he swapped his desire to have sex with an 18 year old virgin. He stopped orgasming after that and lived to the ripe old age of 40. And that's it." 

"Great. So how's that help us?" 

Nicole took a moment to think about it. "Well, I guess we can think of it as a gift rather than a curse." 

Mindy nodded, moving a hand to her large black ass while staring at her best friend's braless chest. "I definitely consider it a gift now. You should do the same." 

The now-black woman gave Mindy a mean look. "Of course you consider it a gift, you can orgasm without fear of losing something important." 

Mindy shrugged. "Hey, if it started as a blessing or whatever, maybe it's made so that nothing negative happens. I mean, think about it, have you had any swaps that you're upset about now?" 

Nicole sighed but sat on the desk and self-reflected. She was a little upset that she lost her breast size but Seth showed her that her nipples being more sensitive was a major plus. She loved Seth now so that definitely wasn't anything bad. She also had to admit that she looked hotter with the darker skin, and she loved how her new leather clothes felt and looked. "I guess... I guess not." 

Mindy jumped up and down in glee, her larger boobs bouncing with her. "Yay! That means we get to fuck!" 

"No. I still have a boyfriend." 

Mindy pouted at that. "Aww c'mon... What if we masturbate near each other?"

Nicole bit her lip, trying to decide. Reading and talking about orgasms definitely turned her on, her vagina begging for attention. She was definitely going to want to masturbate tonight, and there was no one that she would've wanted to switch something with than Mindy. "Fine. But we're doing it in separate rooms, I want some privacy." 

Mindy smiled wide and hugged her best friend, their chests and crotches once again meeting each other. Nikki wondered if she did that on purpose and if there might need to be a rule about it from now on.

---

The college girls each laid on a bed in neighboring rooms, Mindy in her own room, Nicole in the guest room. It wasn't difficult for either of them to get off, pent up from reading about Alexandros and Aphrodite. Nikki alternated between rubbing her aroused clit and inserting her fingers inside herself, while Mindy simply pumped her shaft, silently noting how much simpler masturbating with a dick is. They both orgasm at around the same time but unfortunately for them, something went awry, as seems to always happen. 

Mindy's mother walked through the hallway as the girls pleasured themselves, stopping in front of the guest room to pick up a wrapper. When she stood back up, something felt off. She was just about to go into her studio to paint as she usually does, but strangely, she didn't want to. It wasn't that she suddenly hated art, she just didn't have a passion for it anymore. She shrugged and walked away, considering selling her art supplies. 

Meanwhile, as Nikki came down from her orgasm, she started to think about art and how much she wanted to start painting. The only problem is that she didn't have any practice. She shrugged, considering buying art supplies. 

---

Later, after Nikki found out what happened, a certain dickgirl was very disappointed. "Ugh, we didn't switch anything? I thought I felt something different but I guess not. Can we do it again?" Mindy asked, with a bit of a whine in her voice. 

"What? No, I'm not horny anymore, one is enough for me." Nikki replied, changing her black T-shirt for an almost identical different black T-shirt. 

"Ugh, well I /am/ horny again. I hope you switch libidos with a slut like I did, so you'd have no choice but to get a ton of switches." 

Nicole started shaking her head before Mindy even finished the sentence. "Hell no. Even if you're right and switches are always positive, I don't want too much change in my life."

"Why not? I have a different personality and my genitalia is different, and I'm craving more."

"And my race and relationship status changed, that's enough for me," Nikki replied, getting more annoyed with this conversation by the minute. "Look, I know you want more changes. And maybe it /will/ happen. But not yet, I don't want to force anything. Do you know what I mean?" 

Mindy sighed but nodded. "Yeah, I do. It's weird, I can kinda remember how I was before switching with Skyler, but I don't know /why/ I was like that, it almost seems like that was someone else, not really me. I remember how against this "curse" I was, how terrified I was that a simple orgasm would ruin my life. But I think I'm happier like this. Not having a fear of change, just living my life."

Without warning, Nikki hugged her best friend. She didn't care what parts were rubbing against what, she just wanted to embrace her. "I'm sorry if I've given you a hard time lately. You're my best friend, I want you to know that. I love you, Mindy." 

Mindy locked her lips with Nikki, gently pushing her onto the bed. The shorter girl gasped in surprise. "Mindy!" 

Mindy kissed and caressed her friend, grabbing her former breasts in just the right way, moving her hand in between the new artist's legs.

Nikki sighed out loud. "Mindy... I... I can't do this. I have a boyfriend." 

Mindy groaned on top of her. "I'm sure he'd be okay with it. Look, you can't just hug me and tell me that you love me when my hormones are like this." 

"I didn't mean it like that!" She argued, raising her voice. 

"Then say what you mean, for fuck's sake!"

"Fine! I don't want to be around you anymore!" 

The room went silent. Mindy got off of Nikki and walked to the other side of the guest room. "Fine. Then leave. I'll buy you a taxi and a hotel room if you want." 

Nicole felt a tear in the back of her eye, but she couldn't change her mind at this point. "O-okay." 

---

Nikki flopped onto the hotel bed, burying her face in the pillow. She barely shared a word with Mindy since their fight and she hated it. She looked at her phone next to her, wondering if she should text her and apologize. 

She shook her head and set her phone on the bedstand. She didn't have to apologize, it wasn't her fault. It was Mindy who did this, who brought this problem into her life. She's the one to blame, if it wasn't for her awful family cur- she cut herself off by taking a deep breath. 

Getting angry wouldn't solve anything. Besides, Mindy was right. It's not a curse, it's so far only made positive or neutral swaps. In fact, she's started to be glad for her most recent passion for art as it's helped her appreciate the beauty of the world and life in general. 

She remembered when she first learned about Mindy's curs- no, her power. She was excited about what her friend might switch with Skyler, one of the hottest girls in their college. She missed that excitement, she hated that this has turned into such a negative thing. The way that Nikki saw it was that there was only a few ways to fix this "curse". She could stop orgasming for forever, which she's decided that she can't do. Sure, she's not as horny as Mindy but she's definitely not a prude, she loved sex as much as the next bisexual college girl. Another option would be to hope that she switches having the curse with someone like Mindy did to her, but that's incredibly rare, it only happened once over thousands of years. 

The only other choice she had to make sure this curse didn't ruin her life, then, was to not see it as a curse. She couldn't keep getting angry and upset at every change, she had to get used to it, and more importantly, she had to start loving it. With that thought, Nikki got out of bed, slipped on her shoes and coat, and grabbed a her wallet. She was going to get some sex toys. 

---

Twenty minutes later, Nicole was bringing herself to orgasm as much as she could. For the first one, she stayed in her room, using a simple vibrator, letting the classic design prove its modern usefulness. After coming down from her high, she felt an extra weight on her chest. For a moment, she had thought she'd gotten larger breasts but no, they still looked the same. As she got up to better investigate them, she felt some kind of sloshing on her chest. 

Nikki had a sudden realization of what had happened. She wanted to prove her theory but she didn't want to make a mess. So, she went to the hotel lobby, grabbed a styrofoam cup, and went back to her room. Not knowing exactly how much pressure she would need to do this, she started very gently squeezing her boobs, near her nipples. With a little extra pressure, she noticed white liquid coming out of her nipple, slowly filling the cup. 

Nikki tried not to drop the cup in surprise. She had guessed that she had switched the capacity of her boobs to fill up with milk with a recent mother, but to actually see it happen was another thing entirely. She looked at the liquid, smelled it, and slowly brought it to her lips. However, she stopped at the last minute. This wasn't hers, not really at least. It was a very strange middle ground of morality and she wasn't sure if she wanted to walk that road. Instead, she squeezed some more milk into the cup, and dumped it down the sink. She bounced a bit, sorta liking the feeling. It was weird but exciting. She wondered if Seth would want to suck her nipples and drink her milk. 

The thought aroused her, which just excited her even more. She didn't really want to switch something else with the mother though, she wanted something different. So, Nikki put a few sex toys in her purse and went to the ladies' bathroom. As she walked in, she saw a pretty white girl with blonde hair and a petite body around her own age walking into a stall. She decided to go into the stall next to her, hoping that she'd be the one she switched something with. 

As Nikki pulled out a dildo from her purse and pulled down her pants and underwear, she suddenly heard something coming very closely to her. It was quiet and muffled but she knew for sure what it was: the girl next to her was moaning. She could even hear the slight sounds of her fingers touching the wetness of her pussy. This excited her even more than she already was, so she started to fuck herself with the dildo, wondering what would happen if she confronted the girl aout it.

Nicole made sure that her masturbation could be heard from the other stall, moaning quietly as well. It might've just been her imagination but it sounded like the masturbating white girl started speeding up, touching herself at a faster pace. This just made her even hornier, quickly granting her the orgasm she wanted. 

The change was immediate and obvious. She could tell by the way the dildo felt inside of her, she only had to look down to know what had happened. She swapped vaginas with the blonde girl. It was white and shaved in a classic "landing strip", the light blonde pubic hair barely even noticeable. She could tell that the girl had just orgasmed as well, perhaps a second before her own climax. She changed her position so that she could see her new glistening pink folds, contrasting greatly with her dark skin. 

She suddenly heard an exasperated cry from within the neighboring stall. "W-what the fuck? Why do I have a black pussy?!?" 

Nicole was at a crossroads, not sure if she should explain it or just stay quiet. Her fear of being found out decided for her, keeping her right where she was. The woman quickly left the bathroom, perhaps to go to a doctor's, or have a cigarette. Now, perhaps Nikki should have been done at this point. But her new pussy disagreed with her, seeming to want more. So, she gave it what it wanted. 

Her next orgasm didn't take long, her aroused sex feeling even better than her original one, allowing her to ride the wave of pleasure quicker than normal. She heard someone come in right as she came, her mind whirling with the possibilities. 

Just like the previous one, this change was immediately noticeable. Nikki looked down and noticed that the ground was a little farther away from her than it normally was. She stood up and it was impossible to not notice her new height. She had to have been about 5'11" now, a stark contrast to her previous height of 5'4". Suddenly, she heard the stall next to her slam open, and, shockingly, her own stall door opened as if on its own, the lock disengaging without anyone touching it. 

In front of her was a short- assumedly now 5 feet and 4 inches- woman with purple hair, very pale skin, and extremely bright blue eyes, so bright that they seemed to almost be glowing. She was wearing a black corset, a black and purple skirt, and long black heels. If Nicole wasn't frantically trying to cover herself, she'd probably become aroused again. 

"What the fuck are you? You're not a witch, that's for sure. You've got a strange aura that I can't discern. It's close to human but not quite. So? What are you?" 

---

Aaaaand that's it for this chapter! Sorry for the cliffhanger, but don't worry, the difference in chapters won't be as long as last time. If you have any ideas, suggestions, or requests for swaps, feel free to put them in the comments! No guarantee I'll use them, but it's definitely possible.