 Android two

Finding my way

She was up on her knees, crawling up to me. As she got to me she sat back on her heels and resumed undoing the coat. Underneath she was wearing sexy see through panties and a yellow lacy bra. She bundled it and threw it of the side of the bed, shoes following before she turned and peeled the bedcover back.

My cock was on the starter marks and was off and running, climbing past half mast and heading rapidly up.

She lay across me and we kissed, I responded fencing and wrestling her tongue till she tired and twisting up pushed her breast to my mouth. Her nipple was hard as my tongue brushed it, I pressed firm against it and waggled my tongue, then let it lick around the areola, my hand was finding the other one, taking it with my thumb and forefinger.

She wriggled on top of me, my rampant cock slid across her pussy, my shaft lodging between her lips. She pushed herself up and began sliding back and fore on it, letting her clit ride the lumps and ridges of the veins.

It took some three or four minutes to bring her first climax. Her knees gripping my sides as her back arched and her hands gripped my thighs, the grimace on her face was for joy. And then she softened, her face took a relaxed smile as her weight came down on me.

She leaned forward fully onto me and straightened her legs, stretching up to give me a quick kiss before sliding down. I don't think she meant to but her vagina and my cock had a close encounter and became much better acquainted. 

She gasped as I penetrated her, she took my head and a full inch before she jerked back, keeping just my head inside her. Whatever her plans were she changed them and pushed on, driving it deeper inside her.

I felt her tight little hunny pot slide down me, her head bobbing as she took more in with every jerk. Then as she took the whole length she pushed herself up and started a full ride after the earlier side-saddle.

She began slow, 'Mming' and 'Ahing', as she got comfortable and began raise the tempo, she carried on pounding for minutes more before her tremor and little squeak announced the main event. She leant forward, her hands slipping from my chest to my sides as she grasped my skin there.

She was panting above me, perspiration glistening on her, with a look of sheer delight on her face, the orgasm fairy had been generous with her wand. 

Then her mouth fell open.

"God, if you're not a droid then I could get pregnant!" 

"You got a plan B?"

"Of course," she said, rejecting my help. "Clauda will have to know to take a dose just in case."

As she got lost in thought my cock slipped out of her.

"Oh," she complained. "Now look."

She turned and slipped to the side.

"You're a much bigger problem real than you were as a nobody," she said with a sigh. "My real worry is who did this," she carried on. "Who can spirit you into a closed unit like this? You were bound to recover."

She was lay at my side, we'd both turned to each other.

"Tomorrows another day, the lifetime of tonight away," she said softly. "Tonight I want you to beat Clauda and give me five."

My cock started hardening. She looked as I looked to watch the foreskin slowly peel back as it grew erect. As her hand reached for it I caught it, and sat up. Rolling over onto my knees and dragging her to the side of the bed. I slipped down between her knees and spread her legs.

She propped herself up on an elbow.

"Fra, oh sorry Frank, I was just joking about the five, just make me feel special, fill me up with pleasure."

I turned my head to her pussy, gaping wide in front of me. I put my hand to cover it, pressing firmly as I ground it with my palm, before starting to gently caress it. I divided my fingers to stroke both lips, spreading her juices along its length before moving back to use my palm again.

I let my palm slip up to her clit while my other hand provided the two fingers to penetrate her slippery hunny pot. I drew a few 'Ah's' as my fingers worked inside her and a sweet shivery jerk as they found her G spot.

While my fingers worked their magic I drew my palm off, bending my head in to let my tongue take up residence and control of her clit. My tongue stroked over it, then round it, circling it like a moth around bright flames, dipping nearer and nearer the source.

She was fully aroused, her body twitching and hips pushing into me as her breath shortened, my hand pistoned away while my tongue worked her hard nub, creating swirling designs and sensuous flicks as the waves of pleasure lifted her.

Her hands pressed into the stubble fuzz of my hairs new growth, pressing my head against her bucking hips as her first climax surged through her, seizing my fingers within her as she crushed my lips against her pussy.

The soft screams and sobs gave way to the pants of exertion as her body flattened back to the bed.

I withdrew my fingers and moved my mouth down to lap at her flowing juices, running my tongue up and down then finally in to savour every drop. I continued to let my tongue dip into her hunny pot then worked it back to her clit.

My fingers found their way in again as my tongue fluttered over her clit then I began the alphabet strokes, my fingers inside pressing and caressing her G spot. She lasted out till I got to the letter g, then took me by surprise.

She roared out a 'Yes-', arching her back and nearly slipping forward off the bed. I moved my hands to support her, my mouth still firmly pressed in her pussy. Her body was rigid and shaking, her words unintelligible as she sucked in air.

It took her quite a while to recover. She brought her legs over my shoulders as she closed them up, pushing herself up to sit.

"You're the best I've had in years," she said as her breathing normalised. "No android is as good as the real deal."

I smiled at her, pushing her legs up and open again and forcing her to lie back on bed. My tongue found her clit again and I started lapping at it, her arms slipped down and encircled her knees, pulling them back near flat to her tummy.

I swapped hands, squeezing three fingers in this time, finger fucking her again as my tongue roamed over and across her clit. This time her orgasm was quick in coming, another heavy one with a loud groan this time instead of the scream.

As her legs flopped back down astride me and her body jerked and twisted I pushed myself up and on top of her, putting my cum covered fingers to her mouth as I took her nipples. My tongue flicked across one while the other was squeezed and rolled by my finger and thumb.

She sucked my fingers into her mouth, licking and sucking them clean as I twisted my hips to position my cock in her fanny. She squirmed a bit under me as my head rested at her hunny pot, half penetrating her as my jiggling hips sought to excite her further.

I pushed a bit harder and put my hands to her shoulders as my head forced her tight sheath open. I let my weight push it down, feeling it slowly slide down till she fully enclosed it. Her body pushed against mine as it filled her, her hands stretching round me to hug me, her fingers pressing into my back.

Pumping my hips I began to fuck her, driving it deep and hard, my balls slapping against her as I thrust it to the hilt. My shaft glistened as my tempo increased, as did her moans and cries, with my neck bent to nuzzle at her ear.

Her legs looped round me, her feet pushing at my ass as she thrashed beneath me, her hands grasping my arms as her feet urged me faster. Her head flicked from side to side as the thrill mounted inside her to be let out by a mighty screamed 'Ah-'.

Her body convulsed under me, her legs squeezing me tight as her arms went back around me and pulled me close.

"Oh Frank," she said between gulps of air. "God, that was beautiful..."

She shook me in a hug.

"I'm falling in love with your love making," she went on.

I moved a little to kiss her, sweet and passionate was her response, giving a quick thrill to my cock still hard inside her. I let my hand find her nipple again as I stooped over her, my cock throbbing for completion.

We finished the kiss and I kept my hand on her breast as I started rotating my hips, moving it round inside her before continuing on to fuck her some more. I started with long deep strokes as I eased back upright.

Moving my thumb over her clit I began to massage it softly; she was urging me to go faster, to satiate her needs. I picked up the pace, rubbing her clit harder as my balls slapped against her again. I could sense my own release coming as she hit the heights again and ploughed on even through the vaginal spasms that gripped and rippled down my shaft.

I came before she finished completely; sending more waves of pleasure through her as I grunted in relief, my hand on her hip took my weight as my knees went weak and I let myself down onto her. We lay, hearts beating rapidly together as the bliss enfolded me.

Whether it was seconds or minutes I know not but she stirred under me. I pushed myself back off her, down onto my knees between her legs as she sat up. I took her waist and drew my hands up over her body, letting them brush over her breasts as I edged them up around her neck.

She ran her hands down over my arms and took my neck, pulling me with her as she leant back onto the bed. We lay side by side looking into one another's eyes, both still bathed in the rosy glow of our bedroom athletics.

"You're the best lover I've ever had," she said softly. "I've never felt so... so... I don't know, happy, complete, satisfied. I wish we could stay like this."

She shuffled forward and turned slightly to nestle into my arms, her leg looping over me letting my flaccid cock roll onto her thigh. As it started to swell again and press against her pussy.

"God, are you getting another hard on, it must have smelt my fanny and woken up," she exclaimed as she moved her leg back and reached down to take it.

"Oh," she said with fake disappointment. "It's all sticky, I'll have to lick it clean."

She twisted her body round and started licking at the base, working up and sucking at every inch on the way. She looked up at me as she licked round and round my head, letting its tip caress the rim as it circled. Then she glanced down and let her mouth engulf it, teasing the underside as she gave me a quick couple of strokes.

I reached and pulled her leg over, ducking under it to surface with her pussy in my face. I bent up, letting my hands reach down for her breasts as my tongue came to brush the glistening lips parted before it.

My hands cupped her hanging breasts and I rolled the nipples in my palms while my tongue delved into her hunny pot. She pushed more of my cock into her mouth and began to wank me again, vigorously stroking my shaft as a shiver of excitement passed through her.

I fed on her juices as my finger and thumb stretched and teased her nipples, letting my tongue explore the recesses while twirling around the rim. I felt a fresh shudder as she pressed back against me. Her mouth released me as her head fell to my thigh, her breasts pushing my hands to my belly.

I brought my thumb up to cover her clit and as it massaged around its root my tongue came to play with the head. I licked and slurped as her hips jerked against me, giving it a final flutter as she screamed her joy again.

I lapped gently at her lips, gathering her juices as they leaked from her, she was a dead weight across me, her hand still firmly gripping my cock. As I finished she let herself fully collapse and rolled to the side of me, still holding firm to my cock.

I lay back, my breathing easing and my heart slowing, I looked down at her.

"Jant?" I said, teasing her by tickling her feet.

"What?" she half moaned, waggling her feet to stop me.

"Come and lie next to me, come on, up under the covers it's time to sleep."

She turned and crawled up, cuddling up and turning me so she could spoon my back, she reached over and softly caressed my cock before enclosing it with her fingers. We both slept, who first is arguable but it was the alarm in her phone that woke us, still pressed together.

"Jant?" I nudged her with my elbow. "Your phone's going off."

"I know," she replied. "It'll snooze in a minute; I'll get up on the next ring."

Fifteen seconds later it stopped, she might be catching a few extra winks but I was wide awake now. I extricated myself from her arms and went to shower; I was half way through when she joined me.

She took minutes to shower, using a shower cap to shorten her drying time and then was dressed and stood at the door.

"Wait here," she ordered. "I'll be five minutes, okay."

"Okay."

I went and sat.

She was back within the five minutes set, pushing a hover trolley though into the room.

"Here." She tossed me a bag.

"Put the uniform on," she requested. "There's some makeup and a wig, oh, and a unit of blood."

She watched as I put the uniform on, stuffing handfuls of old panties in when I'd finished, to give me boobs. Then she had me lie on the trolley, she took the blood and carefully squirted and dribbled it over me.

By the time she'd finished I had a convincing head wound, complete with still dribbling blood from under the first aid dressing. She stood back and admired her handiwork.

"Yes, that looks good." She checked the time on her phone. "In another five minutes we'll be on our way out of here."

She went and sat on the bed.

"Y'know, this is the most fun I've had in years, and the best sex," she added as an afterthought.

The time between glances got shorter, till she announced. "Right, security should be on shift change about now."

She pushed me toward the opening door.

"Start making moaning sounds," she instructed me.

We set off down the corridor at a mad pace, she shouting warnings to clear our route.

"Nurse Leery to the infirmary, she bumped her head," she said as she scooted me past the static guard post, all others stood aside to let us pass. 

As we entered the domestic quarters she did a sharp right, into a communal toilet. In there she wiped all the face blood away, in the cupboard with the spare paper and soaps and things was a new clean white coat and fresh wig.

As I changed she went out with the trolley and, well I supposed she replaced it, she was gone five minutes or more before I heard her call my name.

With the wig fixed firmly back in place she led me quickly to her unit, once we were back safe behind locked doors, she leant back against it. I could see the exhilaration on her face, cheeks flushing as the adrenaline buzz faded back leaving just the beating heart, and the buzz of daring to do it.

Her quarters were smaller than mine, very feminine with pictures and a pink bedspread.

"Alright, you can get out of the clothes now, I'll get you some pyjamas in a second."

She walked over to her cupboard space, discarding the old uniform and selecting a clean one along with bra and panties. I looked at her lissom body, her breasts hanging round and firm, her long legs and svelte hips. She was an attractive woman, and the sight of her was causing my cock to rise.

"Forget it," she said as she turned to me. "I've got to show my face, I'll bring you something to eat in an hour or so, okay?"

I looked round the room while she was gone, apart from a few party dresses her clothes were the ubiquitous stiff white coat. Her underwear was a sexy surprise, thongs and lacy see-throughs. Perhaps not so surprising was the bedside drawer with the dildos.

I sat down on the bed, the pyjamas she'd promised were nowhere obvious. I turned and threw the cover back, crawling in naked, the pillows smelt of her soap and shampoo. I curled up in the womb of warmth and drifted to sleep.

"Time!" Her imperative command and the computers instant response.

"Eleven forty three."

She jarred me from my doze, I had been looking to see if there were anymore chunks of memory I could dislodge, a key stone to the avalanche that could restore all.

"Frank," she said beaming delight. "I've got some food for you, and some clothes."

She came and sat on the side of the bed, dropping a large holdall, while I propped myself up on the headboard. 

The way she was smiling told me there was something else.

"And?"

"There is a girl called Shelia, she does have red hair. I spoke to her, invited her down to look at some trend we were noticing in breasts and nipples."

"You what!"

"I was vague with her. 'It may be nothing but you should take a look,' vague but she took the bait, she'll be down around fourteen hundred. Isn't that good? She can tell you who you are."

It was news with epic ramifications, first it was the joy of my coming freedom, she would only tall of my time here. The thought rolled on. Perhaps she'd have an inkling as to the circumstances of my disappearance. Perhaps even, she was complicit in it.

Jant was putting packages in my hands and on the bed. I opened the oval one first, it was a full steak breakfast.

"You can put that in the microwave, one of the perks from the kitchen," she told me.

My mouth started watering, drawing me back from the dark thoughts.

"Look," her voice still excited. "Here's the clothes, all left behind when they were whisked to their heavenly homes."

The image of them ascending naked made me smile, as well as giving a quick thrill to my cock as I imagined Jent's clothes falling off.

"I've got to get back, I'll be bringing her here when she comes, be ready." She said, leaning over to kiss me and stroke my jawline. Pulling me tighter and getting passionate as the kiss lengthened.

I could feel my cock responding, pushing up under the bedclothes. As she broke the kiss she touched my tent with her elbow.

"Keep that ready," she told me. "I'll take my reward later."

The idea of sex with Jant kept my cock hard long minutes after she stepped back out the door.

I explored again for the micro to reheat the food, it was skilfully hidden along with a drop down table and two folding chairs. 

I warmed and ate the food, a full stomach does things, my optimism was on a high, looking forward to meeting with Shelia. 

I strolled over to the bed for a closer examination of the clothes she brought, I found underwear socks and shoes then settled down to sort the fashion rejects before me.

My dress was conservative, a business suit in wool, complete with waistcoat, and a lemon yellow shirt. There was a flamboyant silk tie that I couldn't resist for its shock value alone.

I tidied up all the unwanted articles and was surprised to find a container of coffee, which I gratefully reheated and savoured.

All that was left now was waiting for Jant and Shelia to appear.

I had pestered the computer for a minute creeping count down, my excitement building to the anti climax of the door opening, she was two minutes early.

"Shelia," I blurted as the door opened.

She did a double take on seeing me. "Frank?"

Then the colour drained from her. 

"What's going on here," she asked, looking round wildly.

Jant had taken a few steps further and was looking between us.

"That's what I'd like to know," I added as my two penneth.

"But... but...," she spluttered.

"We found him in the birthing room," Jant chimed in.

"We thought you were dead," Shelia replied. "Either that or somewhere dark and permanent."

I let the latter pass.

"My memory's been Co-Prodmial'd, they gave me a massive dose here to enhance my imprinting," I explained.

"And he's got a surrogate mind in there with him," Jant offered.

I could see the expression on Shelia's face as she started to put thing together.

"What's your last memory?" she asked

"I don't have one," was my blunt reply.

"Alright, well you went down to take the readings, when dinner came and you weren't back I reported it to security, there was a big hue and cry for the day, then nothing. I asked old Maery, but she told me to forget you'd been here."
