 Chapter 1: The Clone Strikes Back

A long time ago, in this galaxy...

A star was coming to end of its life. This star was uber massive, a behemoth. It had shone so brightly in its lifetime, and picked up army of stellar bodies, that obediently circled around its hulking presence.

The star, which had had such a short and impressive life, was going to go out in the most spectacular way imaginable. The tremendous forces of gravity which had been trying to crush it for billions of years finally won out, quickly crushing the star into a condensed ball that held an unfathomable amount of energy. It exploded with tremendous force, A massive, extremely violent explosion that decimated every body in its system and those of many neighbouring systems.

During its' violent death, the star had created new elements which it threw out into the universe. Some time later, many light years away, the expelled mass, obeying the universal laws of attraction, began coming together. The forces of gravity pulled the dust and gas into a giant swirling vortex. Over hundreds of thousand of years the gases were condensed into a super hot ball. Pressure built until huge jets of gas burst from the centre. The new star was born the same way its' parent died, violently.

Violence is the way of the universe. As are the laws of attraction. Sex and violence is what it's all about.

The new sun was many times smaller than its' dead parent. It shone much dimmer with a red light. The left over matter, mostly gas and water and some dust, started to come together around it. Ice and snow formed the cores of new planets as the place started to cool down.

A long time later, somewhere else in the galaxy, one rocky planet had all of its' elements just right, so that it was able to develop sentient life. These Homo sapiens eventually developed complex technology that enabled them to observe this system. 

They felt the need to name it and categorise it, like all things. So it was called the Lister system. A red dwarf sun with three gas giants. The ringed planet closest to the sun was LIS-542. 

Homo sapiens continued to develop their technology until they were able to travel great distances through space, and terraform and colonise other planets. The Lister system was visited briefly, but without any planets or moons suitable for habitation, or many valuable minerals to mine, it was largely ignored.

Then for the briefest flash in time, it was inhabited by a group of Homo sapiens who were hiding from their powerful enemies. They called themselves the Resistance. They would end up having a role to play in the fate of the galaxy that was home to the Lister system.

A small fighter craft sped through the swirling clouds of the planets' surface. Several jet streams rose up and the nimble craft swerved around them. The fighter was a hybrid of human technology and the more advanced technology of another sentient species of which they knew almost nothing. Its' two occupants inside were also hybrids of human genes and alien technology; clones.

Streek was in the pilot seat. His busty blonde captain was sitting on his lap in the small cockpit. The air was Smokey around them, Bernie was puffing on a joint. Loud Rock music blared from the ships' comm speakers. 

Bernie looked through the hazy glass screen at the rising orange and white clouds that swirled around them. The bright rings loomed above them in the orange sky, stretching from above them, all the way down to the horizon. "Wow, this place is really beautiful." She squirmed around on top of him. "Did we have to take the one-man fighter? It's pretty cramped in here."

"I'm not complaining. It's good to get out, taking my baby for a ride. I like being pressed up against you."

"Yeah, I can tell. Your secondary control stick seems to keep poking me. Perhaps we should do something about that." 

"Sure baby. Let me just show you something else." He pulled back on the control stick and the nose of the triangular fighter craft pointed upwards and the Hornet blasted away from the cloudy surface at great speed as the thrusters powered up.

Streeks' arm wrapped around Bernie and squeezed her big left boob as the craft sped away from the surface of the planet. The blonde hummed in pleasure as he felt her up.

A minute or so later, the craft began to slow down again. The glimmering bands of the planets' ring system grew larger ahead of them. One of LIS-542s' large pale moons could be seen behind it. Bernie whistled, impressed by the beautiful sight. The two of them had finished the joint and were both nicely baked by now, and feeling pretty good.

Streek flew the fighter closer to the ring and gently eased it in, so that it fell in with the masses of ice and rock that were all being pulled along in the same direction by the planets gravity. Chunks of the debris began running into the crafts' energy shields, sparkling as they dissipated. This just added to the beauty of the scene.

Bernie turned to Streek and stroked his long, dark brown hair and looked into his dark eyes. "Oh Streek, I think this is the most romantic place you've ever taken me." She brought her lips to his and kissed him passionately. Streeks' hands rubbed along the fabric of her dark red jumpsuit, down her back and butt as they kissed. His cock strained out against his own olive green jumpsuit.

She stopped kissing and smiled at him, "We've done it in the Ivan Drago plenty of times, but we haven't fucked in your Hornet yet. It's a bit squashy, but I'm sure we'll manage." 

Streek smiled back, "If it's a bit squashy for you, I can do something about that. He reached over and tapped at the console in front of him. 

Bernie let out an "ooh" as she got a strange feeling in her stomach. She began to float. "I think I've lost some weight. Zero-G sex, how kinky." Her big boobs floated up in front of Streeks' face. He reached out to grab them but Bernie floated up further and pressed against the curved glass canopy that covered the cockpit.

Streek unstrapped himself from the pilot seat and pushed himself up into the hazy air. He pressed into her soft body and their lips locked together again as they both slowly drifted downwards. Streeks' back hit the padded chair and Bernies' curvaceous body pressed into him before it started drifting away again. Streek tried to grab her but just ended up pushing her up against the glass. Bernie giggled, her face was all hot and flushed. Luckily her long blonde hair was tied back, or it would have been flowing all over the place.

Streek was all worked up now, he needed to free his hard cock. He quickly unzipped the front of his jumpsuit. Bernie started doing the same. They turned and bobbed around as they clumsily got undressed. Bernies' knee pushed into Streeks' face. "Sorry." she said to him, looking down at him through his legs. She laughed as she reached out and got hold of his hard cock. 

Streek helped pull her jumpsuit down past her boots. His head rose up between her spread legs, looking down at her small white panties. He rubbed at her pussy through the fabric and Bernie moaned softly. The fabric became wet as he continued forcefully rubbing at her soft folds. 

Bernie held his cock firmly and rubbed it as her head went through the holographic display screen. Streek stopped rubbing and hooked his fingers into the elastic band of her panties and pulled them down. Streek loved the sight of her tight, shaven pussy, it never failed to drive him wild. He lunged forward and buried his mouth into it and then he hit his head on the glass. Bernie cried out and let go of Streeks' cock as her face pressed into the seat. Zero gravity sex could be pretty awkward.

Streek had a firm hold of her ass and kept his face buried into her crotch as his tongue explored her wet insides. He brought his hand up and started gently rubbing the soft folds around the clitoris. Bernie softly moaned with pleasure. 

Streek was one guy who knew what it felt like, having your pussy eaten. He was a woman for a while, and he had lesbian sex with Bernie a couple of times. He wished now that they had done it more, but he still loved eating out her pussy. He loved the smell and the taste of her, and especially the wet, warm, tight feeling of her in his mouth. And the way she responded to it, he loved making her moan in pleasure.

Outside the craft, the chunks of ice and rock of all sizes continued hitting the energy shield and sparking up. Bernie had got hold of Streeks' cock again and moved herself around so that she could bring her face to it. Streek moaned in pleasure as she took it into her warm mouth. He continued to lustily eat her out. Then Streeks' head went through the holographic display screen, somehow they had gotten into a slow spin.

They both continued to orally pleasure each other, continually bumping into the edges of the cockpit. Bernie was getting very wet, and Streek was lapping it up, he loved the taste of her, and he loved the feeling of her wet sucking mouth around his cock.  

Suddenly alarms started sounding in the cockpit. Streek looked through the glass ahead of them. They were coming up on a huge icy boulder, larger than the Hornet. "Oh Drakk!" cried out Streek, quickly scrambling out from between Bernies' legs and pulling himself to the control stick. He pulled the stick sideways and the fighter craft banked right and scraped the huge rock as it went past.

He was breathing quickly as he scanned the debris field outside the craft. Bernie laughed behind him, "Now you're adding the element of danger. You really know how to turn a girl on!" 

Streek turned to her laughing, "That was a close one." 

"Yeah, crisis averted. Now come on Streek, I need you to show me how good you are with your other control stick."

"I've shown you plenty of times."

"Hurry up and fuck me Bonehead!" 

Streek pushed off from the front console and floated right into Bernies' arms. They both floated back into the rear wall of the cockpit and Bernies' big boobs pressed into Streek. They had a firm hold of each other as they floated forward again. Bernie wrapped her legs around him. 

Streeks' hard cock was poking up at her ass. She reached down and helped line it up with her wet cunt. They pressed into the glass again and Streeks' cock pushed through her soft lips and slipped up inside her. Bernie let out a pleasurable sigh as her tender insides tightly hugged his member. He brought his face to hers' and their lips locked together again.

They stopped kissing, "I love you Baby." said Streek softly. 

"Yeah, I know. Fuck me!"

Streek slowly pulled his cock back and then struggled to push it forward. He couldn't get much leverage to fuck her, perhaps Zero-G sex wasn't such a good idea. Bernie giggled at his efforts, she still had her legs wrapped tightly around him. 

He spread his legs wide, trying to get a firm foothold. Then he noticed the debris field starting to spin around. Streek realised he had his foot on the control stick and sent the Hornet into a spin. He quickly removed his foot and the craft soon stabilised. Bernie giggled again. 

He got his footholds and pressed her firmly up against the glass canopy. Streek started working his cock into her with deep steady strokes. "Ooh yeah! That's good baby. Keep doing that." cried out Bernie. It was a lot of effort, but it was fantastic. Streek was never happier than when he was joined with Bernie.

He reached up and hooked his fingers into her white bra and pulled it down, his hands groped and squeezed at her big boobs while he fucked her. He used to have big boobs like that, mostly they were a pain, but he liked it when Bernie played with them. 

He started fucking her too enthusiastically and lost his footholds and they both began floating backwards again. He went back into the padded seat and Bernie grabbed onto the sides of it and kept him pinned there. She giggled and started grinding her hot pussy up and down on top of him. Streek leant forward and moved his mouth to her big breasts. He started sucking on a rosy hard nipple as she fucked him.

Bernie was moaning loudly as her crotch was slapping up and down on his hard member. Streek could feel the pleasure building. He did his best to hold off. He loved it when they both came together, and Bernie had told him how she loved the feeling of him spurting into her climaxing pussy more than anything in the universe. He could tell by her heavy breathing and loud moans that she wasn't far off as well.

It was difficult, but Streek managed to hold back until Bernie cried out, "Oooh yeah! Oh fuck yeah! I'm gunna cum!" She let go of the chair and held Streek tightly as they floated up again. Streek groaned and his cock throbbed and spurted his hot cum inside her. Bernies' pussy seemed to grip the throbbing cock even tighter as she moaned loudly as waves of intense pleasure washed over her.

She kicked out and caught the trigger for the missile launcher. The stinger missile shot out from the craft and slammed into a large chunk of ice. The explosion in front of them lit up the floating ice chunks around them in a whole spectrum of different colours. Tiny bits of debris were thrown onto the energy shields, causing a shower of bright whizzing sparks. 

Bernie and Streek both looked out on the spectacular scene with big smiles on their faces. "Wow! ...orgasmic!" said Bernie quietly as the light died down. She turned back to Streek and kissed him as they hugged each other tightly. His cock still buried deep within her. Streek never wanted this moment to end.

Then his TAB started ringing. He sighed and reluctantly pulled away from Bernie, his cock slipping out from her wet cunt. He started rummaging through his floating jumpsuit. Bernie let out a sigh too, "Just ignore it Streek."

"It could be important." said Streek, pulling the small grey device out and tapping it. The holographic head of pretty, young, red-headed woman appeared over it. 

"Streek, where the fuck are you?" said Mia.

"I'm out, ...on patrol."

"You're not rostered for patrol right now, I checked."

"Yeah, well I'm doing it anyway, ...going above and beyond."

"I'll say you are." said Bernie smiling.

"Is that Bernie?" 

"How's it going Ranga?" said Bernie.

Mia sighed loudly, "Patrolling my ass. If you two could stop humping each other like horny bunnies, we've got a war to prepare for. Get your ass back here Streek, you still have to show me how you do your energy absorption trick."

"I told you Mia, I don't know how I do that."

"Then you gotta find out. Grandpa is here ready to do his scans. So get back here now. You don't want me to come out there hunting for you!"

"Jeez, can't a guy get some time alone with his girl?"

"No, not right now he can't. Report back to base Sergeant."

"Yes Captain." He ended the communication and her holographic head disappeared. "Guess we better head back."

"We will." said Bernie, putting her arms around him again. She laughed, "Patrolling her ass! Let's just hump each other like horny bunnies one more time." She pressed her lips into his before he could say anything. 

When they finished kissing he smiled and said, "Aye Captain."

*****

The Sunnydale base had formed again around a rocky moon, one of the seven that were orbiting LIS-542. Some of the Residents had renamed it 'Moondale' but it didn't really stick. It consisted of hundreds of Resistance ships that were joined together. It hadn't quite formed the same way as it was in the Globular Cluster, and everyone was still getting used to the new layout.

The Hornet made its' way through the atmospheric shields of the large Frigate and Streek settled it down in its' spot next to the Ivan Drago, Bernies' new ship. The Ivan Drago, was an impressive small warship. Sleek and advanced, with a mighty power core. It had a crew of four; Bernie, Streek and two other Ben Anders clones.

Bernie and Streek climbed down from the Hornet, they were still glowing after having such a wonderful time together. Mia approached them at a brisk pace, she was wearing her white gi with a gold tipped black belt. Bruises were on her face, but they were rapidly fading as the nanobots inside her were healing her, she was also a clone.

"What the hell took you so long?" she said as she got to them.

"Didn't seem we were out there that long to me." said Streek.

"Time flies when you're having fun." said Bernie.

Mia looked up at the Hornet, "Is that bum prints up on your canopy?" Bernie laughed. "...Come on love birds. The Doc is waiting, time to get down to business."

"I'll leave you to it." said Bernie, "I'll see about getting the Drago ready for her first mission, make sure my clone brothers haven't messed around with the engines too much." She leant over and kissed Streek, "Thanks for the flight lover, you can do that again anytime."

"My pleasure Baby." said Streek smiling.

He followed Mia through the twisted maze of star ships and into a large empty cargo bay. Dr Arnott was there with Makita, a short, gnomish old man with white beard and glasses, he was also a clone. Makita was his android companion, highly advanced with white plating and androgynous human features. 

The other Mia was also there letting off a series of kicks at a large, black punching bag. She was also dressed in her white gi with black belt, her red hair tied up in a ponytail. Often they would wear different coloured clothes, but now it was impossible to tell the two of them apart. They were essentially the same person.

It came with being a clone. You were just a copy of someone. Streek had a fellow clone out there, as well as his sire, and possibly an evil female clone, he wasn't sure if she was still alive after their last encounter. If she was alive, she probably still wanted to kill him, after two failed attempts. She would have to get in line.

Dr Arnott had some scanning equipment set up and was checking it. "Hi Doc." said Streek as they approached them.

Dr Arnott smiled, "Oh hello Lis... Streek. How are you today?"

"Pretty great. But I get a feeling my day is about to get a lot more painful. You seem pretty chipper."

The other Mia had stopped attacking the punching bag and came over to them, "You know Grandpa, he loves his scans. Took you long enough to get here Streek."

"Your electrical energy absorption is a scientific mystery, I look forward to getting to the bottom of it." said Dr Arnott.

"Hey there Mak, how you doing buddy?" 

"I am functioning well thank you Streek." said the android in her monotone voice.

Streek looked at Dr Arnott, "I'm not looking forward to this, it still really hurts when I get shocked you know."

"Yeah, we know." said one of the Mias, "We've been trying to do it ourselves, without any success."

"Yeah, well I couldn't do it at first. Not until I fought my clone."

"We tried that." said Mia.

"Yeah, and I won." said the other.

"Bullshit you did."

"Are you gunna put a slave collar on me or something?" Streek asked Dr Arnott.

"No. Here, take this." Dr Arnott tossed him a small object.

Streek caught it and examined it, it was a thick silver ring with small black nub on it. "Ooh Doctor, this is all so sudden."

"That came from the arms department. It was designed to deliver a powerful electric shock when a punch is thrown. It was a small matter to reverse it so that the shock was delivered to the wearer."

"Oh, great." said Streek, putting it on. The ring was loose, but soon automatically tightened around his finger.

"Care to test it out?" said Dr Arnott, gesturing toward the bag Mia was hitting. 

Streek walked over to it. "Here goes." he said, getting into a fighting stance. Dr Arnott held up his scanner and both Mias were watching with interest. Makita just stood there, quietly watching. Streek threw a straight right punch and then cried out in agony and staggered back as the painful electric current surged through his body. 
