 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. This particular chapter contains nudity and a lot of frustration. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future.

*****

Episode Ten: Frustration

Indeed, it was not all that long before the recently paralyzed, captured, and raped Caleldir was able to walk, and then run under his own power. He could sort out his confused feelings later; getting away from a horde of angry male Drow was his highest priority now.

"Bard." Ashyr said to the air amid her shambling jog. The wolf emerged from the brush with his head and tail held low. He wriggled nervously as he approached his master. "Go find me a safe place." She ordered, though not unkindly. She projected thoughts of being injured and hiding from big predators. Bard whined with worry, but seemed to understand. He ran northeast and disappeared for a good ten minutes as the two escapees helped each other keep moving.

It was hard work for the drow ranger. Her previous horniness had also come with restlessness. She kept doing this to herself: running and running until she passed out. She didn't know where the rest of the troop was. By now they were probably an hour of hard running away from the rest of their group. Ashyr seriously doubted that her over burdened body could get her that far. Not that she wanted to face the troop for a good long while anyway.

Normally, Caleldir would have been quite talkative, spending the trip telling jokes and stories, and sometimes doing minor tricks, but right now neither he, nor, more importantly probably, Ashyr was in the mood for any such things. Instead, he walked in silence, quietly agreeing with Ashyr that the caravan was long gone. The two of them could undoubtedly catch up with the much slower-moving troupe, but not in their current state of weariness.

Soon, Bard returned, giving the two elves the impression that he'd found something at least. He urged them to follow, running off in the direction he wanted, running back, circling them, and then sprinting off again. Damned thing had way too much energy. Another ten or fifteen minutes took them to what looked like absolutely nothing even to the ranger's eyes. Bard was walking, and then he disappeared into the brush. Then he poked his head out again and whined. There must have been some sort of shelter there. She squinted past her companion. It looked like some sort of place that opened up enough to hide all three of them. Ashyr seemed to trust Bard's judgement.

"Uhm." She said, stopping. "Bard can probably lead you back to the troop if you want to get back to them. You don't have to stay here if you don't want to." Her words were soft, tired. She very much wanted him with her, but she couldn't imagine why he would want to stay. Artur and Gurzan were better friends than she could ever be. Ashyr then crouched down and entered the brush-covered hollow. It looked to be perfect, actually, though there wasn't too much headroom. It was like some temporary wolf hideout. She got the impression that Bard's old pack came down from the north this way. Last time she saw that pack, it was going further south.

Caleldir thanked the wolf with a smile and a stroke. His smile faded when Ashyr said her piece though. "I would prefer to stay with you, actually." He said weakly. Physically, he was completely recovered, but mentally not so much. He still had potent cocktail of depression, anger, understanding, and other emotions positive and negative he could not name swirling around in him, but he pushed them down where they belonged. "Even if I wanted to, I can hardly head back like this!" He said with wry humour, gesturing at his impossibly scanty clothing. "I go running after you and return naked without you in the middle of the night? People are going to ask questions I really can't answer. Besides, between the two of us, I think that the caravan is safer when we are not there." He yawned. "Also, it is late and I am tired."

The little den was comfortable and secure, as the two of them found upon crawling through the entrance, but a little on the small side. Caleldir had to scrape a bit of the dirt from the ceiling (not enough to drop the roof on them, hopefully) to be able to sit up without putting a crick in his neck. "I like this little place." He scratched Bard's ears. "You are the smartest wolf in the whole world, I am sure of it. Even if you are blond." He looked over at Ashyr, who had curled up on herself and was staring at the middle-distance with a haunted look. She was clearly not doing very well. Caleldir could not blame her. Back when he had first been forced to come to terms with everyone he knew was dead or cursed, he had been an emotional wreck for... twelve hundred years, actually. He also had to admit that by focusing on Ashyr's problems, he would not be overcome by his own. Also, he was still crushed that he had been forced to break his ancient vow, and had even enjoyed it.

"I always thought I would return there someday." She said quietly. "Live the decadent noble life. Have a couple babies. Live in the protection of my sisters and Matron. Could have even been Matron one day." Now it seemed an almost impossible goal.

"There is nothing I can say to comfort you." He replied in the same subdued tone. "But I at least will stick by you as long as you desire." His face twisted into a grim smile. "You do not need to be afraid of me..." he was about to say 'you do not need to be afraid of me dying on you', but that seemed unnecessarily flippant. He decide to approach the topic more gently. "... leaving you. Me and the Reaper are not on speaking terms, and he apparently does not want me." He scooted a little bit closer, but did not touch her. Last time she had not wanted him to comfort her, and he did not want to overstep his bounds. His worries were in vain; she leaned against him while still maintaining her curled-up posture. Relieved that Ashyr was not pushing him away, Caleldir put his arm around her and held her close. Despite the roughness of the den, he felt more comfortable with Ashyr near him than he had felt in years.

Ashyr then went for broke and curled up into his lap. She could totally handle that without getting too distracted. It was probably a good thing that she didn't notice his erection. She rested her face against his naked chest and stared absently at her hand while it traced his pectorals with equal mindlessness.

"Don't make any promises." She said rather darkly. "The Reaper may not have figured it out yet, but she's a crafty bugger." 

A wave of awkwardness rushed over him. Did she meant that as a joke? Was she serious? He had never been able to read her all that well, and with her emotions in such a tangle as they were now, he did not even want to hazard a guess. "Well," he observed, "Though I do not feel cold, it does affect me, so forgive me if I ask you to keep me warm tonight. Would not want to die of the chills in the middle of the night. I am... not dressed warmly." Despite his words, he did feel unusually hot. Despite a recent... event that he did not want to think about, his body was far less confused than his mind, and the close proximity of a woman he was still highly attracted to was having the normal biological effect on him. Of course, even if he was of a mind to do something, he doubted that after everything that had happened today, Ashyr would be. Best to hope that she did not notice that his loincloth did a terrible job of covering his arousal.

His arousal dimmed when he looked to Ashyr's face. She seemed on the verge of tears. What could he possibly say to a woman who had lost so much so fast? His own problems were either too far off or too petty to compare to having one half your family kill your other half. He had to get her to talk about something. "So..." he awkwardly began. "I take it that your relative was not herself today. What is she usually like?" He slapped himself internally. Of all the topics to talk about, he had to choose the worst one possible.

Ashyr thought for a moment upon his question. What was Selene usually like? The drow fought to collect herself slightly. That task was a bit easier in his arms where she felt comfortable and safe. "She's my cousin." Ashyr began with a shaky voice. "Um. She's a couple decades younger than me. Normally, she's confident and clever and much more... adept at social interaction than I've ever been. We've been like sisters since we were both physically mature. Except usually sisters don't get naked and tie each other up as often as Selene and I do. Did. We haven't been without our... problems, though." All things considered, she was glad that Selene still lived. They were probably torturing her or planning to use her as their broodmare, but at least she was alive. In fact, Ashyr realized that she had every plan to rescue her (and promptly let her rot in a cell for a while after). But first, she had to avenge Celeste.

Caleldir listened interestedly to Ashyr's words. He could not quite keep a slightly shocked expression off his face when she talked about how the two of them were in the habit of... whatever the two of them were doing before he showed up, but it made sense when he thought about it. "She sounds nice enough." He said neutrally. "By Drow standards at least. I did not really get that impression from her, but I probably was not seeing her at her best or most emotionally stable." He leaned back and closed his eyes. As absentmindedly as Ashyr herself, he used his free hand to run through her platinum hair. It was such a beautiful color... "If you two are the only left of your house, you should probably patch things up with her before it is too late." Briefly, an image of Selene and Ashyr 'patching things up' jumped unbidden into his mind. It was not hard to visualize, as it had only been a few hours ago that he had seen both of them naked. He shook that image out of his head. Unfortunately, the damage had already been done, and he could feel himself beginning to get excited again.

"I will confront her later. I don't think my brothers and cousins will kill her. Selene probably made a deal with them or something." She said in a rather matter-of-fact tone. After all, they couldn't breed descendants on their own. Any daughter born from Duskhaven seed would of course be recognized not as Duskhaven, but whichever house the female came from. Selene would fix that problem. They would probably make Ashyr do so as well if they got their hands on her.

"I wonder what kind of deal she could have made with the people who killed all the rest of her family..." Caleldir mused. "I do not recall Drow culture as being quite this murderous back in my day. I do not think it has ever been nice: but twelve hundred years ago there were rather few of you and the Drow had to band together. They were mostly known for being terrible to outsiders, not each other. Then again, perhaps that is just wanted they wanted people to think. United front against attack and all that. They were in open war with parts of the surface back then, so in-fighting was probably minimized."

"Lolth is a big fan of weeding out the weak among our people." Ashyr said distractedly. "I understand there's been plenty of in-fighting for at least five or six centuries. But usually it's not to this scale. I guess the Duskhavens haven't been too kind to our men recently." That was probably a monumental understatement considering the lengths they went to.

There wasn't much else to say on the topic except for him to keep imagining a reunion. Closing his eyes, he struggled to bring himself back under control. After a few long moments of silence, he decided to broach the topic that was foremost on his mind. "Ashyr." He said carefully (he had decided not to keep using 'Lady Duskhaven' at the moment, since he really did not want to remind her of House Duskhaven) "There is something that we should address... About what happened back in that clearing..." He hesitated. "Errr..." He really did not know how to say what he wanted to say. "About what your cousin... did to me. It was clearly had an effect on you. Do you want to..." He swallowed. "Talk about that at all?"

"Cal, you are strange. You are the one who... who had to endure it. As much as I hated it, it must have been worse for you." She said as she pressed comforting lips against his lower neck. "But I did not like it." She admitted with a sigh. "She took something that was important to you." No matter how stupid Ashyr herself thought it was. "And I did not like seeing you in distress." The drow wrapped her arm that was previously between them around his torso, her other hand still unconsciously caressing the naked flesh of his chest. 

He closed his eyes and sighed when she kissed his neck. That felt good. "I cannot speak as to any of that, I am afraid." Caleldir took a deep breath. "I thank you for your concern. It means alot to me. But..." He shook his head. "The issue that I have is not that I had to endure it, but that I did not have to endure it. If it had not been so enjoyable, I would not feel so guilty." 

A ghost of a bitter smile crossed Ashyr's face. She wasn't surprised. Selene's body was hard not to enjoy. Had this been any other time, any other subject, she would have teased him about it. Instead she felt kind of guilty. 

Ashyr paused in her caresses, suddenly, finally noticing the... activity in his loincloth. It was then she realized what she was doing. "Oh - um. Sorry." She didn't imagine it to be anything other than an automatic response his body was having toward her. She couldn't imagine that he'd actually want to do anything with her after what happened. The drow crossed her arms close to her own chest to keep them from wandering again.

"You do not need to be sorry." Caleldir said sadly. "I know it is rather inappropriate, considering the events of the day, but I still find you nearly irresistible."

"You found Selene irresistible too." The drow said in automatic response. She couldn't contain herself in the end. Ashyr was still Ashyr, after all, not matter how much her heart hurt with grief and guilt, she couldn't resist saying the most awful things in the worst situations. This was why she did not get along very well with people. "Aw, fuck. Sorry. That was bad." She pressed a hand to her mouth and bit down on one of her fingers. Hopefully Caleldir's good naturedness would keep him from being offended.

For a second, Caleldir looked as if he had been struck. He looked at Ashyr as his mind twisted. Had she made that observation because she was angry or jealous (jealous of which of them?), or just out of her normal sense of humor? If it had been just Ashyr being Ashyr, what was the joke? Looking at her expression, he decided that it was more likely a joke in rather poor taste. If her words had been borne of jealousy she would not likely have apologized so quickly. A small, but genuine smile appeared on his face. "Well, to be more accurate, I found her poison irresistible, just as she found my charm magic almost completely resistible." He sighed. "Although I cannot deny that your cousin is... beautiful. It runs in the family, apparently." 

"Duh." Ashyr said. They were noble elves. Of course they were beautiful. They were practically bred for it. Forget the practically. Any truly ugly drow would likely get killed by its own mother. Anything short of beautiful would not last in the vain realm of the dark elves. His compliment still left her with a small, tired grin of pleasure despite the obviousness of it.

Already leaning back, Caleldir closed his eyes. "We should both get some sleep." He said with a yawn. "And so I do not turn ghostly in the middle of the night, may I ask that you stick very close to me for warmth?" He looked down at his hand. Some slight translucency along the edges. He swallowed. "I really would rather not ask this, but I think that your warmth would be more effective if you used your clothing as a blanket." Blushing heavily, he continued. "Otherwise, out here naked and without a fire, on an unseasonably cold night, if a potent chill hits I will wake up with an acre of forest turned to dust. And... I may not spare you either." He said in a low tone of regret. "I understand if you would rather not be that... close to me. If so I will find somewhere else to sleep." To be honest, this scenario was extremely unlikely. Caleldir was not even sure it was possible. But he still did worry about it.

The drow looked up at Caleldir, her eyes narrowed with suspicion. Gods he was so cute when he blushed like that. You didn't get a good blush like that out of the dark-skinned elven men she was used to. She was trying to decide if this was truly born out of practicality, or if he was trying to hint at something more. She sighed. It was Cal. This wasn't something he would say unless he found it absolutely necessary. Her gaze followed his to see fingers that were already obtaining that see-through quality she'd seen when she saw him die. 

"You're killing me." She mumbled into his chest. Then she complied and pulled off her shirt and pants. Usually she wore undergarments, but this time she didn't exactly have the time or presence of mind to put them on. So when she laid back against his chest she was completely naked with her clothes spread out to warm them both. 

"The idea is to not kill you, actually." Caleldir said with obvious embarrassment. That embarrassment only increased when he realized that Ashyr was not wearing any undergarments. He should have suspected. Selene had not either. Perhaps the Drow were not in the habit of wearing underwear. Or maybe just Drow about to engage in hardcore bondage did not wear underwear. Either way, despite his brief urge to tell her that this would not be necessary after all, the warmth that her supple body provided him instantly restored his full corporeality. Even if her naked body was pressed up against his own mostly naked form in such a way that made it very difficult to think of anything besides sex.

Which thoughts, if they were a problem for Caleldir, were triply so for Ashyr. I'll have a wonderful time trying to get to sleep like this. She thought to herself sarcastically. Ashyr wanted a turn at running her hands across every inch of his skin, wanted to know how he felt inside her. But then she was so warm and felt so stupidly safe curled against Caleldir like she was. And her body and heart both were just so exhausted. She closed her eyes for only a moment, and the world faded away.

Much like Ashyr, Caleldir was tired enough that it did not take long to drift off. It had been a long, tiring day that had massively upset his entire worldview. He needed sleep like a man lost in a desert needed water. His dreams were disturbed by Ashyr and her cousin in circumstances and positions with both him and each other both terrifyingly alluring and distressingly forbidden. 

Caleldir did not know how long he slept, but eventually he awoke. For a moment, he thought that he was still in one of his dreams, for the dark, soft body of a nude woman lie on top of his own. Unconsciously, he reached up and wrapped his arms around her midsection. At once, memories of the night before and how the two of them had fallen asleep rushed back, together with a burning shame. To his distress, he found that his loincloth had fallen apart in the night, and he was now as naked as she, with his morning wood firmly nestled between the sleeping Drow's smooth thighs.
