 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future.

*****

Episode Eleven: Satisfaction

Ashyr's savage kiss took Caleldir by surprise. He had intended to return the kiss, but with how hard she attacked his lips he could not do much more than hang on. Not resisting, though, just too overwhelmed to give back in kind. When she finally pulled away, he took deep gulping breaths, uncertain how to react. The kiss had awakened some of the same deep need in him that she clearly felt. But before he could do or say anything, Ashyr ran away. Again. This was beginning to be something of a pattern with her. Confusedly, he returned to the caravan, trying to sort out his own feelings.

Ashyr stayed the hell away from the troop until they were at the gates of the town. Her night and morning was pretty much exclusively dedicated to masturbation. She hoped that it would make her feel better. Predictably, it only made things worse. The drow slipped into the group as they stood at the gates of the town waiting to be let in. She stayed as far away from Caleldir as possible.

"Artur's here!" Called out the friendly voice of the guard stationed at the gates that lifted to permit them immediately. Clearly they were expecting the troop.

The city was at the top of the highest hill in the area, and absolutely covered with trees and other plant life. Ashyr observed that the walls were very much like the hideout where Celeste was now buried. She assumed there was a connection. Despite all the trees and crumbling stone, she found out long ago that it was nigh impossible to get into the place by any other way aside from the front gate - even for an excellent climber such as herself.

Some of the troop branched out down the actually quite normal-looking streets and into different slate and wood houses, walking with their friends and families. In the end, about twelve of them including Artur were led into what looked like the town hall or inn central to the settlement. 

Caleldir's priority was to find a new set of clothes. Gurzan was not much help; upon entering the town, the old fellow immediately declared that 'since his job guarding the group on the road was over, he was now on vacation.' He promptly blew his eagle-whistle in a series of inaudible short and long bursts, and walked off into the forest. Still, Caleldir was able to use his credit at a shop to buy a simple set of clothing while en-route to the inn, falling only a few steps behind Artur and the rest of the group. He thought he saw seen Ashyr with the group, but the Drow seemed to be avoiding him. Which was sad, but not unexpected.

They were met inside by an aging dark-haired woman who seemed to be the town leader and innkeeper. She and Artur embraced each other that soon made it clear to anyone except the most unobservant that they were lovers of some sort. Then they exchanged brief, quiet words that the rest of the group couldn't quite hear.

"Welcome, guests." Dria, the dark-haired leader, said with a wide smile when she and Artur were done talking. "I understand you all need lodging. I'm sorry to say we only have five rooms available. You're going to have to share, I'm afraid." He smile lessened slightly upon saying this, but then she continued with her previous enthusiasm. "We shall have a feast tomorrow to celebrate the return of our loved ones and the new friendships I'm sure we will enjoy. Until then, rest my friends! Eat! Drink! Ask, and we will try our best to give!" Then she took Artur's hand and led him away.

The rest of the group dispersed around the large main room of the inn. Caleldir needed to use one of the five rooms to change in. He was tired of wearing what amounted to a blanket and a coat. Hence, after the speech was concluded, he hurried upstairs to the first room he could find. Closing the door, he began unwinding his temporary clothes. Soon, there was a pool of cloth at his feet, and he stepped out of it to get his new garments from where he had laid them across the bed.

Meanwhile, Ashyr marched right up to the counter where an extremely pretty female bartender looked happily prepared to serve the towns 'new friends.' Everyone was too damned happy, in Ashyr's not so humble opinion. 

"Bottle of the strongest thing you got." The drow demanded.

"Ah... the whole bottle?" The young woman said with a surprised look on his face.

"You heard me." 

"O-okay. Sure. Here." She said, grinned knowingly, and handed her a smallish bottle of clear liquid that smelled adequately potent.

Bottle safely in hand, Ashyr continued her march up the stairs and to the first open door she encountered. All the while she ignored absolutely everyone no matter what they said. She was on a mission from god. Specifically, the god of forgetting your sorrows at the bottom of a bottle.

Caleldir turned when the almost surly looking Ashyr marched into the room. It was then that Caleldir realized that he had forgotten to latch the door, and it had opened a little. With a blush, he jumped for the blanket he had just unwrapped himself from. Quickly tying it into a makeshift toga, he smiled awkwardly at the newcomer. "Greetings Ashyr. Fancy meeting you here." He thought over the others staying at the inn. He and Ashyr were the odd ones out. He shrugged. "I suppose that, by process of elimination, the two of us are roommates now."

Ashyr froze. What she thought was an empty room in actuality contained the exact person she was trying to get away from. He was naked, too, until he managed to get that blanket back over his body. She spluttered slightly, as she had just been in the process of taking a large gulp of the burning liquid in her appropriated bottle (not the first swig she had taken on her way up to the room.) Her natural immunity to poison would normally protect her from getting too intoxicated too quickly. But this was an exceptionally strong drink, and she hadn't eaten anything for some hours. It would go to her head pretty soon (as intended.) Caleldir's unexpected presence... complicated things. 

Coughing, she stoppered her bottle and placed it with a clank on a side table next to the door. The universe was conspiring against her, clearly. "Fuck it." She said to herself, in a voice that told of her surrender. If she was going to self-destruct, she might as well go all out. 

Who needed friends?

She entered the room completely and shut and latched the door behind her with an ominous click. Then she stalked toward the man who was currently only wearing a blanket. In the short space between her and her target, she began fumbling desperately at the straps and latches of her armor. By the time she reached him, her leather jerkin had already hit the ground. This left her upper half covered only by a loose tunic.

The awkward smile froze on Caleldir's face and he took a step back from her. "Err... Ashyr?" He asked with concern. "What has gotten into you?" He took another step away from her, backing up against the bed. In a stunningly short amount of time, Ashyr had closed the distance between them. He swallowed. "Umm... I still..." He did not know exactly what he wanted to say, but regardless it did not matter. Ashyr pushed him onto the bed, knocking his temporary toga nearly off, and stopped his words with a kiss every bit as savagely forceful as her last one. This kiss was different though, since unlike last time she was on top of him. His body's reaction was swift and predictable. 

Although this second kiss overwhelmed him nearly as much as the first one, he was able to return it at least a little, pressing his lips a little more into hers and even slipping his tongue into her mouth once. But as he had to pull away for breath, a wave of guilt hit him. "We should not do this!" He protested very feebly, with his body and voice alike given lie to his words. The kiss had given him time to go completely hard, with his erection, free from the blanket now fallen completely to the side, pressing into her trousers.

"I do not care." She growled breathlessly, which made Caleldir take a sharp intake of breath. 

His body, at least, was all for this. That was really all she needed. But now it seemed his mind was not far behind. Somewhere in the back of her mind, a more sensible Ashyr that was not being pulled down into the pits of drunkenness screamed at her to stop what she was doing, to take Caleldir's feelings into account. It was very likely that he'd feel even more horrible and guilty after this. He wasn't paralyzed. He had more of a choice this time. But he wasn't physically pushing her away. That sensible Ashyr was pushed further back into her mind and completely ignored.

Her crimson eyes stared into his blue with hunger and determination. In one swift motion she pulled her shirt over her head to reveal her upper body. Then she captured his lips again. While she kissed him, she had to move off enough to untie her pants and start the process of pulling them down. Once they were over her hips, all it took was a wiggle and a kick to get them to join the rest of her clothing on the ground. Before she sat back down on him, she pulled away any part of the blanket the was left covering him. Now their gloriously naked bodies could press together, much like they had when they'd slept together.

Perhaps, if he really struggled, he could push her off him and get away. But just as he was sort of considering really resisting - for the alcohol on her breath indicated that she was not fully herself - she pulled off her shirt. His wide eyes went to her breasts, and his resolve waned. He gulped, just in time for her to lean down on him and begin kissing him again. Panicked, his hands went to push her away, only to find themselves instead caressing her smooth back. Ashyr grunted in satisfaction and shifted that much closer to him

His hands moved of their own accord, traveling down her body until they were on her rear, squeezing and pulling rather than pushing like he had tried to do. The action caused Ashyr to groan in pleasure. He could feel his cock rubbing up against her thighs again, though this time she was facing towards rather than away from him. The memories of the at night hit him hard, giving him enough resolve to try to weakly push her off of him. He stopped returning her kiss and tried to pull away, although pressed as he was against the bed there was nowhere to go.

At first, she presumed the reason Caleldir stopped kissing her was to catch his breath. She opened her eyes to see the look on his face. He was doing the very thing she expected from the beginning. He began to try to push her away, to prevent her from going any further. It made some part of her sad - hurt, even. Unfortunately for Caleldir, Ashyr had already made up her mind, and he wasn't fighting her nearly hard enough to dissuade her yet. But just that look she gave him seemed to make him stop resisting. It almost looked like a mix of confused lust and pain that appeared on his face, actually.

"Stop resisting. I know you want this." She ordered firmly through ragged, aroused breath. Then, finally, she moved herself forward until his turgid dick brushed against her equally ready entrance. She did not impale herself, but made it so all he had to do was thrust into her. "Come on, Cal. Fuck me. Or do I have to do it for you?" There was a challenge in her voice and eyes. If he really, truly did not want this, he had a chance to actually fight back.

"We..." He managed to say before he ran out of words. Ashyr really was not taking no for an answer this time. He really wanted to just thrust up into her, to let go of all his useless morals and just enjoy her irresistible body. Slowly, as if in a trance, he pushed up his hips a tiny bit little, pushing apart her labia just enough to admit only the head of his dick. Then, with a titanic effort of will, he stopped. "I... must not. No, I can't. We can't..." He whispered. He looked into her hungry red eyes with a pleading look, although whether it was for her to stop or continue past his reservations not even he knew.

Her eyes lidded with relief and pleasure. But he couldn't keep going. He wanted to, but he couldn't. That was okay. As she said, she could and would do it for him. The drow pressed down on him and impaled herself until she completely engulfed him to the root. He body sagged slightly, momentarily, with the strange relief she felt by finally connecting with him. Then she began to rock her hips against him and fucked him almost gently, especially compared to her cousin's feverish pace that was his only other experience.

"Ohh..." He breathed out. "You feel amazing." Suddenly, he realized what had just happened. In a panic, he went to try to pull her off, putting his hands on her hips. Once his hands got there they became distracted with other things though.

Meanwhile, her mouth fell upon his again. He looked like he was going to protest again, and she was having none of it; she might as well occupy his lips more productively. Despite his apparent urge to protest, he returned her kiss with fervor. One of her hands caressed his jaw, neck, shoulders, arms, and chest - exploring any part of his body that was readily available to her. Ashyr loved the feel of his naked skin against her hands. Her other hand snaked towards one of his own and guided it to one of her breasts. "Touch me." She whispered encouragingly to him, though she had to break her kiss momentarily to do so.

His wondering what to do with his hands ended. This was the first time he had ever touched a woman's breast, and the feeling was so delightful that his other hand quickly followed suit, rubbing and pressing. This far beat being paralyzed and unable to move. Selene had given him pleasure, certainly, but only as a means of annoying Ashyr. Her attentions had been limited to his dick. With Ashyr giving attention to his everything, he was being overwhelmed. Unconsciously, he was even starting to return her slow hip movements, grinding in time with her.

Such ecstasy she felt now. She gave him a pleased moan. Her pace picked up, and she had to free his lips in order to breathe properly. Between the restricted airflow and the alcohol she'd consumed, she was beginning to feel light-headed. 

As focused as he was on exploring Ashyr's body, Caleldir did not at first notice the building orgasm in his own loins. Ashyr intensified her movements, and his desire for release grew. He began forcefully thrusting up into her as if he was trying to buck her right off. But, for the first time, trying to get her off his dick was the last thing on his mind. No, his rational mind had fled. He wanted to cum deep inside her. He wanted it badly. Unlike with Selene, he was not trying to delay his orgasm but to speed it up. "Fuck - Cal -" he heard her say with a halting, moaning tone. As she said this, Ashyr began to move erratically, he replied to her moaning with barely controlled short sharp exhales of his own. Then she fell forward onto him, her insides spasming around triggering his own orgasm. It did not have quite the same broken-damn pressure of his first with Selene, but in its own way it was even more powerful since it was both desired and unrestrained. 

Ashyr pressed her body close to his, her face buried in his neck, holding on as if for dear life. Her body still trembled with the aftershocks of climax. She felt... strange. The drow couldn't decide whether that strange feeling she had was good or bad. If she had wanted sex so badly, why hadn't she gone to someone else? Surely there were people in this town she could have tricked or seduced into her bed. Then she wouldn't have had to risk whatever her relationship with Caleldir was. Instead she was just going to lock herself up in her room and drink until she passed out. Drinking too much was not uncommon for her, but that was no way to get rid of the real issue of her pent-up sexual frustration. Why hadn't she been out in the common room where there were women and men who were also drinking and not have those strange vows?

She wanted - no - Needed it to be with him.

Breathing just as hard as Ashyr herself, Caleldir slid his arms around Ashyr in a similar way to that teasing morning an eternity ago. A deep sense of belonging and satisfaction slid over him. "Wow." He breathed out. "Just... wow." His 'description' seemed to amuse the drow slightly.

Although the feeling of Ashyr against him was comforting, even the sensation of his slightly limp cock still inside her was reassuring in its way, as the seconds passed Caleldir found himself with a growing sense of regret. Sure, it was fun. Amazing. Almost divine. But what now? What had he really just done? Even though Ashyr did sort of force herself on him, by the end he was enthusiastically participating. Maybe she would have had sex with him no matter how hard he tried to get away (the thought of that almost made him hard again. Stupid Selene. Giving him fetishes he really did not need) but he did not know that for sure, neither did it matter. He had willingly had sex with Ashyr. He had willingly broken his monastic vows. What did that say about him? With Selene he could pretend that it did not really count because she had raped him, but there was no such excuse here. Still, he could not bring himself to let go of her. Perhaps he should never do this again: but now the deed was done. Might as well enjoy the afterglow.

"I'm..." Ashyr was about to say that she was sorry. But she wasn't. "Are..." But she didn't know how to finish that sentence either. Ashyr sighed, then pulled away just enough to look at him with a questioning expression.

Caleldir could only look into her eyes. Those eyes... brilliant rubies set as they were against the charcoal of her skin and snow of her hair, he could hardly imagine a more strikingly lovely woman. He stared back with his sapphire eyes full of both love and regret. He did not know what to say to her. Let's do this the rest of the day, and every night hereafter? or Thank you, but this cannot happen again? He groaned a little in indecision.

She sensed his indecision. Ashyr could see it in his eyes that she was staring at just as intently. The question she had in her mind felt partially answered. He regretted giving in to her. Caleldir had obviously enjoyed himself, but such was the strength of his resolve that even the pleasure of her was not enough to immediately change his mind. That wasn't great for her ego. There was something else in his expression, too. A sort of softness that she couldn't identify or explain. People in the Underdark didn't look at each other like that. Not even family. It pulled at something within her. Kind of hurt, actually, when combined with that regret. And it reminded her of her mother and of her family. And of Celeste. She was glad of the alcohol dulling her mind.

Caleldir was a genius when it came to books. When it came to people though, he was slow and uncertain. He knew this about himself, which is why he seldom tried to do more than guess at what others were feeling and going through. But, in the benefit of hindsight, so much of Ashyr's behavior over the last few days was starting to make sense. Ever since Celeste had died, she had engaged in increasingly self-destructive behaviors. If he completely rejected her now, it had the potential to destroy her. When he had first met the dark elf, he had unconsciously thought of her as too strong, wild, and wanton to have emotional vulnerabilities. She was Drow, after all. Now he saw he was wrong.
