 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future.

*****

Episode Twelve: Relaxation

Caleldir could already feel Ashyr begin to fall asleep. She had briefly rubbed his crotch, and he wasn't sure if it gave him more regret or relief that she was not awake enough to press the issue. He felt her relax, and fall into sleep. Smiling fondly, he brushed some of her slightly unruly hair behind her ear and kissed the top of her head. "Sleep well." He whispered. Wrapping his arm around her back, he gently adjusted the blankets with telekinesis and followed her into quiet darkness.

Caleldir's dreams started out very sweet: a slow-burning romance with an unrealistically demure version of Ashyr that featured starlit dinners, tender kisses, and chaste snuggling. However, as the night wore on, the demure Ashyr morphed into Selene, and proceeded to reenact both his time in the dungeons of Port Afron and his time with her, while Ashyr ran off with an unknown human girl with red hair. Then, that Voice spoke. CALELDIR. BEWARE. The dream vanished with all three women looking various shades of anxious as a horde of angry male drow and orcs ran down at them. Then, he heard a clear, mad, feminine laugh that sent him into a cold sweat. Then darkness.

At once, Caleldir woke up to the dim haze of the very early morning. Beside him, Ashyr was twitching and mumbling. She was clearly having nightmares that were far worse than his own had been. He shook her. "Ashyr! Wake up!"

Ashyr groaned when she heard her name, barely heard from the depths of dream-induced horrors she wallowed in. It felt like a desperate mental crawl instead of a quick jolt, unlike last time. Her brothers were clawing at her feet, grabbing at her, ankles, preventing her from scrambling away from them and into Cal's sweet, comforting arms. Ashyr was stubborn, though. Even overpowered dream drow couldn't keep her from doing what she damn well pleased. 

Her eyes finally fluttered open with a gasp, followed by short, panicked breaths. She curled into Caleldir as she tried desperately to calm the fuck down and understand what was going on. The dreamworld still seemed like a terrifying reality. The pale elf, however, was nothing like the males who tormented her in her dreams. He was the polar opposite. So she clung to him.

"Don't let them take me..." She pleaded quietly. "I can't... I can't..." Ashyr shuddered. She curled even tighter as tears began to fall and wet Caleldir's shoulder.

Although Caleldir had figured that Ashyr was having bad dreams, her panicked clinging to him took him by surprise. Obviously, no matter what inner turmoil he was going through, only the most coldhearted of villains could have pushed her away then. Carefully, he wrapped both arms around her and pulled her tighter to him. "Shhhh..." He whispered. "I will not let anyone take you. Not even death will stop me from protecting you." He really meant it, even though until recently he considered her protecting him more likely. Surprisingly, she even started crying. This was a side of Ashyr that he had not seen before. He really could not run out on her now. That would be the action of a heartless cad.

Most likely, Ashyr was worried about her brothers, They sounded like terrible people, since the depths of evil men would have to sink to to kill their own mothers and sisters in a power bid were unfathomable to the mild Caleldir. He decided to venture that as a guess. "Is it your brothers again?" He asked grimly. "Perhaps we should pay them a visit. Maybe Port Afron can wait. Their crime is over, waiting to be punished. Your brothers' crimes are ongoing and more immediately pressing." 

He sat up, still cradling Ashyr to him. "But that is for another day. It is a new morning. Perhaps an early bath will help us both feel better."

His calming words seemed to be a fairly effective balm while Ashyr gained her bearings. She felt even better when she realized that it was only a dream. A few more shaking breaths, then a couple deep, steadying ones indicated that she had finally settled down. The drow clung less tightly then, but she did not quite let go of him. "My brothers." She admitted at last with a sigh. "The dream versions of them, anyway, are really not fond of me." Ashyr was trying to take a page from Caleldir's book by understating and trivializing trauma. It seemed to work for him. "Anyway, yes. Let's go find the bathhouse." She agreed. Ashyr didn't make it into a suggestion or innuendo. Though maybe that was just because it was too early in the morning for that. The drow, predictably, was used to being a creature of the night. For quite some time before joining the caravan, she slept when the sun was at its most headache inducing. 

At first, her nonchalant reply, highly reminiscent of his own sardonic understatements, relieved Caleldir somewhat, but his concern for Ashyr only intensified when she consented to go to the bathhouse without so much as an innuendo, and began to throw on her clothes without that flirtatious exhibitionism she was so fond of. He found that to be highly out of character. Her dreams must have been really bad indeed. He was suddenly filled with an irrational hatred for her brothers. Offenses against him were not worth keeping grudges over, quickly and easily forgotten, but offenses against those he loved were another thing altogether.

Rapidly, he threw on his clothing. Since it amounted to a belted tunic and a pair of shoes, it did not take long. Once dressed, her turned towards Ashyr. With a very slight bow and the tip of an imaginary cap, he held out his hand. "Shall we be going, my lady?"

The drow took Caleldir's hand with a faint smile. That gesture was reminiscent of a similar motion she would make when beckoning the weaker sex (men, in the drow's case) to follow her. After that, she held his hand at her side and threaded his fingers with her's.

Still a romantic at heart, Caleldir very happily walked hand in hand with Ashyr. This is what love still was to him, after all. He cherished the little gestures of affection. Much of their walk through the town he floated in something of a happy haze.

The morning was still cool and wet, being just before sunrise, but the two of them had gone to bed extremely early last night. The rest of the town had apparently been awake quite a bit longer, and the streets were still deserted. Fortunately, Caleldir knew where the hot-spring fed bathhouse was without asking for directions, and was able to find it quickly. "Sadly." He mused. "It is mixed gender. That is why I would only use it this early in the morning the few times I was here. Hopefully no one else should be here."

She shrugged. The mixed gender thing wasn't much of an issue for Ashyr, as she was attracted to anyone healthy and fit. She wasn't particularly embarrassed of her naked body, either. Ashyr was proud of her form and all the scars that went with it. After all, she'd worked hard night and day to obtain it.

The bathhouse and hot spring was indeed empty when the pair entered it. Everyone else had partied far too much to be anything resembling awake at that hour. There weren't even attendants there, only a couple towels and soaps set out for anyone insane enough to use the facilities at that hour. Ashyr stripped immediately upon entering the hot spring-warmed room and got into the hot waters. She ignored the almost scalding feel of the pool as she entered and settled upon the carved seats within. For now, she also failed to watch Caleldir as he stripped. All she wanted was to metaphorically wash those horrid dreams away. She could be lecherous later.

Self-consciously, he stripped down to his skin. Ashyr did not seem to be leering, which he found odd and a little disappointing, but mostly relieving. It was distressingly atypical behavior for her, though. Of course, maybe this was just how she was in the mornings. She had always spent her mornings away before. Always exceedingly mindful of proper etiquette (or, at least, what had been proper etiquette back home), Caleldir washed and rinsed in the cold waters outside the pool before slipping into the steaming bath, just about a body's width from Ashyr. That was the polite distance, but it was a distance that was only maintained as long as it took Ashyr to slide closer until their shoulders touched. He wasn't going to complain. Sighing, he relaxed.

Ashyr began fishing in her hair to retrieve the random trinkets she'd attached there. There was nothing really of monetary value; the harpy feather on a chain was probably the most expensive thing. The rest were a strange assortment of things including small bones and a shockingly purple streak of hair that was apparently not her own. She put them all at the side of the pool in a mostly neat pile. Her ivory hair was free to flow loosely around her face and eyes in slightly strange waves because of how long it had been braided back. Then, finally free of decoration, she leaned back to wet down her hair and rub at her scalp with her fingers. It made her feel a bit better.

Caleldir raised one eyebrow, then settled in and tried not to look like he was staring. In a turn of irony: there was a naked woman in the bath with him and he was most interested in her hair. It was so white and wavy! Seeing her hair loose and unbraided and free of all her little relics was quite interesting. Frankly, he did not know which he preferred. On the first hand: without her distinctive hairstyle Ashyr was hardly Ashyr: and he loved Ashyr the way she was. On the other hand, this Ashyr was even sexier than normal. Caleldir could not help but to reach out and run his fingers through her wet hair. "Your hair is such a lovely color. It contrasts so nicely with you skin." he murmured.

The drow seemed to enjoy his attentions and compliments to her hair. Her eyes lidded slightly, and she leaned into his touch. "Cal?" She said softly as she drew a hand across her head to pull away errant hair from her face. "About what you said earlier, about my brothers? You said 'we' should pay them a visit. You know most of them and their followers are going to be in the Underdark?"

"The Underdark? Yes. I knew that. It is not a problem. As long as I am only fighting your brothers." He took a deep breath. "I have a weakness. That weakness is women: especially beautiful ones. I have difficulty summoning the resolve to fight or kill them. An army of evil seductresses is something I am very ill-equipped to fight. Caverns and darkness hold no horror for me: only your female relatives do."

"Well then it's a good thing I don't have many of those anymore." Ashyr responded with a grim smile. Her words weren't angry or bitter. Simply matter-of-fact. "That's really a dangerous attitude to take, though. My kind won't hesitate to kill you if they have a mind to. I guess that wouldn't matter too much for someone like you." 

Caleldir smacked his head. "I am sorry! I mean relatives as in 'other Drow' not 'other members of House Duskhaven'!" He had not realized how insensitive his statement really was. "But I know the risks, and I know that that mindset will get me killed. It is not an 'attitude' though, more like an instinct."

"They could also decide to... do what Selene did. Except probably worse, and for longer. I would prefer not to have to worry about rescuing you constantly." Ashyr reminded him, trying to get him to re-think that 'instinct.'

He grimaced. "That is exactly my fear." He said simply. "And is part of the reason why I am loathe to fight them. The thought is just unnerving."

Ashyr stretched out slightly while yawning. "Well, you'll have to stick close. Drow don't really like your kind."

He sighed. "Yeah, most surface elves do not like Drow either. But that is mostly because... they act like Drow. No offense, but there is a lot of cruelty and murder implied in that description."

Ashyr grunted. Yes. Drow could be pretty awful. Her hand absently brushed against Caleldir's thigh, and ran along it until it rested on his inner mid-thigh. An early morning bath turned out of be an excellent idea when it came to calming her down. Ashyr already felt more at ease. "I think going to the Underdark will have to wait until I can train you a bit better. And we might have to enlist my cousin's help."

Caleldir's posture stiffened. He enjoyed her touch, certainly, but they were edging close to that dangerous territory again. Being around her naked was starting to help him resist her visual charms, but he did not think that it would ever be possible to resist her physical charms. He did not scoot away, but for a moment he looked like he might be considering it. He tried to relax and pay her touch no heed. If he let himself focus on how good her hand felt there, next thing he knew he would return her caresses, and who knew where that would lead? Even more immorality, that is where. Instead, he focused on her words. "Yes. I definitely need more training." He agreed. "From you and... wait, your cousin?" Images of her improbably perfect body danced in his mind. On his cock. He swallowed. "If... if... if you really think that is a good idea." He said very reluctantly.

"Well, she's a fairly skilled mage, and I highly doubt she's on my brothers' side by choice. I will make sure she doesn't decide to force herself on you again. If you don't want her to, that is." Her familiar mischievous and naughty grin spread across her face, though she did not look at him. That was an interesting thought - both her and Selene driving Caleldir to madness with their bodies. Make him lose himself to passion. Ashyr wasn't particularly horny before, but that was quickly changing with such thoughts as those to help her along. At that point, she'd noticed where her hand had strayed. Instead of moving it away, she very gradually moved it upwards towards his groin. He was ignoring her for now, but how long would he be able to keep it up?

As Ashyr moved her hand upwards, it was not just Caleldir's posture that had stiffened. Still, he seemed really keen on ignoring her roving touch. A slight sweat appeared on his brow that was not just from the steamy bath. He stared straight ahead. "Of course I do not want her to force herself on me." He lied. Normally, he never directly lied, but this time he was lying to himself. Even though he had managed to half fool himself, when it came to anyone else he was a terrible, terrible liar. "But it would be useful to have some magic training. I can only cast a few of the most minor spells. I have always wanted to have a good magic teacher."

Ashyr decided to let his obvious lie go. "We will need her - not just for training. Assuming it's still an accurate count, we'll have at least five males to contend with, and that's not even considering the commoners they might have enlisted." She said.

Caleldir visibly relaxed, until he realized that Ashyr was still teasing him with her hand. Then he unrelaxed again right quickly. "Only five?" He said with relief. "I thought that we were talking about armies of them. Of course, I suppose that as five noblemen they would have armies, but still... No, I must not underestimate them. They are your relatives, after all." 

"Armies of them? Hah, no. Not quite. You're right about them having armies, though, especially if they can rally the commoner males who are tired of being second-best. Selene would know more of the situation. Another reason why we have to find her."

She was tired of talking about her family. It was a terrifying subject, though the only time Ashyr would admit to that is in her dreams. "Remember when I said interesting things happen in bathhouses?" She whispered. By then her head was turned to him, her eyes lidded and filled with lust.

She had not stopped moving her hands yet, and it drove all questions about her family from his head. He knew where her hand was heading, and even under the hot water, his cock twitched with anticipation. His face, however, just stared forward. Perhaps he could get her to lose interest by ignoring her. "I do remember that." He replied. "But-" his words suddenly turned into a sort of moaning breath. Ashyr's hand had made it to his dick. As always, she felt divine. He should get out right now... No, he did not want to leave her to her bad memories. She could hardly be willing to go all the way here in the baths. Someone could walk in and see them.

The sound of his moaning breath caused Ashyr to bit her lip in anticipation. He was absolutely wrong about her not trying anything just because they could be discovered at any moment. If anything, that little fact was an incentive. She stroked him a couple of times just to enjoy the feel of him in her hand. Then she turned to sit on his lap facing him. A playful smirk tugged at the corner of her mouth. "But what?" She asked as her hand still stroked at him almost lazily. Ashyr would get him to look at her one way or the other. She was confident that he wouldn't be able to ignore her for very much longer. Hell, she hadn't even brought out her full arsenal of distracting tactics. The drow had over a hundred years to practice.

Gritting his teeth to prevent himself from vocalizing sounds that would only encourage the mischievous woman, Caleldir endured her strokes. They were hard to ignore though. If nothing else, his own hands were feeling restless with desire to participate. Perhaps he should slip his hands between her legs and give her a taste of her own medicine... No! Absolutely not. Instead, he had to get away from her before the temptation was too much to bear. Except she had already cut his off his escape route by turning around and sliding over his lap. It was useless to try to stifle his reaction now. He met her mirthful eyes with an almost strangled look, torn as he was in multiple directions. Still, as it increasingly was with this woman, he could not make himself get away. It would not be hard to lift her up and push her off, all he had to do was reach up and... wait. That was just an excuse to touch her. He would wrap his hands around her waist, or maybe her thighs, and then instead of pushing her away all they would do would be to sit there feeling her. But if he did nothing... "What are you thinking?" He whispered. "What if someone were to come into the bathhouse? They would see us!"

The look on his face was enough to make her laugh, as were his whispered words. She managed to contain herself, however. Her hand kept going, but she was gradually rubbing a little harder, a little faster. At first, her other hand rose to knead and play at her breast. But she longed for him to touch her like he had the day before. So her hand left her body reached for one of his hands to pull it to her breast. He didn't resist. Instead, he actually began massaging her. His other hand even slid up her leg from her calf, to her thighs, up her bottom, and finally rested in the small of her back. "Yes they would." Her mouth split into a wide grin. "We'd better make it quick, then, hadn't we?" Despite her words, she made no attempt to be quick at all. Instead, she leaned forward to press her mouth against his neck. If he really hated this, then he could just lift her off of him. The water would make her exceedingly easy to move. He hadn't tried to do so yet, and that was all the encouragement she needed from him. "If it really makes you uncomfortable, I can have Bard watch and warn us if anyone looks like they want to come in." Ashyr highly doubted that anyone would. The whole town partied pretty hard.
