 Under New Management (Friday Night, Continued) 

Once Candy returned to tie up the mad Doctor and his assistant who, together, were responsible for vulcanizing us, I tried to focus on what to do next. We had some major stuff to nail down. Here we were, seven girls thrown together by chance, our bodies transformed into shapes that were (in my newly found opinion) super sexy ... but not exactly human. What now? Were the changes permanent? And was this constant craving for sex permanent, too? Not that I minded, of course - as long as I could get me some. 

Which brought up the biggest question. I'd proposed that we feed our needs by taking over the Club. But how, exactly, were we going to make this operation work for us? 

Fuck it, I thought. Time for another round with April, right now. 

April (now officially 'Pril' - she decided it sounded tougher) was obviously in the same space, because we were suddenly in a standing lip-lock, our tongues literally tied together, with enough lingua left over to side down each other's throats. Hey, I thought - no gag reflex. I gotta try this out on Clyde's prong. And Demi's tail. 

We must have been at it for a while, 'cause bye and bye and by I felt something squeeze between our legs. It was Candy, joining in our game. She'd come over all lusty, like us. I shivered with delight as her proboscis worked its knobbly way into my ever-ready cunt. Once she was solidly ensconced, things got even better - Pril straddled her crouching ex-pet's neck and then started humping the back of her smooth noggin from behind. 

As Pril ground her sex into Candy (and so drove Candy deeper into me), she - Pril, that is - sort of snickered into my throat, and then finally broke off that glorious kiss to ask, "Does this count as giving head?" 

It was kind of dopey, but it got Candy going. I'm here to tell you that when somebody's cock laughs inside you ... well! It's probably sort of a reverse hummer. Not to be missed. 

After our mini-orgy concluded, I sent Pril into a side-room to check out the inventory; but I figured most of the answers were right there with me. The Doctor knew plenty, except he was presently hanging upside-down in the corner, wrapped up in duct tape like a fly in a web and glaring daggers. Then there was Molly, who was artistically suspended about three feet off the floor, stretched out on her back with heavy ribbons of tape leading from her wrists and ankles to the four corners of the room. Candy may have accepted her new body, preferred it even, but I think she still held a grudge. And she seemed to have found a whole lot of tape. 

Molly seemed the best bet. We could hardly trust her but, unlike the Doctor, she was more or less sane. And as I say, she was hanging spread-eagle and naked in the middle of the room. I walked around her, thoughtfully, and observed that my trusty dildo was still projecting from her bald pussy. Cool - we're gonna have us an interrogation. I reached between her thighs, and hesitated a moment before I rotated the rubber wang inside her (I had discovered a love for antici...pation, as Dr. Frank-N-Furter would have it). When I twisted the toy, I finally noticed a recessed button. That brute was a deluxe vibrator - big enough it must have held three 'D' cells, easy. I switched it on, and Molly gasped and rolled her head as her first (or rather most recent) orgasm swept through her. This was going to be fun. 

"So, Molly. First question. Are we gonna look like this for good?" 

The woman shook in her bonds, and caught her breath. "Yeah ...absolutely. We can't ... reverse ... only add things. Like, Doc was gonna ... add tails to ... the ones you call Clyde and Blackie." 

How'd she know that? Oh, right, I'd sent the girls out to the club floor using the names I'd made up. Barring Candy, of course. And Patches, who had turned back and solemnly said, "Not 'Patches'. I shall be Mistress Pantoufle." After she'd left, Pril said, "I don't think that means what she thinks it means." I'd shrugged and said, "Madame Slippers? Probably not." Shortly after that, we were locked in that major three-way suck-face I mentioned. But I digress. 

"They're with the rest in the back ... Oh My God! ... if you want me to ... finish them up," Molly continued, trembling. 

"Maybe later," I said, and then persuaded her to explain more about the costumes. 

"Ah, right ... adding things. ... Oh, Yeah! ... Umm, we tried to put a girl ... in a second suit ... once. A different one. It went ... horribly wrong. Got full price for her, though. ... No accounting for taste." 

Well, ugh. "You've been doing this - rubberizing girls - in other towns?" 

"Mmmm. Sure." And then, bizarrely enough, she closed her eyes and began to sing in a surprisingly strong, if occasionally ragged, alto: 

"I travel the world and the seven seas. 

Everybody's looking for something. 

Some of them want to use you; 

some of them want to get used by you. 

... Fucking Christ! ... 

Some of them want to abuse you; 

some of them want to be abused..." 

Okay, so she was a loonie, after all. Who was I to judge? 

Molly echoed my thoughts, singing, "Who am I to disagree?" 

I broke in. "Right, I'll take that as a yes." It looked like it was about time to turn off the vibrator for a bit. Molly whimpered when I did. Next question: "And what did your ... customers make of the weird shit?" 

She took a deep breath, and seemed to focus. "If you mean the, um, unusual modifications ... Doc's only recently started experimenting with that stuff. Up to now, we've pretty much stuck to the basic model Submissive. You know - any colour you like, as long as it's black." 

She started to giggle, and I was afraid she was completely losing her grip, such as it was. But earlier she'd said she actually wanted to join us. And I'd noticed that, mind control machine or not, the four girls in the Submissive costumes were still ... well, submissive. Not like, grovelling, but they were certainly willing to take orders. Of course, I didn't know whether they were predisposed that way. 

"How did you choose who ended up a Dom?" 

"I didn't. Really. We did a couple people who wanted to be Doms, but I wasn't sure if they were going to come out right." She hummed a bit more, then added, "I told Doc I wasn't gonna make any more. Warned him they could be trouble." 

No kidding. That didn't prove my theory, such as it was (although I had been accused occasionally of being bossy); but I figured the sooner I got a leash and collar on this one, the better. "Are you ready to become one of us?" 

"Yes, please ..." said Molly, in a little-girl whisper. 

"Geez, I hope you haven't broken her," said Pril, who had re-appeared at my side. "We still need her. There's a full laboratory back there, and lots of costumes, but I couldn't find any instructions. There was a shoebox with sales records, though. And a whole lot of cash." 

"Sales records?" 

"Up to date - as, in there's two Dom units available, in blue or black." 

"Meaning you and me." I think I actually snarled at that. 

Pril continued. "Plus a DX - X stands for extra bits - and four SX models. Like she says, the wild combo stuff is mostly new. But there were twenty-two units already sold of the original Subs, plus a few others." 

"Maybe we can rescue some of those girls." 

"How?" 

"I don't know - issue a recall? Shipping and handling pre-paid, kind of thing ... wait a sec." Turning back to Molly, I asked, "How did you ship them?" 

"Frozen ... you guys thaw out good as new." 

"Okay, that's it!" To Pril I said, "Was there anything back there you figure she might deserve?" 

"There was a full horse suit - actually, more of a kinky 'My Little Pony' kit." 

"Perfect!" 

"Memory..." It was Molly again. 

"Say what?" I was afraid she was going to sing again. 

"We made one once - for an Emir - the girl couldn't remember anything from before, near as we could figure ..." 

"What's that mean?" 

"Well, it was hard to tell. She couldn't talk, could she?" 

"Shit," said Candy, who had been by the door, enjoying the show. "I'm out of here." 

I shook my head. "April, I mean Pril, see if you can find something you figure would suit our Molly, while I start her off with one of those special recipe Bloody Mary's." 

>< >< >< 

I turned to follow Candy and nearly bumped into Pantoufle rushing into the backroom. "We've got a problem," she gasped. I assumed it was something else beside the tacky black vampire cape she was wrapped in - then I remembered she was watching the front door. She must have nicked the cape from cloakroom so as not to frighten off custom. "A woman came in wearing a full Dom suit, and she has two girls on leashes that look like us. Well, like Elfie, most, except they're black, and their tongues are normal. I think. Oh, and they have cocks where their clits should have been. Regular ones, not like Clyde's." 

"That must be Carla," said Molly. "Back in Chicago, we sold her a brace of model SPs - they're Submissives with the lady-pleaser modification. She's probably shopping for another unit, or maybe she wants to customize the ones she's got." 

"Whatever," said Pantoufle. "But when she came in, I zoned out. It was like before you pulled the plug on the mind control machine. We sort of kissed for a while, and she had her pets do me ..." 

"Was she wearing a big pendant shaped like a pocket pussy?" 

"Um - yes, I suppose it was. I mean, she was." 

"It's a portable controller. Very effective at short range - say, ten or twenty feet." 

"Well, that explains why the other girls are all hanging around her, taking turns." She didn't have to say what they were taking turns at. 

"Great," I said. "How are we supposed to deal with that?" 

"Maybe we could get Emile or Trixie to grab it," said Pantoufle. 

"Who?" 

"The doorman and the coatroom girl just came back. I think they wanted to see if they still had jobs. I told them, of course you do. They're back at it now." 

This was all moving way too fast. "Have ... wait, that big ape is named Emile? Anyway, have Emile tell Carla that her pendant is interfering with the master machine, and he's been asked to turn it off and take it to the cloakroom for safekeeping." 

Molly added her two bits worth. "I expect you're gonna want to rescue Carla's pets. She's very rich - all our customers are. Do you know you cost a hundred grand each? If you were to get her back here and change her over, she'd make a useful member of our community. As in, we could buy this building - or better still, find a secluded place to live, out of town. Doc and I had to move along pretty regular - can't have too many girls disappear at once." 

I couldn't help but notice that Molly considered herself one of us, now. And then I registered that last item. "You changed seven of us in one night!" 

"Yeah, well - we got kinda greedy. And Doc was so keen to try out his new kinks. I think you might have been a pre-order." 

Ugh, again. Still, she had a point about the secret hideout. But first we had to take out that controller. 

Pril had returned with two flat unmarked boxes. She dropped them by the door, and then she and I went out to post ourselves behind the bar, so as to check out Carla. The woman was as advertised, with black camisole and boots, and what appeared to be a cat-o'-nine-tails in her belt. Even across the room, I could feel some of the effects from her control gizmo - I was getting both woozy and horny. Or rather, hornier. 

The thing had overwhelmed the rest of Team Latex, except for Pantoufle, who skirted along the furthest wall to get Emile. Like me, she was still near enough to feel the machine's effects - I could see an elbow bob as she screwed her hand into her hungry cunt. Even so, she was making slow, bow-legged progress for the front door. 

As for Carla, she had sat Clyde down and was riding as much cock as she could handle. Her back rested on Clyde's many pillowy breasts, while her body was otherwise balanced over the top of ten unused inches of horse wang. 

The other Subs were likewise in the sex-bot zone, all lined up and waiting to serve. Among them, I spotted Carla's pets. They looked identical to one another - interchangeable. In their present state, they probably couldn't tell the difference themselves. When (or if) we rescued them, we were going to have to label them: Hello, my name is ... 

There were even more customers in the place than before, and most of them were watching Carla and her new entourage. From her unique peg-throne, she assigned each of the Subs to service one or more of her audience. She was putting them through their paces to see which one would be her next purchase. Many people had already experienced Clyde and Candy's charms, and were particularly eager to try out their cousins. 

Elfie, her plump lips stretched tight around her fat pecker-tongue, was set to pleasuring my old friend the Leather Girl, while Candy was lined up with the French maid. The two knelt side by side and began pumping their cunning cocks inside the ecstatic women. I tugged on my clit in envy. 

Demi was paired off with a newcomer, a big blonde-bearded dude in a Viking costume. What with the matching horns, they made a good couple. He hoisted her up and stood rogering her in approved Viking fashion, so that she threw her head back and waved her cloven hooves in pleasure. Her tail, still seemingly doing its own thing, sought out the pussy of the scantily clad 'plunder-maiden' who trailed on the other end of a chain fastened to his belt. By all appearances, the arrangement suited all three.  

The schoolgirl twins managed to call Carla's two stock Sub units. They happily climbed aboard the rigidly waiting cocks without even waiting for a warm-up spanking. 

Bad light notwithstanding, it was no longer possible for people to overlook the fact that we were impossibly endowed. There was a buzz from the crowd, now. Ears or not, my hearing was better than ever (I've no idea how). Some people were saying we were from space, while others claimed we were creatures from another dimension. Everyone took it quite well - they seemed to be flattered that Carla (who behaved for all the world like she owned all of us) had chosen Club Latex to share her alien sex-slaves. 

Only one patron had noticed that over half a dozen nervous girls in civvies had earlier come in the front door and disappeared out the back. That was the pony girl I had seen when I first arrived, and whom Clyde had later serviced (from behind in a traditional horsy-style fuck, while her 'owner' had held her bogus tail clear). Now I could hear her voice for the first time, whispering around her bridle to tell her boss her observations, and wondering if - just maybe - she could finally become a real pony. 

It made me think of Pinocchio wanting to be a real boy, and that conjured images of where else the doctor might have thought a cock could grow. Probably not a good look. I shuddered and decided that if THAT suit was in the back room, it had Doc's name on it. Whatever - Molly was right. There seemed to be a market for voluntary 'conversions'. 

But just now, we had a new problem. Supposing Emile managed to shut down the controller, we then had to hustle Carla out the back in front of a big audience, while the Subs all woke up and tried to figure out what had hit them. 

Molly was again ahead of me. "Take her a Smirnov on the rocks - a big one," she called from the back room "Trust me - it'll mellow her out." 

I had to do it now, and hope Emile pulled it off - so to speak. "Pril! Get a suit ready for her. One of those Sub jobs ought to do it. And better cut down Molly and the Doc, and drag them into the lab, out of sight. Oh, and I think we've got a buyer for the pony suit." 

So. There I was, marching across the room and feeling myself slip into my pleasure unit mode. Well, okay, since I had been made into a Dom, maybe I was more of a punishment unit. In any case, I was definitely under the spell of Carla's machine by the time I reached her. 

Carla looked up, pleased to see yet another free sample sex-bot - this one literally high-heeled, and bearing a mouth-watering, tumbler-sized Black Russian. 

I nearly didn't give it to her ... I wasn't designed to be a good servant. I came close to arrogantly knocking it back myself, but then I managed to vaguely recall that I was on a mission to do Carla. I leaned in and gave her a lick from chin to earlobe. After closing my eyes and savouring the salty flavour of her skin, I presented the drink with a look that suggested that I was expecting something in trade. 

Which at that point I was - I seriously needed to get fucked. 

Carla took the hint and, still impaled on Clyde's organ, leaned forward to suck on my fat starboard nipple. It felt like she had it right down her throat, growling with pleasure around it, and then - Sweet Jesus - I felt myself coming just from the suction. My eyes rolled back and I let go with both guns, the one spurting down her throat and the other catching Leather Girl in the eye. 

After a healthy slug of my calcium-rich boob-beverage, she broke off and chased it by draining the spiked cocktail in one long swallow. After, she licked a thick drop off her finger like it was freshly served cum. 

While savouring the mixed flavours, she squirmed on her supporting pole for a bit, then she gave me an approving grin, and we settled into a full on, tit-pressing clinch. She was sucking my tongue like she had my teat when Emile finally showed up. 

"Excuse me, madam." 

Fuck off, I thought. We're busy. 

Carla was probably thinking the same thing, but when she looked up at the hulking gorilla in the tux, she clearly got a better idea. "Do join us," she purred. 

"Thank you madam, I would be pleased to do so. But before I can take you up on your generous offer, I must deal with a small difficulty. I've been instructed to inform you that your lovely pendant is causing some interference difficulties with a similar installation on the premises, and must be shut down. I was told that you would understand the problem, and asked also to relay the management's hope that you thoroughly enjoy our samples. There is, I believe, a significant discount for repeat customers." 

While our Cro-Magnon Jeeves delivered his speech, Carla's eyebrows were arched high (whereas I didn't have a clue what he was on about; I spent the time trying to get inside the man's pants). After brief consideration, she accepted his request, and reached inside the rude, fleshy blob that hung around her neck. 

>< >< >< 

Just as before, there was a moment rather like when someone shuts down a big noise nearby - like a jet engine or something. There was a sort of ringing sensation in my head, while I got my bearings. I had just caught hold of Jeeve's pecker when I remembered what I was supposed to be doing. I very briefly considered having a closer look at what was in my hand, but duty called. 

Like me, the Subs came to their senses; but apparently they were all still enjoying what their senses were presently ... um, sensing. Of course, their responses and behaviour changed, but subtly. They were no doubt wondering how they had come to have either tongue or tail or cock lodged in a stranger. Several would also be wondering how they came to have a cock at all. 

Luckily, Carla was already muddled by her mickey. It went like clockwork. Jeeves lifted her gently off of Clyde, and I relieved her of the pendant. Then we led her by the arm to the change room, both of us acting as though it had been her idea all along. Meanwhile Clyde spotted the two new-to-us latex gals, who were just on the edge of freaking. Although she had no idea what had just gone down, she knew they were going to need a debriefing PDQ. She managed to extricate them from the schoolgirls and lead them out back, right behind us. 
