 I wish to give a "Big Thank You" to Ray Ross for his help editing my mess. Below is the re-edited Chapter 1. However, do not fear there is a completed Chapter 2 out for editing which will be posted as soon as possible.

I wish to also thank the unexpected responses from so many readers. As a way of saying thank you, a preview of next chapter will involve a BIG transformation for our hero, Rod, two women, the emasculation of another guy, and a lot of stroke material. But remember, despite all the prurient content of next chapter, this is still a serious and highly academic exercise in advanced psychology, exploring the controversial Prussian theory of "the evolution of late adolescent male sexual fantasy in post modern dialectic society."

So, any snickering in the back of the class room, or comments about the impossibility of omnipotent penile size, shall adversely affect your grade. Thank you.

Prof No Gratis

*

This is an unrealistic sexual fantasy of highly improbable occurrences, impossible events, and massive genitals. An exposé into to the post adolescent male subconscious sex thriller of achieving alpha male status of epic proportion, and an excuse to write about massive sexual orgies involving one man and countless sexy women. This is porn, parody, a hopefully a little humor. You have been warned, please don't bother to tell me his penis is too big!!!

I picked up my cell phone, it was my high school friend, Charlie, from my office. 

"What's up, Rod, how was the flight to New Orleans?"

"Uneventful, just checked my bags into the hotel, but they won't have my room ready until noon. I'm just going to grab some breakfast. By the way, nice hotel. Sure beats the typical motel corporate usually gives us," I said.

"You know, I pulled some strings with Corporate to give you VIP accommodations. Besides it was the least I could do, given what I have to tell you next. You see, I have some good news and some bad," he explained.

I thanked him. Charlie and I went back to grammar school together. He was the person that got me this technician job with AP Medical and that was why I was here in New Orleans instead of back at home working as some clerk in a grocery store. You see, I am what you would call an underachiever. I'm a nice guy but I always lacked any ambition or assertiveness. I once saw a therapist for a while and she told me that I was extremely passive; it affected all my relationships: work, family, and especially whatever little relationship I had with women. Since 1st grade on I was always the kid getting picked on and abused; and now that I was all grown up things were different, but not really. I was a bona fide loser with people in general, so, when Charlie got me the job, I was very grateful. The job, a service technician for expensive and complicated medical hardware, was not a great paying job by any means, as my current financial crisis of not being able to pay my rent proved. But it allowed me to travel around the country about 80% of the time, repairing the medical machines that AP manufactured. While the company usually put me up in some discount motel on my travels, this time Charlie had seriously hooked me up with a swank boutique hotel in the heart of the French Quarter. It was almost like I was on a fancy vacation, except that I had to be at the University Hospital fixing medical machines in the morning.

"Well, the Hospital called and their equipment seems to be working, so your service call has been cancelled," Charlie continued. Charlie could hear my disappointment that I would have to leave tomorrow to return to headquarters and deal with my jack-ass boss, Cindy, again.

"No, the good news is that I talked corporate into keeping you there for a full two weeks on standby. University Hospital is a big account and they have been having trouble with the new APAC units. I got them to agree that keeping a tech nearby is in their best interest. So buddy, you got a two week standby call with full amenities at AP's expense," he chuckled.

"Charlie, you're the best. I don't know what I did to deserve a friend like you." I said.

"You might not feel that way after the bad news. I don't know any other way to put this: you are going to get fired as soon as you get back. That bitch, Cindy, is on a personal crusade against you, I swear there was nothing I could do to help. Donaldson and every other VP wants to fuck her so bad, they kiss her ass. I have no idea what you did to her to make her hate you this much," he explained.

"Nothing. I swear I did nothing." Cindy Michaels was probably the hottest woman to ever work at AP Medical. Within 3 months, she rose up from a college intern to director of operations on her looks alone, and she loathed me for no reason. Except, deep down, I knew she hated me for being a loser. "Charlie, you know my situation with the landlord, why now?" I rumbled.

"Can't Jane help out?" Charlie encouraged. "Jane dumped me last week. I am totally fucked." Jane was my live-in girlfriend for the last two years. Jane, or plain Jane, was nothing special to look at but she kept me company. I was grateful for that, even if I knew she was using me the whole time. The truth was that most of my terrible financial trouble was due to her maxing out all my credit cards and having me pay for everything for her, including her college tuition so she could finish her degree. Unfortunately, she got her degree last month and a fairly decent paying job at the same time. With me being broke and about to get evicted, I guess Jane had no more use for me, except for sex, and even that was questionable since we only had sex twice in the first two months of our relationship.

"Shit, I am really sorry. I'll try to help out when you get back. For now, the best I can do is give you a two week vacation at the posh Hotel Du Royale and a food expense card. Really, I hate giving you this bad news. Shit, they would can my ass, if they knew I told you. So please, keep this between us," Charlie unnecessarily said, knowing as well as I that I would never seek a confrontation with Cindy or anyone else for that matter.

"Thanks, Charlie. I know you did all you could. Let me know if Uni wants to schedule service. I'm going to take your advice and relax for two weeks then pick up the pieces when I get back," I said and hung up.

Once I hung up, I did a quick mental accounting of the situation. I was almost penniless, going to be jobless in two weeks, about to get evicted, and I was girlfriendless with not much chance of finding anyone new for a long while. On the other hand, Charlie had given me a hell of a severance package, even if AP Medical did not give severance to lowly techs. The best course of action, at the moment, was not to worry until I got back, and just try to enjoy the nice hotel and the City. I guessed I had a life time to worry about being a loser when I got back home. 

I had left my bags at the hotel's front desk because my room would not be ready until noon. I was outside and it was already becoming a very hot summer day in the City. I decided to go back to my original plan of taking a stroll and getting some breakfast. Now, I had never been to the French Quarter or New Orleans for that matter, and I was surprised to discover that the Quarter was far more than a bunch of bars and strip joints on Bourbon Street. My hotel was located on a street named Royal Street which seemed more upscale than Bourbon, and was populated by small restaurants and antique shops.

Wanting to escape the heat, I decided to check out a small antique shop. I decided from the front window of one shop that it was a "cool" antique shop, as opposed to the more stuffy shops I had passed which sold expensive old furniture. Its name was Ray's and within the small store were assorted old muskets, ancient coins, and other old and ancient relics more suited to a museum than an art collection. 

As I was studying the curious wares, an elderly southern gentleman standing behind the counter offered his help. With only $500 dollars in my checking account and a maxed out credit card, I really wasn't in the market for anything, but the man, whom I assumed was Ray, seemed pleasant enough, and I decided that I would humor him. 

Good naturedly, I removed my baseball cap, wiped my forehead, and said half laughing, "You know what I could use, a good luck talisman." Old Ray gestured me toward his glass counter and pointed toward some clay figurines. "Egyptian funeral figures, circa 1st century," he said as he looked at me questioningly. 

"I don't know, 1st century sounds kind of old and kind of expensive." I said

"Nar, they're quite common. I sell them for only fifty bucks," Ray replied. He pulled them out of the glass case and handed one of them to me to study. They were old clay statuettes the size of my palm, nothing really special like Ray said. Trying to get out of being suckered into a sale that I surely couldn't afford, I told him it really wasn't what I was looking for.

Old Ray thoughtfully responded, "Look son, I been in this business for 40 years, and I have seen all kinds of interesting things, but I can assure you there are no magical talismans or genie lanterns that can turn a man's luck around." I stared back at his face in surprise. This old guy had my number, that is just what I needed a shiny genie lamp to change my luck. "Yeah well, a guy can only dream." I lamented, feeling kind of like a loser again seeing that this stranger could so easily sense my desperation. 

"What a second!" he barked and then turned heading down his long counter to a doorway to a back room. I immediately suspected he was going to come out with another trinket to sell me. I figured that Old Ray was an extremely good judge of character and not only judged me for a guy down on my luck but also a push over who couldn't say no. If he thought that, he was right on both counts and I decided to leave before he could come out and corner me. 

However, before I could make my break, the curtain to the back room opened. Time suddenly stopped as I stared at what I could only call the hottest looking woman I ever saw within 15 feet of my person. I was gripped with lust and paralyzed by the sheer beauty of this woman. She was blonde, tall and dressed like a stripper, with the body of one too. She strutted behind the counter, stopping directly across from me, where I could see that she was barely dressed. She was wearing only a tight fitting black one-piece and a pair of unbuttoned Daisy Duke shorts. The top exposed half of her large perfect breasts and all of her arms and shoulders, while the shorts exposed every inch of her long, lean legs. As I stared like an idiot, she held out an object covered by a black cloth in her manicured hands. She stared back at me with total confidence, not seeming even slightly offended by my blatant ogling of her body. I felt like I was in the presence of a living sex goddess. She was my superior and probably the superior of any other man or woman, and she was deep looking into my eyes... piercing my very soul... in judgment. 

And then, after an eternity, she nodded her head in approval. She said, "Mr. Mastaff, I am Kaley, and I have waited longer than you can imagine for a real man to give this to." It was as if she was referring to her body instead of to the artifact hidden by the black cloth.

Wait, I thought, how did she know my name and did she just call a pathetic, broke loser like me a 'real man'. Not in a million years could this happen to a guy like me, and then I realized with some lament that Old Man Ray was a killer marketer and had probably put up his incredibly hot niece to sell some sucker something worth a lot more than a $50 dollar 1st century clay figurine. I was sure that no man had ever said 'no' to Kaley, and all I could stammer out was a "What...What.... is it?"

Immediately, Kaley's facial demeanor changed from lofty super sex goddess to flirtatious stripper trying to woo the richest guy in the club. Looking down at her hands, she slowly un-wrapped the black cloth to reveal a thick, golden bracelet. My heart fell the moment I saw it, it looked to be ancient and made out of gold, and I knew I would never be able to please this woman by buying it from her. As if she read my mind she explained, "It is solid gold plus other rare elements that have no name. It comes from the time of myths, and it is over 10,000 years old."

It immediately registered in the back of mind that this was sounding more and more like total bullshit, but I felt no desire to contradict her. She was so perfect; I just wanted to watch her lips move.

"It is called," she lustily purred, 'the Crown of the Supreme Being' or the 'Ring of the Master of the Gods'." Despite her incredible beauty, this line of BS registered thru the sexual haze that this super-babe had inflicted on me. Examining the gold bracelet for the first time, I joked, judging from its circumference, "the old gods must have either had little heads or massive fingers."

Kaley didn't laugh, her demeanor changed back to the stern, powerful, erotic presence she had exhibited when she first entered the room. Her shoulders straightened, her head leaned slightly forward and her eyes glared steadily into mine, "It is neither a crown for the head nor a ring for the finger. It is a cock ring," she said, drawing out the word "Cock." 

Now, everyone knows sex sells, but Kaley's sales pitch was becoming as pornographic as it was ridiculous. But regardless, I could not help but stare at the circumference of the golden ring and try to calculate the enormous dimensions of the cock that would fit thought the bracelet sized ring. Insane, I thought, still trying to do the math when Kaley seemed to read my mind again.

"Eighteen inches and as thick as the ring, if not much thicker at the god head" she answered my unspoken question. Then as if recalling some distant memory, she spread her long legs, gripped her tight, unbuttoned denim shorts with both hands, the eyes in her head rolled back, and her perfect lips spread wide in an "O", as if she was having an orgasm. It was a hotter performance of a woman having an orgasm than I had ever imagined. I guessed that Ray's Antiques was willing to pull out all the stops to close a sale. If I'd had any money to spend, Kaley could have sold me a cigar ring for two thousand dollars at that moment, and it still would have been worth it. She was so damn hot and her performance was the sexiest thing I had ever witnessed. Except for one thing - I didn't think she was acting. I could smell her arousal, and it was far more than the sweet aroma of a beautiful woman in mere arousal. On some instinctual level, my brain recognized her orgasm as the total satisfaction of her being. As arousing as it was, it was also unsettling. I already felt overwhelmed by her beauty, and now I felt inadequate knowing I could never bring her such pleasure as I had just witnessed her experience.

Yes, I was captivated by her eroticism. I could only stare, amazed at having seen what could only be described as some kind of supernatural orgasm produced by her mere thought of the mythical enormous cock that would fit through the golden ring on the counter. It was unimaginable to me, but Kaley seemed compelled to describe her vision.

"So big and filled with incredible power and strength, the giant god head holding near infinite power, followed by a muscular shaft, with excessive power flowing from the enormous balls always ready to be released to reward and empower his slave bitches. It is so powerful that gods and mortals are made humble and obedient, while every beautiful woman falls to her knees in submission, begging to be owned by it and to worship it."

"Worship the ring?" I asked, confused and now staring at the golden bracelet. "The cock... the cock .... the god cock" she gasped. "The ring is merely the key to unleashing the power to the one who is worthy, a man who is man enough for it. You are worthy, the first man ever strong enough to be a god to the gods."

"Me?" I said with self doubt, before feeling stupid for getting so caught up in the erotica that I lost track of reality. Ray and his niece were crazy to believe that this would work, even with a weak willed wimp like myself, I thought, even though I knew deep down that I would have paid Kaley anything she asked even without the simulated sex show or the hocus-pocus story. "I don't have any money to buy it with," I said with disappointment, realizing the show would end. 

"Rodney, I am not here to sell it to you. I am here to give it to you. All you must do is choose to accept it." She said.

What the hell, I thought. I didn't get it. My mind tried to follow the logic and figure out where this was going. She had me totally off balance, and I had no idea what the game was at this point. In fact, I realized I had no idea how she knew my first and last name. Totally lost, I gave up trying to figure it out and said, "It's solid gold, what is this all about?" 

She smiled at my confusion and started her story. According to Kaley, long ago in the time of myths, about 10,000 years ago, powerful male beings walked the earth with mortals. These were the ancient gods described in the myths of later mortal civilizations. These gods were incredibly powerful and able to control reality with their wills, but their power was limited and depended on manna to charge their divine bodies. The gods gained manna when mortals worshipped them, the more worshippers, the more manna, the stronger the gods became.

Because worship was vital to the god's power and to their survival, they zealously guarded their mortal followers as chattel against other gods. In the time of myths, there were many gods and each struggled against the others to gain more mortal followers. This competition lead to wars between the gods and, in time, killed off many mortals and threatened the very survival of the gods themselves. The gods, realizing that this war amongst them was disastrous, called a truce. However, the god's were prideful and they knew that peace could not be sustained. Accordingly, they agreed to a new competition that would decide once and for all who would be the king of the gods.

In order to do this, they created the 'Ring of the Master of the Gods' by each god pouring all their strength and power into the golden ring. Once this was done, the prior gods had become inferior like mortal men, but they each took that risk in hope of obtaining all the power of the other gods for themselves from the ring. Fearing the trickery of the other gods, the gods gave the ring supreme knowledge to decide who would be most deserving of the ring's power. The ring was charged with creating a harmonious relationship between mortals and the new King of the Gods, so that mortals would prosper and the chosen god would become supremely powerful from the exclusive worship of mortals. 

Of course, none of the gods knew what that relationship would be. In the days of myth, each god had their own domain, some were gods of the sea, sky, etc., and each god hoped that the perfect relationship with mortal worshippers would be their domain. But, the ring, in its divine wisdom, chose supreme manhood as the perfect domain for the god of all gods to rule mortals and the universe. To guide the gods, the ring had written the traits of true manhood on the outside of the ring and then bonded the mortal traits by writing the divine conditions of the Supreme Being on the inside of the ring.

Of course, all of the former gods, who were now weak mortals, claimed that they should have the ring choose them for the power and that they alone were worthy. But the ring decreed that a mortal woman would judge the manhood of the gods. For the ring knew that only a perfect woman could ascertain the presence of the true supreme male. Soon after, each god attempted to court the beautiful woman. However, the woman, being so beautiful and perfect, was not swayed by her formerly divine suitors. In fact, she found that they all lacked many of the qualities of manhood that the ring knew would cause her to submit to a man. In the end, all the gods failed to woo the woman and, now being mortal, they faded away with time. The woman became the guardian of the ring and was cursed to stand in eternal judgment of man, waiting for a man who would be man enough to be the god of all gods.
