 Author's Note: I am genuinely surprised by the sheer volume of positive feedback. Never in a million years would I have imagined that the general public might have a deep intellectual interest in advanced sexual/psychological theory. My prestigious colleagues who have studied the Prussian theory thought I was mad attempting to give life to the primal fantasy, let alone that I would be receiving kind words from readers.

In this episode, Kaley, the primordial modern version of Lilth, fulfills the promise of the pre sexual teen and bestows the dialectic condition on the story's hero, Rod, thus transforming him from a befuddled asexual entity to a supreme epicenter of sexual dynamicism, which entitled him to .... FUCK.... without restrictions. 

But I should warn the readers, this exploration of the Prussian theory seeks to offer a possible scenario, a vision, of what unlimited male sexual power would mean. The reader should expect Rod to engage in sexual encounters that in size and scope would be considered epic in proportion. If you are offended by this, I will make arrangements for your transfer to women's studies department.

Please enjoy the next episode, and a test will be handled out on Friday. Thank you.

Professor NoGratis

Cock Ring of the Gods

Chapter 2: Anointing and Educating

"Big room for a big cock." Kaley said. She was standing at the foot of the hotel suite bed.

I nearly jumped out of my skin, "What the hell are you doing in my room?" I said, startled.

"You invited me here when we had our little talk at the antique store." She calmly responded. 

"I know, but how the hell did you get in here?" I corrected her.

"Rodney," she said with amusement as she spun around in front of me to display her body. "Do you think the hotel desk boy would have refused this, especially after I told him that I wanted to surprise my boyfriend?" She said waving her hands to emphasize her body.

"Boyfriend?" I squeaked.

She cocked her head as if to say "whatever," and then continued with a pout, "Besides, I am the guardian of the ring which makes me, let's say, a little more influential than just these looks."

I was still near speechless and my mind reeled trying to figure out how she had found me, since my room had been assigned only minutes ago. Again, the sexy but mysterious Kaley seemed to answer my question without me saying anything.

"It was simple deduction. You tasted the power. I can feel it, it makes me very wet. You know that? You are something much more than you were this morning at the antique store; you're stronger, better. You're a guest at this hotel, where do you think they would put you? Do you think they would have given the imperial suite, their best room, to that pencil dick, Ronaldson, when they could give it to a well hung god?" She chuckled.

"How did you know about Ronaldson?" I returned, realizing I was still in the twilight zone. 

"Like I said, I am the guardian of the ring. I am linked with the ring and where the ring goes I know. I know about Emilio, at the restaurant. I know about that little dick head, Ronaldson, and the hot brunette, Serinda. I bet the pathetic Ronaldson is pacing around in his room right now trying to figure out how to buy her affection back, while the gorgeous Serinda has locked herself in the bathroom, masturbating herself to your image." Kaley said.

I thought back quickly to the moment the leggy brunette came in her dress while staring awestruck at my new, impressive cock bulge. "Well too bad for her, since I apparently already have a girlfriend." I mocked Kaley, but inside I was hoping this incredibly attractive woman really wanted to be my girlfriend.

Kaley started to laugh and sat down on the foot of the bed. "Are you going to let me anoint your cock or what?"

"What's so funny, oh wise and beautiful guardian of the ring?" I continued to tease.

She stopped laughing and her lips curled into a smirk, "Girlfriend? Let me explain to you, my soon to be all powerful god, master of universe, and incredibly super-hung, dominant alpha male." She snapped right back, "there are about 2.7 million ultra hot women with perfect, fuckable bodies in the world right this second, of them exactly 732 are currently within the limits of this city, including me. Once you stop fooling around and decide to slip this band of gold around your bigger but still tiny penis, then I, and all the other hot babes, will have our wildest dreams answered. Between your legs will be hanging so much power and greatness that you will completely own me and the other 2.7 million sluts. We will be consumed with a hunger for the magnificence of your cock. Your cock will deliver to us, everything, anything, all the time. A girlfriend? We will all be your girlfriends.... If that is what you want to call us worshipful sluts, slaves, and bitches." 

"Why? So let me get this straight, I get a massive 18 inch dick, and then what, all the girls go gaga because I can fuck them silly and they throw themselves at me feet as my slave?" I doubtfully retorted.

Kaley spread her legs and hunched her shoulders looking both bored and annoyed at this questioning. "Duh." She said. 

"Oh, come on. This is silly, how the fuck can anybody fuck with an 18 inch prick. I would literally put women in the hospital. Do you know how stupid that sounds?" I said incredulously.

"Rodney. You're going to be a fucking god. Think about it. The laws of physics don't control you; you control the laws of physics. I mean come on. What a stupid question." She huffed. 

"Gee, I must have missed that science class in high school." I said, still doubtful. "But, let's say I can fuck with an 18 inch cock. Why wo...?" 

"I just wish you would put the ring on and fuck me." Kaley blurted out.

I ignored her interruption.

"Why would women want to be my slaves?" I asked, truly confused by the whole big cock rules the little girls concept. I guess it's a nice plot idea for a porn movie, but this is reality not fantasy. I thought.

"The benefit of being the sexy slave of a god is the whole world." She said, and I remembered she had said something like this to me at the antique store.

"Yeah.. Yeah.. You said that earlier today. What exactly does that mean?" I asked.

"The moment you allow me to anoint your penis with the Crown of the Supreme Being all the stored power of the ancient gods will flow directly into your penis, transforming it into the Supreme GodCock, immediately followed by a second transformation of your body into a state beyond physical male perfection. You'll be beyond sexy; you'll be hot and a god above all other gods to boot. What woman is going to turn that down?" She continued.

"But you'll be more than a powerful deity, you'll be just as much a man, a supreme, real man possessing the perfect traits of masculinity. Yes, you will be arrogant, domineering and very jealous with your women, but this is to be expected. You will have an 18 inch cock that is so strong the world will bow down to you. But, you are also infinitely benevolent and generous. Your nature is to care for, protect and provide for your women like no man has ever done before. Not only will you want to see us happy, content and well taken care of, but between your legs will be an instrument of so much power, that you will be able to give us all that effortlessly. Your masculine greatness will allow your women to live a life of deep spiritual and emotional meaning, in opulent luxury, and exulted by the world as goddesses in their own right." She cooed.

"And here is the part I think you will like the most. You will be able to do all this all with your cock alone. Worshipping your glorious cock by sucking and fucking it will be the key to your women receiving their wildest dreams and fantasies." She gushed.

"Your cum is like a magical potion. Give it to a woman, and she will become like a goddess. She will walk the Earth like a bitch dominatrix. She will be commanding, assertive and lusted after and yet untouchable by all mortals. She will become your representative on Earth, a testament to your glory and manhood, a powerful Mistress of the World, tamed and subdued with millions more like her, by a real man - by his cock alone." She continued.

"Even more, you can give your women all the diamonds, pearls, wealth and fame they desire by letting them suck your cock. Your cock will have power over the world, and when you give a woman access to suck it, she can bend that power to her own ends and desires." And she went on,

"And there is one thing above all things that your women will always pray to your GodCock to give them, your greatest gift to us will be to completely penetrate us with the very center of the universe, your cock. For a woman lucky enough to experience you entering her, she shall experience the ultimate sexual pleasure, while finding emotional nirvana and spiritual enlightenment." She concluded.

I had sat down listening to her and I found myself pondering the implications of this incredible opportunity. "OK, I get it; my cock has the power to deliver. But, what about me, what happens to me?"

"The ring seeks balance and was made to avoid the disorder that the ancient gods experienced. Your sole purpose is to receive worship, gain manna, and become greater. The reason the ring has offered so much to beautiful women through your cock is so that, through the ages, you would not lose sight of your purpose."

"So I spend eternity chasing pussy? You mean the ring's master plan is to get me laid?" I asked. While the thought of fucking countless, hot women sounded great, it seemed somewhat pointless for a Supreme Being." 

"Yes, the Supreme Being's power is centered on his cock and sex, but the Supreme Being doesn't seek sex to fulfill his sexual desires, like a mortal man. A mortal man endeavors to achieve greatness to trade it for sex with a desirable woman. Unlike a mortal, all desirable women seek the Supreme Being's GodCock, because it is the answer to everything, and they offer up their mind, body, and souls to the Supreme Being for it. The Supreme Being, for his part, has all this sex and worship simply because he exists and possesses the enormous cock. Since the ring has required a supreme real man to be the Supreme Being, his deep love and passion for his women's happiness require him to answer their prayers and lower himself to allow them to suck and fuck his GodCock. This is the perfect harmony between Supreme Being and mortal worshippers."

"What about the rest of the world? I mean everyone one else?" I pondered.

"Just like your relationship with your beautiful worshippers, you are to be in a state of harmony with the world of mortals. The world exists to promote this balance between you and your female worshippers, in that it produces, over the ages, more beautiful women to worship you. The people of the world will also provide you manna in their submission to you, but your grandeur will prevent you from interacting directly with lesser mortals. Instead, your female slaves, with their uncontrollable desire to earn your favor and blessing, will go out into the world as goddesses and carry out your will. Between our natural beauty and the awesome power that you bestow upon us the world will be highly motivated to obey us, and, in turn, submit to your will. Like your sex slaves, you will feel the need to care for and protect your mortal possessions, and in turn, your goddess representatives will promote the well being and advancement of humanity. So, even though you will be the absolute master of mortals, you will give humanity a state of peace and prosperity unknown before your anointing." She said. 

"Are you serious?" I said. "Are you telling me it's all about my cock?"

"You got it genius. Listen, I have been waiting 10,000 years for this moment. Will you just let me anoint your cock already?" Then she got up from the bed, walked across the room to the where I was sitting and dropped to her knees between my legs. Her smell was strong, much stronger than at the store. It smelled hot. 

As her gorgeous face stared up at me expectantly, I pondered the situation. The events that had happened to me in the last few hours defied any rational explanation. Even with an elaborate conspiracy, I could not dismiss the physical changes to my cock and more importantly the experience in the restaurant. This was real, and, if I could believe Kaley's story, it was the opportunity of 10,000 years. But then, I thought of the dangers. I realized that whatever powerful force was behind this could be deceiving me, possibly using me for some ulterior motive. After today's events, evil space aliens and demons were as good an explanation as ancient gods and magical rings. And of course, the old adage about absolute power corrupting absolutely was in the back of mind. 

Looking down at the gorgeous eyes and lips of Kaley, my mind weighed the fate of humanity and the balance of universe. I, like all the great men since the beginning of time, like those who have endured the great burden of making decisions affecting the entire world, searched deep and found the one eternal truth that has guided men through the ages, a truth that has given hope, and provided courage to overcome the greatest doubts, to cast aside their darkest fears, and to recklessly charge forward into the unknown.

Yes, I, Rodney Mastaff, looking downward on the angelic face of Kaley, then on to her magnificent cleavage and further to her shapely butt, did call upon the ancient wisdom of my male ancestors and heard those hallowed words echoing throughout the ages. With majestic trumpets blaring in my head, I heard the answer booming, "Fuck it! I am going to nail this bitch."

"Let's do it! Kaley! Let's do it now!" I blurted out.

Kaley's eyes dilated like she had just won the jackpot, which, after all she told me, I guess she just had. "My god, the ring?" She said referring to me. "Please give it to me and then get naked and stand above me." I did as she asked removing every stitch of clothing and standing in front of the hotel bed. I studied my new thick cock. It was almost 10" long, and I realized that in a few moments I would be laughing at how pathetically small it was. Of course, I did not ponder this long, as the gorgeous Kaley sensuously started to crawl across the room to prostrate herself at my feet. 

While kneeling before me with the golden ring in her hand, she said,

"I need you to trust me. I am the guardian of the ring and I am charged not merely with choosing the Supreme Being, but I am also responsible for teaching you about your power. For the next couple of days, I need to demonstrate the full extent of your glory and power. I must show you how truly superior and dominant you are, so that you can wisely find your place above us. Your new power will be enormous and easily could be very destructive. Only when you experience the full magnitude of your supremacy can you conduct yourself for the best welfare of your mortal slaves. Some of the things you will see shall be extreme and immoral by mortal standards. They might involve inflicting humiliation on others and you might find that offensive to your divine sensibilities. However, I respectfully ask your patience and that you please follow my lead as part of your introduction to Male godhood." She calmly said, and then, reading my mind once again, Kaley added.

"And yes, over the next couple of days, you will be nailing me repeatedly, along with dozens more of your bitches."

Kaley then lowered her head and pressed it against the bedroom carpet with her hands stretched out almost to my feet. As I looked at her amazing body with her long blonde hair matting the floor, I realized that this sexy creature was demonstrating utter submission to me as a man. Never in a million years could I have dreamed that I would be with a woman like this, let alone have her groveling before me.

"In your last moments as a mortal, look through your mortal eyes and view the natural state of this hot bitch before your ultimate male form." Kaley said, as she sat up on her knees and raised the thick golden bracelet toward my erect penis.

"Master, command your slave to anoint your cock and return the power of all the gods to its rightful owner." She asked, waiting for me.

Yes! I triumphantly thought. I was shaking in aroused anticipation as I steadied myself and said, "Kaley restore the power to your god's cock." And...... she moved the ring forward..... and as the ring slipped over my cock head, which looked so small compared to the bracelet size ring, .... I felt it!!

Words could not begin to describe the sensation, the glorious sensation of the incredible power and strength of ancient deities flowing into and becoming one with my cock. So much dominance, power, and greatness instantaneously passed into my cock, then flowed thru my body. I could feel myself become perfect and then go far beyond that. My face transformed into a god's face. Every inch of skin, bone and muscle filled with strength and glory and remodeled itself into the ultimate shape of male beauty. And my cock.... My cock grew and thickened. It now towered over the tiny frame of Kaley, gorged with massive quantities of blood and sporting thick muscles that gave me complete control over its hardness. I could only describe it as third arm, bulging with powerful muscles and a fist size head.

I glanced to my left to a large mirror against the wall and took in the breathtaking image of the Supreme Being. I was a godly male sprouting an enormous, muscular erection far out from my new six-pack abs. I could feel the infinite power throbbing in my enormous cock. I felt a wave of total arrogance as if its power was grabbing the whole fucking world by the back of the neck and pushing everyone, one by one, to their knees, just like Kaley.

Kaley was panting and babbling about my glory and power. Her praises just added to the intoxicating feeling of utter power I felt between my legs. I was euphoric and wanted to share it, "Kaley look at it," I said. She raised her eyes from the ground and was mesmerized by my enormous cock, her eyes shown with unconditional love and devotion.

"SO BIG.... SO POWERFUL.... I AM YOUR SLAVE, YOUR BITCH, YOUR WHORE...." She praised as drool formed at the corners of her wide open month. "Please my god, allow me to suck it? I will do anything for you."

"Yes, suck it Kaley." I ordered.

Her hands reached out to grab the shaft just behind my giant cockhead. Her hand struggling to stretch around my muscular cock shaft, as her lips pressed up against the spongy cock head. Her lips smeared themselves against my tip as her pink tongue licked out at the large piss slit. My new godly sex muscle was far too large for her to attempt to take it inside her dainty mouth, but Kaley seemed lost in attempting to fuck her entire face on the head of my cock. 

I stood there calmly enjoying the sensation as she spread salvia over the entire crown and then rubbed her lips, tongue and cheeks against my cock to simulate it, while she moaned and periodically said praising words about my cock's size, power or dominance. After a while, she crawled closer to reach the shaft and travel downward, sucking and licking the new chords of muscle that now supported my rock hard erection. As she worked over every inch, spreading shiny saliva toward my cock root, she never stopped thanking me for allowing her my GodCock to worship.

And, by the time her lips began to suck at my new big balls, the combination of Kaley praises, the feeling of unbelievable power running through my cock, and my now unbridled arrogance had me accepting Kaley's proclamations from below that sucking my cock was the greatest gift in the universe.

Indeed, I felt a great sense of masculine pride knowing that this beautiful woman was unconditionally mine, and I was caring for her beyond her dreams, even if all that required of me was to allow her to suck on my powerful cock. But there was something else; I could feel the tremendous power of my cock being diverted outwards. Looking downward at Kaley slobbering over my balls, I instinctively asked, "What are you doing?"
