 Dear students,

I must apologize for my long absent from my continuation of my literary exposition of the Prussian Theory of sexual/psychological. In late 2010, I was awarded a field grant from the EU commission on the Sciences to conduct an exposition to the island of Timur to study the mating rituals of a remote tribe of aborigines. A fascinating culture that prizes the female breast as a sign of antediluvian social order in a matriarchal system with phallic overtures. Unfortunately, due to budgetary concerns our remote satellite uplink was not procured by the expedition team until mid 2012 and my internet access was nonexistent. To compound matter, my hard drive was corrupted by the environmental conditions of the monsoon season that last about 4 months flooding my camp. With my condolences, I wish to publish the third chapter in the ongoing literary saga and hope to continue it, in between working on my more scholarly thesis on the Muiwa tribe elder's tits. 

For the students of Prussian Theory, in this chapter we are introduced to the fundamental hierarch structure of a world following the dialectic condition of masculine sexuality uninhibited by physical restriction of reality. Much like a 2 foot penis that can penetrate a women, here the hero is told of a future were his penis shall extent to absolute control over an entire world. 

While I admit that this story is but mere fiction, the premise is based on years of scientific research, and I have received private corroboration from my colleagues at Braunschweig and Koblenz. Unfortunately, many distinguished professors have refrained from public comments due to fears of association with the notorious Nazi Scientist of the 1930's Krueger and his ground breaking theories into penis enlargement and world socialist domination. 

Finally, I must ask my readers to forgive for any grammatically errors due to my working condition here on the island, I find myself unable to procure a proof reader in English. I find myself at a great disadvantage as I am the most fluent in English among my associates at the Camp and my local guide, I call Paki is barely fluent in Portuguese and refers to my lap top as a "magic" window. 

And now, the story.......

Chapter 3 of Cock Ring of the Gods.

A Prelude to a New World Order

I decided to join the sleeping girls on the bed. Climbing on the king sized bed, the girls unconsciously untwined to create a space for my new muscular body to squeeze in between them. Having found a comfortable spot between the two gorgeous girls, I quickly feel sleep.

I woke from my slumber and found myself back in the dream like world I now inhabited. The same fantastically dream that started early today in the antique store, except that it was no dream. I had not woken up as the weak willed loser without a job, girlfriend or home. I guess technically Jane, my ex still dumped me, Cindy my boss still got me canned at my job, and my landlord still was evicting me, but none of that mattered anymore. Instead all I felt was power; the power that was radiating throughout my body with most of it centered in my cock. 

Before today, the term "power" would have had little meaning. If you asked me what power was yesterday, I would have defined it as what fuels a light bulb or a car, maybe an abstract notion of politics or relationship between people. You know, like your boss or the government has power over you. I don't think I could of understand what power was. In fact, I am sure that no person, except myself, can fathom the true depth of power, because they, like me yesterday, are powerless. 

As my eyes opened, I saw the undeniable truth that I was power incarnate. Rising up from my waist was a huge arm sized cock fully erect and towering nearly two feet. It was beyond mere size and grandeur, but radiated pure energy; not the energy of a wild force of nature like electricity, but a force that exerted control and authority over things. I felt awe as I stared at this massive column of muscle and remembered that Kaley and Serinda insisted on calling it a godhood. My cock was my godhood. I did not possess power, but instead I was the power.

Power was a part of me, it resided in my cock and body. I did not need to achieve wealth or recognition like mortals aspired too. Instead, my very existence made me superior and better than them. Looking at my godmuscle made me realize that the entire world was so small and existed to bend to my will. 

My cock's magnificence blinded me to the fact that it was surrounded by not two but three gorgeous women. Along with Kaley and Serinda kneeling on the bed staring at my giant erection was a new dark haired beauty. 

"Who are you?" I stammered as my eyes focused on the new Latin looking women dressed in black lingerie. 

"I am Roslyn, Master." She said it like it was perfectly natural and normal for her to be in my room salivating over my cock calling a stranger Master.

The new girl went on to speak, saying, "I have never seen anything as strong or powerful as it before. It makes me feel so alive, so feminine, so submissive and obedient. I want to worship it. You deserve to be worshipped."

I barely heard what this new hottie said let alone understood it, because I was so distracted by seeing three gorgeous women's faces inches from my arm like cock. "Uhm. What did you say?" I asked the new beauty.

"I just met Kaley a little while ago, and she told me about you. She told me you were incredible and she worshipped you as a god. She said you were powerful and strong, and that your power can fulfill my every need and desire beyond my dreams. She wanted me to see your power... to show me your truth. Roslyn answered.

"And what do you see?" Kaley asked as she leaned into Roselyn smiling at me.

"Godly power!" Roselyn gushed. "It is so magnificent" she continued staring awestruck at my cock. "It is just like Kaley said, it is raw power, so strong, so massive. I can feel it radiating everywhere. It is really true what Kaley said that the whole world bows to your Cock. Kaley tells me that I can have anything I want just by sucking on it, because it is so great." 

"A um," was all I could stupidly reply. 

Fortunately, Kaley was quick to jump in a save my new divine dignity. 

"Please forgive him, prior to his transformation into a god, our master was a tiny bit slow as a mortal, if you know what I mean, but yes, the power of his cock is so great that sucking on it can answer the prays of all beautiful women." Turning to me, Kaley continued, "Master shall we continue your godly education."

Again, I "um" and quickly followed with a not so Olympian response of "ah yeah sure."

Following Kaley's lead, I was taken back into the spacious living room and told to sit on a sofa chair. To my amazement, the moment I started to get up my mighty cock adjusted and went soft, flopping down with a thud against my new muscular thighs. The girls followed me inside and stood around in excitement and wonder, while Kaley positioned herself next to me. As Kaley started to talk, I immediately recognized that she was slipping back into that crazy lecturing tone.

Kaley had repeatedly demonstrate a near split personality that ranged from adoring sex slave, to wanton slut and to what I started thinking as of as the "mistress of the ring." I guess 10,000 years of sexual dissatisfaction had to fuck with the girl's mind. 

Anyhow, the mistress of the ring persona was serious and authoritative, both teacher and preacher. And I now knew that despite being a dominate and powerful male god, I was still a man, and as such, knew in my heart that when your number one woman wants to pontificate you smile, shut up, listen and say yes dear if asked a question.

As expected, Kaley started rambling on and on, and I patiently listen. But having an arm size cock filled with the power to make one the supreme being made the female droning far more tolerable than my prior experience with women, if not outright desirable. And unlike all my girlfriends before, Kaley did not lecture about herself or her day, or bitch about me. Instead, Kaley started to ramble about what was only thing that mattered to her, me and my godhood, which I figured I could live with. 

It is funny how things could change so much, but stay the same. I could remember less than six months ago having lunch with my ex girlfriend and her two friends in local coffee shop. Jane was complaining non-stop about my lack of ambition at work and recommending to her friends that women need to continually berate their men otherwise they will turn out to be a loser like me. Even now, Kaley's current rant sounded strikingly similar in logic to Jane's rant months earlier, even if it was in a kind of upside down.

Here I was naked in a king size bed of a luxury New Orleans' hotel suite surrounded by three of the most beautiful women I have ever seen, while Kaley, who proclaimed herself my high priestess, droned on about my male superiority, dominance, and unlimited masculinity, while Serinda and Roslyn were told that they needed to worship, praise and obey my every whim, otherwise I am going to give it up more worthy women who were more vocal and submissive. I most assuredly preferred Kaley's "otherwise" over Jane's any day.

I was still groggy and seeing my new godhood surrounding by three beautiful women desperate to taste my cock was pretty exhilarating. It was at that moment, I decided that despite all the wackiness of the last couple of hours, I was going to embrace what Kaley was preaching, I would be fucking crazy not to, or otherwise I was just crazy so I wouldn't know the difference. I was going to stop play the role of a god, and start being one. But what did the really mean?

Kaley clearly had a vision of what my godhood meant. She was defining it in terms of the relationship between me as a god and master, and Serinda, Roslyn, and herself, as priestess slaves. Kaley like to think big, and her explanation was nothing short of a new world order. The world was going to be ruled by my sexy priestesses. They were going to be the new elite, and they were going to be about 300,000 of them. While it sounded like another crazy number Kaley pulled out of her ass, she assured us that she arrived at it by some mathematical calculation in the ninth dimension. And she assured us the numbers didn't matter, but what was important was the priestesses were smoking hot, and in sufficient numbers to make a clear line between the "have nots" of mortal men and me, alpha male god.

You see, Kaley envisioned me to be more than just the master, god, and ruler of a harem of hot sluts, but I was expected to by the supreme cuckolder of mankind in the sense that all of the very best pussy would be exclusively mine. My women were to serve as the unattainable jack off material for the rest of mankind. 

But it was more than that, my priestesses would possessing total power to dominate and control both men and women. Their rule was meant to flaunt my masculinity by flaunting their power of humanity. Men were to be emasculate and humiliate by their feminine charms, and women were to envy them for they perfection. And while the world would bow and accept that anyone of my girls we're their better, the whole lot of them would make a point of groveling before me because I was the supreme real man. Their supernatural dominance of the world being earned with a single ejaculation of liquid power from my new balls that would last for months or years, depending on how deep I deposited it. 

I was here to create an army of "Bitch Queens" to rule the world in my name. My divine will to be imposed on the world by legions of sex goddesses, who sole value and purpose would come from living to be ordered and commanded by me. As farfetched and as dangerous sounding the idea of a world controlled by elite cadre of super sexy "Bitch Queens," Kaley assured us that the wisdom of the ring would promote a perfect world utopia. My Bitch Queens would impose humility on the world and rid the world of human self-pride which would end all the greed, war, and violence. For the first time, humanity will work together in unison with a single plan for the betterment of all of humanity because their Bitch Queens would order them to do it.

"But" I interrupted, there will be 300,000 women with the power to control everyone won't their be 300,000 personal agendas. It will be pure chaos." Kaley tisk-tisk me like a child interrupting an adult conversation at the dinner table, but proceeded to add that I was forgetting about my enormous cock, as if I was idiot. Kaley explained there is but one supreme cock and thus one will, my desires will be my women's sole purpose of existence. While lost to me at first, to Kaley this answer was a matter of simple science, to her, with all the power of the gods focused within one male sex organ would make any women exist to please the man who possessed it. Basically beside sucking and fucking my godhood, they would be addicted to being ordered around and told what to do. 

Testing my new powers, I ventured deep into their mind to try and discover what they expected from me as their god. As they stared in need at my cock, they viewed it as the alpha and omega of their existence. They were obsessed and consumed by its power. They were sampling its greatness, contemplating that through its power that their every dream, hope, and aspiration could be instantaneously fulfilled. 

There was something primal going on it theses girl's minds, I was the ultimate prize to them. And seeing the infinite power of my massive cock muscle, they understood there was no second prize to settle for. The combined value of all other men, women, money, fame, and status in the world was absolute nothing compared to the infinite glory of my cock's power.

Its massive size and the thick chords of muscles on it was an incredible visual symbol of its power. But they knew at a deeper level that the cock flesh they could see was only a small fraction of the supreme power it contained. It was the grandeur of thousands of deities who once roamed the cosmos searching for worshippers. An now, all that power and glory was in one place, within one cock, which was possessed by one man. Before me and my godhood, everything was weak and pathetic. While they lusted uncontrollably for what my godly power could do for them, it was in their expectations that I was all man that gave them hope that as beautiful women they might have a place beneath me sharing my cock.

They expected me to be strong and dominate, but generous and caring. I alone had the power to protect and provide for them in way that would exceed their wildest dreams, and because I was a real man they hoped I would wield my power to bring them a utopian state of feminine perfection to love them the way they were meant to be loved. They would have everything and know only joy with me, and as they stared at my 18 inch cock they saw that I had the means to do just that for not only them but an unlimited number of women. 

These girls felt a sense of privilege and exulted status. I could make them beyond special, because they hoped I cared enough to give them everything they wanted. There was no limit to what my massive cock could do for them, and this fact shook them to their feminine core. They wanted to forever remain in a state of blissful grace as divinely spoiled women begging to suck and fuck my huge cock. For them, they felt alive, extremely grateful, and most of all profoundly female to my supreme masculinity. And just as Kaley described there was a burning desire to submit and please me. They wanted the whole world to see me control them, master them, and prove that I was so far above any man that hot sexy women lived to take my orders. Giving them commands would mean I took notice of the them, that they were good enough for me to bother with them, and somehow they would be better than the next woman that I didn't take the time to order around. The power that the ring gave me was twisted. I could see they longed to be degraded by my commands and dominated completely. In knew that the power between my legs would drive them to humiliate themselves in an effort to worship and glorify my enormous cock and in doing so constantly making my cock stronger.

"Yeah sure you may join in worshipping my power. What are you girls seeking now?" I asked, now aware of the dangers of blindly rewarding my bitches with unlimited wish fulfillment.

"Master, we would like you to take us girls out tonight, and you need a little spending cash to spend on us." Kaley replied.

"Anything else?" I said cautiously. 

"Well, I have some plans to continue your education and some cash would be helpful, and if you think we deserve it, could you let Serinda know your absolute power from deep inside her womanly core." Kaley said.

"Very well, you may indulge yourselves on my power and fulfill your dreams." I said looking forward to a triple blow job has my cock instantly grew to inhuman proportions.

At first the girls just huddled around the giant cock staring at it with a sense of awe. I think that they were momentarily paralyzed by the sheer magnitude of me allowing them to suck on something so much greater than themselves, "Go ahead." I encouraged. "I am a generous god."

All three girls smiled and pressed their lips up against the fist sized god head. I closed my eyes and allowed myself to enjoy the sensation of three dainty feminine lips kiss my cock head at one time. Soon, the firm muscles of tiny tongues began to lap at the spongy head as four or five hands caressed the bulging muscles of my cock shaft. As they began to suck and lick, I felt an overwhelming sense of gratitude from them wash over me. 

Again, I could feel my incredible cock pulse outward and exerting its influence upon the world for the benefit of my sucking sluts. I opened my eyes to watch the now familiar feeling of my muscular cock flexing. My cock thickened and grew an additional 2 inches. It stood rigid as it pushed higher upward while the cock muscles on the shaft bulged with obscene power. There was a pleasurable strain as my godhood contracted to push whatever magical force from within its core outward toward the surface of its mighty flesh with my bitches frantically worshipping in encouragement of their joint wish. 

The apex of my cock's dominance was reached when this unknown force crossed the threshold of the surface of my enormous cock and radiated outward into space like a supernova. Similar to an orgasm my cock pulsed, and the room suddenly filled with the powerful presence of masculine dominance. With lightening speed it passed through my bitches, then through the walls, and on further to some unknown target to command submission to my girl's desires. 

As the discharge of dominance had pass through my worshipper's bodies, it had unequivocally announced that my godhood had answered their prays. A trio of three pussies simultaneously fired off in a continual orgasm. All three girls moaned in pleasure, their mouths opened in rapture, and they locked their eyes in wide eye wonder on my cock, as their perfect little pussies began to squirt a continual stream of girl juice bathing the hotel carpet.

The girl's supernatural orgasm continue for a few more seconds as my own high from the discharge of dominance subsided. As I regained control, I felt the heat of pussy juice bathing my feet and the smell of humbled pussy permeating the room. I could also feel the remnants of power and control still possessing my bitches. 

I took great pride in knowing that my cock had just effortless granted instant gratification to my girls. And the amazed look on the girls face was priceless, astonishment and reverent awe. It was the look of women who were owned by a man. My godhood has reaffirmed the relationship between us. I was a god, I as male, and they were my beautiful female possessions who exist for the sole purpose to worship and obey. While still hard, my discharge of dominance had relaxed me and made me contented but the godmuscle remained potent. But as the coherent thought returned to my sluts, I felt the tell tale signs of my cock becoming stronger. 
