 Dear class,

In this chapter, our hero begins the self introspection of reconciling the sexual fantasy of the pre diluvium adolescent male with the adult reality he finds himself in. Our hero Rod has met the primordial Lilith in the form of Kaley and she has reveal the secret knowledge of female desire for male power. She has held up the ring as the forbidden fruit and Rod, doubting and seduced, has bitten into it and has been transformed in something greater.

This is the psychological foundation of the Prussian Theory which we are exploring in this story. Thank you and now the class my proceed with the next chapter. 

Professor NoGratis

Cock Ring of the Gods: 

Chapter 4 - The Fruits of Power

After the amazing sexual experience with the girls, I moved across the room and spied on them sprawled out on the floor next to the love seat covered in my god jiz. Looking at their unprecedented beauty, I had a strange thought. Despite all the sexual pleasure provided to me by them, I felt a calm sense of entitlement. My new cock was vastly superior in terms of my own sexual gratification than my old mortal penis ever was. The orgasms were longer and far more explosive than before, and the slightest contact radiated pleasure equal to the best sexual experience I had as mortal. The damn monster must have been full of nerve endings to accompany its superhuman size.

But the important thing was not the intensity of my pleasure, but my satisfaction in giving them complete sexual gratification. In the past, there was always an unwritten rule with my girlfriends. Sex, regardless of how much they enjoyed it or not, was something they gave to me in exchange for my capitulation to their non sexual demands. But as I looked down on the three unconscious girls, I realized that my massive cock was payment in full in the game of sexual exchange and now I was owed a debt that could not be repaid. A sexual encounter with me was a one sided affair, the women were blown away with overwhelming gratification in every conceivable human desire. Whether it was sexual, physical, material, or emotional, all I needed to do was whip it out and let them indulge on it. 

How cunning the wisdom of the ring was merging sex and divinity. In ancient times, all mortals had prayed to the ancient deities to grant them favors. And now, I had an entire pantheon of divine favor stored up into my enormous cock to bless just a tiny segment of the human population. The effect was that just a handful of women who were gorgeous now had the privilege of seeking favor from one god with the power of thousands of deities that could grant any conceivable wish. Kaley, Serinda, and Roselyn, and if Kaley was to be believed, thousands of other sexy women, would come to learn that the one true path to fame, wealth, status, happiness, joy and fulfillment was on their knees begging to suck on my divine source of power. 

This was not just Kaley's psychobabble, I saw their recognition of this truth in their eyes. They were filled with wanton self indulgence, while they slobbered and pumped my cock muscle. I saw the selfish hedonistic rapture as they gorged themselves of spoiled pleasures only fit for the goddesses of some pagan pantheon. The pleasure that surged up and down my shaft was merely a consequence of a bunch of spoiled beautiful girls indulging in the ultimate self serving act. The pleasure I felt, and it was amazing pleasure, belonged solely to me. They did not give it to me. I owed them nothing for the amazing sensations that rippled up and down my cock. Extreme pleasure was my right. It was as if the girls were merely an extension of my godcock, their bodies, mouths and pussies were a necessary part of my enormous cock. It existed and it came with harem of sexy centerfolds and all of it was my property.

And I had gave my property far more than they could reciprocate with. I had just provided these three women more pleasure, satisfaction and instantaneous gratification in one hour than all other women combined since the beginning of time. What a strange and ridiculously arrogant thought, I mused. It appeared that not only had my god cock radically transformed my body, but my mind was opening up to accept its power as well. I was feeling a growing sense of arrogance and entitlement. As if my personality was changing to conform to the new reality that I had near infinite male power attached to me between my legs.

I looked down at my enormous muscle, and as hard as I tried to rationalize it, I could not help feel I was underestimating it. Now soft, but still enormous and thick, I could feel that it was stronger. The sex and worship was making me and my cock stronger, beyond and better than all mortal men combined. Intoxicated with a sense of power, I closed my eyes and dreamed.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

I must have been dreaming about my old fucked life when the ringing of my cell phone woke me up. Without bothering to open my eyes, I reached out and grabbed my phone and groggily answered with my standard "Hello, Mastiff"

"Hey buddy, how is it going?" Answered the voice on the other end, I immediately recognized the voice of my good friend, Charlie."

"Shit, Charlie, you know my life is fucked up. Cindy got my ass canned. Jane has left me and my landlord is about to kick me out of my apartment. I guess it going shitty."

"Yeah, you can kill yourself later when you get back. Right now you should be focusing on enjoying the time remaining in New Orleans. How is the VIP place that I set you up in?" Charlie chuckled.

I went to answer Charlie's question, but my mind seemed sluggish like I had not woken up yet. I tried to give him a description, but the words wouldn't come out, in fact, I really couldn't recall anything. Charlie lingered on my pause and when I didn't answer continued the conversation for me.

"I guess it is pretty sweet living the life as a corporate big shot" He said about the hotel accommodations he hooked me up with. I bet Ms. Cindy Michaels wouldn't be a bitch if she saw you now." He chuckled.

"Charlie, she hates me. She got me fired. If she saw me now, she would probably have us both arrested."

"Now. Now. Rod. We can all admit she is a bitch, but she is one hot bitch. I just heard, she got promoted to VP on the top floor of corporate. Nine months out of college, and she practically taking over. The corporate brass are practically fight over her giving her the keys to the company. No one dares stand up to her and most don't even want too. She got charisma or something, but make no mistake about it she got the power to do what she pleases to us." He said.

"Charlie, why are you torturing me with this."

"Rod, don't you see, she has power over us, but not you, you're not one of us anymore." 

" I am broke and I don't have a job. I need my job back. I need her to change her mind."

"Rod, listen to yourself whining like a pup. You don't need a job any more. And you sure, don't need to beg Cindy or anyone for anything. " Charlie reassured me.

"Charlie what the hell are you talking about? What do you think I need? I asked annoyed at his optimism in the face of my dismal situation.

"Worship!" He replied. 

There was a pause on the line then his voice was replaced with a sexy and strangely familiar female voice saying. "this is my master, if he deems you hot enough he might lower himself to allow you to worship him."

Suddenly, I recalled the events at the antique store, the hot blonde Kaley, and Serinda, the new brunette Roslyn, two feet of cock with massive muscular chords bulging around the shaft, and the power, unbridled and unlimited power. I opened my eyes and woke up again, this time for real. Before me, the three girls were kneeling before my flaccid cock, and Kaley was giving instruction how to use my cock by sucking on it. 

"Master, you're a god" Kaley said struggling from below to stare at my perfect body and all powerful cock. "Please... Please....Master" begged Serinda and Roselyn for more attention. Unfazed, I said, "No!, We have things to discuss first." I asserted trying to regain composure.

I gestured to the suite balcony, and the four of us walked outside. While I was still only wearing an open bathrobe with my arm of cock swinging between my knees, the girls had already cleaned up and were dressed in tight fitting one piece dresses with high heels. They looked so incredibly hot and sexy, I must have gawked, which Kaley noticed. "Get used to this my god," Kaley admonished, "your eyes are glorified by your bitches always presenting themselves in the best possible light to their master." 

I could hear the displeasure in her voice and knew that my gawking was inappropriate. Not that she didn't expect me to stare, clearly the girls sought my attention. Kaley was annoyed that I had shown my interest in them instead of taking them for granted. Coming to terms with what I knew Kaley expected of me, I decide to quickly correct my transgression. Instead of ogling what mortal men dreamed of, I forcefully commanded with an arrogant tone, "Bitches, show your obedience by turning around, bending over and presenting your humble pussies to your god."

The girls sighed, spun around, grabbed the balcony and slowly bent over. The short hem line of the dresses rising to expose three bare pussies, cleanly shaved and very wet. Each girls murmuring a breathless "thank you" as all of them came together in appreciate for their god's dominant attention. As their womanhoods filed with submissive wetness, I could feel moisture and heat from their pussies wash over the impressive muscles on my chest and enormous dangling cock. Even without Kaley's instruction, I understood the significance of their reaction to my commands, commanding them brought them pleasure. Even calling them Bitches or Slaves seemed to fill them with pride and self purpose. 

Their reactions no longer took me by surprise. There was an uncanny logic to the Ring that seemingly made everything I did with my women to be a profound pleasurable experience for them that affirmed their female purpose. Kaley had called this the paradox of the Ring. The ring made Kaley search for a real man having deep empathy for caring and loving his women, and I recognized that I was that man now. Since my father died at 8, protecting and caring for women had been an integral aspect of who I was. I had grown up with only my mom and three younger sisters under difficult situations. And while they always took it for granted, I also placed their well being before my own. I remember my father giving me the proverbial "you're the man of the family speech in the emergency room just before he died, and I assumed that role for the rest of my childhood and beyond. And even though, my mother maintain all the authority in the family growing up, I took my father's death bed directive to heart. I learned to empathize with women; I understood what they wanted, and took a sense of satisfaction in making sure they got it.

While the paradox of the Ring deemed me a real man for this characteristic, it insured by giving me so much power in my cock that women's happiness would be consumed by the Ring's prime directive, which was to worship and obey. These women loved the protective embrace of the loving side of my alpha maleness, but craved the hardness of it too. Their pleasure and happiness flowed from gaining my attention and pleasing me, and the harder they worked for it the more fulfilled they were. All they wanted was whatever I wanted, and for me to commanded them, was an affirmation of my love and appreciation of them. My orders were like orgasmic kisses of divine love, rocking their minds and bodies with joy, affirming how special they were to be considered worthy to receive the attention from a being so masculine and powerful. In fact it was the power that turned them on and make them constantly wet. The knowledge that they were the women of a single man to which all other men were inferior drove them to a state of frenzied submission.

In terms of the paradox of Ring, the more I dominated and degraded these beautiful women in mass, the more powerful I was perceived by them, and the more important and special they were to belong to man who could do this. Consequently, they craved humiliation at the hands of their god. I was for all intents and purposes the ultimate bad boy of warped female fantasies. A dark romance novel hero they could worship and could sweep them off their feet, and yet completely control and captivate their existence. My cock so powerful that they were instantly spoiled and rewarded with total female fulfillment and ultimate status. 

Looking at the three bare asses of my bitches, I realized that my greatest satisfaction was derived not from the pleasure I received but in pleasure I gave, and the Ring made sure I gave a lifetime's worth in a matter of seconds. But here lied the paradox of Ring, my cock was so powerful that my hedonistic self indulgence was a divine gift to my women. I fucked them and I was doing them a favor, they sucked my cock and I was rewarding them, I came and I bless them. For my part, I was required to do nothing more than give them permission to have my cock, and then sit back and watch them gorge themselves in total fulfillment. 

But giving them cock was not on my agenda at the moment, instead I wanted to learn a little about my girls. At my direction, the girls joined me on a table on the balcony, and I learned their story. Unlike Kaley, Serinda and Roselyn's story was not out of the twilight zone. In comparison their lives were quite ordinary for two extremely sexy young women. Serinda was stripper from Miami, and Roselyn a post graduate student from Texas. The only thing unusually was that they were now accepting me as their exclusive man, while placing no restriction on me in return. In fact, they derived great status by sharing me with as many women as possible. As we talked, I discovered another aspect of my new powers, images and bits of information began flooding my mind as they told me about their lives. I could recall images of relatives, friends, and places from their minds as if the memories were my own. 

Moreover, I could see their hopes and dreams, as well as their respective abilities and intelligence. Serinda wanted to be an model and an actress, while Roslyn aspired to be a high powered business woman. Serinda came from a wealthy Argentinean family, but Roslyn's family were dirt poor Mexican immigrants. Both were bright and ambitious and had relied heavily on their looks to pursue their careers. I was surprised to learn that their experience with me did not fundamental change their life goals. In fact, they realize that my godmuscle had opened doors to a world of possibilities for them that was unimaginable to them before.

Roslyn tried to explain this by telling me that my cock was the "ultimate means to all ends." 

And Kaley elaborated in her metaphysical way by explaining that "Giving permission to experience your cock is the ultimate form of love a woman can know. It is not merely a sexual act, but it is a transcendental act of divine grace. It is an act of an all powerful being share his infinite power with a lowly mortal. We feel so unworthy and inadequate sharing your godhood with our mouths and pussies, and yet feel so loved and blessed when you do. Your godcock is the ultimate expression of divine love." Kaley said.

"Yeah, I feel totally loved and very hot and horny, Master." Serinda said with pleading eyes. "I so want to give you total respect."

"Me too" Roslyn agreed, as the suite door bell chimed. 

"Let me get that, while you girls tell your owner what total respect means to you" Kaley said getting up to answer the door. I wondered want she was up to as she closed the curtains to the balcony to conceal our new arrival. 

"Total respect" Serinda distracted me, "I want to love you and serve your every desire." 

"Yeah, I love you so much, Master. I want you to have total control over me. I feel so alive when you order me to do things. You have no idea how good it feels when you order us around like hot bitches and we jump like little puppies for you. " Roslyn added.

From behind the curtain, Kaley was barking out orders to our new guests. I asked Roslyn to see who Kaley was talking too, and Roslyn got up and peeked though a crack in the patio curtain. "Workmen delivering boxes." she informed me. "Workmen?" I questioned and decided to inspect the situation for myself. Roslyn dutifully stepped aside as I peered though the gap in the blinds to see Kaley in the center of the room directing three workers bring in various boxes and racks of clothing. 

Kaley stood with her back to me in her short one piece red dress with her legs slightly spread and her arms wildly gesturing to the workers to place things here and there. The was a flurry of activity as the workers scurried with hand trucks and clothing racks moving them in place at Kaley's direction. "Faster boys!" Kaley would bark as the delivery men would jog out of the room to quickly return with more boxes and racks. For a good 20 minutes the boxes came and then Kaley had them arrange the items around the suite room to her satisfaction, more often than not rearranging the same boxes again and again. As I watched, so did Serinda and Roslyn, and like me, they seemed fascinated by the spectacle. But while my fascination caused me to feel an uncomfortable cringe in my guts, the girls seemed turned on by Kaley's outrageous behavior towards the men, and the men's total acceptance of Kaley's abuse.

Finally when everything was in place, the men lined up, like toy soldiers, and waited while Kaley moved around the room inspecting the positions of everything. The men could not help but openly gawking at her incredibly blonde body, as she did so. Once she was sure that everything was placed to her satisfaction, she causally strolled over to the line of men. I watched all three men involuntarily tremble before her as they cast their eyes to the ground in open submission. At the same time, Serinda and Roslyn decided to stop their voyeurism and sway over to me. Each girl pressing their hard bodies and firm breasts against my side, with their hands gently caressing my incredibly muscular chest. 

Inside, Kaley crossed her arms under her big breast and glanced back in my direction behind the balcony curtain. The little shrew knew I was watching, cause she gave me a big smile and sexily winked. Turning her attention back to the trembling men, she loudly said so I could hear, "I think you little boys deserve a big tip for your hard work. I am going to show you something very special as your reward." 

My heart skipped a beat and the men's eyes popped out of their heads, as Kaley lifted the hemline of her dress to expose her shaved pussy. Then in her most bitchy voice she demanded, "Grovel cunts before this Pussy and dream about placing your powerless little clits in it." All three men dropped into their knees in supplication and moaned as if she had literally kicked them in the balls, or alternatively, they came in their pants. And while the three men knelt in defeat and submission before Kaley, two more sexy and now powerful goddesses like Kaley fell to their knees and stared in rapt awe of their god's arm sized sex muscle.

"Now get the fuck out of here you pathetic sissy's before I crush your balls," Kaley yelled, as the three men ran out of the room in a frantic terror. Turning my attention away from inside the suite, I glanced down at Serinda and Roslyn flanking the massive monster hanging down to my knees. My new divine body was incredibly large and muscular but was very well proportioned, except for my godhood. While my body was lean and cut like the body of swimmer or gymnast, my god cock was grossly muscular and overdeveloped in comparison to my already large frame. Both girl's eyes were glued to the giant sex organ with awe and passion.
