 Dear Students:

As we reach another chapter in the study of the evolution of the Prussian Theory of Dialecticism of the Sexual Adolescent, we reach the point where youthful fantasy reverberates into the real world.   The question presented is if the primal adolescent fantasy could exist, how would it really work, out there amongst the world?  

Ya, Ya, I know there would be a lot of sex for the blessed individual.  But how would one exist being all male, all powerful, all the time?  How would the world treat such an individual who is infinitely better than them and how would this individual react?  Would he be corrupted absolutely or would he become just?

This chapter Rod takes a stroll, has some supper, and sees the sites.  All normal things but he is far from normal now.  Let's see what happens?

Professor NoGratis

PS.  While there is a strong sexual theme in this chapter, there is no actual sex.  Many readers have complained about the lack of the bump and grind.  My answer is that this is an important scholarly exposé, and porn literature second.  However to those who are more focused below the belt than above, you will be glad to know that the next chapter shall involve sexual activity of an epic nature, involving  11 stunning women, 1 male, and of course, one all powerful god with a two foot cock.

Cock Ring of the Gods Ch.5
A God Walks Among Us

Feeling good and ready to kick ass, I looked down at my girls, and said, "Let's get this party started.  Kaley lead the way." 

"Wait one more thing" Kaley said, reaching into one of the boxes, she pulled out a pair of sun glasses for me and three black chokers with the word "Ramses" print on it for the girls.  With our accessories on, we stepped out of the hotel suite and ventured out into the world.  Royal street was sparely populated this early evening, as the mid-summer dusk was just setting in.  This was my first experience as a god in the outside world, and I realized that I could never take anything for granted.  Even the ordinary act of walking three blocks to Kaley's restaurant was an extraordinary experience.

For starters, the four of us were extraordinary looking, truly a sight to behold.  Three of the most beautiful women in the world dress in small tight clubbing outfits walk alongside one seven foot talk man dressed like the fucking terminator with massive muscles that put Arnold to shame.  Like I said, there weren't many people out, but the reaction we got was astonishing.  As we moved down the street to the next block people stopped and stared at us, their mouths gapping, spellbound by our presence.  I watched a woman walking her dog across the street stop abruptly and start to literally drool looking at me.  My bitches seemed to have a similar affect on males, however I observed that after the initial moment of lustful gaze, they would become overwhelmed in my presence and submissively look at their feet until we passed.  The girls, however, hardly noticed their effect on bystanders.  Their attention was focused squarely on me.

With Serinda and Kaley flanking me on both arms, and Roslyn hugging Kaley to my right, the girls were busy chatting among themselves and openly flirting with me.  Their open display of affection was blatant, and like everything else so far with my girls, it was designed to have a dramatic impact on my psyche, as well as, any onlookers.  I was well aware of the contrast their behavior had on my environment as I noticed a pattern.  Nearby males would gawk with hunger at the girls then quickly fall into submission in my presence, all the while the three girls would be struggling to caress me and loudly speaking about me, referring to me as their master and lord.  All of this causing power surges to run through me, as I could feel the male's envy and total submission towards me.

Since my transformation early today, I could feel the emotions of others, like slight vibrations in the air, which  centered in my cock.  The girls were giving off theses nonstop emotional vibrations all day, which would strike my cock as a form of sexual arousal but slightly different.   I reasoned that theses emotions were the primary source of my energy, and my godcock was in effect a massive battery to store it.  The girls were not my only source of energy, I received a power surge indirectly from the workmen in the hotel suite, and now as I walked down the street, everyone we passed seemed to be feeding me more energy. 

As well as the slight buzzing feeling in my god muscle,  I could taste theses emotions as well.  I noticed the taste of strangers were different than my bitches.  I say taste because my mind seemed to associate certain emotions with flavors, which was another strange aspect of my transformation.  Everyone gave off a tangy tart taste.  The tart taste was the most powerful emotion and caused the strongest vibration in my cock.  I began to associate this tangy tart with the feelings of awe and submission.   All day the girls had tasted like tangy sweet pussy just cleaned out of the shower.  Up until I got on the street, I just thought it was the smell their excited pussies in the air.  But now,  I realized everyone was giving it off, albeit the strangers tasted more like sweet tarts than tangy pussy.  

There were other flavors of emotions I could taste as well.  The girls feeling of blind love and devotion to me tasted slightly sweet with a hint of vanilla, and cause warmth to spread up and down my cock shaft.  Plus, there was a new one I discovered walking past males, envy, which tasted bitter and caused my cock to slightly twitch with anger.  Mind you that none of these sensations were overwhelming, but I had been continually experiencing them since my transformation.  My new divine senses enabled me not only to know what others were feeling intuitively, I already learned I could consciously enter into a person mind for a full scan, but tuned me into the emotional worship that was need to empower by godhood.  I concluded my divine cock required everyone to feel awe and inferior to me, in addition,  females were to feel unconditional love and lust, and mortal males envy.   

As we approached the restaurant, Maurice, I could see a line around the block.  Kaley was murmuring to us that this place was the best and very popular amongst well to do locals and tourist alike.  Kaley explained that she made arrangement to enter a private entrance around the corner of the building so as not to disturb the patrons with my godlike presence.   Of course, the mortals on line were not so lucky as we passed all of them in stunned silence.  At least a dozen men casted their eyes down as their female companions stared at me with uncontained lustful awe.   The line extended towards the back entrance that Kaley was leading us to, placing me and my entourage in close proximity to an attractive couple with the misfortune of being the last on line.

As Kaley knocked on the back door, the couple's husband openly oogled Serinda and was unaware that his wife had shoved her tits out towards me and started playing with her air in a flirtation manner all the while staring at my ass and back.    I could feel and taste of the woman's open adoration, but the male was so struck with Serinda's eroticism that he was totally oblivious to his wife or my presence.  At that moment, I felt  annoy by him and turned to face them.  In doing so, he felt my displeasure and I felt his submissive terror. 

Staring down at him I said, "Boy, your eyes are taking liberties with my property."

The man looked at his feet, meekly replying "Yes, Sir."

That would have been the end of it, but both his wife and Serinda were smiling into my face with lustful joy.  I hardly noticed them, however at the same time both women noticed who I was talking too, and each turned to look at the emasculated male I just chastised.  I watched both women's face turned from smiles to frowns, as the wife angrily said to her husband, "Harry, you were just raping her with your eyes, you asshole."

"How dare you, you worthless piece of shit"  Serinda spoke with daggers.

The humbled male merely stammered "I am sorry.  I didn't know."

"Not good enough, Kneel before me."  Serinda commanded.  The male instantly complied with Serinda commands, and lowered himself to the pavement.  Everyone in line in front of us, about  20 people, did not dare look back, instead they all but ignored the strange spectacle behind them.   I calmly watched the wife's eyes go wide with astonishment.  She turned to her husband, Harry, and with baffled expression asking, "what are you doing?"  Harry didn't reply, he just knelt there with his head bent downward between Serinda's legs.  I could taste the wife's fear, it was acidy, but I did not have an empowering effect.  Her previous sexual awe of me was gone, and her entire focus was on her husband and Serinda.

Still befuddled, she looked at Serinda for a moment speechless, then uttered one word, "How?"  I don't know if the blonde wife was really speaking to Serinda or just trying to make sense of the unexplainable, but Serinda took her eyes off Harry and looked directly at the wife and said, "My god shared a tiny fraction of his awesome power with me."

"God?" was all the confused wife could say.  The whole thing struck me kind of amusing, as Roslyn interrupted me tugging at my side.  "Please Master, discipline them with your glory" she said.  I merely raised one of my eyebrows in question, and Roslyn quickly answered, "Command us to kneel before you."   

In response, I raised my other eyebrow, looked directly at the wife, and with a bold deep voice that all could hear, I commanded "Grovel Bitches." The wife's eyes went wide, as she watched the woman that put her husband to her knees spin around and prostrate herself with another stunning women.  Serinda and Rosyln lowering themselves all the way to kiss my boots, then rose up to kneel by my side.  "I am their god." I pronounced to the shocked wife.  I watched her confused face turn to awe, as Serinda and Rosyln's delicate hands reached out to the rights side of my jeans and pulled the fabric back tightly to reveal the outline on my godhood traveling down to my right knee.

"This is the power I bless her with, the power that brought your husband to his knees, the power that puts all males to shame, before me there are no other men."  I babbled, going with the ego stroke the situation provided.  The taste of tangy pussy and sweet tarts spiked as the wife began to cum uncontrollably in her dress before me.  

Kaley returned from inside the back door yelling "What the hell are you doing?"

"Disciplining this mortal male."  I said, not even knowing where the words were coming from.

"You shouldn't have.  Never mind, our room is ready." She grabbed Roslyn and pulled her to her feet.

But as Kaley turned to lead us inside, the wife reached out and grabbed her.  "Please, I will do anything for him."   Kaley stopped and looked the women over like she was inspecting her. 

"No, he only reveals his full glory to the crème of the crop, you are not woman enough for him. Let's go."  Kaley spoke all business like.

 "But... but" she stammered and then started crying.  It wasn't to that moment, I realized the husband was also whimpering, choking on his own tears of inferiority.  What have I done, I thought, thinking how I just destroyed this couple's life in an instant.  

"Wait"  I commanded Kaley as I gingerly approached the wife.  She stared at me with hope, "Please take me with them" she whispered to me.   "I am sorry my bitch is right, you are not an alpha female who I could directly bless." My words completely crushed her, and I felt a jab of guilty at what I had did to both of them for little reason.

"But I am a loving god, and my punishment of your husband was too severe."  I said knowing full well that the revelation of the size and power of my cock had forever emasculated poor Harry."

"I don't care about him, he is nothing." the enlighten wife said.  "I only want you, I want to worship you, be your slave, take your orders like your other women." She pleaded.

"No, that is wrong, whore"  feeling anger at her for my own lapse of judgment.  "You want me to be your god! you undeserving cunt.  Too know what a real man is, to belong to me and the one all powerful cock that fucks, masters and dominates all the beautiful bitches on the Earth." My voice rose in anger.

"Yes, master.  Please,  I worship you." She said expectantly.

"Jessica, do you give your entire feminine existence, your entire mind, body, soul, and pussy to me as my worshipper, property, and slave, to serve me a supreme male and god?"  I forcefully asked.

"Yes master.  I do!"  she shouted out.

"Then know the true power of your god." I said, reaching out I grabbed her hand and pulled it to my cock muscle.  Her tiny and insignificant hand grasped the massive muscle in my jeans, and her mind and body went white with physical pleasure.  He eyes rolling in their sockets as her pussy squirted steady streams of juice down her legs.

"Tell your worthless, inferior husband what I have rewarded you to feel."  I commanded. 

My godhood had placed Jessica in between the mundane world of mortals and a higher plane of existence were my divine essence resides.  Jessica experienced the great revelation of my cock's power, as she spoke out into the mundane world were her husband submissively knelt below us.   "Harry, his cock is true power, he is so powerful.  He is a god. I can see beautiful women, not just the ones who kneel before him now, but all beautiful women, every single one of them, worshipping his cock, praying to it, degrading themselves for it.  They all live for it.  The only thing they want is to praise him and be dominated by him."  She babble in her orgasm.

I grabbed her hand away from my godmuscle and sternly looked into her grateful eyes.  "I have blessed you and now you know my infinite love for my slaves.   Now, I have the need to command you."

"Please master, I need you to order me.  I exist for your whim."  She pledged.

"See, this weak inferior male on his knees before me.  He has been permanently emasculated by the truth you held in your hand.  Your purpose in life is to care for him, love him like a mother loves a small child that he is."  I commanded.  She came again been told what to do.

"Yes my lord, when will I see you again?"  She said.

"Never, you are not woman enough for me."  I replied honestly and turned to walk into the restaurant with Kaley and my other girls.

From there we were ushered in a large private room on the second floor.  The room was spacious and tastefully decorated with an antique feel.  Kaley must have worked on the presentation, because a large chair was situated at the head of the table.  It was larger and more ornate than the other three chairs, and it was clearly intended as my seat.  As I was sat down on this throne like chair, the girls stood waiting.

"Sit down!"  I barked in annoyance, and the girls shivered in satisfaction to my order and jumped to find a place at the table.  With Kaley next to me on my right, she said, "You shouldn't have done that to those mortals, but I am very proud of how you handled yourself."

"You're a crazy bitch."  I said aghast at her admonishment.   "You were the one who wanted to crush Serinda's boyfriend balls in the apartment early." I reminded her.

"Serinda's sissy male was arrogant and had done bad things to people, he was an affront to your male greatness.  He committed hubris.  Harry was an alright guy."  She corrected.

"I sensed that, and I felt regret for my actions.  That is why I command the wife to care for him."  I pointed out.

"I know this. You acted justly and for this master, I am proud.  But you are too masculine, too powerful, and too strong, to reveal yourself like that.  Revealing yourself to a weak mortal boy is your ultimate punishment for their hubris, and should not be used without discretion."  She explained.

"But, he offended me by eyeballing Serinda."  I retored.

"My lord"  She laughed.  "Serinda is a hot and perfect bitch.   She is made for mortals to stare at, lust after, grovel in need before her. You made her your bitch, a powerful goddess meant to rule over them as your representative on Earth.  What did you expect?"

"Well, I don't know."  I thought.  "That pathetic cuckold, pissed her off."  

"Master, she was merely drunk on the power of your divine cum. The male's open lust for her was proper and to be expected.  It only glorifies you,  because only you are man enough to own what other weaker males long to have.  This is a natural state of your supremacy.  Serinda's indignation was motivated by her own pride. She was not serving her god's will, but her own unchecked feminine ego."  Kaley explained.

I could see Serinda slump in her chair meekly as an admission of her own guilt.

"So you are saying Serinda used me, she made a fool of me?"  I asked.   

"Yes."  Kaley simply replied.

"If that is so, why did you allow Serinda to do that to me?"  

"You are supreme and all powerful, you always do whatever you want.   But, if you must know, it is all a part of your education.  Your godcock and its cum is such a great reward to women that it is beyond all hopes.  What it gives is power greater than mortal females should have.  But you control your Bitches.  You decide how your bitches act, and what they do with so much power. But in this slave's humble opinion, a just deity would demand that his Bitches have one thought in their pretty little heads. They should be thinking all the time that there god is great and how they can please him.  Of course, you are the one that has two feet of all powerful cock that can effortlessly give ultimate pleasure and power, you do whatever you want.  But if I was you, I would expect that my bitches lived only to be told what to do."  Kaley smiled prettily at me, then looked down at a menu.

"Serinda what do you have to say?  as I turned to her.

"Oh master, my god, Kaley is right.  Please forgive me, I didn't realize it at the time.  All I could think of was how powerful I have become, and how that little perv was not recognizing how much better I was than him."  She said self surprised and then continue more solemnly,  "Please forgive me, I swear I will never ever think I am anything more than your worthless slut again.  From now on, I will proudly display how hot your slave's body is.   I will make them beg for my body but show them they are too weak to ever have me.  Just so then next time you fuck me, you understand how powerful you are."

"I accept you apologize, but what happened outside really troubles me.  And I must confess that the thrill of the moment overwhelmed who I am.  Or who I want to be as both man and a god.  I think Kaley is right, the only thing that should matter to women is that I am their god.   Today proved, that anything else would lead to selfishness and chaos.  I am going to take Kaley's advice, those that live to worship, I will answer their prays with god cock.  But those who have selfish thoughts, will be denied and be punished.  Serinda, you will be punished later.  But right now, I want to eat dinner.  All this god stuff is giving me a headache." I said.

Kaley looked at me funny and said, "you can't have a headache. You're a god."

"Oh, yeah, right.  But enough, I want normalcy." I ordered and then everything went normal.  Well not normal like before my transformation, but normal enough.  We all started acting like normal people in a nice normal restaurant.   We looked at our menus and talked about what to eat, and which wines to order.  The conversation turned to food.  Roslyn talked about her mother's cooking.  Serinda noted that French green beans were different that ordinary green beans.  Even Kaley joined in to add that ancient Egyptian's lettuce was a lot different from the varieties today.  Apparently, this ancient Egyptian variety produced on the Nile had a milky substance when squeezed that Egyptian associated as the ejaculate of their god, Min.  
