 Student,

This episode marks the turning point in the dialectic transition from virgin adolescent male fantasy into the uncharted realm of virtual reality of Cock Ring of the Gods. Under the Prussian Theory, the young virgin boy is driven by the new feelings of attraction to the female is both perplexing and constrained by his feeling of inadequacy in relation to the objects of affection. 

Lost to the female mind, the virgin speculates that it is his lack of masculinity denies him from attracting the opposite sex. All this is reasonable from his limited experience, since a female's femininity is the motivation of his attraction. Thus, the adolescent speculates that if he could be more masculine he could find a desirable suitor. His sexual motivation drives him to seek power and dominance to elevate himself from his peer and naturally begins to associate those qualities with his penis.

Simply put, the adolescent fantasy purports that large genitals confer power and dominance which will give him a mate and alleviate him from his uncertainty and self doubt. The Prussian theory pushes this logic further. What if the adolescent possessed something greater, something so powerful that all females would strive for it. It is in this vein that the primal fantasy takes root of the adoring harem of women, or the idealized god like male atop the mountain before his adoring female worshippers. 

However such unrealistic fantasies is but a blurry idea, a mere fragment of one's imagination of oneself, that is covered by the veil of impossibility. Up until this point, the main character has found himself on the adolescent divide of the dialectic transition. He see the mountain top but his role on top of it is blurred and unknown. He has gone along with the run following Kaley, the primordial Lilith, but unable to fully accept his power, and not really clear about its nature and role. 

This chapter, Rod and our readers, cross that dialectic divide and climbs atop the mountain and vividly experience the new reality formulated by the Prussian theory. In this chapter we postulate the academic question of what it actually would be like to be the god atop the mountain receiving his due of worship. 

The reader shall experience the sensations and sights of 11 gorgeous women communing in sexual congress with a single enormous sex organ of a male, and join Rod in the acceptance that because of the power of his manhood that women exist to serve him and adore him. Rod discovers that purpose of women is to give themselves for such a powerful gift and finding their femininity in total obedience and devotion. In this chapter, Rod learns to give his powerful cock as the ultimate reward for worship. 

Professor No Gratis

Cock Ring of the Gods Atop the Mountain

While Jenna broke Mo's manhood and established the supremacy of all my women over him, I had been led back to the temple by Shay, Roslyn, and Serinda. The three girls conscience of the arrival of the other girls quickly began preparing me. They quickly moved the temple alter to the side leaving just the throne in the back of the room, and then ushered me to central position for the others to arrive. Once positioned, they reverently began to strip me nude, removing each piece of clothing in the most submissive manner, as I stood passively watching them. 

As my godmuscle was exposed, the girls again where awash in a complex interplay of sexual, emotional, and spiritual pleasure. It was an sight that I was still getting used to. Here I was standing naked with my giant cock hanging to my knees doing next to nothing, and yet, the presence of something so incredibly powerful had made the three beautiful women fall to their hands and knees. They quivered in prostration to me, making little gasps and moans and whispering little prays to me.

With each passing moment, my godhood would fulfill and satisfy them. Each girl desperately compelled to try to express their gratitude for the unique experience it gave them. My mind reeled from trying to reconciling the fact that I was causing them such joy and meaning with absolute no effort on my part. As arousing an experience it was for me, it was still alien and somewhat troublesome. Kaley's earlier warning about the challenges confronting a mortal empowered as the supreme god came back. I would always be set aside by the rest of humanity. The power of my cock made me a supreme deity, but that same awesome power empowered and transformed the very nature of my masculinity. My masculinity was omnipotent.

Everything for all eternity would not merely be beneath me, but would be nothing compared to me. My experience over the last day had the same common thread with a growing cast of drop dead gorgeous women. My women were driven to compel me to accept my omnipotent masculinity. Every sigh, pray, and action was geared to recognize that the mere existence of my enormous sex muscle was something of unfathomable privilege to them. Shay, Roslyn, and Serinda knelt before me feeling that they were blessed. They felt undeserving of me and privileged by the presence of my all powerful godcock. 

In this new universe created by the cock ring of the gods, beautiful women were the lucky ones. My existence gave them the opportunity to experience true power. On my whim, I could allow the ultimate reward of looking, sucking, and even fucking my all powerful cock. Lesser women would never have a chance to earn my generosity, and mortal men, were fucked as merely enunic slaves to my harem. Their role, along with lesser women, was to look after and respect anyone I blessed with my divine cum. 

The ring had choose me cause I had the qualities of a real man. On the inside, I was compassionate, loving, and generous to women, and now with absolute power between my legs, I could also be dominate, assertive, and their unlimited provider. I could never be anything less than an alpha male in a world of subzero-betas. My future presented a life of perpetual dominance. I was given ultimate power to be worshipped, and I was beginning to understand there would be no deviation from that existence. 

Not that I wanted to reject an endless sea of beautiful women forever on their knees, like Shay, Roslyn, and Serinda were now, with me towering above them. My god cock was destine to experience ultimate variety and never ending pleasure at my slightest whim. All gorgeous women were going to compete vigorously to suck and pray to it. However, part of me struggled that this was completely opposite to mortal expectations. The world's most beautiful women were not supposed to give everything up for one signal sexual act with a man. They had their pick of powerful and successful men to bond with, and could have any desirable man for a sexual fling at a moment notice. And yet, here I was being told by Kalay that all beautiful women were meant to be my willing slaves for a mere lick at my now enormous cock. 

"Your cock is so powerful. So amazingly powerful." Shay acknowledged. 

With all eyes fastened to my flaccid 18 inch cock muscle, their bodies were treated to pure bliss by its divine power, the effect it had on all three girls was overwhelming. Even though they had just experienced it only minutes before, the Ring had designed my cock to produce a life altering experience each and every time I unleashed it. 

It was far more than arousal or pleasure to them, but it granted supreme satisfaction both sexually and emotional. Simply put, it rewarded them with the riches of my heaven on earth. As they stared at it, there was no illusions that anything else mattered to them. My massive cock was the beginning and end of everything. They knew all women wanted it, and it was the only thing they wanted. My role was to parcel it out as I saw fit. And at that moment, I saw fit to allow it to full satisfy them by allow it to hang before their eyes.

Because of what its power was capable of, the three girls embraced an extreme level of femininity, which further pushed me into a state of perpetual male dominance. They were filled with hunger for my cock muscle and that hunger drove them to objectify themselves as female sex objects for my glorification. For their entire lives males had objectified them as sex objects, and they tolerated it only as a means to their own personal end. However, I did not need to objectify them. For me alone, they wanted to be my personal property. Their greatest aspiration was to be commanded by their god, fulfilling my slightest whims was to be their sole and only purpose. They hungered to exist as my sexy and beautiful property. My fleeting wish became their greatest desires. My pleasure became the ultimate experience for them. 

From my throne, I focused my mind downstairs, and was able to remotely view Mo's humiliation. He had given respect to my sexy bitches by bowing before them and swearing obedience. He now understand that my bitches were his mistresses and they were to be in total control over him. As Mo had been broken, stripped, and collared as a slave to Jenna, I had thought about how I was going to handle my new sluts. I had no doubt that I was going to destroy Mo, simply because Kaley prayed to me for it. Unlike the other males I had interacted with tonight, I did not feel any regrets in what I was going to reveal to Mo. Mo had not only intended to rape and beat Kaley, my scan of his mind revealed the level of pride and arrogance he had. My new godly nature would not tolerate that kind of hubris before me.

Moreover, this was the time to make a first impression to my first Octirue. Mo would serve as a striking comparison between the inferiority of mortal males and myself as man god. The girls had feared Mo, he was there boss and controlled their lively hood for some time. The fact that Jenna easily brought this symbol of male authority to his knees, excited them. They all believed now what they were taught by Kaley and correctly reasoned that Jenna had obtained the promised power from my cock while she was upstairs with me and the other girls. All of this drove them to want to see, taste, and feel the power for themselves, and a quick scan of the girl's minds told me they would give anything for my gift.

Given my experience and everything Kaley tried to teach me today, I knew what was expected and realized that Jenna's display of my power downstairs had set the stage to establish my absolute dominance as a real man not just over other mortal males, but over all beautiful women. Jenna had shown them that all mortals would grovel before them as their Mistress, and now I would show them that Goddesses grovel before me as a living divine real man. And, Mo would witnesses them beg me for it, with everyone knowing I deserved far better than theses gorgeous goddesses could give.

When the gorgeous women reached the upstairs floor, I watched them parade into my temple. One by one their bodies and pussies melted in orgasmic pleasure from my exposed cock. Their legs giving out as they fell to their knees in joyous submission. Eight sexy women began to sexily crawl on their hands and knees to me, including Jenna who dragged the emasculated Mo behind her. For Mo's part he was at a complete loss as to how Jenna so completely dominated him, and still firmly held out that Ramses was nothing more than a figment of Kaley's fever imagination. 

However any hope that I was a fiction, and he could return to the shelter of his old life was dashed aside the moment he was dragged into the temple. He felt it before he actually saw me. The feeling of emasculation at the feet of Jenna was nothing compared to my total dominating presence. Mo felt thousands of times smaller, weaker, and useless, and he looked up to see the worst fear of mortal males. 

I smiled at him, enjoying his punishment for his hubris. He took in my full naked glory. He saw my perfect all powerful body defined with sculpted muscles made not of gold but real flesh and blood. I was causally resting in my chair with my muscular arm holding my head. Before me on their knees was Serinda, Roslyn, and Shay with their arms open reaching out to me. They were praising me loudly and Mo could hear them.

"Oh Ramses for you are great and powerful. Only you possess the power to grant all women their dreams. All the power of the gods belongs to you and resides in your perfection, inside your manhood. And all women are blessed to be your worthless slaves because of it."

I arrogantly waived my hand to gesture to Shay to move aside, and Mo watched her spasm in pleasure and thank me for giving her an order. And then, he saw it, and he knew he was nothing, everyone was nothing compared to me. My godhood hung majestically soft off the throne. All he could think was how powerful it looked, and he realized that even in it flaccid state it was causing all the beautiful women to cum. He looked at his ex girlfriend and saw her face in pure rapture, it was the look every man dreamed of giving their woman. The beautiful expression of feminine sexual bliss at the hands of man, and they all had it on their faces. The air was wet and smelled of their pussies.

He looked up at me, and I winked at him letting him know I wasn't even aroused and I could give pleasure greater than any man could dream of giving a woman. He stared back a my flaccid cock muscle, and took comfort in the hope that it was too large to actually get erect. Maybe he hoped he could keep his manhood, if only I couldn't get hard. Maybe, just maybe, he would still have an advantage on me cause he could experience theses women's bodies where I could not. 

I allowed him to hold on to his false hope for a moment. Instead, I turned my attention to my sluts and commanded, "Come to you lord." Eight women never lifting their heads off the ground, crawled with intense erotic movements towards me. They all took slow long movements showing off their tone bodies for my pleasure, competing for my attention in doing so. All of them hoping I might be pleased by their sexy submissive crawl to me. Even Kaley, the guardian of the ring of the gods for 10,000 years was rendered a helpless female in heat before my naked grandeur. 

Gasping in pleasure, she begged for the permission to stand, which I granted. Once up, she strutted up alongside me ready to speak, but lost herself staring at how truly enormous my cock was. I had to interrupt her lustful silence by yelling, "Bitch, you have something to say to my sluts."

Kaley jumped, apologized me, and thanked me for calling her a Bitch. 

"Kneel up Sluts, my beloved Queen wishes to address you." I commanded from my throne. The girls rose up, many with confused looks as their pussies experienced intense pleasure for the first time form hearing a command from me.

"Sisters" Kaley started. "Since the beginning of time women like us knew we were special. We could see it our eyes and lips, in the shape of breast and legs. Each of us are blessed with the hand of divine. Like all mortals, we need power to exist and maintain us. The power to eat, the power to provide shelter, the power to find companionship, and the power to experience happiness, joy, and love. I was there long ago when gods roamed the earth. Each god possessing a little power in each of their domains. There was a god of the hearth, of love, of war, of farms and field. In the beginning, they cared for us giving us the power in exchange for our worship. All mortals needs were provided for by the many gods. But then they became greedy and began to fight for our worship. "

"Their greed almost destroy us and them. So in time a challenge was made, the ring was forged, and all the god's placed there power in the ring. The ring degreed that there would be only one god and he would grant all the power of the gods. A challenge was made and it was decided that deity who possessed pure masculinity would be the new supreme god. Then I was choose to select which one of them possessed the qualities of a real man. At first all the emasculated gods attempted to prove themselves real men, but they failed."

"In time, the gods faded away and the power that sustained mortals was locked away in the ring waiting for a true man that never rose up to assume his power. With the fall of the gods, our once divine beauty became a curse. Mortal males lusted after our perfection, and hated us cause they knew they were too weak to possess us. The mortal males formed a alliance with the lesser females that envied us to enslave us. "

Civilization was formed from this plan. And with this new concept, a few had harnessed what little power remained, the power mortals generate from their labor They restructured the crumbs of power that was left into new concepts like nations, money, and laws. In control of this power, they called themselves kings, emperors, and even gods. The mass of people were at their mercy and enslaved with a new concept called servitude. A system that exists today, where the full fruits of mortal's work is taken by their bosses, and what crumbs are left are further taxed." Thus, the mortal's labor, the one source of natural power remaining, was transferred to the few."

"For us, we were giving a choice work as slaves like the multitude, keeping just enough of the power to slowly die like the masses, or become their whores and be provide enough to sustain ourselves. For ten thousand years our kind has been made to submit to powerless mortal males to survive as their wives, concubines, and whores."

"But tonight Sisters, the time of famine has end. One man has proven to be a real man, and has accepted the ring. He is now Ramses, supreme male god, cuckolder of mankind, dominator of all existence, ruler of the world, satisfier of all pussy, the one true real man, and liberator of alpha females. For he possesses all the power of the gods, and for him all beautiful women will give up their minds, souls, bodies and pussies. He is both god and real man, and like a true man his awesome power is in his enormous cock."

Kaley turned to me and knelt. "Your sluts and bitches beg you to suck and worship your power. Please lower yourselves so that so many hot pussies here tonight can be rewarded beyond their dreams."

I stood up from my throne, and sternly said, "My beloved slaves, I shall love and care for you like no man has ever done. Each of you shall only know bliss and happiness in my embrace of absolute male power. Thru my divine strength, I shall treat you all like real women, and you shall treat me as the one and only real man."

Turning to Serinda and Jenna, I commanded, "Rise to your feet." Although both girls were continually flowing in pleasure in the naked presence of my muscle, they came harder and thanked me for a direct command. "Strip off all you clothes, except for your collars and heels." 

They looked directly at my eyes, as they slowly removed their clothes, revealing their perfect bodies to me, while the other 9 women and Mo remained respectfully prostrated before my throne. They took their time, and added to their erotic display with aroused statement of praise for me. Each girls thanking me for telling them what to do, and proclaiming my male power and greatness.

Once stripped, I commanded Kaley to hand out the slave collars to my other Sluts. The collar were black with the words "Ramses Owned" printed on it and had a single metal loop in the front. Kaley placed a collar on the neck of each beautiful dancers neck, and locked the collar firmly in place. "Rise sluts, and strip for me." I commanded.

A collective thank you was given, as now 9 more women performed a strip tease for me. 9 pairs of eyes locked on me with a show of gratitude and desire only for me. Once, the entire room was naked and collared, I commanded Kaley to place the collar of ownership on my godhood, just like the golden idol downstairs, and then she handed a thin chain to each women. The collar of ownership on my cock muscle was like the girls chokers. It was black with the word "I am Ramses" on it, made out of an elastic material that would stretch if I chose to become hard. The only difference was it was thicker, and were the girls had only one metal loop, my collar had a dozen or so loops around the band.
