 Chapter 1: Use For Pleasure

As I stood there, looking down at the springs, broken face, glass and leather band, I could only feel sorrow for how my life would change now that the watch was broken. I simple stupid mistake had ruined it all, for me and for my future generations. As I knelt down on the busy sidewalk to examine the pieces, suddenly the memories and images of how it all started began to float into the back of my mind...I remembered....just how it all began...

My eighteenth birthday was not as spectacular as some others, but it was fun all the same. Little did I know that one of the gifts, I wasn't all that thrilled about, would soon change my life forever. It was early in the morning, before school, when my mother gave me the note: "For Your 18th Birthday, there is a special security deposit box at the bank which your grandfather willed to you, to open only on this day. No one but your late grandfather knows what is in the box." I thanked my mom and drove off to school, not really all that excited, but curious about the gift.

Classes passed slowly as usual, until our lunch break. The bank was close to campus and having an open campus, I decided to slip over and check out the safe deposit box. Upon entering the bank, I was stunned by the three beautiful tellers, two blondes and one brunette. 'Man, I should be doing more business in here' my mind rumbled as I walked up to the front of the line. One of the blondes was available so I shuffled over to her window. She was incredible! Beautiful penetrating blue eyes, full lips painted with just a touch of deep red lipstick and a perfect smile met me, along with a warm 'Hello.' I let my eyes drop to her tan-color blouse, concealing what I thought was a nice handful of breasts, where her nametag rang out to me.

"Hi Suzy, um..for my birthday, I'm supposed to be able to open a safe deposit box left by my grandfather." I slid the paper over to her tender hands. She flashed me a warm smile, "Birthday, huh? Are you having a good one?" she asked while taking the paper and looking at it. 'I am now' I thought, but replied, "It's been o.k. so far."

She turned and stepped out of her booth, locking the money drawer before leaving, then came around to a half-door, pressed a button to open it and said, "Follow me birthday boy."

I'm sure my smile said it all, as I noticed her beautiful legs peeking from below the hem of her skirt. I slid past her, inside the door and then waited. As she began walking, the skirt shimmied and swayed back and forth, I was mesmerized. I followed her to a back room, where she gave me a key, then told me the number and said, "Have fun! Just bring the key back when you are done."

Unfortunately, she then left me alone in this room. My mind began to turn back to the box, wondering what could possibly be inside....money, house deed, etc. I found the number, inserted the key, turned it and pulled out the box.

With my breath speeding up slightly, I slowly lifted the top of the box off and peeked inside. "What the?" my voice echoed through the empty room. I reached in the box and pull out an old watch, still in good shape, but still, not exactly what I was hoping for. There was a piece of paper underneath it, which read:

"Hey buddy, Now that you are 18, I think this is safe in your possession. Just two quick things: 1) Only use it for pleasure. 2) Never, ever tell anyone else what you have. Enjoy and pass it on, if and when you see fit, to your grandson someday."

I don't know how long I sat there, contemplating the note, but, I suddenly heard footsteps behind me. "You o.k. in there?" asked the blonde teller, knocking on the door of the room.

"Oh...yeah..." I called back, still studying the watch. "I'm done, you can come on in."

As the door opened, I slowly picked up the watch, turning it in my hands. It had a leather strap, black face with gold hands and was exquisitely crafted. Suzy opened the door and stood in the doorway for a second. And then, that's when it all happened.


As she started to step towards me, I pressed the button on the side of the watch.

"Oh, I thought..." Suzy started but then said nothing. I was still looking at the watch, and then suddenly realized the quiet, silent feeling in the air. I turned and looked at Suzy. She was in mid-step, her mouth open from speaking, but that was it. Frozen in time!

I blinked a few times to try to figure it all out. "Suzy?" I stood up and walked over in front of her. Looking directly into her beautiful face. "Suzy?..." There was no movement from her, not a sound around us. I turned and looked back at the watch. I walked over and picked it up, turned back to look at Suzy and pressed the button.

"...you were done, oh, where?" she was looking down at the seat, then turned to see me standing next to her. "Man, I must be seeing things, I thought you were just sitting there." She pointed to the chair. "Anyway, if you are done..."

"I think I am," I stammered. I'm sure my confused look matched hers. I was still trying to figure things out too. I reached out and handed her the key which she took, looking down and noticing the watch. "Wow, that's a beauty," she said. Before I could react, still in my confused stage, my mouth uttered the words before I could stop them, "Well, it takes one to know one." She just smiled and turned to walk out the door. I realized what I just said and turned a little red, but thought I should be getting some confidence by now, anyway. I really didn't want to watch her walk away, and then I thought I'd try it again. I pressed the button on the watch.

Again, the world came to a stop around me. Suzy was almost to the door, but there was something new I noticed this time. As her body froze and the sounds stopped, one thing didn't, her skirt swayed and swung a little until it came to rest against her body. I walked over to her, slipping around her to step out the door. As I brushed by, I again noticed that the skirt moved with the air I caused. Could it be that the body stops but the clothes aren't affected? This was all so new to me.

I walked out into the lobby of the bank. My god! Everyone was frozen in suspended animation. The two other beautiful tellers frozen in the midst of their transactions. A couple was walking in the door. The security guard was propped up against the wall. It was the strangest feeling to be the only one moving.

I walked back over to the door that Suzy was standing in. I walked right up in front of her, looking into her eyes, examining her face, the way her hair froze in place, it was all fascinating. Then, I remembered the note: "use only for pleasure." Hmmm...my eyes dropped to the top button of her blouse, resting neatly in the cleavage of her ample breasts. I began to wonder. I began to get hard thinking of the possibilities.

I stood and thought for a second, then slowly reached out and touched her hand. I studied it, finding that the skin was still soft and warm, but her hand didn't move, it was like she was a soft-skinned mannequin. I reached up and touched her lips, softly. Again, I got the same feeling. Then, I made my mistake which ended my experimentation that day, but led to so much more in life.

I slowly began to slide my finger down her chin, moving over her soft beautiful skin, moving down her neck, and sliding ever so slowly down, down, down. Just as my fingers were about to touch her blouse, right above that top button, the watch bumped against her hand, which was up near her breast as she had begun to walk when I froze her.

Suddenly, I found myself falling backward, catching Suzy as she fell on top of me, my hand being right at her cleavage, catching her by sliding over slightly and cupping her breast. Together, we hit the floor in a heap, the force throwing her head down into mine where our lips actually connected for a second and I felt her hot breath flood my mouth as her chest compacted against mine and my hand.

"Oooofff," the sound of two bodies smacking together and hitting the floor filled the bank. I suddenly found myself laying flat on my back on the floor, this stunning blonde laying on top of me and my hand pressed up against the softest, best breast I had ever felt.

"Oh my god," stuttered Suzy. "I..I..um..I'm so sorry...I...I didn't see you...um...standing there." The totally confused look on her face made me giggle a little. She looked at me strangely.

"It's o.k...I'm sorry too, I didn't mean to scare you"...I couldn't think of a thing to say cause it had all happened so fast, and SO by accident.

I think she finally realized where my hand was and she sat up quickly, but as she did, she rubbed her body right across my crotch. I hadn't realized how hard I had gotten while she was suspended, but I certainly felt it now. I'm sure she did too, cause she looked down toward my crotch with that same confused look.

By this time, two other people had come back to check on the noise and found us on the floor. "Are you o.k.?" I asked Suzy as the others helped her to her feet, then turned to me.

"Yes," she looked at me quizzically. "I think so."

"Good," I said. "It was a good thing I caught you"

She looked down at her breast and tugged the blouse a little. "Yes, thanks," she said. Seeing her look and the others around us, I decided I better get out of there. "Well, my lunch break from school is almost over, thanks so much for the help Suzy." I turned and walked out, with a million and a half things running through my mind.

As I stepped out into the fresh air, it seemed I had a new life, a new outlook on life. I felt good, I felt powerful...I was ready to head out and test the watch more often, seeing just how far I could go....

To be continued...