 Chapter 2: Volleyball Nancy

Stooping down to scoop up my precious broken watch, my mind was in shambles.  After all these years of discovery and pleasure, it seemed unbelievable that the source of  my happiness could be gone in one quick accident.  Of course these days, my hands are a bit shakier and accidents do happen a little more often, but at least my memory remains strong.  As I stare at the broken watch, hoping it will still bring it’s special powers to me and my grandson, my mind begins to roam again…..remembering…going back in time…


After leaving the bank, I was a little afraid to try the watch again, until I was in a more controlled area.  I still couldn’t make “heads or tails” of what had happened, but I know I had seen it with my own eyes.  It had to be real.

Later that night, at home, I tried the watch a few times.  Testing my family to see if they noticed a stoppage in time.  I didn’t move anything or change anything, but I did speak to my mother while she was frozen in time, to see if she might still hear.  She didn’t…and I began to realize, I had the power that every man wants.  I had the ability to stop time without anyone noticing, without anyone being adversely affected and to enjoy my mobility, senses and pure pleasure of doing anything I wanted.

The next day at school, I had a hard time focusing on classes and school work, especially as I entered my fourth period photography class and saw my favorite classmate, Nancy, who basically knew I existed, but didn’t really care.  Nancy was amazing, at 5’10, nicely proportioned, blonde, perky athletic breasts and a party girl attitude.  That was the problem, I wasn’t in the party group, the elite group of druggies, alcoholics and teenage wastoids.  Nancy was in the group, but she wasn’t there because of the previous reasons, she was a part of the group because of her beauty.

“Hi Nancy” I mumbled as I walked past her in class.  “Hi…” she responded with very little eye contact.  She looked amazing, wearing bike shorts that were not too tight, but just right, and a loose white t-shirt she had changed into just before class.  Volleyball practice followed this class and being the star of the team, she usually prepared early by getting dressed before our class.

Suddenly, a plan popped into my head, an idea for using the watch “for my pleasure only.”  I spent the entire class planning, thinking about how I would accomplish seeing Nancy naked for the first time.  The bell rang and everybody headed out of the classroom, Nancy heading straight for the gym for practice.  My school day was over, so, with a slightly nervous feeling deep in my stomach, I decided to try out my plan.

I waited for approximately 15 minutes, just outside the gym door.  I wanted volleyball practice to begin.  In the meantime, I was standing on the balcony above the pool, when I saw a few of our senior swim team members walking out of the locker room, heading for the cooling water.  I watch for another minute more, then decided it was time to try my plan.

I slowly pulled the watch out of my pocket, then pressed the button.  Again, the world came to a stop.  Some of the swimmers in mid step.  One of the guys was partly through a dive, frozen in a perfect form, arms arched and heading for the water.  I turned and reached for the gym door but found out something new.  I can’t open doors when the world is frozen.  I pulled but it wouldn’t budge.

I thought for a second.  ‘uh oh, maybe this plan won’t work’ I thought, remembering how when I froze time the first time, I had noticed that Suzy’s skirt had swayed still, the clothes hadn’t been locked in place.  I had just assumed the doors would be the same.

I pressed the button and the noise and world began again.  Reaching for the door, I slowly swung it open and stepped inside the gym.  Just as I stepped in, a volleyball when whizzing past my head and smacked the wall.

I jumped as the ball smacked hard, then head the girls laughing.  The entire Volleyball team was pointing and laughing at me, although Nancy was the first to trot over to me and retrieve the ball with a quiet “sorry” so that only I could hear.  I watched her bend over to pick up the ball, those shorts so tight against her perfect ass, and then bounce back over to the others.

I turned and began to walk towards the locker rooms, so nobody thought anything funny about me being in the gym.  The coach got the girls calmed down and resumed practice.  The girls were playing a scrimmage game, so I walked over behind the bleachers a little, but still had a view of the game.  I watched for a few minutes, the watch in my hand, my heart beating fast, my breath rapidly picking up.

One of the girl’s served, with the other team returning it.  I watched as another girl hit the ball high in the air as she dove to save a slam.  Nancy took two steps over, looking up, then raised both of her arms up over her head to set the ball for another player.  “Perfect” I said to myself, as I pressed the button on the watch, freezing all motion and all sound.

Slowly, carefully, I walked out from behind the bleachers, admiring the Volleyball team, frozen mid-game.  My feet led me on a weave through the girls, automatically placing me right in front of Nancy.  Her long legs tights, stomach drawn in, arms high above her head, beautiful eyes staring up to the sky and long blonde hair flowing down over her shoulders.

Not wanting to repeat another mistake I had made the day before, I carefully set the watch down on the ground a few steps away.  I didn’t want to accidentally press the button, cause this was my chance.  I reached out and touched the bottom of Nancy’s t-shirt and I was correct, the shirt moved in my hands, clothes do not freeze with the rest of the world.

With my heart practically jumping out of my chest, I reached out with both hands, grabbing Nancy’s shirt right at her hips, and slowly lifted it…sliding it up, seeing her tight young stomach before me.  The shirt slid up, until I saw a tight grey sports bra containing her incredible breasts.  With her arms straight up, she was too tall for me to slide the shirt all the way off, plus I was still a little nervous, so I pushed the shirt up her arms, past her head so I could look at her beautiful face.

The sports bra was so tight looking.  My fingers shaking, slowly reached out and grabbed the tight bottom of the bra, just below her breasts.  I took a deep breath, dipping my finger tips under the bra, feeling that her skin was still so warm and soft, and I tugged on the bra…pulling it out a little and then lifted it up, sliding it up to her armpits.

The most beautiful pair of tits were staring at me and my mouth was watering.  As I watched, her nipples reacted to the open air and turned hard.  “Oh my god” I muttered as I watch the hard nubs turn to stone.  ‘So, apparently, the body still reacts’ I thought to myself, ‘even when stopped in time.”

I couldn’t hold back any longer, I had wanted this for so long.  I reached out and felt Nancy’s breasts.  They were perfect – perky, soft, warm and moving with my touch.  I squeezed her breasts, then moved my fingers to her nipples, closing my index fingers and thumbs around them, pinching and pulling a little….watching as they bounced back into perfect form as I pulled them softly.  I was loving every second, squeezing my first pair of breasts.  I had to see what they felt like in my mouth.

Slowly, I leaned forward, closing my lips around her left nipple.  Feeling her hard nub in my mouth, I sucked on it, running my tongue around it again and again.  I licked back and forth across it, then suckled a little more before pulling my mouth back., her nipple stretching and then popping free of my mouth.

I stepped back and looked at the wet nipple, glistening in the light.  I had gone this far, should I push it?  I should!

I reached down and placed my hands on her tight bike shorts, right on her hips.  I hooked my fingers inside the waistband, catching what I though were her panties too, and started pulling her shorts down.  My heart felt like it was going to burst, as the shorts lowered, the panties sliding down too, until my eyes saw just a little tuft of hair, short and trimmed.  As I pushed the shorts down lower, my body bent, and as the shorts got to the thinner part of her legs, they dropped, which made me loose my balance and my face crashed right into her little soft mound.

I sat for a second, staring into her sweet pussy, a small line of hair directing me to the promised-land.  I looked up at her incredible body, then slowly down to that pussy.  My fingers reached out and I softly touched her.  My fingers feeling the softest lips.  I slowly rubbed my index finger back and forth, trying to remember techniques I had seen in pornos.  As I rubbed back and forth, I suddenly began to notice a liquid, her pussy was wetting itself as I rubbed.  The body does react!

The way her body was positioned, I couldn’t really get my head between her legs to taste her pussy, so I brought a finger to my mouth and sucked.  Nancy tasted like the sweetest cream I had ever had in my mouth and I drooled a little while licking my finger.

I returned to rubbing my finger back and forth through her wet lips, feeling them expanding and opening like a beautiful flower.  I curled my finger and found her hole, pressing against it.  I felt her tight inner walls spreading a little, allowing my finger to slide slowly inside her.  My cock was bursting in my pants, I was hard as a rock.

I continued to slide my finger in and out of her pussy, my thumb feeling around and finding her clit, exposed to the world.  I kept stroking, rubbing, fondling her pussy, my first, until I felt a small gush of fluid.  “Oh MAN!” I said out loud, the sound echoing though the silent gym.  Believing that some way, some how, I had just given her an orgasm, shocked me back to reality.

I pulled my hand back, seeing how wet it was, and noticed how her juices had run down her thighs.  Fearing that in some way, she might know what was happening, I quickly began to redress her, sliding her panties back into place, then shorts, tight bra and finally her t-shirt.

I took one last look at her, knowing I would remember this for the rest of my life.  I leaned over and softly kissed Nancy’s lips.  They were truly soft and slightly wet.  I wondered if her mouth was watering from the pleasure she had received.

I turned and picked up the watch, careful not to press the button, then walked off the court.  As I went, a last thought struck me.  I set the watch on the first row of the bleachers, then returned to the court.

“Laugh at me huh!” I smirked as I went around to all the players, except Nancy, and tore their t-shirts, almost all the way down the front.  I smiled as I walked off the court, picked up the watch and stepped back over to my position by the side of the bleachers.

I raised my eyes to the court and pressed the button.  Suddenly, life boomed again, and I watched as the volleyball began falling from the sky again.  But Nancy, instead of hitting the ball, suddenly dropped her arms to her pussy, her face changing, as the ball came down and landed next to her.  I suddenly realized, she was now feeling the orgasm.

At the same time, the rest of the team members resumed their playing and as they moved around, I heard rips and tears going on.  Then screams, as the girls shirts came flying open, their bras in view, and a few breasts from some of the smaller girls.  They began running around, like crazy chickens, then began to run towards the locker room, running right past me as I laughed and gawked at their bare skin.

I turned back to look at the court and saw Nancy, bent slightly, breathing hard, trying to recover from the earth-shattering orgasm that had suddenly, somehow hit her.  The coach was trying to recover from what just happened, spinning around like a top, looking for her team who had just run off the court.  I smiled big to myself, grabbed my bookbag and turned, heading for the gym door.  I stopped and took one look back at Nancy just as I grabbed the door.

Nancy was still bent slightly, breathing heavily.  Her head tilted up a little, looking my way.  Her eyes made contact with mine.  I smiled and slowly raised my index finger up to my mouth, licking it slowly, letting her see me taste it, then raised my eyebrows, turned and left the gym.