 The water was hot, piercing, and smooth as it ran down her body from the showerhead. Stacey closed her eyes and felt the water run through her blonde hair. She smoothed her hair back with her fingers, gently massaging the sides of her head, as well as feeling the shampoo run off her fingers. She imagined Michael behind her. Imagined that his hands were on hers as she helped guide them through her hair. Down her face, to her neck. Stacey opened her eyes and smiled devilishly as she picked up her body wash, poured some in her hands and got to work. Her hands smoothed her front and back, then back to her front, fondling her breasts. Michael would enjoy those immensely, she thought to herself. He always did. They were his big melons. Men! She laughed. They were never original. She didn't care what he called them, so long as he stuffed them in her mouth.

"I'm thinking crazy," she said aloud to no one in particular. She'd only seen him last night. Her hands went to her thighs, or were they already there? She didn't remember. She only knew her right hand rested in one spot, and it was gently pushing itself into her pussy. "Michael...I can't wait for you to come again." Stacey leaned back and allowed the water to caress her, envelop her, legs opening. "Oh my god!" Stacey turned off the shower, stared at the tiled wall, then opened the shower curtain, grabbed her towel, and dried herself off. Rough strokes, not light. She'd have to wait for Michael tonight. Was that the phone?

Stacey ran to the living room, wrapping the towel around her body at the same time, but when she got to her phone the ringing had stopped. She shrugged it off. "I must've been thinking about something else." Stacey shook her head and decided to get herself ready for Michael. He'd be there in an hour or so. Her hair wasn't going to get dry on its own. She glanced at the couch. "Now why would I leave the hairdryer there?" Stacey picked up the hairdryer with the letter R marked on it, returned to the bathroom, plugged it in, and then turned it on. She felt the side of her face become warm and from the corner of her eye could see a greenish light. And there was some humming sound. After a moment, the light faded, the humming stopped, and her face stopped feeling warm. She could see herself standing in front of her. "What the hell??"

"Oh my!" said the person standing in front of Stacey.

"Oh my god!!" screamed Stacey. Stacey ran away from the bathroom, turned around, and hit a wall.

Stacey woke up and found herself on the floor. She felt her body and realized she was dressed. Stacey stood up, and then saw the person at the couch. It was her, but it wasn't. It was someone who looked like her. "Are you supposed to be some fuckin' clone or something?"

"There's a message on your machine," said the impostor sipping tea. "I hope you didn't mind that I listened to it...I mean it was for me."

"No it wasn't!" Stacey glared at the person, and then hit a button on her answering machine.

"Stacey, this is Michael," said the message, "I think I left my replicator gun at your place. It has an R on it. Just thought I'd let you know, so you don't like zap yourself by mistake ha ha ha, see you tonight sweetheart, I love you. Kissy kissy."

"I like that part," said the impostor. "Kissy, kissy. That's so cute."

"Shut up!" Stacey looked around angrily. "Just shut up, I'm trying to think! How the hell did I get dressed?" Stacey looked at her outfit. Khaki pants and a long-sleeved green blouse. She was also wearing a bra. "You sicko!"

"What?" The impostor sipped her tea. "You know you liked it too."

"Liked what? Someone else dress me!" Stacey growled shaking her fist at the impostor. "The only one who touches my body is my boyfriend!"

The impostor smirked. "Oh really? Well, I enjoyed it, so since I enjoyed it, you did too, since you are me."

"I'm not you, and you're not me. For starters, if you were me, your hair would be blonde, but it's not, is it? It's black."

"Yeah, whatever!" snapped the impostor. "Think what you want, I don't care. I'm just going to have a nice time with my boyfriend."

"Oh no you're not! He's my boyfriend, bitch!" Stacey jumped on the couch and grabbed the impostor by the hair. The doorbell rang. Stacey ran to the door.

"This isn't over bitch!" yelled the impostor.

Stacey opened the door and smiled at Michael. She saw him duck as a teacup flew past him. Stacey turned around and glared back at the couch. "Honey, you're early."

"Actually, sorry I'm late." Michael smiled, and then kissed Stacey. "These are for you."

"Thank you," said Stacey taking his flowers. "Red roses. You traditionalist, you."

The impostor ran to the door. "Come in Michael! I missed you!"

"No you didn't!" yelled Stacey.

"Uh-oh," said Michael. "I see you got my message a bit late."

"Michael, why is my hair black?" asked the impostor. She pushed Stacey out of the way and stood in front of Michael, and twirled a bit of her hair with her fingers. "I like your outfit, honey. I love it when you get all dressed up like that." The impostor ran her fingers down his tie.

"Um, yeah," said Michael. "I'm sorry, clone, I still have some bugs to work out on the replicator."

Stacey dusted herself off, and handed the flowers to the impostor. "Go put these in water. And thank you, Michael, I picked the outfit myself, naturally." She placed her hands on her hips and did a little spin. 

The impostor rolled her eyes. "Um, yeah, well, Michael and I have a date."

Michael laughed. "Okay, this is confusing."

"I'll make it easy for you," said Stacey. She pushed Michael out the door, threw the impostor on the floor, ran out the door and closed it quickly. "Okay, quickly, before she comes after us!" Stacey grabbed Michael's hand and ran to his car.

Michael opened the door and watched Stacey run in. 

Stacey opened the driver's side door. "Quickly, she's coming!"

Michael sauntered into the car. "Alright, alright, relax."

When they started to drive, Stacey relaxed. Little did they realize that the impostor knew where Stacey's car keys were.

The restaurant was not very crowded. Michael was glad because he had forgotten to make reservations. He smiled at the host. "Hello sir, I forgot to make reservations."

"Not a problem, sir," said the host, "we're only full on the weekends. A table for two?"

"Oh Michael, yoo hoo! Over here!"

Stacey gaped as she saw the impostor at a table near the center of the restaurant.

The host smiled. "Ah, yes, I believe she has been waiting for the both of you."

Stacey marched over to the impostor and was about to slap her when she saw Michael come up from behind. "How the hell did you get here so fast?"

The impostor smiled. "Simple, I drove in my car."

Stacey's face turned red, but before she could say anything, Michael pulled out a chair for her. She sat down reluctantly.

"Let's just all relax and have a nice dinner," said Michael calmly, picking up the menu in front of him. "We can decide what to do later."

"Yes," said the impostor, "I like that idea. Who knows what will happen later? The evening is still young."

"Shut up," mumbled Stacey through her menu.

"So, clone, what are you having?" asked Michael politely hoping to start up conversation.

"I'm sorry," said the impostor, "but I hate to be rude. Would you mind not calling me clone? I find it hurtful."

"Oh my god! That's what you are!" yelled Stacey.

Michael patted Stacey's hand. "Relax Stacey, relax. Alright, how about I call you, Tracey then." He saw the impostor frown. "I can't call you Stacey because then it will get confusing."

The impostor sighed. "Alright, Tracey then." She smiled. "I think I could get used to that."

Stacey smiled. "You know, um, Tracey, they serve an excellent shellfish here. You should try that."

"Oh my god! You know I'm allergic to shellfish!" The impostor glared at Stacey.

Michael shook his head. "Stacey that wasn't nice, now apologize."

"I'm not apologizing to some stupid..."

"Kissy, kissy," said Michael in Stacey's ear, and then he started to nibble it.

Stacey sighed and giggled. "I apologize...Tracey."

"Apology accepted."

Michael sighed. "Alright, I'm going to order for everyone seeing as how I'm wary of the two of you." Michael waved his hand and a waiter came over. "Yes sir, you're ready to order?" The waiter smiled at the two girls. "Oh wow, twins!" The waiter gave Michael a wink.

"We're not twins!" Stacey sighed.

"Actually," said Tracey, "she's a clone."

Michael shook his head, and then grabbed the knife from Stacey's hand. "Yes, I think to play it safe, we'll all take the spaghetti and meat sauce."

"We have salmon on special, sir, if you're interested?"

Michael smiled. "Yes, I do like salmon, but you need a knife to cut that and I don't want them anywhere near knives."

After a good dinner and a night of watching two women argue back and forth, Michael was ready to call it a night. He walked Stacey to the door and saw Tracey not far behind them. He figured he'd have to do something about Tracey. Maybe tomorrow he thought. He'd have to de-clone the clone. "Well, I guess this is goodnight." Michael kissed Stacey on the cheek.

Stacey sighed to herself. Her body felt tingly, and her loins needed some action. There was that clone to worry about. "Do you want to come in for some coffee?"

Coffee? Michael looked at Stacey, and then looked back at Tracey who was almost at the doorstep. He shrugged. The clone, or Tracey, would probably be tired and be heading to bed anyway. Besides he waited all day to be with his girlfriend. He wasn't going to let some replicator accident prevent him from being with his woman. "Coffee sounds great."

"Excellent," said Stacey gently, opening the door. She led Michael inside by his arm, feeling its bulk. "I'll go put some on, it shouldn't be long." Stacey went to the kitchen.

Tracey smiled. "Well, have a seat honey, make yourself at home." 

Michael shrugged and sat on the couch; after all, it wasn't like Tracey was a stranger. She was in a way, Stacey. "Did you have a good time tonight, Tracey?"

"I did, especially with you." Tracey sat beside him and crossed her legs. "You know, I've been waiting for this all day, especially when I was in the shower." Tracey blushed. "I have a confession to make...I'm not wearing any underwear."

Michael put his tongue in his cheek. 

"I know," continued Tracey, "that you're thinking, I'm not Stacey, but I am Stacey. So it'd be the same."

Michael sighed.

"I know your anguish. I'll make it even easier for you. Stacey's wearing your underwear."

"Um, yeah, okay, and you know this how?" 

Tracey blushed. "She needed some help getting dressed."

"Coffee time!" chanted Stacey entering the living room with two cups of coffee. She handed one to Michael, then sat herself down next to him on his other side. She glared at Tracey. "Maybe you should get some sleep, you look tired."

"I'm not tired. Michael and I were having a nice conversation. Weren't we Michael?" Tracey smiled playfully at Michael then sipped his coffee. She made slurping sounds to enhance the swallowing of the coffee.

Michael sipped his coffee to take off his uneasy feeling. He thought his forehead might be sweating.

"Leave Michael's coffee alone," blurted Stacey. "He's mine." Stacey sipped Michael's coffee. "Mmm, this is good, real good, oh yeah."

Tracey shoved Stacey's face away from Michael's coffee, put her finger in his cup, and then licked her finger. "I like the taste of your coffee, Michael."

Michael couldn't take it any longer! "Okay, that's it, that's it! I've had enough. I am going to bed. You two can stay out here and argue all night long." Michael grabbed his cup of coffee. "If anyone wishes to join me, then fine." Michael stood up brusquely, then walked into Stacey's bedroom and slammed the door. 

Stacey sighed.

Tracey sighed. "We could draw straws?"

"How about I just kill you?" Stacey shook her head.

"Look, why don't we just go to Michael and then apologize. Then he can be with you. After all, I'm just a stupid clone anyway. I'll just leave you both to yourselves."

Stacey won, but she still felt bad. "Okay, we'll apologize to him and maybe we'll just head to bed and figure out what to do tomorrow."

Stacey and Tracey walked up to the bedroom door. Stacey opened it.

"Come in," said Michael's voice. "And close the door, you're letting in a draft."

Tracey closed the door. "Michael, we just wanted to apologize, then we're going to head to bed. It's been a long night."

"Don't you ladies want dessert?" asked Michael.

Tracey's eyes widened as she realized Michael was laying on the bed with no clothes on.

"I'm not wearing any underwear," said Michael pouting.

Stacey crawled up beside Michael. "Well, now, someone's a bit eager."

Michael extended his other arm for Tracey. "Come here, sweetheart, I can't reach you from all the way over there."

Tracey stood by the door. "You'll just have to be patient." Tracey slipped off her shirt and pants, and then lay beside Michael.

Michael kissed her, as he unbuttoned Stacey's shirt. With Stacey's help the bra came off. He let his hands explore those melons. He loved them, and rolled to his side to love them more. His mouth kissed them, then the tips. He felt them become hard. 

Tracey looked at Stacey, and then knelt beside Michael. "I think Michael deserves some pampering. Don't you?"

Stacey's clothes were off. Forgetting the fact that somehow she had been wearing Michael's underwear, Stacey knelt beside Michael. "I think you're right. Poor Michael, you had to listen to us argue all night." She placed her hand on his cock and rubbed his shaft lightly.

Michael groaned.

Tracey put her mouth on it. "I like your coffee, Michael."

Stacey waited for her turn, and then tasted Michael's cock. It was hard for her, it was ready. She sucked as well.

Michael groaned. "Oh my god! Fuck me you two!"

Tracey sucked, and Stacey sucked. They took turns. 

Michael eventually lost track of who was sucking when. All he knew was he was feeling good and he wanted to cum right there and right then. "Oh my god! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum! Who wants it? Shit, who wants it??" Michael tried to hold himself. 

Stacey looked over at Tracey. "You?"

Tracey nodded. "Hey Michael, get ready to shoot in my face." Tracey sucked him faster and faster.

"Oh my god, I can't hold on! I can't hold on! Stacey, if you want this, you'd better...ohhhh!" 

As Michael cried Tracey took her mouth off of Michael then shoved Stacey's face at his cock. Michael spurted into Stacey's face. Stacey opened her mouth and sucked off whatever was left. Michael collapsed.

When Michael woke up, he saw Stacey wearing a pink gown and kneeling beside him. Tracey was wearing a red slip and sipping coffee.

"Oh wow! Don't tell me the night's over ladies? That was fuckin' awesome!"

Stacey blushed. "Well, you got your blowjob from two gorgeous women. What more could you ask for?"

Slurp. "Good coffee," said Tracey setting her cup on the nightstand. "The night's not over."

"Really?" said Michael. "Then come on, baby, show me what you got."

"Oh I will," said Tracey icily, "all you need to do is lay back and enjoy the show."

"I can't wait." Michael sighed in anticipation. "I'm ready when you are."

Tracey knelt beside Michael, then leaned over and pressed her lips against Stacey's lips, her hand taking off Stacey's gown. "Kissy kissy."