 "The master wants to see you..." The demon's dark, melodic voice startled Soraya and she opened her eyes quickly. In comparison to Nira's kiss, it was a rather rough awakening, interrupting her already forgotten dreams. She lifted a hand to rub the sleep out of her eyes and was stopped by the ropes that still tied her hands to the bed.

The light falling into the room through the windows was rather gray, so Soraya suspected that it was quite early in the morning. After he left her yesterday, full of yearning, she tossed and turned for quite some time before calming down enough to sleep and finding a position in which sleeping was comfortable. His intention, she figured, had been to prevent her from touching herself. As to why, she had no idea.

"Untie me, then" Soraya simply replied in a dry tone, shooting him a sleepy, annoyed look. She was slightly disappointed that all feeling in his eyes was gone again. No hint of his personality remained. Now at least she knew it was there and she only needed to find it again, unless a possibility of escape opened up. In that case, she had -- sadly -- more important things to do.

Like a prisoner kept for ransom, she was treated exceptionally well, but the midwife had hinted that gold might not be the master's purpose. To her knowledge, there were not too many possibilities left. For all her and Nira's claims to be 'just servants', they either knew their lord quite well or had more information that they let on.

With a flick of his wrist, the demon removed the ropes magically. Under the sheets, Soraya covered her naked chest out of modesty, as was expected at home. It was pointless, of course, since the demon had seen and touched her before, but she wasn't about to give in. She folded back her blanket and sat up. Nira hurried to her side to help her up and escort her to the bathroom.

Steam rose out of the tub, indicating that the servant had already filled it with deliciously warm water. Soraya allowed Nira to undress her and stepped down into the water. Sitting down, the water reached her chin.

"Nira... What does the master want with me?" Soraya asked the talkative servant, turning her head to see the woman standing at the shelf, choosing a flask.

"No idea..." Nira replied, apparently focused on her task, as she didn't turn until after choosing a flask with a blue liquid.

"You do know a lot, I am certain..." the princess insisted.

"Yes, but I won't risk drawing the master's wrath. Especially not today. He was very displeased -- before you ask, I really have no clue -- and I hope for your sake that he has calmed down before you reach him. Not that bathing and dressing take long..." Nira said while shampooing the princess's hair. For the moment, the young woman gave up, as she did not want to put the servant at any risk. She could have been given a much worse maidservant.

Not an hour later, after a hurried bath, Soraya followed the demon through the castle. She wore a marvelous dress made up of several layers of dark blue fabric, everyone a different shade. The train of every layer, even the ones not visible to the eye, was masterfully embroidered with different landscapes and the heavy belt of silver brocade complemented it. While those embellishments on the dress could have been prepared, the tailor surely worked all night to have the garment fitting by morning, which left her wondering how hard the demon's whip drove him. At least, the demon had labeled her 'presentable', which hopefully meant he liked the garment.

The castle itself wasn't dark or moldy, as she would have imagined a demon master's lair to be, but brightly lit and comfortable. There were rugs and curtains everywhere, huge glass windows and tasteful décor, whereas the stories told of dingy, dank dungeons, skulls and dried blood everywhere. Either the stories of those lairs were just stories or this demon liked to live comfortably.

The demon led her into a room that, while with a high ceiling and rather spacious, was no throne room. More a mixture between audience room, library and work room that smelled of dust, books and some alchemical ingredients she couldn't identify. With his back to them, a man stood in front of a high desk over a strange hole in the floor. It wasn't structural failure, as the edges were finished. Coming closer, Soraya also spotted stairs going down into the hole.

The master looked like an average size man with dark brown hair. When he turned, the princess could see that he'd made an effort to show his demonic nature, as the parts of his eyes that should have been white were a dark red. This made a chill run down her spine. Almost as if picking up upon her mood, then he blinked and the red retreated. His irises were still disturbingly red; but now at least there was the normal, human looking white in his eyes.

"Soraya Liane Norell of Dawmer... A pleasure..." the master greeted her, extending his hand. "My name is Nerach and as you surely have guessed I reign over the beautiful land of Noorveld. I am pleased to greet you as my guest."

The princess bit her lip to prevent herself from giving him a withering reply. Instead, she just tilted her head in barely existing acknowledgement, ignoring the outstretched hand.

The master did not seem to expect a reply nor was he offended by her rejection. "I do realize that my invitation did not exactly follow protocol. However, I require your presence and your assistance. Please, come closer..."

Still silent, Soraya approached the hole as instructed and sucked in a sharp breath. On the floor beneath her -- or more likely, in the cavern -- stood hundreds of soldiers. All were transparent, as if made of glass. Infantry with spear and sword, arbalesters, cavalry and chariots, unmoving, as if frozen. With the exception of their officers, they all had the same faces, the same armor and weapons.

"Marvelous, aren't they?" With his words, Nerach interrupted the princess' thoughts. "By the way -- I appreciate that you are not interrupting me and holding back annoying, obvious questions like 'Who are you?' and 'What do you want to do with me?'. I don't mind you pestering my servants but since there are things I need you to know, I will explain some things to you. If you still have questions after I'm finished, I shall consider them..."

Soraya crossed her arms defiantly, still silent, but he didn't even look at her and continued. He seemed quite self-centered and liked to hear himself talk, the princess decided. Maybe, at some point, she could use that against him. If it wasn't -- as he claimed -- just part of his plan.

"What you see down there are... Well, a sort of homunculi. Artificial beings, created with magic, called 'daimonion' by their creator. They were created by a long dead god whose name is of no importance. She used parts of herself and her slain children, usually hair, to form an army, more glorious any other ever seen, to fight us, the demons. They say hell knows no fury than a woman scorned... In case you are wondering, long ago, my kind was created similarly by the gods -- as servants, but we were not meant to bow, but to rule."

"Magic, you see, is inherent in gods as it is in demons. Humans, however, do not possess any magic, unless they are descendants of the former and their magic is awakened... let's say 'in the tradition of their ancestor'." Just then, Nerach turned to face her. He took a moment to study her from head to toe. Surprisingly, he didn't comment on what he saw. "In you, my dear -- to prevent the obvious 'why me'- question -- flows the blood of said god. Only one of her descendants survived the war and later founded the kingdom of Dawmer..."

Soraya had known that the first king of her country had been called Dawn, but that he had been a god, was new to her. Was it a deliberate evasion or had her people just forgotten? His next words would maybe explain.

"You never wondered why you aren't allowed to rule yourself?" A cold grin spread over the demonic master's face when he saw interest sparkling in Soraya's eyes and her concentrated frown.

"Actually, I did..." she confessed. Not just, because it was the truth, but also because she suspected it was what he wanted to hear. She knew the law, of course, but didn't know about it's origins.

"You see, humans are an ungrateful lot. After the war, the god's child was the only one capable of controlling his mother's army. Despite his most benevolent rule -- or so the stories say -- they feared the power he wielded and they feared him. Any offspring would inherit his power. Saddened by the mistrust of his people, he made a deal with them. As long as the inheritance would continue over his bloodline, he would continue to protect Dawmer and the kingdom would retain the possible protection of this army, should he die. His descendants, however, would never rule again, so the army would never be used to oppress his own subjects. When the council of elders agreed, a constitution of your kingdom was signed and he abdicated, leaving a daughter to be married to the future king."

Nerach seemed rather gleeful, enjoying Soraya's discomfort at hearing her story. It was much too close to what Nira had said about good and evil being political labels and she liked it even less that, in this story, the elders' council could hardly be labeled 'good'. Rejecting a benevolent god was surely not in the best interest of her people.

"So you want me to control my ancestor's army for you. You obviously anticipated all my silly questions before I had a chance to ask them. Surely, you have realized that I would not cooperate. And never -- ever --, will I marry you. How do you plan to force me to do that? I won't be bribed with beautiful dresses and fine accommodation and I won't be pressed by the lack of it. I might have lacked the courage to end my own life to escape capture, but to protect my people, I won't hesitate." Her eyes unwavering, Soraya stared at the master.

Nerach made an annoyed hand gesture and twisted his lip in disgust. "Ugh. First of all, I have no intention of marrying you. Why should I marry a human? I have no need for mortal offspring and your kind disgusts me. Or are you simply so self-centered, to think that everyone wants to marry you? I want to add Dawmer to my own kingdom, but I have no intention to waste any time with a semblance of legality. I have an army. Or will have, once I start my invasion."

The master shook his head to collect himself, and then snapped his fingers. "As for the other thing..." The door opened and led by a pair of guards, Soraya's nanny entered. The old woman, despite being very pale and having dark shadows under her sunken eyes, held her head high and was obviously unharmed. The princess pressed her lips together, her posture turning rigid. Relieving as it was to see her nurse alive, it had been stupid of her to think that he would have had all of them killed. Of course, this evil mastermind would have retained someone as leverage. After Nerach waved his hand, the human guards escorted the old woman out.

"Since you're a smart girl, I think we can omit all the gruesome details and the 'what happens if' -- discussion. It will take some time until you can awaken the army. Some of your ancestors tried before they lost this part of the country -- meaning until I conquered it several hundred years ago -- and failed miserably. With my guidance, you can do better, I am sure, but you'll still need a lot of practice."

"Despite what the stories say about demons, there are only a handful with a taste for cruelty. So I will tell you this: you practice your magic, she won't suffer and both of you will live rather comfortably. Make progress and I will consider visiting and treats like some free movement. It is a simple deal. Any questions?" he concluded.

Blushing, but refusing to avert her eyes, Soraya asked: "Why did you order your demon to seduce me?"

Another annoyed sigh from the demon. "Did you not listen?" Turning away from her, he pointed to the far end of the hall. Elevated, there stood a frozen horse beside a simple throne-like chair. "The army's general used to sit there. Unmoving, but not solidified into crystal, he sat there for millennia, waiting for one to command him and his troops. Of all the god's daimoni, he is the most perfect, more of a vessel for a slain god. A free will, high intelligence, exceptional fighting skills, powerful magic and so much knowledge -- ah if I could only harness it. Anyway, I managed to subdue his will, to control him, most of the time. Of course, he resists, but so far, I have proven stronger. He once was called Cathal, but I..." at this point, Nerach paused dramatically and turned around to point at his blonde slave, waiting patiently behind them.

"... usually don't name my tools. As for the seducing part... I explained earlier that the magic needs to be awakened in the tradition of their ancestral god. Dawn and his goddess mother are or in her case, were gods of fertility and pleasure. Since I don't want to do you myself..." He said his words with a dry voice to underline his displeasure with having to repeat himself and frowned at her. "My order, by the way, was not to seduce you, but to introduce you to pleasure and to fuck you. Something he has resisted in the last two days, but my patience is... at its limits."

"This is why we will correct this neglect here and now. He will fuck you on the table." Nerach waved a hand and made an armchair hover. "I will be watching to stop him from interpreting any fancy loopholes in my command yet again. And do not annoy me by telling me that you don't enjoy his 'seducing', as you call it. I can smell the truth."

Soraya swallowed hard and felt heat rising in her face. Nervous, she glanced to and fro between Nerach, who now relaxed in his chair and back at the demon, she now knew was called Cathal. She could see the latter forced himself to unclench his teeth.

"I feel obliged to remind you, that proceeding this fast could prove dangerous." Cathal almost growled the words.

Some of the personality Soraya had seen yesterday evening had emerged yet again. After the story she had just heard, the princess wasn't too surprised that the blond demon wasn't a very willing servant to Nerach. Rather, he was a slave.

"I'm sure she has a cousin. And I hate to repeat myself." Nerach lifted his hands and closed his fist around thin air, turning it in the process. Under the pressure of this magic, the other demon's face twitched, then the muscles in his face relaxed. Soraya could almost see how his soul vanished behind his eyes as his will was suppressed again. Somehow, she felt sorry for the demon general, even as he took his first step forward, closer to her.

The truth was that Nerach was right: Soraya wanted to be touched by the demon. Not even the memory of him slaughtering her men had discouraged her desire. And she knew that once he started, she would not resist despite the unwanted spectator sitting several feet away from his walnut desk.

No longer master of his own will, the demon general walked over and started to untie Soraya's belt. The heavy silk slid to the ground as soon as he undid the clasps. Most of the layers underneath started to slide open. This was not at all how he'd approached her before. There was... even less of him, if that was possible. Somehow, it made the princess feel a dull pain in her chest. He was as much a prisoner as she was.

Soraya was acting on an impulse, as she turned around to face her adversary. "You said the magic must be awakened in the tradition of the ancestral god. You said that our ancestor was a god of fertility and pleasure. If you keep Cathal subdued like that, he won't be able to introduce me to pleasure."

"What will happen, if he just takes my virginity? Or worse... if it hurts?" The princess asked, her face blank, betraying no emotion, while the blond demon started to pull the robes off her back and discarded them.

Upon hearing this, Nerach made a face. "Nice try, princess. I won't deny that the effect would be disastrous, but be assured... He won't hurt you. I won't permit it. And you will like it."

Now, after the last of the outer layers was discarded, the demon Cathal waited, hands on her shoulders. He made no attempts to relieve her of her final covering. It consisted of a robe knotted in several places at the front with a low neckline that left the shoulders free and the usual loincloth underneath.

Soraya threw him a look over her shoulder, then started walking in the direction of the master's working table, before he lifted her up in his arms again and simply carried her over. Her heart was beating in her throat and she did her best to hide her shaking hands from Nerach, hoping he wouldn't notice her disquiet. She didn't want to give him the pleasure of seeing how nervous she was. From this trap there was no escape without outside help, so she thought it best to cooperate, for now. Her fiancée would be furious, but losing her virginity wouldn't make her any less heir to her kingdom. Everything had a price and hers could be much worse.

When Soraya hesitated for a moment in front of the table, she felt soft lips on her shoulder, as Cathal drew closer. She took it as her clue and turned to face him. Lifting her chin, she tried to read in his cold, blue eyes. Nerach's magic had taken all life out of them. He was just... a puppet, following his master's command. Her lips started to prickle in anticipation as he slowly bowed down to her. Already, she could feel his warm breath on her lips...

"Oh, none of that that sentimental nonsense..." Nerach thundered, throwing his book to the ground, as he saw his servant attempt a kiss.

Cathal hesitated just an inch away from her lips and Soraya gritted her teeth. Gently, he put his hands around her hips, to slowly turn her around. There was just an almost sheer layer of silk that separated her skin from his. Had they not had a spectator, she would wish to feel him close to her. As it was, she didn't want to expose herself to Nerach. The girl wanted to see him even less, so she stared straight ahead to avoid looking to her right where he had placed his chair in some distance behind the table.

The demon started to pull the robe up. His hands caressed her thighs as he revealed them. As his fingers reached her buttocks, a pleasant shiver ran down her spine. For a moment, he paused to push her chest down to the table. As he then started to pull her cheeks apart, he used his knees to push the legs apart and knelt down behind her.

Soraya hoped for the gentle kisses he had always caressed her with, but she knew better. As Cathal was not master of his senses, he didn't tease her. There was only one kiss on her lower lips and he wasted no time and pushed his tongue inside her untouched pussy. The princess bit her lip to avoid any sounds of pleasure that might escape her. If she could help it, she wouldn't give Nerach the satisfaction and Cathal wasn't aware of it anyway.

The demons tongue slid in and out of her with mechanical precision. Every other flick of his tongue or so, he would stretch it to the front between her lips, as if he wanted to catch her pearl. The place, perfectly smooth skin was wet from his saliva, but that wasn't the only liquid for long.

"I might even ask him what you taste like, Soraya. He will remember, but he cannot stop. For a human, I must admit, you smell delicious..." Nerach said from behind, but his voice seemed bored and the princess could hear him flip pages.

Cathal's tongue started a fire in her fold that she had never known before. Yesterday, Soraya desired the demon. Today, she craved him. He didn't make it easier for her when he collected her dress in one hand and stroked down over her ass and her thigh to her front, to rub the sensitive spot he had already wetted with his tongue.
