 Colony: Book One

~House of Three~

Ch. 1: Surprise Benefits

"Welcome to the colony, Mr. Rexford." Said the young man tapping on a holographic tablet. "Just head over to the front desk there and the processing service will walk you through all your entitlements and requirements for permanent residence on planet Gravida."

Cryus Rexford nodded, grabbed his carry on and headed through the turnstiles to the desk. A young woman greeted him cheerfully and asked for his name and ID. 

"Thank you." She said taking the card and tapping away on her own tablet. "So, Mr. Rexford as you know Gravida is a new colony, and very sparsely populated. To reside here permanently you are signing an agreement to produce offspring within the next five years, and certifying you will reside here for the next ten." 

Rexford nodded. 

"Great, sign here." He did. "Great, you're living arrangements are all set: furniture, infrastructure and your federal stipend all of that is all ready. You just need to go for your final medical exam, pick up materials and assistance and transport will take you to your new home. 

The checkup was fairly standard, vital scans, weight, height. Cyrus Rexford 6'2"- 215lbs, fit, picture of health. The materials pick up was keys, pamphlets for restaurants, parks and other developed areas of the newly settled planet. 

The final stop on the way out of the processing facility was not so standard. He entered the room to find it much larger than the others and filled with young women, all sitting at tables- mostly silently. 

"Is this some sort of waiting area?"

One of the settlement employees came over to him. "Did you need help with something?" 

Rexford looked at the man then around. "Is this the waiting area?"

The man looked confused. "This is the selection area."

"Selection for what?" Rexford asked. 

"Did you not read your residence contract?"

"I skimmed it." Rexford said looking around.

"These young ladies are here to assist in populating the colony. Your contract requires you to produce progeny, so does theirs."

"You're making them volunteer their bodies? Most of these girls don't even break 21."

"I think the range is around 18~23." He commented surveying the room. "Yes, well, as it says in your contract, and theirs, people who arrive legally unattached are paired before beginning life here to ensure the population rises quickly."

"Did they volunteer for this?" Rexford asked looking very dubious about the new homestead.

"Sure." The man said casually. "We get more women to new homesteads than men by a factor of almost 5:1. Most of them are young women from across the various systems. They come here to start over, abusive families, poverty, so on and so forth. Many want families, couldn't find worthwhile partnerships or marriages where they came and being here, a random partner sounds better than being alone." He seemed so causal about it Rexford couldn't find his balance mentally.

"So, I just pick one? Like I'm grocery shopping?" He asked.

"One?" The man asked surprised, "You pick three."

Rexford stared at him. "Three?" 

"That's right." The man gestured around. "You think if one man took one girl each time someone moved here we'd have them all paired up in the next century? Part of the goal of allowing people to move here as cheaply and comfortably as we do is that they will populate and develop. Can't do that with 5:1 ratios."

"Instead of running, what now sounds like a sex cult, why don't you just advertise better?" Rexford responded. 

"We do plenty of advertising, but the fact remains that even without new settlements it's hard enough keeping populations growing." He studied the scowl on Rexford's face. "You can leave you know."

Rexford shrugged. "Nowhere to go." He looked at the man. "Does this sort of thing attract a lot of perverts?"

The man looked around. "Wish it did, we'd have more people and more babies. The initial population of the settlement when it opened, oh maybe ten years ago was about five thousand. Its only grown by about three percent over that time through domestic birth. That's five thousand people on one planet, and most of them are young women. Going to pick or not?"

"Can you do it? I feel bad." Rexford said.

"I can." The man replied walked towards a desk where he retrieved his tablet. He tapped the screen for a few moments then there was shuffling and three girls walked up. They were all wearing bracelets with blinking green lights.

The man gestured to the one on the left, a young blue eyed girl with long tangling dirty blonde hair. She couldn't have been taller than five feet or weighed more than a hundred pounds. All of them were very slender girls. 

"This is Edie," He said, "She just turned 19, about five feet and a half inch tall, roughly one hundred pounds. She described herself as 'a reader'." Rexford looked at her- she was looking at the ground. "Edie... actually was rescued from a sex cult. FPSA couldn't take care of her anymore once she came of age and after a brief stint in the career department, was shipped here." Rexford was having trouble breathing. 

The man moved to the next girl, she had a deeply tanned complexion and long coiling black hair. "This is Beth." He said, "Beth is..." He scrolled down the screen. "Excited to have a family. She is five foot five, and a hundred and fifteen pounds. She comes from a mixed race family, and volunteered to leave her home world due to overcrowding. She is 18, she will be 19 in four months."

He moved on to the girl farthest to the right. "This is Justine." He gestured to her while reading. Justine was between the two other girls in height but just as slender. She was very pale with freckles and bright red hair that fell across her back and shoulders seemingly without a tangle or curl. "Justine, 19, attempted to join the military dressed as a boy because, and I quote, 'she gets along better with guys'. She declined to explain why she ended up on Gravida. She is five foot two and a half, one hundred and eight pounds."

He set the pad down looked over the girls then turned to Rexford. "These are the girls the system selected for you. Do you want them or would you like to pick yourself?" Justine was already looking at him, her eyes seemed to be boring into him. Edie had looked up, almost sheepishly.

"If that's all I get to go on, these three are great." He said with a shrug. Only Justine reacted- by removing her piercing gaze. 

"Excellent." The man said, and turned to the girls. "Your stuff in storage will be shipped to your new home, and I'll complete the rest of the forms. You three go wait outside with your new partner..s.." He paused awkwardly, checking the pad. "Transport stall eight. Rexford here will be right out."

The three girls all removed the electronic bracelets and set them on the desk, filing out awkwardly. 

"I just need signatures and initials finalizing the residence agreement." Rexford did so. "Now as a last measure, I have to inform you that you will receive marriage documents and benefits from Gravida, and ExoCorp for this colony but if you chose to move, none of these documents will be valid off world. Which means your union to the three girls will be void anywhere but here. You would in that instance, forfeit your living stipend and arrangement."

Rexford didn't respond. "With that I think we're all set. Stall eight, straight back and all the way down to the left." Rexford grabbed his bag and exited, his face blank, walking with the reluctance of someone who was lost.

The man watched him go. A receptionist came up to him and leaned in. "Was that the Cyrus Rexford?"

"Yep."

"As in the war hero, son of the business magnate, walked away from a fortune, Rexford?"

"The same." The man said nodding. 

"What is he doing here? He could have had way more than this." She asked.

The man punched up a news story on his holographic tablet and held it up. The story read: "MAXEMILLIAN REXFORD ARRESTED FOR PROFETING ON GENETIC MODIFICATIONS FOR MILITARY. LIFE SENTENCE."

"His press conference said he was exiting the family publicly, and the company. Supposedly he still has a fortune out there floating around he doesn't want."

"Can I volunteer to join his house?" The receptionist said.

The man looked over his shoulder at her. "Ew." And walked back to his desk.

Ch. 2: Homestead

Outside on the parking stall, the three ladies were seated on the bench; Edie and Beth on the ends and Justine in the middle. Justine, the most talkative of the bunch was eager to stir the pot with her new companions. 

"Anyone else wondering what the um, sleeping arrangements will be?" There was an awkward silence, and no one responded. "Do you think we'll all sleep together, or separate rooms and let him pick every night?" More cold shoulders. "I vote three beds, and let him pick a bed." 

"Why are you here?" Beth asked looking at her irritably. 

"I'm here for a fresh start and a new life." Justine responded with a sarcastic barb flipping locks of copper-orange hair.

"The rest of us are here because we have nothing else." Beth said assertively. "We moved to a colony planet, where we essentially were herded into being sister-wives for the sake at any kind of quality of life. This was it for us, why are you here? To get off?" Beth shot back.

"So because you're lives were poor and sad before you can't be a little happy about getting laid?" Justine replied. "Lighten up. Free housing, free food, new company, and practically mandated, condom-less sex. I'm surprised everyone doesn't sign up- rich or poor."

"We're not really eager to celebrate trading our bodies for a way of life." Beth countered.

Justine leaned in to Beth and smirked at her. "And yet, here you are. And since your body is what's up for trade, maybe you should think more about making it a desirable product." She pulled hair behind her ear again. "I for one intend to be a ready and willing play thing."

"I am not a toy, I am a person." Beth said, visibly upset by Justine's antics.

"Absolutely," Justine replied, looking amused. "And that attitude will make your stay are that much more unpleasant. Let your hair down Beth. Get used a little. Have some fun, pop out some babies, it's not going to be so bad."

Justine turned to Edie. "Edie?" She asked sizing up the blonde. "That's a very old fashioned, innocent sounding name. You have to be excited." Edie turned pink and didn't look up. "Aw, you're shy. That's so cute. He's going to eat that up."

"We don't know anything. He didn't even chose us, the system did." Beth said loudly.

"True." Justine said, "He didn't want to choose at all." Justine noticed Edie's head and shoulders slouch some, but didn't comment. 

"You're all pepped up about being slutty with a stranger you don't know anything about. You need to take this more seriously." Beth scolded Justine.

"Take what more seriously?" Came a voice behind them. They all three turned around to see Rexford holding a bag.

"Nothing worth talking about." Justine said casually. She shot Beth a look and relished her annoyance. 

As Rexford stepped up to the bench, the transport pulled up to the stall. It was a blocky hover vehicle with a sliding door panel. The door hissed open and the three ladies stood and waited on Rexford. He gestured for them to go first and they did, Justine leading, and Edie at the back. Cyrus followed, setting his bag down and sitting in the plush seat. Once again, the three girls were opposite him. 

The ride was silent and awkward. Cyrus spent the whole trip trying to broach something easy to discuss but couldn't think of anything. To that end, he still wasn't sure how he'd ended up with three young women in tow. 

They arrived almost an hour later. The house they had been assigned was bigger than any of them thought. It had a rounded exterior and was walled in white stone with large windows facing the street. 

As they exited, ladies first, the driver turned around. "The girls should have some temporary clothing and stuff arrive around tomorrow; their stuff should arrive the following day."

"And the rest of mine?" Rexford asked.

"Couldn't tell you that." The driver said, turning back around, closing the sliding door and carting off down the street. 

"Oh ok." Cyrus said to no one. He turned around and discovered the ladies letting themselves in. He sighed heavily and walked up the walkway to the door. He set his bag down in the foyer. The three girls were staring at him. "I guess go find rooms? Y'all keep looking at me like I'm in charge." He said with a raised eyebrow. "Makes me nervous."

Edie and Beth exited, but Justine circled back around. "Maybe later you could come find my room." She said with a smile.

"Let's get dinner figured out first." He said, raising his other brow. Justine frowned and left. 

Dinner involved ordering grocery delivery from ExoCorp and cooking. It took nearly three hours for Cyrus to get it all set up- then he went hunting for girls. Room to room, telling each one that dinner was served. 

Eventually they all made it to the table and took seats. Justine sat next to Cyrus, and Beth and Edie sat across. Cyrus invited everyone to eat, and then started asking questions. 

"Edie I don't think you've said a word all day. Is everything ok?"

Edie nodded.

"Can you tell me something about yourself?" He looked around the room. "I know the intention of putting us together is procreation but I am old fashioned, I do like to know my partners."

Justine rolled her eyes. "Already taking all the fun out of it." She sipped water. 

"Well," Edie said quietly, "Like the guy told you, the police raided the complex I grew up on. The leader there had unilateral ownership of all the women, even me. He took who he wanted whenever. When a girl wasn't with him, they were tending to children, farming or cleaning."

Justine suddenly looked horrified.

"Well," Cyrus said looking across the table at her, "I won't ever make you do anything you don't want to." He looked at Beth. "How about you?"

"What do you want to know? My favorite position?" She said with an edge.

"That's the spirit." Justine added. Beth glared at her.

"Let's start with hobbies and interests." Cyrus said.

"When I was home, I liked making things with wood and clay." Beth said after a long pause.

He looked at Justine. "You're turn."

This time Beth rolled her eyes. Justine thought for a second. "I played sports with boys until I was thirteen and started developing lady parts. And I was the best player on all those teams."

The three girls looked at Cyrus. "Your turn now." Beth said.

"I spent eight years in the military, and I am at least ten years older than all of you. And that weirds me out."

"It weirds all of us out." Beth said.

"Speak for yourself." Justine popped off, reclining in her seat.

Beth looked back at Cyrus, "She's been wetter than her water glass since she got picked." Cyrus laughed for the first time, Beth cracked a smile too. They went a round or two more talking about themselves, except Edie who had little to say about much, and they broke to shower while Cyrus washed dishes. He was interrupted by Edie who had a towel wrapped around her, and her hair up.

"Hey, whats up?" He said drying his hands and hanging up the towel.

"I thought you should know something but didn't want to say it in front of the girls." She said quietly.

"What's that?" He asked.

"I am not quiet and shy because of some trauma I experienced where I came from."

"Okay," He said waiting for more.

"In truth, I was never touched, looked at, claimed, desired, nothing." She looked down. "I know that's a little sick, but when you grow up learning you exist for a single purpose and it never happens- it affects you, whether it should or not." She took the clip out of her hair and let it fall. "Before you came to Gravida, six other men, your age and older, came through that facility and none of them chose me either. I am here with you, because of a computer, not because you wanted me. I just want to ask, what about me makes me so undesirable, unattractive?" 

"That's ridiculous." Cyrus said with a frown. "There is nothing about you that is either of those things."

"No one picked me. No one ever has." She said moving her now loose, wet hair behind her ear. "I just want you to tell me why not."

"I didn't want to pick anyone. I didn't come here to become a polygamist. I am too old fashioned to be picking girls out of a line up." He said seriously.

To his shock, Edie pulled the towel away and let it fall. Her pale frame was exposed. Her perky, small breasts and hairless privates, were hidden only by her legs which one crossed over the other in a reflexive shy pose.

"Why doesn't anyone want me?" She said sadly. 

"You're totally misunderstanding the whole situation." Cyrus said, uncomfortable. 

She moved towards him, her long skinny legs moving her to Cyrus. "Is that so. Did you know, I've never been kissed, touched, had someone run fingers through my hair? Not once. But you say you want me, now that you didn't pick me." 

"I—I'm not sure how to answer that. The answer is yes, but, its more complicated-" 

She interrupted him. "Then prove it, prove you want me."

"How would I do that?" He asked, looking around for a way to escape.

She was right in front of him. "I am here, showered, and totally naked." She turned around. "How do you think?"

"Is this what you think I want from you?" He asked, trying to keep her from too much contact.

"No," She said softly. "But I hoped it would make it easier for me."

"Easier for you to what?" He asked, awkwardly putting hands on her shoulder.

"To pretend you wanted me." She said.

"We met just a few hours ago. Are you sure this is how you want it?"

"I'm not really sure I want it at all." She said. "But I'd like to know that you want it, from me." 

"Do you want to go upstairs then?" He asked. 

"No," She said. "You can convince me right here. If it's not now, it may never happen."

He pulled his hand from his side and put it against her leg, gauging her reaction. She trembled when she felt his touch. He slid it up keeping his fingers barely in contact paying close attention to how she responded. His hand made it to her lean thigh and slid up further until it met her folds suddenly. It was soft, hot to the touch and soaking wet. He let his finger slide back and forth in it and she panted audibly as he did. 

She was shaking forcibly now just as his finger tip broached her entry and started sliding up into the tight, virgin twat. She gasped a soft moan as his finger slid into her and out of her, feeling along her walls, letting the free-flowing wetness drip down his wrist.

She pressed her face into his jacket and moaned quietly, holding him tight as he fingered her as gently as possible. She clutched him violently, leaning against him and whispered raspily, "Its coming, its happening, I think I'm going to..." She squeaked loudly and shook moaning into his shirt. He could feel her climax as her walls pulsed and squeezed his finger. 

She shook for a few more seconds and finally pulled her face away, breathing quickly. 

"Is that what you wanted?" he asked. 

She nodded, and had suddenly turned bright pink. She hurried away grabbing her towel as she scurried out of the kitchen and up the stairs. 

"That was sweet of you." Came a voice behind him. He jumped and turned around. It was Justine. She was also wrapped in a towel. "Kind of rude of her not to reciprocate though." 

"How much of that did you see and hear?" He asked eagerly.

"Oh, I got all the fun details." She said coyly. "Don't worry, the cult-pervert's secrets are safe with me." She turned around to leave, then turned back. "You however, look so wound up you might burst." She smirked.
