 Everyone was seeking an opportunity to get off-planet before an asteroid destroyed all life on Earth, and the Zorteff controlled the colony ships. But if you were not a scientist going into space for training or someone selected for the colony ship, your only chance- if you were a woman- was to go with the Zorteff as one of their "servants." If a woman did that, she would live, but it would be as a sex slave on the Zorteff home planet. 

Maria Rosales was one of the few people on Earth who truly had a choice. She could leave as a scientist, or on Colony Ship Eight, or she, like the rest of the population of the planet, could watch the colony ship depart and pray that this was not the orbit of the asteroid which spelled the end of all humanity.

I really don't know if I started out to write a Science Fiction Story and got too erotic or was going to write an erotic story and got too SciFi. Sex wise, it is pretty tame compared to what I normally write for erotic stories. I debated deleting it, or doing a total re-write, but something about the story just feels right, so I am posting it as is.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

WARNING! This warning is probably not really needed for this particular story, but I am including it because it definitely applies to most of what I write.

All of my writing is intended for adults over the age of 18 ONLY. Stories may contain strong or even extreme sexual content. All people and events depicted are fictional and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Actions, situations, and responses are fictional ONLY and should not be attempted in real life.

If you are under the age or 18 or do not understand the difference between fantasy and reality or if you reside in any state, province, nation, or tribal territory that prohibits the reading of acts depicted in these stories, please stop reading immediately and move to somewhere that exists in the twenty-first century.

Archiving and reposting of this story is permitted, but only if acknowledgment of copyright and statement of limitation of use is included with the article. This story is copyright (c) 2015 by The Technician.

Individual readers may archive and/or print single copies of this story for personal, non-commercial use. Production of multiple copies of this story on paper, disk, or other fixed format is expressly forbidden.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

Maria could remember the very moment when the countdown clocks in every major city on Earth clicked past the one year mark and switched from displaying years and days to displaying days and hours. Every vidcast on every network in every country showed the silent crowds who gathered beneath the giant billboards in every major city as Earth began what could very well be its final year of existence.

The clocks had begun at 27 years, 231 days. They now read 87 days. The hours didn't matter- not yet. The day would come when the hours mattered, and then the minutes, and finally the seconds, but for now 87 days was sufficient information.

The massive asteroid, about one-fourth the size of Earth's moon, had first been spotted nearly two centuries ago as it wound its erratic path through the solar system. At first the doomsday prophets claimed that there was no way that it could miss the Earth. Then, for some unknown reason, its orbit shifted slightly and the new prediction became that it would pass barely 1.2 lunar distances from the Earth. That estimate proved optimistic. By the time the asteroid finally passed the Earth, it was only 0.73 lunar distances away- a very close miss in space terms.

It was feared that at that distance, the huge asteroid would be close enough to the Earth that tides would be disrupted by its gravitational pull. Especially in California and around the Pacific rim it was also feared that severe Earthquakes might be triggered by its passage. Surprisingly, neither occurred. There was some very slight disruption of the tides, but the gravitational effect was much, much less than expected and no major Earthquakes occurred.

What happened next, however, was truly Earth shaking. Shortly after the bright glow of what looked like an irregularly-shaped moon passed out of the night skies, the first Zorteff ship arrived.

When the odd-shaped craft descended slowly out of the sky and came to rest in Central Park in New York City, USA, that nation- and the world- was thrown into a panic. The massive space ship towered above the trees in a small clearing and could be seen easily from the steps of the American Museum of Natural History which was across Central Park West from the landing site. For that reason, New York police used the museum as their forward station. Their tactical teams soon surrounded the elongated sphere which seemed to be supported on three, massive, tubular legs. 

Nothing happened for four days as tensions- and military presence- grew. Then on the fifth day, a stairway lowered from the bottom of the ship and one of the Zorteff slowly descended. 

The Zorteff were bi-pedal beings whose body shape was vaguely humanoid, but whose skin surface texture and coloring were very reptilian. Their lizard-like heads and humanoid bodies were covered in a gray, scaly material that looked- and, as was later discovered, felt- very much like the skin of a snake. They did not wear clothing, but the patterns of color in their scales- especially on their abdomens- gave them the appearance of wearing very-tight fitting uniforms of some sort. No outward signs of genitalia were present.

The Zorteff who descended the ramp was carrying a large sign in one hand which said, "IN PEACE WE COME. COMMUNICATIONS WAVE UNDERSTAND NO. TALKER VOLUNTEER WE NEED. FEMALE HUMAN MUST BE."

The lizard person was wearing a boxy headset far back on its head and was holding a similar unit in his other hand. He... or she... or it... stopped at the base of the steps and held out the headset toward the wall of police, national guard, and army soldiers which now surrounded the ship.

One of the National Guard officers stepped forward, obviously speaking on a shoulder mounted radio to someone. After a short conversation, the officer lay down his weapon and began to remove his body armor. The last item removed was the helmet, at which point, it became apparent that the officer was not a he, but was, in fact, female. With the body armor removed, the loose-fitting uniform hinted slightly at her femininity, and with the helmet removed, her fine facial features and regulation woman's haircut confirmed her gender.

She stepped forward slowly and cautiously, pausing every few steps to see what action or reaction came from the reptilian creature. Any aggressive movement would have been met with significant firepower, but the large, gray lizard person stood passively immobile at the base of the ramp. Finally she was standing directly in front of him.

The headset in his hand was at her eye level. He moved his arm slightly, extending the headset toward her, and she took it from his hand. He then moved his arms to his own headset and lifted it off of his head and put it back in place. Surprisingly, it sat behind, rather than over, what appeared to be his ears. The officer did the same and placed the headset on her head with the cups or whatever they were, just behind her ears.

"I can hear him," she radioed, even though the lizard did not appear to be speaking or making any sort of sound. "He says that our language- our means of communication- is so different from theirs that they cannot program their translators. They need to make a direct mind connection to gather more data on our way of communicating by speech. I need to go with him inside the ship. He promises that I will be safe."

The lizard being turned and walked back up the ramp into the ship. The officer followed him. She did not return for three days. When she did, she was carrying several small, radio-like devices. A similar device was hanging around her neck.

"These are translators," she said. "They can be worn by a person, or connected to a radio system. The Zorteff wish to speak with the leaders of Earth. They have a very interesting proposal."

So began the events that would forever change life on Earth. 

The Zorteff explained that they had diverted the huge asteroid sufficiently so that it would not destroy Earth. But it was only a temporary reprieve. The doomsday rock would be back in approximately twenty-eight years. The Zorteff promised that they could return at that time and once again deflect the destroyer, but there would be a price. That price was three hundred women to serve as sex slaves on the Zorteff home planet.

They didn't use the term "sex slave," but what they described was effectively that. "We need," they said, "three hundred very special females who are willing to be absolutely subservient to our sexual needs. These women will eventually be bred by our best and strongest to provide offspring that can be used for our purposes." They did not specify what "our purposes" were.

The news media did use the term "sex slave," and the public outcry was tremendous... at first. Then the Zorteff explained that three hundred females from the billions of humans on Earth was a small price to pay for the safety of the planet. In return for this "payment," the Zorteff guaranteed that they would return with the next orbit of the asteroid and once again deflect the huge object that could end life on Earth.

For most, it seemed like an easy decision, but it took weeks and weeks of debate at the UN before the nations of Earth agreed to the terms. Those who were opposed were not truly concerned about the three hundred women. In fact, they agreed with the Zorteff. What were three hundred women-or men-compared to the existence of Earth itself?

What primarily concerned many of the world leaders was the loss of power represented by those women. This payment, regardless of what it was actually composed, was nothing less than a tribute paid to a superior power. It was the same as the handful of soil and cup of water that was often demanded by ancient Emperors. A tribute payment, no matter how insignificant, would effectively make the Earth a vassal of the Zorteff. A "Live Free or Die" movement began to gain popularity in several of the larger countries.

Finally one of the Zorteff leaders addressed the assembly and promised that in addition to the three hundred female slaves, they would take one hundred scientists and engineers with them in their ship. Those scientist would not be allowed to see the home planet or disembark there, but during the trip, they would be trained in the technology necessary to build and fly colony ships that would be able to take a portion of the Earth's population to new planets. In the meantime, the Zorteff would leave a contingent of their own people on planet to construct what they called, "Colony Ship One."

The deal was done. A world-wide draft selected three hundred women between the ages of eighteen and twenty for the Zorteff. Actually, by Zorteff direction, and using their criteria, closer to 300,000 were initially selected by the draft. Those women then filled out extensive medical and family history questionnaires and the Zorteff themselves selected the final three hundred... plus an additional three hundred "alternates."

The scientists and engineers were selected by Earth committees from criteria given them by the Zorteff. Two months later, the tribute women, the scientists, and the Zorteff- except for the construction crew which stayed behind, departed for the home planet.

The only objection to the whole process came when the Zorteff gave the final instructions for the departure of the female slaves. The engineers and scientists were to report directly to the ship a week before the departure. The three hundred women, however, were to gather in front of the Empire State Building to be escorted naked and in chains to Central Park.

"I don't think it is an accident," the mayor spit out, "that this is almost exactly the reverse of Macy's parade. These women will be on public display as trophies of the Zorteff."

His objection was duly noted... and ignored.

The one confusing aspect to the instructions was that three hundred alternates should be held in reserve that day in case any of the women of the first three hundred wanted to back out at the last minute. Various vidcast news discussion shows spent days speculating on what this mystifying mixture of tyranny and compassion might mean. Would these lizard overlords actually allow some of their tribute slaves to simply back out of the agreement.

The consensus was that having the alternates was just a ploy to create docile compliance of the tribute slaves. But when the day of departure finally came, and the time approached for the Zorteff to place the chains, almost a dozen of the women began screaming, "I can't do this. I can't do this."

As the hysterical women were led away to someplace on the sidelines, replacements were brought forward from the reserves. Then the three hundred, with the new replacements, were positioned properly in the streets in rows and columns. They stood silently together five columns across with sixty women in each column. All of the women stood with feet slightly spread and their hands on their heads as they had been instructed to do.

Four of the Zorteff with slightly different body coloring then walked among the ranks. They leaned over slightly in front of each of the women and flicked their reptilian tongues in the air. The tongue never touched the women, so it was assumed that they were tasting the air. Every so often, after tasting the air in front of a particular woman, the inspector would touch them on the shoulder and point back to the steps of the Empire State Building. As they walked away, he would gesture for one of the alternates to come and take her place.

After the four completed their inspections, long coffle chains were pulled from several large chests. There were collars approximately every four feet. Smaller chains went from each collar to the wrists. Once all of the women were collared and chained, the inspectors again walked through the ranks tasting the air. Surprisingly, seven of the women were replaced on this last inspection.

Then with a drum of some sort beating time, the Zorteff marched the three hundred naked women to their ship and departed.

Central Park was leveled and became the staging area for the construction of Colony Ship One. One of the first things which the Zorteff workers did was to erect a huge, four-sided display. It was the first countdown clock, and it, like the countdown clocks which followed it, began counting down the 27 years, 231 days until the killer asteroid returned.

Twenty-four years later, the ship was complete. It was shiny and massive and towered high above all but the tallest buildings of the city. Over the next three years, planet-wide lotteries were held to determine the 2000 colonists who would venture out into space. The Zorteff who had remained to build the ship assured the leaders of Earth that there were, indeed, inhabitable planets on which Earth's culture could be preserved should the asteroid eventually destroy the planet.

As the time for the Zorteff ship to return approached, the selection process for the three hundred female sex-slaves was repeated. Stories of the sexual depravities to which these women had been subjected had become commonplace on the comweb-and not only on erotic story sites. Various scientists wrote scholarly, but very titillating, articles about what might be occurring on the Zorteff home planet. The reality was, however, that no one knew what had happened to these naked women once they entered the Zorteff ship and blasted off into space.

Fear of what might become their fate caused many women to hide from the next world-wide process to select the pool from which the slaves would be selected. Surprisingly, though, the same stories motivated almost as many other women to volunteer to be part of the Tribute Three Hundred, as it was now called in the media. Some were obviously drawn to the idea of sexual slavery. Others, however, said only that it was something they had to do, almost as if something deep within them was compelling them to act.

Shortly after the Zorteff ship returned, one half of the Zorteff construction crew, 50 of the Earth scientists who had accompanied the Zorteff ship, and the 2000 colonists departed aboard Colony Ship One. The remaining 50 Earth scientists became part of the construction effort and future crew for Colony Ship Two.

One hundred new scientists were selected, and with the countdown clock at 14 days, the Zorteff prepared for departure. The process for determining the final three hundred sex slaves was the same, with one major exception. After the three hundred were gathered naked in front of the Empire State Building and the tasting of the air selection process was complete, several Zorteff with totally different patterns on their skin walked among the women inserting something into their sex.

The women stood, as ordered, with their hands on their heads and their feet slightly spread. After the Zorteff touched them, their eyes were even more wide with fear and anticipation. They had prepared themselves to be marched naked through the streets, but having what was effectively a very large dildo thrust into them in public was something new and unexpected.

After all women had had a device inserted, one of the commanders walked to the front of the columns of slaves. Staring intently at the terrified women, he raised his hand high into the air and then brought it back down. As his arm slowly lowered, the tribute women began to gasp and then pant and then shake and cry out as tremendous orgasms overwhelmed their bodies.

After the orgasms passed, the women stood trembling in their columns. Some had fallen to the ground and had to be helped up by the security people who were guarding them. Again the tasting lizards walked through the lines checking the air in front of each woman. Six times, one of them stopped and tapped a woman on the shoulder and pointed toward the steps of the Empire State Building. Once their replacements were in place, the other Zorteff returned and inserted the devices in the replacement's vaginas. After all six were crying out in passion, the testers tasted the air in front of each of them and then made some sort of signal to the large group of Zorteff who were holding the coffle chains.

Once everyone was collared, the march through the city began. When all three hundred were aboard, the Zorteff ship lifted off. Shortly after leaving Earth's orbit, on their way back to their home planet, they once again deflected the asteroid. When it passed through the night skies, still well within one lunar distance of Earth, all the countdown clocks returned to 27 years, 231 days.

The entire process, including the parade of slaves, was repeated when Colony Ship Two was completed, as it was for Colony Ship Three, Four, Five, Six, and Seven. The only difference was that in addition to whatever it was that the Zorteff inserted in the women's vaginas, beginning with Colony Ship Three, small devices were also pressed over their nipples. Those devices were activated first and the women were forced to stand for nearly two hours, brought to the edge of orgasm by the pulses which tingled through their bodies. All the while, the testers walked up and down the rows, tasting the air in front of the slaves. Occasionally they would tap a woman on the shoulder and tell her to leave, but more often, they would use what appeared to be a small can of spray paint to create a pattern on the slave's abdomen. The /O\ pattern looked almost like an eye, but the Zorteff did not explain its meaning. Once all three hundred bore the /O\, the coffle chains were brought out and the march to the ship began.
