 The little bell on the door jingled, as a petite teen girl with mouse-brown hair entered the little comic/game store. Frank, the young man behind the counter, blanched at the site of them. The other customers glanced up and almost did a double-take. Four other young guys sat at the back table, playing a card game, while a middle aged man was sifting through the long box of comics.

The guys at the table nervously went back to their game, while the other man casually went back to his comics.

The girl smiled sweetly at Frank, saying, "Hi! I don't suppose you kept up with my pull box, huh?"

Frank sighed. "I told you to get lost, Julia. Nobody wants you here. This is a guy-zone."

Julia smiled slightly at him. "Now, is that any way to treat a customer?"

Frank opened his mouth to retorted, but instead gasped as he felt a sudden jolt in his loins. Out of no where, his penis began to erect. He blinked and looked down at himself, then back up at Julia, who was already making her way to the display shelves to check the new releases of the comics. She tapped her chin in thought as she gazed over the titles, before pulling a couple issues of the Centurions and the Phantom Five, then seeing what else stood out to her.

She looked back over her shoulder, saying, "I should be making you fetch these for me. You were supposed to keep up with my pulls."

"You got kicked out!" said Frank. He squirmed behind the counter. His cock was steely hard now, painfully tenting his pants, but he didn't dare adjust himself in view of Julia. Instead he leaned forward and crouched slightly behind the counter, to try and hide the tenting.

Julia shrugged, then turned back to the books, and Frank took the moment to try and adjust himself, pushing his cock so that it throbbed against his stomach, held in place by the waistband of his jeans. However, instead of easing his discomfort, his cock seemed only to get more tense, becoming almost painfully hard. He was having a Hard Attack! Some woman was using Sex Magic to force an unnaturally tense erection on him!

Over by the card table, a couple of the guys shifted uncomfortably as well, obviously dealing with sudden erections of their own. The guy at the long boxes blushed and crouched down, ostensibly to check the lower shelf of boxes, but no doubt to hide his own sudden erection.

Julia turned back to Frank and stepped up to the counter. Frank let out a gasp as his erection intensified with every step closer she took. Frank's eyes bugged out as he put two-and-two together. It was her!

"You know, I still don't think that was fair, you kicking me out like that," she said. "Just because I kept mopping the floor with you nerds at Magic and YuGiOh." Over at the table, a couple of the card players grunted, and one dropped his cards with a gasp, gripping the edge of the table. "And okay, I know I used to butt into your dumb little comic book 'who would win' debates, but I just wanted to join in the fun."

Frank let out a small groan as he felt a building sensation of tingles flowing over his cock, and a horribly intense compulsion to start jerking off. His cock wanted to be touched. It had to be touched! He was going to go crazy if he didn't touch it! He held the edge of the counter in a death grip, refusing to give the girl the satisfaction of trying.

"J-j-julia! You're... you can't..."

"Hmmm? Oh, right. My Sex Magic. I just got it a couple weeks ago. Pretty cool, huh?"

"You're like a sophomore in High School!" Frank gasped. "How could you have it?!"

Julia laughed. "I'm a senior, idiot! And I got held back a year in grade school. I turned nineteen a couple months ago!"

Frank gawked at her, or tried to, even as his face scrunched into the grimace of need. His cock clenched in his pants as the tingles increased, tickling every nerve. He was so aroused, the slightest touch to his cock would probably make him blow his load! 

"I'll take it as a compliment on my youthful looks, I suppose," said Julia, setting her comics down on the counter.

One of the guys at the card table let out a whimper, and lost control of himself. Brazenly, he held the edge of the table and rhythmically pressed his crotch against the edge, humping it. The other three, unable to concentrate on the game anymore, just flushed crimson and looked away. Julia smiled sympathetically towards them.

"Poor nerds," she said, loud enough for them to hear. "You so rarely get a chance for relief, don't you? All the mean bitches in your lives think it's funny to keep you looked up, and mock you for being fat or too skinny for a guy or just dorky looking."

All four guys let out yelps as Julia extended her power to all of them. All four bucked in her seats as her magical thoughts caressed their delicate, needy manhoods. In just seconds, all four guys let out squeals and grunts as their cocks jerked under their clothes, and they came like fire hoses. Huge stains bloomed from the crotches of their shorts, and after several more seconds, the guys sagged back in their seats, trying to catch their breath.

"You owe me a game or three for that, boys!" said Julia with a laugh. The guys nodded, one of them giving her a thumbs up.

Julia than glanced at the middle aged guy still crouched near the bottom shelf of long boxes. He gave her a pleading look. "Please... I can't... my wife..."

Julia blinked, then put a hand to her mouth and her eyes widened a little. "Oh! Oh, of course, I'm sorry." She winked at him, and the man let out a sigh of relief as she pulled away her magic influence, letting his cock soften.

Instead she funneled all the magic towards Frank, invisible, irresistible energy beaming straight from her pussy into his cock. Frank out a girly whimper and fell to his knees as his cock became so tense, it began to vibrate in his pants. The tingles, the tension, the sheer need to be touched, all became so intense that his body couldn't take it anymore. Just from sheer arousal, he attempted to cum.

But Julia didn't let him. Just as her power flooded his nerves, she had pinched off the reflex that allowed him release, blocking his orgasm. Frank bucked and gasped, falling forward onto his hands and knees in the small space behind the counter, humping the air.

Julia leaned over the counter, and scanned in her purchases, then used the register herself, paying cash. Grabbing a bag, she slid her comics inside and gave Frank a bemused look. "I expect my pull box to be up to date next time I come by."

"You... can't... aaaah!" Frank cried out as the tension somehow, impossibly, increased! He collapsed fully onto the floor, grinding his cock against the ground.

"Look, I get it, you were just pissed a girl kept showing you up at your own geek hobbies," she said. "And I know I was a little obnoxious last time, but I'll cool it if you let me come back without an argument again, okay?"

Frank just groaned an attempt at a cuss word.

"What was that, little boy?"

Frank could barely form the words, between both the exertion of his humping, and the sheer tension taking his breath away. "F-f-fu-fuck—AAH!—F-fine! Okay!"

"Excellent," she said with a smile. All at once, she shut off the magic, leaving Frank to gasp and twitched, momentarily stunned from the sudden absence. She left the store, giving a small smile and a wave to the other customers.

Frank managed to get back onto his feet, taking several minutes to try and calm himself. His erection, although no longer painfully intense, stubbornly refused to quit. The guys at the card table were taking turns going into the bathroom to try and clean up at little. As the middle aged guy came up to the counter.

Frank scanned his purchases, red faced, and the man obligingly didn't look him in the eye. He did, however, break the awkward silence, saying, "So, ah, you really kicked her out? I wondered why she wasn't around the last few months."

"She was being a little bitch," muttered Frank. "Driving off customers."

"If you say so," said the man.

Frank's erection still throbbed. Had she made it permanent, or was he still just so turned on by how she'd just manhandled him with her mere thoughts? God, he'd been jacking off to thoughts of her for weeks! Did she know? She had to know! Bad enough she beat him at every card game and always made him look like an idiot at comic trivia, it just wasn't fair that a girl that fucking cute was so good at those things!

As the drawer of the register popped open for him to take the other man's cash, Frank noticed a paper note had been slipped on top of the twenties. He quickly finished the transaction, and as the man left the store, he read the note:

I've blocked your orgasm and given you a permanent stiffy. If you want to fix that, give me a call tonight. If you can beat me at a little trivia, I'll release both those conditions, and you can jack off to thoughts of me all you like. If not, well, there's all sorts of other games we can try. - Julia

Frank swallowed hard and his cock throbbed. He was going to have to brush up on his comic knowledge and fast.