 Rowan was beginning to feel nervous. This was new for her, as she was so used to being in control of all her feelings. What if no one showed up? What if she fell walking down the stairs? What if her bosom popped out of the extremely low cut dress? So much to worry about and she couldn't stop herself. 

"Mother, please go see if the guests have arrived. I don't hear much noise" pleaded Rowan. 

"Now darling, you know it is very nearly time for us all to go downstairs. There's no use in needlessly running about. You shall see soon enough." her mother replied. 

There was no point in arguing with her mother now. She had spent all morning pushing her mother to the brink with her procrastinations. Pushing her now would hardly help if she needed to persuade her in the case of any would be suitors. 

A knock at the door indicated it was time to make her grand entrance. Rowan could hardly breathe. Maybe she could feign illness and beg out of it? No, mother would never fall for it. Too much time and money had been spent on making this night special. She must go through with it. Rowan walked arm in arm with her mother to the first landing of the staircase. From here she must enter alone. 

Mother walked ahead to alert the orchestra while Rowan stood with her maids fussing about her hair and dress. 

"Stop ladies. If I am not beautiful enough already, there is nothing you can do in the next 30 seconds to fix it. Leave me be."

The maids fell back to give Rowan some breathing room. Not that her corset would allow for any deep breaths. Rowan tried to calm herself before hearing the music to indicate her entrance.

"Now or never" she thought as she started descending the stairs. She kept her chin up and her eyes on her destination. She feared that if she looked at the crowd, she would stumble and make a spectacle of herself.

*****

Tristan and Rhys had been walking about the room, hoping to procure some female companionship for the evening's festivities. Tristan set eyes upon several worthy ladies, but Rhys was not so happy with the selection. 

"Come on Rhys, surely at least one of these fine ladies would be suitable to dance with this evening. You don't need to plan for a future together, only for a few hours of fun." Tristan teased.

Rhys was not amused. "No, Tristan. I don't feel like playing a piece of meat tonight. All these women look at me as if they are starving dogs and I could be their next meal. Is it too much to ask that they compose themselves like the highborn women they are supposed to be?"

Tristan was taken aback. Rhys had always seemed to enjoy when a lady chose to make a meal of him. He certainly wouldn't turn a woman away if she wanted his meat. The thought got his mind stirring and all he wanted to do was find a willing lass and take a tumble. 

"If you say so, Rhys. I'm not turning my nose up at the goods being offered. If you change your mind, you know where to find me."

Rhys watched Tristan walk off with a familiar young lady, heading out towards to back gardens. "Same old Tristan," Rhys thought. Tristan seemed happy to rut and drink, then rut some more. Rhys was afraid that his friend's rakish behavior was going to catch up with him someday, but no amount of talking was going to change his mind. "Let him find out on his own," he decided.

At that moment, the music changed and all the room turned towards the staircase. From his vantage point across the room, Rhys could see a beautiful woman descending from above like an angel descending from heaven. What in the world was going on? This ball was supposed to be for his best friend's kid sister; a dirty, disheveled, mess of a girl that held a perpetual look of loathing in her eyes. This could not be her. This woman was all beauty and grace. 

Rhys had to get a better look at the woman coming down the stairs. Damn Tristan for leaving him like this. He needed to know who this woman was that was taking the place of his best friend's sister. Rhys did his best to casually walk across the room without drawing too much attention. He needn't have worried. All eyes were focused on the woman nearing the bottom of the stairs. As Rhys broke through the crowd, he saw Tristan's father, Gerald Barclay, approach the young lady and offer her his arm. 

What madness was this? Had the Barclays another daughter he did not know about? He had to get answers and the best way he could think of was the most direct. He followed Mr. Barclay over to the dais where the young lady would be standing to receive her guests. Rhys intended to be the first in line. The Marquess of Warren then called out to welcome everyone to the debut of his lovely daughter, Miss Rowan Barclay. 

A round of applause filled the room while Rhys stood speechless. Everyone seemed eager to make the acquaintance of the young debutante. Many had seen her before, but no one had ever seen her quite like this. Rhys managed to regain control of his senses enough to speak to Mr. Warren and remark upon the amazing transformation of the Marquess' youngest daughter.

"Here, here, my young Mr. Carlton. Surely you were capable of seeing beneath her wildness in youth to marvel at the young beauty she would become. You two were practically raised together, although she is a few years your junior." Rowan's father chided. Gerald was a shrewd businessman and understood quite well what it would mean for his daughter should his son's friend take an interest in her. 

Rowan was not so impressed. She had seen her brother and Rhys playing their little games among the ladies at court. Women shamelessly threw themselves at the pair of rakes, hoping to become the fortunate lady to win the heart of one of the wealthy men. Rowan would just as soon marry a butcher's son as to fancy that this man was interested in her. She turned towards the crowd to see what other eligible men had come to witness her debut and left her father to deal with the scoundrel. 

As Rowan looked about the room, she noticed many familiar faces. Her sister Lauren was standing with their mother and younger brother, Rodrick. 

Lauren's husband Gregor was seated at a nearby table with the children, Westley and Charlotte. Although the children were quite young, they were both very well behaved. 

At the table next to them, Rowan saw her good friend Anna. Anna's debut wouldn't happen for another 8 months. Oh, how she wished she could be sitting at the table with her friend, laughing and joking about the poor girl being haggled over. Instead, tonight she was that poor girl. Rowan managed to catch Anna's eye and the two shared a distant sigh. 

The room seemed to be full of notable men and women from across the country. Rowan was not sure if they were here of their own accord or because her father's title demanded it. She was sure that her father would start taking offers for her hand soon, considering the large dowry being offered. 

Conspicuously missing from the festivities was her brother Tristan. With Rhys here, Rowan was sure that her brother couldn't be far. She could only imagine what mischief he was getting himself into.

******

Tristan and his companion crept quietly towards the back of the garden. Tucked behind a row of shrubbery was a sitting area perfect for private encounters. Tristan pulled his lady around the corner and swept her up into his arms. Mary was a repeat guest to the garden area and knew well what to expect next. 

Tristan had his left hand on the small of her back, pulling her tightly against him, and the right at the nape of her neck. Without a word, he moved in for a kiss.

Mary knew she shouldn't be back in the garden with Tristan yet again. She could almost hear her mother scolding "Why would a man marry a woman who allows him to sample her wares for free?" There was no way mother could understand what it was like to be kissed by Tristan Barclay. As soon as he put his hand to her neck, she knew could not deny him. 

As he leaned in, Mary parted her lips in anticipation. He had the most beautiful lips she had ever seen on a man. Thick and full, they had a natural pink tone and she knew they would taste as sweet as strawberries. As their lips met, Mary's heart swooned. He kissed her deeply, taking no time in showing how much he wanted her. He gently started sucking on her bottom lip. His hand slid around from her neck to caress her face. Mary closed her eyes as Tristan kissed her more passionately, sliding his tongue into her mouth to dance with hers. 

Oh, how this man knew her. As he continued to kiss her, he brought his other hand up to cup her face. As he pulled away, Mary opened her eyes to see him staring down at her. He took his thumb and rubbed it across her lips and down her chin. Gently, he kissed her again then pulled away.

"I've missed you, Mary." Tristan said softly.

"I've missed you, too." Mary replied.

"I was hoping to see you tonight. I made sure your name was on the guest list."

Mary's heart swelled. "That was very kind of you, my lord." 

Mary had been eagerly awaiting an invitation from the moment she heard the rumors that Tristan's sister was coming of age. She hoped it meant she was in Tristan's favor. He never made promises, but he did seem to spend a lot of time and energy seeking her company. 

Tristan's lips turned up in a sheepish grin as he said "Let's see if we can find a way for you to repay my kindness."

His mouth crushed upon hers once again. His hand slid down the bodice of her gown to cup her breast and give it a light squeeze. Mary sighed as she leaned into him, encouraging him to continue. His hot breath traced down the length of her neck as he trailed kisses to the top of her exposed breasts. He had a hell of a time seeking her nipples with them trussed up in this contraption of a dress. Damn these tight corsets! He longed to have her in a private room with unlimited time. For now he would have to settle for less access and what satisfaction he could get. He would make it up to her at a later date.

"Mary, darling, we seem to have a conundrum." Tristan whispered in her ear.

"What is wrong, dearest?"

"Your clothing allows me no access to your beautiful body, and I fear we cannot take the time or the chance of undressing you and redressing you for the ball." Tristan replied.

"What would you have me do, my love?"

"May I beg the service of your luscious mouth, darling? I shall make it up to you as soon as time allows."

Mary took Tristan's hand and pulled him towards the bench. She turned to sit in the chair and proceeded to unfasten Tristan's breeches. She felt so daring as to allow him such a release right outside his sister's ball. Anyone could walk out and catch them in the act. The risk added to the thrill. Once his breeches were open, she gently released his manhood from his small clothes. 

Tristan's cock was magnificent. He was already standing tall, at nearly 8 inches in length. Mary had never seen any other man naked, but she couldn't imagine anyone to compare to her Tristan. The length was not even the most impressive part, for when fully erect, Mary had trouble wrapping her fingers all the way around his thick shaft. Mary had yet to allow Tristan to take her maidenhead, but she knew he would be the one. They had done almost everything but that, and she couldn't wait to feel his glorious cock buried deep within her womb. 

Mary leaned in to lick along the length of this shaft. She ran her tongue all the way from the base to just below the bulbous head. She snaked around to the other side and licked all the way back to the base. She lifted it up and closed her lips around the underside of the shaft, gently suckling as she came back down the length. She could tell how excited Tristan was becoming by the way he was gripping the back of her head with both hands. Finally she grasped the shaft with a firm grip and opening her mouth wide, took the end into her mouth. She was careful not to touch her lips to it until it was fully in her mouth, then closed her lips around it and ran her tongue all around the head. 

Tristan was in heaven. In the few short weeks they had been intimate, Mary had learned a great deal in how to please him. She started to pump her hand gently up and down as she sucked on the head, twirling her tongue around it. After a few seconds, she opened her mouth and allowed some saliva to run down the sides of the shaft to lubricate the sliding motion of her hand. Tristan moaned and pulled her head back towards his cock, encouraging her to continue. 

Mary increased the pressure of her sucking while also increasing the speed of her pumping hand. With her free hand, she gently cupped his scrotum, massaging his balls in her palm. Her head was quickly bobbing up and down. Tristan felt a tingling at the base of his cock; he knew he wouldn't hold out much longer. He knew he had better let her know before it was too late.

'Mary, I'm going to cum!"

Always before, he would warn her and Mary would finish him off by hand. Tonight she wasn't stopping. He repeated his warning. 

"Mary, I'm about to cum right now!"

Still she continued. Tristan couldn't hold it any longer. He let out a primal groan as his seed spilled into her mouth. Mary tried valiantly to swallow his entire load, but his cock was so large and there was so much of it. A small amount spilled from the corners of her mouth and down her bottom lip to her chin. A large drop of it fell to the top of her bosom. Mary pulled back and wiped her lips with the back of her hand. 

Tristan caressed her cheek lovingly before putting his manhood back into his breeches. He looked to her bosom and saw the mess, so he offered her his handkerchief. Once Mary had cleaned herself off, he took her hands and pulled her up into an embrace. He crushed her lips with his in a deep kiss. This woman drove him wild. 

He knew that she loved him. He cared deeply for her as well. He could see himself married to her someday. But not today. For now, he still enjoyed the life of a carefree bachelor. Maybe someday, but until then he would enjoy all the bountiful wares she cared to bestow upon him. 

****

Rowan had greeted many of her guests. There were still a few in the receiving line, but most had made it through and had found tables throughout the ballroom. Many of the men in attendance had spoken to her kindly, but none of them really caught her eye. Some had asked her questions, which she answered politely but without encouraging conversation. She truly wanted to just get through this part of the night so she could be free to pursue a man of her desire. The most frustrating of the night was that damn rogue Rhys. He had the audacity of asking for the first dance! With her father standing there, she knew she could not refuse him, so she agreed. Now he was standing back at the end of the receiving line to make sure he could claim her before anyone else got the chance.

For once, Rowan was wishing that her brother would show up. If Tristan came back, maybe he could convince Rhys to leave the party in search of some loose women willing to entertain them for the evening. Where was that insolent brother of hers?!

Speak of the devil, Rowan thought, as her brother came through the garden entrance at the far side of the room. And who was that trailing behind him but Mary Stewart, the merchant's daughter. Mary was not of noble birth, but her father had made a fortune in the textile trade. Tristan had been calling upon her frequently. With her father's money, Mary could have looked forward to a comfortable life as a noble's wife had she been more cautious of her behavior. On more than one occasion she had been in Tristan's company without a chaperone. Surely her reputation had been ruined but good. She couldn't see Tristan offering for her hand, so she assumed poor Mary would be left with few options, even with her father's money.

Too quickly the end of the line came and Rhys approached her to claim his dance. He offered her his arm as he asked "Shall we?"

Rowan rolled her eyes and let out a defeated sigh as she took his arm and let him lead her to the dance floor. All eyes were upon them as they waited for the music to start. Rowan was the envy of every single woman in the room with Rhys holding her in a formal stance. Never before had Rhys Carlton requested the first dance at any debutante ball. Rowan could barely maintain eye contact. What did he want? She knew what kind of reputation he had. Rowan had no plans of becoming his plaything. She couldn't figure out what game he was playing.

****

Rhys had no idea what he was doing. This was his best friend's sister! What was he thinking?! Tristan would kill him if he thought Rhys was making a play for Rowan. Was he? He hadn't been thinking straight since he saw her walk down the staircase. He didn't even think about it, he just knew he had to talk to her, get closer to her and find out what happened to the young girl that used to annoy him by following him and Tristan wherever they went. In her place was a beautiful woman he had never truly looked at before. 

Maybe he could convince Tristan that he was only dancing with her to be polite, as a favor to the family for being so kind to him over the years. He could even tell him it was to help draw attention to her and open up more possibilities for offers. If other men saw that he might be interested, they might take more notice of her... But did he want them to notice her? 

All these thoughts were flying through his mind as he stood with Rowan waiting on the music to start. The first dance would be a waltz, since they were the only dancers on the floor. Other dancers would join them a few moments after the music started. It was precisely why he asked for the first dance. It would guarantee him at least 15 minutes alone with her. Although, now that he had her alone, he had absolutely no idea what to say to her. She barely looked at him and seemed upset. He had to think of something fast.

"Are you enjoying your party?" he asked quickly.

"It's hard to say, as it's only just begun." She replied curtly.

"You look exceptionally beautiful tonight. I didn't recognize you at first." 

"Is that why you asked me to dance? You thought I was someone else?!" Rowan asked. She felt humiliated; he didn't even know who he had been staring at, as if he hadn't known her for the last 15 years!

"No, no, that's not it at all. I meant that you looked different than normal. Clean and polished, like a true lady." Rhys explained.

"So you are saying you don't like the way I normally look? You only noticed me because I look different? If I had looked like I normally do, I suppose I wouldn't be suffering through these attentions of yours?!" Rowan was really worked up now.

Rhys knew he had to diffuse this situation, and fast. How had things gone so downhill in such a short amount of time?

"Rowan, please, I didn't mean it like that at all. I have known you for more than 15 years, and in all this time you were only Tristan's little sister. Tonight I took notice in how exceptionally beautiful you have grown and thought only to pay you a compliment. I have no ill intentions towards you, as I would wish no insult towards your family. Please, allow me to dance with you and when it is through, if you choose never to speak to me again, I will understand."

Rowan was truly surprised. Maybe he had no ulterior motives. She decided to forget the quarrel and use this time to just enjoy her ball. At least her first dance would be with someone familiar to her. 

The music started and Rhys took the lead. Rowan marveled at what a wonderful dancer he was. She did her best to follow his steps, and he had her twirling all about the dance floor. Rhys noticed that she was struggling, so he decided to help.

"Look at me." He said. 

Rowan was looking everywhere trying to get her bearing. She locked eyes with him.
