 Soulbinder Nyamii descended the front steps of Auchindoun with a warm smile and even warmer open arms. "Commander Pinter," the Draenei priestess said as she took Pinter's hands and kissed her cheeks. "So wonderful to see you." 

"Of course I would come, Nyamii," Pinter said. "Anything the Exarchs need." 

Balthus, Voren, and Fitzlenoob stood behind Pinter on the steps. It was their first excursion as a true five-person group, and Pinter was eager to see how well they worked together since the debacle that was Highmaul. The newcomers had more than proven themselves completing a dozen hazardous mission throughout Draenor since joining Pinter's garrison. Today would be the real test. 

Mandala stood next to Pinter. She didn't like this. She hadn't liked it since the small, skittish messenger arrived at the Talbuk yesterday with news that Nyamii had uncovered the traitor within the ranks of the Exarchs. She took Pinter aside when the messenger retired to his room and told Pinter as much. "Remember Corneas," Mandala said. "Not all who claim to be allies are what they seem." 

Pinter had agreed. "But still," she said, "if it's a trap we'll be ready. And at least we'll find out who's the rat within the Exarchs." 

And that was that. Jarvus and Anna were investigating reports of a defeat in Spires of Arak, so the mission fell to the other newcomers. Now they greeted Soulbinder Nyamii on the steps of Auchindoun, ready to face whatever she had discovered and bring this evildoer to justice. 

Nyamii let go of Pinter's hands and smiled at Mandala. "The lovely Mandala," Nyamii said. "Truly you are the equal of Yrel." 

"Thank you," Mandala said. 

Nyamii recoiled a little at the terse reply, but she motioned for them to follow. Mandala never left Pinter's side as Nyamii led the way. They climbed the steps of the ancient temple of the Naruu, and they entered the cavernous, holy sanctums of Auchindoun. 

The atrium opened up as if lifting all who entered into the heavens themselves. The walls rose high overhead, arching into points high above, and white sheets of light glowed through the domes, penetrating as far down as the floor and illuminating the room as if a hundred fires burned. Pinter couldn't help but marvel at the amazing architecture, at the exotic yet perfect civilization the Draenei had built. They were beings of light, and all who entered this place knew what it meant to feel the light's embrace. Even Mandala couldn't take her eyes off the arch high above, gazing at it with a glorious sublimity that made Pinter laugh. Mandala grinned, and they continued after Nyamii. 

A group of three acolytes emerged from a doorway. Nyamii nodded at them, and they bowed before they walked on. Nyamii stopped and gathered the five adventurers to her. "There are too many ears out here," she said. "Best discuss this behind closed doors." 

Nyamii led them deeper in the temple, turning up a ringed corridor, not saying much as they walked. A few Draenei defenders lined the walls, and a few more acolytes passed them with expressionless greetings. Pinter wondered if emotions were forbidden in Auchindoun, but when she glanced at Mandala she noticed the paladin's hand gripping her sword hilt. A knot formed in Pinter's stomach. It was probably nothing, she knew, but even one word from the Draenei they passed would put her mind at ease. She remembered what she had said. If it was a trap, at least they'd know who the traitor was. Pinter drew her large bow and moved an inch closer to Mandala. 

"Straight through here," Nyamii said, pointing to the door at the end of the corridor. "The Western Transept. The acolytes are conducting a ritual, but when they finish we will have the room to ourselves." 

"Should we wait?" Pinter asked. "I don't want to disrespect anyone." 

"It will be fine," Nyamii said. "They won't even notice us." 

They walked through the open doorway where a large platform raised above the floor. Two groups of Draenei acolytes held up their hands and created glowing balls of light in the air, uttering some sort of prayer in Draenic that Pinter couldn't translate. Mandala could, and she knelt out of respect for the service the acolytes performed. 

"Alar il, Naruu," Mandala whispered as she bowed her head. "Kar il ruk belaros." 

Pinter put her hand on Mandala's heavy spaulder, seeming to understand what her friend had just uttered, letting her know that she was there and they would fight as one when the time came. 

"What is this?" Nyamii cried out in shock. 

The acolytes were glowing red. The light they created had gone the color of blood, and the room suddenly went dark as night. "With Ner'zhul's blessing," one of the acolytes said. "We call upon the Legion to destroy these pests!" 

"Fan out!" Pinter yelled, but the others were already taking positions. Mandala's sword and shield were in hand, and a six-armed demoness rushed ahead to join her as Fitzlenoob called out a summoning spell. 

"Light save us," Nyamii said. 

Pinter grabbed the Soulbinder and pushed her behind them. "We'll handle it," Pinter said. 

The balls of light took on humanoid shapes, and then two towering beasts with horned heads and stumpy limbs stood among the acolytes. The acolytes turned in unison to the five adventurers and pointed. The beasts attacked with a blood-curdling roar. 

Mandala was undaunted, as always. She roared back as a bubble of light appeared around her, and she knocked the first beast back with a single ram of her shield into its snout. The beast skidded across the platform, knocking down a group of acolytes like bowling pins. Purple fire rained on the prone beast as Fitzlenoob worked his magic. The monster's skin crackled and popped, and then Voren launched a huge fireball that struck and exploded. The beast flew apart, and the acolytes could only watch as Mandala joined the six-armed demoness fighting the other beast. 

Pinter moved in with a barrage of arrows to keep the acolytes at bay, striking down three of them before they could run for cover behind one of the pillars on the opposite side of the platform. Mandala ran in a circle around the second beast, keeping its attention, distracting it from the six-armed demoness who then laid into it with a flurry of sword blades. The beast howled in pain from a dozen cuts. Black ichor flowed from its hide, then another fireball flew forth, hitting it square in the forehead. All that was left of the creature was a pair of smoldering horns. 

"Come and fight us, cowards!" Pinter called out to the hiding acolytes. She stood in the open with her foot planted on the belly of one of their fallen comrades, and she pulled loose her arrow from the dead Draenei's neck. 

There was a moments' hesitation. Then the acolytes emerged with glowing red hands, combining their strength in a desperate act to summon another hell beast. 

Purple flame rained on them. Two of the acolytes rolled on the floor trying to smother themselves. Mandala threw her shield, and it ricocheted around them, knocking them to their knees in a dizzy haze. Voren spread a sheet of ice beneath their feet, and the six-armed demoness made short work of the stricken acolytes. 

"I didn't even have to heal anyone," Balthus said. 

The room brightened once again. Pinter looked with satisfaction at what the group had done in their first fight. They would be hard to beat when they found who was responsible for this. 

"Tell us what you know," Pinter said as she turned back to Nyamii. 

"More than you can imagine," Nyamii said. 

"Holy shit!" Fitzlenoob yelled, running away from the Soulbinder who had suddenly grown twenty feet tall. 

Nyamii was shrouded in shadow. Her eyes glowed bright yellow as she stared right at Pinter. Her hands swirled in front of her, conjuring some arcane spell that she was moments away from casting. "I knew you would make quick work of these peons," Nyamii said. "Now I can take what I want." 

"No!" Mandala shouted, but Nyamii unleashed her spell. 

A blast of light washed over Pinter. She went rigid and shook as her body went numb. The light released. Pinter collapsed in a motionless heap. And the world went black. 

* * * 

It was cold. And dark. Sheer stone bit her shins, and Pinter slowly came to. She was kneeling. And she was naked. Her entire body was exposed to the air, and she suppressed a shiver. Pinter tried to move, but her arms were raised above her head, her wrists shackled to either side. She was kneeling in the open, restrained, and naked. 

Pinter strained her ears to listen, to get some sense of her surroundings as her eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness. The chains on her arms rattled as she struggled to free herself, and her elbows ached from the prolonged suspension. She had been here for a while. She had no idea how long. The last thing Pinter remembered was Soulbinder Nyamii standing twenty feet tall with yellow eyes and knocking her senseless with some strange spell. She wondered if the others were all right. She had to find them. 

The cold air hit her with an unwanted caress, and her skin puckered in goose pimples, but there was a sensation she'd never felt before between her legs. Pinter cried out in surprise as something bulky contracted in her crotch, and a dull pain pierced her. Pinter looked down, trying to see in the darkness. She made out a shade, a shape, something between her legs. If only she could reach she could find out what it was and remove it. 

Sixteen torches on the walls suddenly ignited, and she had a look. Pinter was so stunned she couldn't even gasp in shock. 

A huge cock dangled between Pinter's legs. She leaned forward as far as she could to get a better look, and her eyes bugged in growing disbelief at what had somehow grown from her own body. It was easily twelve inches flaccid like a pendulum. The pain she had felt was the two enormous testicles that dangled in a scrotum like a sack of tangerines. Even as they contracted in the cold they were still there, large and slick. A network of veins ran along the fleshy organ, and she could feel the pulse of her heartbeat as blood coursed through as if proving to her beyond a doubt that it was indeed real. This cock was a part of her. She wanted to feel if everything else was still there, but the chains kept her arms in place above her head. Pinter struggled. It was no use. 

"No use trying for the impossible," a calm male voice said. 

Pinter froze. Hoofbeats approached her from behind. It wasn't Balthus. It was someone else. Someone not of this world, she realized, as a shiver ran down her spine. 

"You are here," the voice said. "And you're alive." 

"What have you done to me?" Pinter asked. "What's the meaning of this?" 

"An experiment from our Soulbinder," the voice said, now inches away. A shadow crouched behind her and she tensed. Two strong hands took her waist, not forceful but gentle. Gray humanoid fingers that ended in pointed nails ran up and down her sides, and as much as she wanted to fight, Pinter found herself unable to resist. The motion of those hands soothed her racing heart and sent a flutter through her belly. "I think it's already working." 

"What do you want?" Pinter asked, her voice barely a whisper now, but she knew exactly what this thing wanted. The hands caressed up and down her waist, over the notches of her ribcage. They reached just below her breasts, and Pinter gasped. 

A touch like that from Mandala would have moistened her in an instant, but something else happened. Pinter's belly fluttered again, and the sensation moved down her abdomen, over her womb, into her crotch. And she twitched. The dangling cock moved, and pressure built inside the organ. The creature squeezed Pinter's breasts, eliciting a moan from the bound hunter that was half in ecstasy as those gray fingers played with her nipples, half in amazement as the enormous cock now grew. It rose in the air, and it went erect. 

Pinter was massive. She had never taken a man this size, and it kept growing. Pinter breathed deeply as the cock expanded and rose to a forty-five degree angle with a powerful curve near its base. The head was so close to her she could put it in her mouth if she bent over. Pinter tried to bend over as the thought suddenly seemed all too perfect, but she was firmly restrained. Pinter whimpered. 

"Patience, mortal," the creature behind her said. "You will have your way. But first, I will have mine." 

"What are you..." Pinter began, and then she gasped again as something pressed against her ass. 

It was him. She expected something rough and painful thrust inside her, but to her amazement the creature was already lubricated. Something he generated on his own, she gathered, and then her thoughts vanished as the creature pushed his own erection into her anus. 

Pinter felt it slide in deep. She winced at the pressure, but her own cock flared. The creature planted every inch of himself in Pinter's ass. He held her just below her breasts, and she felt his warm breath on the back of her neck. "Let's begin," he said. 

He pulled back. Pinter moaned loudly as her rectum closed on the void he created, and she lurched forward as he thrust into her again. He did it again. And again. It would have been painful with anyone else, but the natural lubricant on the creature's cock gave him slick entry. He didn't fuck her vigorously or violently. He just fucked her, and Pinter became aware of new points inside her body that the creature's erection found. Her anatomy had changed, she knew now, and this thing found the right pressure points, fucking her so it was just as much give as it was take. 

Pinter closed her eyes and breathed to the ceiling, going wild with the fuck. Then she opened them again and looked down. 

Her erection had grown. It was fatter, and it was dark red with so much blood filling it up. Pinter laughed as the creature rammed into her again and again, then her cock started to burn. It was wonderful, so hot, and she just wanted to grab it. She wanted to rub it, to masturbate herself and come all over herself. The creature sensed her renewed arousal and fucked her harder. 

Pinter's cock stretched, and her laughs turned into desperate cries. Her cock stretched to the point of almost breaking, like it was going to rip apart on the sides. The head grew fat and shiny. And it hurt. It hurt like nothing else. Pinter didn't want it to stop, but she knew she was close now. Just another few thrusts by that creature and she would come. Her cries were not from agony but from pleading, begging for this not to end but wanting it to so she could experience the alien peak of ejaculation. Her urethra dilated the size of a copper coin. Gooey, transparent pre-cum filled her now, leaking and dripping onto the floor. The creature was close, too. His breaths had turned to snorts as he fucked her ass, as he drove himself deeper, hitting Pinter's prostate and pushing her to the apex. Pinter wailed and felt tears leak from her eyes in a steady stream. This was so incredible. Just one more thrust. 

The creature wobbled and grunted. 

A rush of hot cum filled Pinter deep inside her ass. 

And she came. 

Pinter cried out long, her eyes trying to press tight, but she kept them open to witness the uncanny spew that came out. The muscles in Pinter's crotch worked. An audile splurt, and pure white semen shot in a long roping arc far across the room. Pinter groaned through the rush of her orgasm as more semen poured out of her cock, a steady, pulsating stream as her muscles worked to ejaculate. A puddle formed between her knees, what looked like a quart of semen that had come from somewhere inside her. Pinter's testicles ached from the effort, but just the thought that she had produced this sent her to a new peak of arousal. She wanted it again. She needed it again. She would have it again. 

The creature pulled out. Pinter's sphincter reacted involuntarily, and a pulse of cum oozed out of her anus, and she realized she was defecating. She didn't care. All she wanted was that amazing cock in her mouth. The creature caressed the back of Pinter's neck beneath her hair. And he leaned close. "I'll let you go now." 

Pinter's wrists were free. She planted her hands on the floor and crouched on all fours, stunned at her sudden freedom. "I'm free?" Pinter said as she caught her breath. 

"Of course," the creature said. "If you wish to leave. I don't think you will, though." 

She turned around. 

The creature was gone. 

Pinter looked ahead to a large double door at the far end of the room. She could find her gear. Find her bow. She could find the others and they could fight their way out of this place. She needed to find them. 

Her cock still ached. Pinter looked at it as she crouched, her head lowered, her hair curtaining her face. It waved there between her legs hard and strong. And it was so close to her. 

Pinter stroked the base of the erection, and she exhaled through gritted teeth as the sheer texture ran easily through her hand. Pinter sped up, feeling herself stretch once again in her hand, watching the head go shiny as her cock turned dark red. 

Pinter stroked herself quickly. She rose up on her knees to give her erection enough room to grow again, and she marveled at how big she was. A large drop of cum still stuck to the tip of her penis from her previous orgasm. Pinter sat down on her haunches, staring at her cock, wondering if she should do it. She wondered what she tasted like. Her cock was impossibly big, and all she had to do was lean over. Finally she did. She opened her mouth, stuck out her tongue. 

Pinter closed her lips around the head of her own cock, feeling the salty sweetness of her semen wash over her palate. She worked her tongue and swallowed the little bit, and she wanted more. Pinter lowered her head, taking more of herself into her mouth, and she raised with a long suck. Pinter stroked herself, and she rose up and down, up and down, sucking herself, moaning loudly as the pressure built once again. She understood now what the creature had meant. She was free to leave if she wanted to. But she didn't want to. Not when this cock of hers was so wonderful and inviting. 

Pinter's head swam as she sucked herself. She moaned as her testicles ached again, as her cock welled in her cheeks. She stroked herself more forcefully, remembering every blow job she had given, repeating the motions now but on herself. The familiar expansion happened as her cock grew fat on her tongue, and she furrowed her brow tight as she anticipated it, as she worked through her rising pleasure. Her breaths sped up. She panted loudly as she stroked and sucked herself. She slouched low as she surrendered, and she popped. 

Pinter opened her mouth as white hot cum flew all over her face. She kept stroking, and another shot hit her on the chin. She put her mouth back on the head and sucked, swallowing every drop that oozed out, lapping up the fluids that her body produced and trickled all over the rubbery, veiny shaft. She curled into a tight ball, and she fell on her side. And she kept sucking herself. 

She writhed on the ground, stroking and sucking, a prisoner to her own body. Pinter couldn't stop. This was something wholly new, and she had no control. She burst three more times, each time with an impossible new wave of cum that added to the glaze all over her face and neck, filling up her stomach as she swallowed the afterglow. Pinter had no idea how she could keep producing this much semen, but every time she ejaculated it was like she hadn't in weeks. She was a slave to herself, her body her restraint. She would never leave this room. She never wanted to. Not when she was like this. 

"Pinter," a voice whispered. 

She barely heard it, and it escaped her as she sucked herself to another orgasm. She swallowed the whole thing with the fat head of her glorious cock stuffed between her lips, the hot runny semen sliding down the back of her tongue and coursing down her throat. She swallowed it up greedily, and when she came up for air she licked away a tendril of semen between her bottom lip and the opening of her urethra. 
