 For the first time since I had been chosen by the twice-sexed god, he/she was not the center of my universe. 

Instead, it was pain. Waves of pain that caused my vision to shimmer and narrow to tiny field of vision. 

A face bent down close to mine, and with all my will I focused my vision. A young man, beardless and handsome. 

"You all right, lady?" He asked.

I tried to say something, but all that came out was inarticulate babble.

He removed my half-helm, and gently lowered my head back to the ground. I blinked, and was suddenly able to think again despite the pain, and I sent out a quick prayer of thanks to Eos for that much.

Then the mantra of my order came to me: How do we pray? We fuck. How do we heal? We fuck. How do we honor Eos? We fuck.

I was hurt bad, I knew- blood streamed from sword and axe blows that had rent my armor at the shoulder and in two places in the back. One of those had pierced something inside me: I needed sexual energy immediately or I would die soon, and fail in my holy mission.

"Fuck me," I said. "I need- I need you to fuck me." I said hoarsely. I could see that my words shocked him, and he started to pull away. 

I raised a weak hand to catch his. "My goddess...will heal me." I gasped. "But she can only help me.... while I am... fucking." An over-simplification, to be sure- but there was no time to explain the mysteries of the god/goddess now. 

His brow furrowed. "So....you want me to..." I saw his eyes glance at my steel armor, an impenetrable barrier.

There wasn't time for subtleties. I lifted my arm as high as I could, trembling with the effort. "Cut the straps off and start pulling it open, Keep cutting every strap you see." 

Once he decided he was willing to help, he was quick and efficient, and in just a few moments he was peeling my breast plate away, leaving it attached only by the straps along the left side. 

The armor had its padding built in, so the only thing covering my torso now was my tunic. And with the very last of my strength, I reached up and grabbed his wrist and brought his hand down to cover my tit.

He hesitated a minute then began to gently knead at the flesh. Almost instantly, I felt the flow of power begin. To my surprise, I saw his eyes widen: he felt it as soon as I did. In my previous experience, no layman had ever been aware of the beneficence of Eos unless we specifically allowed it. But there was no time to ponder such things now: I needed to focus on channeling the energy towards healing.

Already the sexual energy was building, beginning to reverse the drain on my body and soul, beginning to revive me. 

He started to use both hands now, and more firmly, and I sighed with pleasure and relief as the pain began to subside, but only marginally. And there was so much damage... He reached up to the neck of my tunic and simply ripped the sturdy, sweat-soaked cloth apart- a feat of no mean strength in itself. The air on my bare flesh felt cool and refreshing, and he dipped his head down and took my left nipple between his lips. 

He kept sucking and nibbling as his hands fumbled at the armor covering my lower body. Before long I felt the brush of cool mountain air against my lower sex, and one of his hands trailed gently from my breast down to my cunt. 

He dallied only briefly at my clit, his big, thick finger probing instead at the length of my pussy lips. He was surprisingly gentle as he dipped a fingertip inside and began softly penetrating me. 

Then he quickly shifted himself down to his hands and knees between my legs. He began to lap and lave at my cunt energetically, and I opened my legs as wide as I could to accommodate him. I lifted my head to look down, and was immediately stuck by the imagery of my arms and legs still incased in steel armor while the long, wild blonde hair of my savior writhed as he worked feverishly at my pussy. 

He was fumbling at his own clothes now, and as I watched he finished fumbling with a wide leather belt and tossed it aside, and then yanked down his studded leather kilt. I gasped as I got a glimpse of his turgid member, which was as prodigious as the rest of him. 

Then its tip was poised at the mouth of my cunt, and I trembled as it pushed inside my wetness, oh so softly. I moaned aloud as he inched it slowly into me: this was what I truly needed. I could feel every cell in my body tingling as the power of Eos flowed through me, healing, replacing, reinvigorating. 

As the blonde giant began to fuck me with a slow, steady pace, I knew for the first time that I was definitely going to survive, and I felt a rush of emotion that translated itself into the divine cycle of orgasm. "Bless you, Eos." I prayed. "I thank you for this pleasure, and offer it back to you in your holy name."

It would be the first of many: the blonde youth was a powerful cocksman. His thrusts began to grow stronger as he felt me start to respond physically. By the third orgasm I was strong enough to wrap my legs around his lower back and urge him on. I began to fumble off my gauntlets, and when my hands were finally free I was able to begin to caress my lover, and pulled him down for a fierce kiss.

I could taste myself on his tongue, and as always that excited me even further. I was strong enough now to cast one of Eos' enhancements, and I silently chanted the cantrip. My lover and I were both suffused with a blue glow, and waves of pure pleasure washed over us.

I heard my lover grunt in surprise and felt his cock twitch inside me. "What the hell was that?" He gasped, and I laughed. 

I reached up and caressed his ear. "Come for me now, my lover." I whispered hoarsely. "Fill me up with your cum, and I will be strong enough to rise."I was almost startled to hear myself say so, but I realized I was right: I had never had to heal so much damage on myself, but I was shocked to find that one fuck-session could repair so much.

I watched him smile with pleasure, then narrow his eyes as he began to pound into me in earnest, faster and harder than I had ever been fucked- and that was saying something for a follower of Eos, where fucking was literally a way of life. 

Every thrust seemed to bring me to another min-climax, and there seemed to be several thrusts every second: I couldn't catch my breath, I couldn't think, I couldn't do anything except enjoy the sensations. 

I saw his face scrunch up in pleasure, and I knew he was about to come. I had enough presence of mind to begin the primary milking sequence that every initiate to Eos learned in the first stages of training to add to his pleasure.

He growled like a bear as he began explode deep inside me, and his orgasm was long and strong. He kept thrusting frenetically into me as he shot load after load of hot, sticky cum into me. 

Finally he moaned and pulled out of me almost tenderly, leaning back on his haunches as he caught his breath. 

I wanted more, I wanted to taste him, to learn his body and show him the multitude of pleasures that the god/goddess had to give, but suddenly my thoughts turned to what had transpired before. 

I reached out to caress his cheek. "My thanks, good sir- you have saved my life twice over now."

I got to my feet and looked around as I removed the rest of my armor and tatters of clothing, until I stood naked in the sunlight. The healing had been so complete that only faint scars remained where my body had been cut and pierced.

I reached down and picked up my bastard sword from where I had dropped it in the battle. Like most things dedicated to Eos, it was erotically decorated: its hilt was shaped like a monstrous, heavily veined phallus. 

I looked at the young giant, who was just finishing dressing himself. He bent down and picked up a massive stone-headed hammer. I was a tall woman- to be selected for the warrior arm of Eos, one had to be at least six feet tall, and I was several inches above that, but the blonde youth towered over me.

"I am Synwe, Knight of Eos. My friends call me Syn." I said. "I thank you again for your help- I am forever in your debt."

He shrugged, then grinned. "Well- it was my pleasure, ma'am. And I guess you just thanked me pretty good there a minute ago." He grinned and stuck out a huge paw. "My name's Braken Aken, from the West branch of the Akens. Who were these fellas, anyway? Are your clans fuedin' with each other?"

"In a way." I smiled. "They follow Tyr, the war-god. Their god and mine have been at odds for over a century. But its only open warfare out here in the wilderness: in the cities it is just animosity and ill-will." 

"Is that right?" he asked, shaking his head as if in disbelief. But I saw his eyes flick up and down my naked body, and I knew that he was only half listened to what I had said.

I planted my sword into the ground and wrapped both hands around the hilt suggestively. "So where are you headed, Braken."

His eyes were glued to my hands, and he licked his lips before answering. "Nowhere in particular. Just comin' down from the mountains to see the sights a bit."

"Why don't you ride along with me for awhile, then." I suggested. "Any man that can kill three Knights of Tyr is a powerful warrior, and there are a lot of things I could show you." I pumped my joined hands up and down the shaft of my sword hilt slightly as I said this last, and smiled I saw the that no further seduction was required.

He nodded eagerly. "Sure- that sounds like a great idea to me."

I smiled again. "As a matter of fact, I'm going to need to do some more healing before we leave out of here. You think you'd be up to that?" 

He grinned eagerly, and one hand moved down towards his belt. "You mean right now?" 

I shook my head, and felt the smile fade from my face as I pointed back up the road. "Some of those bodies back there were friends of mine- I have to see to them. 

He began to gather up gear and horses while I went to look after my fallen companions. 

Tranthe was a fellow knight of Eos, and had been a powerful battlemage. He had fallen with a pair of crossbow bolts in him as the ambush had begun, and been axed to death before he ever had a chance to pull his sword or cast a spell. 

Gentle Dyes was an acolyte with a gift for finder spells and oral sex. She had little skill with weapons, but she had grabbed up a sword and bought me enough time to kill a pair of our attackers before I had been overwhelmed.

Two long time servants made up the rest of our party, a scout named Baltus and a Halfling cook called Butchie- both had been hacked to pieces.

I stripped our enemies and left them lying naked for the ravens and wolves. Then I gathered up enough wood for a bier and laid my friends gently upon it. 

When I was done, I stepped back. It would take magic to make the fire burn hot enough to consume my friends totally. I turned my head and found Braken standing there patiently watching me.

"I'm real sorry about your friends." He said. 

I smiled at him. I was still naked, and my endeavors had worked up a light sheen of sweat, despite the coolness of the mountain air. "Help me to honor them, and send them to Eos properly." I said, as I walked slowly and sensuously towards him.

His eyes were on my tits, and as I came close enough to slip my arms over his shoulders he brought a hand up to grasp one. We kissed, gently at first, but it quickly grew more intense. I moaned as he massaged my breast, and I reached down to begin tugging at his broad leather belt.

In a few moments he was as naked as I was, and I knelt slowly, kissing my way down his body till I reached his cock. Fellatio in the House of Eos was a craft with twelve degrees of proficiency: I was at the eighth level. That was enough to make most laymen buckle at the knees in a matter of moments. But my goal was not to control the young giant, but to reward him for all he had done.

I eagerly and lovingly devoured him. He groaned as I eased him all the way down my throat and slowly pulled off all the way to the knob, then began to bob up and down on his shaft. I whispered a quick spell that made his cock glow in my vision, with particularly sensitive spots more bright than others: he had two prominent spots- one on the head and one about a third of the way down on the bottom. A thin glowing line connected the two, and I worked my way up and down it to suck fiercely on both spots. Another spell while I cupped his balls produced a gentle buzzing sensation for him, making him yelp aloud. 

The energy was flowing through me now, stronger than I had ever felt it outside of a temple ceremony. As much as I would have liked to take him to completion, it was time to light the pyre. I stepped back and turned, thrusting my ass at him. 

He needed no prompting, but immediately stepped forward to slide his cock head along my wet and dripping slit. As he probed at my entrance, I convulsed my vaginal muscles, pulling him inside of me. I lifted one hand and cried out a word, and a fan of flame shot from my hand to the pile of wood, and it whooshed to life.

He thrust all the way inside me and grabbed my hips and yanked me backwards, impaling me. He began thrusting into me, hard and fast, pulling all the way back till only his mushroom head was in me, then slamming back into me, sending me rocking forward. 

The harder he fucked me, the higher the flames burned, until they were roaring. "Eos, we pray that you receive your children." I cried. "Farewell, Tranthe- we will fuck again in the house of Eos. Farewell, Dyes of the golden tongue: I will taste you again in the house of the goddess. Farewell Baltus- Eos keep you until I can ride your pole again. Farewell, faithful Butchie- I look forward to the day I can taste your sweet come once more."

Braken was thrusting like a stallion now, so hard that I was forced forward onto my hands and knees. He never missed a stroke as he fell to his own knees behind me, and I thrust my head back in pleasure. I reached down between my legs and lightly tickled his balls as he thrust forward, and when I felt him getting close I clamped down hard on his cock. 

He grunted with pleasure and continued to thrust, and I came hard, grunting myself. When I came back to my senses I began another milking technique: I loved to milk a cock from this position. 

He moaned and shot another huge load into me: I could not wait for an opportunity to get him hard again and take one of those in my mouth.

The magical fire had consumed my friends almost totally before we even rose from our knees. 

He laughed out loud, and looking at him I had to smile. "You ok?" I asked. 

"Yeah," he said. "I was just thinking I should have came down from the mountains a long time ago...."