 This is obviously a fantasy of a fantasy. I don't own the rights to these characters. Everyone is 18+.

*****

Princess Jehnna, Conan, Bombaata, Akiro, and Malak have just come upon a warrior woman named Zula, who was being held captive and also attacked by some villagers. 

Conan noticed that she was holding them off, but eventually she would grow tired and then they would kill her. 

Jehnna took pity on the dark skinned tribeswoman and begged Conan to help her. After giving it some thought, he rode to her on his horse and the villagers stopped the attack, waiting for his next move. 

Zula stood silently staring at Conan defiantly, but then he cut the rope and released her so she could have a fighting chance. 

After she made short work of the villagers, she hurried on horseback to catch up with the group, eager to join forces with the mighty Conan. However, Bombaata refused her and at first, so did Conan. Then she swore to give her life for Conan, and his response was "we shall see..." 

With a gleeful smile, she jumped on her horse and the six members of the party went off in search of the Gem that was to help Jehnna find the Horn of Dagoth. 

The Gem was in a mystical castle guarded by the wizard Thoth-Amon. After he kidnapped a sleeping Jehnna, the party went after her and eventually confronted the powerful wizard. 

After killing Toth-Amon in single combat, Conan and the others found Jehnna and as soon as she secured the Gem, they all escaped the crumbling castle. 

After nightfall, the group set up camp and each went about their own business; Malak tried rubbing some salve that Akiro had made onto a scratch on Zula's thigh, Bambaata sharpened his blades, and Jehnna watched Conan begin drinking some kind of alcoholic beverage. 

She was fascinated by the powerfully built man, he was an incredibly skilled warrior and very handsome. For the first time in her life, she felt a tingling need in her loins and desire in her heart, but had no idea how to act upon them. 

Earlier, she had asked Zula how a woman in her tribe went about finding a mate, but her savage response "GRAB HIM, and TAKE HIM!" wasn't exactly the advice that Jehnna was looking for. 

Jehnna decided to ask Conan himself about his female preferences, and sat next to him by the fire. He had just begun drinking and she could smell the alcohol, but he still seemed to be relatively sober. 

She asked him about what kind of woman he preferred, and he replied "Valeria" without hesitation. So his heart was devoted to another woman...although inwardly disappointed, she continued with her questioning.

"What is she like?"

Pointing to Zula, he responded "she's like her. She doesn't LOOK like her, but she's strong like her and can fight better than most men." 

Sensing that she could get closer to him by trying to understand his tastes, Jehnna then asked, "How did she excite you?" 

Conan stood up and said, "come with me, I will show you." Then he walked over to where Zula was sitting. 

Zula was whittling away at her primitive but affective bo-staff and looked up at him questioningly. "What do you want, Conan?" she asked.

"To show the princess here how a woman excites me. You remind me of my beloved and I wish to demonstrate with you. Come."

Zula was a proud warrior, but she was also a woman with needs, and understood the needs of a man. All the men in her tribe had been wiped out by those weak villagers, and it had been some time since her needs had been attended to. Now Conan, the greatest warrior she had ever seen, wanted to "demonstrate" with her in front of this petulant princess. 

The Gods were truly favoring her this night!

Zula smiled knowingly and took his hand when he held it out to her. Still smiling, he put his arm around her shoulder. She wrapped her arm around his waist and looked over her shoulder at the princess as they walked around a dense thicket of trees about thirty yards away from the campfire. 

"Follow us." Conan said to Jehnna. 

On the other side of the thicket, away from the rest of the party, they approached a bed of moss and grass. He stood in front of Zula and faced her, while she eagerly looked up at him. Then he placed his hands on her shoulders and turned to the princess and said "watch...and learn."

He looked back to Zula's smiling face and then they roughly pressed against each other. Jehnna was startled by the ferocity of it; their faces were stuck together and they were forcing their tongues into each other's mouths while their hands slid all over each other's bodies, pulling off whatever meager garments they were wearing. 

Jehnna was so taken aback that she had to sit down on a nearby rock and hug herself as the carnal scene unfolded in front of her.

When they had stripped each other naked, he grabbed Zula's buttocks and pressed her groin against his. She responded by lewdly licking his face and nibbling his neck as she grabbed the back of his head in her hands.

His fingers slipped into the split of her bottom and she growled and undulated in response, pushing her hips out to give his fingers a better chance to slip in somewhere. Conan found her rapidly moistening sex and her greasy anus, and when he began digging his fingers into both holes, she hissed, growled, and writhed in his arms. 

Princess Jehnna tucked her knees to her chest and hugged them, watching with mixed feelings of fear, trepidation, revulsion (why would someone put their fingers inside another person's bottom??), and just a bit of titillation. Was she going to have to go through this when the time came for her to experience physical intimacy for the first time? She had no idea that it could be so rough and carnal!

Zula on the other hand, knew EXACTLY what she was about to go through, and she couldn't get into it fast enough. Here was Conan, a Cimmerian BARBARIAN, more than man enough to handle her, and that's precisely what was happening. 

She was a tribeswoman warrior herself, and would NEVER let a puny everyman touch her, a man had to be WORTHY of her charms. In Zula's eyes, Conan DEFINED worthiness. 

She knew his heart was devoted to his lost love, so there were no emotional feelings at play here, only pure animalistic, passionate lust. They both needed an itch scratched, and she was eagerly enthusiastic about being honored with Conan's scratching. Zula would do her best to scratch his, she promised herself.

She jumped into his arms and wrapped her legs around his body, her arms around his neck, her mouth sealed around his. They both were breathing deeply through their noses and they moaned into each other's mouths. 

He held her aloft with his fingers still buried in her holes, and Conan felt his erection grinding against her tightly kinked and damp pubic hair. Not even Valeria was this frantic when it came to sex, and Zula's respect and appreciation for him was just as much of a turnon to him as her enthusiasm. 

She smelled like a dusty sweaty woman, and because it was a warm night, they had both started to perspire even before they had actually begun having sex. 

He took a couple of steps towards the bed of grass and while still holding her, got on his knees and laid her down on her back. She didn't let go though, and instead reached down and grabbed his rock hard erection and guided it to her soaking wet vagina.  

When she had aligned the head with the entrance, he steadied his knees and planted his hands on the ground on either side of her chest. Then without wasting any time, he plunged in to the hilt which made her gasp and roll her eyes back in her head. Her head she tilted backwards, mouth wide open, lost in the intense sensation of his penis filling the pocket of her sex so quickly. 

Then he began pistoning in and out roughly, his hips banging into hers. Her vagina felt so wet, and each time he hit bottom, she grunted and mewled like an animal in heat, "...hhrgh...hrrggh...hhrr...mmeewwrrr...hhrrr..."

Conan grunted also, and looked down at his glistening penis as it pumped away at her warm wet sex. 

Zula ran her hands over his perfectly muscled arms and chest, in awe his power and marveling at how lucky she was to be the object of his sexual desires. 

She watched his sweaty face with a toothy smile, in fact, she had not stopped smiling since he first made it clear that he wanted to mate with her. Then she looked over at the princess who still sat there hugging her knees and watching them with fearful wide eyes, and chuckled inwardly. 

"That little bitch will get the show of her life after Conan and I are finished! She wants to know what being taken by a man is about? Well here it is!!" Zula thought to herself. 

By now their sweaty skins shined in the firelight, and the intensity of their union still hadn't let up. To Princess Jehnna, there were moments where she couldn't tell if they were wrestling or just hurting each other since their noises could be confused for pain. 

It was harsh, raw sex with no affection involved at all, and she had heard a word used by Queen Taramis once while Jehnna eavesdropped on a conversation that the queen was having with a chambermaid about the type of sex that she had had with Bombaata the previous night; "fucking". Bombaata had "fucked her mightily enough to shake the Heavens", and now watching Conan and Zula, this was what she must have meant...

...and suddenly, Princess Jehnna wasn't so sure that she was ready for it yet. 

Conan and Zula stared into each other's eyes, both grinning lewdly, challenging each other with their leering gazes as their wet bodies smacked together repeatedly. 

As he grunted, she barked out cries of pleasure in time with his thrusting. At one point, she held his face in her hands and brought it inches from her face, then while looking directly into his eyes, hissed "YESSSSbarbarian...mmmmmyessss...show me your strength!!...give me your body!!...fill me with your seed...make your flesh one with my own!!...yesyesyessss..." 

Zula had her legs wrapped around his waist, and used them to pull him into her each time he plunged inward. She couldn't get enough of Conan's body as he took her so savagely. 

Although the sex was extremely intense, his senses had dulled slightly due to the alcohol that he had drank a little while earlier, and although he wasn't heavily intoxicated, it was interfering with his ability to climax. So he wrapped his arm around her lower back and pulled her up so that she was sitting on his lap facing him.

She continued undulating on his penis while keeping her body smashed against his, and her tongue forced into his mouth, noisily sucking faces. Then he slid his hands to her buttocks and his fingers found her anus again, which made her growl with animalistic lust. 

He pushed two fingers into her soft orifice again, and it was at this point where Zula disengaged from his face with a sloppy pop, and then planted her feet on the ground and lifted herself off of his glistening penis. 

"Hey where are you going?? I am not finished..." he said in a confused tone.

Zula would have preferred it if he had released his seed into her womb (the possibility of being blessed with a child of his loins was a VERY tempting one), but she was getting the feeling that he might lose his stiffness if he didn't climax soon. 

She decided that this time, maybe it would be best of she offered him her backside, the men in her tribe usually preferred that route anyway and she therefore had familiarity with it. 

Besides, this was lewd, lascivious sex that they had been having, and nothing was more lewd or lascivious than anal sex. 

"Take my backside, Conan...the men in my tribe prefer this way. It gives me pleasure, and it will give you pleasure too. You have been putting your fingers in there, now it is ready for your cock!"

Princess Jehnna straightened her back and raised her head in appalled shock; was Zula really implying what Jehnna thought she was implying?? Don't people defecate from there? Wasn't she scared that the presence of excrement would make a mess?? How embarrassing!! Disgusting!!

All this made her very uncomfortable, but she was a princess, and royalty like her had to be strong in any situation, so she was not about to have these common savages believe that she had no stomach for such matters. She stayed and watched, but with dread in the pit of her stomach. 

Conan had performed anal sex numerous times with some of the whores that were offered to him while he was a champion pit fighter, many of them enticed him to penetrate them that way because they knew that they couldn't be impregnated if the man released his seed into their bowels.

Zula was just another woman asking him for sex in her bottom, so he did what he usually did, he spun her around and smacked her plump firm buttocks which wobbled and made her yelp and growl enticingly. 

Then she locked her knees and bent at the waist, placed her hands on her ample buttocks and spread them apart, revealing her shiny black anus. She looked over her shoulders, licked her lips, and with a lustful smile growled "take me, Conan. Take my backside! Put your cock in my bottom! I like my anus taken HARD! GIVE IT TO ME, BARBARIAN!"

He spat into one hand and slathered it onto his penis, then while doing that, he reached forward and poked his other finger into her twitching sphincter, massaging the elastic walls.

She smiled and licked her lips again, groaning and whispering inaudibly. His finger felt rough and hard, but then he forced a second up there and she tilted her head back and squeezed her eyes shut. 

He sawed them in and out of her softened and moist anal passage until it felt sufficiently prepared for him, then he withdrew them. With a soft slurping sound, they emerged coated in her natural rectal secretions.

The raw pungent anal odor wafted up from her exposed anus and also from his fingers. Conan considered the stink to be arousing, because it was real and honest. Too much perfume masked a woman's true bodily identity, just like magic was able to trick a person's mind and cloud one's judgement.

Sniffing his sticky fingers, Conan's penis throbbed in his hand and oozed clear thick liquid. He got down on one knee and got his face close to her fragrant anus, then spat a large gob of saliva right into the pit of her puckered orifice. 

Zula groaned softly and wiggled her hips, enticing him further. She felt the spittle running down and around the lips of her sex, and urged him on "I am ready, barbarian. Put it in my backside...give Zula what she desires...what YOU desire!!"

With that, he mounted her and wedged the head of his penis between her spread buttocks, nestling it into the pit of her anal orifice. Holding it steady with his thumb on top of the head, he pressed inward. 

She held her breath as she felt the blunt knob begin dilating her sphincter. The stretching sensation was painful but not unbearably so, and she knew that once he got past that narrow part, the discomfort would disappear and be replaced with a pleasant fullness from deep within the core of her body.

Conan saw her hang her head down as she concentrated on relaxing and letting him enter her. The shaft of his penis bowed upward from the unrelenting pressure that he was putting on her anal passage; it would only subside once he had gained access to her rectum.

After a tense minute, her anal canal finally relaxed and granted him entry into her colon. She yipped and jumped, then sighed as his penis slid in slowly, at last making itself at home in her colon. 

He watched his shaft straighten and slowly sink into her bottom, her anus now a thin black ring swallowing his penis. When her buttocks swelled against his groin, he grabbed her hips and partially withdrew, only to plunge back in, thus commencing true anal intercourse with Zula. 

She kept smiling that wicked lustful smile and groaned with pleasure as he pushed her back and forth on his penis, she savored the fullness in her rectum and the distended sensation coming from her stretched open anus.

"Yeessssbarbarian...Yessssbarbarian...yessssConan...Ooooohhh...ooohhhhyessss..."

Princess Jehnna watched in appalled shock as Zula took Conan's tanned penis into her darkskinned bottom, creating an interesting contrast in skintones as they bumped against each other. 

Then she felt wetness in the fabric of her undergarment, and when she slipped a tentative hand down to her crotch, she felt slick moisture in and around the lips of her virgin vagina. What did this signify?? Rationally, she was disturbed by the crude savagery of their unnatural union, but unconsciously...maybe she was curious to know more, to feel Conan's hands on her hips, his penis rending her holes like Zula's. 

Bombaata would never allow that to happen though, she was aware of Queen Taramis's orders to him, and his loyalty to her was absolute. 

Conan pushed Zula forward so that she went down on her hands and knees. He slipped out of her anus for a moment to position her the way he wanted, and she looked back at him with lustful submission, eagerly following his nudgings.

He had her plant her knees far apart, keep her shoulders up and supported by her locked elbows, and her back arched downward. This tilted her hips up and outward invitingly and made her belly sag which was visually stimulating for him. 

She licked her lips and beckoned him by waving her foot, swaying her hips, and twitching the shiny little black ring or her anal orifice. 

Conan stroked his penis and growled hungrily, then settled his knees in between hers. In this position, Zula's strong odors wafted right up to his nose, and once again, he was entranced. 

Zula watched him mount her and felt the warmth of his groin on the back of her buttocks and thighs. Then she closed her eyes and groaned when he slid his moist manhood back into her anus to the hilt. His warm penis felt so comfortable where it was, as though it was meant to be there. 

She tucked her feet over his calves to lock herself in, then she sighed as he held her dark brown hips in his hands. Her large dimpled but firm buttocks wobbled and jiggled, closing up as he withdrew, only to part again and bulge against his groin as he plunged back into her rectum. 

They established a rhythm and the sounds of their sex filled the night air; her buttocks slapping against his hips and her barking cries of pleasure... "AHH...AHH...AHHG...YES!...YES! OHYES!!...ARGH...AHH..."

On the other side of the thicket, the other three members heard the distinctive noises clearly and looked at each other knowingly. Akiro cackled and clapped, Malak hung his head in disappointment (Conan always seemed to get everything!), and Bombaata just shook his head. "As long as it is Zula on the receiving end of Conan's cock and not the Princess, then what do I care??" he thought. 

In spite of the fact that they were of the same race, Bombaata saw himself as civilized and superior to her. After all, he was Captain of the Guard and THE favorite bedmate of the Queen of Shadizar herself. Zula was a lowly savage, no better than a dog in his eyes. He had even objected to her presence in the first place! If Conan wanted to defile himself with that ugly animal woman, then he was welcome to it. 

Back on the other side of the thicket, Princess Jehnna continued watching the illicit spectacle happening in front of her. She felt the cool air blow through the wet spot on her undergarment and reached down to wipe at it, but when she did, she unintentionally rubbed against her soaking wet vagina. Pleasure shot through her entire body like an electric shock, and she gasped softly. She touched it again, this time intentionally, and closed her eyes, savoring the sensation. Then she began rubbing the nub of her clitoris, and just like that, she was masturbating for the first time, her arousal cancelling out the initial unsavoriness of Conan and Zula's unconventional idea of sex. 
