  My story is taken directly from an English translation of a Grimm Brother's tale, embellished with a few characters of my own to create a new interpretation. All credit goes to them for the story's base.

Please be aware that this story contains a mixture of Loving Wives, NonConsent/Reluctance, First Time, Mind Control, and Voyeur/Exhibition. All characters involved in sexual conduct are over the age of 18. 

***

CONFESSIONS OF A FAIRY GODMOTHER

As fairy godmothers go, Gwendolyn the Fair was a bit of a conundrum. Upon her two hundredth birthday, she was inducted into the Society of Fairy Godmother's by her aunt, Mildred the Gracious, and had yet to be given a charge due to her... well, rather licentious behavior. 

Gwendolyn had spent much of her youth tangled in wild romances with handsome young men. So wanton was her behavior, that her elders feared she wasn't worthy of her heritage. However, the week before her bicentennial birthday, she came to her aunt and proclaimed herself ready.

"My dear," Mildred said, "I know the blood of our family runs in your veins, but your exploits are notorious and I fear we will be unable to find a charge for you to look after."

"Let me prove myself." Gwen replied, determined to live up to her family's great history. "I will settle down."

Mildred harrumphed. "I give you a week... I don't think you've ever gone that long without getting into some mischief, so if you can behave yourself, we will announce your induction at your birthday celebration."

To everyone's surprise, Gwendolyn the Fair had behaved like a perfect fairy. She did her chores, sat with her aunt's knitting circle and amused the whole lot of them, and kept her distance from any man who came her way. Impressed by her attempt to live a more civilized existence, her Aunt held true to her promise and the elders of the Society of Fairy Godmothers attended Gwen's birthday celebration, inducting her into their circle in front of the attendees.

That had been two years ago.

Gwendolyn was truly starting to think that she would never fulfill her purpose as a fairy godmother; the women of the circle of elders refused to give her a young boy to watch after, lest she revert back to her old ways, and though they did not admit it to her, they were afraid to give her a young girl to watch over, fearing Gwen would corrupt the child's innocence. 

Then came news of Ethel the Timid's conundrum with her current charge. 

Gwendolyn was summoned to the Circle of Elders and presented with the girl's situation.

Mildred smiled as her niece entered the chamber. "My dear, I believe we have found a case that requires your expertise! Ethel is beside herself with a spoiled princess and we thought perhaps you would like to step in."

Gwendolyn was so excited, she agreed before hearing the girl's story. And a princess! Once you became a fairy godmother to a family, you followed the bloodline from parent to child. She would watch over royalty! "Yes! Of course. You can count on me. What is her situation?"

A sigh came from Ethel the Timid. Gwen watched the older fairy godmother lean on the arm of her chair, exhausted. "I have run out of options. Her dear mother was one of my best charges but she passed away seven years ago and to comfort his daughter, the King has let her do whatever she likes. The girl is a spoiled brat! She is already twenty years old, having been eligible for marriage for four years now, according to her country's custom, but she has yet to pick a suitor. Her father is beside himself."

Gwendolyn couldn't see the problem. Spoiled brats weren't all that bad; she was admittedly one herself. Perhaps this was why the elder fairies had come to her. She felt confident. She felt determined. She felt... elated! Finally! What she'd been waiting two long years for!

Ethel the Timid leaned forward. "It may seem a bit sudden, my handing over this family line, but her father has arranged a gathering of potential husbands this evening and I have been a wreck all day... I can't blow this! For her dear mother's sake, I cannot bear to think the girl will remain in solitude the entirety of her life."

"Of course she will not," Gwendolyn's aunt said, coming to stand beside Gwen. "I have every confidence that Gwendolyn will help her make a match. And," Mildred turned to her niece, looking her in the eye, "if she succeeds, we'll give her the girl and her descendants to watch over."

Gwendolyn was confused and excited all at once. She thought she'd already been given the line, but it wasn't hers yet. She had to prove herself first. She looked hopefully at the elders, trying to convey how eager she was to get started.

"The party starts in three hours," Ethel said, leaning forward. "I'm trusting Korina to you, Gwendolyn, she's the product of centuries of work. Don't let me down."

"Don't let us down." Mildred was no longer acting as Gendolyn's aunt, but one of the Circle.

Gwendolyn nodded and curtsied, leaving the hall where the Circle of Elders convened. The moment she was gone she dashed down the hall to her chamber to ready herself for the party. No one would see her of course, but she still wanted to look her best for her trial run as a fairy godmother.

Once ready, she waved her magic wand and appeared in Korina's bedroom.

*  DIARY OF GWENDOLYN FAIRY GODMOTHER (in training)

~Entry One~

Subject's name: Korina

Objective: To find the girl a suitable husband 

I have failed.

Upon arrival to this new castle I went in search of the princess but came across her father instead. I heard the king speaking with his steward; he was distraught by his daughter's proud and arrogant way, despite her being a great beauty. According to him she had rejected every suitor for the simple reason that they were not good enough for her.

Despite them being royalty!

This feast was supposed to be the solution. Men came from near and far, all of them in search of a bride. Finally, after everyone had eaten and spoken to the princess, they were all lined up. Kings, grand dukes, princes, earls, barons and a few aristocracy were shamed by the way they were inspected by the girl like they were animals!

Oh and Korina! I will admit that not all of those assembled were the best looking, but there were some handsome faces among the men. 

I will admit also to doing nothing. The spectacle of the whole thing! I mean really! There had to be at least one man she'd agree on. But no. 

One by one, she rejected them as she walked among their ranks. One was too fat: "The wine barrel," she said. Another was too tall: "Thin and tall, no good at all." I mean really!! And so it went. Too short, too pale, too red, not straight enough... well, granted, that last one was a bit flitty, but he was a prince! And I've had many a good romp with men who wanted another sir in the bed. It's all a matter of how much fun you're willing to have. 

I was beginning to suspect the girl was a prude.

Then came the last in the line. Imagine my surprise at finding Prince Jarrett standing there among the men looking for a wife! I never thought I'd see the day. The boy was handsome enough to have lived another decade before settling down, but I did hear his father was ill. The king hadd never recovered from that ogre attack; the one where his son had broken his jaw saving his life. Jarrett had been a hero after that, and he had healed from the ogre's punch except for a slight crookedness to his chin.

And this is where I failed. I faultered. But what could I do? She mocked him! 

"Look!" she cried out, laughing, "He has a chin like a thrush's beak."

Oh! That just made my blood boil! The fact that she didn't know how his chin got that way was the only thing keeping her from being turned into a frog. Or a mouse. Or a pumpkin.

I was too busy fuming to do anything after that. 

Her father, just as angry at her for the way his daughter ridiculed the other nobles, swore Korina should have for a husband the very next beggar to come to his door.

Well.

That mollified us both.

Served the little twit right. 

*

Gwendolyn the Fair walked the halls, wallowing in her mistake. She'd let the other fairy godmothers down. What would she do if the girl really did marry a beggar? She couldn't go back until the task was complete, and the task was to marry Korina off. She didn't think that meant to just any man available.

She thought of poor Jarrett, riding home with that ridicule hanging over his head. The other nobles had begun calling him King Thrushbeard. He didn't deserve such mockery, but they were trying to take the insults off themselves. Gwen had known him a few years ago when she was impersonating humans for various pleasurable reasons and longed to go console him. But she couldn't go to him now unless he had something to do with the girl. And that was the last thing Gwendolyn wanted to wish on him.

She thought of what the king had said. She really had an ax hanging over her head now, just as Korina did, even if the girl was oblivious to the severity of what her father had promised. Did the girl not realize that the king already had all the alliances he needed? And a son to take his throne. Three sons in fact. His kingdom was secure. Which meant he could very well carry out his threat.

It would serve Korina right to live as a beggar. It would teach her a thing or two about civility.

Gwendolyn stopped and stared. While her thoughts had distracted her she had found her way to the kitchens and was in the middle of the morning hustle and bustle. No one saw her, but she saw them.

What if she really could teach Korina a lesson? The girl would put up a good fight, but there was one way to subdue a woman fast, whether she be quick to anger or simply pigheaded. A man had to make her want him. 

What would a girl do to get what she wanted?

Anything.

Gwendolyn pulled out her wand gleefully and waved it.

She appeared under the branches of a willow tree. A horse grazed nearby; the sun was sitting on the horizon, climbing slowly to its place in the sky. And on the ground, resting against the trunk, was a still-sleeping prince.

"You know, a prince without a bodyguard can come to harm along this highway."

Jarrett sat up, a hand going to his sword. It was gone.

Gwendolyn waved it at him, smirking.

"Gwen! What the bloody-"

"Now, now, prince, a man wanting to settle down and get married shouldn't use such language. Especially if he's going to be king."

Jarrett jumped to his feet, shaking the sleep from his head. "You heard, then? I'm a laughing stock."

"I never thought you, of all people, would care about what others thought of you when it came to battle scars." Gwen handed him back his sword.

"I don't." Jarrett rubbed his chin. "Just stung a little, coming from such a pretty face."

"You're just as beautiful, you know," Gwen said. It was true too. Jarrett had a fine face despite his crooked chin; the knowledge of how it became that way even added to his handsomeness. 

"The princess didn't think so," the prince said.

Gwen sighed. This was where she had to be honest. "I don't know her mind but it could be any number of things... complete innocence not wanting to be spoiled by a man, fearing death in childbirth... who knows her motivation. But I'm determined to make her a good wife."

"Yeah, well, good luck with that."

"Thanks. I'll need your help."

"Me? What could I do?"

"Be her husband."

Jarrett laughed.

And laughed.

Gwendolyn rolled her eyes. "I have a plan to teach the girl humility. And I know how to do it."

Jarrett grew solemn when he realized she was serious. He eyed her. "How do you even know her? You're a..." he eyed her more closely. "but you're not, are you... who are you Gwendolyn? How did you find me?"

Gwen smiled. "Oh I've been many things over the years, but I've decided to do my duty; much like you." Gwendolyn knew he was seeing a woman of perhaps twenty years but hearing what she said made her seem older; he was intelligent enough to understand something was going on. She decided to silence any more questions by pulling her wand from her belt. He eyed it warily.

"I'm here on Korina's behalf, though she doesn't even know I exist. I saw the way you looked at her. If you could have her... a more humble version of her... would you marry her?"

Jarrett considered. "You can make her...?"

"I will not make her do anything, Jarrett, she must do this herself. But I can guide her transformation." Gwen smiled, tapping her wand on her chin, eyeing the prince. "So, what do you say?"

*  DIARY OF GWENDOLYN FAIRY GODMOTHER (in training)

~ Entry Two ~ 

I have found a way to save this situation!

Jarrett has agreed to marry Korina if I can get her to behave. I gave him advice, mainly reminding him of his many talents when it comes to women, and he has decided to make the formal introduction of her to his people and his ailing father in one months time.

I have only a month to complete my task. 

Meanwhile, the king has made good on his promise. Three days after his daughter spurned an entire room of nobles, a minstrel came to the castle and sang beneath the king's window. The king enjoyed the music and told his servants to bring the man before him.

I watched the princess, her presence in the room beneficial in reminding the king of his earlier threat. She was conveniently dressed in white today; my influence I must admit.

The minstrel came in, dressed in dirty, ragged clothes, a beard obscuring his face and a hat on his head. He removed it, bowing deeply, before replacing it and playing a tune that both the king and princess appreciated. When he was finished, he asked for a small token of thanks.

The king said, "I liked your song so much that I will give you my daughter for a wife."

The girl was stunned. The king walked to where she stood, frozen, and began to draw her toward her future husband. She began to struggle, frightened. 

Her father said, "I have taken an oath to give you to the very first beggar and I will keep it."

Oh, to see her face!

Her protests did not help, or course, and the priest of the castle just happened to be walking down the hall the very instant the servants were sent for him (my doing as well). The wedding was short and, well, not sweet, but definitely worth the result: the girl fainted, by the way, and I'm not quite sure it was faked.

When Korina awoke a few minutes later, she saw her father looming over her. Instead of being relieved that she was alright, he simply said, "it is not proper for you, a beggar's wife, to stay in my palace any longer. All you can do now is to go away with your husband."

And so the beggar led her out of the castle and down the sidewalk. He offered her some more appropriate clothing, but she refused. The white dress was all she had left of who she truly was. Before long however, the princess began to notice the stares she was receiving. The white dress made her stick out like a sore thumb, and people began to realize the princess was walking alongside a minstrel. Walking! Through the streets with no guard!

Okay, I admit, I made more people star than would have normally paid attention but really, that dress wasn't a part of phase two. The clothes she ended up changing into however, were. At least she could appreciate not having to be bound up in all the undergarments required by ladies of her country.

The stubborn girl left her shoes on though.

I must begin preparations for phase two. I feel that tonight may be the beginning of her education. If nothing else, Korina will begin to mourn the loss of Jarrett so that when she sees him again she will appreciate the man she could have had.

For now, this grimy minstrel will have to do. 

*

Gwendolyn walked behind her charge and the minstrel through the land Korina used to belong to and into the kingdom of Jarrett's father. She knew the place was beautiful, and before long, the princess began to notice the stunning forest through which they walked. The wind was rustling the leaves and the birdsong was merry.

Korina asked, "Who owns this beautiful forest?"

"It belongs to King Thrusbeard," the minstrel replied, having heard of the cruel nickname the princess had given Prince Jarrett. "If you had taken him, it would be yours."

The princess grimaced. "Oh, I am a miserable thing; if only I'd taken the Thrushbeard King."

By dusk they came to a meadow that was stunning in the light of the setting sun. She asked, "Who owns this beautiful green meadow?"

"It belongs to King Thrushbeard. If you had taken him, it would be yours."

She glanced around, spotting a grand willow tree, and sighed regretfully saying, "Oh, I am a miserable thing; if only I'd taken the Thrushbeard King."

Gwendolyn smiled to herself. The princess was finally understanding what she'd lost. The willow Korina was looking at was the same one Jarrett had slept under only days before. 

Gwen looked at the minstrel and wrinkled her nose. The man was a poor substitute. He smelled horrible. At least his teeth were in good shape shape; if they had been otherwise, her next challenge would be a little more difficult.

The minstrel noticed the princess staring at the tree then made a decision. "We sleep here tonight."

Korina blinked. "Here? But we're in the middle of a meadow."

"The town is still a good four hours walk from here. Would you like to make that journey in the dark of night or would you like some supper?" The minstrel walked town the tree.

Korina stayed, stubbornly, as her new husband lit a fire. She busied herself with nothing other than watching the sunset. Her cheeks were awash with her tears.

Gwendolyn watched the girl, amazed that she had held her emotions in check for so long. She had spirit, this one, even if she used it badly.

Finally, the girl wiped her face. She knew what she'd lost, now, and made her way to the willow and her beggar husband. He had a stew cooking, and the starving princess thought she might be able to actually eat whatever he'd made. It wasn't much, but it eased the rumbling of her stomach. She wasn't used to waiting so long for a meal.

The night was thankfully dark. Gwen had known it would be a new moon, the surrounding area pitch black with no lights for miles, save the small fire the minstrel had built. It was also a cold spring evening. It was these two elements of nature that Gwendolyn was counting on.

The minstrel had only one blanket. It was large, but for them both to be warm, they would have to share. The girl, as expected, refused.

Gwendolyn watched as the minstrel laid down to rest and Korina sat by the fire. It still gave off some heat, but it was dying. Within an hour or so it wouldn't be enough to warm her. Gwen doubted the princess had ever camped outdoors, so it wouldn't be long before she took the minstrel up on his offer to share his pallet. 

Korina removed her shoes with a grimace. Her ankles! They were a mess, as were a few of her toes; blisters, angry, some broken, covered her feet. Gwendolyn had a sudden moment of sympathy for the girl; this whole time they had walked, Korina had hidden the pain her shoes were giving her. Was it because they were last things she owned as a princess? The dress had been discarded by her new husband.

Still, Gwendolyn couldn't afford to be soft. Not now. The girl was learning the hardships of being poor. This was part of it. Poor people couldn't afford proper-fitting shoes sometimes and they had to make do with what they had.

As Korina rubbed her feet in the almost black night, she looked at her sleeping husband. Gwendolyn noticed what the girl saw -- a dirty face, scruffy beard, but a good build -- probably from hard labor. The man was fit. He was gifted too, the music he played a true pleasure. Now, when he wasn't looking, was when the girl would try to make something good out of a bad situation.
