 This story started out as a one shot fanfic piece to get Samantha Carter of SG-1 laid. Somehow, it morphed into a longer, much more involved effort.

This is a long story, all 7 parts are 560MB when joined. This story actually became therapy during a long period of unemployment.

I've taken the liberty of introducing new characters. I see Sigourney Weaver, circa the Avatar period, as Dr Andi Samuels, who is introduced in this chapter.

So sit back, let the story happen, and I hope you enjoy it.

(-)

Preface

While I enjoyed both Stargate SG-1 and Stargate Atlantis, I never cared for the way the writers handled Samantha Carter's sex life. At the end of Season 1 and the beginning of Season 2 of SG-1, they started hinting at a relationship between Carter and Jack O'Niell, then snuffed it out as being against regulations. They made use of alternate dimensions and realities to carry that relationship along as the series progressed, and continued with that tease up through Season 7, when Richard Dean Anderson asked to be written out and stepped aside. 

Carter had 2 other short lived relationships, but her sexuality was always suppressed as the storyline continued. 

This story started out as a Stargate Atlantis fanfic sex story to give Samantha Carter a little sexual gratification, but has morphed into an alternate universe story. The story opens with a strong sexual theme, but that tapers off a bit as the story progresses. The sex will continue, just slightly reduced, with more emphasis on the storyline.

For the fun of it, the storyline has been updated so events are occurring in the present day, so you'll see some current technology that may not have been in the original series. 

This interlude takes place following the events of Be All My Sins Remember'd, Season4/Episode11.

The Asuran/Replicator planet has been destroyed, the Wraith/Traveller/Atlantis alliance has broken up, and business is as usual in the Pegasus galaxy.

During a routine staff meeting, Col. Samantha Carter passes out with no explanation. Dr. Keller examines her, and can find nothing obviously wrong physically, so she refers Carter to Atlantis' new resident psychiatrist, Dr. Andi Samuels, to search for other causes.

Which is where our story begins...

*****

Confirming Carter1 Part01

Day One

Interior-Dr. Andi Samuels Office

1500 Hours

"Oh, come in Col. Carter." Dr. Samuels said as she stepped aside and led Sam into her office. "I thought we'd do our first session on the balcony. I love the view of the ocean from there. Is that okay with you?"

"That's fine," Sam said as she followed the older woman out onto the deck. "I like the view too, and the sea air is soothing sometimes."

Dr. Samuels waved her toward a chair as she picked up a pitcher and poured two glasses, handing one to Sam, and taking a sip from the other. She sat her glass down and stepped over to the railing. Leaning over, she rested her forearms on the top rail and looked down at the base of the city almost a hundred stories below her.

"So tell me Colonel, how many episodes have you had like the one that has Jennifer is such a tizzy?" she asked.

Sam took a sip from her glass, barely avoiding choking as she tasted it. It was a margarita, and a strong one at that. She took another big sip, and sat the glass on the table.

"That was the fir..."

"Oh, that's bullshit, and we both know it." Dr Samuels laughed as she turned and looked at Carter. "I've read your file. The real one, not the parsed version you submitted to the IOA when they selected you for this position. I could review everything you've been subjected to over the last eleven years, but I doubt if you'd like to sit and listen to that list. Again." 

She stepped over to the table and picked up her glass, taking a big sip from it as she looked at Sam.

"You work in what could kindly be called a high stress job, and with your Type-A personality, you never back off, and never take time off. So the pressure just builds up. If I was to hazard a guess, I'd say you've been losing it two, maybe three times a year, for at least the last three years. You've just been lucky that it's usually happened when you were alone, and you never hurt yourself too seriously when it's happened." 

"Five and five," Sam said quietly, staring down at her drink. "It's been happening closer to five times a year for the last five years."

Samuels nodded. "How long do the episodes last? Do they last about the same amount of time, or have they been getting longer?"

"I...it usually only lasts a couple of minutes, and they seem to be consistent. I remember what I was doing when I go out, and I come to my senses pretty quickly afterward."

"Good, we got to the honesty faster than I thought we would." Samuels said, walking over and picking up the pitcher. "Now empty that glass, and let me give you a refill. It's not too strong is it?"

"No, it's fine," Sam said, taking a big pull from her drink. "But I wasn't aware that alcohol was typically used in therapy." She drained the glass, and held it out for Samuels to refill.

"Special cases, call for special tactics." Samuels smiled. "I figured that a few drinks would relax you, and loosen your tongue. Either that or I'd get you so drunk I could seduce you."

Samuels' comment took Carter completely by surprise. She coughed into her drink, barely avoiding spraying it all over herself. 

"Wh...what, I don't...you can..."

"Relax, Colonel. I just wanted to see your reaction." Samuels said, sitting down across from Carter. "You're not very comfortable with sex, are you?"

"I like se..."

"Most people like sex, but that's not what I asked you. You're a very tight, self-controlled person, and that tells me that you don't like to be vulnerable. And our sexuality is where we're all at our most vulnerable."

"Okay," Carter said. "I'll give you that. But what has this got to do with anything?"

"A few more questions before I answer yours. First, when was the last time you had sex. With another person. Second, how often do you masturbate?"

Carter blushed, staring down into her drink. Raising her glass to her lips, she gulped down a third of it, paused, then drank another third before she sat the glass down on the table.

"Okay, so your last partner was that Shanahan guy, and that was what, 4 years ago?" Samuels said, picking up the pitcher and filling Sam's glass again. "And how often do you masturbate? Once, maybe twice a month?"

"More like two or three times a year." Carter said, folding her hands in her lap and looking at the floor.

"Jezzus, I'm surprised your head hasn't exploded yet! The amount of sheer sexual tension you have bottled up in you is enough to kill a Klingon! You throw all the other shit you've been through on top of that, and it's amazing that you can even function, much less at the level you obviously do." 

Carter laughed, looking up at Samuels, realizing that she liked this woman. Her bluntness was a refreshing change. She took another drink of her margarita, feeling the warm glow of an unaccustomed buzz flowing over her. She tapped the earpiece of her comm unit, and waited for the beep.

"Col. Sheppard?" she said when the mike went live.

"Go on Sheppard," came an immediate response.

"John, I'm going to be offline for the rest of the day." she said lightly. "I'll be in Dr. Samuels's office if you need me." She paused, then added. "And John, only extreme emergencies, please. You have my full authority to take any action you deem necessary. And tell Rodney that if he causes any trouble, I'll feed him to a Wraith."

"Yes, Maam," Sheppard replied. "We'll take care of everything. You want to take tomorrow off too?"

"I'll have to let you know about that. Carter out." She tapped the comm unit off, then pulled it from her ear, and slipped it into her breast pocket.

"That was quite a step you just took, Colonel," Samuels said lightly. "What brought that on?"

"You want the truth? I want to do that 3 or 4 times a day. Except for the big stuff, this place runs itself. It's the people that cause the problems." She paused, looking at Samuels. "And you're different than the other brain mechanics I've talked to. We both know I'm not happy, and have no idea what to do about it. But I get the impression that you might be able to offer me something the others haven't."

She looked around the patio, then looked back at Samuels. "Do you have someplace I can stretch out? I usually don't use alcohol, and these margaritas are starting to hit me. I'd like to relax and enjoy this while we talk."

"Sure," Samuels said as she stood up and walked toward the door. She led Carter inside, pointing at a wide, plush chaise off to one side of the room. "I think that chaise has your name all over it. But take your clothes off first, I have a gown you can wear. I want to do an examination anyway."

"What, no seduction?" Carter giggled.

"No, you're not ready for that yet. And I don't mean not drunk enough. We have to get you comfortable with pleasuring yourself before...let me get that gown. Go ahead and strip down, I'll be right back."

Carter sat down on the chaise, watching the other woman walking away as she unlaced her boots. She sighed happily as she pulled one, then the other off. Stuffing a sock into each boot as she pulled it off, she wiggled her toes in the thick carpet, then stood up, unbuttoning her pants and shimmying them down over her hips. She kicked one foot loose, and lifted her other leg so she could pull them off. Folding them neatly, she laid them on top of her boots at the foot of the chaise.

She opened the buttons on her fatigue blouse quickly, and was shrugging it off her shoulders when Samuels came back into the room.

"Old lady panties? Are you kidding me?" Samuels grinned as she came over, dropping a long cream colored gown across the foot of the chaise. She had changed into a loose purple lounging outfit that suited her nicely. "The sports bra is a nice touch though. Practical, but it does wonders for your tits. You're what, forty-one? I didn't look at your age in the file."

"What?" Carter gushed. "I'm thirty-six. And there's no way I look over forty. I workout, and eat right. I think I look pretty good."

"You do look good, you've got a great body just going to waste. But you do come across as the older school marm type. Which is probably why you attract the kind of men you do." Samuels said as she stepped over, taking Carter's wrist. She looked at her watch for a few seconds, then let her hand drop. "I guess that explains your lack of interest in sex though, the men you attract don't excite you, and the men that get your juices flowing are off limits."

She stepped back, looking Carter up and down slowly. "Turn around, Colonel." She said softly. "Arms out, legs shoulder width apart."

"How about you just call me Sam?" she said as she turned. "People who see me like this usually do."

"Okay, Sam. You can call me Dr. Samuels." She laughed when Carter looked back over her shoulder at her. "I'm just messing with you. You can call me Andi if you want, that's what most of my friends call me."

She stepped closer, running her hands over Sam's shoulders, out over her arms, then moving them around to pinch the soft swell of her stomach. "You can put your arms down now. You have good definition in your upper body. It's lean muscle from working, not bulky from lifting weights. Very sexy. Go ahead and take your panties off."

Sam reached down and started pushing her panties down over her hips, then froze, gasping as Samuels' hands came up, cupping and squeezing her breasts through her bra.

"Relax Sam, it's just part of the exam." Samuels said softly. She leaned closer, her lips brushing her ear as she slipped her hands under the tight sports bra, cupping Sam's bare breasts in her hands. "But while we're on the subject, have you ever had sex with another woman?"

"N...no." Sam panted, pushing her panties the rest of the way down, and kicking them off to one side. 

"That's interesting. Most of my colleagues, and quite a few of yours, think you're a lesbian." She molded Sam's breasts in her hands, feeling the weight, shape and consistency. Her fingers eased up and pinched the nipples, tracing lazy circles around the areoles. The spiky buds of Sam's nipples stiffened slowly as Andi pinched and teased them.

"Okay," she said, releasing Sam's breasts and stepping back. "Lose the bra and turn around, arms down at your sides."

Sam pulled the bra over her head, dropping it on top of her panties on the floor. She turned around, standing in front of Andi as instructed. 

"Not bad." Andi said lightly. "You're a very attractive woman, Sam. Your breasts are still firm, and don't sag at all. Your nipples are pink, the areoles small and symmetrical. You've never had children, or nursed, have you?"

"No. And I wasn't planning on it." Sam said tightly. "I...I'm not good with children." She paused. "To be honest, I really don't like them. And the idea of having to take care of one all the time, well, it makes me nauseous."

"I can understand that." Andi said. "I feel the same way, and I have two. Alright, onwards and upwards. Put your hands behind your head, and turn in a slow circle."

Sam put her hands behind her head, and turned slowly, watching Andi as she moved over and sat on the edge of the chaise. She stopped when she was facing Andi again.

"That was interesting." She said, waving Sam closer. She reached up, cupping her hand over her close cropped mons, her fingers dipping between the fleshy lips of her pussy. She detected barely a hint of moisture. "Dry as a politician wit." She muttered to herself. 

"Okay Sam, let's trying something else, lift your left leg, but keep your toes on the floor. Put your right hand on your hip, and your left hand on the side of your head. And smile."

Sam did as instructed, then gasped as Andi raised a small camera and snapped a picture of her.

"Hey what do you thi..."

Andi was fiddling with the camera, not paying any attention to her. She tapped the screen on the back a few times, then pointed at a large monitor on the wall.

"What do you see there, Sam?" She asked as she looked at the image filling the screen.

Sam looked at the screen, gasping again at what she saw. Her image smiled back at her, captured in a classic centerfold pose. She'd never spent alot of time admiring herself, or even looking at her body in the mirror, especially naked, but the woman gazing back at her made her breath catch in her throat, and sent a flutter through her pussy.

"I see me. Naked."

"Is that all?"

"Yes...well, I think I...I think I look kind of hot."

"Yes, you do. Now spread your legs a little wider, put your hands on your hips, and shake your hair out, go for that wild look." She raised the camera and snapped another picture. "Okay, turn around and spread your legs, bend over and put your hands behind your knees." She waited as Sam got into position. "No, Sam! Relax! Look back at me between your legs and shake your ass at me! Pretend I'm a guy you're trying to get turned on!"

She snapped a couple more pictures as Sam did as she was told, then stood up and moved up behind her, kneeling and sitting the camera on the floor. She put one hand on Sam's asscheek, and brought the other up between her legs. She stroked her fingers lightly between the fleshy lips of her pussy, noting that they were now darker, and swollen with blood. Spreading the inner lips of Sam's pussy, she worked two fingers slowly inside her, smiling slightly as she felt the interior of her pussy tunnel dripping with moisture.

"Hmmmmm, does posing like this excite you, Sam?" She asked as she stroked her fingers gently in and out. "You were dry as a bone a few minutes ago, and now you're dripping like the prom queen giving it up to the star quarterback!"

"I...Ungh. Ye...yes, it does." Sam panted humping her ass back at Andi's probing fingers. "I nev...I didn't think...Oh god, Andi! I think I'm going to cum!"

"Go ahead, Sam. Let it happen." Andi said, gooshing her fingers faster in and out of her juicing pussy. "Touch your clit, Sam. Fuck yourself on my fingers and play with your clit. Let's go ahead and get you off since you're so close."

Sam moved her hands from behind her knees, one dropping to the floor to support herself, the other moving between her legs. She bent her knees, shifting her feet slightly, and started rocking back and forth, working her pussy onto the Andi's stiff fingers as she stroked her own fingers over the stiff nubbin of her clit. 

Andi watched as Sam masturbated furiously, humping her ass back to fuck herself on her probing fingers. She kept her hand still, letting Sam do all the work, knowing that she would find the best rhythm on her own.

Sam grunted, jamming herself back at Andi's fingers, her fingers a blur on her clit. She threw her head back and groaned as a powerful orgasm surged over her. Her legs shook, then collapsed, and she fell to her knees, her ass jerking back at Andi's embedded fingers frantically. Wave after wave of pleasure roared over her, filling her body with a warm glow. 

Andi watched her, noting her responses with almost clinical detachment. She was getting excited herself, and considered making an approach one day, but today she just wanted to get to know Sam, and see where they needed to go. She hadn't expected anything like what she'd seen so far. She was actually very pleased at how easy it had been to get the normally tight assed colonel to loosen up.

Raising up and supporting herself on her forearm, Sam ground her pussy back onto Andi's fingers, fucking herself furiously as she ground her clit under her fingertips. She was moving back steadily, inching backwards on her knees, trying to get Andi's fingers as deep inside her as she could. 

"Ungh! Oh god, Andi! Help me!" Sam panted as she jammed her pussy back onto Andi's fingers. "I...it's so...so good! Oh god! Oh please, Andi! Fuck me!"

Samuels grinned, and started moving her fingers in time with Sam's frantic movements. On an outstroke, she let her fingers slip from Sam's pussy, making her groan, but quickly put them back in, adding another finger. She started turning them slowly as she stroked them in and out, pressing them against the roof of her clasping cunt channel, stimulating her G-spot.

Sam jerked and grunted as the third finger stretched her pussy. She felt shuddering spasms pulsing out from under Andi's stroking fingers, a sensation she'd never experienced before. She started humping her ass up higher, trying to get her to do it harder, wanting the delightful sensations to continue.

"Wh...what are you doing to me?" She groaned, her ass working in tight circles around Andi's stroking fingers. "I...I've never felt anything like that before!"

"I'm rubbing your G-spot." Andi said softly. "You've never had a G-spot orgasm I take it?"

"N...No."

Andi put her hand on Sam's asscheek, slowing her humping motions. "Ease up, Sam. Stop moving for a minute. Keep rubbing your clit, but stay still if you can. Let's make you cum a different way."

Carter groaned, but complied with Andi's instructions. She let the movements of her ass slow to a stop, and spread her legs a little wider, rocking her hips up so her pussy was pointing up at Andi. Her fingers never slowed on her clit, and it took every ounce of willpower to keep from just fucking herself silly on the other woman's fingers.

"You normally wouldn't react like this, you know." Andi said lightly as she started rubbing her fingertips in slow circles over Sam's G-spot. "I put an Athosian herb in the margaritas. I've been told that it's a very powerful aphrodisiac, and judging from your responses, I'd say that it is."

Her fingers pressed harder against Sam's G-spot, and she felt the tiny gland swelling under her fingertips. She stroked over it gently, working her fingers from edge to edge, always returning to the center, and pressing harder there.
