 Another new character is introduced. I see Demi Moore, circa the GI Jane period, as Tammy Ford.

Tammy will be a major player in the storyline.

Sorry for the spoiler...

(-)

Confirming Carter Book One Chapter Two

Day Two

Interior-Dr. Andi Samuels Office

0840 Hours

Carter woke up the next morning feeling better than she had in years. She sat up in the bed, looking around. She was still in Andi's bed, alone this time, but she smelled coffee, and knew someone was in the suite with her.

Swinging her feet over the side of the bed, she stood up, stretched her arms over her head, then bent over at the waist, touching her palms flat on the floor. She raised up slowly, then repeated the move. 

"Okay, that's weird." She said to herself. "I wasn't limber enough to do that yesterday."

She stepped over to the mirror, and ran her fingers through her hair, fluffing it up, then finger combed it out into her usual shag. Leaning in, she looked at herself closely in the mirror. She thought she could see subtle changes in her skin. Nothing major, just that the crows feet around her eyes didn't appear as prominent.

The smell of coffee in the air got her attention again, and she followed it out into Andi's office. Jennifer and Andi were sitting at the breakfast bar, both of them looking tired and worn.

"Morning girls!" Carter said brightly, as she walked into the kitchen. "How'd you two sleep? I went out like a light...and damn, I feel great!" She leaned across the counter, puckering her lips and making kissing noises. "Give us kiss! Mwwwwahh!" she said, then turned and looked around the kitchen.

She picked up the coffee pot, poured a cup, and took a sip. She made a face, and poured in a dollop of milk, then added a spoonful of sugar. Stirring it a little, she took another sip, and grimaced at the taste. She added three more spoons of sugar, and tasted it again. "Ahhhh, that's better." She muttered as she turned and looked at the two doctors. "Okay, what's the plan fo...What? Why are you looking at me like that?"

"You just put four spoonsful of sugar in your coffee." Jennifer said slowly. "You usually don't use sugar. Or milk."

"Yeah, I know." Carter said lightly. "I just got a taste for something sweet this morning." She turned and opened the freezer door and looked inside. "You got any ice cream in here?" She said over her shoulder to Andi as she poked around.

"No, I need to get some from the commissary. Sorry."

"That's okay. Would one of you call down to the mess and ask them to send up a couple quarts? French vanilla and chocolate ripple would be great!" She turned and looked at the other women. "Wanna see something kewl?" She asked. Taking a couple steps back, she put her feet together, bent over at the waist, and touched her palms to the floor again. She held the position for a few seconds, then stood up, throwing her hands out like a gymnast nailing a perfect ten landing. "Tada! I couldn't do that yesterday." 

"Come out here. Colonel. We need to take a look at you." Keller said. She slid off her stool and picked up her medical kit from the floor.

Carter came around the corner and stood in the center of the room. "Before you do anything else, Jenn, Do you have a light? Like a flashlight, or something you can light up my skin with? I thought I saw something, and I just wanna make sure."

"Sure, I have this small one in my bag." Keller said, digging around for a minute, then holding up a penlight. "Will this do?"

"Beats the hell outta me," Carter giggled. "You're the one that's gonna be using it. Come over here and look at my face, especially around the eyes, and the corners of my mouth."

"Your speech pattern is different." Samuels said softly. "It's more colloquial than usual. You tend to be more formal, even in informal settings. And you're using slang and contractions, where you normally tend to use proper English."

"And that's a bad thing, how?" Carter asked, pulling a stool out from the bar and spinning it around. She hopped up on it, and tipped her head back as Jennifer moved in front of her.

"I didn't say it was a bad thing. I just pointed out that it was different." Andi said lightly. "But it might be something we need to watch. Personality changes could be a problem."

"Good point." Sam said, nodding slowly. "Okay, Jenn. Look at the crows feet around my eyes, and the laugh lines around my mouth, and tell me if you can see any changes."

Jennifer shined the light over Sam's skin, leaning in to examine it closely. "I think you're right, Colonel. The skin around your eyes appears tighter." She reached up and ran her fingertips lightly around the corner of Carter's eye, then stretched the skin slightly, and released it. "The skin feels softer and more supple too. You haven't applied any lotions, creams, or anything like that this morning have you?"

"Nope, I fluffed up my hair a bit before I came out, but that's it." She looked back and forth between the two doctors. "Hey, can we hurry this up, or can we wait till after I hop in the shower? I'd like to freshen up a little, if you know what I mean." She gave Keller an exaggerated stage wink.

"I don't see any reason why not." Keller said, stepping over to her medical bag. She pulled several items out and sat them on the counter. "But I want a blood sample first." She pushed Carter's sleeve up, and tied a rubber strap around her upper arm. Tapping the inside of her elbow, she found a vein, and picked up the syringe, easing it into her arm. When she was satisfied it was seated properly, she pressed the vial up, and watched it fill with blood. She removed the first vial, and quickly filled two more. 

"You didn't swab that." Carter said as she watched her mark the vials and put them in her bag.

"Waste of time, this is better." Keller said offhandedly as she sprayed an antiseptic on the puncture as she removed the syringe and sat it on the counter. She held a piece of gauze over the wound for a moment, then put a drop of clear gel on it. She waved her hand over it for a few seconds, then poked it with her finger. "NuSkin. Better than band-aids for small wounds. waterproof too."

Reaching into her bag again, she pulled out two small plastic sample cups. "Spit." She said, holding one under Carter's mouth. Sam spit in the cup, and Keller put the lid on and marked it. She held the other cup out. "I want a urine sample too."

"Excellent, cuz I really gotta go!" Carter said, hopping off the stool and whipping the gown off over her head, dropping it on the floor. She grabbed the cup out of Keller's hand, and skipped down the hall toward the bathroom, disappearing inside. Her head reappeared a moment later. "Either of you wanna come with? Might be fun!" Her voice came down the hall, echoing from the confined space of the bathroom. "And I haven't heard anyone order any ice cream yet. Hellllooohhh?"

"I'm going to join her." Andi said, unbuttoning her top as she went. "She needs someone to observe her, and to make sure she's okay." She stopped, and looked at Jennifer. "Why don't you order that ice cream, and three breakfast trays, then come join us. There's plenty of room for three."

"I...wha...you can't..." Jennifer sputtered as she watched Samuels drop her pajama top to the floor as she turned into the bathroom door. She stopped, staring after her, then went over to Andi's desk and paged the mess on her comm.

"Mess hall, Sgt. Stevens." came a response after a moment. "Can I help you?"

"Yes, this is Dr. Keller. I need some food delivered to Dr. Samuels quarters. We're working with Col. Carter today, and won't be able to come down to eat."

"Yes, maam. What would you like?"

"Let's see, How about half a dozen eggs, half scrambled, half scrambled with cheese, six strips of bacon, six sausages, six biscuits, and six pieces of toast, don't butter it, but send butter up with it. Oh, and hashbrowns, or fried potatoes, whichever you have. Both if you have both."

"What kind of sausage? We have links, patties, and smoked."

"Six of each then, and gravy. Do you have any gravy today? If you do, send up a pint."

"Yes maam. Is there anything else?"

"Ice cream. We need two quarts of french vanilla, two chocolate ripple, one strawberry, and one rocky road. Can you read all that back to me?"

The mess sergeant repeated her order quickly, and she confirmed it, then added, "Oh, and if there's no answer at the door, just have them leave it outside. We'll get to it."

"Yes maam. It should be there in about fifteen minutes. Call it 0920 hours."

"Thank you." Keller said, shutting off the comm.

She looked down the hall, and thought she heard the faint sound of giggling coming from the bathroom. Curiosity got the better of her, and she crept quietly down the hall. The sounds from the bathroom got louder as she got closer.

"Oooohhh, that feels good Andi! Fuck! I love it when you rub my G-spot like that." She heard Carter gasp. "Why didn't anybody tell me about this before? Oh, oh shit! Yeah! Do it like that...Oh god!"

Keller stepped into the bathroom, her eyes going wide when she saw Carter leaning back against the wall, with Samuels kneeling between her legs, pumping her fingers slowly in and out of her pussy. She felt a shudder run through her, her own pussy fluttering and moistening at the sight of the two women together. "Oh my god." she said softly.

Carter looked up, grinning when she saw her. "Jenn! Come on in! You gotta try this G-spot thing! Oh...My...Gawwwwdddd! It is In-FUCKING-credible!"

"I...I don't kno..."

"Oh, come on! Don't be a party pooper!" She grabbed the shower wand off the wall, and held it at arms length, pointing it at Keller.

Jennifer squealed and jumped back, but a second too late. The front of her scrubs were soaked.

"Goddammit Colonel! You can't do that!" She sputtered.

"Call me Sam," Carter laughed, pointing the sprayer at her again. "Now get naked and get yer ass in here. You need a shower anyway!"

Andi looked up at Carter from between her legs, her fingers brushing lightly over the swelling bump of her G-spot. "Rub your clit, Sam. Or do you want to see if you can cum just from this?"

Carter looked down at her, then back at Keller, then down at Andi again. "Why don't you rub it for me Andi?" She purred, reaching down and wrapping her fingers in the older woman's hair, pulling her face toward her gently. "With your tongue."

Jennifer whimpered as she saw Samuels tongue slip out, then dart into the fur fringed cleft of Carter's pussy slit. She looked up, and saw that Carter was staring at her. She looked back down at Andi, then back up at Sam, and slowly lifted the hem of her scrub top, pulling it up over her head, and dropping it on the floor. She opened the front clasp on her bra, and shook it off her shoulders, making her small, pert tits bounce on her chest. The tie on her pants came loose next, and she pushed them down over her hips as she walked toward the shower stall. She pushed her panties off and stepped into the stall, taking the hand wand from Carter, and sprayed herself down quickly.

"T...try it o...on your cl...clit, Jenn!" Carter panted as she scrunched down against the wall, spreading her legs wider around Andi's hungrily sucking mouth as she bent her knees a little more. "Oh sh...shit, Andi! Yo...you're good at th...that. God! I...I think I'm gonna cum already!"

Jennifer saw a shiver run though her body, then her legs started shaking as she started cumming. "Shit!" Jennifer grunted as she saw Carter start to collapse. She just barely got her arms around her as she started to fall. Holding the colonel in her arms, she was surprised when she felt her arms slip around her neck.

"Hi, Jenn." Carter purred in her ear, then kissed her lightly on the neck. She drew her tongue slowly up under her chin, and licked at the cleft as she moved up over it.

Keller started to pull back, but she gasped suddenly as she felt Andi push her legs apart, and plant her mouth right on the hairlined lips of her pussy mound. Her tongue snaked between the fleshy labia, and darted up inside the tight ring of muscle guarding her cunt hole. Jennifer squealed, then gasped, and Carter chose that exact moment plant her lips over hers, her tongue darting into her mouth.

Jennifer tried to pull away, but Carter had her arms wrapped around her neck, and Andi had one arm wrapped around her hips. Andi's other hand was pressing up between her legs, and she could feel two stiffened fingers trying to enter her pulsing pussy. Jennifer surrendered to the dual assault. Tightening her grip on Sam, she let her own tongue slip out, lapping and lashing it over her boss's. Her legs parted of their own accord, allowing Andi full access to her juicing cunt slit. She purred into Sam's mouth as she felt the probing fingers slip up inside her, then start stroking in and out slowly.

Andi turned on her knees between the two younger women. She had two fingers of one hand firmly embedded deep inside Keller's creamy cunt hole, and she returned her other hand to Carter's wide spread pussy slit. She eased her fingers back up inside her pussy, and started moving both hands slowly in and out, then pulling them down, centering her fingertips over the twinned G-spots. She started turning her head, her tongue lapping at first one, then the other furry cunt slice, trying to pleasure both women at the same time.

Carter was kissing Jennifer hungrily, her eyes closed, her breath harsh and panting through her nose. Jennifer was equally excited, and she pressed her body forward, rubbing her tits over Sam's, enjoying the way the older woman's full, fleshy tit mounds felt against her own smaller ones. She spread her legs a little wider, bending her knees slightly and arching her hips forward at Andi's face.

Andi was stroking both women's G-spots rhythmically, whimpering as she felt them swelling slowly under her fingertips. She moved her mouth from ones drooling cunt slice to the others dripping pussy hole, her tongue licking and laving all around between each set of puffy lips, darting out to slap and slither over stiff, throbbing clits. She was tormenting them both equally, trying to get them both to cum as quickly as she could. 

Sam stiffened, and her creaming cunt channel clenched and quivered around Samuels' stroking fingers. She groaned into Keller's mouth, and her tongue went into overdrive as she dipped and darted it in and out of her mouth. Jennifer grunted as she felt Carter stiffen against her, and she squatted onto Andi's fingers, forcing them deeper into her juicing pussy hole. She started cumming with Sam as Andi locked her lips around her clit, nipping and nibbling at the tender bud eagerly.

Both women shuddered and spasmed on either side of Samuels, and she kept up her frantic licking, stroking and slurping, trying to drive them both over the top.

Jennifer cried out into Carter's mouth, then jerked back, losing her footing and barely stopping herself from falling to the floor. She fell back onto the bench seat in the corner, her ass perched on the edge, her legs spread wide apart. Samuels dove on her exposed beaver, her tongue stabbing up inside hungrily. She sucked and slurped at the tight, spasming hole for a moment, then moved her head up and plastered her lips around the twitching bud of her clit. She sucked at it, munching it between her lips as she eased three fingers up inside Keller's clasping cunt hole. She found the swollen bump of her G-spot, and started stroking it gently in time with the sucking action of her lips.

Keller screamed as her pussy erupted under Samuels combined oral and digital onslaught, and steaming girl cum sprayed from her quivering cunt hole, soaking Andi's face, and running in pearly ribbons down over her heaving breasts. Jennifer finally couldn't take anymore, and pushed Andi away, slipping off the bench and curling into a ball on the shower floor.

Andi stood up, and Sam opened her arms, smiling as the older woman stepped into them, sliding her own arms down around her waist. They kissed lightly, and Sam licked the sticky girl cum from her cheeks and chin. 

"Wow, she tastes good!" Sam giggled. "I'm gonna have to munch on that muff myself, sometime soon!"

Andi laughed, and hugged her tighter, then relaxed her grip and started to pull away, but Carter held her in place.

"You haven't cum yet." She said. 

Andi grinned. "Yeah, I did! I was cumming like crazy doing both of you at the same time! Damn, Sam! You were right, That was fun!"

Carter laughed with her, and hugged her tight, rocking them back and forth. They both looked down when they heard Jennifer groan. Carter let go of Andi, and grabbed the hand wand, pointing it down at Jennifer. "Hey Jenn, you okay down there?" She hosed her down, working the spray up and down over her body. She looked at Andi, arching one eyebrow and holding up the sprayer.

Andi stepped back, holding her arms up, and Sam sprayed her up and down. She moved the nozzle between her legs, and Andi squatted, spreading her pussylips, and rocked her hips back and forth over the spray. Taking another step back and to the side, she moved under the main shower and rinsed quickly. She reached out and grabbed a towel, and started drying herself as she stepped from the stall.

"Why don't you see if you can get her up and going." She said to Sam as she moved toward the door. "I'm gonna check on the food!"

Carter laughed, then dropped to her knees, brushing the hair away from Keller's face. "How ya doin' down there Jenn?" She asked. "Think you can get going on yer own, or you gonna need help?

Jennifer opened one eye, and she smiled wistfully. "I could use a hand getting up, but I'll be okay on my own after that." She rolled over onto her knees, and held her hand out. Carter got to her feet, and reached down, taking her hand and pulling her to her feet. She guided her into her arms, and kissed her lightly, then stepped back and moved under the shower spray. Scrubbing herself quickly, she watched Jennifer the whole time.

"We'll check on you if we don't see you in a few minutes, okay?" She said as she took a towel from the rack, and started drying herself. When she saw Jennifer nod, she stepped from the stall and left the bathroom.

Keller slumped against the wall, unable to believe what had just happened. She had never had a lesbian experience, and she was stunned that when she did, it was a threesome. She finally pushed away from the wall, and stepped under the shower, rinsing off quickly. She decided that she could take a longer shower when she got back to her quarters. Turning off the water, she got the last towel from the rack, and walked out of the bathroom, drying herself as she went down the hall to Andi's office.

Interior-Dr. Andi Samuels Office

0945 Hours

Samuels saw the message light on the comm flashing as she walked into her office. She pressed the play button, and the message began.

"Dr. Keller, this is Sgt Stevens in the mess. We had a mix up, and your order never got sent out. We're sorry about that, and we're putting it together now. Everything you ordered is being made fresh, so it should be nice and hot when it gets there. We're sorry for the inconvenience. Your order should be there no later than 0950 hours."

She glanced at the clock, and grinned when she saw that it was just rolling over onto 9:48 AM. Just then, the door chimed.

"Wow, talk about timing." She muttered as she moved toward the door. She was about to press the door release, when she caught sight of herself in the wall mirror beside the door. She was naked, her hair still dripping from the shower. Looking around the room, she spotted the gown Sam had dropped, and scooped it up, pulling it over her head and smoothing it down over her body. Shaking her hair out, she hit the door control, and it slid open.
