 Sam and Tammy begin to grow closer, and Sam begins showing new symptoms from the korathis.

(-)

Confirming Carter Book One Chapter Four

Day Four

Interior-Bedroom

0310 Hours

Tammy felt Sam snuggle up close behind her, her arm pressing into her back as she ground her pussy mound against her ass. She could feel Sam's hand trapped between her ass and her own pussy as she humped against her.

"Mmmmm", she purred. "That feels nice." She wiggled her ass back at Sam, making her moan as she humped her pussy harder against it.

She reached down between her own legs, letting her fingers dip into the clean shaved cleft of her pussy, stroking them up and down lazily. She felt herself moistening as she caressed herself.

Sam was humping against her more urgently, and suddenly, she shuddered, stiffened for a moment, then relaxed. But she didn't move away, or stop playing with herself as they lay together in the dimly lit room. 

Tammy drew her fingers up through her now damp pussy slit. She spread the slippery juices over the fleshy folds of her pussylips, then teased herself by pulling and squeezing them between her fingers. She moaned softly in her throat.

"Ar...are you..." Sam panted, her hand picking up speed again as she ground her fingers onto her clit. She pressed her body harder against Tammy.

"Uh huh," Tammy whispered. "Don't stop. I want to feel you."

"Oh god!" Sam grunted, stiffening against her again.

Tammy felt a small spurt of warm liquid on her ass, and Sam began jerking against her even more frantically. She moved her fingers up over her own clit, strumming it lightly, purring softly.

"Ruh...roll over." Sam grunted. leaning into her back, trying to force her over onto her belly. 

Tammy eased over, and Sam followed her, sliding up onto her and straddling her leg. She laid out on top of her, sliding her body back and forth over Tammy's back as she settled her pussy mound onto the back of her leg and started rocking back and forth on it. 

Tammy got her own hand back under her, and started working her fingers faster on her clit. She humped her ass back at Sam, And Sam responded by jerking and humping even harder against her, whimpering steadily as she worked herself toward her climax.

She stiffened again, and Tammy felt a gush of warm girl cum soak her thigh as Sam gasped, then fell limp on top of her.

Tammy froze, her breath catching in her throat. She lay quietly under her, then relaxed as she felt Sam's heart beating rapidly, but strongly against her back. She could hear that her breathing was slowing, settling into a steady rhythm. She had passed out from her climax, and moved right into sleep.

Raising up slightly, Tammy moved her hand out from under herself, then lay still again, waiting to see if she had disturbed Sam. When she didn't move, she reached back with one hand and eased Sam's hand out from between their bodies, bringing it up so it lay alongside her. Moving her hands up under her head, she rested her cheek on them as she lay listening to her breathe.

She was asleep again in less than a minute.

Interior-Bedroom

0440 Hours

Tammy felt Sam shift on top of her, then slide off and snuggle up against her. 

"I love you." she heard her whisper. 

Her breathing became slow and regular as she went right back to sleep.

I love you too, Tammy thought, and let herself drift back into sleep.

Interior-Bedroom

0650 Hours

"I'm hungry." Sam said quietly, tracing little patterns on Tammy's back with her finger.

"I was wondering when you were going to say something." She stretched in place, and when Sam raised up, she rolled over and held her arms out to her.

Sam snuggled in, letting her head rest lightly on her breasts. "You shave too." She said, running her hand down between Tammy's legs, stroking the soft smooth skin gently. She looked up at her. "Will you cook me breakfast again?"

Tammy nodded. "I have to take a shower first. Somebody pee'd on me while I was asleep."

Sam blushed and buried her face in her breasts. "I'm sorry." She said, her voice muffled by the full, firm mounds.

"It's okay. I liked it." She eased Sam off of her and rolled over to the side of the bed. "I love this bed, but it's a bitch to get out of." She laughed.

"Nah, it's easy! You just do this." Sam said, jumping to her feet and bouncing, once, twice, then off the end of the bed.

"You're gonna break your neck doing that." Tammy said. "Gimme a couple minutes. I'll be right back."

"Can I come with?" Sam asked.

Tammy held her hand out, and Sam ran over, taking it in her own. 

They went into the bathroom, and Tammy turned on the shower while Sam sat down to pee. She finished quickly, and removed her tampon, dropping it in the toilet, and flushing before she stood up.

"We need to get some more tampons. I left this one in way too long as it was. I should have changed it before I went to bed." Sam said as she stood up, walked over and got in the shower. She turned under the spray, then wet her hair, pumped out a palm full of soap and started lathering it up.

"Tampons are in the medicine cabinet. Jenn didn't know what kind you used, so she got three different ones." Tammy said as she sat on the toilet. "Your flow must be light. I didn't notice any spotting on the bed."

"It'll be heavier today, then lighten up tomorrow. I'll be done tomorrow night. the next morning at the latest." Sam said as she stuck her head under the spray, running her fingers through her hair, rinsing it quickly. She looked over at Tammy. "You coming in?"

"I'll wait, you're almost done."

"There's room for both of us." Sam said, picking up a wash mitt and running it over her shoulders. "I could wash your back." She said, holding up the mitt.

"Okay, but just washing. We both have things we need to get done today." Tammy said as she stepped into the shower. She turned around, wetting herself down, then turned her back to Sam. "And I want to get some food in you. You didn't eat very much last night."

Sam started washing her back, soaping her up quickly. Then she wrapped her arms around her, and started sliding her body over the soft, soapy skin on Tammy's back.

"Huh uh, don't even start." Tammy said, stepping away and turning around. She took the mitt from Sam and slipped it on, put more soap on it, and washed quickly. She rinsed off, gave the mitt back to Sam, grabbed a towel as she stepped out of the shower, and started drying off. "Come on," She said, looking at Sam. "I want some coffee, and I was thinking about biscuits and gravy. How's that sound to you?"

"Okay, I guess." Sam said, running the mitt over herself. She was washing halfheartedly, looking down at the floor. 

Tammy stepped back into the shower and took the mitt from her. "Turn around." She said. "Put your hands against the wall and spread your legs, like I'm frisking you."

Sam did as instructed, and Tammy began running the mitt over her, running it back and forth in slow sweeping strokes over her back, down over the full, firm cheeks of her ass, then dropping onto one knee to wash her legs. Sam purred as she lifted her feet and scrubbed each one slowly.

Standing up, she reached around her, running the mitt under her arms, and over the front of her shoulders, down over her breasts, lingering there for a long moment, then moving down over the gentle swell of her stomach. Her hand kept moving down, and she soaped up the soft, crinkly hairs of her pubes, then eased down between her legs.

"Do you want to cum?" She asked softly.

Sam shook her head, and Tammy stroked her hand back and forth a few more times, then withdrew it, dragging it slowly up her body, and around her back.

"Rinse off, I'll get you a towel."

She let the mitt drop to the floor, then stepped out of the shower. She got Sam a fresh towel, and held it out to her as she stepped out. She picked up her own towel and started drying off again.

"I wasn't rejecting you." She said gently.

"I know." Sam said, drying herself slowly, not looking at her.

"But something's wrong."

Sam shrugged, then looked up at her, dropping her eyes almost immediately. "I feel fine. I'm...I just feel...I don't know. Sad." She looked up at her again, holding her gaze this time. "It just came up. One second I was fine. Then I was...sad."

Tammy nodded and went over, taking her in her arms and holding her. "We'll call Andi. Maybe she can help. Are you still hungry?"

Sam nodded into her shoulder.

"Okay, let's get you dressed, you're dry enough." She eased herself away from Sam. "Do you need help with the tampon?"

Sam shook her head again.

"I'm going to go get your clothes ready. I'll be back if you're not out in a couple minutes. Okay?"

Sam just nodded again. 

Tammy kissed her on the forehead and went out into the bedroom. She got out a sports bra and a tank top, and two pairs of panties, one of Sam's, and one of hers, so she could choose. 

"I need a panty liner when you come out." She listened, but there was no response.

She went back into the bathroom and found Sam sitting on the toilet, staring at the floor. Tammy knelt down in front of her, lifting her head gently. Sam just stared at her. 

"Sam? Can you hear me?" But Carter still just stared at her.

"Sam?" She said louder, shaking her gently. "SAM! Can you hear me?" There was still no response.

Tammy got her to her feet, then lifted her, carried her back into the bedroom, and laid her gently on the bed.

She ran into the living room, and hit two buttons at the same time on the comm. "Andi, Jenn...Are you on?" Her finger hovered over the emergency button.

"I'm on," Andi said, followed a moment later by Jennifer.

"Something is wrong with Sam. Physically, she appears fine, but she's unresponsive. She was fine when we woke up, but something happened, I don't know what, and now she's...would you come up here please? I need help."

"I'm on the way." They said at the same time.

Tammy went back into the bedroom. Sam hadn't moved, and Tammy slid onto the bed next to her. Taking her in her arms, she held her, rocking back and forth slowly.

Andi and Jennifer came in a moment later, and Tammy moved back, kneeling on the bed as the doctors started examining Carter. Jenn was looking at her tablet. "Vitals are fine. There's nothing wrong with her physically. Andi, this is all you."

Andi nodded. "Can you give us few minutes?" She said, looking at Tammy.

Tammy started to object. 

"No." Andi said firmly. "You're too close. Jenn, get her out of here."

Jennifer moved over next to Tammy. "Come on, Tammy. Let's go in the kitchen. We can make breakfast. Come on, Sam's going to be fine, but we need to give Andi a little time. Come on now."

Tammy looked at her, and Jennifer paled when she saw the pain in her eyes.

Jennifer took her hand and led her off the bed, then out of the room. As they walked slowly through the living room, Jennifer stopped her and picked up a gown from the back of the couch. She slipped it over Tammy's head, got her arms in the sleeves, and smoothed it out on her. They continued on to the kitchen, and Keller watched her closely the whole way.

Tammy went over to the counter and started a pot of coffee, then started pulling out pans from under the counter, flour from the pantry, bacon, eggs, and sausage from the refrigerator.

"She said she was hungry," She mumbled. "I told her I'd make her biscuits and gravy this morning."

"You two aren't kidding. About the girlfriend thing." Jennifer said. It wasn't a question.

Tammy shook her head.

"Do you love her?"

Tammy nodded as she started mixing ingredients in a bowl.

"Are you in love with her?"

Tammy shook her head. Then Keller heard her whisper, "Not yet."

Tammy got out a baking sheet and started dropping biscuits on it. She sat it off to the side, opened a door and turned the oven on, and closed the door again. She touched the front of the counter, and a section of it next to the sink started to glow.

"Wow." Jennifer said. "I didn't know it did that."

Tammy nodded, moving a pan onto the heat, and started crumbling sausage into it.

"Both sides of this sink are burners. The ones on either side of the other sink are chill pads. For a party I guess." Tammy said as she got the milk from the fridge.

"What's she doing in there, Jennifer? Would you go check?" She asked, fighting back tears.

"I don't know if I should leave you alone right now, Tammy." Jennifer said as she came over and stood beside her. "Andi will take good care of her. In the meantime, can you tell me what happened? Start when you woke up."

"I...I'll have to go back before that." Tammy said softly, and Jennifer had to lean close to hear her. "She woke up, and made love to me." She glanced at Jennifer. "Not like...you know, but what she did with Andi the first night. But she was making love to me in her own way. I could feel it."

Jennifer nodded. "Then what happened?"

"She passed out, and slipped into sleep on top of me. Her heartbeat and breathing were fine. I went back to sleep a little later."

She stirred the sausage, breaking up the bigger chunks with her spoon.

"She woke up an hour later, maybe more...it wasn't two, and moved off of me, but she snuggled in close." She glanced at Keller. "She does that. She likes me to hold or touch her when she sleeps, it makes her feels safe." She glanced at Jennifer again. "She's scared. And for her, after what she's been through..."

She stirred the sausage again, then turned down the heat, and poured a couple of big glugs of milk into the pan, then added two handfuls of flour. She stirred it slowly, then turned suddenly, throwing the spoon on the floor.

"Don't you leave me Sam Carter. Don't you dare." She said softly. "I swear to god, if you leave me, I'll follow you, and find you wherever you go."

She stared at the wall, and Jennifer came up behind her, touching her lightly on the shoulder.

Tammy shook her off, and bent down to pick up the spoon. She rinsed it off under the tap, and went back to stirring the gravy. Opening the door under the counter, she checked the oven, then reached over and picked up the baking sheet. Sliding it into the oven, she tapped a screen several times, then closed the door again.

"She's been showing me how to work stuff." She said quietly.

"Tammy?" Andi called.

She as out of the room before Keller heard the end of her name, moving at a dead run. Jennifer took the pan off the heat, because she didn't know how to turn it off, then followed.

Tammy was holding Sam in her arms, and Andi was walking toward her as she came into the room. Andi shook her head, taking her arm and leading her out of the room.

"What happened?" Keller asked as soon as they were out of the room. "How did you get her to come around?"

"I don't have any idea. If you want the truth, I don't think it I did. I did a quick exam, talking to her the whole time. Physically, she responded perfectly, but she was gone, Jenn. There wasn't anybody home in there. I don't know where she went." She shrugged. "Then, a minute or so ago, her eyes cleared, and she asked for Tammy. That's when I called."

Keller's eyes went wide, and Andi looked at her. "What? What di..."

Jennifer held her finger to her lips, and pulled her over to the porter. She tapped in the symbols for the porter near her quarters. When the doors opened, she stepped out. 

"Tammy did it." She said as she palmed the pad for her door. She stepped in and turned around. 

"What? What are you talking about?"

"Tammy was cooking, and suddenly, she turned and told Sam not to leave her, that she would follow and find her if she did. A moment later, you called for her." She made an "X" on her chest. "Cross my heart, Andi. She HEARD her. And she came back from wherever it is she was. Tammy brought her back."

"I don't know if I can believe that Jennifer." Andi said. "And I definitely don't like it. And I don't like that woman either. I think she's a bad influence. I think we..."

"No, Andi. That's not going to happen." She brushed the leftovers from her backpack off onto the floor, and motioned for her to sit. "I talked to Sam about letting you go last night, and she said no. She said that Tammy thought that you were going to be a valuable member of the team, and that she should give you and her time to work out your issues. She's not stabbing you in the back Andi."

"You want to fire me? This is my case, I brou..."

"Andi, I'm the Chief Medical Officer of Atlantis. I can fire anybody I want. And you know why I was thinking about removing you. Tammy was right, you fly by the seat of your pants, and that's no way to practice medicine." She paused, giving her a chance to object. "But Sam wants you to stay, she likes you, and she insisted that she has faith in you. Don't let her down Andi. She needs us at our best, so I need you to put your game face on and get with the program. Can you do that?"

Andi nodded. "Yes, I can do that. I'll stay out of the hands on medicine, and stick to what I know. I'll do better, Jennifer."

"Okay. We need to get back over there." She said as she stood up. "I left the burner on because I didn't know how to turn it off. I want to get back before the place burns down." 

She stopped suddenly. "There's one other thing. They love each other, and it's a very deep bond. You've seen how Sam responds to her, and you just saw how Tammy reacted when she couldn't help her." She shook her head. "I don't think they're in love yet, but I'm pretty sure it's gonna happen. So you watch your ass there. Because I think Samantha Carter would cheerfully toss both our asses off the roof of her citadel before she lets anything happen to her girlfriend."

Going back out to the porter, they were back in Sam's suite moments later. They went into the bedroom, and found it empty. They went into the kitchen, and found Tammy standing at the stove stirring a pan of eggs. Sam was sitting at the table wolfing down a plate of biscuits and gravy, and didn't even look up at them.

"Hey, where did you two go? And why did you leave the burner on?" Tammy asked when she noticed them.

"I had to get something from my quarters, and Andi went with me." Jennifer said, taking down a cup and pouring herself a cup of coffee. "I didn't know how to turn off the burner. I couldn't find the controls."

"That looks good, Tammy. Can I get some?" Andi asked.

"Grab a plate. Family doesn't have to ask." She said, not turning around. "But you have to wash dishes if you don't cook."

She turned around, and Andi had to stepped out of the way of the pan. She scooped a big pile of eggs out onto Sam's plate, and put the pan back on the stove. "Want some more gravy?" she asked Sam.

Carter nodded. "Ana bizgit."

Keller and Samuels glanced at each other. Tammy saw them, and shook her head.

Tammy dipped a big ladle into a bowl of gravy and poured two scoops over her eggs, then sat the bowl on the counter and moved a plate of biscuits over onto the table.

She took her usual place next to Sam, pulled her plate closer, and dug out a fork full of eggs. Carter looked at her out of the corner of her eye, and her hand moved over toward her. Tammy closed her hand over it, and they both continued eating.

Andi and Jennifer both got plates and sat down. They ate quietly for a few minutes, when Sam said, "Sumbowy tawk." She paused and took a breath. "Nah abouw me."

Andi and Jennifer looked at her, then at each other. After a moment Andi said, "So, how 'bout those Cubs?"

Sam burst out laughing, spraying a mouthful of eggs across the table. Suddenly, they were all laughing, and didn't stop for a very long time.

Interior-Carter's Suite

0940 Hours

They were in one of the small bedrooms in Sam's suite, and she was stretched out on one of the beds. The portable scanner was set up on its track over the bed, and Tammy was operating the controls as it moved over her.
