 Bra'Tac arrives in Atlantis, and brings an unexpected companion. The starship Apollo arrives, and Col. Ellis gets an unpleasant surprise...

(-)

Confirming Carter Book Two Daedalus

Chapter Four

Three days later

Interior-Bedroom

0640 Hours

"Let's just stay in bed, and make love all day." Tammy said as she ran her tongue up over the back of Carter's leg. She kept moving up, moving over and spreading the cheeks of her ass, letting her tongue dip into the musky smelling crack.

"Ooooohhh, don't do that!" Sam protested, trying to squeeze her butt cheeks together. "I haven't had a shower. I'm all dirty back there."

"Mmmmmmm, your scent is delightful. I know you want it. I can smell how excited you are." Tammy laughed huskily. "Your mouth says no, but your little pussy says, yes...yes...yes!!"

She dragged her tongue up the crease of Sam's bottom again, making her moan and arch her hips back at her, forcing her ass up at Tammy's face as she relaxed and let her asscheeks open under the pressure of Tammy's fingers.

"I'm going to lick your asshole, Sam." Tammy purred as she dragged her tongue over the smooth, fragrant flesh. She ran the tip around the puckered pink ring, not touching it, then spread her cheeks wider and dipped down to lap at the fur fringed slit of her pussy.

"Noooooo, please don't." Carter whimpered, her face buried in her arms. She spread her legs wider, and her ass pushed back at Tammy's face.

"Yes, I'm going to do it, Sam. I'm going to stick my tongue up your ass now." Tammy whispered. Her tongue darted out, stabbing at the tight, wrinkled ring of muscle, then moved in lazy circles around the outer rim.

"Please, Tammy." Carter whimpered.

"Please what, Sam?" Tammy gasped into her ass. "Don't you want me to lick your asshole? You don't want to feel my..."

"Sam?" Andi's voice came from the comm. "Can you and Tammy come in the kitchen please? I've got coffee going."

"Nnnnuunnngggghhh!" Carter grunted as Tammy drove her tongue roughly against the tender rosette of her ass.

Tammy pulled away, glaring at the comm unit, then crawled up over the bed and hit the speaker button.

"Andi, do you remember that us time we talked about? We'll be with you in a couple of hours."

"I remember, but I also remember saying that I wanted you to do that in the middle of the day." Samuels laughed. "We have things we need to get done Tammy. So come on, get moving."

"I told you you shouldn't have put that thing in here." Carter laughed as she rolled off the bed. "I have to pee. Come brush your teeth. And use mouthwash too."

"Bitch." Tammy muttered as she smacked the comm button. She rolled across the bed and got to her feet, following Sam into the bathroom.

Carter was standing at the sink brushing her teeth when she came into the bathroom. Tammy walked up behind her and tried to turn her around, but she pulled away.

"Huh uh. You're not kissing me with that mouth till you brush your teeth. And use this." She laughed, holding up a bottle of mouthwash. "Twice." She rinsed, then kissed her on the cheek, and went out into the bedroom.

"I just can't win this morning." Tammy said to herself as she sat on the toilet.

Carter walked across the living room and went into the kitchen. She stopped when she saw O'Neill, Sheppard and Caldwell sitting at the table.

"You could have said we had company, Andi." She grinned as she stepped back through the door. "Would someone make us coffee? Big cup, heavy cream, four sugars. We'll be right with you."

She went back to the bedroom, and met Tammy coming out of the door, as naked as she was.

"Get dressed, we have company." She laughed. "I already flashed Jack. I don't know if his heart can take seeing you too." She stepped into Tammy's arms, kissing her lightly, then more eagerly.

"I still think we should just stay in bed all day." Tammy said as they finally broke apart. "We haven't had a day off in weeks."

"Soon, I promise. I'll change the codes, we'll turn off the comms, and just spend a day, you and me. But right now I think they want to talk to us."

Interior-Kitchen

0720 Hours

"What's so important that you couldn't let us sleep a little longer, Andi?" Tammy asked, scooping another spoonful of sugar into her coffee.

"You weren't sleeping, Tammy. And we have..." Samuels said.

"You're comm is on vox." Sheppard said, blushing slightly.

"We weren't listening." O'Neill said. He grinned at Carter. "Well, I wasn't, but I think Caldwell was."

"NO! I was..." Caldwell sputtered.

"We'll get it fixed." Samuels said. "For god's sake, will you grow up?"

She turned to Carter. "We heard from Teal'c, Master Bra'tac will be coming in today. We're expecting him to be here before ten. They were moving his things to the gate, and he should be ready soon."

"I've moved Gen. O'Neill over to the east tower already. I was going to put Master Bra'tac in the suite on the same floor, but Jack thinks it would be better to put them together. It appears that Teal'c agrees."

"There's more than enough room in that barn she put me in for both of us." O'Neill said. "And Bra'tac is used to living with other people. He has five people living with him on Chulak, in half the space we'll have. And he's going to need someone to show him how everything works. Besides, if we share a place, it'll be easier to plot against you."

"Plot away, Jack." Carter laughed. "Just make sure it's something useful."

Interior-Gateroom

0950 Hours

They were stepping out of the porter as the vortex erupted from the gate, and Carter picked up her pace, wanting to be ready when Bra'tac came through the gate. 

Teal'c stepped through the gate alone, bowing slightly when he saw Carter and Tammy.

"Where is Master Bra'tac, Teal'c?" Carter asked. "He is coming, isn't he?"

"Master Bra'tac is having...difficulties." Teal'c said with a smile. "He will be with us shortly. They seem to be having a disagr..."

Just then, a small boy ran through the gate, followed by Bra'tac.

"Dal ma'kalmah. Shel'tii!" Bra'tac was saying as he stumbled through the gate behind him.

"No, my child, wait." Teal'c said quietly to Carter as he stepped up beside her.

Tammy stepped to one side and blocked the boy's path, squatting down in front of him and holding him gently.

The boy squirmed, glaring at her. "Unhand me woman! I am Geraan of the Jaffa, a great and mighty warrior!"

"Cease Geraan!" Bra'tac shouted. "Do not embarrass me further, kalmah!"

He turned to Carter, bowing, then began to drop to one knee. She stopped him, bringing him up and embracing him.

"No old friend, you kneel to no one." She said quietly. She stepped back, smiling over at the boy. "And who is this fearsome warrior you've brought with you? An addition to my army perhaps?"

"My apprentice, and trenkalmah. My grandchild. He insisted that he accompany me, to protect me." Bra'tac smiled. "I was unable to refuse."

"So I see." She said. 

She turned and knelt beside Tammy, looking at the boy.

"Tell me, Geraan. Why have you come to Atlantis?" She asked him. "Besides protecting Master Bra'tac, of course."

"We come to serve the warrior queen." The boy said, breaking away from Tammy, and drawing himself up to his full three and a half foot height. "She summons my master for his wisdom!"

"Indeed. Master Bra'tac is one of the wisest men I know." She said, glancing over her shoulder, and smiling at Bra'tac. "He and Gen. O'Neill will guide me as I..."

"You?" Geraan gasped, stepping back and falling to his knees, prostrating himself in front of her.

"Stand Geraan. A warrior, especially a Jaffa, does not kneel." She said as she helped him up. She glanced back at Bra'tac, then back at the boy. "Perhaps your master will allow my consort and I to assist in your training. There are many things you must learn if you are to lead my armies someday."

"You left your guards." Ronin said as he stopped behind the boy.

Carter looked up at him and grinned. "Whoops?"

Geraan spun around, his eyes going wide as he looked up at Ronin. He dropped into a fighting stance, his face setting in a scowl.

"Back beast!" He said menacingly as he stepped forward.

Carter laughed as she put her hand on his shoulder. "Easy Geraan. This is Ronin, the guardian of my realm, and my protector. He will be another of your teachers."

Ronin looked down at the boy, then growled. Geraan flinched, but stood his ground, not taking his eyes off of him.

"He'll do." Ronin said, looking down at him.

"Good." Carter said, then looked down at the boy. "Geraan, would you like to see where you and Master Bra'tac will be living? I'm sure Gen. O'Neill will be happy to meet you."

"Indeed." Teal'c said. "I believe I shall accompany you. To assist Bra'tac and Geraan in getting settled."

"Indeed." Carter laughed.

Interior-Conference Room

1425 Hours

"Colonel Sheppard, the Apollo just dropped out of hyperspace on the other side of the system. They're holding position eighty diameters out."

"Affirmative. Keep me posted if they move." Sheppard said. "Apollo just dropped out of hyperspace." He said to Carter and Caldwell.

They were in the conference room of the Central Tower. Caldwell had been reviewing their plans to take the Apollo when it arrived.

"Looks like we put your plan into action sooner than expected, Steven." Carter said. She looked over at Sheppard. "Do you really think you can pull this off?"

Sheppard nodded. "Now that we have the Daedalus equipped with the cloaking technology, they'll never know we're coming. Caldwell is right though, we're gonna have to be sitting right on top of them when we start beaming people out."

He looked over at Caldwell. "This is a nice touch, beaming the crew off as we take the bridge. Ellis will never expect that. Are you sure your people can put them into the holds safely? I'd hate to materialize someone inside a wall, or between decks."

"Marks can stand a dime between a pair of graham crackers on a table. I've seen him do it." Caldwell said. "We can put those people into Daedalus' holds, no problem."

"Okay. Get your people together and get in position. And you use stunners and zats when you move them, no firearms. We're not going to kill these people. We just want the ship. Is that clearly understood?"

"Yes, colonel." They both answered as they moved toward the door.

"And good luck." She called as they left the room.

"Now we wait." She said to Tammy. "I wonder what Ellis has in mind."

The answer wasn't long in coming.

Interior-Apollo Bridge

1535 Hours

"Incoming message from Apollo, colonel." The Ops tech said, looking up at her. "Daedalus reports that they're in position."

"Send it to the conference room, Chuck." Carter said as she turned and trotted across the short space between them. 

"...Atlantis this is Apollo. Atlantis this is Apollo. Respond please." Abraham Ellis said, leaning back in his command chair

"This is Atlantis, Apollo. Col. Ellis. We weren't expecting you. What can we do for you?" She said casually.

"I'm surprised to hear you as well, Col. Carter. I was advised that you had resigned your command, and your commission, and that Col. Sheppard was currently in command of Atlantis."

"Neither the Pentagon, nor the IOA have accepted my resignations, and since Dr. Keller has declared me fit for duty, I have resumed command." She paused. "I can send you the supporting documents if you like."

"No thank you, colonel. That won't be necessary." Ellis said. "My orders are to arrest Col. Sheppard, Dr. Keller, and Dr. Samuels, and secure Atlantis by whatever means necessary."

"Whatever means necessary." Carter said slowly. "That sounds very unfriendly, Abe. Why don't you bring the Apollo down, we can sit, talk, and come to an agreement. I'm willing to work with you."

"I'm glad to hear that, colonel." Ellis replied. "Then if you would be kind enough, put Col. Sheppard, Dr. Keller, and Dr. Samuels in a jumper, and when I have them in custody, lower the shield and surrender control of the city to my representatives. Once I am assured that Atlantis is under my control, I'd be happy to come down and speak with you."

"I see." Carter said. "Would you mind telling me what my military commander, chief medical officer, and a staff member are charged with?"

"You know very well what they're charged with colonel. All three are charged with mutiny, and conspiracy to commit mutiny. I'm still trying to figure out why you're name isn't on that list." Ellis said. "Now I'm afraid I have to demand that you surrender them, lower the shield, and await my representatives."

"Abe, I can't do that. I am the legally appointed commander of the Atlantis expedition, unless you have orders relieving me of that command. From my point of view, what you are doing is a hostile act, and I am well within my rights to fire on you. Do you have any such orders in your possession? If you do, would you transmit them please?"

"Col. Carter, the information I have is that Col. Sheppard was in temporary command of Atlantis, and while in that position, illegally seized control of the city. My orders are to secure the city, and arrest the conspirators. Are you going to comply willingly, or am I going to have to use force?"

"No need to use force, Abe." Carter said lightly. "But I have a better idea. I think I'll just take your ship."

"And just how did you pla..." Ellis began to say as he was beamed off the bridge and into one of the Daedalus holds.

"The ship is secure, colonel." Sheppard said a few moments later as he dropped into the command chair. "We're coming home. We'll hold orbit at three diameters until we can go through and see what they're packing."

"Good job, John. Standby." Carter said with a smile as she looked at the screen on her laptop. "Caldwell reports they have two hundred and thirty-four souls safely aboard. Bring our people home." 

Interior-Conference Room

1715 Hours

The glare of an Asgard beam flared near the door of the conference room. When it faded, Col. Ellis of the Apollo was standing surrounded by four marines carrying stunners.

"Col. Ellis." Carter said, not getting up from her seat at the far end of the table. "Come in. Have a seat please." 

A marine led him to a seat in the middle of the table, well down from her. There were two cases sitting on the table in front of him.

"I'm sorry we have to meet under these conditions, Abe. I really am." Carter said. "I'm pretty sure that I'm ending your career. But I didn't have any choice."

"What's going to happen to my crew?" Ellis asked, looking down the table at her.

"You and your crew will be returned to Earth as soon as we're finished talking. They are still safely aboard the Daedalus. Caldwell allowed you to confirm for yourself that they were all safe, and uninjured?"

"Yes, thank you. The only thing hurt was my pride. I landed on my ass in that hold." He said.

Carter tried not to smile, but didn't succeed.

"Before I send you home, I'd like to ask for your help."

"What kind of help, and why would I do that, after what you've just done?" 

"What I've just done is defend my home against a hostile force. And what I want you to help me do is send a gift. A peace offering if you will."

"I don't understand, colonel." Ellis said. "Can we just get to the point?"

"Of course. Open the green case." she said.

Ellis pulled the case over in front of him and popped the latches. He threw the lid back, and his eyes got wide as he stared at the contents.

"Is that a..."

"Yes, it's a drone. There are fifty pallets of them stacked in the gateroom, two hundred to a pallet." She said. 

"I thought all the drones had been used fending off a Wraith attack, three years ago." Ellis said. He reached out and started to pick it up, but stopped when she cleared her throat.

"It has a bit of a static charge, and can give you a nasty burn." She said. "We restocked our supplies of drones. The ones we're going to give you are leftovers. And before you ask where we got them, we made them. Here, in Atlantis."

"What's in the other case?" He asked.

"Open it." She said.

He pulled the other case closer and eased the lid back this time. He looked down the table at her, holding his hand out toward the case.

She nodded, and he picked up the ZPM, turning it in his hand.

"This has a full charge."

"Yes, have you been briefed on my STM bridge research?"

"Yes, is that how you did it? You charged this using that technology?"

She nodded. "I'm not going to tell you, or the IOA how I did it. I am, however, open to trade."

"What kind of trade? And on what scale?" Ellis asked.

"Goods, technology, licensing, services, we're open to everything." She said. "I'd like to start small though. That charged ZPM for five depleted ones."

"And the drones you mentioned?"

"Like I said, a gift, or a peace offering." Carter said. "After you and your crew have been transferred to Earth, we'll give you the address for a space gate to send the depleted ZPM's to. Ask them to put them in a bag, or a case if you would, picking up loose objects in space is a pain in the ass. Once we receive them, we'll send the drones to any gate address the SGC specifies, so they can be inspected with no threat to Earth."

"What about my ship?" He asked.

"I'm going to keep it. I took it fair and square." She said lightly. "And I keep what I kill. That's the way we play here in Pegasus."

"They won't stand for that. They'll come after you with everything they've got." He said.

"And that would be nothing. Both the IOA's active ships are now part of the Atlantian navy. You won't have another ship come off the line for almost a year, and that's if they gear up production and work three shifts."

She sat forward in her chair, warming to her subject.

"Only two races had intergalactic ships in the Milky Way, and most of the Gua'uld's were destroyed, the rest are in the hands of the Jaffa, who aren't going to give them to you. The Asgard gave you the technology to build my new ships, but they think that this is an internal dispute, and don't want to get involved. Plus, they like me, so they won't help either."

She smiled at him.

"Face it, Abe. You can't get at me." she said. "And by the time you do build, or scrounge up a ship or two, I will have made allies of the major races in this galaxy. You'll lose every battle, or I'll have so much warning that I'll blow you out of the sky as soon as you come out of hyperspace."

"Or, you can leave me alone, let me help the people of Pegasus, and when we're ready, expand into the Milky Way, and do the same thing there. I'd welcome Earth's help. I'm going to need doctors, engineers, skilled workers, people that can go out and make a difference in both galaxies."

"I almost believe you, colonel." Ellis said.

"I don't care if you believe me or not." She said as she stood up and strode for the door. "Bring your ZPM, leave the drone." 

She was out the door and walking toward the Ops Center before he was out of his chair. The marines closed in around him, and he followed them out the door.

The Ops tech was dialing the gate, and as soon as the vortex receded, she pressed a button to send the IDC, then started speaking. 

"Stargate Command, this is Atlantis. Stargate Command, this is Atlantis, come in please."

She waited a moment, and was about to speak again when a voice said. "This is Stargate Command, please identify."

"Walter?" She asked. "This is Samantha Carter, in Atlantis. How are you? It's been a while."

"I'm fine ma'am, Mr. Woolsey is on his way, and should be here in a moment." Harriman said.

"That's fine, Walter. How are things at the SGC? We heard that Gen. Landry had been arrest..."

"Col. Carter, This is Richard Woolsey, of the IOA. I am in command of this base now. What can we do for you? Hopefully you've come to your senses, and are prepared to surrender."
