 The Daedalus has been equipped with the Ancient's cloaking technology, and Caldwell leads a mission to scout the Wraith gathering. Sam and Tammy have a falling out, then some serious make up sex. Tammy shows the first negative signs to her exposure to Sam's blood, and Teyla welcomes Caldwell home as befits a hero...

(-)

Confirming Carter Book Two Daedalus

Chapter Six

Interior-Conference Room, North Pier

0825 Hours

"Zelenka has the cloaking equipment installed on the Apollo, but he says he needs another day to fine tune and test it." Caldwell was saying. "We took her out on a few test runs last night after his people knocked off, and we didn't have any problems with the cloak. There were some performance issues though. I don't know if you can really stall a starship, but I think we came damn close."

"I would have thought you'd be beating on the table demanding we go, Steven." Carter said, leaning back in her chair. "I'm glad I was wrong. But I read your report, you tried to drop out of hyperspace, come to a full stop, then fire at multiple targets while putting the ship in a reversing turn to starboard."

"Yes, maam. I can do that maneuver with the Daedalus, and we should be able to have both ships behave in a similar fashion." Caldwell said. "And I'm not going to be sitting in the big chair on Apollo. I'm not going to put someone else's life on the line because I got in a hurry. We found out what the problem on that was. A power relay overloaded and took the sublight engines offline. Zelenka's people said the problem was with the relay, not something in the cloak that caused the problem."

"We'll let Zelenka make his adjustments, but if we can go safely sooner, I'd like to." Carter said. "I wasn't here when you hit those Wraith ships last time, and I don't know what kind of dead spaces there are in a hive, but I'm betting that there are alot." 

"Are you thinking about beaming nukes onboard some of them, while we hit the rest with beams and missiles?" Sheppard asked. "They threw up shields pretty quick the first time we did it, and we haven't gotten another shot since. They come out of hyperspace with shields at full power now."

"I'm thinking along those lines, but I'm not exposing either of my ships to that force. I'm thinking drop and dash." Carter said. "Teyla's people are saying that there are twenty-seven hives, and dozens of cruisers now, gathered out there in the middle of nowhere, and they're thinking it's some kind of summit." 

She leaned forward, looking back and forth between them. "I'm thinking, that if you beam a nuke onto a few around the perimeter, when they go up, we'll get secondary's off the nearby hives and cruisers. If enough of them start going up, we may get the whole gaggle of them, without risking either ship, or wasting alot of ordinance."

"That's a ballsy move, Sam." O'Neill grinned. "But what makes you think that they'll be unshielded when we get there? From what Teyla said, the Wraith are just as hostile to each other as they are everyone else."

"We're the first one's to put up any kind of fight against them in a long time, Jack. And I think what happened with the Replicator homeworld has a lot to do with this." Carter said. "They're out there talking about us, and the Travelers. They're wondering what they're going to do now that there other space fairing races in Pegasus that can be a threat to them. Add to that the fact that the Hoffen drug has poisoned their food supply, and they have to be seeing things getting tight for them."

"I've talked to Teyla about the intel we're getting." Caldwell said, bringing up a star chart on the monitor. "This is the area we're talking about. It's dead space, there are no planets or space gates for light years in any direction. The Travelers are sending scout ships that sit at the edge of their sensor range, keeping an eye on what's going on. So far, none of them have been detected."

"This gathering is more than ten percent of the Wraith ships that we, and the Travelers know about. And the head queen, the one they call the Primary is there, that's been confirmed." Caldwell continued. "There's still more hives on the way it appears, so we may have a few days to get the Apollo ready, and make plans. The question I have is, do we want to try something on our own, or do we want to see if the Travelers will come on to help?"

"No." Carter said. "If we decide to do anything, I think our stealth approach is going to our best and safest bet. But we need our own recon, and a test. We need to see if they have shields up, and if we can get in close without being detected." She highlighted an area on the chart. "Steven, if you dropped Daedalus out of hyperspace here, where it should be outside their sensor range, how long would it take you to get to that cluster of ships at max speed?"

Caldwell looked at the chart, then tapped his comm and spoke quietly for several moments. He made a few adjustments on his tablet, then looked up at her again.

"Marks says we can actually drop out here." Pointing to an area much closer to the Wraith ships. "That's quite a bit closer than you suggest. Apparently we give the Wraith sensors too much credit." He said with a smile. "I'm like to split the distance, and come out here." He highlighted an area on the map. "Just to be safe. From there, we're looking at three hours in and back. Once we reach the cluster, we can use passive scans to check for shields and do a count of our own."

"That sounds like a plan. We're going to adjourn, and I'd like you to be ready to go by eleven hundred hours, sooner if you can. Teyla is going to want to go, and I told her that we'd send her when we did anything, but I've been thinking about that." Carter said. "With the Wraith being able to detect her, and get into her head, she could present an unnecessary risk. But damn, having her on the scene would be valuable too."

"We've already talked about that, colonel." Caldwell said quietly. "She understands the risk, and knows that she can't go. She doesn't like it, but she's accepting it. We've been going over the schematics we got from the Travelers, and she's pointed out places we can beam nukes in where they shouldn't be detected too quickly. If we work quickly, we should be able to have a dozen nukes on timers in place and be safely away before they start going off."

"Good. And thank you, Steven." Carter said as she stood up. "Get going, and at the first sign of trouble, you get your ass out of there as fast as you can." She looked at Sheppard and O'Neill. "I need a couple hours, but I'll want you two back here, and we might as well get Andi too. We need to look at what's going on with Anchorage."

She walked over and stopped Caldwell at the door, putting her arms around him, hugging him tightly. "You be careful, Steven. No heroics, just go in, get what we want, and get out. You and your crew are more important than a few Wraith ships. We can always pick them off one at time if we have to."

"Yes, maam." Caldwell said with a smile. "My boss already had that little talk with me. We'll be careful, And we'll be home soon."

"She did, did she?" Carter laughed as she let him go. "Well, in that case, let me say good luck, and good hunting."

Interior-Kitchen

1040 Hours

"Ops says the Daedalus is away. They left a few minutes ago." Tammy said as Carter and Ronin came into the room. "And you left your comm on the table. Again. You don't have to wear it, but you do have to carry it with you." She handed her the headset as she sat down.

"Bitch, bitch, bitch! That's all you've done for two days." Carter laughed as she dropped the comm in her vest pocket. "What's the matter, sweetie. You not gettin' enough lovin'?" She laughed as she leaned over for a kiss.

Tammy kissed her, but it was just a light peck. "And no, I'm not getting enough lovin', as you so quaintly put it. What do I have to do Sam? I try, but you're not interested. Is it the cameras? I can turn them off, all you have to..."

"I'll be in the living room." Ronin said, then stepped out quickly.

"Jezzus, Tammy! Was that necess..."

"Fuck you! I don't want to talk about it anymore. You're not gonna listen anyway!" Tammy said as she stood up and stormed out.

Carter stood up to follow her, but before she could, she saw Jennifer coming down the hall.

"Do you have a few minutes?" Keller asked as she came into the room. "And what's wrong with Tammy? She blew right by me, and didn't even say hello."

"I think we just had a fight." Carter said, then shook her head and looked at her. "What did you need, Jenn?"

"I've the got test results from the people we brought in from Cealacan. Of the three hundred ninety-four survivors, almost three hundred of them have the gene. We've already started the therapy, and had less than a dozen failures so far." Keller told her, handing her a tablet. "We started them on the teaching machine too. Oh my god, Sam! You should have seen them when we told them that they would be able to read and speak ancient. The..."

"Can you bring up the cameras on this thing?" Carter asked, handing the tablet back to her.

"What? Sure, it only takes a second." Keller said as she tapped on the screen, then handed it back. "Just touch the picture of the camera you want to see."

Carter took the tablet and touched the picture of the bedroom, then the bathroom. Both were empty. She tried the office and living room, then the small bedroom. She was about to call Ronin and ask him where Tammy had gone, when she noticed that there were more images, but she had to scroll up to see them. She found her in the guest room. She was laying on the bed, propped up against a stack of pillows. Her pants were around her ankles, and she was holding a tablet with one hand. Her other hand was between her legs.

Sam started to laugh, then gasped as she zoomed in and saw that there were tears running down Tammy's cheeks. She looked over at Keller as she sat the tablet down and stood up.

"Come with me, Jenn." She said as she went into the hall. Ronin stood and turned toward her as they came into the living room. 

"She's in there." He said quietly, pointing to the bedroom.

"I know." She told him. "Clear everyone out, and lock the porter out. Wait downstairs, and lock the elevator too. Nothing but emergencies comes through. I'll let you know when we need you."

Ronin nodded and led Keller down the hall. She heard the elevator doors open and close, and she stood looking at the bedroom door for a moment.

"Can I come in?" She asked from the door, looking over at Tammy.

"It's your house." Tammy said, not looking up from the screen.

"It's our house. Whatcha watchin'?"

"A movie."

"Anybody I know in it?" She asked as she unbuttoned her vest and shrugged it off her shoulders.

"Yeah. A couple of really hot bitches doin' all kinds of nasty stuff." Tammy said, trying not to smile. She glanced over at Sam quickly. "I'd really like to fuck one of them."

"Yeah? You thinkin' about steppin' out on me?" Sam said as she let her pants fall to the floor and stepped out of them. She crawled up on the bed slowly, letting her eyes run over Tammy's body. "What's this bitch got that I don't?" She asked.

Her hand touched the buttons on Tammy's vest, and started opening them from the bottom up, She got three of them open, and was working on the fourth. 

"You're not going to help me?" She asked as the button slid free. Her hand moved up to the last one.

"No."

She opened it slowly, then pushed the vest to the side, smiling as her breasts came into view.

"Either of those sluts have titties as nice as yours?" She asked as her hand slid over the firm, round globe of her breast. She teased the nipple with her thumb, running it in slow circles around the areole.

"One of 'em does. The others one's are kinda saggy." Tammy said as she began to breathe harder.

"Hey now! Watch it there, girlfriend." She paused, pinching her nipple between her fingertips. "You are still my girlfriend. Aren't you?"

Tammy turned and looked at her, and the look in her eyes made Sam's heart freeze. She took the tablet from her and tossed it on the bed, then reached down and pulled her pants off her feet. She moved up and lifted her so she could slip the vest off. Tammy didn't help her, and she lay back on the bed when Sam eased her down.

She stretched out over her, resting on her elbows, her legs spread outside Tammy's. Her face was inches from Tammy's. 

"Can I kiss you?"

"Yes."

She pressed her lips to Tammy's, closing her eyes and moaning as she did. She drew back when Tammy didn't respond, keeping her lips closed. She had kissed her back, but it was a chaste kiss, like you give a friend, not a lover.

So it's gonna be like that, is it? Carter thought.

She smiled at Tammy, rubbing her body up and down over her slowly. Their tits rubbed against each other, their nipples scraping across each other breasts. Tammy was breathing harder, and the look in her eyes was softening. Sam kissed her again, and her lips opened slightly, then closed around her tongue, nipping her lightly.

"Will you make love with me?" Sam asked, stroking her hair gently.

"No." Tammy said, then after a moment, she added, "You make love to me."

"Mmmmmm, can I? Let me see...what do I want to do first?" She looked up at Tammy as she slid down her body. "What would you like, sweetie?" She asked as she nibbled on her neck, then dragged her tongue up under her chin. She pressed her lips to Tammy's again, and moaned as she responded, letting her lips part, her tongue dancing lightly with her own.

"Just love me, Sam." She whispered into her mouth as they kissed. "I need you so much, baby. Please, don't let all this get in the way." She said as her arms came up and held her to her.

"I'm sorry, Tammy." Sam whispered as they began to kiss more eagerly. Their legs intertwined as they writhed against each other. "I..."

"Shut up and kiss me." Tammy said softly as her tongue darted into her mouth, making her gasp. "Then fuck me, Sam. I need you so bad..."

"Mmmmmm," Carter panted, kissing her back eagerly. She broke away and slid down her body, and ran her tongue under the spongy globe of her tit, then opened her mouth and sucked the nipple in hungrily. Her hand slipped down between her legs and dipped between the fleshy lips of her pussy, finding it warm and wet with her juices.

"Are you forgiving me, or was the movie that good?" Sam laughed as she moved over to her other tit, taking it into her mouth as she pinched its twin between her fingers.

"It was a pretty good movie." Tammy panted as she arched her back, feeding her tit up at her face. "The brunette was really hot! She had that blonde bimbo doi...Ooooohhh!" She purred as Sam slipped three fingers into the cream soaked opening of her cunt and started stroking them in and out lazily.

"Mmmmm hmmmm. Didn't the blonde do anything right?" She asked as she nipped at her stiff nipple lightly. Her fingers started moving faster, and she turned them so her fingertips brushed over the roof of her pussy, pressing against it firmly, and feeling a small bump growing under them.

Tammy was laying back, her eyes closed as she let Sam pleasure her. "So good, Sam. Oh please, I need it...oh god, I need you so bad!" She groaned as her hips started moving, arching up, trying to get her fingers deeper inside her.

Sam stroked her fingers in and out faster, stopping every few moments to rub her fingertips over her G-spot. The tender gland was already the size of a pea, and Tammy wriggled and squirmed on the bed, her hips arching up, trying to get more of her fingers inside her.

Her hands were clutching her tits, squeezing and molding them as her fingers pinched her nipples. Sam dragged her tongue down her body slowly, darting it into her belly button, making her gasp.

The crisp curls of Tammy's pubes brushed her chin, then her lips as she continued down. Nipping at the soft curls, she tugged at them with her teeth, making Tammy whine softly in her throat. 

"Cum baby." She whispered into the soft hairs. "Give it to me. I need it Tammy. I need you to cum for me. I want to see it, feel it. Please?"

Her fingers settled on her G-spot, and she started rubbing it firmly, adding her thumb to her clit as she moved her fingers in tight circles over the growing gland. She dug her chin into her pubes as she looked up at her face, smiling as she felt Tammy's pussy quiver, then clench around her stroking fingers.

Tammy's head came up, her eyes wide as she stared down at her. Her mouth worked, but no words came out, and her eyes rolled up in her head as she shivered, grunting loudly, then screamed as she started to cum.

Warm pussy juice spurted from her spasming pussy, soaking Sam's arm and the bed under her. Sam started stabbing her fingers in and out of her cumming cunt hole, slamming them in and out as fast as she could. Tammy screamed again, and her hips arched up off the bed, jerking down onto her probing fingers. She held the arch, her whole body rigid as she shuddered and jerked wildly.

She collapsed suddenly, falling limply to the bed, gasping for breath. Sam drew her fingers from her slowly, pushing her legs apart and pressing her mouth to her juice coated pussy slit. Her tongue lashed slowly around over the puffy lips of her pussy for a few seconds, then she raised up and climbed over her leg, sliding off the side of the bed.

"Get up." she said, taking Tammy's hand, pulling her to the side of the bed. "Come on, get up. I'm not done with you yet." She said as she pulled her to her feet. Keeping her hand in her own, she led Tammy into the bathroom, and into the shower. Turning on the spray, she turned her under it slowly, then pushed her against the wall.

"Spread 'em." She said as she picked up a sponge glove, pumping soap on it, then stepping up close behind her. "I said spread 'em, bitch! Now do it." She whispered huskily as she straddled her leg, grinding her pussy mound against her.

Tammy moaned as she slid her feet back, spreading them wider. She moaned again as Sam slid the soapy sponge over her tits, then dragged it slowly down over her tummy, stopping as she reached the close cropped vee of her pubes. She ran the glove up and down over the soft hairs, then slid it down quickly, brushing it over the clean shaved lips of her pussy, withdrawing it just as quickly.

"Noooooo." Tammy whimpered, humping back at her. "Please."

"No what, baby?" Sam whispered as she moved the glove back up over her stomach, running it over the heaving mounds of her tits again.

"Please...do...don't t...tease me." She said softly.

"Ohhhhhh, I wouldn't do that to you, Tammy. I love you." Sam whispered. "I promise. I won't tease you." She smiled as she felt her sigh with relief. 

"I'm going to torture you."

Tammy stiffened as her soapy fingers plunged between her legs and slipped between the swollen lips of her pussy. She grunted, her knees bending as Sam ground her fingers over her clit, mashing the stiff nubbin roughly into her body. 

Tammy's legs started shaking as she started cumming again, and Sam held her tightly. Her fingers ground mercilessly over Tammy's clit, then slid off, catching it between her fingers. "Do you like this, Tammy?" She asked as she pinched her clit between her fingers, tugging on it, almost as if she was jerking on a tiny cock.

Tammy grunted, and her head bobbed up and down as she bent her knees more, opening her crotch completely to her fingers.

"Can you stay up if I let you go?" Sam asked softly.

Tammy nodded, and Sam moved her hand around, sliding it up and down the crack of her ass, then pressed a soapy finger against the tight, wrinkled ring of her asshole. Tammy grunted, pushing her ass back as Sam started fucking her finger up her asshole slowly, moving her fingers back over her clit, strumming them up and down over the tender nubbin.
