 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 22: Nymph Garden

Selene let out an indignant yelp when she felt her body being moved strangely through the forest by the nymphs who had tricked and captured her party. Then there were cliffs all around her, and people surrounding her. She was trapped. It was happening again. The younger drow started to panic and tried to scramble out of the water and away from everyone else. Deep, magical darkness suddenly filled the area, radiating from Selene. Even with dark vision, the blackness was impenetrable except for where the sun filtered through the foliage, in which case it was merely very hard to see. They could easily hear, however, Selene's desperate splashing attempt to leave.

The younger nymph giggled. She always giggled. "One of our new friends seems to be nervous." She said cheerfully. She dived into the water, swimming better than any fish after Selene. She rapidly caught up, sliding up the Drow's body. "Shh..." She said soothingly. "It is alright. You are safe here." Strangely enough, the tender embrace she pulled Selene into was far more comforting than it was sensual. Or, again, would have been if they were not naked. Still, the young nymph gently, but firmly pulled the drow to shore. "Just relax. We will not hurt you." Every word that the young nymph said was layered with soothing, calming magic. "We are all friends."

Selene very gradually calmed down under the comforting, slightly sexual grasp of the youngest nymph. She found it extremely difficult to hold on to fear when someone so soft and beautiful was holding on to her. It was very different from the situation that gave her such violent fear of being trapped. Her breath, while still shaky, slowed slightly. She then settled passively into the grass and let the nymph comfort her, for comfort was the younger drow's siren song.

The youngest nymph seemed to be the least lustful of the five. She eased Selene face-down on to the grass, and began to give the broken woman a skilled massage, kneading the tension out of her muscles, her hands glowing with soft white light, healing body and soul. "Let out your troubles." She whispered. "Let go of the past. Let your fear fall away. Drift to me on soft streams." She lay on Selene's back, light as air, and continued her full-body massage. She planted a chaste kiss on the drow's head. "Sleep now, sleep without dreams of evil. Dream only of comfort." Her words continued to be thick with magic, but not the type that overrode the will of the one affected, just soft persuasion that whispered and eased. 

The younger drow began to melt under the nymph whose hands worked wonders on the tension in her body. Her eyes fluttered shut. She realized how tired she was, how many sleepless nights she had spent in tears. When she had slept, she had only been plagued by the images of horror played over and over in her head. Her breath became much more even to the point where she must have either been asleep or near enough to it. Some of the ever-present stress that had been written across her face melted into serenity. Maybe it wasn't so bad being here with them. The Duskhaven males would never find her here. The couldn't even if they tried.

A beatific smile flowed across the young nymph's face. She ended the massage and slipped off Selene's back. Sitting on the bank, her legs trailing in the water, she gently adjusted Selene until the Drow woman's head lay in her lap. The nymph lightly stroked Selene's platinum hair, cooing a soft lullaby. It was a touching picture.

Selene dropped well and truly into dreamland. She might as well have been awake and participating. The dreams she had were nearly identical to what was happening across the pool from them. A small smile played across her sleeping face. At least this time the younger drow seemed to be enjoying herself instead of being terrified.

Meanwhile, the twin nymphs seemed to find themselves edged out of the little group in the water as their brown and pale haired companions seemed to have their own ideas as to how to deal with Ashyr and Caleldir's grip on each other. For Caleldir had come to a similar conclusion as had Ashyr, that the nymphs could not mess with them as long as they had each other, and grasped his drow companion as tightly as possible. 

The twins gave each other a look, and then smiled, an idea coming into their heads. One of them gave Ashyr a kiss on the cheek, just to get her attention, and then collapsed onto the grassy side of the pool, their limbs all entangled with each other, until their identical pussies were rubbing up against each other. They began to move furiously in tandem, moaning in pleasure the whole time. "Come join us..." They moaned to Ashyr.

Ashyr tried to concentrate on keeping Caleldir away from the other women, they really did. But while she really wanted to protect him and he was quite alluring, the nymphs were the real, undiluted thing. The way those twins undulated on the grass was completely enthralling. She began to pull a different way, towards the twins. She still partially clung to Caleldir, and he still clung to her. As such, Ashyr managed to pull all four of them to the edge where the twins were entangled. The two nymphs that had been trying to pull Ashyr away from her lover seemed to accept this new turn of events. Instead of trying to pull her away, they moved with her. Occasionally, one of their hands would brush past the drow and onto Caleldir's body. The rich, brown haired one brought her mouth to Ashyr's ear and drew her tongue from the base to pointed tip. It made the drow shudder and moan. 

Once she reached the shore, Ashyr maneuvered Cal down onto the grass and immediately climbed on top of him to straddle him before any of the other women did. She then pressed her lips against his mouth in a wet, languid kiss. As she was shorter than him, she unintentionally left his dick mostly in the open. Much like how it had been with Carlotta the night before, the pale haired nymph took advantage of this by taking hold of his member and rubbing him up and down.

The twins gave the young one across the pond a quick look. "Althaia is such a soft-hearted girl." They giggled in between the moans. "She is missing out on all the fun." They reached out and began stroking Caleldir and Ashyr simultaneously, even while they continued to rub their most intimate parts together. 

For his part, Caleldir was not letting the nymph's teasing touches seduce him. He looked around urgently, plotting his escape. Sadly, the canyon seemed insurmountable. "We have to get out of here!" he whispered to Ashyr as she climbed on top of him. "These women are insane!" He closed his eyes and moaned. "Ah... Ashyr..." he managed to gasp out. The nymph's touch was the next thing to divine. Very literally. "You should cover me before someone takes advantage..."

"Be glad they're not Selene's brand of insane. But I'll get us out of here, love. They have to stop eventually to let us sleep and eat." Ashyr said in reassurance. She didn't really want to escape quite yet, though. This felt far too good. Oh. Right. She'd accidentally uncovered his dick. Well, there was only one way to be sure no one could have him except her. The pale haired nymph seemed amenable towards Ashyr's plan as soon as she realized what she was doing; the nymph helped Ashyr press his member all the way into the drow's womanhood. The drow then very slowly moved her hips against him.

Seeing an opening, the darker haired nymph pushed Ashyr to sit up. Then, facing her, she straddled Caleldir's face with her womanhood just centimeters away from his mouth. He apparently got the clue that it was either pleasure her or suffocate, and hesitantly began working his tongue against the strange woman's sex. Satisfied, the dark-haired nymph leaned forward slightly to capture Ashyr's mouth with her own. Drow and nymph began kissing each other with a copious amount of tongue. Meanwhile, the pale haired nymph stretched out between Caleldir's legs and brought her face down to caress his balls with her tongue and mouth.

Nearby, the twins continued to writhe and undulate together, watching the actions of their two sisters and the two newcomers with interest as both of them approached their climax. Wriggling towards the other four without breaking the contact between them, they joined in by caressing Ashyr all over, rubbing her breasts, groping her bottom, and even sliding one hand down to work on Ashyr's clit as she rode Caleldir.

The pale haired nymph continued licking what she could of Caleldir's manhood, drawing her tongue up to also taste the connection of the lovers when Ashyr was on the upstroke. Occasionally she let out a moan that vibrated through her mouth, the consequence of how erotic she perceived the situation to be.

"Oh, fuck..." Ashyr swore. All the hands that swarmed across her body were frankly overwhelming. She would have stopped fucking Caleldir, but the woman kissing her took her by the hips to steady and continue her motions. The drow shut her eyes tight against the sight of far too many beautiful people caressing her, pleasuring her. They expertly brought into crashing, reckless orgasm, to which Ashyr gasped and groaned loudly. 

Caleldir barely even knew what he was feeling anymore. While the nymphs seemed to be focusing their attention more on Ashyr overall, he was still overwhelmed. The combination of Ashyr's pussy and that nymph's tongue on his dick at once - something that he had not imagined in his most deliriously perverted dreams - was enough to send him over the edge shortly after Ashyr. It all was exhausting, really, but he had to keep going, shooting up his tongue into the nymph with great swirling motions. The nymphs certainly were not letting Ashyr stop her ride.

The twins came together soon after Ashyr did, and finally disentangled themselves. Which just meant that they could focus more on Ashyr. Moving to each side of the dark elf, they began kissing her breasts and stomach, each with one hand stroking Caleldir on the chest and stomach and the other masturbating themselves.

Ashyr began to not be able to distinguish who had their hands where, or even explain what she was feeling. Her body was excruciating pleasure. Almost directly on top of her first orgasm, they forced her into another.

"Its our turn." The dark-haired nymph finally whispered into Ashyr's ear. Then, with the help of the pale haired nymph, she pulled Ashyr off of Caleldir entirely and placed her in the care of the twins. The drow could do little to resist. She was pretty sure that she couldn't even move. Ashyr did manage to let out a small, protesting noise. Wasn't she supposed to be covering him, protecting him? Instead, she was lying on the grass in a puddle of pleasure.

The pale haired nymph continued licking where she had been, though this time she was free to taste Caleldir's entire length - still hard and showing no signs of softening, thanks to his nymphen heritage. Caleldir began to panic. He stopped licking the dark-haired nymph's pussy, instead making small noises of protest into her womanhood and reaching his hands up to her thighs to try to pry her off of him. He was very worried about what might happen after the nymph fellating him got bored of the activity. He was supposed to be honouring his father by his new dedication to chastity (no lovers but the drow cousins!) but not three hours had gone by and already that vow was looking likely to be broken.

The twins gleefully coaxed Ashyr over to them, their movements mirrors of each other as they kissed her neck, wrapped their legs around each of hers, held one hand behind her to keep them all steady on the ground, and ran the other down from her breasts to between her thighs, simultaneously inserting their fingers. "Don't think about it." The one on her right assured her. 

"Just lay back and enjoy yourself: we will do all the work." The one on the left added. They pressed up even closer to her, wedging her arms in their cleavage on each side.

"Our sisters will take excellent care of your mate." Right giggled.

"We will all take excellent care of him. But for now, you are our only focus." Left added, whispering in her ears with intense lust. 

The whispered words in her ear made Ashyr shiver. At least she was no longer in that whirlwind of pleasure from five people at once. That had been a little much even by the drow's standards. She could handle two people. So could Caleldir. He would have to; Ashyr could no longer be of any help. Even if these twins weren't holding her down she doubted that she would be able to move. So she gasped and writhed under the pleasure they inflicted upon her. 

"Oh, don't stop, lover." The dark-haired nymph asked plaintively after it seemed as if Caleldir was not going to resume licking her. His hands were completely useless in prying her body off of him. "That felt so good." Her hips began to grind lightly against him. Apparently, she was determined to find release on his face whether he participated or not.

"Shall I try to convince him to keep going?" The light haired woman asked with mischief in her voice. "He seemed helpful enough when he was inside someone." She punctuated her words by moving up and sitting on his dick where Ashyr had been. Then the nymphs on top of him locked their lips in a deep kiss, one of each of their hands going to the other's clit. 

As the pale-haired nymph engulfed his cock in her pussy, Caleldir's body went tense, and he started to desperately struggle to get away. No! It was happening again! How did he keep getting himself raped? And more importantly, why did he enjoy it so much every time? Sadly, his attempt at escape was completely useless, as the two supernatural beauties were far stronger than hem easily keeping him in place. As his mouth continued to be covered by the nymph grinding her hips against him, he finally relented and began licking her clitoris again, hoping that she would allow him at least a breath before he suffocated.

The twins continued to hold Ashyr tightly between them. "So, Elissa," Left said. "What more pleasure shall we show our guest?"

Right/Elissa smiled brightly. "Well, Elysia, she did seem to really enjoy watching us rub ourselves against each other."

Elysia returned the smile. "That is an excellent idea." The twins planted a kiss on each side of her face, before they both slid down her body, Elysia slipping one leg between Ashyr's and sliding upwards until their pussies were pressed together. She then began undulating her body in the same way that she had done with her twin, while Elissa, the aforementioned twin, leaned over the two of them, thrusting her tongue between their touching genitals.

The twin's ministrations made Ashyr moan loudly. Normally, she wasn't one for simply pressing her genitals against another woman's, but Elysia's motions were nothing but expert and her pussy was so soft and wet... when the other twin slipped her tongue into the mess, it began to drive Ashyr absolutely wild. Only after a minute of that, she was shuddering in powerful climax. Each orgasm seemed to be even stronger than the last.

Elysia determined to get off before she adjusted her position, which she did a little over two minutes after Ashyr did. But the nymphs were nearly insatiable; as soon as she orgasmed, she and her twin decided to switch positions, flowing over Ashyr's body in almost liquid movements before Elissa was now pressed against Ashyr. Elysia, for her part, lay across Ashyr squaishing their breasts together, one hand cradling Ashyr's face, kissing her deeply, her skilled tongue invading Ashyr mouth almost possessively. Meanwhile, she guided her twin's hand to her womanhood, and then used her other hand to finger both women beneath her at once.

Around the same time, the light haired nymph began to ride Caleldir a little harder before she clamped against him and cried out in orgasm. She had brought herself fairly close with her fingers before she even sat on him. Even as her vaginal wall spasmed against him, she kept her hips going. The dark-haired nymph, however, fell to the side with her climax to let Caleldir have a good look at who was fucking him.

Caleldir drew large, gasping breaths as the nymph finally got off his face. His hands flopped uselessly to his sides. "Ladies, please stop." He asked wearily. Every new woman he was inside was another mark on his conscience: another step closer to complete debauchery.

There may have only been two of them, which was much easier to handle than five of them (counting Cal) had been, but Ashyr was beginning to feel overwhelmed again. She felt as if the twins were swarming over her, trapping her in endless pleasure. The drow was seriously tempted to start protesting, to insist that they give her a minute to breathe. No such minute could be had; one of them - she wasn't sure which - began kissing her. Soft breasts were being pressed against her own. They were building in her yet another climax. 

It was not long after the pale-haired nymph's clamping orgasm that Caleldir unwillingly followed her example, shooting off his second load of the afternoon. But, either due to the magic they were likely soaking him with, or due to his own nymphen heritage, his dick showed no sign of shrinking just yet.

"Do you want a go, Taleia?" The light haired nymph asked with a knowing smirk, predictably paying him no heed.

"I think you know the answer to that, Aylipa." Taleia responded in a voice that seemed always on the edge of song. She smiled warmly at the other nymph as she rejoined her in straddling Caleldir, this time with her back to him and her face towards the light haired nymph. One nymph slid off his dick only to be immediately replaced by another, even though Caleldir's hands had risen to grip her ass to slow her descent. It did not slow her; she engulfed him and caused him to let out a groan of agonized pleasure. As Taleia began to ride him, Aylipa resumed what she had been doing before and laid back down to assist in their pleasure with her mouth. This time, however, the positioning was much better. Both moved in perfect tandem; there was no awkward bumping, no wasted motion. Every motion was perfectly formulated for pleasure.

Almost desperately, Ashyr reached out her hand just to touch Caleldir, to hopefully be grounded by his presence. She had no idea what was happening over there, or if he was even close enough to touch. One of the twins had blocked her view with her improbably beautiful face.

Elysia drew her mouth away from Ashyr's, leaving a trail of spittle between them. She wiped her mouth off with a happy smile. There was no mischief in her eyes, only serene joy and boundless libido. She immediately began laying kisses down Ashyr's body, without stopping fingering both women beneath her. Elissa for her part had begun to rub her and Ashyr's bodies together at an even more frenetic pace, seemingly tireless in her lusts.

Caleldir let out another long groan. The feel of the nymph's ass in his hands ( which he forgot to remove) was amazing, but not as amazing as the sight of it bobbing up and down as she raped him, or as pleasurable as the way that Aylipa continued to give him a blowjob even as Taleia fucked him. With his head free, he forced himself to look away, and instead looked over at how Ashyr was doing. The twins had apparently decided to give her some air too, and Ashyr was reaching out towards him. He took her hand in his, and met her eyes. "I do not think they are going to stop..." He whispered to her in a panic.
