 Tammy tells Sam about a plan she has, then tries to convince her to go along...Sam and Tammy lay down the law to the senior staff about how the city should be run...and O'Neill gets a love interest.

(-)

Confirming Carter Book Two Daedalus

Chapter Ten

Five Days Later

Interior-Bedroom

0550 Hours

"I found something in the ancients' database a couple of days ago." Tammy said over her shoulder as she lay next to Carter. "I was going through looking for research on the Wraith, and I ran across another one of their experiments. One that didn't go wonky."

They were spooning in the predawn darkness, and Tammy could see the first hints of sunrise on the horizon.

"I'm not going to like this, am I?" Carter asked softly, kissing the smooth skin of her back lightly.

"Probably not, but I've been playing with it, and I think I want to do more." Tammy said, wiggling her butt against her. She reached back and put her hand on Sam's ass, pulling her tighter against her. "Those toys Andi gave us aren't doing the trick. They're fun and all, but there's something missing."

"So you're getting bored with me already? And what has that got to do with the ancients?" Carter asked, nibbling at her neck. She moved her hand up and cupped the full, firm mound of Tammy's breast, pinching the nipple between her fingers.

"Mmmmmm, do that harder...oh shit, you may have to fuck me before we get out of bed if we keep this up." Tammy purred.

"And what makes you think that would be a problem?" Carter asked as she moved back, pulling Tammy over onto her back, then slithering up on top of her. "What did you find, and what do you want to do with it?" 

Tammy slid her arms around her as she spread her legs, moaning happily as Sam slipped her leg between them. She reached down and cupped the cheeks of her ass, pulling her tighter against her.

"I wanna make us a fucktoy." She whispered as she started humping her pussy onto Sam's leg.

"And what could this fucktoy do that Andi's toys can't?" Carter asked, slipping down over her slowly. Her tongue dragged slowly over the soft skin of Tammy's neck, then down between her breasts. She licked at the spongy globes lightly, then moved over, tracing soft circles around one nipple with her lips and tongue.

"It could fuck us." Tammy said breathily, pushing gently on Sam's shoulders. "Eat me. I want to cum before we get up."

"Don't be in such a hurry!" Carter laughed. She laid her arms across Tammy's stomach as she looked up at her. "Tell me more about your fucktoy first. Is this some kind of machine? What would it look like? And how would we use it?"

She moved one hand down, her fingers dancing over the clean shaved lips of Tammy's pussy. She teased her with gentle caresses as she waited for her to answer.

"He'd be about five-eight with a wiry build, we can talk about the hair and eyes, but I'm partial to blue-eyed blondes." Tammy moaned as she arched her pussy up at Sam's fingers. "But I want a big dick, at least eight inc..."

"He?" Carter gasped, rolling off of her and getting up on her knees. She stared down at Tammy in disbelief. "Are you talking about a fucking replicator?"

"Huh uh. He'd be a programmable android. I already have the schematics drawn up for him, and lots of the parts are already in the inventory." Tammy grunted as she rolled onto her side, propping her head up in her hand. She looked at Sam as her other hand moved between her legs, dipping into the juice drenched cleft of her pussy. "If you're not going to fuck me, at least talk dirty to me. You know how hot that makes me."

"You're doing fine on your own." Sam said as she watched her. Just the thought that Tammy might want to make a replicator had been like having ice water thrown on her. "Tell me more about this thing. If it's not a replicator, what is it?"

"Ang...Angelo." Tammy panted as she stroked her fingers rapidly over her clit. She stared at Sam, her eyes roaming all over her body as she knelt beside her. "I'm going t...to call him Angelo. God, you look so hot! Raise up a li...little, and spread your legs, I want to see your pussy. You have the prettiest little blonde bush! It's so cute!" 

Carter raised up, moving her knees wider apart on the bed. She smiled at Tammy as she put her hand over her pussy, not playing with herself, but hiding it from Tammy.

"An Angelo would be dark haired and swarthy." She said as she started moving her hips in slow circles. She shimmied her shoulders, making her tits jiggle and bounce, smiling as she saw Tammy gasp. "A blue eyed blonde would be a Dietrich, Hans, or Boris."

"Oooooohhhh! I like Boris!" Tammy whimpered, her fingers flying over her clit. She looked up at Carter, her eyes pleading. "Oh fuck! Move your hand, Sam. I want to see your pussy when I cum, baby. Please?"

Carter moved her hand off of her pussy mound, dragging her fingers slowly up between the wet, fleshy lips. She reached over, holding her fingers under Tammy's nose, then brushed them lightly over her lips, smearing the fragrant nectar over them slowly.

"Oh god!" Tammy groaned as she fell back on the bed, licking her lips. She grabbed Sam's wrist, opening her mouth and taking her fingers inside, sucking on them hungrily. "Oh shit, Sam! I'm...oh fuck! I...I...cumming" She screamed around Sam's fingers.

Carter laughed as she watched her writhe across the bed. Pulling her fingers from her mouth, she reached down, pinching a nipple between them. She leaned close, stretching out on the bed beside her, her lips brushing her ear.

"You're thinking about your pretty little Boris fucking you, aren't you you little slut?" She asked breathily. "You can already feel his big cock pounding into your hot, wet little pussy, fucking you till you cum and cum and cum. Isn't that right?"

"Fuck!" Tammy groaned, her hips bouncing on the bed as her fingers ground harder onto the swollen bud of her clit. She grunted, pulling her hand away from her pulsing pussy mound suddenly, rolling over and knocking Sam onto her back

"Thank you, thank you, thank you." She moaned as she planted sloppy wet kisses all over her face, then ground her lips down onto Sam's. "I don't know why I needed to cum so bad this morning! You made me cum so good last night. God I love making out with you!"

"Liar!" Sam laughed, wriggling out from under her and rolling off the bed. "You want to replace me with a walking dildo! How do you think that makes me feel?"

"Hopefully, you'll be so turned on the first time he pounds your little pee hole with his big ol' cock, you'll forget that he's just a walking dildo." Tammy laughed, climbing to her feet and bouncing across the bed. She jumped off the end, grabbed Sam's hand and pulled her toward the door. "Come on, let's go make breakfast. I'm starving!"

Interior-Kitchen

0645 Hours

"You're not listening to me!" Tammy said as she pushed her plate away. "He's not a replicator. The machine I want to make was a couple steps before them in the process. He'll have a skeleton, muscles and skin. Think Arnold in the Terminator. But friendly, like in the last one, not the first." She paused, then grinned at Carter. "He might actually be closer to Data from Star Trek. He'll be an android, not a cyborg."

"But you'd use the same labs and the same machines to make this thing that McKay used to make his replicator, Fran." Carter said. "And before you say it, yes, she worked out okay. She did what she was programmed to do, but it was still creepy."

"Do you like it when I fingerfuck you, or when I use a toy on you?" Tammy asked as she got up and went over to the coffee maker. She brought the carafe back over to the table and filled their cups, then sat it off to the side. "Be honest, I think you do, but I'm biased about my prowess."

"God, you are so conceited!" Carter laughed. "But yes, I do like it when you play with me. I..."

"Say it." Tammy grinned, leaning close, her eyes glittering. "Say the words Sam, I want to hear you say it."

"I, um...you know, like it when you...do stuff to me." Carter sputtered, her cheeks coloring brightly.

"Oh shit! You can't say it!" Tammy laughed. She got up, pulling Sam to her feet, then pushed her back against the counter. Dropping her hand down between her legs, she eased two fingers into the warm wet slit of Carter's pussy, stroking them in and out lazily.

"What am I doing to you right now, Sam?" She asked, pressing her body against her, their tits rubbing against each other, her hand trapped between the lightly furred mounds of their cunts. "Tell me."

"You...you're rubbing my..."

"Rubbing your what, Sam? And I'm doing more than just rubbing, and you know it." Tammy breathed huskily. "What are my fingers doing, and where are they doing it?"

"Oh god, Tammy!" Carter moaned, spreading her legs wider as her knees bent, giving her more room to work on her drooling cunt slit. "It feels so good! Don't stop!"

Tammy pressed her fingers deep into her pulsing pussy, holding them still as Carter jerked and humped her pussy down at them. Her thumb stroked steadily across the stiff nub of her clit, adding to Sam's pleasure.

"Please Tammy! Don't tease me like this!" Carter groaned as she tried to fuck herself on Tammy's fingers. 

"Look at me Sam." Tammy said softly as she started moving her fingers again. "I want you to say what I say, word for word, as I say it. Do you understand me?"

"Ungh! Ye...yes." Carter panted, her hips working frantically as she tried to get Tammy to move her fingers faster.

"I love your fingers in my pussy. I want you to fuck me, and make me cum." 

"I...love yo...your fingers...in me." Carter panted. "Please, make me cum!"

"No, that's not right, Sam." Tammy said slowly, burying her fingers knuckle deep in the spasming passage of her pussy, holding them still again. Her thumb ground onto her clit, moving in slow circles over the tender nubbin. "Say what I told you to say. It's kind of weird that you can talk dirty about what you're doing to me, but not what's being done to you. Why is that?""

"I...oh god, Tammy! You know I ca..."

"Okay." Tammy said as she stepped back, her hand moving down, pulling her fingers slowly from Carter's juiced soaked cunt slit.

"No!" Carter groaned, reaching down and grabbing her wrist, forcing her fingers back into her pussy. She held her wrist tightly as she humped her heaving cunt channel down onto the stiff digits. "Fuck me you bitch! Fuck my hot little pussy with your goddamned fingers and make me cum!"

"You do it." Tammy whispered. "Fuck yourself on my fingers Sammy. You like my fingers in your hot little cunt hole, don't you? I want you to tell me, I want you to talk dirty to me when I fuck you."

"You want dirty? I'll fucking give you dirty!" Carter grunted as she jerked Tammy's hand away from her crotch. She hopped up on the counter and leaned back, bringing her feet up to rest on the edge as she spread her legs wide. "Put your fucking fingers back in my cunt and fuck me! Do it hard, and make me fucking cum you bitch!"

Tammy grinned as she pressed three fingers between the cream coated lips of her pussy and slipped them slowly into the tight, wet hole. She started moving them in and out slowly as she teased Carter's clit with her thumb.

"Faster!" Carter grunted, bringing her hand down and wrapping it around Tammy's wrist. She started pumping her fingers into her pussy, showing Tammy the rhythm she wanted.

Twisting her fingers back and forth as she drove them in and out of Sam's warm, wet pussy, Tammy started moving them faster. In moments, her fingers were a blur as they pumped between the puffy, fur lined lips. Tammy looked up at her as she fingerfucked her steadily.

"I'm going to program Boris to fuck you just like this." She said huskily. "I know just how you like to get fucked, and I'm going to put every trick I know turns you on in him."

"Oh shit!" Carter grunted, her ass hanging over the edge of the counter as she humped and jerked frantically down at Tammy's fingers. "Wh...when can we st...start on him? If you can g...get him to fu...fuck me like this...Oh god! Faster! I...I'm gonna cum, Tammy!"

"What the hell are you two doing?" Keller gasped as she walked into the kitchen. She stared wide eyed at the spectacle before her.

"Negotiating." Tammy laughed as she moved her head between Sam's legs. "We'll be with you in a minute!" Replacing her thumb with her lips, she sucked Sam's clit into her mouth and nipped at it with her teeth, making her moan and jerk every time she did.

"Oh fuck! Eat me Tammy!" Carter grunted, her hands coming down to press her mouth harder against her clit. "Suck on it! Suck my clit and fuck me harder!"

"I don't believe this." Keller muttered as she watched them. She felt her own pussy moistening, and at the same time felt a wave of jealously sweep over her. She envied the pair the freedom and passion they shared when it came to sex.

"Oh god! Enough! You win!" Carter groaned as she eased off the counter, pulling Tammy up so she could kiss her hungrily. Tammy's fingers still drove in and out of her juice soaked pussy slit, and Carter groaned again as another series of spasms surged over her.

"Someone's going to clean that counter before you put any food on it, right?" Keller asked as she opened the fridge.

"Good god, Jennifer!" Tammy laughed, easing her fingers from Carter's pussy and bringing her hand to her mouth, licking her fingers clean. "Do you always have to be such a downer when it comes to sex? And if you want to know, we were doing it in here because I was trying to get Sam to lighten up a little. She's almost as repressed about sex as you are, at least when she's talking about herself. I was trying to adjust her attitude a little."

She looked back as Sam, a sly smile crossing her face.

"What do you think hon? Want to help me adjust Jenn's attitude a little now?" She giggled.

"John might appreciate that." Carter laughed, turning to look at Keller. "Or we could just send her down to the STM bridge next time we charge up ZPM's. You remember what that did to her!"

"John and I do just fine, thank you very much!" Keller said as she poured a glass of juice and sat at the table. 

"So what are you doing up so early, Jennifer?" Carter asked, going to the cabinet and getting a fresh glass.

Tammy came over and took it from her, getting one for herself. She pushed her over toward the table as she opened the fridge.

"Sit down, I'll get your drink." She said as she filled the glass with ice.

"Not that it's any of your business, but John woke me up doing it this morning." Keller said, coloring slightly. "I think he's been talking to Steven. Teyla says that he wakes her up like that all the time. They both do it like that. They wake up in the middle of the night and just...use each other."

"Mmmmmmm, I like waking up like that." Tammy purred. "We do it too. Now that the boys are sleeping in their own room, we don't have to be as careful."

"It was nice." Jennifer laughed. "He was so gentle this morning! He's normally so...I don't know, macho? It's like he has to prove himself by being rough with me. I like that sometimes, but sometimes I just like it soft and slow, you know?"

"Then tell him." Carter said, taking her drink from Tammy. "He can't fix what he doesn't know is broken. And if you don't say anything, you're going to start resenting him, and you won't last."

"And don't just tell him what you want, ask him what he wants too." Tammy added. "Do it in bed one night. Take him to bed and spend the night talking and playing. I guarantee you'll both probably have a good time."

"That's easy for you to say!" Keller said, frowning slightly. "He works twenty hours a day most times! It's hard to catch him when he's not exhausted!"

"We're going to have to do something about that." Carter said, looking over at Tammy. "I already told everyone to block out downtime, but it sounds like some of them didn't listen." 

She glanced over at Keller. "How many hours a day are you putting in, on average, Jennifer?"

"On a good day, probably ten, on a bad day, closer to sixteen, maybe eighteen." Keller said. "It varies. There's just so much to do!"

"I know Andi puts in at least twelve every day. But she knocks off at twenty, maybe twenty-one hundred most nights and fires up a pipe." Tammy said.

"There's no reason for the senior staff to be putting in so many hours." Carter said, a look of irritation crossing her face. "We're going to talk about this today. I want a meeting at oh nine hundred, we'll do it in the conference center." She looked over at Tammy. "I think it's time we broke the news to them anyway. Let's get the org charts out and look them over one more time. You can show me your plans for Boris at the same time."

"Who's Boris?" Keller asked, looking back and forth between them.

"What, not who." Tammy said lightly. "Special project. Just something we're going to be...playing with."

Interior-Conference Center, North Tower

0900 Hours

"Tammy and I have been looking at the org charts all of you submitted, and we think some restructuring needs to be done." Carter said as she walked into the room. She turned and looked at Sheppard as she sat down. "Besides this morning, when was the last time you and Jennifer had sex? Or you've been up to the driving range, or just kicked back and had a beer with Ronin?"

"Sam, I told you that in confidence!" Jennifer blurted out.

Sheppard looked stunned, and sputtered for a moment, trying to answer her questions.

"That's what I thought. Ronin is pissed by the way, he feels left out. You should reach out and mend that bridge."

She looked over at Samuels. "How about you Andi? When was the last time you and Wilkins did the horizontal mambo, or blew a pipe of thumper together?"

"Three days ago." Samuels smiled, realizing where Carter was going with her line of questioning. "But he's been offworld for two of those, and if it makes any difference, I masturbate daily, whether we have sex together or not."

"Good, at least someone is getting some release around here." 

She looked down at Caldwell.

"My sex life is really none of your business, Colonel." He said, coloring slightly. "But to put your concerns to rest, Teyla and I have sex daily. One of us will initiate it, so it's not unusual for us to have sex several times a day."

"I wasn't going to ask about your sex life, Steven, but I'm glad to hear that you're taking care of yourself." She laughed, then sobered quickly. "No, I was going to ask why you haven't spoken to the Athosians about your betrothal to Teyla. And before you say anything, that is my business. So why not, and when are you planning on doing it?"

"I haven't had time to get offworld to visit them." Caldwell said. "I believe that I would need to spend several days making visits to at least three different worlds, and I just haven't been able to get away."

"I like that you want to spend time with Teyla's people, that will go a long way toward getting their approval." Carter smiled. 

"Plan on taking next week off." Tammy said as she made notes on her tablet. "You and Teyla can do a tour while she ties up some diplomatic loose ends for us. Having you with her will kill several birds at once."

Carter looked around the table, making eye contact with all of them. "I don't know how hard you're all working, but I do know that you're working too goddamn long on any given day. Unless there's a special event, or some sort of emergency, there's really no reason for any of you to be in your offices, or working on anything past say, nineteen hundred hours. That's why you have deputies, and department heads. If you have to work twenty hours a day, you need to replace them, or I need to replace you. We need you looking at the high level, long term stuff you should be paying attention too, not day to day operations."
