 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 23: Paladin

In the deep pools of the nymph garden where his party had been imprisoned, Caleldir was, quite predictably, having trouble. He had avoided Taleia and Aylipa - the brown and pale haired nymphs, respectively - several times, as those two were in competition. The twins, however, never did anything separate, and were rapidly catching up. They would have already had him if they had not spent half their time sabotaging the efforts of their sisters in very typically nymphen ways (which was to say, very sexual ways). When one of them almost grabbed him by the ankle, he barely slipped away. He gulped. It was only a matter of minutes before he became the filling in a nymph twin sandwich, and at this point, he was not even sure that he wanted to delay that. He still continued running, though.

Meanwhile, in the cave that the young blonde nymph led the drow to, Ashyr tilted her head to the side. That was a distinct aura of courage that radiated from the youngest nymph. It did feel... familiar. But that feeling was usually felt around someone coated with armor, and it quite likely meant that she was about to be attacked for being drow, despite the fact that she wouldn't show up with a 'detect evil' spell. The older cousin subtly edged over towards the younger in the attempt to put herself between the paladin and the most likely candidate for the paladin's ire... though it seemed unnecessary now.

Selene's eyes narrowed at the nymph in her normal suspicious demeanor. "We do have a quest." She answered the nymph's question about what they were doing with their time. "That is why we don't appreciate being brought here without our permission." But then she saw the dreamy look in the young nymph's eyes. She wouldn't be drow if she didn't try to capitalize on this. "You could go with us, you know, if you help us get free. See the world. Stop capturing people to use as your sex slaves. Do something great." Yeah, that sounded like a good motivation for a stuck-up surface dweller. Selene had no intention of actually letting the nymph come with them, of course, but if it got them away from here...

"Yeah, I'm not liking the keep-my-mate-here-forever plan." Ashyr admitted. She cast a worried glance toward the pool. She hoped he was doing okay.

"Really? A drow is lecturing us about taking slaves?" Althaia said dryly in response to Selene. "But it was not my idea anyway, and you two are free to go once you wish. It is just our cousin who those four are desperate to keep. Given what I have read about Drow society, I am certain that you understand. Or not." She sighed. "I apologize, that was a little on the defensive side. But yes, I will help you escape, provided that you bring me along on your quest. Since Caleldir - who emanates quite a strong Good Aura and a decent Lawful one - agreed to it, it must be a noble one." She stood up. "But although I will help you escape eventually, you all seem very worn and tired. You should stay here for a few days, rest, relax, enjoy yourselves. Perhaps I can convince my sisters to let you go. If not, well, I can get you out other ways."

"I, for one, would love to stay and relax for a couple days." Ashyr said with a smirk. Her eyes danced down the nymph's naked form. "What I'm not so keen about is my mate being used as your cohort's stud or whatever it is you want from him. He doesn't like it either." The smirk on her face faded into a more hard expression. "He's not one for sticking his dick into a whole bunch of women, despite his heritage. It was difficult enough to convince him to give himself to me."

A smile appeared on Althaia's face that was rather reminiscent of her sister's standard expressions. "I see that you have recovered your libido at least." She said with a girlish giggle. "But as for Caleldir, it is not so strange for males of my kind to be prudes, rather the rule, in fact. So female nymphs are used to, err, 'convincing' them to see things their way. The satyrs are more our male counterparts when it comes to lusts, but they are nasty and hairy and I, at least, find them repulsive. I am a very strange nymph, though. I have control over my urges. Mostly." She returned Ashyr's ogling with fierce desire that easily matched the drow at her most libidinous, before swallowing her desires up and returning to what was now very obviously a thin veneer of passivity. 

She continued. "My sisters do not even think control is a desirable thing: they think that the desire to abstain from sex with someone you find attractive is some sort of freaky mental disorder. They will try their utmost to 'coax' this 'disorder' out of 'Caius.' " She shrugged. "Maybe you should let them. Once they are sated they will be far more amenable to our suggestions, or at least sleepy." Her face was thoughtful. "I will talk to them anyway, but nothing I can ever say will convince not to ravish Caleldir at least a dozen times each."

"So they have no concept of rape? At all?" Selene asked. She stopped herself just short of saying how that sounded like no fun. The younger drow had a feeling that she needed to be a little more careful about what she said in front of this particular nymph. "Even our society understands the difference between willing and unwilling. And we're supposed to be evil."

"Wait, a dozen times each?! Lolth, if that happened to me I'd probably be done with sex for a very long time." Ashyr exclaimed on top of Selene's words.

The sounds of splashes and giggling could then be heard coming closer. Althaia cocked her head to the side, features alert. "Your friend is more agile than I would have thought, but it seems the chase is nearing its end. They all will be here shortly. Please make a decision quickly."

"I'm sure he'd rather get out sooner than later if they're going to keep that up" Ashyr gestured over to the noises that began to echo down the caverns. "If you can convince them to calm down the slightest bit or take it out on the two of us-"

"Speak for yourself, cousin." Selene interrupted. "I want nothing to do with them."

"Fine. Whatever. Just, if you can make them be even slightly reasonable, then we'll stay and rest. If not, we want to leave as soon as possible. And I won't leave him behind."

It was then that Caleldir rounded the corner, the twins mere inches behind him. He slowed in shock to see the three of them there, and that was enough to end the chase. He went down in a mass of beautiful bare limbs.

Ashyr turned just in time to see Caleldir get mobbed. It made her feel a strange combination of aroused, amused, and jealous. With a heavy sigh, she sat down on the bed next to Althaia. "Can't they find someone else to breed with - I assume that's what they want."

Selene also turned around when she heard people nearing them. First it was Cal, but the twins were almost on top of him. The next moment, they actually were. Next around the corner came the pale and dark haired nymphs. They pouted when they saw that the twins had beaten them. But then their eyes fell upon the next closest target - which happened to be Selene.

"Nonono- umph" The younger drow said in the midst of being similarly tackled.

Ashyr snickered at her plight. "So... Althaia, was it? What was it we were talking about?"

"Yes. My name is Althaia." The young blonde sighed. What Selene had said about rape was on her mind. "Unlike my sisters, I read books and such like. I know things about the outside world. But no, they have no concept of rape as such. Just 'willing' and 'unwilling' and 'attractive' and 'unattractive'. At least not normally. If they were raped, which would be incredibly hard to do for more than one reason (mostly because unless they are attracted to a traveler, they will remain completely unseen, so the only people who see a nymph under ordinary circumstances are among the minority of ones they want to have sex with), they might be able to grasp the concept. They are also rather entitled, and believe that their beauty gives them the right to have fun with whoever they want to have fun." Crossing her legs, she sat back down on the bed, watching the twins molest Caleldir with very obvious jealousy. One of them was already noisily bouncing up and down on his dick, while the other had somehow contorted so that she was able to rub her pussy against her sister and Caleldir's genitals simultaneously. Selene was being held down in a very similar fashion to how the same two nymphs held Caleldir down. One sat on her face while the other devoured her pussy. The younger drow made much louder noises of protest and struggled a lot more than Caleldir did. At least she wasn't freaking out about being trapped and raped anymore. In fact, those noises she made were quickly turning into lusty, aroused moans. The young nymph swallowed, literally shaking with desire, but still kept her hands folded neatly in her lap. "It is not just breeding that they want: it is a male of our kind, or at least a male half-nymph. I still want to emphasize how very rare they are." She looked over at where her other sisters were enjoying Selene's company. She looked back up at Ashyr, then raised her hand to the drow's face very uneasily, not quite touching her. "Err... May I?" She asked weakly.

"I'll allow it." The older drow replied. Ashyr's hand came up to caress the other creature's thigh, her eyes lidded partially with lust. "Otherwise I think you might explode, and I would prefer not to be covered with your entrails." That was likely the least sexy thing Ashyr could say at that moment. Oh well. If Althaia was anywhere near as horny as Ashyr was just a week ago, the young nymph would not care.

The young Nymph let out an almost strangled, animalistic cry and launched herself at Ashyr with wild passion. Her lips seized on those of the drow's with starving hunger, the nymph's tongue forcing its way into her mouth before she could even react. One arm pulled Ashyr to her with a soft but enormous strength that dwarfed that of any of her sisters, while her other hand slid between their bodies down to Ashyr's womanhood, her fingers going to play with the furious skill of a master musician. After a few hungry minutes of this, she gave Ashyr a dazzling smile, joy hanging behind her amethyst wine eyes. "You know," she said in a conspiratorial whisper. "My eyes shift in shade according to my emotions. They have been purple for many weeks. That means lust." She nuzzled against Ashyr, licking the point of her ear. "Can you satisfy me enough that they change back to blue?"

The older drow had sort of expected to be tackled then, but not with quite so much enthusiasm. The nymph had been relatively reserved up until then. Ashyr's assent seemed to have flipped a switch. All she could do for the moment was ride out the storm - but she sure as hell wasn't going to complain. "If anyone can do it, I can." Ashyr boasted breathlessly. Ashyr brought her hand up to one of the nymph's lovely breasts while her hips rolled up and down with the motions of the other woman's hand. The older drow's free hand came up to return the favor. Just beyond her, she could see her two companions in various stages of ecstasy. The whole scene was utterly fascinating. Inspired, she then made her counter-attack by flipping the other woman over and onto the bed.

The nymph allowed herself to be flipped over, making the shift seem graceful beyond compare, but still did not stop in her sexual aggression. She pulled the drow up towards her mouth again, invading her lips with another starving kiss. Althaia was not much shorter than Caleldir was, and even looked vaguely similar with her nymphen features, but even at his most uninhibited he could not manage the wild lust that she could. Moreover, she was far stronger than he, for his touch was in comparison as ephemeral as a ghosts, while hers was the strength of earth and the persistence of water. Her fingers flowed all over Ashyr's body like a warm stream, stroking, caressing, pressing, and squeezing with a mixture of touches light and insistent as if she had a dozen hands.

Ashyr gasped under the other woman's touch. She'd had a plan that she wanted to enact after flipping the nymph over on the bed, but all plots were completely lost in the face of that onslaught. It was like being pleasured by those five nymphs (including Caleldir) all over again, though this time Ashyr felt a little less overwhelmed. Or, at least, she never once was tempted to make her stop. The drow decided then and there that, no matter what Selene was plotting, she would definitely have to keep this particular nymph around. No doubt Selene would agree once she'd experienced this. The older drow basked for a moment, then tried to steel herself. It was... moderately effective. She couldn't keep the concentration she usually would, but she did manage to reach down and start rubbing at the other woman's clit. It was a good thing such actions came as second-nature to her. Moaning against Ashyr's touch, Althaia floated the Drow through slight, skilled movements of lifting, prodding, and sliding, until, almost without seeming to move, Ashyr found her face at Althaia's navel without Ashyr ever having to break her hand's contact with Althaia's body. Inclining her head upwards, the nymph's tongue darted into Ashyr's womanhood, swirling, thrusting, and licking with at least the amount of skill as her hands had shown, and undeniably with the same half-mad hunger as she had invaded the Drow's mouth with. The height difference was such that the drow couldn't use her mouth - which was a damn shame; it looked so very inviting. Ashyr began to pull out all the tricks she knew to bring a woman to orgasm hard and fast. Althaia was certainly doing the same. The drow managed to only pause momentarily when her body shook with uncontrollable orgasm. Then she powered through the pleasure-caused weakness and continue the good work with fervor.

A scant couple of feet in front of Ashyr's gaze, Caleldir was in such a state of exhaustion that he stopped his moaning protests, and simply allowed the amorous nymphs to have their way, the twins contorting into almost impossible positions as they flowed over his body like they had Ashyr's. The pale-faced man looked up at Ashyr and smiled very weakly. "They caught me." He said between moans.

Ashyr concentration faltered a little when she saw Caleldir's face. She didn't know whether to laugh or to try to squirm away from the nymph pleasuring her and try to get those women off of him. Strangely, her mind in the moment correlated them with harpies, though the only trait they shared with those monsters is that they were predominantly women. Since Ashyr was pretty sure she couldn't get away without seriously hurting her potential rescuer's feelings, the drow chuckled. "I see that." she responded. "Let me - ah - know if you desperately need..." Ashyr's head dropped for a moment to try to recollect her thoughts "...rescuing." She finally finished. What exactly she would be able to do was a mystery, but she would try her damnedest.

Like her sisters, Althaia seemed to think that one orgasm was never enough - never - and when she felt Ashyr orgasm she only changed her tactics. Running her lips along the inside of Ashyr's thigh, she nudged the Dark Elf forward enough that Ashyr could finally reach the nymph's pussy. She then ran her hands up Ashyr's thighs until her fingers were now the ones manipulating Ashyr to yet another orgasm, skillfully rubbing with her usual mixture of soft but unyielding force and insistent tenderness. But just before Ashyr was close enough to change her line of attack, the Nymph clamped her silky thighs around the Drow's hand in a shuddering orgasm, before relaxing a bit and continuing on.

Caleldir's head popped out from underneath one of the twin's perfect asses as she slid forward to exchange positions with her sister. "I do not think a rescue would do any good." He said in a tired voice. "And I have already... been inside all of them, so with my virtue stolen away, I cannot get it back. Might as well try to enjoy myself, even if I cannot muster enough energy to participate any longer." It was almost a comical sight: a man positively resigned to the 'awful' fate of constant sex with impossibly beautiful twins, who continued to find new and improbable positions to force him into. Now they had maneuvered so that one of them was on her hands and knees receiving (more like taking) Caleldir from behind while the other held him firmly in position, kissing his neck and humping him forward deeper into her sister's sex.

The drow didn't quite understand the distinction between being forced to be inside a woman for the first time and being forced to do it any time after that. There seemed to be a difference in Caleldir's mind. She had been thinking more along the lines of him getting overwhelmed and needing a break. Ashyr knew first-hand how overwhelming the twins could be. He seemed to be doing okay for now at least. Surely, his body could just stop cooperating sexually if it got too bad. So, after one last good look at what was happening to him, she looked down to realize that Althaia had managed to maneuver her body within range of Ashyr's mouth. Her mouth lowered to that soft, inviting sex. After pressing a soft kiss at the very top of her folds, Ashyr's tongue flicked out to rub zig-zags across the other woman's clit. She started slowly; Althaia would likely be very sensitive there after her first climax. Soon she brought herself back up to the almost furious paced she'd previously set with her fingers and tried to drive the other woman crazy. Ashyr couldn't help groaning against the nymph's ministrations, which has the added benefit of sending the vibrations of her voice through her tongue and against Althaia's most sensitive area. One free hand wrapped under Althaia's leg and around to the nymph's wet core. A finger slid in gently, and then another. Those fingers soon worked quickly back and forth inside her, hooked slightly towards Ashyr's face to manipulate the internal extension of her clit.

Althaia clearly enjoyed Ashyr's ministrations, letting out long moaning sighs that sounded strangely like Caleldir's as her long legs stretched and tensed. She was not quite going any more crazy, but pretty close to it as she cried out in another orgasm. Then, astoundingly, Ashyr could feel the Nymph's tongue slip inside her again, because apparently she was just that flexible. Soon Althaia's moans began to have the same muffled vibrating effects as did Ashyr's.

Selene was becoming increasingly loud. Ashyr was pretty sure that her younger cousin had cried out in orgasm half a dozen times. That drow had always seemed to climax so easily. Somehow, Ashyr wasn't envious of that trait at the moment. Selene would no doubt be utterly exhausted before they were done with her.

And so it went on for an unknown length of time. Here inside the cave there was not a sky to bear witness to the passage of the hours, but when Althaia finally disentangled herself from the drow - eyes a water blue and a satisfied smile on her face - it was likely late into the night. The nymph stretched out on the bed next to Ashyr. 
