 It's been a while since I worked on this series, and I'm still trying to get a feel for the characters, so cut me some slack...

This offering is very Tammy-centric, and she's having an up and down day...

* * * * *

Confirming Carter4 Expansion02

Interior-Col. Sheppard's Office, North Tower

0745 Hours

"Sheppard, I need ten people with the ancient gene, and someone that knows how to use your teaching machine." Larrin said.

Sheppard looked up, grinning when he saw her leaning against the door of his office. She took a sip from her beer, then looked at the bottle, frowning when she saw that it was empty.

"A little early to be drinking, isn't it Larrin?" He laughed, leaning back in his chair. "Where did you get a beer at anyway?"

"No, it's almost dinner time on my ship." She smiled as she walked over and sat the empty bottle on his desk. "As far as where I got it, your wife gave it to me. She said it was your last one."

"Great." He laughed. "You take my last beer, then come demanding I do you a favor."

"You're not doing me a favor." She said as she pulled a chair around and sat down. She put her feet up on his desk and leaned back, putting her hands behind her head. "I'm requisitioning personnel for my space station. You're the military commander of Atlantis, and the station is a military asset, so I came to you."

"Okay, you got me there." He said, reaching over and picking up the bottle, then dropping it in his trash can. "But I don't have ten people to give you..."

"Okay, then I'll go see what the queens ha..."

"I can save you a trip..." He laughed as he tapped the comm unit on his desk. When he heard the beep he said, "Sheppard to Tammy or Col Carter, respond please."

"Go ahead John." Carter said almost immediately. "What can I do for you?"

"Larrin's here in my office, and she says she needs ten people with the ancient gene and someone who knows how to use the teaching machine."

"So give them to her." Carter laughed.

"I uh...I don't have ten people I can give up colonel, and I wouldn't know where to get a teac..."

"Send her over to the residence, I'll see what I can do for her." Carter laughed.

"Ask her if she has any more of that beer, I like it." Larrin said as she got to her feet.

"She's on her way, colonel." Sheppard laughed. "But you might want to lock your liquor cabinet before she gets there."

(-)

Interior-Kitchen

0800 Hours

"Good morning Larrin." Carter said as she stepped into the kitchen. "Would you like some coffee? I just made a fresh pot."

"No thank you. I tried it once, and thought it was terrible." Larrin said as she looked around the kitchen. "Do you have any beer? Sheppard's wife gave me one when I went looking for him there..."

"It's a little early to be drinking isn't it?" Carter laughed.

"No, it's almost dinner time on my ship." Larrin replied. "I've been up all night looking at schematics and doing a walking tour of the station."

"In that case, beer and spirits are in the fridge to your right." Carter told her.

"So what did you think?" She asked as she watched Larrin open the fridge and take out a beer. 

"Damn thing looks like it just came out of dry dock." Larrin said as she twisted the top off and sat down at the table. "Took me over two hours to walk the length of it on the main deck. I looked at some of the docking ports just before I came down to ask Sheppard about getting people."

"You look at any of the ships that are docked?" Carter asked.

"A few of them." Larrin said as she took a sip of her beer. "Some still need some work, but according to the logs, more than half are ready to put into space. I'm gonna start moving them out of the docking ports and into the dry dock. We'll need to do modifications before my...our people can use them."

She shook her head as she looked over at Carter.

"It's gonna be a shame if we have to give them up to Travellers that don't come with us."

"We talked to Teyla about that last night, but maybe you can give me a better number." Carter said. "She thinks we'll lose around two hundred thousand out of the two million in the Traveller fleet, what do you think the number will be?"

"No more than one hundred thousand." Larrin replied. "When they hear that there may be new ships, or some of the ships we have may be repaired, they'll stay. The heads of families will see to that."

"We talked about repairs after you left, and it looks like repairing or refitting the smaller ships should take around ten days." Carter told her. "But based on what Teyla said about most being badly in need of repair, we think we should double that estimate. That means we can still recondition almost fourteen hundred ships a year."

"More than half the smaller ships in the fleet are barely space worthy right now, so we need to make those the priority." Larrin said as she tipped the bottle up and drained the beer. "From what I read in the schematics, most of the repair process is automated, which is why I was asking Sheppard about getting people."

"So you were going to what, train ten people and start bringing in ships today?" Carter laughed.

"No." Larrin laughed as she got up and got another beer. "They're going to be my training crew. I want to get them trained up so they can do the training when we start bringing more people in. And I want to get some people up on that station so I don't feel so alone when I'm up there."

"That sounds like a plan." Carter said as she got up and got a bottle of tequila from the fridge, then got two glasses from the cabinet.

She poured two shots, sliding one over to Larrin, then sat down.

"So are you going back to your ship, or are you going to sleep up on the station?" She asked as she tossed back a shot, then poured another.

"I haven't decided." Larrin said as she picked up the glass and sniffed at it, then tossed it back like Carter had done. She coughed, wiping her eyes as she shook her head.

"Wow, that's some strong stuff." She laughed as she looked over at Carter.

"Hundred year old tequila." Carter said as she refilled both their glasses. "I don't share this with just anyone."

"Thank you my queen." Larrin laughed. "What did I do to deserve this honor?"

"You're our newest knight, commander of our new space station, and a loyal friend." Carter smiled. "We are going to treat you like gold girlfriend...at least until you piss us off."

"That shouldn't take long." Larrin grinned as she stretched, then yawned. She shook her head as she looked over at Carter. "Damn, I wasn't tired before I had those beers but..."

"That's okay Larrin." Carter said with a smile as she got to her feet. "Why don't you lie down in the guest room for a few hours, and we can talk more about the station this afternoon."

(-)

Interior-Robotics Lab, Central Tower

0810 Hours

Leaning over the workbench, Tammy carefully manipulated a micro-sealer as she watched it's progress on the screen in front of her. Angelo was laid out face down on the table in front of her, and she was adjusting a nerve cluster at the back of his neck.

She had already been through his personality profile, and hadn't found any faults that would explain why he didn't handle Jacob the same way Boris did. She had been running a system scan when she noticed the fault in the nerve cluster.

The doors on the other side of the room swished open, and Fran stepped in, moving around the partition, smiling at Tammy as she walked over to her.

"Hi Fran, what brings you down here today?" Tammy asked, glancing over at her, then turning to face her when she noticed how she was dressed. "And how did you know I was down here?"

Fran's hair was down, hanging loosely down her back, and she was barefoot, wearing a silky dressing gown that showed every curve on her body.

"I spoke to Samantha, and she told me that I could find you here." Fran said casually, stepping closer. "You said I should report any anomalies. I have discovered one."

"Really, what sort of anomaly?" Tammy asked, disconnecting a cable from Angelo's neck, and shutting off the monitor and getting to her feet. "You've been running clean when we run them here, but I can take a look if you like. Lose the robe, and hop up on a table. We'll get you hooked up and..."

"You may not be able to find it with your equipment." Fran said softly as she opened her robe, letting it slip from her shoulders and fall to the floor. "It does not actually appear on my diagnostics. Rather, it appears in the form of feelings. Feelings for you."

Tammy just looked at her, then her eyes moved down over her slim, firm body. Her breath caught in her throat as she saw a large, thick penis dangling between her legs.

"Uh, Fran...I uh..." Tammy mumbled as she took a step back, stopping when she felt her way blocked by her stool. She was about to move to one side when Fran stepped closer, pinning her to the table.

"Please do not be alarmed, Tammy. I do not mean to cause you harm." She said as she pressed herself against her. She smiled warmly as she looked at Tammy with a look of unabashed desire on her face. 

"When you touched me on the station, massaging my shoulders, I experienced...I asked you to stop because your touch had brought me to a climax." She said quietly. "I have experienced orgasms with Rodney, but I am programmed to do so. What I felt with you was...unexpected."

"Time out, Fran." Tammy said, pushing her away gently. "Let's slow down a little, okay?" She glanced down, then grinned as she looked back up at her. "And can you put that thing away, or at least make it go down? There's no way I'm letting you stick a horsecock like that in me!"

"I'm sorry, you told Rodney that you liked big dicks, and I thou..."

"Not that big!" Tammy laughed as she turned and pulled another stool over, motioning for Fran to sit on it. She pulled her own stool closer and sat next to her. "Okay, tell me what's going on Fran. This is all kind of sudden."

"I agree." Fran said, looking at her steadily. "I had no feelings toward you prior to that moment on the station. However, since then, I have been...random thoughts intrude when I am working on a task, or when Rodney and I make love. I imagined that it was you last night when having sex with Rodney. I have discussed it with him, and he has given me permission to engage in a sexual relationship with you."

"He did, did he? I'm gonna have to have a little chat with him about that." Tammy said. She smiled as she laid her hand on Fran's arm. "It's not that easy, Fran." She said, then stopped when she noticed her shiver, a slow, soft smile spreading across her face.

"Did you just cum, Fran? I mean, did you experience a climax, just now?"

"Yes." Fran purred, frowning as Tammy took her hand away. "Please, don't..."

"Tell me how this feels, Fran." She said, reaching down and wrapping her fingers around her cock, stroking it gently.

Fran gasped, and her cock began to stiffen rapidly, reaching full erection in seconds. Her eyes rolled up in her head, as her cock twitched, then throbbed powerfully in Tammy's hand. A moment later, a long thick stream of liquid erupted from the tip of her cock and sprayed across the front of Tammy's pants and the bottom of her vest. Several more thick spurts spat from her cockhead before Tammy could take her hand away.

"Fuuuuck meeeee." Tammy muttered as she stared at the enormous cock poking up between Fran's legs. "That was incre..."

Her eyes went wide, and she slid off the stool, backpedaling quickly as Fran reached for her.

"Whoa, hold up, Fran! What are you doing?"

"You said to fuck you." She said, smiling happily as she came toward her.

"Uh, that's not what I meant, Fran. It's just an expression." Tammy said, reaching over and shaking Angelo, then picking up a stool and holding it in front of her. "Up and at 'em Angelo, mama needs some help here!"

Angelo rolled over and sat up, letting his legs hang off the side of the table. He looked over at Tammy and smiled.

"Are you in distress, Tammy?" He asked as he dropped to the floor facing her.

"Not yet, baby." She said. "But get between me and Fran there, and make sure she doesn't get any closer."

"She's got a hard-on, babe. Are you gonna fuck her?" He asked, his own cock beginning to rise as he stepped toward her. "She's hot too. Can I fuck you with her?"

"Oh shit." Tammy gasped as she as dropped the stool and ran for the door. "Emergency override! All systems to zero on all units. EXECUTE!!"

"Chuck, this is Tammy! Cut the power to my lab, and seal the doors!" She yelled into her comm as she ran for the porter. "Can you hear me Chuck? Seal the fucking doors on my lab! Do it now! Chuck? Chuck?!?"

Interior-Robotics Lab, Central Tower

0840 Hours

"There's nothing wrong with either of them." Sam said as she spun around on her stool to face Tammy and Rodney. "Other than a few brief power surges, there's nothing out of the ordinary in the logs. Their profiles are clean, so we need to look at other causes."

She got up and walked over to the table that Fran was laying on, grinning broadly as she lifted the enormous penis she had attached. She leaned closer, pushing the thick shaft up, holding it against her tummy as she peered between her legs.

"Oh wow, this is cool, hon." She said as she eased Fran's legs apart. "She left the balls off, and she has a vagina instead. She made herself a hermaphrodite for you. Kind of makes you wonder just what she had in mind."

"She uh...she has a few of those. She must have made a new one, or modified the penis on one of them." Rodney said, coloring slightly. "I um..."

"I don't think I want to know Rodney." Sam said as she reached up and disconnected one of the cables attached to Fran's chest, letting it drop to the floor.

"I do." Tammy said, stepping closer to him, her hand brushing against him as she turned to look at the monitor. "Where did she get them, McKay? None of the prosthetics we have here are missing, I checked. And as far as I know, she hasn't been in here except when..."

"Do we really have to talk about her right now, Tammy?" McKay asked softly. He put his hands on her waist, pulling her closer as he pressed himself against her. "I want t..."

"What the fuck are you doing, McKay?" Tammy gasped, pushing him away roughly. "Get your hands off of me!"

"Rodney! What's gotten into you." Sam asked, coming over and getting between them.

"Jesus Sam!" He answered, trying to move around her. "You see how hot she is! And she wants it too! I see the way she looks at me...now get out of the way, Sam!" He said huskily, his hands working at the fly of his pants.

"That's it." Sam grunted, driving her fist into his solar plexus, then clubbing him across the back of the neck. 

McKay fell in a heap at her feet, and she turned and looked at Tammy.

"I don't know what brought that on, but I'm pretty sure it was more than him wanting a piece of ass." She said as she tapped her comm. "Cisco, I need teams in our lab, right now." She listened for a moment, then continued. "We need someone to escort Tammy to the medbay, and someone to check Dr. McKay. They'll need to stay him with till he wakes up. Make sure you tell your guys that they are not to come into physical contact with Tammy, is that understood?"

She listened again, nodding to herself, then tapped her comm off as she turned to Tammy.

"I don't know what the hell is going on, but the only common factor in both incidents is you." She said. "We need to have Jennifer check you out, so we can figure out what the hell is going on."

Interior-Medical Center 4, Bldg 39 East Pier

0900 Hours

"I just sedated her." Keller said as she turned to look at Carter. "She's not in any danger, but she was starting to whine, and it was just going to be eas..."

"I get it, Jenn." Sam laughed as she looked though the glass panel on the apparatus that Tammy was lying in. 

"If you want the truth, I wish I could..." She shook her head, and let the thought trail off.

"Yeah, it would come in han..."

"Jennifer?" Susan said from across the room. She was sitting at a console in front of a bank of monitors. "I think I have something here."

"What did you find, Susan?" Keller asked as she came over and stood behind her. Sam came over and stood on the other side of her.

"She's putting out a low level electric charge. It's barely detectable most of the time, but it pulses periodically. The intervals are irregular though." She said as she showed them the telemetry on one of the screens. 

"I think if I..." She typed out a string of commands, and there was a burst of light, followed by a high pitched whine from the enclosure Tammy was lying in. 

"What did you just do, Susan?" Keller asked as she looked at the screens.

Sam went over and looked down at Tammy, her eyes going wide when she saw her jerking and twitching uncontrollably.

"What's happening to her?" She asked as she turned to look at Susan. "What are you doing to her?"

"I hit her with a low level EMP, an electromagnetic pulse, and now I'm giving her a series of electric shocks to offset the charge she's emitting." Susan said casually. "I just need a few more sec..."

"Shut it off, Susan!" Shut it off now!" Keller barked, dropping into the seat next to her. Her hands flew over the keyboard as she watched the activity on the monitors.

The whining noise coming from the enclosure stopped abruptly, and the activity on the telemetry screens stabilized.

"Process complete." Susan said lightly as she turned in her seat. She reached over and typed a series of commands into the keyboard in front of Jennifer.

"I'm sorry, I should have told you what I was going to do." She said as she got up and walked over to the enclosure. "The article I read describes what was happening to her, and how to counteract it. Apparently, the combination of gate travel and hyperspace jumps in close proximity upsets the body's neuroelectical system, resulting in a change of the body's natural electric charge. The EMP neutralized the charge, and the shocks should return her system to its natural state."

She tapped out a series of commands on a panel on the enclosure, and a cloud of mist filled the enclosure. Moments later, Tammy began to stir.

"She'll be fine now, but we might want to get anyone that was on that mission with her checked to make sure that they weren't adversely affected as well."

"Time out, and slow down, Susan!" Keller said as she got up and came over in front of her. She pulled her away from the enclosure, stopping her from opening it. "You can't just..."

"Why not, Jennifer? I knew what the problem was, and how to fix it." Susan said as she turned to face Keller. "You made me your ancient systems expert, and I took you at your word on that. I've been through more than half the ancients medical database, and have training on every machine and device in this complex. My nurses have had..."

"Your nurses?" Keller asked incredulously. "Where the he..."

"Dr. Arbann, did you touch Tammy while you were putting her in that enclosure?" Carter asked quietly.

"Doctor...No, this isn't happ..." Jennifer sputtered.

"No ma'am, she undressed and got in on her own. The enclosure was sealed remotely from my console." Susan said, ignoring Keller's outburst.

"And you're not feeling...a little off? Maybe out of..."

"No ma'am, I feel fine. But if will make you feel better, you can have me checked. I'm sure a scan will show that I'm fine."

"No...I'm not done yet, I..." Keller said angrily.

"Yeah, I think you are, Jenn. At least for now." Carter said, looking at Susan. "You made her a doctor, and your ancient systems expert. It looks like she took you seriously."

"Susan, I want you to have one of your nurses run a complete scan on you." Carter said firmly. "I want a re..." She was interrupted by a banging noise from the enclosure.
