 Interior-Bedroom

0710

"Are you awake?" Sam asked softly, rolling over and laying her hand on Kinai's breast.

Kinai nodded, keeping her eyes clothes, then gasped, moaning softly as she rocked her head back and forth.

"What the hell?" Sam muttered, then threw the sheets aside.

"You bitch!" She said when she saw Tammy's head buried between Kinai's legs.

"I'm sorry." Kinai groaned turning her head as she looked over at her.

"Not you...her." Sam smiled, leaning over and kissing her gently. "How long has she been down there?"

"I...I do not know." Kinai moaned, closing her eyes and throwing her head back. "Sh...she was there when I awoke...I was having the most delightful dream..."

"I can imagine, she wakes me up like that all the time...and I love it." Sam giggled. "Do you want me to make her stop...or trade places with her?"

"No...please..." Kinai moaned, arching her hips up as her hands came down onto Tammy's head. She started writhing on the bed, and Sam just shook her head as she slid over to the edge of the bed and got to her feet.

"Yeah, I didn't think you would." She said as she walked over to the door.

She smiled when she saw Boris lying on a couch with Jacob on his chest. Angelo sat on the couch across from him, watching them.

"Angelo, come in here." She said.

"Yes Sam." He said as he got up and came over, stopping in front of her. "What can I do for you?"

"Call me Samantha." She said, opening the buttons on his shirt. "I want you to do to me what you did to Tammy yesterday."

"Of course Samantha." He smiled as he opened the button on his pants, letting them fall around his feet. "Tammy has already added your preferences to my systems."

"Just shut up and fuck me Angelo." She said, taking his hand and leading him over to the bed.

(-)

"Having fun sweetie?" Tammy asked her as she watched Angelo roll Sam over onto her back and slide up between her legs.

"Oh god yes." Sam moaned, as she turned her head and looked up at her.

"Why isn't...oh shit...yeah, just like that Angelo." She grunted, throwing her arms around him as her legs came up, her heels digging in under his asscheeks.

"Mmmmmm, he's pushing all your buttons, isn't he baby?" Tammy laughed, taking the bottle from Jacob's mouth and lifting him so his head rested on her shoulder. 

"God...he's better than Boris...he...he just..."

"I know." Tammy laughed.

"Whe...where is Boris?" Sam panted, rocking Angelo up and down over her as she writhed under him.

"He's busy." Tammy grinned, nodding toward the other side of the bed.

Sam gasped, her cunt spasming around Angelo's cock as she saw Kinai face down on the bed. Boris was behind her, his hand on the back of her head as he drove his cock into her with long, deep strokes.

"You need to go away pretty." Angelo said, looking back over his shoulder at Tammy. "Samantha will not climax if you keep distracting her."

"Yes I will...just don't stop..." Sam grunted, humping up at him as she held him tighter to her.

"No, he's right." Tammy said as she got to her feet and started for the door. "It's better if you give him your undivided attention."

(-)

Interior-Apollo Bridge, Sector 346C7

0840

"We're clear of subspace, cloak and shields active." Wilkes said from his station.

"How many planets in this system Parker?" Lorne asked. looking down at the telemetry panel on the arm of his chair.

"Six sir." Parker responded. "Three gas giants and three smaller inner planets. There's over a hundred moons though."

"Any activity we need to check out, or can we move on to the next one?" Lorne asked.

"There's a hive and two cruisers orbiting the third planet." Wilkes said. "Two billion kilometers, twenty minutes at full sublight."

"How long at military thrust?" Lorne asked.

"We can get there in twelve at military thrust sir."

"Are they tagged Parker?" Lorne asked, scrolling through the logs on his panel. "I don't see anything on the list for this system."

"None of them are tagged sir." Parker told him.

"Take us in Wilkes, full military thrust. Confirm cloak and shields active, passive scan only until we get close."

"Copy full military thrust." Wilkes said, his hands moving on his console. "Confirm cloak and shields active. If there's anyone there, they're not gonna see us."

"No activity on passive scans yet, we're not close enough yet." Parker said.

"Call out readings every two minutes." Lorne told him.

"I've got energy readings from the hive sir." Parker said a minute later. "Every system on that thing is fired up. No life signs yet."

"Got anything on the cruisers?"

"No energy readings, but they're moving around the hive." Parker said.

"Wilkes, how long till we're close enough to put a nuke on the hive?" Lorne asked.

"Four minutes sir."

"Weapons, prep a nuke. We've got an active hive." Lorne said, opening a channel on the comm. "We have any covers left?"

"Couple dozen sir. Two minutes on the nuke."

"Copy, let me know when it's ready."

"Wilkes." He said. "Be ready to beam the nuke as soon as weapons says it's ready."

"Parker, I want constant readings, call out any changes, no matter how minor."

"Copy sir. Reading an attitude change on cruiser two. Cruiser one holding steady."

"What kind of attitude change?"

"They're powering engines...shit, they're moving...our direction. They may have spotted our window when we exited subspace."

"There's no way, not at that distance." Wilkes said.

"Wraith sensors aren't that good." Lorne agreed. "There's no way they saw our window from where they are."

"Cruiser two is closing sir." Parker said. He put a graphic of the system up on the main display that showed their position relative to the hive and the cruisers.

"Wilkes, ready missiles and Asgard beams." Lorne said. "Do not power the beams yet. I doubt if they can detect us, but I want to be ready just in case."

"Aye sir, six missiles armed, beams on standby."

"How long till contact Parker?"

"Three minutes sir...major, there's a subspace signal coming in, wide band, multiple frequencies."

"Put it on screen, but do not respond."

Todd's face appeared on the main screen, and Lorne flinched, then shook himself.

"I know you're out there Sheppard." He said, looking away for a moment. "We detected a subspace window..."

"Can you put a nuke on cruiser two from this distance Wilkes?"

"Yes sir."

"Weapons, is that nuke ready yet?" He asked, opening a channel.

"Aye sir, it's ready to drop."

"Copy, get another one ready."

"Confirm. Two minutes."

"Put that nuke on the cruiser, and detonate it if they so much a twitch Wilkes." Lorne said. "Then send an encoded microburst to Atlantis, telling them what's happening."

"What are you doing here Sheppard?" Todd asked.

"Cruiser two is slowing sir."

"Drop the nuke Wilkes, but hold up on the microburst in case they can detect the transmission."

"Package away." Wilkes responded. "We'll be on them in one minute, ten thousand kilometers to port."

"Copy. Energy readings on that cruiser Parker?"

"Still slowing sir...weapons not powered, but their sensors are active. They're looking for us."

"How long till you can put a nuke on the hive Wilkes?" Lorne asked.

"Less than a minute sir."

"Loop in weapons, as soon as they say go, drop it and detonate."

"Weapons active on cruiser two sir...they're firing...wide to port."

"He's fishing." Lorne smiled, sitting back in his chair. "He thinks saw something, now he's trying to get us to give away our position."

"You may be right sir. Cruiser two increasing speed." Parker said. "Passing to port in twenty seconds. Cruiser one is moving away from the hive, also in our direction."

"Full stop when we're in range to drop Wilkes." Lorne said. "I want constant tracking on both cruisers Parker, speed and distance."

"Aye sir, cruiser two is one million kilometers aft, moving away at full speed. Cruiser one is closing, looks like half speed."

"Package away on the hive sir, full stop. Prep..."

"Belay that order Wilkes." Lorne said. "Detonate the nuke on the cruiser then do a slow ten count and blow the hive."

He looked up at the image of Todd as Wilkes detonated the nuke on the cruiser.

"He's on the second cruiser." He smiled, then looked at Wilkes. "Blow the hive Wilkes, I wanna see how he reacts."

"Detonating."

"I knew I should have prepped another nuke." Lorne laughed as Todd's face showed an expression of surprise. "We're recording this right?"

"Yes sir. Cruiser one is opening a subspace window...they're bugging out sir."

"Let's sit for a minute, then send full telemetry and video to Atlantis." Lorne said. "I think we earned our pay for the day...but I want to take a look around this system before we go home. "

(-)

Interior-Kitchen

0930

The comm chirped, and Tammy looked around on the table, then patted her pockets. "Shit." she muttered as the comm chirped again. She got to her feet and walked over and hit the button on it.

"Go on Tammy."

"Tammy, is Sam awake yet?" Samuels asked.

"No, she's out like a light Andi." Tammy laughed.

"That's unusual for her." Samuels said. "She's usually up by now."

"We were up till almost five Andi, but I can wake her up if you want." Tammy said. "Or you can tell me, I might be able to give you an answer. I'm a queen too you know."

"Of course Tammy, I didn't mean..." Samuels said. "I need both of you, but this will be of particular interest to her."

"So what do you have Andi?"

"We received a transmission from the Apollo." Samuels told her. "They sent a data burst with telemetry and video."

"Anything good on it?"

"I haven't seen it yet." Samuels said. "I asked Col. Sheppard and Caldwell to join us in the conference center..."

"Okay Andi, I'll see if I can wake her up. We'll be there in a little while." Tammy said, trying not to laugh as she closed the connection.

She walked out of the kitchen and went over to the bedroom. She smiled when she saw Sam sprawled out on top of Angelo, while Kinai straddled Boris, her hips working in slow circles as she pumped up and down on his cock. She had her arms crossed over his chest, her head hanging down, her hair hiding her face.

"She still alive Angie?" She asked as she sat down on the side of the bed.

"Of course pretty." He smiled, looking at her as his hands moved up and down over Sam's back. "She has been sleeping for twenty-seven minutes, but resists when I attempt to withdraw my peni..."

"Yeah, I felt the same way." Tammy nodded. She looked down at him and asked, "You got anything left in the tank Angie?"

"I have not ejaculated pretty, Samantha did not request it." He replied.

"Give her a spurt, then a pulsing burst every ten seconds, and let's see what that does."

He complied, and Sam's hips moved, working in a gentle rhythm up and down on him. Her face screwed up in a frown and she whimpered, "Noooooo, don't cum yet..."

"Time to get up sweetie, we have work to do..."

"Nooooo, I don't want to..." Sam whined.

"Are you still hard Angie?" Tammy asked.

"Don't you do it..." Sam said, turning her head to look at her.

"I have to Sam, they need us in the conference center." Tammy soothed, running her hand over one asscheek.

"They can wait..."

"No, you have to get up...now." She said, bringing her hand down on her ass with a loud SMACK.

"Take her into the bathroom Angie, and hold her under a cold shower." Tammy said, looking down at him.

"Nooooo." Sam whined, tightening her arms and legs around him as he sat up on the bed, then slid over to the side.

She wrapped her arms around his neck as her legs closed around his legs, but he put his hands under her ass to support her as he walked into the bathroom.

A moment later, Tammy heard a scream, then, "Let me go you asshole...now goddammit...oh, oh yeah...do it like that!"

After two minutes, she walked into the bathroom, laughing when she saw him holding Sam against the shower wall as he drove his cock in and out of her.

(-)

Interior-Conference Center, North Tower

1010

"Sorry it took us so long folks." Tammy said as they walked into the conference center.

"What do you have Andi?" Sam asked, smiling at her as they sat down.

"We heard from Apollo, they found an active hive, and destroyed it." Sheppard said, grinning at her. "They just entered orbit, so Lorne should be with us in a minute."

"Do we want to wait for him, or..."

"I'm here colonel." Lorne said as he walked into the room. "What did you think of the video? To..."

"We haven't watched it yet Evan, we just got here." Tammy said, smiling at him. "But John said you found an active hive and destroyed it?"

"Yes maam, a hive and a cruiser. But it's what happened during the engagement that makes this interesting." Lorne grinned.

"Then by all means, tells us Evan."

"Since you haven't seen it yet, I'd like to let you watch the video before I say anything else if you don't mind." Lorne laughed. "I think you'll enjoy it more that way."

"This is your show Evan, so we'll do it your way" Carter smiled at him.

Samuels started the video, and they watched for more than five minutes before anything happened. Caldwell was about to speak when Todd appeared on the monitor.

"You found him!" Tammy shouted, leaping to her feet. She grinned as she turned toward Lorne and said, "Please tell me you blew his ass out of the sky!"

"I'm sorry Lady Tammy, but we didn't get him." Lorne said, shaking his head as he looked down at the table.

They watched the rest of the video, then Lorne turned to the queens.

"I'm sorry..."

"You have nothing to be sorry about Evan." Carter said as she got up and walked down the table. She put her arms around him, kissing him on both cheeks, then said, "You did us proud today Evan, and your crew did you proud."

"That was a textbook engagement of an enemy force." Caldwell said. "I didn't see one thing that could, or should have been done differently, from your orders, to crew response."

"Then add it to the training curriculum when you start the academy, along with the engagement where you killed the queens." Carter said.

"You were planning on getting a secondary off the hive, and letting that take out the second cruiser, but he moved on you." Sheppard said, looking through the telemetry on his tablet.

"Yes sir, by the time I realized he was going to be out of range for that, we didn't have time to prep..."

"No, you were right. I would have done the same thing." Sheppard said. "Good strategy, and an excellent use of ordinance."

"What I want to know is, how did he know you were there, or was he just guessing?" Samuels asked

"They detected the subspace window with this." He said, bringing a small sphere out of his bag. "It's a microsatellite with a small sensor pack good for a few thousand kilometers, and a transmitter. There were hundreds of them in that system."

"How the hell did you find that thing?" Caldwell ask as he stood up and took it out of Lorne's hand. "It's not even four inches across."

"The first one we found was still broadcasting, so we beamed it aboard when we got close and could pinpoint it." Lorne said. "Once we had the frequency, we just jumped around the system tracking the signal, and picked up a dozen of them. It was Wilkes idea."

"Bring him by the residence for dinner." Carter said, then looked over at Tammy. "On second thought, bring the Apollo down and have your crew assembled in the dining room in the east tower at noon."

"Yes maam." Lorne said. "We were just do..."

"Don't pull a Kevin on me Evan." Tammy laughed as she came over and took the sphere from Caldwell. "You and your crew kicked ass, took names, then sent the Wraith a Fuck You post card by picking up these little sumbiches. That is way above just doing your job."

(-)

Interior-Dining Room, East Tower

1200 Hours

Sam and Tammy walked into the dining room and stood at the head table. The room had been rearranged, and extra tables added to accommodate the Apollo crew.

"On your feet!" Tammy said in a loud voice, and as they scrambled to their feet, she pumped her fist in the air and shouted, "Apollo!"

"Apollo!" She shouted again, and this time Sam, Sheppard and Caldwell joined in.

"Apollo!" She shouted, pumping her fist in the air as she walked around the room. This time, most of the crew joined in.

She walked around the room, grinning at them as she shouted Apollo over and over, until everyone in the room was shouting it with her.

She waved for them to sit down as she came around to stand beside Carter. 

"Daedalus may be the flagship of the fleet, but the Apollo is the best fucking ship in the fleet. And you keep proving it again and again." She said, grinning from ear to ear. "I promise you, when I have to go somewhere, or if I just want to take a joy ride, I'm doing it with you, because there's no one I trust more to get the job done!"

The Apollo crew leapt to their feet, cheering wildly. Tammy let them go on, applauding with them, then finally waving them down again.

"The mission you went on today is going to be added to the curriculum of the naval academy when it is established, along with the mission that destroyed the Wraith fleet, and killed all of their queens." Carter said, looking out over them. "This crew is setting a standard that we are going to expect the rest of the fleet to strive to match as it grows...if any of them can."

"Weapons, on your feet." Tammy said, smiling as three men in the middle of the room stood up. "In the engagement with the Wraith, these three men prepped and armed nineteen nukes in less than half an hour so they could be placed on hives. So far, they've prepped and armed nukes with timers that have been left on seventeen more hives. And today, they blew the shit out of another hive and a cruiser."

"We're promoting all three of you one grade, and you each get a bottle of hundred year old scotch from Gen. O'Neill's personal stash." Carter grinned as she looked at them. "Just don't tell anyone where you got it!"

"Sensors, on your feet." She went on, watching as two men stood up.

"You're not going to believe what these two guys did today." She said, the awe obvious in her voice. She held up the Wraith satellite as she said, "This little sucker isn't even four inches across, and they found it in a system filled with rocks, debris, and god only knows what kind of other shit, so it could be beamed aboard, then they isolated the signal it was putting out and used that to track a dozen more, so we could take those too."

"We're promoting both of you one grade, and you each get a bottle of eighty year old bourbon from my personal stash." Tammy said. "And I guarantee, this is the smoothest shit that will ever pass your lips."

That got a laugh from the crew as they got to their feet to applaud their crewmates.

"We have another bit of business, but Col. Caldwell insisted that he be allowed to take care of it, so we'll turn things over to him." Sam said after everyone was seated again. "Stephen?"

"The engagement this morning confirmed something that Col. Sheppard and I have been discussing with the queens, and I don't see any point in putting it off any longer." Caldwell said he got to his feet and looked around the room.

Sheppard stood up, smiling as he said, "The performance of the crew of the Apollo is a testament to the leadership skills of their commander. So, with the consent of the queens, Col. Caldwell and I have decided to promote Major Evan Lorne to lieutenant colonel."

"Evan, they didn't just have my consent." Tammy said, smiling at him. "I insisted on it."

"Thank you Lady Tammy." Lorne said, getting to his feet.

"We'll have an official ceremony later, but we wanted your crew to know before anyone else." Carter added, then glanced over at Caldwell. "But I don't think Stephen is done yet."
