 It was that time of year again.

Every two to five years, actually. Once a year would have been preferable, but professional obligations kept Aestu tied down to her ship; thankfully unlike some species, her race had quite a bit more control over their mating cycle. In any event, she had now taken leave, donned her old mercenary's outfit - a simple deep teal jumpsuit - and was flying the shuttle back to her private abode on a small planet.

The world had an abundance of vegetation but no animal life whatsoever; located in a bit of space claimed by several galactic powers, but none had any inclination to visit the world or leverage their claim. Aestu had no claim to the planet at all, but being uninhabited, out-of-the-way, and peaceful - being in the eye of the storm, as it were - it made a good location for her little condo, well-concealed inside a rock formation. She had excavated it herself.

Aestu valued her privacy. A commodity she often lacked aboard the Capri. But now aboard a one-man shuttle, light-years from the ship, and yet a good thirty minutes from her destination, privacy was something she could take for granted.

She rose from the chair and stretched her toned ivory legs. Examined herself in the shuttle's coat-closet mirror - amongst so many other races she had to remind herself her appearance was not a personal idiom but characteristic of her nearly extinct species.

Long lavender hair, high cheekbones, smooth pale skin, pointed ears. Other species had found her - her species - most remarkable trait to be their opaque, reflective eyes, like those of the Terran mouse - they found them inscrutable. And of course her breasts - very impressive by the standards of most species - round, ripe and firm, longer than they were wide, just the right texture. Aestu was attractive even by the standards of her race. Long-lived, she would not see visible signs of aging for another century or two.

Travelling at sublight, the planet loomed larger and larger in the viewscreen. Still another ten minutes away. With her abode - and relief - so close, her desires were aroused. Through her tight dark teal unitard, she reached down and kneaded herself with her forefingers. Reclined back down in the pilot's chair and continued to knead and knead. Double-pleated folds in the custom unitard concealed flaps that let her run her hands through down under to the bare skin of her thighs and groin. She slid her hands in on either side and began to work herself with her fingers. Closed her dark eyes and thought of what awaited in her abode...fingered and touched and teased, it began to get wet and tight down there...

The control panel beeped. Time to make the landing.

Aestu sighed deeply and pulled her hands out from her unitard. Still a bit moist and sweaty from their work, she nonetheless worked the controls in a rote and disinterested manner, pulling the craft in through the pristine blue atmosphere, over the vast swaths of moss and fungus on massive formations of sandstone and limestone that were the world's alien topography. She landed on a naturally flat caldera - the way up to her loft was up a simple ladder along a rock wall a few meters away.

The air was dry, cool and still. A little thinner than what she had become used to on the Capri, but a little thicker than the air on her race's lost homeworld. The stillness and quiet of the planet was breathtaking, unearthly. As far as the eye could see, brilliant reddish sunlight on the moss and fungus growing on the greenish rocks.

Up the ladder, into the loft. She flicked on the power-up sequence - a simple metal switch next to the equally simple metal door recessed into the rockface, which opened with the turn of a lever. No fancy security features. Not even a lock. Why bother? If anyone found it was here, no precautions could keep them out, and reinforcing the unattended abode would only convince any who might find it (unlikely given its well-hidden location and powered-down state) that it was worth pillaging.

Inside...the entire abode was one big atrium. A layout characteristic of the style of her people. A central swimming pool, roof of transparent aluminum open to the brilliant reddish-orange sunlight, columns circling the central pool, ringed with ceramic pots host to a variety of strange, long-lived plants - the purplish-green mosses and lichens indigenous to the planet, as well as the curious bluish reeds - like a cross between cattail and bamboo - that were the only other surviving species of Aestu's lost homeworld. The floor tiles were smoothed stones of the same greenish limestone and sandstone that was the planet's terra firma. Behind the columns lay the few amenities of the abode - a computer, food dispenser, lathe, science lab, and racks of objects' d'art.

The alien's opaque eyes glistened with the light reflected from the pool. Humans, she knew, often found bathing an erotic experience, but not with the same fervor as her people. The sight of the warm, pure, clear water aroused a visceral erotic response. A throaty, grunting moan escaped her lips.

Aaahhhunnnhhnnn...

She grabbed at the recessed zipper of her unitard and pulled it down; in a second the garment lay at her delicate white feet, just a bit wide by humanoid standards, with four toes on each. Her naked body was beautiful by any humanoid standards - marbled, toned flesh, generous breasts, glistening white oblongs, firm to the touch and half again as long as they were wide, on a trim, toned torso. The only physical peculiarities unique to her species were a genital orifice a bit narrower, rounder, more muscled than most - like Terran lizards and avians, Aestu's race had never evolved separate reproductive and digestive tract, and had only a single orifice squarely between the legs - and a series of dark purple fleshy stripes beneath each of her ribs, like long bruises. She continued to groan and moan, sexual urge now beyond restraint, as she walked, now naked, up to the pool.

Uhhnnnfff...aaaarrrrhhhh...initiate the program...arrrrhhhghhhh...

She dove into the pool. The warm pure water was not cathartic - rather, it further excited her, like an expectant lover on a fur blanket. The water ran over her body and along her ribs as she swam with a powerful breaststroke, a good eight kilometers an hour, up and down the pool, down to its twenty-meter depth and back up again. Through the flaps along her ribs she took up moist-tasting air and delicious hydration - like a sea breeze on a hot day.

It was a satisfying experience for her race, swimming naked in a pool of water. Her people's homeworld had been a mess of swamps and jungles, its surface eighty percent water, most of it shallow freshwater. They were not true amphibians - they could not survive underwater indefinitely - but they were much better adapted to swimming than most humanoids.

After an hour of vigorous swimming, fully hydrated and exhaling moisty breaths, she emerged from the pool. Her pale white skin glistened with moistness, her hair shined brilliantly in the light - and all around her, the computer program had come to life.

Though she was the last daughter of her race, she had taken on a fondness for the Humans. If Humans found the pointed ears and blue skins of some other races appealing to their fetishes, so too did Aestu find unique appeal in the Humans. Group sex was something her people took as a given; for Humans it was considered eccentric at best and aberrant at worst. That they turned something normal to her species into a delightful taboo added a tantalizing new dimension to its practice for the alien. And besides, she was very much alone in the galaxy amongst species that were aliens to her.

Her dark opaque eyes, glistening with replenished moisture, were greeted by a pink-skinned Human male, compact but thick and built by the standards of his people, gazing down into the pool, squeezing and stroking his meaty phallus as he gazed at her intently. Aestu met his gaze, again, a long, guttural moan issued from her delicate lips. He continued to stroke and pump himself with his fist, staring at her with pure lust. All about him, other handsome Human likenesses created by the computer, of both genders, stripped off their likewise contrived camp shorts and tee shirts and loose robes and began to engage in lovemaking all around them, on the benches and recliners around the atrium, even on the floors and up against the sandstone walls. She swam with broad, powerful strokes, full of lustful excitement, up to the ramp, and then walked with that same passion to the man. Kissed him deeply, her pink tongue in his red mouth, pulled away, dropped to her knees and began to savor his great pink manhood - long, thick, veined, beautiful. Full of power to satisfy.

She neither sucked the organ nor pumped it with her hands but did something in between - squeezed its length with both her delicate hands, pumping it like a tourniquet, while licking and sucking the head hard. With her ring and pinkie fingers she played with the scrotum. The organ, despite being merely a simulation, responded with completely convincing realism and throbbed in her grasp. She was more than ready. Aestu laid herself down on one of the padded sandstone couches, her back flat against its length, her cervix and its single orifice raised upwards in a bestial copulatory position, and groaned at the Human with lust. Laid her two right forefingers on her abdomen towards her groin, an inviting gesture. Mhhhrrraaaaarrmmmmnnn...

In heavily accented English: "Sex...give me your sex..."

The Human complied, seizing his manhood within his broad grasp and pushing it into the warmth and wetness between Aestu's spread legs. She sat prone and watched the manhood slowly slide into her orifice, dilated with excitement. The manhood made itself comfortable and began to slowly pump her in and out. Aestu reclined, luxuriating, as the muscles of her orifice began to tighten around the manhood, pushing and pulling against its motions. Had the Human been real, he would have found the sensation overwhelming. As it were, Aestu sat and enjoyed the view - the Human's toned abs and his broad, veined manhood entering and exiting her body.

It didn't take long at all for him to climax. A few changes Aestu had made to the program - she had set the emission for the male actors to maximum, then doubled the cap, and tied matter synthesis hardware into the system so that the emission alone was made of real, tangible matter, created in real-time. As the Human actor lurched and heaved, groaning loudly, her opaque eyes rolled and dilated with satisfaction as warmth filled her within. The Human panted in gratified exhaustion.

Aestu sat up. With her left hand she firmly pumped the Human's rapidly deflating penis. With her right, she reached under his penis, grasping his testicles in the same manner as a farmer about to castrate a pig. Checked their heft - they had contracted to a centimeter each. He was empty. She gently but firmly kicked him away with both her feet and glanced about at a dark-skinned Human who happened to be walking by - already naked. She repeated her demand. "I need more sex...more sex..." Laid back down, again made that brash gesture with two fingers towards her groin. Again the Human complied; this time she watched as a mud-colored manhood and abdomen went in and out of her.

The alien was not enervated by her previous coupling; on the contrary, her sexual fervor rose to new heights. Fondled one of her long, ivory torpedo breasts with one hand as her orifice contracted and dilated counter to the Human's passionate pumping. Ordered the first human, "Lllleeettt meeee taaaassteee youuu..." Obediently the simulacrum walked to her side, oblivious of the rude usage he had just received, and allowed the alien to take his manhood, fondle it, suck on it, smell its rich musky aroma. Again her eyes rolled upwards in ecstasy. This Human lasted a bit longer before he too released his store of ejaculate within her. Again her orifice dilated; the deflated organ slowly slid out, a fleshy mudslide. Due to its musculature, her orifice was much tighter than a Human's and reflexively retained the deposit of ejaculate - only a few small trickles from the nearly exhausted manhood soiled her thighs and groin.

She repeated the same crude gesture as before, grasping her second lover by the balls, feeling their heft. Empty. No other men were nearby. She got up and glanced about. Throughout the room, most of the Humans had already coupled off - some trios here and there - and were engaged in fornication in all manner of positions and with all levels of intensity. Nearest to her were a short blonde female riding a tannish Asian-European halfbreed male, the female's perky conical breasts bouncing up and down, both moaning and groaning. She walked over. "Morree sekkksss...I neeeed mmooorree malleee passssionnnn..." She pressed her right hand flat against the female's face, and with the other, shoved her by the shoulder right off him, throwing her to the floor.

The Human female's male partner showed no reaction, and without a hitch, Aestu stood astride him, reached down and guided his manhood into her, and began to pump it with her inhumanely tight orifice and powerful hips. It was now her voluptuous breasts bouncing up and down with her body on the halfbreed Human male. Up and down, up and down. The blonde female continued to lay sprawled out on the floor where she had been thrown. Aestu's race typically preferred much rougher erotic play, though this degree of violence was well into what would have been considered sadomasochism; for her people the fetish typically did not involve implements other than mere physical aggression. Both the other two humans now stroked her cheeks and lips with their phalluses, slowly regaining their turgidity. The Human female suddenly rose from the floor and began to moan in sync with Aestu - unghhh, urhhhhh, urghhhnnn, slapping her wide buttocks as they continued to bounce up and down on the sallow manhood.

This Human, in turn was exhausted; again his emission was retained within her. Aestu felt the growing warmth and satisfaction within her but still lusted for more. Rose, kneed the Human male she had been riding in the side, pushing him off the couch, then laid down on her belly and lustily bawled, "I need...sex! Come here! Now! Give me sex!"

Like the computer-generated marionettes they were, four male Humans, different pigmentations and heights, all beefy, well-built and well-endowed, rose from their female partners and came to Aestu's side. One after another they pulled her up by the hips and pumped her single narrow orifice and were pumped in turn, their manhoods drained. The orifice became turgid, glutted, muddy with male emission. The female Humans stood about, humming and moaning, stimulating themselves and rubbing their men's shoulders and torsos while they were engaged servicing the alien.

An hour of frenzied copulation later and finally her stamina began to wane, her appetite sated. She passed out on the couch, and laid there, dead to the world, for a good sixty hours, unseeing eyes open and glassy with fulfillment, her expression blank and body limp, white curvy flesh soiled with sweat and male Human emission.

The alien awoke slowly, the warmth in her groin settling down to a gentle afterglow. The program had ended; the atrium was as empty as when she had arrived, not a trace of its phantasmal occupants. Her nude form rose uneasily, dizzy with exhaustion and dehydration, gripped her abdomen in nausea. Stumbled her way to the lavatory and straddled over the stool.

From her orifice clusters of pea-sized roe came forth - like bunches of grapes. It was the act of copulation that triggered the release of the unfertilized gametes from her ovisac. The alien stood over the receptacle and gazed down at the roe, rubbing her lower left flank in relief and ruminating. What might have been the nascent progeny of five or ten fathers - the Human insult amused Aestu - lay dormant in the still water. Unlike most species, the females of her race felt no more attachment to their eggs than the males of most species did their sperm, for the same reason: biological economy. A tap of her foot; she watched the doomed roe flushed down the drain, into the matter decompiler.

From the food dispenser she ordered a giant bowl of spicy bluish-green stew and starch-filled dumplings. She devoured them ravenously, then dove back into the pool and swam around in the pool - not laps, but aimlessly, to the twenty-meter bottom and up again, from one side to the other, quite literally happy as a guppy. With a tinge of melancholy. With the extinction of her species and her busy professional life, this hedonism was all life had to offer her. Though, if nothing else, it felt SO damn good. And the discomfort in her ovisac that had been a constant of life for the last three years was gone, at least for another two or three years.

Aestu toweled off and put her unitard back on. She felt relaxed and completely in control.

Ready to go back to work.