 It was a warm Spring Day. Cute critters scampered about, Squirrels twisted up trees with their bushy tails, Deers cautiously bit at the lush grass, slowly looking back and forth into each distance every so often, in attempts to be wary of predators. Each creature stared into a beautiful abyss of glowing yellow spores, mixed in with a moist fog which carried out the light even more throughout the atmosphere of the woods. Blue Birds flapped their wings, chirping happily, as they perched on top of a skinny branch. 

They looked down into a strange area, in the middle of the Woods, a significantly large opening of trees left a rounded clearing of grass in the center. Streams of light hit the area from one side. It was close to Sundown. In the very center of the clearing, a peculiar black-skinned dragon stood on it's hind legs, much like a cute mouse would if it were reaching for food. The big dragon looked intently into the vessel, as he muttered to himself. 
"...It'll need more than that.." 

The dark creature's blue-violet eyes glowed a ray of deep indigo color into the black pot, illuminating his activities in a shroud of blue light. His charcoal claws caressed his chin. He held a wooden ladle, which he stirred into a black cauldron. He balanced the spoon to the tip of his jaws, where his white fangs hung out. A small taste went into his mouth.
"Hmm, just a little more to go... I'll get there..." 

He persistently stirred for hours on end, until Dusk began to reveal itself.

The Stars began to put on their show, one by one. A sea of white light grew in the blackness. Nathmurr looked up as he stirred, seeing the full moon come into view. He gave a look of focus and anticipation, as he reached for a couple of ingredients standing on a mossy stump. Bottles full of unusual objects could be seen filled with vibrant glowing feathers and strange dusty fungi. He popped off the cork of the bottle with his bare claws, as he added a strange piece of round black material. He spoke to himself, conceded in his activity.
"Just another Demon Spider Eye... Two love crystals..."

The Night was upon him, and the Moon shined directly above his personal grove. He smirked with excitement, as he added the 2 red glowing crystals. A 'plop' sounded twice into the mixture. The concoction started to boil, he looked up to see steam and smoke flaring up in the form of a giant flame! The cauldron shook violently, as the side abruptly cracked.

The forest began to howl, from the depths. The trees all around within the borderline of the forest tilted towards him with a low-sounding 'creak'. Leaves rustled in the cool night air. The forest moaned as their trunks towered over him. Innocent lifeforms retreated from those parts, sensing the presence of something powerful and mysterious. The rumbling treacherous noises stopped, as the darkness around the forest literally began to gather right before Nathmurr's eyes.

 It clumped together into one massive body. Even the optical glow from Nathmurr's vivid corneas could not reveal the abyss that looked back at him. It stood dead-center... Nathmurr clasped his claws together, smiling, as he  almost bounced up and down, like an excited child. A dreadful voice slowly materialized from the black, which hovered in front of him, as whispers followed its tone. The voice of a female could be heard as though it were talking from inside several echoing caves. The void was like a messy black hole.

"..Who art thou? ...Why hast thou urged me to awaken,

The shadowy figure ceased it's mysterious noises for a split-second, scanning him up and down, curiously.

Uh, Strange... Lizard?"

Nathmurr placed his front claws on the ground and tilted his head. He raised an eye to her remark, questioning it's choice in words.

"'Strange lizard?' ...What? Hehe, you mean, 'Dragon?'"

Her ambiguous form came in closer. The entity grew bigger in attempts to intimidate him. It raised it's voice.

"Fool! I know what thou art!! I hath been asleep for 500,000 years! My memory is, err.. uh, Weak..." 

Nathmurr smiled, making a sunny grin. This slightly bothered the cranky Spirit. "That's alright! I have just the thing for you!"
Nathmurr reached behind the fuzzy green stump, his back and hind legs faced toward the supernatural being. She continued to eye him from behind, glaring at his muscular tail, and the finely carved physique of his hind legs. Something was familiar about him. A strange urge swept over her, as her arm materialized like a silhouette. She began to hear her own infinite whispers, pushing her to do... Something. It's arm slowly reached out, drawing closer. Suddenly, his wings stretched out of his back, picking up a multi-colored liquid contained in a small jar. He casually turned around, dropping it from his wings, and into the tips of his sharp claws.

She jolted her hand back, quickly, almost gasping. She had no physical heart... But despite this, there was still something warm beating deep in the depths of her. For some curious reason, she felt like she knew this "Dragon".

An owl scooted from behind a tree in the background, sitting on a tree branch with it's wide eyes. It tilted its head in amusement, as it watched their conversation.

"Ahh, here it is! This will help you with regaining your memory! I REALLY hope it works... 
He, he..."

After repeating his remarks, his eyes panned down to the side, exuding an attitude of great mischief, and somehow... An expression of Bashful infatuation, as well as a slightly concealed smile.

The entity realized Nathmurr's face when he had said this. At first, she was reluctant to grab hold of the potion. The jar began to float. Being all the suddenly too shy to touch anything, she brought the bottle closer to herself, using  some kind of paranormal mystic power. 

She looked into Nathmurr's deep blue-violet eyes. Something about him almost felt like, déjà vu to her...
Out of an urge of her own peculiar nervousness, the lady began to stall. As something behind her memory began to create feelings of caution.
"So, Dragon.. I hath not learned thy name?"

The bottle stopped mid-way in the air, while her orange eyes appeared from her own darkness, waiting for his answer. 

"Wouldn't it be better for me to tell you AFTER you have better memory?"

She stuttered. "W-well, I was... Just curious! I hath the reasons to ask thee! I doth not intend to be questioned!" 
The eyes squinted with angry resolve. Nathmurr touched his two claws together nervously.

"Look, I promise you, that if you take this, you'll remember everything, okay? You won't regret it, I promise!" 

A labeled tag stuck on the glass spelled "Memory Restoration Elixir" in fancy calligraphic handwriting. She replied "Hmm, fine." And then continued to bring the jar close to herself. She assumed a humanoid form, and grasped the container. An unseeable orifice drank the liquid. She watched the colorful liquid drain out from the inside, Nathmurr watched intently... As did the owl. The slimy, but thick liquid left her with a super white coloration on her face, with streams of faded color mixed in with the sweet substance. "You know, this is a rather strange mixture, Dragon. What is in this?" 

Nathmurr's voice started to muffle a laugh. He almost snorted. A feeling of incredible rage and happiness filled her to the brim, as she began to remember... EVERYTHING! 

Nathmurr burst out crying in laughter. He held his belly with his back to the ground. His mouth pointed to the moon and stars, opened agape in unrelenting shrieks of belly-laughs. He tried desperately to reach for an empty vile to contain his tears in. She watched, in a mix of joy and anger as he rolled around on the ground. 
"You FELL, for the same trick, AGAIN! Oohhh, you even liked the way it TASTED!!" 
The laughter continues.

Already beyond realizing that her memory was going to come back anyways, and that she did NOT have to drink anything to regain it, especially not what he gave her... She began assuming her true form, as per how the ritual intended in the long-run: She had a black hood that covered her head, a glowing purple line went along the center of her robe, and met to the top of her hood. Her orange eyes stared at him. Fuzzy ears began to pop up from the top of her head and out through 2 slits at the top of the fabric. Her face's dark grey fur went with her clothing. Her tail, extended out from behind her, thick and dragon-like. Her face showed the characteristics of a beautiful wolfess with a black nose. 

She quietly walked up to him with her clawed furry canine feet. With a calm and serious tone, she asked him a question while staring into his eyes. The silence broke Nathmurr's laughter, and he looked up at her with a still, but cute dumb stare. She knelt down, and her face met his. 
"So... You, remember my name, don't you? 

Nathmurr looked her back in the eyes, seeing the same things she recalled. She put her padded claws up to his cheek-bone.

"After all of these years, I wouldn't be surprised if you had forgotten it... I had even adopted a new accent from being locked away in a whole other era..." 

Nathmurr attempted to break the harsh sincerity of her serious behavior. He didn't like seeing someone he knew in such a vulnerable state.

He tried to come up with something, but stuttered. She tilted her head, giving a quiet smile, as if to listen to what he was going to say. 

"You're accent? Hehe, I didn't notice!" He blushed.
He made a nervous smile, trying to hold back his many feelings he was having.
"Well, I thought you sounded pretty hot in your accent...! Zerah."
She smiled wider, and got closer to his face. "You remembered my name? Even after 500,000 years?" 
He laughed, and continued to be awkward. "Uh, yes... I-I guess I just thought you w-"

At that moment, she put her hands around his face and pressed her mouth against his, forcing his face into a deep kiss. At first, Nathmurr flailed for a small moment out of surprise, but then began to slowly relax, as his back went down. The movements of their heads went along with each other's. His heart beat faster and faster, as he accepted his reunition with his long-lost lover. He let her breathe and tongue sway their ways into his jaws and through his teeth. This brought back memories that were long buried deep in the dark of his mind. Finally beginning to tear up, Nathmurr had finally opened up. He was afraid to feel this way again. He let go of his coverup for his affections. The act, the pranks, his nervousness, the teasing and the silly humor. He had lost her in these ancient woods so long ago. Now that he found her, -A way to bring her back, he could finally let go. 

"Zerah, I... I'm sorry. When we had that fight here, I thought you ran to the Village. I had... No idea, you were d-"

Zerah put her fingers in front of Nathmurr's mouth, interrupting his guilt. "Ssshhh, it's alright. I'm back now. I won't be leaving." 
Zerah drew in again, and continued to kiss him. This time, her furry hands glided down his smooth scaly dark back. Nathmurr's skin reacted, and changed its color to a dark crimson, but slowly faded back to black. His tail grew longer, it slithered up the back of Zerah's neck, holding the back of her head, keeping the front of her bright orange-eyed face in place, preforming another romantic kiss. He grasped her back with his claws, digging in gently. This caused a cute pleasured 'yelp' to escape from her muffled mouth as they kissed.

Nathmurr leaned up, but only to be gently caressed on his chest, and slowly laid back down to the ground. He let out a smile, being smitten with her love and lust. She put one leg over him, laying her middle over his stomach. Her soft, tender, middle began grinding its way down past his waste. He continued to grope and fondled his claws through her fur, right below her waist, and all the way up under her robe. He felt a pair of soft plush and furry breasts as he went up. She slowly buttoned off her robe, taking it off, moving his hands away, and still covering her breasts in a teasing fashion. She let back her hood. Her pointed ears perked up as the whole robe came off. 

Nathmurr's tail altered its shape as it elongated further, becoming two tails. One glided along her bare rear, as the other wrapped around her, holding them together. Zerah sighed and moaned, as his erection slowly prodded against her back lips. His tail slithered against her rear cheeks. It began to push underneath his bare member, burying it past her soft lips. Taking her mouth off of his face for just a moment, she helplessly let out a long whimpering sigh. Zerah's head tilted back out of pure orgasmic reaction. She carefully let herself down all the way over his rod, having it press it's way inside down her middle. Her walls pulsated around his penis rapidly. 

Sounds escaped his throat, Zerah cuffed her mouth over his muzzle, muffling his growls of pleasure. "Mmmmph". 
Her soft warm breasts slid along his chest as they rocked back and forth. Nathmurr picked up the pace. Her pussy got tighter with every desperate thrust of his large meat. After pushing as far as it could go, they both began to reach a climax. Nathmurr kept plowing as he came inside of her, her cum bursting in climax too, but he eventually stopped at the end of the tunnel, releasing most of the steaming hot cum, pumping it into her womb as both their sexes twitched in raw pleasure. They wailed out loud and satisfied moans.

 He moved his meat around inside, allowing the cum to fill every space. All the way from her uterus, to her pussy's soft entrance past her clit. It squirted out inside of her, with extreme density and moistness, mixed together with her fluids. Still buried inside of her, he started to grin. She wasn't spent yet. It was only a matter of time for her. His cum worked as a powerful aphrodisiac. The orgasmic chemical was seeping into her body at that very moment. Seeing it take effect so slowly, but so erotically. Her face started to relax, her bright orange eyes looking into his, she started to drool. Her eyes tried to roll up, as he slowly pet her head, he whispered, "Yeees, that's it... Take it aaall in." 
She gasped in insanity. She was desperate for even more! She yelled desperately in between orgasms, her mind blank, only wanting more. "G-give me m-more, pl-lease!" He shuffled from underneath her boobs. "Don't worry, you'll get even more than what you're asking for."

Nathmurr opened his legs further, another member began to rise it's way out. Both of them increased in size. They looked similar to that of a horse. Still left over with the cum already flooding out of her, Zerah takes one from the very back. Just for fun, she begins gliding her hand along the giant member, feeling the smooth skin, griping it, trying to jack it off. She then positions it from behind her anus, ready to place it in and load herself.

The first one starts to penetrate her pussy, separating her walls with his enormous girth. The head stopped for a little while, but then slowly started to slip right in, as the giant meat stick slid inside, and back out. Her breathing begins to get slightly hectic. The cum from before covered over his cock more and more, the more he kept slowly moving it up and down at very long strides. It went in easily, taking long for just one full stroke, because of its length. Next, the second one made entry, creating a mass stimulation of pleasure inside her. Both her holes were now pulsating in a type of rhythm. Insatiably wanting more, her vision wouldn't allow her to see straight. She simply let out a laugh of pure ecstasy. The long tubes, started to throb inside. She began pressing down harder in order to go faster. 

Out of reflex, Nathmurr's tails flinched and wrapped hard around her hot body, pushing her down, and lifting her up. Words could not describe the greatness she was experiencing. She came again, the juices flowing and dripping down his first cock. She synchronized with the tails, and helped herself go faster. A twitching, fuzzy sensation traveled up both Zerah and Nathmurr. His two members both began to pump the works into her. She desperately clamped down on both, making sure it was tight, and that every drop made it far inside her. They slowed down, his cock still pulsating inside of her, and her pussy reacting vice-versa. They slowly ended by sharing a sweet, long romantic kiss. 

As cum covered both of their legs and waists, Zera rested on top of him. Her body pressing against his scales. Softly smiling, staring into his eyes, she strokes his chin. "What do you say we clean up this mess?"
Nathmurr nods. She turns around, facing her flesh between her legs directly towards Nathmurr's face. His two enormous cocks were drenched in cum. Nathmurr slowly brings his tongue inside of her, licking the remains of his cum from her tight fleshy cave. Slithering it down, and curling it up from the inside bringing it back, repeatedly. Zerah's face beholds the two members. She sees the cum all the way down at the bottom almost where his balls are. She starts from the top, and sucks the remaining cum from the top of the hole. Tasting the sperm, she swallows it. 

Getting a sweet taste, she puts her mouth over the head, and moves her tongue around. He feels her tongue writhing about all over his head. He starts up once again. "Mmmh" She pushes the whole thing down her throat, continuing to play with it using her mouth and tongue. She couldn't resist the cum's allure. She sucked at his cock, hoping she could milk out what's left of it. Laying down helpless, he drew his head back, forehead touching the ground. She urgently stuffed the other cock into her middle once again, as she still sucked at the one in front of her between her breasts. Both went off again, giving her what she needed. She swallowed and gulped each massive pump that rippled through her muzzle. Streams and sudden squirts sprayed out of her pussy as the cock pulsed more into her. Her jaw clamped tighter over his rod, giving his 'milk' only one passage. Still, her tongue caressed the large end portion, writhing through each squirt. He felt her throat gulping each release he gave with every one of his orgasms, cradling his throbbing rod deep in her throat

They continued at this multiple times. And soon, eventually, Morning came too. Nathmurr woke up to the sound of wind way out in the distant background, and the birds singing their songs in the trees. Looking down at Zerah, seeing her smiling head rested against under his chest area. Her arm and hands were relaxed on top of his chest. He heard the hoot of an owl, who was up way past his bedtime. Looking at the owl's face, he realized the owl had been there staring at them the whole time. It stared intently, almost looking like it was expecting something to happen. Zerah lifted her head up. 

"Good Morning, big guy."

He smiled and replied back. "Good Morning, my love." 

Nathmurr's stomach abruptly made a deep rumbling noise. Zerah's head turned at it's direction. Slightly surprised, she made a suggestion. "Maybe we should go to the Village, and get us something to eat?" 

Nathmurr's eyes widened. He thought about the "Village" that was reduced to rubble and ashes so long ago. And the town that was built in its place. Then after the Earthquake, the Town had been replaced with an entire City. Sorcery and Dark Age creatures may have still existed on her Planet, but how was he going to explain Cities and vehicles to her? Since she was likely going to be pregnant, he needed to find a way to get her adapted to their time and age. Nathmurr thought of something quickly. 

"Hey Beautiful... Way Long ago.. Do I remember You saying you always wanted to fly?"

The End