 Ring.

My eyes shot wide open before shutting again, groggy with sleep.

Ring ring. 

Slowly, I sat up from my bed and let out a loud yawn. Before I could do anything else, though, the doorbell rang again. The rude awakening flared my temper, but I held it back. Instead I reached for a shirt and made my way through my apartment to the front door.

Ring ring ring. 

"Hold your horses," I said as I reached the door.

I opened the door just as the bell went off again and was greeted by two familiar faces. The first was Kay's. Normally a shy girl, she kept to herself. At the same time, when you managed to get her to open up, she was a sweet friend. This morning, she wore a light blue shirt with a long, flowing black skirt. It barely hid her nice figure, but only barely. Her blonde hair reached down to her shoulders and currently hid part of her face as she wore a nervous look.

The woman accompanying her was Jess, one of her best friends. She was more of a trouble maker than Kay, but in a good way. Yet, she was just as sweet. Always a caring person, she would always find time to help her friends out when they needed it. She was slightly larger, but she still made it work perfectly; especially around her chest. Her pink tank top did little to conceal any skin, but did go well with her blue jeans. What always struck me most about her, though, was her face. It was both cute and striking at the same time, always framed perfectly with her long, black hair. That fact still rang true, even with a look that matched Kay.

"Zach, we need your help," said Jess anxiously.

"Are you guys ok?" I asked, concerned.

"Yeah," she answered, giving a look to her friend. "I mean no. I mean, we don't know. Can we come in?"

"Sure," I said, moving to the side.

Quickly, they shuffled in to my living room as I closed the door behind them. The three of us then stood there for a few minutes, the silence stretching out. It was clear both didn't know where to start, but I was patient; worried, but patient.

Finally, Jess spoke up. "Something happened last night, and we don't know what to do."

"What happened?" I asked.

"We were having a sleep over," Kay said. "We just out in my apartment and played games. But, when we woke up, we found something was different with us."

"Different?"

"Just look."

Kay turned around, lifting her hair up as she did, with Jess joining her seconds later. On the back of both their necks was a small device of some sort; like a computer chip with a bit of wiring going into their skin. They only showed me for a second before turning around again, clearly embarrassed.

"What are those?" I asked, trying to contain my shock.

"We don't know," Jess said. "We woke up with them this morning. We don't know where they came from."

"And we can't remove them," Kay said. "They are attached tight and any attempt to take them out just hurts us."

"That's not all," muttered Jess.

"There's more?" I asked.

Jess looked at Kay for a moment before pinching her own arm sharply. Instantly, Kay yelped, grabbing her own arm in the same place.

"Ow!" she shouted at her. "What did you do that for?"

"We had to show him."

"You could have warned me first," Kay shot back, rubbing her arm slightly.

"Wait," I said, slowly realizing what happened. "You felt that?"

"Yeah," she answered. "We feel everything the other feels."

"We think it's the things on our necks," said Jess.

I reached for the door handle as I said, "we need to get you both to the hospital. Maybe they can-"

Both reached out at the same time and each grabbed an arm. "No!" they said in unison. A moment later, they let go, but continued to stare at me.

"We don't want to go to the hospital," said Jess. "Who knows what they'll try to do. Please, just let us stay here until we figure things out."

I glanced between both of them before sighing. "Alright. But, if anything happens, we go straight to the hospital. Deal?"

Kay smiled slightly. "Deal."

"Any chance I can get some food?" Jess asked. "We rushed over so fast that we didn't have time for breakfast."

"Sure," I replied. "I have some cereal and fruit in the kitchen."

I led them to the kitchen and grabbed a few bowls while they sat down at the table. Kay took some fruit from the bowl at the center while Jess poured herself some cereal and I did the same. As we ate, the silence grew along with the awkwardness. More so, though, my curiosity grew about their situation.

Breaking the silence, I asked, "How much do you guys share?"

Jess stopped eating and looked at Kay. "From what we can tell, everything the others feel physically. I can't taste the banana Kay is eating right now, but I can feel it in my mouth. Or her mouth, I guess. For me, it's sort of like chewing on something tasteless."

"And I feel the spoon and cereal as Jess eats," said Kay. "It's really unnerving."

"So, it's just the sense of touch, then," I said, thinking out loud. "Yet, you also receive the effects of that touch, like pain. I wonder how any technology can do that."

Kay raised her voice. "I don't care how it does it, I don't want to have it happening to me."

The tension in the room grew until Jess let out a loud sigh. "This whole thing is stressing me out. Mind if I take a shower?"

I shrugged. "Uh, sure. Though, what will you do for fresh clothes?"

"I was just going to borrow some of yours, big man," she said with a wink.

It took me only a moment to realize that would work. While I wasn't overweight or muscular, I was tall and certainly much taller than the both of them. Any shirt or pants I give her would suffice, if not drown her.

"Alright. Let me grab you some and a towel, then."

I quickly grabbed a large shirt, a pair of sweatpants, and a towel from my room and handed them to Jess, who was waiting outside of my bathroom. She thanked me with a smile before heading inside. Thinking ahead, I turned around and grabbed a second set of everything and laid it on my bed in case Kay wanted one later too. Afterwards, I found Kay curled on the sofa. I sat on the opposite side, being careful not to get too close. I knew she was scared right now and I didn't want to make matters worse. In the background, I heard the water of the shower as Jess started the shower in her own attempt to calm down.

Kay shivered in front of me as she said, "It's so odd. I can feel the water hitting her skin."

"But not the heat?" I asked.

She placed her hand on her upper chest. "No. It is just hitting my skin, massaging my body. I can even feel it falling down my skin. But, I know there is no water really there." She held herself tighter. "I hate this. It's like my body doesn't know what to feel."

Slowly, I slid over to her and gently grabbed her hand. She looked at me with confusion in her eyes, but I met her gaze with a faint smile.

"Focus on what this hand is feeling. That is your body. These feelings are yours."

She smiled back before inching closer to me. After a little positioning, she wrapped my arm around her while snuggling into my arm, her hand never leaving mine.

"This is a feeling I enjoy," she said to me.

I rested my chin on her head in response. I never admitted it, but I always had feelings for Kay. It was never more than a feeling, though. I dared not pursue them because I worried I would lose my friendship with her if something went wrong. So, I let my feelings stay to the side and chose to keep our friendship intact. Of course, a moment like this certainly didn't hep much. I may just be trying to comfort her during a rough time, but that didn't stop my heart from fluttering a little.

I felt Kay's head shift slightly as she looked up at me. "Zach. I wan-"

Suddenly, she gasped loudly. Her body jolted away as she sat straight on the edge of the sofa. At the same time, her face became beat red and her arms lifted slightly.

"What's wrong?" I asked, concerned.

She looked at me, but had trouble keeping eye contact. "I... Um... Nothing, nothing is wrong. I just need to Jess. Hold on."

Without another word, she quickly got up and headed straight for the bathroom door. I sat there for a few, bewildered moments before getting up and following her out of concern. By the time I reached the door, Kay was already knocking on it loudly.

"I know what you're doing in there," she shouted at the door.

"Kay?"

She turned suddenly, her face still red. "Zach!"

"Everything ok?"

On the other side of the door, we heard the water shut off.

"Yeah... Ah... Everything is fine. I just..."

"You're not running a fever, are you?" I asked as I moved my hand to her forehead.

She stopped my hand just before touching and held it in front of us. "No, no. I promise I'm alright."

The door to the bathroom opened suddenly as Jess stood there, still damp from the shower and a towel wrapped around her hair.

"So much for having a relaxing shower," she muttered aloud. She looked at our joined hands and smiled. "Seems I missed something while I was in there."

Kay dropped my hands instantly, turning a bit redder. "Nothing happened."

"You forget I feel everything you do," she said, her smile growing.

"The same goes for me," Kay glared back.

Jess' smile faded. "Oh. That's why you're upset."

"Am I missing something?" I asked.

"Don't worry about it," Jess said with a wave of her hand.

Kay lowered her head and sighed. "Now I need a shower."

"Oh," I said. "Hold on. I grabbed some clothes for you too."

The tension was growing, so I rushed to grab the clothes and towel. When I returned, I found the two of them whispering to each other. It was clear to see Kay was flustered while Jess wanted to avoid the conversation.

"Here you go," I said, holding out the stuff.

"Thanks," said Kay, ending the conversation.

She turned and went into the bathroom with a loud slam of the door. Next to me, Jess sighed and made a b-line to my room. I followed and watched her flop down on the bed, the towel flying off her hair. Softly, I sat on the edge of the bed and eyed her.

"What's going on?" I said with genuine concern.

She stared at the ceiling as she replied, "The situation is stressing us out, that's all. You know she doesn't handle stress very well."

"How are you handling it?"

"Just as badly." She held her hand in front of her just as the water turned on in the bathroom. "This whole thing is freaking me out. And all my usual methods of coping aren't working."

"Hanging out with friends, exercising, stuff like that."

"You could try yoga."

She smirked. "I'm not that flexible." Her head turned to me. "It does help to have you here, though."

"I'm always willing to help," I said with a smile.

Her eyes suddenly widened before returning to normal. "She certainly knows how to toy with me."

"What?"

"Nothing." Swiftly, she sat up and looked at me. "I want to thank you."

"For what?"

"For being here for us. Its not every day you have situations like this and you are handling it well while helping us."

"Of course. You're my friends."

"I know, but still. I really want to thank you."

Suddenly, she closed the gap between us and kissed me square on the lips. It was a gentle kiss at first; just a light caress. It soon grew with passion, though, as she pressed her body against mine. I was shocked at first, but soon responded in kind. My arms wrapped around her as I pulled her even closer. I soon felt her hands on my back as she embraced me tightly. After what seemed like eternity, we both broke the kiss and rested our foreheads together, still holding each other close.

"Wow," I said after a few moments, a loss for words.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," she said with a giant grin.

She moved in for another kiss and I responded instantly. Our lips remained locked as our hands danced across the other's back. I even felt her nails dig into my shirt, trying to rake my skin. Soon, I couldn't help my hands as they started to snake up the back of her shirt. Her skin felt smooth and damp from the shower, making me want more.

"What the hell are you doing?"

Both of our heads snapped to the side to see Kay standing there, dripping wet in just my shirt.

"I'm just thanking him," Jess said with a smile as her hands fell to her side.

"That's more than thanking him," Kay snapped back.

"Oh, don't give me that. You caused this."

"How is this my fault?"

"Ladies!"

Both looked at me as I stood up next to the bed.

"Calm down please," I continued. "Please don't fight."

Kay bowed her head slightly while Jess sighed with her arms crossed.

"Kay, I'm sorry. We got caught up in the moment."

"I'm not," Jess said simply.

"How can you say that?" Kay asked. "You know how I-" She stopped herself quickly.

"How you what?" I asked.

"She likes you, Zach."

Kay's eyes widened. "Jess!"

Jess ignored her and continued. "She likes you and she is upset that I kissed you. Though, since she felt it, she sort of kissed you too."

"Its not the same," kay said softly before turning to me. "Its true. I was going to tell you earlier on the sofa." She turned back to Jess. "How could you tell him? Or kiss him for that matter?"

Jess pointed at Kay. "It's your fault."

"How is it her fault?" I asked.

"I was trying to relieve some stress in the shower, but she stopped me. Then, she made me even hotter when you started to play with boobs."

Kay's face turned bright red. "Jess!"

"Hey, I don't lie when I'm horny."

I looked at her. "By stress, you mean..."

"I was rubbing one out, yes." She shrugged. "It's my form of exercising. But, now I'm just frustrated. I'm sure Kay is too."

The look on Kay's face confirmed it.

"I think I should leave you two alone," I said, standing up.

"Please wait," Jess said, grabbing my shirt gently.

"This seems like something you two have to handle alone."

She gave me a look that left no room for interpretation. "I don't want you to leave."

I stared at her for a few minutes before looking at Kay. "Do you want me to stay?"

Her eyes watched me carefully for a minute before she nodded. I could tell she wanted me, even if she was scared. Slowly, I moved towards her and wrapped my arms around her waist. I lowered my head gently as my hand lifted hers until our lips met. It was a simple kiss, but held all of my feelings; both for this moment and her. She was shocked for only a second before moving into the kiss. At that moment, I felt her feelings as well as they passed through her lips to mine. When we finally broke it off, the both of us just stared at each other.

"You were right," I heard Jess say behind us. "Its not the same."

"Sorry," I said to Kay. "But, if we are doing this, I want to do it right."

"I don't mind," she replied with a smile.

I smiled back as I kissed her again. This time, I put forth more passion. My hands danced along the back of her shirt, just stopping short of lifting it up. Her hands, in the meantime, found their way to the bare skin of my back, gripping it firmly. All the while, our lips stayed locked, parting only slightly to change positions occasionally. Then, abruptly, she pulled away with a small gasp before looking behind me. I glanced back and saw Jess slowly kneading her breasts through my shirt while she wore an excited look.

"You can't expect me to do nothing when you kiss her like that," she said through a smile. "You two are hot. Not to mention I'm feeling those lips."

I turned just as I heard Kay giggle for the first time today. "I guess not," she said with her own smile.

Gently, she pulled us both to the bed and we flopped down right next to Jess. I was lucky enough to have a queen size, so the three of us fit, though a bit snuggly. As soon as I landed, Jess moved in to kiss me again. Our lips and tongues danced together for a few moments before I broke it off to kiss Kay. Jess didn't seem to mind, instead choosing to play with her breasts again. It was clearly affecting Kay, as her breathing became heavy and her kissing more passionate. After a few moments, I pulled back to give her a little breather.

"I don't do this often," she said through her breaths, "So I don't know where we go from here."

"Here," said Jess. "Let me show you."

With a swift pull, she lifted my shirt over and off her head. I couldn't help but stare at her wonderful chest. Her breasts were nicely sized with large areolas. In the center, her nipples were rigged with excitement. As soon as she removed the shirt, her hands went to her breasts and started to massage them. A few pulls of her nipples enticed moans out as well.

"Your turn, Kay," she said through her moans.

Kay fidgeted with the helm of the shirt as she said, "But I don't have anything underneath."

I was confused for a second before I realized she wasn't wearing any pants. My guess was the shirt was her only piece of clothing.

"It's alright," I said, holding her hand. "Take if off when you're ready."

"In the meantime," said Jess, "I'm going to focus on you."

Before I had a chance to say anything, Jess leaned over and quickly undid my pants. As soon as my member was free, her hand wrapped around it gently. Her hand was smooth and warm as it slowly started to play with me, rising and falling along its length. Now, I wasn't the largest man out there, but I wasn't ashamed of my length either. It was clear to see she enjoyed the sight too.

I leaned back, letting the pleasure wash over me as she worked her magic. Next to me, Kay leaned in and resumed kissing me passionately. I pulled her close in response, adding my roaming hands into the mix. My fingers found her breasts through her shirt and started to massage, which caused Jess to moan again.

Suddenly, I felt Jess' hand vanish from my cock only to be replaced by another warmth; a wetter warmth. Kay pulled away slightly, allowing us to both look down at her. Jess slowly worked her mouth along the tip of my cock, lightly sucking it and licking it with her tongue. Then, she lowered her mouth more, taking me for half my length before pulling back and repeating the process. Her skills on the tip were enough to drive me wild, but I couldn't help but moan every time she took more of me.

"So, that's what it's like," Kay said next to me.

My mind lost in pleasure, all I could muster was a simple, "Huh?"

"I've never given a blowjob before," she said as she touched her lips. "This is my first one. Sort of."

With a small pop, Jess stopped and looked up at her. "You can have a go in a minute. I just couldn't help myself when he started to play with my boobs. I mean, your boobs."

"Who am I to deny you both the pleasure," I said as my head cleared just enough.

Without a second thought, I grabbed Kay's breasts again and started to fondle them once more. This time, I got a moan out of them both. Kay thrusted her chest towards me, clearly wanting more, while Jess went back to massaging my dick with her mouth. Then, Kay stopped me suddenly, much to Jess' disappointment. But, it was only for a second, so Kay could remove the shirt and bare her chest to us. I saw a flash of her pussy as well, but she quickly put the shirt in her lap to prevent any more views. Instead, I was treated to the sight of her wonderful chest. They were smaller than Jess', but a tad perkier. Her nipples were smaller as well, though no less rigid. It took only a moment for the urge to grow before I rushed forward and put my mouth to a nipple. My lips sucked and my tongue danced over the tip, making sure she felt every movement. All the while, my hand went to the other breast, making sure it got attention too. They both started moaning loudly at this, with Jess' being the most notable as it spread through my member. She made use of this, too, by choosing that moment to put me deep in her mouth. it caused a wave of pleasure through me, bringing me close faster than I expected. As I felt myself reaching the brink, I stopped everything just so I could get a breather.
