 Conqueror's Reward

Prologue

Diun'ja was the greatest warrior his people had ever seen. He had won many battles and much honor. As was custom the strongest was chosen for the breeding as was his reward. A world was chosen to spread his seed and through this spread his perfection as his people saw it. It was an isolated world where his progeny could grow. Earth was its name and the inhabitants would be unaware of the true purpose of this alien visitor. 

Mistaken for the Homeless

Diun'ja traveled from the landing site dressed in street clothes that his people had given him to better blend in. He was lured by the city lights of L.A. Even from a distance it drew his attention. In this place there were many opportunities to meet potential mates allowing him to spread his genetic material.

Diun walked the streets of Los Angeles taking in all the new sights. There were building he had never seen and many people dressed in strange garbs. He must have wandered a good portion of the city before he decided to rest. Uncaring of the cold he fell asleep on a park bench in the middle of a park. Diun awoke to feel something tap his foot and a woman's voice. Shifting where he lay he caught sight of an attractive brunette in a uniform. It was the middle of the night and a full moon hung overhead. The badge she wore said police on it. Diun ignored her and went back to sleep. There was another tap on his sneakers this time more insistent. Annoyed he rolled over to face the cop and found a second one with black hair done up in a pony tail. She had tanned skin and the features of a Hispanic woman. Her body was tight and slender. This time she had been the one who had tapped his boot. 

The other woman was backing up her partner when the black haired woman said, "Alright buddy time to get a move on or we'll have to put you in the squad car and take you downtown." 

Diun disliked the threat that was implied in her voice and rose to his feet. Growling he returned the challenge staring down at the two women. The second one moved for her taser firing it at him. The jolt that would have put down a full grown human no matter what size he was didn't bother Diun. For him the jolt was barely noticeable though it was clear what she tried to do. Picking up the dark haired one by her uniform he tossed her into the second one easily. The two women fell to the ground together unconscious from the impact. The attack now answered he moved off no longer interested in staying there. On his way out he found their cop car and to avoid possible pursuit he decided to put it out of commission.

Jessica and Patrice woke up to find the homeless man gone and rushed to the cop car. Exiting the park they found it laying there tipped over on the street. Looking inside they found the radio ripped out and the camera inside the car destroyed. Patrice pissed off kicked the side of the car. She couldn't believe something like this had happened. It took awhile before her partner was able to calm her down. They decided to walk back to the station and possibly wave down a police car along the way before one of them spotted the perp up ahead.

Diun had just started walking away when he heard someone yell, "Freeze!" Standing in front of a wall he merely sprang over it landing in a crouch on the other side before continuing on. Both women looked at each other in disbelief. Finally Patrice after a moment led the way after him leaping to catch the top of the wall. Hoisting herself up she offered a hand to her partner who did the same. After landing on the other side they unholstered their guns continuing the pursuit. 

"Shouldn't we shouldn't we just let this one go and call for backup?" Jessica said as they continued to follow his trail. Looking for any sign of him Patrice replied, "And tell them what? That we lost the perp after he somehow managed to knock us out, flip our car, and leap over a wall right in front of us? Are you nuts? They'll laugh us right out of the station! Now come on!" Patrice said leading the way. Jessica was close behind when she saw Patrice disappear suddenly and she moved around a nearby corner. 

Jessica wasn't able to get a shot off as she followed and was caught by surprise with a punch to the gut. The wind knocked out of her she folded to the ground her legs giving out. Patrice was on the ground in a similar position holding her gut and barely keeping herself from puking. Looking up Jessica saw the perp looking down at them waiting to see if either of them got up. Both women's bodies had never taken a punch that hard and would take them a little while to recover.

He picked up both their guns now loose on the ground and tossed them on the building they were leaning against. Satisfied that they were in no condition to follow he turned around. Patrice managed to catch her breath and got up. Charging she tried to leap on his back and catch him in a sleeper hold. Jessica's partner had a good grip and had taken many other much larger opponents by doing just that. This time however Jessica saw the man quickly turn around and catch her with one hand by the throat. 

Shaking his head in disgust at this continuing annoyance he decided that no other choice but to embarrass them to try to end this. He intended not to hurt them seriously and would hold back. Letting her go he ripped open her sleeve tossing it aside then backing away. Patrice not getting it attacked again with a punch only to lose another piece of her clothing. Jessica soon began to see the rules. Every time he was attacked Patrice would lose something. Deciding to hit him while he was distracted she aimed low for the back of his legs aiming with her nightstick. A hand caught her near the collarbone and squeezed before she could even bring the weapon to bare. Jessica's eyes rolled up into her head as she passed out. 

By the time she woke up Patrice was riding the man they had just been fighting. Sliding up and down on his cock she felt him cum coating her insides. Jessica was so shocked she could only stare at the whole scene aghast. Pushing Patrice's heaving body off so she rolled onto her pile of clothes beside him Diun got up. Jessica was soon given a face to face with his huge member still stiff, and hard now wet with her friend's juices. The moon light illuminated his tan skin and powerful form as smiled the smile of a predator stalking his prey. Even now his pheromones were beginning their work but Diun was growing impatient. He was beginning to like the softness of these human women. Even now he yearned to feel their velvety softness envelop his pole as he fucked Jessica as he had her friend. 

The other one had been less resistant he found this one far more admirable. She reminded him of one of his own species' women. Mating among his people were far more violent in comparison. A male had to prove his prowess by showing his strength. The act fueled their hormones of both causing the mating to become much more heated. The other one had begun to show him some new things before she finally lost it and mounted him riding him to the end. 

Grasping Jessica's hips he pulled he up onto her knees. Positioning her in front of him he was given a pleasing view of her crouch. Ripping a big enough hole to expose her beautiful pussy he rubbed it with his fingers stroking her. Jessica sucked in a breath gasping at how good it felt. Slipping his fingers inside he copied his earlier actions with Patrice. Stroking her he teased her pussy until she begged for release. Smiling Diun slipped his cock in easing it in inch by inch. Grasping her hips he buried himself all the way up to the hilt. Jessica sighed in contentment as she felt his full length buried inside her Jessica's body shivered with anticipation. 

"Fuck me please fuck me!" Jessica cried out. Needing no more encouragement Diun gave Jessica what she wanted. Grasping her hips plunge his hips forward as he used her hips to pull her back against him giving hard deep thrusts. Building up a hard pace skin could be heard slapping against skin as their two bodies slammed together. 

"Ah, ah, ah aaah!" Jessica screamed passionately a Diun hammered into her.

"I'm gonna cum!" Jessica yelled after ten minutes of this her body squirting out her juices all over him. Her whole body spasmed as the orgasm wracked her from head to toe. After pulling out his sperm on its way into her womb he got up and got dressed. Two women were now pregnant in this surprising turn of events. 

Jessica was still gasping for air shivering in the cold night air when Diun left the two of them. It would take awhile before her or Patrice were in any condition to head home and get dressed. Both were sore but still feeling the effects of their orgasms as they tried to recover. Seeing him leave Jessica wondered who the stranger was and where had he come from? There was no doubt that she and Patrice would remember this night for the rest of their lives. They would call their sergeant later and try to explain how their car got flipped, and try to get it returned to the station. Even now Jessica knew they would have to lie. Who would believe the truth?

Sniffing his fingers Diun licked Jessica's juices off his reveling in the taste. No one had told him how good human women tasted down there. Their cum tasted ever so sweet, and satisfying. His taste buds went wild as he licked his fingers clean his thoughts turned to idea of eventually getting more. 

A Female Hiker

To avoid any further trouble from the police Diun decided to move away from the city for a while heading out to the hills. He had discarded most his clothes preferring to leave them behind once he reached the safety of the hills. Already he began to dislike their constriction and how they made his body feel hot as he hiked up the hill towards the Hollywood sign. He felt quite free like this without the restrictions of human clothes. A young female hiker was making her way up the path and spotted the naked man up the slope. His body well formed not too muscular. His species were not built to get much bigger for they were far denser than humans. Though his skin looked soft like theirs it was in fact stronger than any metal after dealing with strong gravity from his homeworld. 

The woman stood dumbfounded looking at his alluring body every bit masculine. She made an audible gulp as he neared her, his pheromones filling her nostrils and making her body excited. She looked down in shock to find her nipples already hard and her pussy juices soaking her panties and pants. 

She had extra set of clothes in her backpack and she would need them as Diun ripped open her shirt before planting a hard kiss on her. In a second movement he tore her pants open tossing them aside. 

Monica a petite blond with small breasts and sexy curved ass stood now naked in front of the well-hung Diun. How all this had happened she didn't know but she didn't argue with her luck as he bent down and picked her up hoisting her right off the ground.

The strange man must have been 6'4 towering over her at Monica's height of 5'2. All the natural lube her body was producing was about to be put to the test as his massive member buried itself into her helpless body. Hanging off him she was jarred by the impact as he began to fuck her Monica's orgasms coming all too fast. Every nerve in her body was so sensitive and she didn't know how long she could last like this. Part of her felt like she was going to die by being fucked to death her body finally giving out under the strain. Monica felt like a rag doll and was loving every minute of it. Never before had she felt like this with every other man, and she didn't want it to stop. Sweat covered her body and her breaths came in gasps. Monica felt like she was running a marathon as she seemed to climax without end against this seemingly tireless machine of a man. 

With a loud growl she felt him cum inside her spurting his great load. Monica whimpered as she sensed that the experience was over and this strange man would leave her. 

"Please don't leave me. I have a house not far from here. You could spend the night there and leave in the morning if you wish." Monica suggested hopefully. Diun nodded seeing such a thing could prove useful. 

Helping her dress he carried her back to her home because her legs could no longer carry her for a time. Diun found clothes from one of her old boyfriends that he had left there inside her closet. Some of the more baggy sweats and t-shirts fit him and he picked the most ideal to wear. He had decided that though he might have to wear human clothing it was not necessary to be uncomfortable. 

Before he left Monica begged for him to take her one more time. This time he experimentally tried a slower pace to see how she handled it. These human women appeared to be more fragile than the females of his species. It wouldn't do to kill one of his mates so he tried things more slowly. Her responses to this change further encouraged this. 

Monica wrapped her legs and arms around him meeting each thrust. Pumping in between her legs Diun became fascinated by this response. Normally his species simply took what they wanted hard and fast. Now it was not nearly pheromones that were bringing her to orgasm but his improving technique. He sensed every reaction before she made it anticipating her. It was a new experience not simply breeding but giving a part of himself. The sound of her breathing, and her smell heightened his own pleasure. 

Kissing her neck where it met the shoulder he heard her gasp out, "Yes, Yes. That's it! Don't stop! Ohhh Sh----ttt!" Diun felt her cream all over his cock her mouth hanging open. She kissed his neck as she tried desperately to catch her breath her chest heaving.

Diun had been unaware he was even capable of this and it was a welcome discovery. Monica's orgasms were fewer but more intense as her body was barely able to contain it. On the last one she passed out overwhelmed and exhausted. Diun was sure even now that a child would soon begin to grow in her womb. In a matter of weeks not months she would give birth to a healthy child that would be his. He had not talked to her the entire time at least not verbally. 

He merely communicated his intentions unconsciously as was common among his people. Monica would raise her hips during sex allowing him better access or give him a glass of water when he wanted it earlier that morning. He could achieve this after making a conscious effort to communicate it. Speech had been forgotten years ago among his species. Even now he was barely relearning it instead he decided to stick to sensing her intentions just as she sensed his. It began with an image or emotion. Sometimes it was hard to describe. He simply knew what she wanted. 

It was a beautiful feeling when dealing with humans. Their emotions were less raw like a pouring river and more like a gentle stream. Diun found it soothing as he let it flow through him mixing with his own emotions. He communicated how beautiful he thought she was at that moment gently planting that image in her mind. Like a flower she opened up to him it was Diun's turn to gasp as he felt the full impact of it.

The thought of this woman carrying his child filled him with unusual pride. Normally his people did not open themselves to the thoughts of their partners especially when they considered them inferior. By all accounts that is what humans were. His people were the picture of physical perfection. None suffered from any physical ailment or disease. 

They were tougher and stronger. Their minds sharper than the greatest of the humans able to anticipate an opponent, and take preemptive actions to defeat them even before combat commenced. Diun remembered each battle he had ever fought in and those that belonged to his forbearers. In his DNA were the memories of thousands of males and females from his line that came before him. Each lesson had helped shaped him adding to his own personality and strengths. 

He had proven his line to be superior and all had bowed before him acknowledging his perfection. The new title of Nafi had bestowed to him for he was the first to ever rise to such a height. Even after he had bred with the unwed females of legal age many more of his own people's women awaited his seed seeking to share in his superior genetics. Why did he not feel as honored by that notion as he once had? Was it perhaps that he felt a kinship with these humans? 

In the beginning their two species had not been dissimilar. His people had advanced far because their desire to prove their own genetics. When a new species came their genetics strengths were added to their own, and those who were not strong were merely breeding stock to make their children strong. Eventually the weak were bred out and only the powerful remained. 

Diun's mind now turned to the woman on the bed before him. Her name was Monica and he saw her dreams and desires. She wanted children one day but had been told that she couldn't. Despite this he sensed that his DNA had only fixed this problem. The first sample had healed her imperfect womb and the second had planted his seed there. In their coupling he had and sensed their potential. 

A new doubt was placed in his mind: Did he really want to leave is progeny to fend for themselves? Why not stay and see them grow up? Perhaps he could even see what they would do on this far removed world, and what of the mother's of his children? Diun had no doubt his children would act out of the ordinary. 

While some might not notice their mother's soon would. Eventually they would seek out their birthright as warriors yearning for the call of combat.

Even now Diun remembered his past experiences. It had a strong pull among his people. Through it genetics were proven as with every other physical or mental competition. That same drive would exist in his young no matter what the humans tried to teach them.

Why he worried about such things when none of his kind had before he didn't understand. 

Putting these thoughts aside he kissed her cheek tenderly an image of tenderness he had seen in her mind. She would have her wish for a child and he had provided the opportunity. Walking out of the house he headed towards the lights of the city. Already exciting possibilities filled his thoughts and he was eager to see what else he could learn from these humans.

Naughty Librarian

Diun decided in light of all he had learned already he should do some more studying on humans. Heading back into the city he eventually found a library where he could have access to books to learn from. Picking out books on sexuality he placed his hands on each page reading it by touch. Each impression from a former reader gave him the information the book carried within it. He was so engrossed in what he was doing that he didn't notice a librarian sneak up behind him. 

"Find what you needed?" She asked a smile on her face as he turned. Diun calmly turned to look at her returning her smile. 

Sending her the impression he hadn't she replied, "Would you prefer a book on sexual positions?" This startled Diun as he noticed that he hadn't consciously communicated it. Was this a side effect of having sex with humans? How else had they begun to affect him that he had been unconscious of? Why had his people not told him of this risk? Diun had never heard of anything like this happening in the past.

Recovering quickly without her noticing Diun smiled acknowledging her question. Looking at the floor shyly Dana tried to gather her courage as she tried to think of what to say. 

"If you want I would be happy to show you some personally." Dana said blurting out her innermost desires. Her hand quickly covered her mouth as she realized what she had just said to him. Dana wanted to simply get away her face burning with embarrassment. 
