 Uzara breathed deeply to still herself, calm her racing heart and take control of her anxiety. She closed her eyes to stop looking at the massive gilded doors of her mother's domain she had passed through three years ago upon maturing into a dedicated servant and worshipper of the demonic Patriarchdom.

In her mind's eye she remembered all of the things she saw, places, people and cultures in her pilgrimage to visit every profane site of her gods and goddess. The love of the Patriarchs and their wife, the goddess of Sin, had touched all of the known world, the soil, the people and the air itself. She consulted with the thousands of broodlords who lorded over the domain of their Patriarchs in their name, learned their cultures and saw the true and undeniable love each demon bore for all things living.

Her fondest memory was that of the distant west, a metropolis of sin, decadence and corruption built upon the surface of a blasted wasteland. The people there were fraught with strife, disease and decay until their lord arrived to save them. Under the broodlord's rulership, water flowed in rivers and the people eagerly leapt into the benevolent demon's arms and welcomed into the fold. Such stories were many across the Patriarchdom as the demons came to do away with the needless pain and suffering, but this one resonated with her far more.

Just remembering the time when she was heavy with the broodlord's children was enough to have her leaking boiling cum out of her turgid and long nub-covered cock. She was just a simple demon like the millions of her brothers and sisters but her time as a youngling was at an end and a greater purpose awaited her.

She was an omnibus, those blessed with the shapely visage of the perfect demonic woman and with a mighty cock and virile balls above their fertile pussy, a profane joining of both sides and molded into perverted perfection. Her flawless tanned skin was unblemished with decadent piercings, her flesh immaculate for her goddess, her mother. 

Her father was the Patriarch Omar, the powerful god-like being that formed a third of the triumvirate that they worshipped day and night, and as such her beautiful hair was a firey red and eyes a molten gold. Like many of her sisters, Uzara had the hourglass figure of wide, childbirthing hips and heavy but firm breasts that did not sag.

The braziers on either side of her crackled and snapped in the silence, as if waiting for her to finally decide.

She did. The tall demoness stepped forward, her body moving in seductive motions naturally with the spike of flawless bone jutting out of her bare heel only serving to accenuate her perfect thighs. Demons had no need for clothes, walking the world bare in all their perverse glory of diverse forms. She only had a collar around her neck, a collar she wore since she was brought into this world alongside a hundred more of Omar's sons and daughters.

Her palm pressed against the warm golden door and pushed one side of it open with effortless ease, her demonic body exerting the strength of a hundred men in a single push. The humid air of the grand hallway was then joined by the musky scent of demonic seed and Uzara was greeted with the sight of her mother bathing in a pool of it with her hung sons and daughters kneeling and constantly drooling seed into it, their expressions of everlasting bliss.

The air was filled with the gentle pitter-patter of thick cum falling into the pool and the crackle of burning braziers that lined the walls of the expansive chamber with hallways leading deeper into Sharia's domain.

Uzara could feel the loving magics upon her siblings, Sharia keeping them in a constant state of orgasm and bliss while she bathed in their thick, boiling and nourishing seed. The former goddess of hedonism lounged in the fruits of her children's loins, most of her body submerged except for her milk-heavy breasts and long and slender arms with her back against the edge of the pool.

"Come, Uzara. Join me." She purred seductively, her voice melodious and like honey to her daughter's ears and the hung demoness went to the edge of it before clasping her hands together in front of her large breasts and dove in absolute silence, her body cutting through the bubbling surface like a knife through butter.

Uzara swam the distance, her vision sharp despite the thick and boiling seed that made her skin tingle pleasantly, and she spotted her mother's lower body. Her legs were spread and her womanhood was today replaced with a throbbing and pulsating demonic cock with two of her daughters hungrily worshipping it with their soft hands and expert tongues.

The demoness would've joined them in their worship of the rare times when Sharia wasn't pregnant and instead eager to plant her godlike seed in quivering wombs but she had other business with mother.

She rose to the surface, seed coating her thickly but her flawless skin only cried for more of it, and she settled beside Sharia and gently pressed their lips together like long-lost lovers.

The gods of the demons knew each and everyone of their children by name, each one they kissed as a father, mother, lover and master, for they were all of those things and Uzara was putty in her mistress' hand from that kiss alone.

"I've been watching your journey closely, Uzara. I wept with joy when you held your first child to your breast and I cheered when your son sunk his cock into your loving flesh for the first time. You've been a wonderful demon!" She said with a loving kiss on Uzara's forehead at the end.

Uzara smiled brightly, her cock hardening from the praise and she wished mother would grasp and stroke it like the many times she did when she was younger. A gasp and then deep and happy purr rolled out her throat before the purring filled her chest with happy vibrations as Sharia reached into the boiling cum to grasp her shaft and stroke it with just the right motions.

"And now your pilgrimage is at an end. You've seen, prayed and loved in all of the profane sites in the domain of our glorious Patriarchs, and the seed is now ready to blossom. Are you ready to join the ranks of my finest daughters, my Bitches of Sin?"

Uzara's only answer was an orgasmic cry as the very question brought her over the edge. Sharia milked her cock with expert strokes as her daughter added to the pool and smiled at her. "Let us begin."

++++++++++++++

The nubile young girl's milky flesh was cutely flushed with undeniable arousal, the smooth and hairless lips between her supple legs slick with dew and dripping onto the floor through the razor-sharp opening of her chastity belt. Her plump lips were spread apart just a bit to let out soft exhales and her beutiful baby-blue eyes glittered with excitement as she looked down at the spectacle before her.

Each narrow dodge, each yelp of pained surprise when he failed, those were a sight to see and Cassia bit her lip as she shifted in her upright sitting position. The best were when dagger and shortsword collided, the keening metallic sound with an ungodly scratch when one or the other dragged their blade across.

The aroused girl watched two nude men, slaves both, as they danced in a fight to the death across the blood-stained sands of the arena. They were the fourth pair of today, celebrating the marvelous occassion that was Cassia's eighteenth birthday.

The young adult didn't care about that, however, ignoring the whistling and cheering crowd on either side of the balcony to devour the man wielding a chipped and worn dagger.

He moved with the preternatural grace of his elven people, sweaty and tanned skin glistening in the noon sun, and was only alive because of that natural talent while the better fed human slave aimed to disembowel him. Malnourishment made his muscles stand out a lot more, Cassia thought, flawless skin stretched taut across them and she could see them quiver and ripple even from here.

A hand on her breast distracted her, the spectacle down below growing blurry as she focused on the strong hand that cupped her rather small growth. It was sweaty and adorned with rings of gold, silver, electrum and platinum, each addorned with a corresponding precious jewel.

"Father, I'm trying to watch." She said, looking to the handsome man in his fifties. A military cut kept his graying hair practical and sported a well-maintained beard and mustache around his thin lips. When sitting, he wasn't as imposing, even in his panoply of war he wore whenever he went in public.

Today he'd gone lighter, only wearing his chestplate and greaves with the rest of his plated armor waiting at the palace. The chestplate was formed as a simulacrum of a male's well-defined and muscled torso, something many a man loved to wear to compensate for their flabby flesh but he was even better built underneath. At his side was always his legendary longsword that conquered and birthed the Veterius Empire.

Cassia, compared to the emperor, was positively nude as only a length of silk hid her breasts and the richly-decorated chastity belt made of sparkling mitrhal, making her feel like she wore nothing at all around her waist. The unbreakable thin chain of metal wound around her waist, resting on her wide hips, and also between the buttocks of her heart-shaped behind to join at the front with a subtle but firmly in-place cap that protected her virginity.

Emperor Veterius III pulled his hand away but Cassia knew he had much dirtier intentions as his skirt of metal-studded leather strips rose up from his considerable manhood.

Cassia thought it ironic as she looked back down to the fight where the elf was slowly but surely running out of options. Her father, for all of the concubines he's bedded, impregnated, he is still without a son. Great misfortune has befallen the third emperor as he could not sire a son and Cassia herself savoured such a fact despite having no want or need for the Bloody Throne.

The elf, in one reckless and desperate move, spun with a loud cry while bleeding from many cuts inflicted throughout the fight. The human was surprised by the sudden explosion of movement and that was his downfall as he was cut across the face and left screaming in pain on the sandy ground.

Cassia squealed happily for the elven underdog and rose up for her second judgement today. The one at the start and second had no time for her to decide whether the wounded lives or dies as both ended with certain death.

Her small hand extended past the rail of the balcony, the thumb pointing to the side, and she heard the crowd cheer two different sentiments. The atmosphere of the arena infected her, making her lithe body quiver from the energy and she felt herself drool onto the stone floor between her bare feet, and she met the elf's emerald gaze as he watched and waited for her decision.

She ruled the last fight with mercy as both women had shown true fierceness and dedication to survival, having only metal gloves to kill each other with, but this man's cries and begs for mercy disgusted her far too greatly. She turned her thumb downwards and the colliseum was filled with deafening cheer as the elf went over to the scrambling man and ended it.

"Father, I want that slave healed and in my bedchamber tonight." She declared as she sat down, a flushed rose from it all. She had her eyes on the long cock the elf sported despite the fight for survival.

"Then you shall not be set free until tomorrow. I shall not have you carry a slave's child." The Emperor said simply and Cassia smiled at him.

"I wouldn't think of it. My flower is yours to take."

Indeed, her father had no present wife and the Emperor's word is law. If he desires his own daughter to be his Empress and hopefully birth Veterius IV, then so be it! Who is to say that such line of succession for the Empire's throne? Cassia was sure her father would easily dissuade the nobles with a few well-placed words and threats from kicking up a fuss, and Cassia was the favourite of the people across the realm.

Who in their right mind would deny her to be the mother of their future emperor?

"Very good. You enjoyed watching him fight? Even now his wretched and flighty kind give me problems in the woodlands, never a shortage of rebels, them." He said annoyedly. The bronze elves of the eastern woodlands that spread across a veritable chunk of the continent were stubborn and hard to control. Razing their capital seemed to only bolster their spirits, his grandfather's foolhardy attempt at subjugating them completely backfiring to such a degree that the second generation was busy with cleaning it up.

Cassia nodded and silently wished she had access to her aroused sex but made do with slipping a soft hand behind her to tease her well-used backdoor. She's had many a lover inside her, noble and slave alike with her trysts frequent in court.

On a balcony beneath them, she could hear his voice as he laughed and jested with his two brothers, all three her current lovers and all three had filled her with their rich and noble seed. Did she desire to carry their offspring? Hardly, they were beneath her. Only one man she truly desired to breed her and he sat next to her, watching the gates of the arena open and release the first of the gladiators that will fight in her honor.

Cassia found the gladiatorial fights dull and drab despite the theatrics, the spells and the declarations. For all of its apparent brutality that made the crowd 'ooooh' and 'aaah', only one or two gladiators actually died from mishaps and she was obligated to spare the crowd-pleasers so they may do so again and again.

There was none of the real and frightening fight for survival, desperation thick in the air and those true and visceral moments of anger and grief.

She granted all of them mercy lest the nobles owning the gladiators demand recompense for their losses and ignored the profuse 'gratefullness' from both gladiator and their owner. None died in a spectacular mishap of a fireball or swing dealing a mortal wound on accident and Cassia found the young men beneath her utterly silly as they talked about the fights as if they were actually real.

She did like the ending ceremony, however. It was her father's gift to her. A large and trained sable panther had been brought here from the sun-drenched isles of the south. It wasn't a regular panther, however. Tales spoke of them, large panthers that were in one place and then another in a single blink of an eye.

She watched the handler release the beast while servants ran as fast as they can, fear quite evident in their eyes even from up where she was and she giggled when the beast shimmered several times, each time 'dashing' a great distance until it simply swatted its prey on the back or front to knock them down. It's tempered swats also proved how well-trained it truly was and in a matter of a wild and exciting minute, the panther had bumped every single servant to the ground.

The handler, a man dressed in the vibrant trousers of his island's culture and bronze body covered in white ritual markings, stroked the cat's large head and smiled up at the future empress.

"This beast was born on the same day you were, Cassia." Veterius said, stepping over to his scantly-clad daughter and wrapped a strong arm around her waist as he waved to the cheering crowd, shouting Cassia's name. "Been in training for eighteen years as my present to you."

"Oh it's perfect! Such a lovely beast! Will it prowl the palace?" She asked hopefully, wanting to see the majestic creature move around the vast complex that was her home. Veterius chuckled.

"It'll be in the garden at first. Get the court and slaves used to it." His calloused hand held her hip firmly, almost possessively.

"Fair enough."

With the public event finished, Cassia and her father waved to the crowd one last time before they left the balcony to be attended to by the Praetorian guard, men and women clad in finest plate and bearing the flaming sword of her father's conquest banner on their tabards.

The captain, a tall woman of orcish descent, held her helmet at her side and bowed before her emperor. She was bald, her grayish scalp showing signs of regrowth, and her sharp yellow eyes had that soul-piercing quality to them.

"Shall we depart, your highness?" She asked.

"To the palace, and send someone to take that elf slave there, too. Keep him in a pen until Cassia has need of him." The emperor said and only got a nod from the captain before she slipped her helmet on.

The travel between somewhere and the palace was always a daunting thing for Cassia, having read about many accounts of attacks on nobility and the previous two emperors and their families. Her father is yet to be attacked in Talasia, the capitol, but it was only a matter of time, she thought.

The streets outside the spacious and well-protected imperial carriage were colourful and vibrant with men and women waving and shouting from a safe distance. The heat of the region, especially in summer, left the people scantily clad and even entirely nude to cope with the heat. She watched nude women go about their duties in the markets, children usually in tow.

Similarly dressed, or lacking in it, traders peddled their wares from the exotic to the mundane with no shortage of slaves to be seen, nude men and women of every racial background.

Elven slaves were most common, 'tis the season!' slave peddlers said, refering to the on-going rebellions in the west that had the legions pouring fresh slaves into the marketplace. Cassia was surprised that their price has hit a record low of a single gold piece!

She wished she could watch the menagerie of fit and healthy slaves for purchase (Nobody wanted a sickly one) but the carriage had already passed them all by and headed straight for the safety of the palace.

The gilded palace was a small town in of itself inside the capitol, nestled against the nearby mountain and overlooking the vast city. Turrets rose with each one closer to the center rising ever higher and the first gates ground open for its master.

Guards manned the walls at all times, ready for sudden and all-out war despite the relatively peaceful times, but trouble waited across the sea, an empire equal in size to this one, spanning a whole continent and have already sent its agents against the stability of her father's domain.

With the state the palace was at, Cassia was reminded of this unknown threat that was hundreds of leagues across the sea but also very aware of them. She bit her lip worriedly but her father's hand on her bare thigh helped her relax.

They passed between three more gates until they reached the inner palace where only the emperor, his family and vetted servants lived. Cassia licked her lips as the carriage stopped and was helped out by a former slave.

He'd been a slave under her greatgrandfather, a former prince of the elven kingdom and now a dedicated mentor to the Veterius family.

She smiled up at her teacher as he pulled her hand close to his lips to plant a soft kiss. The bronze elf had his luxurious and long hair tied with a series of golden rings, the length of it draped over his shoulder and was entirely nude with golden jewelry covering his soft but beautiful body. He'd been a slave for a long time, getting used to being bare and savage before his masters that clothes no longer mattered to him, and he had nothing to hide anymore.

Cassia always loved the tight ring at the base of his long and thick cock. He was always seen wearing it.

"My lovely flower, you return. I dare hope that the festivities at the arena were to your liking?" He said in his sensual and cultured tone to which Cassia nodded, smiling.

The emperor came out next, looking to the elf with an unassuming expression. "Feowyn, I have matters to speak with you."

