 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Addendum: All characters are 18 or over.

***

Cassia lounged in her garden in late morning with servants fearfully tending to her every whim. Audible sighs of relief came from the semi-nude women when their mistress sent them for something as it gave them a short respite from the danger Cassia seemed blissfully unaware of.

The source of this apprehension was the large and graceful panther which rested its big head in Cassia's lap while she stroked its silky and short fur. A small trickle of blood-tainted drool escaped its mouth and onto its mistress' bare thigh as it seemed her pets and strokes were making it feel quite content.

Caius had recently eaten, the half-eaten remains of the boar it had been given to chase and eat lying in a gorey heap just beyond a thick bush. Cassia was quite pleased her pet had an innate sense of scenery and kept the disgusting thing away from sight.

The princess looked down at majestic predator as she stroked down its neck and felt powerful muscle ripple beneath her thin fingers until she reached the solid ridge between its shoulder blades. This beast was far from fragile despite moving with remarkable grace and agility, a greater cousin of the common house cat.

She took a sip of her warm tea, the sweet and fruity taste of the elven lands that was steadily becoming rarer and rarer in Talasia due to the revolts and lack of production. It was quite the luck that the palace had a considerable stock of the dried herbs and fruits native to the splendorous and primal forests the bronze elves called home.

The cup was set down when Caius lifted his head and turned his ears towards the hedges surrounding the entrance into the garden. He heard something.

One of Cassia's returning servants, her bare feet slapping the stone path as she walked quickly, appeared first and bowed to the side as she declared. "The captain is here to see you, your highness!"

And there she was, walking with purpose and clad in polished armor of dull brass, the tabard bearing Veterius' flaming sword in bright red on white, but her helmet was at her side. Nayla, Cassia thought, had the appeal of a warrior and her femininity was barely seen outside the softness of her features amidst the orcish tusks, nose and strong eyebrows.

The woman approached without fear for the panther that was staring intently at her, or perhaps she didn't show it, and bowed before her princess.

"Your highness."

Cassia hadn't forgotten about yesterday, the way she took advantage of her while their father was...well, doing his duty in furthering the line. It was far too early to be sure but Cassia had a feeling his magnificent seed had taken hold. No seed escaped her womb thanks to his size that fired it straight into her.

Nayla was different, however. Cassia would've sent Caius at Nayla right this moment for what she did, forcing her beastial and filthy cock upon her. She was still uncertain why her half-sister even bore a manhood and this curiosity alongside something else niggling in her mind stayed her hand.

"Captain. What is it that you want? My lessons shall soon start and I really hate having my precious leisure time wasted with nonsense." She spoke firmly and regally, a skill honed by teachers and her own father as she was brought up into a proper princess. This did little to temper her insatiable appetite, however.

"Forgive me for intruding but the emperor has deemed a change in your learning is required." Nayla responded as she kneeled and kept her gaze down. Cassia relished this far more now than before and the idea of collaring her came to mind. Nayla was in no position to deny her princess, after all.

She did raise an eyebrow, however. Father spoke nothing of changing her education at this moment. The court wizard and Feowyn were the only ones tending to her intellectual needs and growth with a visiting scholar when she was particularly interested in a certain subject.

"Oh? What has my emperor decided?" She asked curiously as she stroked Caius back into her nude lap. With the belt gone, she'd instead taken to wearing silver and gold chains strapped in a similar way with gold framing her royal pussy and the silks that covered her breasts were finally discarded for mithral caps that were joined by a glittering chain. She was a grown woman now.

"It is his will that you, now of fully mature age, are ready to learn about the art of combat. I shall be your tutor." 

Cassia had never wielded a weapon before. She had no reason to, after all, but the way things have been going, she understood why Veterius thought she would require training. The unknown enemy was still present and she was far too precious to her emperor to be lost in any way.

She humphed. "What of Zereus? What will he be doing when he is not teaching me?"

Nayla shook her head. "I do not know, your highness."

"Very well, I suppose his lessons are a waste of my time after all. Where shall we train?" The princess asked and gently moved Caius' head off of her lap and urged the panther to go back to his meal. The large sable cat stalked away while Cassia used a silken napkin to wipe the viscous and reddish saliva he left on her thigh.

After her birthday and the chastity belt gone, she looked far more mature and alluring than before with her jewelry decadent and accentuating her feminine features. Nayla couldn't keep herself from glancing upwards at Cassia's exposed pussy that was so neatly framed by delicate golden and silver chains that ran between her legs and joined with the ones around her waist.

It took a moment for Nayla to respond to the question, now staring at Cassia's painted toes and mithral anklet. "In your father's training yard. Shall we go?"

Cassia took one more sip of her tea and extended her foot to the captain. To kiss a woman's foot was demeaning in all situations but it was a servant's duty to serve their masters, after all.

The girl hummed softly when those thin lips were planted onto her foot with no hesitation and she swore she felt a bit of tongue before Nayla pulled away. Despite it being absolutely filthy and beneath her, she felt a tingle run up her leg and into her slit.

"Let's."

Women were not meant to fight, as far as the people of the Empire were concerned. They had no place in the legions and those that did were female slaves meant to keep the thousands of warriors content and sated while they fought Veterius' wars. Although, ever since the Empire had civilized the tribal humans and subjugated the slightly-more civilized races around them, guilds of all sorts were springing up with women at the helm and it wasn't unusual to see female mercenaries throughout the continent.

Cassia thought them foolish and misguided. It is good for a woman to know how to defend herself but to make a living out of it seemed ridiculous. Why do that when you can serve your husband and get safety and pleasure in return?

She made her way down the halls of her father's palace, opulent and bordering on the garrish with its decor and riches that the family had accumulated over four centuries.

The princess was pleased to see women were like her even then with richly-woven tapestries of generations hanged down the halls. Each great member, each mother and battle were immortalized. Nude and curvaceous women decorated in rich jewelry stood alongside their husbands, each one growing closer and closer to today's appearance.

Old ways have been having a resurgence for a few decades now and Cassia couldn't be happier as both men and women exposed themselves in all their glory.

Nayla followed close behind, her sabatons thudding dully against the smooth and warm stone floor.

Their father's training yard was a long courtyard that had been home to the Empire's finest as they trained newer generations of emperors in the art of warfare. All weapons, armors and techniques were available to learn here and Cassia cared none of it as she stepped onto the white sand in the middle.

"This is pointless, you know? Me learning how to fight." She said, turning to Nayla who had been staring intently at her with thinly-veiled lust. "I can't lift a sword. Can't push a potent male off of me even if I wanted to."

"The emperor thinks otherwise, your highness. He speaks of you learning quite well of magic and its theory despite lacking interest. He must believe that you can marry it and combat together." The half-orc said flatly, her tone schooled and forcibly calm. "Though that is not my concern how you do so. I'm only here to teach you how to fight properly."

Cassia batted her long eyelashes at her, a smirk on her plump lips. "Are you sure about that?"

Nayla didn't respond as she went over to one of the many cabinets. "Will you please come and choose your training outfit?"

"What for? I'm comfortable as is." Cassia said but went over anyways when Nayla opened it. To call them outfits would be an overstatement as Nayla grabbed one of the top pieces which was an underbust corset made out of silk and layered with light mithril plates across the sections.

"Your highness thought you'd appreciate the more...feminine types of armor. Several pieces of armor have been imported from the mercenary guilds across the continent and all of them are quite effective despite being revealing." Nayla said and presented the tubular piece of protective gear to the nude princess.

"This is from the Sisters of the Moon, a primal cult in the east. All of these pieces have been forged by their respective guild and cults but were further enchanted by the emperor's mages."

Cassia took the light piece of armor, looking it over and saw the subtle crescent moon that could only be seen on the plates when light reflected across the surface. She could feel the enchantments buzzing in the silk itself, having learned how to recognize it.

"I've heard of these women but I thought they wore armor like men." She said and set the corset down onto the table next to her.

"They are very much woman-like, your highness. Their flesh is bare and beautiful in combat as it is when they are at rest." Nayla brought out the other pieces. Long armlets, bracers and shin guards followed, all following the similar design of pale-white silk and silvery mithril. There was also a chain that goes around the waist to attach a chastity cup or equipment.

Cassia quite liked these women now.

"What else is there?" She asked excitedly.

Nayla showed her the other three sets. One made of leather and of fine and reddish adamantine that was a set of breast caps, abdominal plates and pauldrons with a choker alongside the customary shin guards and bracers from the Talasia's own 'War-Matron' guild. 

There was the more conservative one that covered the groin with a chastity belt, breasts and shoulders covered by a plate of dark-grey mithril and even sandals from the Felorum cult, a group of warrior women that kept their virginity until those who are both man and woman arrive to impregnate them.

And the final one seemed to be the joining of the last two, a bastard child of followers of Felorum and War-matrons in gold.

Cassia was torn between all of them and after a while she'd chosen the moon one. It was easy to put on, made for a woman to put it on independently and soon she was outfitted with the revealing outfit, her plump breasts riding high thanks to the corset and a barely noticeable film of protective magic covered her milky skin. She truly looked like a moon maiden now!

"It fits you well, your Highness." Nayla said, her expression one of approval. Cassia preened under it and skipped happily.

"What's next?"

"We will start with staffs. Learn the basics." Nayla said and began to unlatch her pauldrons and chest plate. Cassia watched with interest, never seeing plate armor be removed before and was quite surprised to see Nayla was nude underneath it. She didn't realise she was breathing faster as she saw the supple breasts above well-defined abdominal muscles, a trail of hair going down the middle towards her groin.

The crotch plate was next to reveal the half-orc's flaccid member that was half its size than what Cassia had in her mouth yesterday and the large fuzzy balls that hanged low just beneath.

Soon Nayla was fully nude and had two wooden staffs in hand, a slightly embarrassed expression on her face as she handed one to Cassia.

Cassia said nothing and the two women began training. Nayla turned out to be quite a dominant person on the sands as she slapped Cassia with the staff on the shins and buttocks while the basic stances of fighting were went over. The protective enchantments stopped actual damage from happening but she could still feel the force behind the blow.

"Wider stance. Plant your feet in the ground. Arm higher."

This went on for an hour until it was time for some actual practice. Nayla could sense the frustration and it was quite evident on her half-sister's face but she had to commend her from not giving up. She stopped an arm's length away from Cassia, at ease. 

"Now relax. Feel the muscles? All of those you never thought you had. Now follow my lead." She then began to stretch her toned body slowly by lifting her powerful arms upwards and laced her fingers together as she straightened her spine and stood on her black-nailed tip toes and waited for Cassia to do the same. "C'mon, we need to stretch our muscles before getting to the good part!"

Cassia followed the motion, her slim belly stretching and groin exposed even more. "Ngh...what's the fun part?"

Nayla's yellow eyes flashed wildly. "Sparring."

++++++++++++++++++++++++

Uzara's golden eyes watched with mirth, love and lust upon her lovely slaves, her plump lips open as she softly exhaled and contained her moans as her godlike cock was worshipped like it should be.

The length of her cock was enough for her small group of cultists to worship with their mouths, tongues running over her throbbing veins, teeth tugging at the perverted rings and a girly mouth working hard to siphon out of her her profane seed.

Uzara gazed into the feminine man's half-closed ones, his mind enamored with her musk and cock inside his small mouth. His transformation had been progressing quite well, his face soft and gorgeous, short hair growing long and splayed across his back while the rest of his body grew wide in the hips and thighs. He was one load away from fully becoming Uzara's lovely cock-slave that would live to feed her his mortal cum. All the while looking pretty and gentle while doing it. His purpose was much greater than that, however...

His tongue was frantic across her cumslit, trying to coax even a droplet of pre seed that she so evilly denied him. Uzara was pleased to see his lips firm up in his suction and stroked the beautiful heads of his wife and daughter who licked and sucked on either side of her shaft.

Both women groaned and hummed amidst squelching noises as Uzara's tail, now split in two, pumped roughly into their pussies and fed their pregnant wombs her nourishing seed. Her corruption was tame, restrained to keep the true signs of a demon-morph from coming out on her servants lest they attract attention. They'll have to make do with their guts rearranged and needing only fresh seed to survive.

Still, Uzara's asshole twitched and her guts stirred from the tendril within her. She is yet to use it and it quivered in anticipation as she was going to finally inflict it upon the weak and vile slave trader she bought Albuzara from.

The demoness respected the effects of his 'benevolence' upon his slaves but she couldn't agree with selling them against their will. The slave trade here badly required a demon's touch and she was sure to report to her Patriarchs that mortal breeding farms will most certainly be welcome to preserve the wonderful races this continent has to offer.

"Very good, my children. Worship your goddess as you're supposed to..." She purred and groped a heavy breast as she released more seed into the two whores on either side of her cock. "You make the Patriarchs proud."

She got an enthused response of 'praise the Patriarchs' from all three. She lovingly fucked their hearts open to welcome their true lords and they took to it eagerly. They were the beginning of the cult that will guide this empire into the age of decadence and love and it was time for their first task.

"The corruption inside you has taken hold very well, your bodies defiled so wonderfully. I am but one demon and there is three of you." She spoke lovingly and finally let her male slave taste her pre seed once more. "I gladly feed you but it is your obligation to show others the path I've opened for you."

"A-aah...what is your will, mistress?" Asked the young and bred daughter before resuming using her mouth to worship her owner's cock.

Uzara caressed her obedient slave lovingly while her tail steadily pumped into her young cunt. "My will is for you to go spread the corruption. Find the sick, despondent and weary and let them find salvation in your embrace. Their seed shall feed you and you shall heal them. Show them the love our dark gods bear for all."

"Yes mistress!" Moaned out the women as the Bitch of Sin fed their corrupted wombs with more seed. This shall be enough to heal the men they will save today.

She knew her male slave had no pussy of his own and he would have gleefully bore her spawn if he could, but she had a similar task for him. His form was far too strange to go out in public so instead he will be the cult's first breeding stud.

Uzara won't be here constantly to impregnate women and corrupt, though she would want to, and a cock was paramount in quick and efficient corruption. His wife and daughter will bring men and women for corruption alongside breeding for the latter. New generations raised in the cult would make the transition all the more easier.

With that in mind, her cum boiled with corruption and she had already prepared the corrupted crystals and studs that will adorn the stud's sack, markings of his glorious position.

The slave had no idea of the dark future his mistress had in store and even then he would be content with just being a sheath for his mistress' godlike cock.

Uzara moaned softly for the first time today and slowly rose from her throne. She had one built in the basement of this house she made into the cult's staging point. The seat was fashioned in the lewd forms of writhing men and women who were in eternal pleasure and the stone cock she had been sitting on glistened with her juices.

This movement was followed by the three cultists, their lips not abandoning their posts, and watched happily as the tall demon lovingly held the male human's head still. All of them could hear the churning of their mistress' sack, feel the concentrated and profane power emanating from within it against their corrupted flesh.

The two women pulled away and watched as Uzara bent her powerful legs at the knees and began to push her demonic cock down the girly man's gullet who gladly reached upwards to cup the bloated and muscled smooth sack hanging low.

"Bask in the glory of being my cocksheathe, my child, and devour my profane blessing!" The demoness said, bloating the man's throat and chest, and let herself let go of the built up pleasure the slaves had accumulated. Her fat cock pulsed alongside her contracting sack and boiling demon cum was dumped straight into his empty and hungry stomach.

His mistress' vile influence dug into his flesh, to guide the corruption she dumped inside him to finish the transformation his wife and daughter had already undergone but to a greater extreme. 

First came the horns, black spikes rising out of his forehead and curving backwards with red veins on the smooth ebony surface. His human ears grew pointed, tongue bunching up as it grew longer and fangs softly dug into the base of Uzara's cock. Next were his cock and sack, balls bloating and bloating until they sinfully split in two. The quartette of balls were then protected by the muscled sack.
