 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

The divide between demons and mortals was great. The deck was stacked against the latter and there is no doubt about it that had Patriarchdom followed an evil path, the world would be a blood-stained wasteland.

Uzara preferred not to think about it, her heart filled with words of love and faith in Sin, and instead focused on her lovely new slave in her lap who was moaning so beautifully.

The vile slave trader was now nothing more than an eager and effeminate slave, his manhood repurposed into a lovely and slick hole for people to slide their cocks into. His soft and girly features were in a state of bliss, throat vibrating with guttural moans of utter pleasure as his mistress lifted him up and down on her cock like a plaything.

The demoness' girth bulged the eunuch's crotch, his scrawny body needing more filling in to achieve his destined curvaceous form, to which Uzara was lovingly working herself towards. His pussy may not have a womb, but her potent seed is more than powerful enough to give his body what it needs.

The guards had become nosy when their master's pleasure time lasted longer than expected, quickening the other part of the first step of Uzara's plan to corrupt and take over the slave trade. The men were now enraptured with their demonic goddess, stroking themselves to their next orgasm to add to the large bowl in front of the usurped dining throne as tribute to her.

Golden eyes watched their seed fire into the bowl over and over again amidst the grunts and groans of the guards-turned-slaves, pleased with how much these mortals could drain out of their meager gonads under her influence.

They looked away from her tribute to see the gentle shimmer off to the side. He has arrived.

The shimmer grew larger in the middle of the air until it stopped against a distinct outline that Uzara easily recognized as the silhouette of her sibling on the side of Patriarch Uriseris. Soon he materialized in all his seductive glory.

Nude, toned and slim, Nosferez was an androgynous miracle of midnight-black skin and curious lines and swirls of red covering it from head to toe. Distinct swirls on his cheeks glowed faintly in the torchlight, his skin looking slick and alluring. Unlike Uzara's small ones, he sported three pairs of ivory horns beside each other and curving flat against the top of his head with long sable hair spilling out on all sides underneath.

His pronounced nipples bore golden rings joined by a heavy chain and platinum beads in his skin formed a row down either side of his lower torso. The brand of the Seducers was apparent in white on his skin, given to him by his sire upon his graduation. His cock was deceivingly small, fully capable of turning into a monstrous member should he desire it to, and he walked with a sway as his padded feet carried him.

Red eyes met golden ones, both smiling with much more than fraternal love, and Nosferez approached gracefully on his well-built legs. His lips curled into a smile.

Slut and his former servants were barely aware of his sudden arrival, their minds set to obediently follow their mistress' demand for tribute. Slavers and their accomplices had their minds taken until they pay off their dues with servitude.

"Praise the Patriarchs, sister." He greeted, his eyes now following Slut's up and down motions as Uzara's hands underneath his plumping ass lifted him up and let him sink back down on her godly cock. The bloated and heavy sack below was so large she couldn't sit properly.

"Praise the Patriarchs, brother. I've already broken him and his servants for you." Uzara chirped happily, grinning from ear to ear. "They all still require collaring, however."

Nosferez stepped closer and leaned above Slut to kiss his sibling on the lips, their sinful and sinuous tongues dancing lewdly out in the open.

"Too bad you couldn't save some for me." He said jokingly after the long and passionate kiss was broken and looked to Slut again. "She'll stay here as my dedicated cocksheathe, unless you wish to take her back to the homeland?"

Uzara hummed, not in thought but in pleasure, as she continued to fuck Slut and responded after a few moments. "I just want her to serve, and what better way to serve but be a cocksheathe for a Seducer?"

"I'm glad you agree." He said and glanced at the former guards as their very gonads turned into tribute to fill Uzara's large bowl. Already they were starting to moan loudly, powerful legs quivering as their orgasms build and build in intensity with their last one being the final hit that will crush their mortal minds. "Have them cum their own balls out, huh? Such a fitting punishment."

"Oh indeed. They've made use of countless slaves while in Slut's employ. It's only fair their manhood is used until it wastes away into nothing." Uzara said with a happy purr for justice was well served today and moaned afterwards as her large sack convulsed and squeezed to fill Slut's pussy with scalding demon seed.

Nosferez watched Slut's body devour his sister's seed and fill out of her weak and frail body into that of a tall and curvaceous beauty. The smooth and bald head suddenly covered in new growths of red hair that kept on growing longer and longer until Slut had a wild mane of crimson curls going down her back. A set of perfect breasts followed and Slut was now no different than any beautiful woman to the mortal eye.

The rest spilled out to coat Uzara's throbbing sack, musky steam wafting into the air.

"Mmm, she's perfect!" Nosferez said with glee and weaved some of the wasted seed around Slut's neck and collared her. Just how a slave should be!

Uzara lifted Slut off of her cock and let the human wobble on her weak feet before collapsing on her plump ass and promptly falling unconscious with a blissful expression on her face on the floor. 

Uzara's tribute was still in the making so she had time to chat before her feast. "Have the Patriarchs been following my progress? I haven't tried to contact them yet but your timely arrival says they are."

Nosferez nodded happily and helped her out of her seat, the demoness towering over him by a foot. After all, a Bitch of Sin is above a Seducer. But that didn't mean they weren't equal. "Your violation of the princess inspires us all, my loving Uzara. The corruption has already bore fruit of the emperor and is now growing in her belly."

Uzara licked her lips and smiled at her sibling, sweeping a large hand around his slim waist to hold him close as she shows him his new domain, large demon cock slowly relaxing between her legs. The new demon's pointed ears caught the moans and cries of pleasure further away from the dining room and was pleased she was guiding him there.

"All of Womb watched you, in fact. I was still getting ready for my assignment when it happened and I too hollered that you breed her right then and there despite knowing it is the emperor who must do so." He added with a jubilant laugh and returned the favour by sliding his arm just above her thick tail.

"Believe me, it was tempting to break her into a breeding sow." The tall demoness said, purring contently cause of the hot closeness of one of her own. The negative emotions of the mortals weren't something she could ignore and Nosferez felt like a dark beacon of warmth and sinful love. "Have the orders changed? Or am I to continue as a goddess of the cult in Talasia?"

"They stand. Your attention must be focused here, my love. This will be a long campaign to bring all of these misguided people into the fold unharmed and without bloodshed." He said wisely, the knowledge and experiences of the very Patriarchs bestowed upon their most important servants amongst their countless children.

His sister nodded in agreement. "Come, let us bask in the love of our new faithful."

Nosferez smiled brightly, his heart soaring with every new soul seeing the path of love and debauchery, seeing them as their loving gods, lovers and masters. Until they themselves ascend and become true children of Sin.

++++++++++++++++++++++++

A week later...

It was time.

Zereus had confirmed in secret with his magics that Cassia bore her father's child and nobody else's. The confirmation was attended only by Feowyn, her father and Zereus himself. The nude and tanned elf looked quite pleased with the news and his happiness was persistent even today after three days as he prepared her for the Mating.

The older man, slim and beautiful, was by far the most skilled and capable of turning his dear former pupil and future empress into a dazzling display of youthful beauty that is to be mated and bred before the whole of nobility. His movements flowing and comb work dazzling, Feowyn has forever been the young princess' beautician.

Cassia was fully nude before him as he worked her hair into a proper mane fit for an empress and wife of Veterius. Her treatment of him has also gotten better, ever since Nayla, her sister, had become a regular bedmate of hers. So much so that he has had the honor of giving her his seed.

The elf's joy was two-fold, however. A big part of it was because of his undying love for the princess. They've been intimate for so long that it was impossible to stay indifferent. And the other was the promise, the assurance and truth that the being that has been visiting him each night brought.

She had showed him the way with her love and sex, letting him worship her in every way he could. He knew the child within his lovely charge was corrupted. Cassia's womb will birth nothing but spawn of their saviours, and when the prince is born, he will change the world.

"You look exquisite, your highness." He said with an awed whisper, unable to contain how beautiful she looked and it was his handiwork! He hasn't seen this yet!

Cassia smiled serenely. Indeed, Cassia was no stranger to sex and being 'bred' in front of many people was nothing intimidating for her. It's a dream come true, in fact! Only thing that might worry her is if she's beautiful enough to be bred by her father in such a ritual.

"Worthy of the emperor, Feowyn?"

"I've prepared your mother, and her mother before that. You are the most worthy by far!" He said with full sincerity, backing away from her to drink her in.

No part of her must be hidden thus the caps on her nipples were gone to reveal the rosy buds of sensitive flesh, instead replaced with coils around them and connecting the two breasts by a platinum chain. Around her neck was the silvery collar her mother and grandmother and grand grandmother wore on their own mating as a symbol of utter compliance. Her womanhood remained framed by thin platinum chains that wind around her wide hips and join together on the handle of a polished royal plug that was firmly set inside her.

The girl smiled, albeit a bit ruefully because their time of being in the same bed together was at an end, and hugged the elf firmly. He always smelled of fresh pine and roses and she sighed when his hands slipped over her body in the loving manner she was used to.

"I couldn't have asked for a better tutor..." She said softly and got on her tiptoes. "And such a great lover."

The elf returned her kiss in kind, their lips joined for the thousandth time and tongues intertwined until a loud knock came at the door.

"Princess Cassia, are you ready?" Came Nayla's voice from beyond the gilded wood, forcing the two to break away and join hands in a more modest way.

Nayla's Praetorian armor was absent, leaving the hung half-orc woman in nothing but a servant's chastity cage to prevent the unworthy of mating the future Empress. The younger woman looked to her with such love in her eyes that the old Cassia would never think to have and the tanned elf beside her praised the demons silently. This was undeniably their work.

Already there were plans for Cassia bearing Nayla's child soon after the birth of the first trueblood royal child and the half-orc woman had trouble hiding her excitement as she let Cassia slip a gentle hand into her larger one, squeezing.

The Mating was to happen before all of Talasia's court with several nobles arriving at the last minute in the throne room, the elf, princess and half-orc making their way there from the chambers of the Empress.

Cassia was pleasantly surprised to learn most of the nobility thought the mating of her and her father was inevitable and even fully supported the incestuous union - No stronger right comes from that of the same blood. She hoped the orcs thought the same with Nayla and their future child.

Nude nobility formed a corridor inside the hall, dressed in nothing but extravagant jewelry as the rules applied to them as well. All stood bare during the Mating as a sign of honesty and Cassia found it a bit of a challenge not looking at them all and looking regal while they ate her up with their eyes.

Whispers ended when she approached, the air quiet and restrained with the soft shuffles of bare feet walking down the soft red carpet of the hall until they reached the throne room itself where Veterius, in his gilded mithral bracers, armbands and necklace, waited.

The emperor was exposed to all, his scarred body serving as an example of a tried and true warrior, a fearless commander who leads from the front lines and rightful bearer of the Empire's Flame. His chest had a score of cuts and slim lines where he suffered close calls that would've been mortal wounds and across his arm where it had been cut off once.

And his crotch. Trimmed pubes made his considerable cock look even bigger than it actually is, the girthy member reaching four inches as it hangs limp in front of his shaven and large sack.

He stood before his grand throne, one bare foot planted on a step lower, while a pile of pillows, furs and silks were left prepared for their union on the lower dais below. At the bottom of the steps was the throng of men and women who came to witness the siring.

As far as they knew, Cassia was at her most fertile time, youthful body prime for breeding, and the girl blushed as Feowyn and Nayla brought her before her father.

"Your highness, I present you Princess Cassia, daughter of Emperor Veterius and heir to the Brass Throne." Feowyn said in his schooled and formal tone while offering Cassia's hand.

Cassia looked at her lordly father, hoping Feowyn had made her worthy of his attention, and stifled a gasp when he grasped her hand and let her ascend to the step just below him.

"I, Emperor Veterius the Third, by the law of the land and sword, hereby declare Princess Cassia, daughter of mine and heir to the Brass Throne as Empress and my wife." He said loudly for all to hear his decree and a scribe put his words to paper to make it official. "That is, if no one has a bid of complaint."

His last words echoed with an air of a threat to anybody who had their minds set to invoking the old rite of challenging the emperor for the womb of the queen. 

Nobody did. 

The throne room then roared with the applause of hundreds of nobles and Veterius guided Cassia down to the bed by the hand before pushing her down on her knees in front of him.

It was a natural position of an imperial woman, on her knees and eye-level with her husband's cock, and she gladly partook of her duty by gently grasping his member in one soft hand to start stroking while the other cupped his sack.

She'd heard he abstained from his concubines in preparation for today, letting his seed build up just for her. It was said that the child is healthier the more a father gave to sire it. Her lucky pussy will be overflowing tonight.

Her skills of pleasing cock with hand and mouth were honed way before today, her hands working her father's royal cock into its glorious hardness of eleven inches that towered above her head so much she had to raise her slim body in order to reach the leaking fat mushroom tip and plant her lips on it.

His salty and rich preseed blossomed on her tongue and taste buds, making her let out a whorish hum in front of all these people. That's what a good wife did; enjoyed her husband to the fullest. And the fact he was her father only made it better.

She didn't need encouragement to sink lower and welcome him eagerly into her well-trained throat, drool going down his veiny member in a gentle trickle. The large head bulged her throat each time she bobbed lower and lower down on her father until she couldn't breathe and was drooling around his base, heavy sack brushing against her chin.

Veterius let his daughter suck him on her own accord to prove her obedience to her husband was undeniable by all of nobility and that she was a proper wife for an emperor. Cassia polished his rod for as long as he let her, moaning out when he grabbed her by the hair and pulled out of her throat.

"You worship me well, Cassia." He said, stroking her cheek and allowing her to catch her breath. "A fine daughter worthy of bearing me a son."

Cassia looked up at him and firmly nodded before turning around and getting on all-fours to present her plugged backdoor and drooling pussy to her emperor, her husband and father.

As Veterius got down on one knee to align his member, Cassia saw the nobles watching intently at their consummation of their marriage. She saw the looks of restrained jealousy upon the faces of those against the mating, their chances of having their own daughter on her hands and knees before the Emperor completely dashed.

But Cassia knew long before today that it was her her father wanted. She was just like her mother, the late Queen, and Veterius had never stopped wanting her. Anybody but Cassia were poor replacements for his dear Valeria.

She gladly let out her throaty moan of pleasure as her emperor pushed himself past her folds with ease thanks to Feowyn and Nayla's loving efforts. The noble crowd shifted, arousal growing steadily amongst them from the display and quite a few men had been sporting erect members with some looking to the women of their households.

Cassia and Veterius were making a great precedent by allowing children of incest to claim the Brass Throne and there was no doubt the nobility would adopt it as well in their own lineages soon after the Mating.

Cassia's heart fluttered as her father began to fuck her with strong and deep thrusts that hit her cervix over and over again, filling her completely, but also as a few nobles, more precisely the father and son of the Optatus family in the front and good friends of the Emperor, ordered their daughter and sister to tend to them.

There was some hesitation from the two platinum-haired girls but it was their mother who reminded them who were masters of the household and got them onto their knees in front of the erect males.

It pleased Cassia to see the mothers soon after leading the charge into new waters, encouraging their daughters, and even the sons who would never achieve true manliness, to worship their father's cock. It spread like wildfire and soon all the women and some men were on their knees worshipping.

If Veterius expected this, Cassia wasn't certain and right now didn't care as she cried out at the top of her lungs when her father breached her womb with his godly cock and filled her with the first of his many orgasms.

The rest of the Mating passed in a haze of heated sex where her father took her in so many ways. Her pussy and womb churned with his bountiful and virile seed with each insistent and dominating thrust while she was on top, on her back, face pressed into the bedding and dozens more.

The court had somehow remained subdued, adding only grunts and wet slurps of noble manhoods being worshipped while they watched Cassia ride orgasm after orgasm atop her husband and father's turgid member.

Nayla withstood the pain of her member engorging inside the cage admirably, standing still while also watching her sister be taken over and over again. Her eyes always lingered on her sire's sack, silently admiring his inhuman virility.
