 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Albuzara enjoyed her status as the cult's Matron for the past week, a position bestowed upon her by Uzara after her corruption. Being the Matron entailed managing the cult in Uzara's stead while she works to undermine and corrupt the rest of Talasia but also in inducting new worshippers and also equally important; supervising the breeding.

The demonic cause demanded more worshippers to be born for profane love and corruption only continues to grow with new lives and Albuzara most certainly desired more slaves to be born so that they can worship the dark gods. As such she had been using her cock and the first breeding stud to impregnate each and every woman that was inducted into the cult.

Right now she was busy pounding away at a tight and virginal pussy of an eighteen-year-old girl that was found surviving as a street urchin. Under Uzara's orders, no female was to be fucked before Albuzara, Uzara or the breeding stud for their wombs were required to bear demon spawn and not mortal whelps.

Albuzara thrusted rapidly into her, the girl silenced and insensate against Albu's lips as the demoness defiled her with both cock and tongue. The girl was chained by the hands to the wall of the dimly-lit basement and was bodily held in the air by the powerful demon as she was ruthlessly fucked into demonic slavery.

The breeding stud stood beside the two, forcing his cock straight into an older woman's womb that was ripe for breeding, this woman being his third today.

As the breeding continued, the other women who have yet had their turn watched in horror and undeniable arousal as the demonic beings did their dark deeds amidst the chanting of nude and enraptured cultists. The decadent throne sat empty with a smaller throne for Albuzara having been created a week ago right next to it and before both was an altar, atop it the dark tome of rituals and the daughter of the breeding stud chanted from it.

Dark energies swirled around the room and the torches turned blue and green as demonic forces were called forth by the chanting and decadent acts. It was one of the darkest rituals devised by the Patriarchs, a ritual to produce a foul well of ever growing profane energies that will slowly creep out and corrupt everything it touches.

Albuzara moaned out happily as she forced her way into the poor girl's womb and began dumping her scalding seed that defiled the once-pristine womb and seeded a child within. She pulled her head back to bask in the sight of a well-fucked young girl, her womb and pussy squeezing around her in her third orgasm.

But more women needed breeding and so she pulled out, her cock caked in seed and juices, and left the girl to hang unconscious by the wrists and sauntered over to the next one. They had three more women to go with the next one whimpering in fear from the approaching demoness.

"Shhh, don't be scared." Purred Albuzara, a loving smile upon her face. Even when she was a half-demon, she bore an unnatural lust for everything that might give her pleasure, but now as a full demon and bestowed with the knowledge the Patriarchs instill in all of their children, she now also loves as much as she lusts. Her next lover, a woman in her thirties that had been saved by demonic magics from a vile disease that rotted the flesh, was as beautiful and desirable as everybody else to Albuzara now. 

"I'm here to love you. We're all here to love you," she continued but the woman pulled away, pressing herself against the wall. Albuzara was not deterred. She'd done this dozens of times in the past week and by the end of it, every single woman was thankful the next day for the privilege of bearing her child. They are so grateful in fact that Albuzara was amassing her own harem. "You will bear me a child just like the rest."

Of course, Albuzara had no intentions in hogging the women. Once they've been bred, the mortal seed of the cultists would only serve to feed the growing spawn within. What better life to have than lounge and enjoy cocks upon cocks on end with no worries to speak of?

The house was far too small for the growing numbers which meant projects of digging out additional rooms and tunnels to provide space for them all. The men dug and Albuzara vanished the rubble and dirt to keep the cult's activities as secret as possible. The new recruits were hidden away under the cover of night into the cult's den and it was a stroke of genius of Uzara to have decided to place the cult's base of operations in the periphery of Talasia.

The woman kept away as much as she could and weakly struggled when Albuzara grabbed her by the hips and lifted her up. She, like the others, were left nude in all their glory for the demons to take with ease, and Albuzara didn't wait too long as she used one hand to spread the woman's tightly closed legs and exposed her puffy and wet sex.

Albuzara smiled at her, her red eyes in a sea of black brimming with love albeit the woman couldn't see it in her terror, and she began to grind her slick and cum-coated cock against her opening. Her cock was akin to Uzara's with nubs framing the crown of her cock and covering the surface, the growths vibrating on will.

The woman gasped at the throbbing cock pressed to her sex and it was obvious that she was trying to fight the overwhelming corruption wafting from everywhere. The ritual was ramping up, suffusing the very air with it and making it really hard to breathe. Albuzara didn't even notice it, only feeling the growing warmth of her Patriarch's love the ritual invoked deep in her gut. She even felt the hundreds of children Uzara's seeded within her react positively to the ritual.

Like any mortal, however, the woman stood no chance and the pleasure Albuzara inflicted upon her with just grinding her cock was enough to overtake her feeble mind. With her defences gone, Albuzara had free reign to mould the woman with pleasure and profane powers into a servile breeding bitch for the cause.

The mortals would've decried it a crime against them but they failed to realise that the demons gave them a much better and fulfilling life. Albuzara had been given the visions of Womb, of the great lands the Patriarchdom had conquered across the great sea and there was only peace, love and pleasure there. No wars, no killing whatsoever.

Seeing her broken, Albuzara continued to smile and aimed herself straight at the cunt on offer before pushing herself in. She was tight, her body still weak from the disease she'd been cured of but slowly growing into a lovely shape. She will be a beauty in the cult's harem once she'd been fed and taken care of.

"Mmm, good girl..." She purred and quickly rammed her womb-fucking length completely into the woman and slammed against her undefiled cervix. Thanks to the corrupting influences of her lover, the woman's womb was becoming ripe for the taking and would soon feel the exquisite pleasure of a cock piercing her womb and fucking it wide open.

As Albuzara began to thrust, building up her orgasm to breed this bitch, the ritual reached its crescendo. Every mortal in the room was being suffocated by the heaviness of the power they were building up, the torches guttering out and an unearthly dark glow filled the room.

It came from the daughter's belly who was silently crying out, the rest of the words of the ritual dying in her throat. The other cultists continued to chant despite the lack of air as their blood thickened and grew dark under the skin. They watched in amazement as the girl atop the altar fell to her knees with legs spread, her belly rapidly swelling with glowing and profane cargo.

The words were spoken and with the last air in their lungs, the cultists cried out. "Praise the Patriarchs!"

The girl's expression was twisted in an expression of utter and mind-destroying pleasure as she started to give birth. The glow traveled out of her belly downwards, piercing her flesh as it passed and was pushed out onto the altar. She fell back limply, eyes rolled up into her skull and lay there in a twitching bundle of orgasming nerves.

In her wake she left a newborn-sized crystal of a dark purple, the facets within reflecting an inner dark glow.

Albuzara grinned, having felt the power suddenly and concentrating in the large gem with the cultists slowly breathing again, and rammed herself straight into her lover's womb to start pumping it full of her steaming demon seed.

++++++++++++++++++++++++

Living amongst mortals was difficult for Nosferez, being surrounded by petty emotions such as anger, fear and stress. He could feel it pouring off of all of them, especially the slaves he was exposed to in the Grand Market as he put on the guise of the slave trader Serezad in Slut's stead.

Remembering that Slut waited for him back in the tent brought a faint smile on Nosferez' thin lips but now he had to focus on the meeting he's attending.

He had been busy selling slaves but also attending private meetings between slave traders for the past seven days, coming away from both terribly disturbed. It was hard maintaining the disguise of a wretched human who profited from misery and even worked to increase the trade with more souls.

The latter was the focus of the meetings, discussing strategies in manipulating the empire into even more wars, trying to splinter it just for the sake of more war-borne slaves. The southron provinces that are rife with orcish tribes were not an uncommon topic with some even proposing of creating a secret alliance between trader and orc to increase the flow of slaves.

Nosferez was incredibly uncomfortable when the eastern provinces were mentioned as the trader he was disguised as hailed from the eastern dunes, the other traders asking him about any of prospects for new 'goods' there.

Any demon had the capability of violating a mind but the Seducer caste were trained to not only violate but also absorb all of the knowledge of their victims. The victims had no reason to hold onto it since they'll be living as a lovely slave until their rise to demonhood.

As such he was very much aware of the current state of the Garkhan Dunes; a relatively peaceful province that somehow produced more slaves than the current war between man and elf. He had remained silent under the pressure, the slavers prying at him for any information.

Luckily the slaver Nosferez impersonated was a respectable trader in Talasia and had strong notoriety in these secret circles and all he had to say was a firm rejection to keep them from asking anymore.

While the meetings disturbed and inundated him in the horrors that is a secret guild bent on furthering their own greed, Nosferez stood firm in his mission as the Seducer assigned to Talasia. He made extensive notes on each trader he had the displeasure of meeting, preparing for his side of the mission; corrupting the slave trade.

"As I've already said," sputtered on a particularly obese trader out of the five currently attending. He'd been insisting on continuing to sell elven slaves despite the fact their worth had dropped tremendously and was only engendering resistance fighters. "The elves are good stock and live far longer than any other slave out there!"

A sigh came from the man's left, a woman of small size but sharp tongue. "Endonitus, you're as stupid as you are fat. Feeding and taking care of the elves costs more than they are worth. We're losing ducats by the day. They may live longer and are of good stock, but you fail to understand that they can and will kill their owners if given the chance."

"I agree with Annia." Said the man next to Nosferez, an elf with no scrupules. Nosferez had been raised to never feel disgust for anything, but he was sitting next to a man of pure evil. "As lovely as we are, you'd be a fool to think any elf slave to remain docile for long. You forget that out of all the slaves, elves break out of their collars the quickest."

Endonitus visibly gritted his teeth as he glared at the elf with his bright blue eyes before settling them on Nosferez. "Serezad, what are your thoughts on the topic?"

The tone was accusatory and threatening and the previous Serezad would've bristled at that. Nosferez wanted nothing more but enslave these people right then and there, break their minds and turn them into docile pleasure slaves. But not yet. He mimicked disdain for the man, genuine in part, and sneered at the man.

"Remember your place, Endonitus. You're the smallest trader here." He said with fake venom before giving his two ducats. "As for what I think, I think that it was folly to even enslave and trade so many elves in the first place. Veterius will soon crack down on such sales."

Endonitus was appropriately cowed, the fat man silent but red in the face.

"Serezad speaks true," this came from Nosferez's right. The man had been quiet like Nosferez was during the meetings. He was just a bit wealthier than Endonitus and knew his place on the table. "My little birds say that an imperial decree banning elves from the slave trade is in the works and will be declared soon."

His 'little birds' were an additional reason why he was a regular attendee to these meetings.

"Let us not fail to mention that several murders throughout the provinces have already happened." Added the elf, his tone amused despite the words. "And I'm not talking about the rebels."

A silence settled around the table in the brightly-lit room, the fragrances of elven tea filling the air. Nobody moved except to look to Nosferez to break it.

He had been thinking since the first meeting about manipulating the traders into unwittingly spreading corruption straight from the heart of the empire. These four were just a handful of traders that have banded together here in Talasia and Nosferez was certain that they were all connected quite well with the rest.

But he was beyond manipulating now. He has had enough of their wickedness, their heartlessness and arrogance. Nosferez had never felt anger until now and the all the notes and plans he'd made seemed to fade away into the back of his mind. Then a familiar voice of his Patriarch rang in his mind.

One day, in my service, you will feel anger. A terrible emotion I wish you'd never have to experience. When it happens, do not let it cloud your judgement.

The silence dragged on as Serezad sat there and looking lost in front of the expectant slavers while Nosferez reigned himself in. 

No, he mustn't act in anger...

"You. Traders of the Heartlands, have been more than accommodating to us," he finally began, pulling out of his slouch to rest his elbows on the circular and well-made table. He breathed in the fragrant scent of his cooling elven tea before continuing. "Of course we will continue to nurture our relationship. We've many slaves to sell, much better ones than those elves."

His words were greeted with nods and smiles, Nosferez internally cringing in disgust at them. It was an odd sensation, feeling such negative things for another living being. It made him long for the warmth and love of his homeland.

It came as a relief that the meeting was finished soon after and the five merchants disbanded in five different directions. Nosferez's personal bodyguards awaited him outside the building with a carriage ready and waiting for him.

He offered a small smile to the veiled and now-neutered warriors as he came out before slipping into the carriage. The warriors were enraptured with him, their wicked wills bent to his cause. Now they served to act as 'protectors' for him while he is in disguise but have otherwise been relegated to being pleasure slaves when Nosferez deems it.

They must repay for their wickedness and so will the traders soon enough.

++++++++++++++++++++++++

"Master Feowyn, what is it that you need of us?" Asked the head of Cassia's servants deep down in the basement of the palace. She looked at the tanned and toned nude elf with a slight tinge of worry as he smiled at her and her fellow servants with an odd smile.

The torches continued to flicker, casting the room in dimming light. All of Cassia's servants had been called upon by Feowyn while the young Empress is out training and serving her father at the court. The group of fifteen servants stood barefoot on the cool and smooth stone floor in one of the grander chambers that were excavated many years ago.

The domed ceiling reached high up, unseen in the darkness that the torchlight couldn't reach. There were cushions everywhere and a strange throne far in the back they'd never seen before. Although, after all, they've never been down here.

"Forgive me for calling upon you so suddenly and in such mysterious circumstances." Feowyn apologised, his voice carrying throughout the room. The scantily-clad servants stood at attention, albeit their expressions curious. "But our lovely Empress had tasked me with training you for her."

Feowyn was a close confidant of Emperor Veterius and the Empress, the elf a long-time advisor and former slave whose loyalty was unquestionable. The servants had little worries about his motives except the head servant; Galathea.

Galathea's lips curled into a small smile of her own. "And what kind of training would this be?"

Feowyn looked delighted to have been asked, his face lighting up with excitement. This made Galathea even more uncomfortable. Something was off...

Before she could even think of acting upon her hunch, Feowyn swept his hands in a wave as a purple gem around his cock glowed and an unnatural gust of wind came out of nowhere to push the double doors closed with an echoing slam. The servants looked behind and gasped as the door locked itself.

Galathea spun back around to look at the grinning Feowyn, her strong thighs tensing in preparation for a run. "What is the meaning of this, Feowyn?"

She then noticed a dark shadow rise from behind the nude elf, growing and growing until it towered above him. Wings of pure shadow poured out of the shade and extended to a full wingspan of three meters. The humans gasped in worry and began to pull back towards the door.

Feowyn tsked at them and moved his hands again, the gem glowing once more, and Galathea found herself rooted to the floor, incapable of running.

The shadowy creature behind Feowny began to form into a voluptuous and tanned creature with large leathery wings and decadent piercings covering her body. Her face was revealed to show a motherly expression and molten-gold eyes that swept over them in appreciation.

"You did well, Feowyn." Her voice was a husky purr and the seven-foot demoness stepped around him on her padded feet, the natural heels sprouting from her heels clacking as she did so. The poor humans looked in in fear as she approached them, her profane and massive cock engorging to reveal the row of golden rings pierced through the underside of it. "You please me with your offering."

"Y-You! You are the enemy!" Galathea managed to gasp out, quivering where she stood. Her tone seemed to displease the giant as she frowned for a moment. "Feowyn! You TRAITOR!"

The other servants began to cry out alongside her, their loyalty to the Emperor firm in the face of the enemy.

"I'm not your enemy. I'm here to welcome you into the family." Responded the hung demon, her worried expression morphing into one of a mother looking upon her child. Feowyn moved to stand beside her, reaching out with both hands to grasp her bloated cock and began to stroke it.

"She is a dark goddess of such profane love! I feared her, too, but she showed me how much she loves us all." The elf cried before getting even closer to start licking upon the throbbing flesh and tugging at the large rings covering her cock.

His worshipping was met with horrified fascination, gasping when the demoness moaned in response and reached with her tail to stroke his ass in loving motions. She looked on to the yet-undefiled humans and smiled.
