 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

AN: This chapter is more extreme than the last ones, I feel. So just a heads up.

+++

Almost a week had gone by for Cassia in a blur with her unable to catch up and make sense of what happened six days prior. Thank the gods that Feowyn was there beside her, the elf a skilled statesman in his own right and excellent advisor for the young Empress as she went about her courtly duties.

It was easy to lay into bed and just fall asleep each day, having spent every single minute of her time consulting with this and that advisor alongside audiences with nobles upon nobles who wished to garner more of the empire's favor. She was pleased to see that the Optatus family was only there to provide support, the right hand man of Veterius acting as a deterrent lest particular people overstay their welcome.

Just as yet another noble, this one a well-known slave trader called Endonitus, made his way out of the palace, Cassia heaved an inward sigh of relief. The corpulent man was utterly despicable in his posture towards her, having sent stinging and subtle barbs at her right to rule while still somehow maintaining a decorum of a loyal subject.

Thankfully he was the last one of the day as the sun was already setting and the fatigue slowly set in. She felt like her brain would melt in her hot skull from all of this and nearly toppled over when she got up.

Nayla was luckily there to catch her from falling, wrapping her armored arms around the nude empress in one swift motion before scooping her up off her feet.

Feowyn had gasped in surprise before smiling at Nayla. "Very good, captain."

The Optatus patriarch rushed to the throne. "Your highness! Are you well?"

Cassia flushed red with both shame and surprise to be held in such a way by her half-sister and nodded slowly to the armored man. "I'm just a bit tired, is all. No need to concern yourself too much, master Arruns."

Her soft and fearless words didn't seem to console the man who frowned but nodded.

"How about you and the Optatus family have a little chat in the gardens tomorrow? It is well in your right to close the doors of the palace for one day" Feowyn asked in his chirpy voice. Arruns glanced at the elf with a strangeness in his eyes before the graying man nodded in agreement.

"It would be my honor." He said with a low bow.

Cassia smiled at him and nodded as well. "That would be splendid. Captain, please take me to my chambers."

Nayla carried Cassia away from the throne room and towards Cassia's personal domain in the palace.

Cassia kept her hands on her belly, her lithe fingers running down the invisible line that the blade had cut in her belly six days ago. She's yet to tell anybody about it with only Feowyn knowing what had happened as he found her sitting on the floor and clutching her shallow wound. It made a mess despite how light the wound was.

The elf had been so caring and understanding as he cleaned her up and the mess, healed the wound with his magic and put her to a dreamless sleep. She still felt fear, the shadows having become so deep they might contain yet another assassin bent on taking her life. But the way Nayla carried her now made the place look a lot brighter, knowing her strong sister would protect her.

Feowyn lagged behind, the soft slaps of his bare feet accompanying Nayla's own heavy and metallic ones, and the elf seemed to hum to himself a familiar tune.

The elf had been in Cassia's life since she'd been born and it was often that he reminded her that he sang her to sleep on many occasions, both as a babe and a young girl. It was decadent irony that he ended up being her first time when she was fourteen and hadn't stopped since.

She felt sad that Feowyn has been barred from her bedchambers, wanting to once again ride his lovely long cock. The thoughts made her flush even harder, exhaling softly.

This caught Nayla's eye and the half-orc shifted a bit as she moved but the empress was too distracted by remembering how many times Feowyn had taken her.

Feowyn seemed to appear right beside Cassia's head just then and the elf had that innocuous grin on his face like he always did. "Having dirty thoughts, your highness?"

Cassia bit back a soft gasp, on reflex to maintain her regality, but then realised only Feowyn and Nayla were around. She felt safe acting like a wanton slut in front of them.

"Y-yes...what of it?" She murmured, lifting her nose a bit. She found the constant need to maintain face exhausting, that wasn't what a woman should do, after all. She felt great while father was here, sucking his cock during audiences and swallowing his seed in front of everybody. But she was in charge now and that was bothersome.

"No offense meant, empress. I'm simply asking because our delightful captain over here is more than willing to fulfill those desires." The elf say coyly, smiling brightly at his empress.

Nayla grunted in response but Cassia spotted the hopeful glint in her half-sister's amber eyes. Ever since the attempt on Cassia's life, she'd been barred from her bedchambers and hasn't had the chance to unload. Nayla cared deeply for her half-sister but she also had needs, needs she'd gladly fulfill deep inside Cassia.

The hopeful look was also full of unadulterated lust that made Cassia gasp and get instantly wet.

They arrived to the doors to Cassia's own personal palace-inside-a-palace and she ordered Nayla to put her down. 

"I can walk the rest of the way." She said confidently even though she still seemed lightheaded. Her sister watched her pad away on bare feet, eyes trailing all over Cassia's buttocks, her flawless back and to the golden hair that was tied in a long braid that hanged in the center. As always, Cassia forgoed clothing and instead wore only jewelry as a woman should even in her husband's absence.

Feowyn clapped twice and servants appeared at his beck and call. "Prepare a milk bath for her highness. And I expect full privacy for her and the captain."

The servants nodded with both Nayla and Cassia missing the conspiratorial looks the servants sent to each other and Feowyn. The elf announced his departure and bowed lowly.

"Please enjoy yourself, your highness."

Cassia smiled back at him and nodded. "I will. Thank you, Feowyn."

"My pleasure."

The servants went ahead of the two to prepare Cassia's bath of fresh milk scented with roses and sandalwood while firing up the furnaces beneath the pool to heat it from underneath. All of this went unnoticed behind the interior of the bathing room that was richly decorated in reliefs of naked maidens bathing and playing together. Pillars covered in chiseled ivy rose on each point and supported a small roof inside the room with incense burning in the rafters.

Nayla had never been to a place like this, having mostly been using the baths the Praetorian Guard shared together in the barracks and barely stopped herself from whistling her surprise.

Cassia went in without a second glance at the decorations, removing her jewelry and setting it aside. She had her back turned to Nayla who stared when she bent forward to remove her shin jewelry. "Can you please undo my braid?"

Her question nearly landed on deaf ears, the half-orc enamored by the sight and the scents, but luckily she still had a presence of mind to move forward and try to do it with her gloved fingers. It just ended up tugging on Cassia's golden strands with the empress hissing her displeasure.

"Not with your gloves on." 

Nayla nodded dumbly and quickly unclasped her gloves and set them aside before going back to unraveling the braid, this time successful with only one mistake.

Cassia didn't mind it much, finding Nayla adorable as she struggled with such female tasks. She really was raised like a man. The empress sighed in relaxation and rolled her head left and right to loosen her neck. It's been stiff from all the regal sitting she'd been doing.

"I can massage it for you, your highness." Nayla suggested quietly. Cassia giggled and turned around, flushed from the humidity that steadily rose in the room, and looking perfect for a ravishing.

"Nayla, we're alone. You can call me by my name." She told her, reaching up with her hands to place palms against the sides of Nayla's helmet and rose on her tiptoes to place a chaste kiss on her thin lips.

Nayla's lips moved to continue the kiss but Cassia had already pulled away and began fiddling with the clasps of her breastplate in an attempt to take it off. Her long ivory fingers made short work of the belts and hooks keeping it together and Nayla lifted her arms up so she can undo the belts on her sides.

They did this in amicable silence, Nayla breathing softly while her nude half-sister slowly undressed her. Beneath the padding and everything, she wore nothing and could feel herself get hard against the padding on her crotch.

Soon the last piece was set on the ground, Nayla's helmet, and the two half-sisters looked at each other. It was hard to tell when a half-orc was flushed with their green and gray skin tone but Cassia didn't need to know that to see Nayla was aroused.

That huge cock throbbed in anticipation, already drooling its musky preseed onto the tiles below, and it took all of Cassia's self-restraint to smile coyly at Nayla and turn around towards the warm pool of scented milk.

"Ever bathed in milk, sister?" She asked, stopping at the first step into the pool and looking at Nayla.

The half-orc shook her head and followed, her cock leading the way forward but she suddenly looked bashful and hardly confident in herself in this situation.

"It's glorious for one's skin. Keeps it nice and supple. Helps with scars, too." Cassia added the last bit, her eyes making their way from the jagged scar on Nayla's side and up to count almost a dozen of them marking her skin.

At this Nayla huffed. "Scars are badges of honor."

"Or weakness," Cassia retorted, taking one more step into the pool with the warm milk reaching her shins. The warmth sent pleasured tingles up her spine and she bit her lip as she went even deeper.

Nayla, of course, found her words odd. "How do you mean weakness?"

Cassia had already submerged her lower body in the pool, turning around to face the half-orc in a fluid motion. She was already feeling revitalized by the milk. "Isn't a scar a sign of one's failure to defend themselves? Wouldn't the greatest warrior be one who has no scars to speak of?"

Nayla shook her head and moved to the edge, watching Cassia intently. Her sister could tell the half-orc was searching for words to respond to her but also staring at her supple breasts that were capped by lovely erect nipples. 

"But let's not go there. I think we both need some relaxation and not silly debates." She said with a giggle and lowered herself down on her back to float in the white, her skin only visible because its flushed a rosy pink.

Nayla looked about to continue the subject but stopped herself and instead went down, letting out a coo of surprise at the warm milk. "It's really warm."

Cassia hummed an affirmative as she touched the edge of the pool and uprighted herself to sit on the submerged benches on the edge, the stone nice and warm under her heart-shaped ass. She watched Nayla go deeper, following the movements of that glorious, heavy and fuzzy sack hanging beneath that half-hard member until both disappeared and she could only see the aureolas of her breasts.

A shiver of contentment shook Nayla as her skin tingled with the warmth. She felt it especially around her cock and sack, both tingling like they're being gently massaged. 

"Ngh...this is some bath," She said with a small laugh and walked on the warm stone bottom to reach Cassia who was becoming more and more flush. Both were starting to feel bubbles of something thicker and a lot hotter rising through the milk with one reaching the surface right between them.

A soft hiss of steam was expelled once it broke and the unmistakable scent of seed reached both their noses. It was intense and nearly overpowering, making both gasp in surprise. More bubbles broke and soon the scents of roses and sandalwood were overtaken by this strange and alluring scent.

Cassia felt something inside her shift and knew it was her pussy blossoming in response to the smell, making her stifle a moan and reach down to palm her suddenly aroused sex. She watched Nayla's amber eyes darken as her latent lust was suddenly stoked into an all-consuming inferno.

Neither of them knew what happened next as it all happened in a blur of motion that sent tidal waves of milk sloshing out of the pool, only that Nayla was suddenly lifting Cassia up by the hips, out of the milk and into the air.

The young empress let out a squeak of surprise before she was settled down on Nayla's shoulders with her sister's head buried against her crotch. Next came a moan when she felt Nayla's tongue surging out to slobber all over her blossomed cunt. She grabbed hold of her head and bent forwards, letting out a cry of pleasure as Nayla suddenly caught her clit in-between her teeth and began to nibble it.

With the assault on her nerves and intense scent, it didn't take long for Cassia to cry out Nayla's name and drench her lover's face with her orgasmic juices. This didn't seem to faze the half-orc as she drank it all in hefty gulps. How so much was spilling out of Cassia, neither knew. Or cared.

It quickly became apparent to Nayla that she needed to be inside of her sister immediately and lowered the panting human girl and set her laying on her belly on the edge of the pool, pussy above the milk level and on full display. Cassia scrambled with her legs but they were soon pinned by Nayla's stronger ones as she stood on the bench and brought her cock out to bear.

It slapped wetly across Cassia's crack before sliding between those plump buttocks in rough and fast thrusts. Nayla didn't sound human as she grunted and growled in her bestial lust. Meanwhile Cassia moaned and could only clench her fists against the tiles as she started to beg for that glorious cock.

"Fuck me! Please fuck me!" She screamed in an almost hysterical manner which went unnoticed by Nayla who grabbed a handful of milk and saw the slimy seed that had been stealthily pumped into the pool. She didn't care at this point and used it to lubricate her engorged member and align it with her half-sister's cunt.

Cassia's next cry was strangled by Nayla's sudden and brutal thrust that buried the half-orc all the way to Cassia's womb with more cock to spare. The safety of the child in her womb had evaporated from her mind long before this and she hoped to get as much of that cock as she could inside her.

Nayla huffed and grunted, hands landing to grab hold of Cassia's hips in a bruising grip, and began to thrust wildly in and out of her. Their bodies met with resounding claps of flesh against flesh with the milk roiling from the rapid movements of Nayla's hips. More bubbles popped out of the pool, inundating the room in an intense musk that would drive anybody into a breeding frenzy.

Half-orc cock pounded away at Cassia's cunt at a bruising pace, making her cry out each time she felt the tip punch against her cervix. Had she any reason, she'd beg Nayla to stop but somehow the impacts weren't painful and instead made her cunt squeeze harder in response around Nayla's member.

With how Cassia held around her in a vice-like grip and the intense pace she maintained, it wasn't a surprise that Nayla finally burst inside of her sister and dumped a pent-up load she'd been saving for six whole days. But something kept her hips moving instead of locking up like they used to and instead she continued to thrust away into the now-cum-filled pussy.

Cassia screamed out when her cervix finally yielded and Nayla shoved the last few inches straight into the girl's womb. This event didn't even slow the half-orc down, her hips actually speeding up in their motions as they forced her seed straight into Cassia's womb.

Unbeknownst to the two, they were being watched.

"Quite a devious idea, Feowyn." Purred Uzara as she made the orb in her hand project the scene of sisters breeding like animals onto the chamber wall. They were back in the depths of the palace.

The elf lifted his head up to gaze upon his mistress' debauched visage and smiled happily. He's impressed the dark goddess!

"And to think you had those whores empty themselves of my seed to sneak it into their bath. Brilliant." The Bitch of Sin purred, a sound that came from deep within her chest as a show of delight.

"I saw the gifts you've bestowed upon their bodies and couldn't help but devise such a plan." He breathed in her musk with a shaky breath.

The projection faded when Uzara set the orb down and faced Feowyn fully who was still on his knees and prostrate before her. "Your efforts did not go unnoticed, my lovely slave."

Feowyn faced the floor once more as he responded. "Oh mistress..."

He saw her large feet appear in his field of view, black nails on toes of perfect length. He looked back up and saw her profane rod throb above him. Will it finally happen?

Uzara nodded and beckoned him to rise, which he did with shaky movements. "You've served the Patriarchs faithfully and without hesitation or doubt in your mind. You love just like any demon and desire Sin to spread all over the empire. For that, you will join us."

Feowyn let out a cry of relief and happiness, having been waiting for this ever since she'd appeared before him in all her glory. It was finally time for her to take him like a whore, like she did it to many others, and set him free of his mortal coil.

"On your hands and knees, slave." She ordered in a loving tone, steam beginning to billow out of her mouth and cock leaking steaming preseed.

The elf immediately turned around and got on his hands and knees, unviolated asshole presented to his dark mistress. He could feel her immensity tower over him as she moved into position, planting her feet on either side of his hips and lowering herself down. Her member was pointed straight at his hole and Feowyn hissed in pained delight as the steaming pre landed on his skin.

Already he could feel the corruption inside Uzara's lust seep into his flesh, loosening his backdoor in preparation for her. Her hands settled on his shoulders as she got into a mounting position and could feel his tremors of excitement because of it. This made her chuckle, a deep and husky noise that make Feowyn's cock flex in a near-orgasm.

"You ready, my love?" Feowyn knew Uzara loved him as much as she loved everybody else; with all her heart. She'd shown him through her sinful ways that demons of all ilk are loving and lustful creatures that desired nothing more than to have everybody and everything enjoy themselves and each other.

He nodded shakily and gasped when the massive head that was so large he feared it wouldn't fit was pressed against his entrance. Those fears were then washed away by a loving coo and soothing energies being poured into him through Uzara's hands planted on his shoulders. He had nothing to fear. He'll take all of her with no fretting.

After what felt like an eternity, Uzara finally lowered herself more to start pushing into him, making him pant from the intense feeling of a massive rod being forced past his meager asshole. The nubs covering the head of her cock dug into his flesh and she could feel herself pushing his asshole deeper in while it slowly but surely stretched wider to accommodate her.

Feowyn wasn't prepared for the sudden and nearly painful sensation of a cockhead popping into his body. He cried out and felt tears well up in his eyes as he felt like he'll be split in two. Yet somehow she didn't and cooed once more.
