 Cassia's gurgles and moans as she was filled from both ends filled the room, her pleasured noises coming out of the magical orb resting in Feowyn's outstretched hand. The grunts and groans of Canus and Arrun accompanied them.

The former elf's perfect and soft lips were curved in a smirk as he watched the court wizard stare at Cassia's nude body in the orb, watching her quiver as she did what she was born for. The erection Zereus sported didn't go unnoticed either as it tented his robes.

"Pretty, isn't she?" He asked, still grinning while hiding the pride he felt for his Cassia that she's giving in to the corruption within her.

This got Zereus' attention back on the elf and Feowyn hid the pain he felt when the human's anger and disgust for him came like a noxious wave. His smirk wavered while his heart began to beat faster and he had to hold onto Zereus' personal desk for support.

"What are you doing in my office?" The human ground out. Feowyn moved to stand behind the high-backed chair but the hard wood did little to protect him from the intense emotions. His words did remind him why he snuck into Zereus' office and waited for the wizard.

He still held the orb as he spoke, "I've come to speak with you, Zereus."

Zereus was a lanky man with little muscle, having used magic for most of his life, and sported a small growth on his pointy chin. An undesirable man overall, both in appearance and character. Feowyn had always been aware of the lust the human bellied for Cassia, and knew of the little projects he hid from the Emperor.

The wizard's expression was so furious and so were his emotions that Feowyn feared would rend his very soul with its malice. "Do not speak my name, slave." 

As the human's ire rose, so did the air thicken as magic began to saturate it. Feowyn, however, was afraid far more of his malice than any spell the wizard might assault him with. To placate him, he looked down to the floor and nodded.

It seemed to work as he sensed evil pleasure come away from Zereus who stepped closer. "Get away from my desk."

Feowyn heeded the order and padded around while Zereus took his seat at the desk, looking smug and pleased with the slave's subservience.

"I do not get what Veterius sees in you. Were I the Emperor, I'd have you in the dungeons as a plaything for the Guard." Zereus said, licking his lips as he most certainly imagined Feowyn chained and in stocks to be violated over and over again.

The former elf would've been delighted with the idea, having so many cocks plunging into him and dumping their delicious loads. But the evilness coating those thoughts nearly made him frown.

Instead he smiled and lifted his head back a bit. "Like your pets?"

The tension in the room spiked as Zereus slowly stood up with magic once again rising to heed his violent emotions. Feowyn cringed but went upright. "What did you say?"

"Your pets. I know you keep dozens of them for your pleasure down in the dungeons of the palace." Feowyn explained, fighting to keep his voice steady. He'd been a subservient slave for so long and his new ability to feel emotions to his very core made it incredibly difficult to keep calm and go with his plan.

Zereus' eyes narrowed and he looked at certain angles in the room before calming down and taking a calming breath. "I think even Veterius would be disgusted by what you do to them in your free time."

Ever since Zereus had arrived to court a decade ago, Feowyn kept a close eye on him. He saw all of the frustration the human felt when Cassia taunted him with something he couldn't have and even nearly broke him when she used his own collar on him, making him unable to savour his time with her.

The wizard had been a devious character right from the beginning and the elf quickly caught onto the schemes of smuggling slaves and people into the palace for his own pleasure and experiments. Zereus hasn't visited his pets for a few days now, unaware that Uzara had rescued them all and were being welcomed by the cult.

"So you know about them." Zereus said with deadly calm. Feowyn could reach out for the human's mind to read what he was thinking but that wasn't required to know Zereus was now plotting his death at breakneck speeds.

Feowyn held a hope that he could somehow redeem Zereus but seeing him now and feeling the rot and evil down to its pustulent core. Its stench and malignant pressure threatened to make him cry.

"Of course I know about them," He confirmed with a shaky breath. "Knew for the last five years."

Zereus's thin eyebrows lifted up and Feowyn instantly knew that the wizard had lost his patience and changed his schedule of killing him from 'someday' to 'now'.

Human magic was woefully weak when compared to what a demon could put to the fore. Uzara had taught him how to harness these new powers he gained from ascending into demonhood and had no fear what the human might try to do to him.

Instead of running or taking a fighting stance, he just shook his head and sighed. "I thought-"

He didn't even get to finish when a jet of flame poured out of the wizard's palm, pouring over him and making his skin turn into a charred mess of blisters. Or at least Zereus hoped that would be the result.

The smoke lifted and heat dissipated to reveal a slightly sweaty bronze Feowyn, unmarred by the fire and looking disappointed.

"W-what..." Zereus breathed out in confusion. "How?"

Feowyn let his demonic nature reveal itself as he gave up on the charade and assumed his true form. Zereus watched in terror and amazement as Feowyn's form shimmered and took on decidedly unelfish features like a pair of onyx horns curling around his temples, the lengthening of his ears and his increase in size. He grew to seven feet and the foreskin of his cock pulled away to reveal a purple nub-covered crown. Next were the immense wings that sprouted from his shoulder blades, the leathery membrane thick and black as the void.

Zereus tried to walk back and fell into his chair as a result, letting out a gasp of surprise when intense green eyes were settled on him, the slitted pupils swimming in burning emerald promising him retribution for his crimes.

Zereus' subsequent screams were choked away when Xertez spelled him silent, letting him only make whistling noises. His attempt of escape was futile as well as the tall demon grabbed him by the throat and lifted across the desk and forced onto his knees by undeniable strength.

Zereus was face-first with Xetrez's immense demonic member and gulped when it hardened rapidly to its full length of over a foot with a girth he surely couldn't handle. Then pain flared in his neck as the demon's tail whipped around with a barb on the heart-shaped tip and injected him with molten-hot venom.

He thought it would melt his head off of his body as it began to spread throughout it with a lot of it pooling in his crotch and now-engorged cock. His heart beat in his ears and weakness filled his limbs, turning them to lead. He was helpless and could only watch as Xertez grabbed his head with both powerful hands and aligned his cock with his lips.

The human tried to beg for mercy, to not be used like he's used his pets over and over again but his voice betrayed him. Looking up, beyond that massive demonhood, he saw Xertez's expression of pity.

This would've spurred Zereus into a rage but now all he could muster was a defiant look for a second that was dashed away when Xertez began to force himself past his lips.

At that moment he learned of yet another purpose of the venom and he would've gasped if he wasn't silenced when his lips flared with intense sensations upon being touched by that girthy and fat head. It was sensitive like his cock and his cock jerked in response but didn't cum just yet. Something kept him from doing so.

"While I violate you, you will not be able to finish. And I will not stop until you're nothing but a broken toy. Then, you will cum your balls out until there's nothing left." Xertez growled and bucked his hips to shove his cock straight into Zereus' tight throat that was sensitive like a virgin pussy.

Had it not been for the venom, Xertez would've ripped Zereus' throat wide open with his size, as it made his flesh stretchy and malleable for his violator's purposes. Zereus squeezed his eyes firmly shut as he felt like his cock would explode, the tip twitching in a denied orgasm that had somehow only gotten stronger than last time.

Xertez let out a hum of pleasure, steam pouring out of his mouth and eyes ablaze with pleasure he had not yet felt before. And he only had a quarter of his throbbing member inside of the human.

Wanting to feel more, he pulled his victim's head against his girth and stifled a groan of pleasure as his cock slid further down the human's stretchy gullet. He couldn't see how big of a bulge he created in Zereus' throat so instead he wrapped his leathery tail around his neck and squeezed gently to have a good feel.

"I wonder for how long you can hold your breath. Hopefully longer than your pets." He purred, delighting in the flare of panic emanating from his lovely fucktoy.

Indeed, Zereus feared what the demon intended to do to him. Many a slave had suffocated to death with his cock being the reason why they couldn't breathe and tried to beg Xertez with his beady eyes but to no avail.

The demon was too busy enjoying himself, drinking in both the tightness of the wizard's throat and his ever-growing dread. Thoughts of killing Zereus through suffocation were entertained at that moment, as retribution for what he had done for years, and Zereus was certain this was it as his lungs burned and darkness surrounded his vision.

The venom was too strong, Zereus' limbs hanging limply at his side, and he began praying as much as he could while his brain suffocated. It all seemed to end when a sharp pain and orgasmic pleasure ripped through him as Xertez pulled out of his sensitive throat and let him fall face-first onto the stone floor.

His nose gave way with a sickening crunch and blood filled his mouth as a result. The flow of hot red somehow made him cum again, but the demon denied him his orgasm, and he spluttered on the floor in attempts to gulp air past the blood.

The fine tiles of his office, inscribed with magical writing he is now incapable of activating, now had a pool of blood as he bled upon it in his prone position, and he watched the immense shadow of his violator move and reach for him to rend the robes he wore with deadly claws.

Xertez tore off his robes to reveal the wizard's scrawny and pallid form, grunting in displeasure at the sight. It was impossible for the demon to not feel disgust and aversion for his new toy.

"You disgusting creature," He spoke, watching Zereus weakly move his arms and legs to try and get up but he placed his foot onto his back and pinned him to the floor. This only made the human's painfully erect and pinned cock flare in intense pleasure that had him moaning out his pleasured discontent. "Your fuckhole does not deserve my cock."

Zereus thought that was the end of it. He wouldn't violate him anymore?

Those hopes were dashed away when he felt the soft leather of the demon's tail slide against the insides of his thighs and across his now-bare ass. The heart-shaped tip was large and bulbous, much larger than Xertez' cock and Zereus knew what he had in mind.

He could only hope the venomous spike within wouldn't be used on his guts.

With no lubrication or prior preparation, Xertez began forcing his tail into his pet's body, grinning when confusion and fear once again flared sky high inside of Zereus as his poisoned body adapted to stretch and expand to accomodate his violator's tail. The demon let out a curious coo, both from pleasure and curiosity as he wasn't fully aware of what his venom was capable of, and slid the widest part of his tail with a lewd pop.

Zereus' orgasms were like ambrosia to Xertez as they washed over him like a wave of ecstasy every time it happened and laced with the knowledge that release was once again denied to his disgusting little pet.

Zereus would've been heard throughout the castle as he let out a guttural scream of immense pleasure but he was still silenced by Xertez, his mouth wide open but no noise coming out. The tail wriggled inside of him, going deeper and deeper, and he could feel his guts stretch and distend with its passage; all the while being bombarded with intense pleasure as a result.

Neither Xertez or Zereus noticed when his eyes rolled up into the back of the human's skull, his body a twitching mess of dozens of denied orgasms, each stronger than the last. Xertez' vile powers were at work liquifying his gonads, turning his sack into a pouch holding nothing but seed that was getting ready to be fired out.

Minutes before passing out, Zereus broke mentally; his psyche shattered and burnt away by the immense power of one great release that made a puddle of worthless mortal seed beneath him while Xertez's tail had filled the entirety of his colon.

At that moment Zereus stopped existing, leaving behind only a broken toy for Xertez to mould and play with.

++++++++++++++++++++++++

"I can sense something troubles you, my love." Uzara said as she laid on her side on a large lounge, her decadent body on full display in the purple-lit room while the sounds of sex and pleasure came beyond the veiled doorway.

Her molten gold eyes were brimming with worry as she looked upon her sibling Nosfertez. The ebony demon couldn't meet her eyes, instead looking up into the vaulted ceiling of Uzara's personal chambers in the Den.

The smaller demon's supple chest rose and fell as he drank in the musk and scent of seed that completely permeated the Den, trying to calm himself with the familiarity of it, but his thoughts were too taken by dark things lurking in his mind.

It had been a couple of days since he brought the rescued slaves from that Endonitus human and quickly left before Uzara or Albu could speak to him. Since then he struggled with the darkness his rage-fueled violation and negative emotions these mortals possessed have brought on.

He was only here because he reneged on his duties and Uzara had immediately noticed it, summoning him to her chambers.

"Nothing that cannot be dealt with, mistress." Nosfertez finally responded after long moments of silence. His usage of her title instantly put Uzara out of her comfortable position on the lounge and she stood up to come and embrace him.

The smaller demon was pressed firmly against her toned belly and face buried into her motherly breasts. At the contact, Nosfertez relaxed and wrapped his arms around her waist and breathed a sigh of relief as her presence warded off those awful thoughts.

"Oh you poor thing...that human's death has really troubled you, hasn't it?"

Nosfertez nodded as he began sniffling, tears stinging behind his eyes. Uzara cooed in reassurance, like a mother calming her upset babe, and gently pulled him to the lounge where she lay on her back and had him lay on top of her.

"Shhh, everything is alright. You did good, my love." She continued to reassure him while her cock hardened with demonic love. She knew just the thing to banish those nasty thoughts of incompetence and anger. The larger demoness also kissed the top of his head that peaked out of her cleavage and she began to purr to calm him even more.

Her body made him relax completely, her hands roaming over his slim body and caressing his shoulder blades that only had small humps where the wings started while they were closed tightly against his back. They vibrated in pleasure while her immense violator of a cock rose high up and began to drool above him.

Then those hands wandered down to his plump ass, groping and squeezing both cheeks before aligning her cock with his puffy donut of an entrance. The scalding precum that already poured out of Uzara's cock elicited a happy and surprised gasp from Nosfertez who pulled his head out of her cleavage to look up at her, his bright red eyes darkened with lust.

She watched his long tongue lick his perfectly white teeth and immediately latched onto one meaty nub capping her large breast and began to suck fiercely. So much so that he immediately began drinking of her demonic milk that sprang into his mouth in response to his sucking.

"Mmm, that's right. Drink your fill, my love." Uzara encouraged. Every demon with breasts had milk to offer and it has been quite a while since she was milked, humming with delight and grabbing Nosfertez' hips and bucking hers.

Unlike a mortal, a demon's body was built for sex, and her highly-decorated cock pushed past his donut of a fuckhole with ease as it quickly stretched and expanded to fit her immense girth. This forced a happy moan out of her lover and his grip on her other breast tightened as she filled his straight gut with more cock.

The long and straight tube that comprised of Nosfertez' intestinal tract was lined with vibrating nubs and grappling cilia that stroked and enticed Uzara's cock as it filled him. Her girth was so large that his belly was distended by its presence, visibly making its way through his belly and towards his stomach that eagerly awaited to be penetrated by her profane rod.

Steam billowed out of both demon's mouths as they enjoyed each other in such a loving and intimate way and soon, right against the entrance to his stomach, Uzara bottomed out. Nosfertez had never let go of her nipple, moaning around the surges of delicious corrupted milk, and his whole body had stretched to accommodate his lover's loving cock.

Uzara's hands swept over his body once again and kissed him on the forehead. "Been a while since I fucked a Seducer..."

"Ngh...I'm blessed to be violated by a Bitch of Sin a-ah..." Nosfertez moaned out, his own cock fully erect and throbbing against Uzara's chiseled abdominal muscles and his own distended belly. He was no stranger to this treatment and had the chance to feel his Patriarch's love first-hand as she fucked the knowledge a Seducer needs for days and nights.

"And a while since I got to go all the way through." She added with a devilish grin that made Nosfertez let out a happy noise. Oh how he missed that!

Suddenly Uzara's cock surged as it grew in length, and thanks to Uzara holding him still by his widened hips, it began to push against the entry to Nosfertez's empty stomach that served no purpose but to be filled with cum, cock or whatever a demon deemed desirable. 

It was still firmly inset inside Nosfertez's body and resisted her assault but only for a little while until the nubbed head popped inside his stomach that was audible in the room alongside Nosfertez's happy squeal.

Uzara's cock didn't stop there and continued to grow inside of him, forcing itself into his oesophagus. In moments, Nosfertez couldn't speak anymore as his lungs and heart were pressed against his flexible rib cage that expanded to allow Uzara unfettered passage into his throat. His neck bulged with its presence and Nosfertez's eyes rolled up in orgasmic bliss as he fired off shot after shot of high-pressure and scalding cum that splattered against Uzara's hard belly.

His whole body squeezed around Uzara's unnaturally long cock, intestinal nubs digging into her throbbing flesh and vibrating against it while the cilia writhed frantically and make it nigh impossible for her to keep from cumming. But she was a Bitch of Sin and no mere demon and she grinned, steam pouring past her lips and let out a roar of pleasure when her cock erupted past Nosfertez's lips and let it loose.

Her cum flew over her head in massive ropes of thick and fertile demon seed, splattering against the ceiling and hitting the wall behind the lounge.

The apex of their lovemaking was missed by Albuzara who came onto the scene just as it ended and giggled upon seeing the mess Uzara had made in her throes of pleasure. The young demoness would've jumped into the fun had she known beforehand but she was bringing important news.
