 My name is Rosalina Akua of the Zaille kingdom. I am a royal summoner under the royalty's command. When I was in training I was told keep a chronicle of my life and my day to reflect if I had existed proper to the codes of honor. Many of my fellow trainees assumed it was just idle work so we wouldn't cause too much fuss every day. I tended to agree with them. Still thought habits are hard to break, and this is one of them. 

Our code of honor is in many ways traditional and by that, I mean, with all due respect, outdated and near useless. Of course, there were the obvious protect the innocent, fight those whom try to disturb the peace, and exist in ways that make you feel worth while. Standard fare in all but with regulations that seemed trivial. I turned the ones that I felt were worth while into a rule and the others a "guideline". 

That doesn't mean I didn't decide what was right or wrong nor does that mean I didn't try to protect others. This last week's missions were precisely that. Protecting the peace where I could.

For the past week, me and my partner had been following the trail of a large-scale necromancer who had started causing razing lands that he felt were "his". The path to his base of operations had led us through the country side where his campaign seemed to end. The trail itself was not arduous, only lacking in adventure. We had passed a few villages that we had visited before but the only new place of interest was a small pond that we could to relax and for me specifically, bathe. 

I stared into the ponds reflection after I had cleaned up and redonned my summoners robes and leather pants. I had been told many times by friends that if I ever decided summoning was too dangerous I could always find a well-off suitor due to looks alone and I guess I could understand what they mean. I had red hair that I kept at shoulder length. I wasn't too muscular but I was at least athletic. I was of average height, average bust, but apparently, I had a butt and hips to die for. 

My partner whom had relentless tried to get me to clean myself (it's not that I'm unhygienic, it's more so she really wanted to clean me with herself) is currently brooding underneath a tree. Lily was my summoned contract, like most summoned contracts she had my summoner mark, a black shield with a red heart in the center. She was a slime who usually maintained a single uniform colour throughout her body. She would normally spend her time in a relatively human form, her top half taking a human form while her waist down just formed a hill shaped base. If you couldn't tell that she was a slime, you would think that she was wearing a very plain ball room dress. 

As I thought more of my partner I was quickly reminded of our interesting relationship. Most other summons were mutually beneficial. Like any contract, both parties must agree upon the contract and its terms. My contract with Lily was significantly different. I don't remember the details of when it happened but it was much different than most. Ours was permanent, others were limited by time.

I was brought out of my contemplation by Lily's voice

"Mistress, you should be at home resting. I can deal with this on my own." 

I will admit even after living with her for years now, I still am astonished that she worried this much about me and that she was still adamant about doing things for me.

"Lily, it's fine. Plus, I feel a little better, so I'm not too worried about being injured."

The slime beside me started to change colour as she raised her normally soft and sensual voice. 

"Feeling a little better isn't the same as being fine Mistress! What do you mean you're not too worried about being injured! The things you signed up to take down crushed one of the biggest villages nearby!" She was quickly turning from her original dark purple to a sinister looking blood red. 

"Lily, I know won't get hurt because you're going with me. Okay? Besides, I feel weird staying in the castle. The princess, serving girls, and even some of the captains are being... clingy" 

I didn't want to mention the growing feeling down there. Mind you I'm well past the age where any person should have learnt about their bodies urges. I just didn't want to mention it towards Lily. The slime girl (or as she would put Grand Slime Dragonoid), was far from the most wholesome individual. Give her any indication that you're feeling aroused and she was quicker to pounce then a Naga attacking a prospective meal. Upon thinking about it, she would view me as a prospective meal. Wouldn't be the first time she ate me. Sure, she was a slime but that didn't stop her from having a pleasing form either. Despite her gelatinous body and her uniform colour, she took on a form that oozed sexuality. 

Goddess, even when I was horny I was making terrible puns. 

I was so caught up in thinking and looking at her like that I didn't notice that she had stopped me while we were walking.

"Mistress. Are you okay? Do you want to stop and take a break? You spaced out for a minute there. You look a lot more flushed and you're starting to sound out of breath. Do you want to stop and take a break?" 

She had switched from her crimson to a lighter purple with a tad bit of pink. While we were walking, she had taken the lead but now she was face to face, concern visible. I felt some of her slime pool start to make their way towards me, creeping up my foot and legs.

"Mistress, this is why I insisted on cleaning you myself! You must have gotten sick from bathing in that pond! There's a couple of tree's over there. I'm taking you over to get you in the shade so you can rest." I opened my mouth to counter and say I was fine but she quickly responded. "No buts! I will not tolerate you being sick, not while I'm here to take care of you." 

Using her slime, she maneuvered the various tendrils over my body before eventually placing her hands behind my back and my knees and bridal carrying me whilst moving towards the shade. I was hoping that in her haste to move me she hadn't noticed that I was starting to become moist.

"And don't think for a second that I'm just letting you confront a necromancer when your undergarments feel wetter than me."

She had. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Lily was interesting to be around. She didn't have the qualities that you would come to expect from her. Her voice while sensual changed just as frequently as her colour. She didn't hide when she was feeling raunchy, loving, teasing, angry, or sad. It's hard to when you show how you feel so vividly. She was very over-protective when I summoned her and even now she still refused to let me do anything without being near me. 

She had never fully explained what our relationship was like aside from calling me Mistress despite my insistence for her not to. However, I swear that at a base level she could understand me better than I understood myself. 

What I never expected was her voracious appetite. 

She had gently lowered me into the pool of slime that you could call her lower body. I struggled a bit, trying to get her to let me sleep instead of doing the deed, but she was having none of that.

"Mistress, you might not want to indulge yourself I understand that. But by denying yourself, you're denying me too!" Her words, as well as her whole body, was practically dripping with lust. Her form had changed from that light purple to a rose pink and her normal black eyes had glazed over. "Plus, we haven't had the time to do anything fun with you running around doing 'errands'."

Due to her body being able to take on any form and hide naughty bits from view, Lily never had to wear clothing, something she wished I would adopt in my free time. I however did have my normal black hooded robes and adventuring pants on. I realized quickly though that those were being stripped from me and discarded randomly.

"Lily, you shoul-mmmn", a pink tendril had covered my mouth before I could finish the sentence. I was suspended in her pool on my back, parallel to the ground. After she had gotten rid of the robes and pants, the tendrils slid over my body.

"Mistress, shhhh. Just let me make you feel better. Your body is so tense! You need to be more like me and relax."

The tendrils were caressing me everywhere, leaving warm spots all over my body. Some of the smaller tendrils that appeared from her pool had reached out and unclasped my bra, letting my b cups breasts breath. The same tendrils then flowed towards my panties and shimmied them off my waist. The one that had been covering my mouth had taken my shock at being quickly disabled and went in, gently pushing in and mixing with my tongue. 

While doing this, Lily had changed so that she was now looming over me, and using her hands to fondle my boobs. Her hands started to rub in circles, moving them while playing with my now erect nipples. Her head moved closer to mine as the tendril in my mouth exited, allowing to catch my breath. 

"Y'know Mistress, I didn't know you were that ready to go." She whispered lustfully into my ear. "Was it that busty farm girl we passed by on our way here? I can do that for you if it turns you on that bad." As she said it, her normal c cup chest started becoming larger and firmer.

"Ooooh! Mistress. This feels so good! I" Her boobs had exceeded d cups and now were dangerously close to back break breaking territory, not that she would care since she didn't have a back.

"Mmmmmmh, that felt yummy. So mistress, would you like me to stay like this? I don't mind if it gets you worked up more. More play time for me." Truth be told while I had noticed the farm girl, I was distracted by the mission and Lily to have noticed that she was very well endowed. 

Seeing it on Lily was a very different beast though.

"Still being silent huh? While some girls love the strong silent type, we appreciate it when we have some communication. Like what happens when we do this." Suddenly there were 2 larger masses pressing at my ass, one above and one below. 

"Lily! I thought we agreed we weren't doing that!"

"There we go. Don't worry we won't do that till you feel more comfortable with that. Speaking of comfortable, are you comfortable right now? Your body is telling me yes, but I would still like to hear your word for it." Essentially wrapped in her, protected and loved by a warm cloud, I couldn't say no. My nipples were on fire with desire and my body was yearning for her touch. 

"Lily, please just continue" I moaned out

"Alright Mistress, your desire is mine."

I felt one of the tendrils shrink in size and press readily at my nether lips. It was pushing but not entering. I looked at her face and nodded.

Her hand came up to my cheek as her lips dropped down and kissed mine. This time her "tongue" entered instead of a tendril, pushing and puling. At the same time, the tendril down there entered me slowly. My hips started pushing at her, trying to get more of her in me. Another tendril had appeared rubbing my clit, accelerating my need. Her large breasts rubbing against me, teasing my nipples.

"Please Lily!"

"As you wish mistress"

Her tendril increased its pace, filling me with each stroke. As it pulled out, my inner walls trembled and my arms started to twitch. When it pressed back in my toes curled in delight. 

A couple of minutes went by, both of us continuing to rut as the sun started to fall and the sky turned to dusk. I was twitching and convulsing this way and that from her ministrations and felt the all too familiar clenching in my stomach.

"Mistress, I'm close. I need to cum!"

I stared in to her eyes, watching her as her whole body vibrated on the edge.

"I am too, Lily! Just do it"

Her bodies vibration increased as she started slamming into me harder and harder. My body was standing on the precipice of orgasm and this was the push that sent me flying off. My legs and arms convulsed as waves of pleasure coursed through me. I clawed at her slime fruitlessly as it continued.

"MISTRESS! I'M CUMMING!"

I felt a large burst of goo enter my pussy, furthering my original climax. Her body had changed from it's calming rose pink into a bright shocking pink before slowly reverting. As we started to descend from our respective highs, I noticed that it was suddenly night fall.

"Were we at it for that long?

"Well mistress, you happen to be very insatiable. It's important for me to make sure your hunger is satisfied" She said in a teasing manner.

"Lily! You know what I mean! " "I know Mistress, I know" Her tone was nothing but affection as she slowly started to submerge me in her flesh. 

Benefits of having a slime as a summon. You never need to buy a sleeping bag when you can sleep in her and feel completely protected. She caressed me in this form even without having any tendrils that seemed notable. It was just everywhere, making me feel warm before exhaustion hit. I needed sleep badly. I hadn't slept since I had left the castle.

"I'm serious about that farm girl thing though, those things felt awesome. Almost gave me an idea had you been actually sick Mistress."

"And what would that have been love?"

"Breastfeeding you, my mistress. After all, knowing that I'm the one who's healing you inside and out is very pleasurable."

"You're a pervert you know what?"

"I'm your pervert though Mistress.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ We had awoken from our tryst and had started to make our ways to the ruins where the necromancer and his party were supposedly hanging out. I had reached into the depths of my magic to find my sword to ready it. When we found them, I had readied my sword in my right hand and let my slime take any form she wished.

When she said, she was a Dragonoid she wasn't embellishing her title. She had changed her texture to give off the impression of scales and had taken the shape of a large dragon shaped human. She towered behind me, walking in synchronization. 

Our arrival at the camp was greeted by multiple shambling corpses and skeletons. A common tactic for necromancers when invading, kill everyone and then revive the corpses for more killing power. Only issue is that doing so much drained you, so I expected the necromancer to be resting right now. 

His "guards" on the other hand were fully alerted to our presence.

"...I assume you guys don't feel like talking, do you?"

They started shambling faster towards. I readied my sword in defense. If this had been a decade ago I would have been scared and revolted of the undead. If this were a decade ago I would have hid behind Lily, closed my eyes and ask her to take them away and then cuddle into her crying. This was not a decade ago.

The zombies moved towards me, each moving at their own pace. I swung my sword horizontally, aiming for one of their jugulars and backing off when I had noticed that they had gotten closer. The next 10 minutes was some of the same. I would advance and behead some of them, but then retreat when they were about to swarm me. Lily had taken a different approach as she was dealing with the skeletons. She immobilized the skeletons in her slime before dissolving them, exercising the magic into a form that she could use to spit out and hurt other members of the horde. 

Soon enough we had gotten rid of the horde, I made a mental note to come back here and burn the corpses and give them a somewhat proper burial. The village, that they had currently taken occupancy of was smaller than the villages around them. The only notable point was its relative secrecy compared to the other villages. It was hidden away in an indistinguishable canyon. One way in, one way out. Perfect if your main ability required a funnel so people couldn't escape easily. Stay there too long however, and you found yourself in your victim's perspective.

The flow of magic led us to the magical registry. Something about the magic here was different though. Necromancy always twisted magic, but this was different. It felt as if part of the magic wanted to push away from the building into the other direction. Upon further analysis, a part of the magic seemed to pushing towards me, as if calling me to enter the building. Was this how they killed so many? Attracting people to come to that building like bees to flowers? 

"Typical, the only building a mage might decide to make their base in."

"To be fair it is a building where all of the magic goes towards, be it for artificial or natural circumstances."

"Still mistress, it's horribly cliché."

"Just wait, he might have a terrible excuse to justify his actions."

"I can already hear him now. 'I was the best mage in my village and they kicked me out as if I was some gutter trash! I will have my revenge!' then he'll do some horrendous pompous laugh and then I'll get to kick him in his stupid face."

"He could be a she or even an it. Golem's aren't exactly specific"

"Necromancer golem. That'll be the day I decide you aren't the most beautiful women I've ever known"

"Oh, hush you pervert, we have a job to do."

"But mistress, I'm your pervert."

I could hear the pout in her voice as she said it. God what did I do to deserve this loveable goof?

The building was practically caked in the stench of necromancy and an ominous aura surrounded it, sending shivers up and down my spine. Lily on the other hand was calm and collected, ready for whatever came at her once the door opened.

"Ready Mistress?"

"As I'll ever be." "On 3" "2" "1!"

We busted open the door, waiting for any threats. What I didn't expect to see was a frail old man sitting down on a chair in front of us. 

"I've been expecting you." He croaked out, his voice barely a whisper

"I'm sorry but that is the most cliché thing I've ever heard." Lily was quick to retort. We didn't expect the old man however to hold his ears in pain

"Could you keep it down?! Just because I'm an old man doesn't mean I can't hear you!" He yelled before devolving to a coughing fit at the end.

"I'm sorry sir, but as royal summoner of the Zaille kingdom, I have been ordered by the royalty do detain and arrest you. If you refuse I will be forced to use lethal action." I had memorized this speech and hoped that it would come across as authoritative. My body had involuntarily snapped to a formal combative stance, my sword readied in my right hand while my left had started conjuring sparks as a show of power for intimidation. 

"Well I'm sorry you wanton slut! I'm not going to jail so kill me while you stand or face the price! I am GEORGE THE NECROMANCER! Feared across countless regions of this land! You two don't scare me! I will kill you where you stand!"

George had started floating up in the air, when he then promptly had his head rotate 360 degrees... and then fall to the ground with the rest of his body.

"Foolish man, doesn't he know that only spiders are safe in their webs." a mysterious voice appeared, Lily immediately jumped and partially covered me with her slime.

"Who's there?!"

"That is quite adorable on how protective you are of her. But I will admit, you shouldn't be scared. I don't bite those whom interest me" The voice appeared from the darkness, two red crimson eyes appeared from the darkness first before her face and the rest of her body came into view. 

My jaw gaped open before shutting in fear. Lily hadn't shifted in color as she normally would to indicate her fear but she did something that was more telling, she had practically concealed me in her slime, placing herself in front of me. 

For good reason considering what was in front of us. If it went for her lower half appearing out of the darkness, I would have thought that she was a very alluring blood elf. Her hair was cut in a bob style, reaching past her elfen ears to frame her face before stopping at her neck. Her skin was flushed and underneath flowed both her species name sake and a steady if corrupted flow of magic. The rest of her upper body was about the same if a tad bit more athletic than the average blood elf. She was wearing only a leather corset and standard archer's armguards.
