 Hello!

To those of you reading who have read the first part, this is the second (obviously!).

I will mention this right now; this part is very exposition heavy.

I'm still new to Literotica and writing in general so I apologize if my story has terrible grammar and pacing. (I'll get better I swear!)

It's really overwhelming to see so many people read this (unless I'm incorrect on how the Lit viewing algorithm works) so I'm happy to see all of you people reading!

I'm playing around with how I transition things so feel free to comment on the flow of the story.

I want to say thank you to Capn_doggy, Fantasticalfantasy, Magical_kitten, and China_Doll. Your works have been very influential to this story and for the inspiration to write this story.

Lastly, I want to say thank you to you the reader! Again, feel free to comment or message me! I would love to read criticism or just to learn more about you guys! 

I hope you are having a good day and remember somebody loves you.

Also note that that the characters in the story are 18 and up.

Throwawaytrashpig

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The journey back to Zaille was thankfully peaceful. Elise had no qualms with travelling out in daylight despite rumours regarding her species saying otherwise.

"Honestly, I have not the slightest on who created the preposterous idea that driders are creatures of the night. We might have dark fur but that does not mean we exist exclusively in the shadow." Her words ended with a humph.

"Well you did do the whole, I'm going to be as silent as possible and scare the living day lights out of us thing. I'm pretty sure that's got something to say about your preferences." 

Lily replied sharply. Judging from her colour (which incidentally had taken on her dark purple but was mixing slightly with a forest green and a maroon-ish red), she was feeling angry and jealous. Since we had met Elise she had done nothing but glare at her and look slightly betrayed when we exchanged glances. 

I personally had no clue what was going on. While I was adept at summoning magics and was known for being well read amongst other summoners, my own magic was something I had yet to fully understand. Magic was a fickle thing like that. Just when we think we have a solid understanding of what magic does and can do, it throws a curve ball that completely alters everything that we know. I'm one such curve ball.

Before me, summoning magics had a very concrete identity. Alongside most other mages in different fields that have been identified, a summoner typically manifested their magic at the age of 5. While their magic wouldn't be significant enough to cast even the most basic spells that all mages are equipped with, they could clearly manipulate arcane energies, albeit weakly. As they grew, their grasp of magic become more refined up until puberty. Puberty in mages was the point where a mage would start to learn which profession they were most suitable for. There were mages who were skilled in healing, battling, protecting, manipulating the elements, and summoning. You would then enter an academy where you and your magic was tested to see where you stood amongst other mages.

In the summoning academy, we were made aware of our abilities to control and manipulate the world around us through our magic. Magic was a substance like energy that existed all around us and as part of us. Any living being could create magic, but only mages could manipulate that magic to do anything with that raw energy. Summoners had a much more refined ability to control, to the extent that we could bond other creatures and indeed other humans and mages for our use. We did have the mundane ability to bond physical objects to our will but both of those bonding's were tied to how much mana we had. Mana, or the magic pool that we have access to, did increase by small increments every day but had much more potent increases during puberty. Once you bonded to something, your mana pool significantly dropped based in proportion to how much magic the universe deems is worth. 

For this reason, alongside the other party requiring consent, summoners all learned the contract deal. When we found a person or a thing that we wished to bond to, we initiated the contract. We would first analyze the other party and determine how much mana it was required to contract them. After this both parties would start to compromise on terms and duration of the contract. Once all terms were agreed with, the summoner would place their mark on the summon usually in a place that the summon chooses. With objects the concept was the same, without the agreeing of terms due to the objects not being able to reject the summoning. It is important to note that both the summoner and a living summon must both be of a reasonable mind and whenever a summon occur, both parties will be placed in a state of no influence just to make sure that a summon isn't taken against their will.

As I said previously, I was a curve ball to what was previously known to summoning magic. In retrospect, curve ball is not the best way to describe what I was. I was and have continued to be an anomaly, an exception to known observations. When I was born, the healers on hand and the midwife had all noticed that I had been gathering magic almost immediately. By the time I was 5, my mana pool size and grasp of the arcane rivaled mages who were already in their 3rd of the 5 years that they spent in the academy. Despite the large amount of prowess that I displayed, my parents were in constant debates with mages to let me have an ordinary childhood. Word had gotten around in the magic community that a child had reached a level that had previously never been seen before. Many facilities had wanted to examine me for abnormal magic potential and see if they could somehow replicate the results. 

My parents were for the most part successful in fending off those "scholars" and their attempts to research me. I still lived a normal life amongst other kids and adolescents and proceeded to obtain a fairly "normal" childhood. Despite my parents fears that I would be ostracized by my magic, I had managed to make friends with those my age and some mages at nearby academies. Despite my parent's best efforts, many of the scholars had left a lasting imprint on my childhood, namely in the form of magic books. My room was littered with different books that taught everything from healing magics to transformation magics and everything in between. I had learned of the different magic subjects from these books including summoning. Despite my current profession and role, as a child summoning scared me. I had feared being able to control someone so easily by just contracting them. I did not like the thought of controlling someone to make them do what you want. While the summoner contract was in place to avoid this kind of behavior, I had read in some of the more advanced text books that once you were contracted if you had more magic you could force someone to do what you wanted by forcing your magic into them, but those cases were dealt with severely. 

Puberty was chaotic to say the least. While some other mages of the same age had gone through what they described as an awakening of their abilities, puberty was a time that changed the very fabric of magic for me. As my body transitioned into womanhood, my magic started to show me what I could do. I started seeing not just the person or the thing, but the mana of that individual. I had assumed just from my own personal distaste of the controlling arts that seeing the magic of others was either my magic shaping me into becoming a sensor or a healer. I had hoped that it was sensing and healing that were my traits, the idea of being a battle mage never appealed to me despite the potential that many mages saw in me. The idea of hurting others using my abilities was never appealing to me. If I controlled them, I could at least make them feel good whereas with a combat oriented magic, I would be forced to hurt and potentially kill. 

As I matured, the idea of hurting and controlling others never gained appeal. I would only use violence in a scenario where it was a last resort. As for summoning, that had and will always be an iffy subject for me. I could understand the idea and in truth there were many whom benefitted from summoning and being a summoner and I grew to accept the trade. I tried limiting my own summoning to as little as possible, but just as the sun and moon dance tireless in the sky, a summoner must summon. 

My aversion to creating contracts had of course been a critical issue during my time at the academy. What good was a summoner who did not want to summon anything? To compound my issue, I had started to notice that both people and creatures were following me. During one of the many field excursions to find and befriend something to bond with, my teachers at the time had to quickly pull me away from the forest that we had been visiting due to many of the deadly forest denizens appearing and taking a liking to me. 

Compared to the people however, I would have preferred the forest creatures any day of the week. It seemed as if many individuals both male and female had become smitten with me. My appreciation for the female form had caused conflictions with the males as they simply did not appeal to me. The overall affect of the attention caused me to withdraw from interactions between others and become more solitary. I had made a few companions during the time, including my dorm mate Michelle. My first and up till today only summon had started with a stressful studying session with her. I had coasted through the years at school by demolishing the written portions and explaining my circumstances to the teachers. They were peeved but begrudgingly accepted my reasoning. I was told however that I would have to summon something to pass my final exams.

"I'm surprised that you still haven't dated anyone! C'mon girl the boys go crazy over you!" Michelle like many others were in the dark about my sexuality. I personally kept it that way to avoid any confrontations. 

"Michelle, could you please not change the topic? I'm currently stressing out about the exams soon, I do not need to worry about a potential significant other right now."

I had seen the same face that she currently touted multiple times. A face of bewilderment and a hint of disappointment. While in the context of Michelle it was mostly my attitude towards dating and exams. Everyone else, especially professors, viewed my issue as confounding. Here was one of the most powerful mages in some time physically and mentally limiting herself for no apparent reason. My explanation unsurprisingly fell on deaf ears.

"Just summon something! The answer is literally so simple. You've aced every test up until this. Stop being so self-righteous and just do it. Besides most summons like it. Makes them feel important." I had heard these points before, even tried to justifying summoning beforehand but the points in my mind lost their meaning. I tried to defend myself but I knew that anything I said would be weak. Frustrated both with my dorm mate and my own predicament, the night air seemed like a refreshing way calm down.

It wasn't entirely uncommon for our arguments to end with me leaving. I can honestly attest that Michelle may have been one of the biggest reasons that I can hold my own in verbal confrontations if only for our daily discussions. The heavy oak door that separated our room from the rest of the academy swung open violently and slammed itself closed when I left. The academy wasn't too confusing to navigate compared to other academies. I had heard of some academies where the stair cases moved while you were trying to get from floor to floor. Other's I had heard of rooms where chamber pots and mirrors magically appeared and disappeared at random. Regardless, my goal in this academy was to get into the midnight air and figure out a solution to my conundrum.

Upon reflection, I should have noticed how quick the argument ended and how I managed to find myself outside without thinking it. At the time, I must have just assumed that muscle memory was doing the work, up until the point where the academies brick walls had turned themselves into the great oaks of the adjacent forest. The forest was a frequent destination of students and teachers alike as denizens of the forest were accustomed to summoning. At night time, the trees and natural scenery provided an excellent backdrop for studying and practicing. The entire forest was within the jurisdiction of the school, allowing teachers and students alike the luxury of using the leafy alcove as a practice ground. 

Sounds of chittering and rustling of trees snapped me out of my miseries as the idea of being injured or killed by creatures of the night weren't appealing. I rotated on my foot to begin my journey back into the school and away from the macabre. As expected of my life, I had no such luck. Not 10 steps away I was yanked away from the trail and forced to the ground. My foot had been ensnared by a vine and was leading me deeper into the forests. I opened my mouth to shriek when a separate vine had appeared and secreted a fluid onto my skin. I was instantly silenced by the paste and realized with a shock that it was a constricting plant. They were used by the school to teach summoners about the benefits of summoning, being able to get your contracted summon or yourself out of a sticky situation.

Guess who doesn't have a summon and has two thumbs. This "self-righteous" mage who just got herself into a bit of a bind. I was racking my brain to figure out a way out, what did I learn in class? The vines don't start constricting unless you start fighting back. When you start fighting back, the fluid will numb you further and signals the plant to start constricting. I can't cast any of my magic to burn them and the paste is keeping me from shimmying my way out. On the plus side, the only thing the plant will do to me is keep me as a trophy. You would have assumed that the plant would use me to breed or eat me but magic plant. It had clear priorities; trophy wife first, everything else second. 

The worst-case scenario was having to wait for a teacher on patrol, the best scenario was someone coming to save me and fixing my summoning issue. I suppose I got lucky that day. While I was being dragged across the ground towards the base of the plant, I noticed something started to approach my prone form. In the darkness, I couldn't make out what it was, but I assumed that it was some form of slime due to the blob shape. Slimes weren't aggressive creatures so I assumed that it would serve as a good distraction to get free. To my surprise my magic started to reach out towards it, almost drawing it into me and me into it. This is bad, if I was starting to draw it in through magic alone then I might start getting protective of it. If I got protective I would start trying to protect, I would start to fight back and become even more entangled. If that happened, there would be no way for me to escape even if the slime gave me an opening. 

"Don't worry mistress, I'll save you"

The voice was bubbly, full of affection and warmth. I hadn't heard that voice on campus before. I was starting to think that the fluid was affecting my brain and causing me to hallucinate. It wasn't uncommon for the victims of the plant to be slightly rattled afterwards (any novice magicians pride is shattered after an encounter with something deemed less intelligent, especially after the power high of your first summoning and magic puberty). A little mind screw isn't that far fetched at that point. 

"It's okay mistress, I can understand if you're rendered speechless by my charms. I'll get you out of the plants grasp soon!"

I couldn't see anyone that would be able to save me. I must have been hallucinating. It's not that the hallucination isn't unpleasant, in fact people getting addicted to the paste is surprisingly common. So far, I've only heard weird things so maybe the paste wasn't doing its job. My contemplations were interrupted when I felt something warm on my leg. I instinctively craned my head to look down at whatever was currently attached to my leg. Bad move. A flower bud reached towards my face and spewed a cloud of pollen, allowing the chemicals to get into my respiration system. 

The next moments felt surreal for me. The warmth on my legs started creeping upwards as my brain started shutting down. My taut limbs started to slack and I feel further into what was starting to feel like the worlds weirdest tug of war. The warmth eventually started getting ground as it had quickly gotten up towards my midsection and continued its crusade of my body. This warmth was odd, it had the intensity of a fire raging against a winter night but it felt subdued, almost like the last goodbyes of spring as it transitioned into summer. The warmth started to caress my face passionately as the vines that held me receded. 

"It's alright mistress I got you!"

I was being cradled to the ground by the warmth. I snuggled into it just wanting to fall asleep and be done with the day. The warmth felt comforting and was caressing me, each ministration felt like a passionate hug. My knees were brought towards my stomach as I was rolled towards onto my side. 

"Are you tired mistress? We can go back to your room if you wish."

The bubbly voice from before was back reverberating inside of me. My eyelids drooped closed as I accepted the sensations around me. My dreams that night were filled with a girl with purple hair. Girl wasn't doing her justice. She was a veritable goddess, her hair cascading Lady Godiva style down to her waist. Her proportions were breathtaking and on full display as she sauntered towards me. Each step was accompanied by a swap of her hip and her firm boobs bouncing. She was sex and lust wrapped into a curvaceous form that screamed unobtainable. Once she finally met me face to face she simply smirked and brought her hand to my face before leaning in and conquering my lips as her own. If her form wasn't enough to make anyone aroused her kiss practically ignited a fire down below. Before I could say or do anything in response, she pulled away and looked deep into my eyes as she spoke. 

"Mistress as much as I love this, it doesn't feel right."

The bubbly voice from before! 

"Wait a second. Did you save me from the plant? Who are you? Where are we? Wha-"?

I was silenced by another deep kiss. 

"Mistress as much as I want to answer your questions, I can't tell you anything unless we bond. Then I can tell you the whole story."

"Bonding? You want me to be your contracted summon? I mean sure but-"

"No Mistress, I want to be your summon for as long as possible." Even in my dream state I was taken aback. This goddess wanted to be my summon? It explained the mistress thing but I hadn't contracted her yet. 

"Why are you calling me mistress if I haven't contracted you yet."

"Because Mistress suits you. Now could you please perform the contract. I've been waiting a very long time for you."

"If you've been waiting for a long time why didn't appear earlier. I've been staying in the same place for a while now."

"It took me a while to find you Mistress, but now that I'm here I'm not letting you go."

"Then how do you want to do this. I'm okay with contracting you but for how long? Is there anything you want out of this?"

"I want to stay by your side for as long as I possibly can. I have no need for anything other than your happiness."

"You're 100% sure?"

"I've never been more certain of anything."

I started the incantation that bonded the two of us together. A pulsing sphere of energy slowly came out of me alongside a similar sphere from the goddess in front of me. As the chant progressed, chains started to manifest from my soul and attaching themselves to hers. I could see bursts of energy surging through the chain from her soul. Once they reached mine, I felt a sense of devotion and affection pass through my being. I could tell that they were hers and it made me weak-kneed at the though of it. The bonding finished soon after as I slumped to the ground, basking in the energy. She rushed towards me and slid down to the ground to join me. Her face was wet with tears as she held me tenderly in her embrace.
