 She fumbled awake with the sound of the alarm. 

Pushing back the thin rough sheet she had been given, she sponged herself clean and tended to the care of her skin. She forced herself to focus enough to tend to her manicure and pedicure. 

Melody was not a morning person. 

If she had a normal, vanilla, boring life, she would have reached for coffee or a shower or some sugary pick me up to start the day.

She didn't have a normal life. 

Now she patiently waited for her Master to open the door to her kennel. 

The metallic black of her nails contrasted completely with the pale white of her skin. 

She managed a smile. 

She used to have a place of her own, a nice apartment, she supposed it was still there, but she really didn't need it anymore anyways. 

Now that she had her Master in her life, the kennel in the corner of her Master's office was all she needed. 

At first, she thought that her master was inflexible, demanding, and Melody never felt like she was up to the task. Her humiliation and degradation was systematic, in the end, a drug to her. 

She couldn't stand to be alone. 

He had explained exactly what he required of her in depth, at long length. A whore has to know her place, and the whore's place is where her better's tell her it is. Melody had no point of reference really, she didn't know what she was until he showed her her potential, her true purpose.

But that's not how she started, it's not who she used to be. 

At work, her boss was charming, and made her feel comfortable, pretty even. Pretty wasn't a feeling that came naturally to a fat girl, and at that time Melody was more than pleasantly plump. 

She worked hard to keep her weight down, with fad diets, and the latest exercise craze. She could never get herself under the 250 pounds mark. She was never comfortable with her own body, she was always too thick, and her tits just too conspicuous for a girl under five feet tall. 

She hated her belly, and the sweat that she'd feel under her heavy tits in the summer, it had been ages since she'd worn a swim suit. 

At work she'd feel someone's eyes upon her, feel their heat upon her back, cleavage, legs. Her clothes were as modest as her body would allow at first, but with his subtle attention she found it easier to let off the top buttons of the blouse, and choose the shorter skirt before heading out to work. 

She could tell he approved. 

He brought her closer into his circle in the office. He took his time about it, never talking directly to her, in fact he pretty much ignored her. Sometimes he would drop massive amounts of paper work into her inbox topped with a post-it note with a hand written unreasonable deadlines. 

Those deadlines forced her to work late into the night. 

One night in particular, she found that the bathrooms on her floor were locked at 9:30. Crossing her legs she fretted over what to do.

He was in his office.

He was always in His office. 

She knocked on his door. 

"Sir? The restrooms on this floor are locked, do you have a key?"

"No, Melody is it? I do not, but feel free to use my private bathroom."

She shivered hearing him say her name aloud.

He gestured to her right, and produced a key. 

Her short pudgy fingers closed on the key, touching his hand for the first time. She blushed, and did a ridiculous half-curtsy. 

Mentally chastising herself, she retreated to the predictably posh bathroom. His touch had seriously moved her off her center. After relieving herself and taking advantage of the bidet, her fingers lingered on her clit. 

At his desk, Melody's boss dragged a finger across the eyes of a small carved stone idol in front of his computer. The monitor feed switched, showing every detail of what was happening in the private restroom, from a floating disembodied point of view.  

He smiled at what he saw. 

Melody daydreamed about her boss for at least a hot minute, she pinched the thickness of her nipple, fought against the hang of her belly to grind her meaty fist into her clit, until a knock on the door jolted her out of the moment. 

She hastily put herself back together, opened the door and found herself looking up, face to face with him. 

She excused herself. 

She was halfway to His office door. 

"Melody."

"Yes Sir?"

"Come here. "

She stood in front of him, already nervous and shamed in her damp panties. 

"Kneel."

"What?" 

"Kneel."

Her blush rose rapidly to her skin, as he pointed to a space right in front of him. 

She knelt. 

"Remove your blouse."

She looked up at him, feeling like she had stepped back into her daydream. 

The buttons of her blouse surrendered to the fumbling of her fingers. 

"Now, the brassiere."

Melody hated the process of hooking and unhooking her bra, turning it around so she could reach the five fixtures was unflattering as it could be. Her overly large tits spilled out, hanging heavily down, the fight with gravity lost when she turned 16.

Topless, her soft tits marked from their confinement and undulating as she breathed, she knelt in front of her boss. Her eyes locked on shoes that cost half her rent. 

"Why are you here so late?"

"The work..."

"No."

Her nipples got hard as she realized how close she was to his cock. 

"The deadlines..."

"No."

Her six inch areola contracted as her nipples started to swell. 

"My job..."

The sound of his zipper slowly coming down cut off any sounds that might be making their way out of her mouth. 

Her mouth watered at the sight of his cock in front of her. 

Her hands reached for him, and she engulfed his cock in her mouth. 

"Your job is to suck cock on your knees, half dressed, a whore in heat."

She rolled her tongue over the apple of his cock head, she pulled her mouth from his cock. 

"No sir."

"No little cunt, that wasn't a question, that is your new job description."

"oh! Thank you, sir."

"Get back to work."

Melody took the thickness of him back into her mouth, throating him with talent and determination, His stamina apparent from the start. She cupped his balls, looking up at him. She had wanted him so bad and she had no idea that this could happen. Nothing like this ever happened to the fat girl.

He spat in her face. 

Yes. This was more in line with what she expected. 

She breathed in sharply and exhaled slowly, Melody relaxed and slid the length of his fat cock back into her throat. 

His saliva impacted her forehead, and started to slide across her eyebrow. 

No one had done anything like that to her since high school. 

Mortified, her pussy clenched, and the room flooded with her scent. His cock hardened, and as his ejaculate came she concentrated on his nob, keeping his cum in her mouth until he finished, his saliva slid down the side of her cheek. 

"Swallow."

He ran his fingers up and down her neck. 

The smile that touched the corners of her mouth as she swallowed his cum around his cock, was genuine and irrepressible. The ache in her feet and legs barely registered while in her day dreamy state. She nuzzled her cheek against his dick, grinding her face into his scent. 

"It's called subspace. This place in your head that you seem to be enjoying. It's a place where people like yourself bliss out after giving service or receiving discipline."

He patted the unruly waves of her fine hair, unpinning the business hairdo and letting it fall to her shoulders. 

"I have no need or room in my life for a silly submissive."

She looked up into his eyes. Her sudden disappointment threatening to spill tears... 

"I'm looking, Melody, for a proper full-time whore."

He pulled her up off her knees by the hair at the back of her head. 

She staggered up, as he moved her to His desk. His open hand landed on her ample ass with a pop that echoed throughout the empty office. 

"Do you think you can be a proper full-time whore?" 

Her mouth gaped open, holding her breath after the smack on her ass. Her toes curled as he bent her over onto the surface covered with his personal possessions. He pinched the zipper on her skirt, dropping it to the floor. 

"I require nothing less than a total commitment."

Her sizable ass, in all its glory, showed the redness of his hand quite clearly around the edges of her bikini panties. 

"Everything you are will belong to me. You will get paid. Whores earn money. Whores earn me money, but the direction of your life turns on my whim. "

She bit the fullness of her lower lip, looking at his photographs, his family. Her pussy gushed as his hand landed solidly on the other ass cheek, she mashed her tits into the paperwork. 

"This... cunt is nice and wet."

His hand eased it's way between her nether lips.

She moaned. 

"That's right. Ladies have pussies. Whores have cunts. You should know that as a difference now."

The flick of a knife opening behind her, drew her back to reality. The blade sliding under the fabric on her bottom focused her attention. 

As the ruined underwear dropped between her feet, the last of Melody's resistance fell with it. She felt the cold office air blow across her... cunt and asshole. 

"Do you know what it means to be owned?" 

She felt the thick knob of his cock between her legs, both of his hands hooked around her hips. 

"Do you want to be owned?"

His cock pushed into her for the first time, just an inch. 

"I..."

His cock slowly slipped its way into the depths of her, his pelvis resting on her ass. 

"I... "

He rimmed her asshole with his thumb.

"I want..." 

"Yes?"

His hardness was still inside her, he held her still, his cock lay against her spot. Moving impossibly slowly within her, it made her fuck all crazy, while he massaged her asshole. 

"I want you to fuck me! Oh God, I want you to fuck me! Please fuck me!"

Her tears landed on the paperwork she had carefully turned in the night before. 

His hips moved, unleashing a riot of sensation within her. 

He lay a page of parchment next to her right hand. Then he produced an old fashioned ink pen. 

He jabbed the nib into the flesh above the nipple of her right breast. A bright red drop of blood welled up around the point, and was pulled up into the pen. 

"I don't care to fuck what I don't own. Make a choice. Sign yourself over to me, or not. It won't change what you are."

The contract read:

I, the undersigned whore, do give my unworthy body and soul to my new Master. 

I will submit myself completely to his guidance, trusting his judgement, and command. I do this knowing this arrangement was inevitable, and my Master's guidance prevents me from falling into an abusive relationship, where my natural tendency towards submission might cause me harm. 

My Master retains the right to alter my unworthy body as he deems necessary to suit his purpose and fulfill my potential as my Master's whore. 

I do this without reservation and with the last act of my free will. 

This unworthy whore, X:_______

As her eyes focused and unfocused on the document, he placed the pen, inked with her own blood in her short fingers. 

His cock shifted inside her... cunt. 

Whores have cunts. 

She knew that now.

As she signed out her full name on the line, she felt something pass through her, a tension, or stress, seems to pass out of her.

As he started to fuck her, tangling his hands in her hair, his left hand gripping hard on her hip, her first orgasm snuck up on her before she knew it was coming. 

Every time she orgasmed, that dreamy blissful feeling of relaxation swept through her fat little body. 

In all her forty years she had never cum like this, so freely, so easily. 

"I'm yours, I'm yours."

She repeated over and over while he fucked her from behind. 

She looked up at the sound of glass splintering, a photo pushed off the desk. 

"Yes, you are."

That's how it started. Melody's boss became her owner. 

The contract, signed in her own blood, disappeared into her Master's office safe. It took its place next to other papers of the same quality and age. 

Melody was not alone.