 Melody was the whore of a married man. 

The taste of his cum was still in her mouth, it was threatening to run down her legs on the subway ride home. She couldn't sit, since it was so obvious she had no underwear. 

She was in shock, this was something she thought she'd never do. 

I am the whore of a married man. 

The thought reverberated in her mind since she signed her name in blood. Those words would pull her out of a sound sleep. 

What had she done? 

He didn't even pretend to be single, he practically shoved her face into photographs of his family while he fucked her. 

Melody was well fucked. 

Her body was tired, and it was late. It was the time of day that a woman alone on the train would not have to go looking for trouble, it would just find her. 

The world seemed more vacant. The train car was empty, save for herself and a sleeping homeless man in the other corner. She hadn't come across another soul since she left work. 

She hadn't felt alive since she left the presence of her Master. 

His cum had dribbled down between her thighs. 

She scooped two fingers worth into her mouth. 

There. There it was. 

His cum was her life. 

The door at the other end of the train opened, spilling street punks into the compartment.

"Oh shit."

She said to herself, her hand mid scoop into her cunt searching for more cum, cum that was smeared on her lips and chin. 

"Hello fatty! Look boys, fatty here is priming herself up for us."

The three men encircled her as the train rocked between stations. 

"A fat fuck wouldn't be my first choice, but any cunt in a storm, eh fellas?"

The laughter of the other two was slow and full of bass. The tall one slapped her hard on her ass, the short fat one pulled her arms back around a pole. Their leader leaned in to smell Melody's tits, and then ripped her blouse open exposing them to the world. 

"Look at the size of those tits boys!"

"Dude! She got a mark!"

The short fat punk released Melody like he'd been scalded. She tumbled forward into the bench seats of the train. 

Melody was ready to fuck. She wanted to fuck. She tried to unzip the nearest punk who then flinched away from her. 

He looked her in the face. 

"You tell your Master we didn't know you were marked."

They left as fast as they appeared. 

Marked? 

She lay there on the seats until the train hit the next station. It wasn't her stop, but for modesty's sake she'd try to pick herself up. 

How was she marked, and why did they leave her alone? 

Her blouse was ruined, and so was her bra, her right breast hung bare. There was little she could do to cover herself. It was obvious she'd been assaulted. 

She mustered up the dignity she had left, to leave the train and enter the station. As late as it was, there should be people Melody would have to walk passed on the way home. As luck would have it, the subway station was empty save for a pair of police officers. 

Melody approached them. 

"Help me, please help me."

Neither cop appeared to hear or even notice her standing there. 

"I was attacked... On the train."

Again, no response. Until the second cop turned and looked right at her. 

"You must be new to this, so I'll explain it to you. Good cop, bad cop."

He gestured to his partner then himself. 

"you have a mark, so good people..."

He waved his hand in front of his partners face. 

"not going to notice, not that they would really care anyways."

He brought his nightstick first to her exposed tit, then hooked it into her cunt. 

"If not for your little mark, I'd be fucking your fat little ass right up against the wall right now. So why don't you hurry on home now, some of the creatures of the night aren't as respectful as I am."

Then she saw it. 

In the reflection of herself behind the cop, a birthmark above her right nipple. 

A birthmark she had never had before. 

A birthmark right where her Master drew the blood to fill the pen she used to sign the contract. 

Not a mark, a symbol. 

A symbol the color of blood. 

She ran the rest of the way home. Locked her doors, and tore her ruined clothes off. She wasn't afraid, she was aroused. In fact, through the whole ordeal, all she wanted to do was fuck and please every person she'd come across that night. 

Her heart banged in her chest, her cunt throbbed. 

In the mirror, she saw the mark more clearly. She clawed at her clit, and twisted her nipples brutally, she had to sate the lust that exploded within her. 

It wasn't enough. 

Melody fled to her bedroom, fixating on the bed. 

She positioned her cunt over the wooden bedpost embellishment, before fucking herself violently. 

"Yes Master! Fuck your whore Master! Take me, use me. Fuck me!"

The bed shook and rattled, she was sure someone would complain. Someone always complained. 

No one did. 

Melody fucked herself to sleep and woke up the next morning with the bed knob still lodged inside her cunt. Her cum was everywhere, and yet nothing had satisfied her. 

Her empty apartment, that had once been her happiest place seemed drab and lifeless. 

How had she become a non-person? 

She dressed for work, picking her sluttiest clothes. 

They weren't good enough now. 

She took a detour on her way to work, stopping at stripper shops and S&M stores. Like everywhere else, most of the people failed to notice her. The ones that did, gave her a nod, or hurried around her. 

She picked through the meager amounts of clothes in her sizes setting on bags of loot and toys that fit her new disposition, only to find that no one noticed her when she tried to pay. 

"Hey! "

She yelled at the clerk, who was pocket jerking to the porn playing in the monitor. 

"Just take it."

A second clerk stood behind Melody. 

She was thin, waifishly so. She pulled her tank top down to expose her bra less right tit, and the mark upon it, and winked at her from behind smoky eye makeup. 

The clerk popped the security tabs off the clothes and gear, and dropped the security tool in the bag as well. 

"You'll need that. I'm Erika. Come back and visit, if you can't manage to satisfy the cravings. Don't be late. "

"Thank you."

Melody said, completely aware of how bizarre her circumstances were. 

She stole some hooker shoes she would have never otherwise worn. Looking at the time, she stole a scooter right out of the dealership because she liked the saddle bags and was going to be late to work. 

Dressed in a fetishy school girl outfit, confident that no one could see her, she sped down the street and parked her scooter right in the lobby of the building.

"ma'am, you really ought to park that in the garage."

Melody jumped as the security guard scared the daylights out of her. A security guard with a birthmark on his temple. 

"I'll move it for you today. Don't be late."

He said nothing about the way she was dressed. He didn't even look at her twice.

How many people in the building could see her? 

The elevator, although crowded, she went unnoticed, and the hallways she went unchallenged. 

Her workstation was gone. 

In her place sat a young thin blond girl with smart modern eyeglasses and a short pencil skirt that showed off the seam on the back of her stockings. 

"You're sitting in my station. Hello?"

"She can't hear you, Melody, not yet anyways."

Her smiling boss was standing behind her, he moved without a sound, and yet he was still the least eerie thing about her day. 

The color and sound, smells and textures came flooding back into her world. She was back in the presence of her Master. 

"I suppose you have a few questions for me regarding what has happened to you since last night. Feel free to ask me, while we walk. Hold still."

Deftly he adjusted her clothes, opening the buttons of her blouse, he put her tits on display. From his coat he produced a dogs collar and leash. He fit it around her neck, the black leather had a brand that matched the mark on her skin.

He clipped the leash to her collar, casually looping the leather over his wrist. He turned and walked. Melody had to trot to keep up with his long relaxed strides. 

"Let me think," he said, "why can't everyone see me anymore? Well the answer is simple, you already were invisible to a great many people. Now that you have been made aware, the effect is just that more pronounced. Why do the people that do see me, see me? Well simple, those people are aware as well."

He turned to her, stopping in front of a boardroom full of people, he kicked apart her feet, reaching down to finger her bare cunt.

"What is awareness? Well that is a little complicated. You are contractually aware, in selling your soul to me, you have bound yourself to me and my world for all eternity. The benefits are awareness, long life and health. The downside is, I am your world. I hold your soul. The further you are from me, you might have noticed, the less alive the world is. So stay close!"

His smile was beautiful. 

His smile was terrifying. 

"Other aware people will see your mark, and know you are owned. They should leave you alone."

He walked into the boardroom, with Melody close behind. 

"Thank you all, please excuse my tardiness, it was a staffing matter." He paused, "Melody take your place under the table." 

She ducked her head under the head of the table in front of her boss, between the feet of more than a few of the board members were girls and at least one man, collared and sucking cock. 

Melody turned as her Master sat down, His chair was modified to provide him comfort and her access as she unbuckled him and drew out the length of his cock. 

The meeting above her forgotten, she worked his dick and balls, teasing his nut, allowing it to rise and fall. He gave her direction with his left hand turned in her hair. 

She teased his piss hole with her tongue, and was able to engulf both his balls in her mouth. She felt them throb with his pulse, as she switched back to his cock. He filled her with his spunk, which she swallowed when he tapped her forehead, OK. 

Not knowing what else to do, she nursed from his cock, and listened to the meeting.

The company bought and sold commodities.

Commodities which included, it seemed, human souls. 

Her Master grabbed Melody by the collar and held her tight to His crotch, holding his thickening dick to the entrance of her throat. 

His other hand reached for and held her nose shut. 

He started to piss down her throat, and she had no choice but to swallow. He had turned her into a human urinal. 

Her tears flowed down her cheeks, but she kept her mouth sealed to his dick, lest the piss splash on the rug, or herself, or worse, her Master. 

When he was finished, he released her nose, and allowed her to keep sucking. He unclipped her leash. 

A red light under the table caught her attention. 

The other whores under the table moved one light to the right. 

"Move!" a tiny raven haired pixie, who was completely naked except for a collar and knee pads hissed in Melody's direction. 

Melody fumbled to her right, stopping at the knees of a woman in a short leather skirt. The woman clipped a leash to Melody's collar. 

The light under the table turned green. 

Melody hesitated, and was rewarded with a cinching of her collar, choking her until she dove tongue first into the waiting pussy. 

Above the glistening clit was a mark that matched her's. 

What the hell did it all mean? 

She'd hadn't eaten pussy in a good many years, and usually the favor was never returned, but Melody hadn't forgotten how. She nuzzled the Board woman's clit, and nibbled her pussy lips, choosing to build a slow orgasm. The older woman kicked off her heels, at first rubbing Melody's cunt in return. Anxious, and her own orgasm building, Melody tongue fucked the woman tripping off her orgasm. As she was cumming the older woman choked Melody with the leash, and kicked her hard, repeatedly in the cunt before slipping her feet back into her heels. 

Melody hurt with the ruined orgasm, and hurt more with the emotional turns of the day. 

The light turned red, her collar unclipped, and she moved again to her right.

A huge black dick. She sucked and swallowed. 

The light turned red, her collar unclipped, and she moved again to her right. 

An older man with half a dozen piercings through his cock. She played with his flaccid member as if she was reading braille with her tongue. 

The light turned red, her collar unclipped, and she moved again to her right. 

A young woman who only chose to kick Melody in the tits and belly with her sharply pointed Italian leather shoes. 

The meeting adjourned and the whores stayed clipped under the table. 

"Hey, new girl-" the pixie hissed trying to get her attention. The dark haired girl had her make-up smeared, and cum in her left eye. "How did you manage to work for the chairman?" 

"He was my boss..."

"He's everybody's boss."

"I signed the paper..."

"Everyone signs the paper. Are you stupid, or is this your first day?" Melody hung her head, holding her arms to the fresh bruises that were just starting to show. "holy shit. It is your first day. I'm sorry. My name is Gwyneth."

The other whores spoke up. 

"John."

"Brittany."

"Paula."

"Maria Marta." 

"Sinthia."

"She calls me cunt." A small chubby blond on the end. 

"They'll come for us soon, stay quiet and we'll be collected soon. Sorry for the rough first day."

The urine in her stomach mixed with all the seven, left her churning and unsettled. Twice during the kicking Melody had almost vomited. 

One by one, the Masters retrieved their whores from beneath the table. 

Only Melody and Gwyneth were left under the table. 

"I really am sorry for being a dick, I just don't want to be punished for being slow to service, especially to service the chairman."

"I didn't know we were supposed to switch places. He hasn't told me much."

"Come Gwyneth," 

The crisp cold voice of the woman that kicked the crap out of Melody sounded above. 

"Quickly - I'll never know why he allows those obese cunts in his presence, much less his bed. Do not talk with her again."

Melody was alone under the table for at least ten minutes. Her tears flowed silently. It had been a rough morning.