 Melody throated Gwyneth's girl-cock with ease, and wondered if there would be cum when the orgasm came. Her hands quickly found Gwen's ass, and when Gwyneth lifted her slim leg over to rest on Mel's shoulder, she pushed her fingers into the ring of Gwen's ass with ease. Gwen responded by pushing her clitty further down Mel's throat, and growing harder still. 

Melody wondered about Gwyneth's Mistress, about the things Gwen said, how her Mistress takes her like a boy. Mel pushed her four thick short fingers further into Gwen's ass, stretching her ring wide. 

People passed them in the hallway, the unaware zombies -souls intact- instinctively moved around them, while their soulless peers simply ignored the scene as part of every day normal life. A fat girl going down on a boyish girl with a clit-cock was nothing new. 

It was new to Melody. 

She slipped her thumb into Gwen's asshole. 

"Oh Fuck!"

Melody imagined Gwyneth's Mistress taking Gwen to task by reaming out her tight little asshole with a bloated throbbing clitty-cock, her own cunt dripped onto the hallway carpet. Melody fisted Gwen in time to the picture in her imagination. 

Sweat rolled down the tiny swells of Gwyneth's chest, as she panted under the combined manipulations of Melody's mouth and fist. 

"I'm gonna fucking aaaaaAhh!"

The girl cum that firehouse into Mel's mouth from Gwen's throbbing girl-cock was the sweetest tasting cum that Melody had ever had. 

She nursed the source until Gwyneth's clit returned to it's previous shape and disposition, and Gwen was laying on the carpet running her fingers through Melody's wavy hair. 

In Mel's mind, the hot cum radiated throughout her body. The image comforted her, she saw it as light spreading from her belly through her fingers and toes. She smiled as she nursed Gwen's now normal sized clit. 

Slowly the picture in her mind changed, the light drawing back, swirling spinning around the void spot that used to hold her soul and focusing into her newly planted seed. 

On her hands and knees, shocks and spasms shook her frame, like an orgasm but different, Mel released her hold on Gwyneth. 

"No. This is too fast. "

Gwyneth wiggled out from under Melody, and sprinted down the hall. 

"Help us! Help us! Her seed is sprouting early! She needs help!" 

All traffic in the hall stopped, and the hum of business turned in Melody's direction. 

"This way, help her!"

Men lined up in both directions of the hallway. The stroked their cocks hard and waited. 

In Melody's mind, light swirled into her lower back, the more light, the better she felt. Light came from her head and fed straight into her seed. 

In the hallway, she pulled a train for the entire office floor. Her ass gaped and her mouth had stretched around at least half a dozen cock already, her jet black eyes gave no sign that she was aware of the world around her. 

"Keep feeding her!"

Gwen lay her hands on the now hot spot at the base of Melody's spine. She produced a cellphone from nowhere, and made a call. 

"Chairman's desk please, priority note: His new property, yes the fat whore, is experiencing a rapid seed growth on the 10th floor. I am taking measures to support the seed, but have done so without proper authorization. I was charged with the orientation of his property. Yes. Please notify the chairman."

She waved the phone away into nothingness. 

"Thank hell. This operation has received sanction, keep fucking people!"

Under her fingers, Gwyneth gently coaxed the seed into growth. She slid her lips around its base, she inhaled the smell of sex and allowed the seed to grow into her mouth. I'm returning the favor, she thought. 

Men and some seed endowed women, continued to feed Melody, whose insides would surely have ruptured by now in any normal circumstances. Not a drop was wasted. 

A disappointed man endowed with two large phallises complained about the dragon's head lock on Mel's cunt. The large man face fucking Melody laughed at him. Slowly he pushed both his cocks, inches away from Gwyneth's face into Melody's ass.

Her only response was to deepen the arch of her back. Mel's belly and tits rested on the carpet, and without loosing her lip lock on the seed, Gwen straddled Melody's back. 

The growth of the seed continued, Gwyneth could feel it push down her throat now, thickening then growing, she could feel the articulation and muscle in it as it ran passed her lips and tongue. She fucked her mouth with it, and it filled her stomach, coiling within her. 

This next man was the end of the line.

The chairman. 

He leaned over, speaking directly to Gwyneth. 

"Your quick thinking saved the harvest of her seed, and secured my investment in this whore. I appreciate what you have done here. I will be reviewing your contract with Evelyn when I am through here. I take it the seed has grown within you? Blink once or twice."

Gwyneth blinked once. 

"Stay as you are, and I shall bring the harvest to a close."

He undressed. 

Each piece of clothing was folded neatly and held by the silent personal assistant at his side. 

The chairman's cock was beautiful. 

Thick and corded with veins, it stood at a high angle relative to the defined structure of his abs. 

Is this was what happens to a human being when they own who knows how many souls? What kind of contract does he have, or does anyone or thing own his soul? 

Gwyneth faced his cock as he mounted Melody. Dozens of cocks had fed the seed in the last 20 minutes, but this one was it's Master. The dragon's head seal on Melody's cunt opened, it's wings retreating back into the substance of a tattoo. As her Master's cock entered Melody's cunt, Melody's awareness returned. His cock inside her forged a direct connection back to her soul and only then could she enjoy her existence fully. 

Her orgasm built throughout her entire lower body, and the memories of her previous mental state grew harder to hold on to as her pleasures grew. 

Gwen was above her, riding her grinding on her back. Her mouth, her lips were upon her, sucking, suckling on something on her back at her tailbone. 

If being fucked by her Master was not enough, Gwyneth's tender ministrations were sending her straight over the top.

Her entire body wanted to explode. She knelt poised on the edge of her orgasm. Her body waited, her dragon's head ornamentation bit down on her clit. 

Gwyneth ground her clit to orgasm, Melody felt her body spam and relax. She closed her eyes as her erect nipples burned on the carpet. 

Every fiber of her being was ready to cum, but she couldn't, her ass felt bruised, gaped and she doubted she could utter a whisper for the ragged treatment of her throat. 

"Please..."

She hissed. 

She couldn't see her Master, but she knew it was him, his hands knuckled on her substantial hips. Her belly was rug burned, so were her tits, Melody couldn't recall how she got here, when her Master arrived or why she felt so extraordinarily strange. 

Her Master plowed her with no restraint, the rug she had found so pleasurable to walk upon continued to burn her tits, and belly. 

Her Master reached down between her legs, grasped her clit and pulled, while pushing his thumb in her battered asshole. 

She felt the hot shaft of her Master's cock explode into her belly, and as if suddenly she was allowed to cum, her orgasm rolled through her body. She clenched around his cock, drenching it in her juices, she felt herself ejaculate on the floor from her clit, and at the same time into Gwen's belly. 

Impossibly she knew all of these things were true at the same time. 

Her Master's cum filled her, she closed her thighs on her clit, and listened to Gwyneth moan. 

Exhausted, Melody fell on her face, and was shoved forward and back to the rhythm of her Master's thrusts. 

Finished, he stood above the two women. 

His personal assistant knelt, tongued his cock clean and dry then presented him with his clothes. 

He dressed as he spoke. 

"Thank you again, Gwyneth. Continue to care for my property. Given your part in her seeds awakening your names will be written in each other's contracts. As sister whores, you will never be ordered separated again."

The chairman slipped back into his shoes. 

"I will be purchasing your contract from your Mistress. Bathe Melody and tend to her injuries, I'm sure she will have questions and need to adjust. You have authorization to do as you need."

He walked down the hall towards his office. 

Gwyneth braced her hands against Melody's ample ass, and pushed away trying to extract the seed from down her throat. 

The seed started to flex as Gwen tried to extract it. All of her her gag reflex training failed with a mass all the way into her stomach, and she wretched. Semen dripped from her nose, the cum lubricating the seed as she gave birth to Melody's three and a half foot long articulated cock ended tail. 

She continued to vomit cum all over Melody. 

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry Mel."

She vaulted off of Melody's back. 

Melody picked up her face from the floor. Her mind adrift again in subspace. 

"Stand up, Mel."

Slowly, she stood, balancing with purposeful undulations of her new tail. 

Gwyneth admired the seed.

"It's fantastic Melody, it's... Oh my hells!"

Under the hang of Melody's cum full belly was another extension of the seed, a thick erect clitty-cock still dripping cum from its first ejaculation.

"Come with me, Melody, and we'll get you cleaned up."

Gwyneth reached out, holding the new seed growth, and pulled Melody down the hall. 

Melody dripped cum from every opening on the carpet, on the tile, and on the polished floors of the recovery room. Her tail would not retract, although the erect tip did relax. Her clitty-cock stayed hard as long as Gwyneth's hand guided Melody with it. 

"Gwen?"

Melody's voice was weak and raspy from having been force-fed cock. 

"Yes Melody, I'm here."

She let go of Melody. 

"Oh! That feels, feels so, so good!"

She looked down. 

"What happened to me!" 

Her hands found her clitty-cock, and stroked. 

"Your seed sprouted early, it seems that you are quite the prodigy. A tail, a cock, and for my efforts to save you, the chairman is buying my contract. We're sister-whores now."

Gwyneth smiled hesitantly. 

"You can't get rid of me now."

"Was I in danger?" 

Gwyneth toweled off the muck from Melody's body. 

"Yes , I guess you were. The seed sprouting early could have killed you, and since it needed sex to grow, I kinda organize a hallway gangbang to keep you alive."

"That explains why my ass and throat feel like I missed a party."

She couldn't keep her hands off her new cock.

"Let's get you into a bath and then we can sort more of this out for you."

The warm tube looked inviting, steam wafting from its surface. Gwen helped Melody down the safety rail into the water. Every muscle in her body screamed at her, the tail was a nuisance, and her cock wouldn't relax. 

"It will stay erect as long as you keep playing with it."

"Oh! I'm sorry!"

She whisked her hands under the water, embarrassed. 

"Don't be sorry, it's a part of you, do what you want with it!"

"Really?"

"The only person you need to ask permission from is your master."

"Whore-sisters?"

"Our names are written in each other's contracts now, because of my participation in your seed birth."

"Thank you for saving me."

"I was really quite terrified that you would die on my watch."

"Did you get to fuck me?"

"No I was nursing your seed."

"Is that how you managed to super deep throat my tail?"

"Yes, more or less."

"Good."

"Good?"

"I'd want to remember the first time you fucked me."

"Oh! Good."

"I'm glad you feel that way."

Melody softly held Gwyneth by the elbows, and guided her to straddle Mel's hips. 

Given the width of them Gwen lost her balance and was impaled on Melody's Virgin clitty-cock with a massive splash. 

"Hells! Oh shit, so big!"

"You're so tight! Did I take your cherry?"

"No,"

She said shyly. 

"You're in my ass."

She blushed and turned. 

"I don't think that my cherry will be a worry much longer if the chairman owns me."

Melody forcefully pulled Gwen towards her by the elbows. 

"Hells!"

"He may not get the chance."

"Mel!"

Melody fucked Gwyneth with little regard for her wishes. 

When she had a soul, Melody was kind and conscientious. She never spoke out of turn, she stood quietly in the back of parties, and that was just how she was. Now that she was damned, maybe it was time to cut loose a little.

She forced Gwen's elbows back behind her back, then she forced her cock up that tight asscunt. 

Gwyneth moaned and cried out, but she never said stop. There were moments where Melody had Gwyneth's head under the water and moments when her teeth gnashed on the thickness of Gwen's nipples. There was absolutely no tenderness involved. Melody thought if I'm going to be a beast with a tail, I'm going to be a beast.

She didn't have to imagine Gwyneth's Mistress taking her like a boy, Melody was doing it herself. 

It was better than her imagination, feeling Gwen's tiny body flex and give into her will. Gwyneth's clitty-cock mashed itself between their bodies under the roll of Melody's belly. 

Melody could feel Gwen's cum against her skin, and in some distance place in her mind was disappointed she had wasted it. 

Gwen could do nothing to stop Melody. 

She was attracted to her, she wanted to be with her, but this violence was not her interest. Melody's cock was one of the largest seed gifts Gwen had ever experienced. 

"Fuck! No!"

"Fuck, yes" 

Melody responded, wrapping her hands around Gwen's throat and clit, her tail forced its way into Gwyneth's mouth. 

Melody exploded into orgasm. 

The cum flooding Gwyneth's mouth and ass, was hot and sweet, it threatened to smother her. Within the tail, undulating masses pumped this torrent of fluid through the cock tip. Gwen could not swallow fast enough, the spunk bubbled out from her nostrils, she was drowning in the fluid. 

Gwyneth passed out. 

Melody fucked her limp body until the fuck ripples in her cock and tail subsided. 

"I never thought selling my soul would help me find my life's purpose."

She wasn't moving as Melody's tail pulled from her mouth. 

She wasn't breathing as the cum absorbed into her skin. 

"I don't care who owns your soul, who does your skinny ass belong to now?"

Her eyes opened. 

"You, Mistress."

They were black as sin.