 A bright light streaked across the desert night sky. Like most shooting stars, it was a meteor. However, unlike most shooting stars, it was not just some rock that fell to Earth. It fell to the ground and landed with a crashing boom that echoed for a mile. If anyone were around, they would have heard it. Unfortunately, there was no one around. No one, that is, except for her.

Sara cursed loudly as she heard the sound. A minute before, she'd been cursing less loudly at her misfortune. Getting lost in the desert at night was not something that most people would regard as being a good idea, and even as experienced as she was at hiking, she couldn't help but feel like an idiot now. "What the fuck was I thinking?" she thought to herself. Wandering off the trail for a minute had been such a good idea when she knew where the trail was after all. The sound of the explosion didn't do much to allay her fears, but now curiosity pulled at her yet again.

Emerging from some dry brush at the edge of a crater, Sara took in the sight. It was a decent sized crater, several dozen meters wide and several deep. In the cool desert night, she could feel the heat emanating from scorch marks in the blasted dirt.

"What the hell is that?" She asked aloud.

In the center of the crater lay a metal sphere the size of a basketball. It was shiny and chrome and was still glowing from the heat of the crash, though it was clearly cooling quickly. Obviously, it wasn't any ordinary meteorite, but what the hell was it then? Some kind of satellite? Sara needed to know more.

Pulling her long blonde hair into a ponytail, Sara worked her way down into the crater, struggling to keep her boots firmly planted in the steep, loose dirt. She thanked God that her admittedly short legs were firm and toned from plenty of exercise. Finally, she reached the bottom, sliding the last few feet to the sphere. 

Sara leaned over the object, looking it over for any marks, but she couldn't find any. No "US AIR FORCE" or "NASA" or anything. Nothing gave away where this thing came from or even what it was. However, there was one square-shaped outline at the top of the thing. Sara stretched out her hand, holding it just above the area to check if it had cooled yet. Satisfied that it was, she gently touched the surface. 

"PSSSSSSHHHH!" 

A blast of warm air hit Sara in her face as pressure escaped the outline. She stumbled back, her foot hooking on a rock and tripping her over as her back hit the crater wall. The air smelled strange, but immediately she felt strange. She was obviously startled but weirdly something stirred inside her that she shouldn't have been feeling at the time. 

She felt horny. Really horny. 

And as the seconds drew on she felt even hornier. She should've been concerned about the new opening that had replaced the outline on the meteorite, like an opened hatch on a spaceship. She should've been concerned that she could hear something...slimy... inside the now open sphere. But she found herself thinking less and less about how strange it was. 

She was beginning to feel excited. 

Sara's right hand found a familiar space between her legs and immediately began groping. Her breath became quicker as her grip tightened and she quickly slipped off her backpack and used her left hand to slide down her shorts.

"Oh God... oh... oh fuck... what's happening... to me?" She muttered as she slipped her hand under her panties as she began to stroke her quickly moistening pussy. Some small part of her mind was still there, questioning why she suddenly was trying to masturbate in a crater in the desert. But a larger part of her mind was already gone, replaced by a burning desire to feel something, anything inside her. Her fingers dove into her slit over and over as she became wetter and wetter, her panties and shorts barely halfway down her pants as she sat in the dirt. But in the sphere, something was stirring that had been waiting for this perfect moment.

Slowly it emerged, poking a light purple tendril out of the sphere and into the air. It probed around for a few seconds, swinging quickly around and taking in its surroundings. Sara saw it, but rather than being scared she instead felt a surge in pleasure as the very air seemed to warm around her. She stroked her burning pussy faster as more of the creature slid out and into the night air. It looked like a slug, only about six inches long and an inch wide. As it slid out, a slimy trail followed in its wake. Sara regarded the creature for the briefest of moments. It was small... It was slimy... It was...

"Fucking hot!" Was what she found escaping from her lips in a moan. She should've pulled up her already soaked panties and shorts and taken off as fast as she could. She should've ran away and never looked back. She should have. But she didn't. The slug knew. As it slithered towards her, passing her boots and climbing onto her legs, it mused to itself with its surprising intelligence. It knew she was gone as soon as the superpheromones hit her.

As it continued up her legs past her knees, Sara could do nothing but moan now, louder and louder the further it traveled. It moved up and over her shorts, still only just past her thighs. It moved past her panties just beyond that. She stroked her pussy faster and prepared herself for what she somehow knew was coming, withdrawing her hand from canal. Her juices were dripping down her taint. Her breath was quick and hard. "Please" was all she could mutter with anticipation and eroticism in her voice.

She was ready.

The slug slowed just before it reached her pussy, poising and recoiling just before her opening. Slowly it moved around her labial folds as Sara moaned in continually increasing ecstasy. The slug moved on top of her toned stomach, with one end at her pussy and the other at her belly button. Its head raised itself before her waiting pussy and paused for a moment.

Then it dove in.

"OHHHH FUCK YESSSS!!" Sara screamed with unbelievable pleasure as the mysterious slug she'd just found slithered its way into her tight vagina. She'd had guys inside her before, but this was... perfect. It was everything she wanted. It was pure sexual bliss. The slug slid deeper and deeper, its slime mixing with her pussy juices to form a perfect lubricant. The slug was sliding in but still found difficulty reaching its destination, as this particular human was tighter than it had expected. It didn't matter. She was totally receptive, and progress was quick. Sara moaned louder and louder as she watched the slug disappear inside her. "Ugh... ugh... ugh..." was all she could mutter, totally lost in bizarre lust. Five inches of it were outside her, then four, then three, then two, then one... then it was gone. Her now slimy pussy lips closed behind it as it disappeared inside her.

She could still feel it inside her as it moved further up her body, but sensory overload was beginning to overtake her. It just felt... too good. Sara drifted off with a smile on her face as she lost consciousness. 

A few minutes passed as Sara laid in the dirt. The slimy trail up her legs and into her cunt began to cool and dry. The crater became quiet.

Then she stirred, her firm arms moving slightly as she opened her eyes.

"Mmmmmm..." Sara said, licking her luscious lips and stretching out her arms. A smile crept up her face as her hands moved down her form, going through her hair and down past her shoulders, pausing for a moment at her C cup breasts. She gripped them as though for the first time, as if she hadn't held them before. Because she hadn't.

Sara wasn't Sara anymore. The slug had done what it was bred to do. It had bonded with her body and taken control of it. Even if Sara, the human Sara, had still been awake, it wouldn't have mattered. She would have done her new master's bidding anyway.

But the new Sara sat up, then stood up, pulling up her panties to her pussy. She stopped for a moment, burying two fingers in there, then pulling them out coated in the mixture of her own juices and the slug's slime. She licked them sensually. "Damn... 'I' taste sooo good" She said, giggling like the girl she now was. She repeated the process for a few moments, then finally finished redressing, pulling her backpack over her shoulders and setting off up the crater. A mischievous grin crept across Sara's face. 

The takeover had begun. 

"God, where is Sara? She said she'd be back by midnight, but it's 2 and she still isn't back." Amy said. 

"Hell if I know. You know how she is, sometimes she just likes to disappear. She's probably out with some guy again" her friend Emily said through the phone. 

"Yeah, you're probably right. I'll text you later if she shows up" Amy replied, hanging up and tossing her phone on her bed. She was worried about her roommate, although Sara hadn't given her much reason to do so recently. The bespectacled redhead had come to college with her old high school friend in spite of the claims that others would make that living together would eventually end their friendship. It had turned out to be true. At first it seemed like a great idea, but Amy soon learned all things about Sara she didn't want to know. Sara liked to stay up late; Amy liked to go to bed early. Sara always went out to parties with her friends, but never invited Amy, who stayed at home playing video games or binge watching tv shows. Sara had plenty of "boyfriends", but Amy never really hooked up with anyone. It wasn't that she wasn't pretty by any means. In fact, she'd have to keep a few lecherous boys off her in her high school D&D group, trying to take pictures of her "hot ass" or her "perfect tits". She just didn't really get out much. Social interaction kind of scared her, and she wasn't sure she wanted to be with some guy who was just after her for her looks.

The sound of a key turning the lock at their door tore Amy from her thoughts. She hopped up and ran to the door, opening it to see...

"Hey Ames! Missed me?" Sara asked. 

"Sara! I was so worried! Where were... you...?" Amy asked, her voice trailing off as she took in her roommate's appearance. Her legs were slightly dirty, her hair let down and disheveled. However, something seemed off that Amy was more focused on. Something in the way Sara looked at her...

"I got lost on the trail in that park a few miles away? I was sooo scared" Sara said as she slowly brushed past her roommate and into their apartment. She moved into her room, setting her backpack down on her bed while also strangely looking around the place, as if she already knew where everything was but was somehow seeing it for the first time. When she saw no one else was there, an evil smirk appeared on her visage. "Perfect." She whispered. She concentrated for a brief second, taking deep breaths to begin excreting the superpheromones and feeling something move slightly in her stolen pussy.

Sara turned to face Amy, who now stood in her doorway. She eyed up her roommate, who wore only small boxers that barely covered her shapely ass, and an oversized sweater with their college logo across her chest. She was clearly dressed for bed. Amy's look of relief changed to one of confusion as her eyebrows narrowed beneath her oversized glasses. 

"You know, when I was out there, all alone, I had some time to think." Sara said as she slowly walked toward Amy, her narrow hips swaying from side to side as she approached. 

"I never really included you in any of my fun! All those parties, all those people. All those guys" Her voice dropped as she approached. Amy could feel her roommate's breath hit her, filling her nostrils, and began to feel funny. Her head began to cloud as the space between her legs began to warm. The air itself felt warmer too, as if that could be possible on a hot New Mexico night like this one. Sara smelled so... sweet... was it some perfume she was wearing? Definitely not, she was outside for hours! Amy felt so confused as her roommate closed in on her with a growing lust in her eyes.

"I want you to be with me Amy. You're so much fun to be around. You're smart, you're funny..." Sara backed Amy into the doorframe as her roommate showed a mixture of apprehension and fear, but also a growing lust. Sara's smirk grew into a grin. Their faces were inches away. 

"And you're sexy as hell too" Sara whispered.

Then Sara reached her hand around her roommate's head, grabbing her frizzy red hear and pulling her in for a deep kiss. Amy placed her hand on her friend's chest, trying to push back for a brief moment. Then Sara's tongue forced its way into her mouth and Amy tasted the sweetest, most delicious taste she had ever experienced. The fight went out of her instantly as her arms dropped to her sides. She couldn't believe it, but the girl she'd lived with for two years, the girl she'd known since eighth grade and the girl she'd shared secrets and laughs with for all that time was now furiously making out with her in the doorway of her room. She wasn't even into girls.

And she fucking loved it.

Her entire demeanor changed from one of apprehension to one of outright enthusiasm. Their tongues battled for supremacy in each other's mouths as Amy and Sara began feeling and groping each other's sexy curves. Sara's hand found Amy's now damp pussy, lightly stroking it as Amy moaned into her mouth. Amy's hands wrapped around Sara's ass, each hand gripping a globe-shaped cheek as Sara's lips, mashing into Amy's, twisted into a smile. Her hands moved to Amy's legs as she gripped the underside of her roommate's thighs, gripping them and making it clear that she wanted to pick Amy up. Amy obliged, and Sara picked up Amy and carried her the short distance to her bed, giggling again as she went. 

They both collapsed onto Sara's bed as their make-out session became heavier. Sara paused for a moment, hooking her hands under Amy's sweater and pulling it up over her head. Amy did the same to Sara's tank top. Their bras followed, with Sara shedding her sports bra and Amy tossing hers to the side. Both groped each other's boobs as their tongues once again slipped into one another's mouths. Sara was grinning ear to ear, but Amy was lost in a sea of lust and emotions she still wasn't fully understanding. All conscious thought was being replaced by pure desire.

Their hands moved to their shorts as Sara pulled off Amy's boxers while stroking her pussy with the other, Amy's groans increasing as she went. Amy returned the favor, and soon both girls were bare naked (save for Amy's glasses), their bodies wrapping around one another in lust. Inside Sara, a new slug stirred. Amy was now ready to be converted.

Sara sat up and placed her pussy directly over Amy's. They were both very wet, but Sara dripped with a small amount of a viscous, clear slime.

"You're gonna enjoy this a lot..." She paused for a second as Amy's mind unclouded for a brief moment. "Wha..." was all she could say.

"...But not as much as I will" Sara finished. She began to moan and groan loudly as she willed the new creature inside her to move, and move it did. Amy looked in horror as her best-friend-turned-lover's toned belly distended as something moved downward toward her womanhood. Something large and purple emerged from Sara's cunt, while its mother loudly moaned in excessive pleasure. Amy began to panic, trying to move, but Sara's hands held her roommate by the wrists as her long blonde hair draped over their faces. Amy tried to scream, but Sara mashed their lips together, her tongue forcing its way into Amy's mouth as her child emerged from her. 

The new slug began to part Amy's labial folds as it forced its way in. "MMMMMMMMM!" Was all the sound Amy could muster as she was penetrated by a dick-sized creature that came out of her roommate's cunt. As it pushed further and further, she began to lose consciousness as she was lost in lust and pleasure, Sara's lustful gaze matching hers...

Sara felt Amy go out cold as her eyes closed and her head fell back. Sara broke their kiss and continued to moan. "Oh fuck yes, oh fuck, oh God yessss!" Sara moaned, her child finally falling out of her cunt and sliding its way into her roommate's. She sat back and massaged her wet, slimy pussy as she watched the slug disappear into Amy, her belly distending for a brief moment before returning to normal, as if nothing ever happened. The process complete, Sara gleefully leaned over and began to eat out Amy's pussy, licking up the sweet slime and juices left behind by the slug. It was so beautiful. Amy was so beautiful. Humans were so beautiful. They would all be together and one and fucking, if things continued as planned.

Suddenly Sara felt Amy stir, her fingers gripping her friend's stolen hair and pushing her head even closer to her pussy. 

"Eat me out Sara. Eat me out. This body is so fucking hot and I need to cum!" 'Amy' said huskily. Sara obliged, burying her tongue into her friend's womanhood, moving it around in all directions as Amy began to moan again, her body now obviously under control of the slug planted inside her. Sara continued to eat her out, her friend's moans increasing further and further until reaching a peak. Amy let out a shriek of pleasure as she came, her new body spasming as she was lost in ecstasy. Sara pulled back and smiled gently, the entire lower half of her face covered in pussy juice and slime. She climbed back onto her friend as Amy matched her perverted grin. 

"So Sara," Amy asked. "I really like that you're including me. But I think there should be more of us. What do you say we find someone else to share the fun with?" 

"Sure!" Sara said. She laid on top of Amy, taking off her glasses and throwing them aside. Their arms and legs wrapped around one another as only lovers do. "But tomorrow, alright? I'm tired. I've had a long night." They kissed passionately and tasted each other's slimy juices once more.