 John could hardly believe the situation he now found himself in. It had been a completely boring morning up until now. Before, he'd been sitting around, trying to stay awake in his chemistry class. Now the perfect, globe-shaped breasts of his lab partner Amy sat in front of him as she impaled herself on his cock in the back seat of his car. 

Amy had never really shown any interest at all in John before today. Normally, she just sat on the other side of their table and looked straight ahead at the board. John had always considered asking her out, because she was strikingly beautiful in a cute, nerdy way, but Amy was never really much of a conversationalist, especially not to John. Today though, things were different. She came in, dressed in a very short skirt that barely covered her round ass and a low-cut t-shirt that showed off her cleavage quite well. Her frizzy red hair still draped down her shoulders, but her glasses were gone, her blue eyes finding their way to John's not long after walking into the room. "Hey John!" she said. She sat down next to him, and scooted her chair to be closer to him, something quite abnormal for her. 

"Uh, hey Amy" John said. He couldn't tell what surprised him more, the fact that she was being so friendly, or the fact that he was having a hard time looking at her face and not down her shirt, as she made it very easy to do so. Amy pretended to turn her attention to the board, at least for a while. Class began, the professor beginning to drone on almost immediately about covalent bonds or something similar. John would normally have a hard time paying attention anyway, but the sweet smell of Amy's new perfume was causing his pants to begin to tent.

After a few minutes, Amy shifted her eyes over to John again. Her host body had always considered him pretty attractive, and the thought of putting a slug in his sexy body was beginning to make her stolen pussy wet with slime. She could only make one new slug per day, which she was supposed to save for Emily, but desire began to override her plan. Fuck Emily, Amy decided. She would be having a little fun today. She licked her luscious lips and slowly leaned over to him, putting her mouth close to his ear. 

"You know..." She whispered, her hand sliding onto his thigh as her voice became husky. "I've never had the courage to say this before, but I've always wondered what it would be like to fuck in a car." She glanced down to John's crotch, his cock clearly beginning to strain against the fabric of his jeans at the thought. He looked at her, his eyes wide in bewilderment. She smiled, her hand moving to between his legs. 

"Oh John, did you park close?" She said, biting her bottom lip and looking him dead in the eyes.

And that's where John now found himself, fucking a beautiful girl in the back of his car. She had only taken off her shirt and bra to allow her breasts to sway freely. He'd only had time to pull down his pants before she pushed him down onto the seat. She slightly hiked up her skirt when climbing into his lap, showing that she wasn't wearing any panties. Her cunt was already slick with her own juices and what looked to John like some clear slime. He paid it little attention, as the feeling of her wet folds enveloping his dick was more than enough to draw his attention away. She moaned like a whore as she sank onto him, her eyes drooping with pleasure. Her breath, blowing directly into his face, smelled as sweet as the perfume she wore. She immediately stuck out her tongue, thrusting it into his welcome mouth. He tasted that same strange sweetness again, his mind overwhelmed with pleasure as the hot redhead began to bounce on his cock. Her pace was slow, but steadily quickened as she continued. They continued to make out as they fucked, their bodies becoming coated with sweat in the hot New Mexico morning sun. 

John tried not to think about what he was doing, trying to focus on anything but the slick, warm insides of Amy, which moved up and down on his dick repeatedly. He tried not to think about her voluptuous breasts, which, covered slightly by her long red hair, moved up and down against his chest as she bounced with reckless abandon. He tried not to think about her tongue, which slid around surprisingly deep in his mouth as they passionately made out. But all these things made a familiar pleasure rise in his crotch, a feeling he didn't want to feel but could do little to avoid. It grew and grew as Amy bounced, the sweet smell of her body and the increasingly louder moans she made into his mouth becoming too much to handle. He broke their kiss, trying to warn Amy, trying to pull out, trying to do anything. But it was too late.

"Oh, fuck!" He yelled. He came harder than he'd ever cum before, his cock pumping Amy's wet hot insides with his wet hot cum. She gave a high-pitch squeal in pleasure as she also came, her abdomen spasming as her nails dug into John's back. 

They both sat there for a minute, their breaths heavy but slowing as they came off the high, their bodies slick with sweat. John could do little but sit back into the backseat of his car. Amy grinned a mischievous grin, looking down past her skirt at her womanhood, which began to leak, her slime and sweat mixing with John's cum as he still his dick buried in her. She could feel him soften inside her pussy. Her time was short. He was ready. She felt her slug stir in her bowels and begin to move up her stolen body.

"Mmmmmm" she moaned, licking her lips, then biting them while looking into his eyes again. "Thank you so much John. I want to return the favor." She wrapped her hands around the back of his neck. A question formed on his lips, but she quickly stopped it by mashing hers into his once more. Their kiss became a passionate French one as their tongues danced around in his mouth. Amy's throat began to distend.

John continued making out with his lab partner as he sucked on her tongue. Then he felt something else warm and slimy enter his mouth. Her tongue was still in him. What the hell? He tried to pull back for a second, but Any's hands moved to his head, holding him in place as the thing began to move further in. He opened his eyes, meeting Amy's, who were full of glee. She knew what was coming. He tried desperately to pull back, but there was nothing he could do. The 'second tongue' moved its way through his mouth and down his throat, John choking and sputtering. Once Amy felt it move clear of his teeth, she finally broke the kiss, grinning as she saw her child move down into his body. John began to choke out, losing consciousness, his eyes closing and going limp. Amy, undisturbed by this, stuck out her tongue and greedily licked up the slime around his lips, sucking it back into her body and savoring the taste. All that, she thought, and she barely used her superpheromones. Men really were sex-crazed. But then again, after slithering up into Amy's wet cunt, so was she.

Then she felt his cock, still inside her, begin to grow again as he regained consciousness. His meaty hands moved up to grasp her ass cheeks as a small smile grew on his face. Amy smiled, then reached around, pulling her phone out of the hem of her skirt. She dialed Sara and put the phone up to her ear as she slowly began to grind on the new John's now hard dick once more. 

"Hey Ames" Sara's sweet stolen voice coming through the speaker. "How'd you get along with Emily?"

"Yeah, about that" Amy said, her breath becoming heavy again and beginning to moan. "I met someone, he's soooo sweet and cute. Sexy too. Say hi to John!" She put her phone up to John's face. "Hey", he grumbled in response. He already seemed again preoccupied with the sight of Amy's tits swinging in front of him.

"Oh, I see." Sara said, her voice starting to become husky with lust at the thought of her possessed friend fucking a new recruit to their race. She felt her pussy begin to warm. "God, I wish I could be there. You need to learn how to properly please a man, no offense Ames." 

"Hey, I did alrigh- oh!- ooooohhhh Goddddd!" Amy exclaimed, as John suddenly grabbed a hold of her, pushing her down onto the seat into the missionary position. He began to saw into her cunt with renewed vigor. 

John took the phone from her, not slowing his pace one bit. "Yeah, she did great. She fucked me so hard I feel like a new man!" Everyone smiled a knowing smile at that remark. 

Amy took the phone again, brushing back her red hair for a minute. "So.. oh... anyway... oh, oh God... Could you 'have a chat' with Emily for me? I'll return the favor, I promise. OH SHIT!" She exclaimed as she felt John penetrate her hot, wet folds even deeper than before.

"Mmmmm, sure Amy. I'm close to her classroom anyway. I'll see you later, ok? Have fun with that new stud of yours." Sara hung up the phone as Amy gave only a deep, guttural moan of pleasure in response. The aliens were inexperienced with sex as a male, so unfortunately John came again, filling Amy a second time. The alien slug possessing the body of the sexy ginger could feel him fill her, his cum seeming to have a little slime of his own mixed in. The two new lovers laid together, their juices mixing as their sweaty host bodies were intertwined. They stared deep into one another's eyes, each knowing exactly what the other was thinking.

Sara walked to the bathroom, her wide hips swaying back and forth as she walked down the hallway. She thought about her experiences on this planet so far. Humans made excellent hosts for their species, as it was easy to enter and exit their bodies as well as interface with their brains for easy blending in. As far as anyone could ever know, Sara was the same 21 year-old girl who went for a hike in the desert yesterday. The same could be said about her roommate Amy, and now apparently this male John. Now, she thought, to get Emily. Sara didn't know too much about Emily, but she did know two important things about her. Firstly, she was a runner, and drank a lot of water throughout the day to stay hydrated. Secondly, she had a class on this floor. A long one. This allowed Sara to get creative with her plan.

Walking into the ladies' room, Sara went to the only stall in the room and closed the door behind her. Hiking up her knee-high skirt, she sat on the cold toilet seat and looked around as she relieved herself. She wore no underwear of course. That was Amy's idea. The room was dimly lit and dirty, but it would do just fine for what she had planned. Sara smirked, then felt an incredible sensation as she looked down to see the purple head of a slug emerge from her labial folds. Her host body was familiar to the sensation of a dick going into her body, but the feeling of one emerging was an entirely different experience. Sara did her best to stay quiet, but occasionally gasped in pleasure as the slug slid further out of her pussy. Finally it did, falling out of her and landing in the toilet bowl with a wet plop. She watched as it slithered up to under the rim of the toilet, hiding itself for the right moment. After sticking her hands in her vagina and licking them clean, Sara wiped herself off and stood up, opening the door and walk-

"Took you long enough" 

Emily stood in the restroom; her black hair tied behind her head in a bun. She wore a typical runner's outfit: a grey tank top and leggings which complimented her short physique. She didn't look too dissimilar to Sara in that regard, short but well-built and clearly athletic. She was anxiously waiting for Sara to leave until she recognized her roommate's friend. 

"Oh, it's you! Amy never texted me back, when did you come back from your hike? She was so worried." 

"Oh, I came back after a while. I got lost, but I found something pretty cool" Sara replied, smiling a gentle smile.

"Oh yeah, what's that?"

"You'll see soon enough" Sara replied, her smile turning a little malicious. 

"Okay... well I've gotta go, so... you know." Emily said. "Oh yeah, sorry!" Sara said, sidestepping out of the doorway and allowing Emily to pass. Emily stepped in and closed the door behind her. Sara washed her hands but moved to the door, locking it.

Emily had just sat down when she heard the sounds of the door locking. "Sara?" She called out. She heard no reply, but looked under the stall to see two feet standing by it. She was about to call out again when the slug, slithering out from its hiding place, struck. The purple creature quickly buried its head into her pussy, moving in enough so that it could dangle without fear of dropping out due to gravity. Emily yelped in a mixture of pain and pleasure, jumping up from the shock and looking down to see a purple slug already half-way up and into her vagina. "Oh my god! Oh my god!" She yelled, but it wasn't out of shock. It was out of pleasure. The chemicals in the slug's slime interacted with her body and robbed her of her free will, so rather than try to pull it out she began to heavily massage her clit as the rest of the alien slipped beneath her body. She saw her stomach distend as the creature moved inside her. On the other side of the door, Sara sat upon the counter next to the sink. She grinned and fingered herself lightly. It was so hot seeing someone get converted to her side. She remembered when she had done it herself, sliding up and into a human girl's love canal, taking control of their body and using it for their own perverted uses. She loved watching and hearing the whimpers and moans of Emily as the pheromones in the slime caused her to lose her will to fight and slowly quiet until no sound could be heard from the stall. 

"Emily? Are you okay?" Sara asked, her voice full of fake concern. "I heard you screaming, so I came back to make sure you were ok, and that nothing weird slithered up into that hot, tight little cunt of yours. I would feel so bad if that happened to you!"

A flushing noise came from the toilet as the door opened and Emily strutted out, a confident look on her face. She sashayed over to Sara, who was still masturbating. Sara grinned and quickened her strokes, her pussy and fingers dripping with slime. 'Emily' shared her grin, then moved to eat out her new sister.