 The sun fell as Zoe and Grace walked up to the door of their friends' apartment. They'd been invited over on short notice. Usually, Amy liked to plan out their get-togethers a few days in advance. Today, though, she'd just sent them a short text, inviting them over with an unusually chipper "be there or be square!"

"Hey, do you hear that?" Grace asked, as the two stopped short of the door. The small but distinct sound of a girlish moan could be heard. Grace shot Zoe a clear "what the hell do we do" look. "Do you think it's coming from in there?" She whispered. Another distinct moan of pleasure could be heard. 

"Well, we were supposed to come over right at this time. Besides, this is Amy we're talking about. Sexuality is a mystery to her." Zoe replied. Grace relaxed her face. "Yeah, you're right." She said. Zoe knocked on the door. 

Suddenly, the moaning stopped. "Shit! Uhhmm... Coming!" They heard from the other side. Two pairs of quick footsteps and a door closing could be heard. Their eyes went wide with realization. 

A few seconds later Amy opened the door. "Hey!" She said. Her breath was heavy. Her entire appearance suggested she was caught off-guard by the arrival of her friends. Small strands of red hair were stuck to her forehead with a light layer of sweat. Her big-framed glasses hung loosely on her nose, as if hurriedly put on. She noticed her friends' confused stares and pushed up her glasses, adjusting the straps of her white tank top. 

"Sorry" She apologized. "Just finishing a, uh, workout. Thought you guys were coming later." 

"Right... well, you said 7pm Ames." Zoe said. 

"Yeah, I did. Well come on in girls! Emily texted me and said she'll join us later." She gestured them inside. As they walked in, Amy checked out their bodies, biting her lip as she did so. Zoe was Asian, her well-proportioned body accentuated by leggings and a short sleeve t-shirt. Grace was of Indian descent, her long black hair reaching down just past her shoulders, with dark brown skin and thick-framed glasses. God, they were both fucking hot, she thought. She had to focus on keeping her slug inside her, which was already stirring just behind her pussy lips. The time for that would come soon. Now she had to stay in character. She flipped back her hair, adjusted her glasses, and moved to sit down on the couch opposite Zoe and Grace. 

After a few minutes of conversation Grace was getting a weird feeling from Amy. Something about her seemed very different. She looked pretty much the same, but the way she spoke seemed off somehow. She seemed overly friendly and much more confident than she usually was. It seemed preposterous, but it felt like Amy was just someone else pretending to be her. Grace's thoughts were interrupted when suddenly the door to her side opened and Amy's roommate Sara stepped out. Grace didn't really know Sara that well, as she never really interacted with their group that much due to always being out at some frat party or some other thing. She was dressed in a low-cut top that showed off the abs on her stomach and a skirt that ended mid-way down her thighs. God, she was dressed like a slut, she thought with disgust. 

"Hey girls! My plans just got cancelled, mind if I hang out with you guys?" She asked. 

"Sure!" Amy replied enthusiastically, patting her hand on the couch space next to her. The two shared a look that Grace would almost call a conspiratorial grin as Sara giggled and skipped over to the couch, sitting almost uncomfortably close to Amy. The two placed their hands upon their thighs as they looked to Zoe and Grace. 

Things continued for about another half-hour as they continued talking about typical girly things. They gossiped about the other girls in their classes, talked about upcoming music festivals, and Zoe shared a new hair-curling technique. Eventually the door opened, and Emily walked in, carrying a brown bag. 

"Hey ladies! I brought wine!" She said, pulling out a bottle of red. Grace noticed it was already uncorked. 

"Emily! So glad you could join us." Amy said, putting an emphasis on the end of her sentence. 

"Thanks Amy! Glad to be here." Emily said with what looked like a knowing smirk. Grace noticed this and was again confused, wondering if they had something planned that they hadn't yet shared with the rest of the group. She looked over to Zoe with a confused look on her face. Zoe looked at her quizzically. "What?" She asked. Clearly she was not noticing anything unusual. 

"Nothing." Grace replied, as Emily walked over and sat on the far end of the couch next to Zoe. 

"So Amy," Emily began with a smile as she poured out glasses of wine. "Sara told me you met a cute guy yesterday. Spill your guts!" 

"Wait, really? No way!" Zoe said, looking to Amy in shock. The bespectacled redhead smiled and shrugged her shoulders. 

"I didn't meet him per se. He's my lab partner in chem. We just sorta... connected... yesterday." She said, taking a glass from Emily and sipping on it. 

"Hahaha! Ewww!" Emily said. 

"No, he's really cute and sweet, I promise! I invited him to come over later tonight if that's ok with you guys" 

"That just means we'll have to get our girl fun in before he shows up!" Sara said, drinking from her own glass. "What do you guys say to a little 'truth or dare'?" 

"Ohmigoshyes!" Amy and Emily both replied almost simultaneously. 

"I dunno guys... I think I may need a little more to drink before that." Grace said hesitantly. She took her own glass of wine, swishing it around a little before sipping a little bit. She noticed a strange, sweet taste in addition to the usual flavor. She immediately felt light headed, but brushed away those thoughts and focused. 

"Oh quit being a stick in the mud Grace. You've just gotta dive in!" Zoe said, drinking a big gulp of her wine. Grace noticed Emily smirk behind her. 

"Alright, I'll play." Grace said. "But you go first Amy. Truth or dare." 

Amy threw up an arm in celebration. "Dare!" She shouted triumphantly. 

"Take off your shirt!" Sara said immediately, leaning in close to Amy's ear. "Lemme see those hot tits of yours." She whispered. 

Amy giggled and stood. "As if you don't see them enough already" She said, slowly but seductively sliding up her top and throwing it off to the side. She wore no bra, and her breasts hung in the open air, her nipples already poking up with what could only be arousal. Grace was caught off guard, not just by what her shy friend had just done but more at how she felt about it. It was... hot. She felt the space between her legs warm a little as she tried to brush away those thoughts and took a sip of her wine. Instead, the feelings increased as she drank. 

Amy sat back down next to Sara, who immediately started feeling her up. Amy giggled again and put her hand on her roommate's bare thigh. "Truth or dare roomie" She said huskily. 

"Mmmm" Sara said as Amy lightly caressed the inside of her thighs. "Truth" She decided. 

Grace found herself becoming aroused shockingly quickly, much to her surprise. She wasn't a lesbian, why did she find this so hot? She glanced over at Zoe and Emily, who were silently watching the show in front of them. Zoe looked like she had tunnel vision, focusing on the spectacle intently with a stare that showed desire. A growing damp spot was appearing on her leggings. Emily meanwhile was grinning mischievously. 

"Were you and Amy having sex just before we showed up?" Zoe asked, not moving her stare from the action. She asked just what Grace was wondering herself. 

Both Amy and Sara giggled as they glanced over to Zoe. "Uhmmm... yeah." Sara admitted, looking back to Amy. "But we never got to finish" She said with a grin. Amy matched her smile and they leaned into each other for a shockingly passionate kiss. Amy moved her hand up Sara's thigh and pulled up her friend's skirt, showing that Sara wasn't wearing any panties. Her shaven pussy glistened in their apartment's light. It was clearly already wet, though her dripping pussy juices looked almost slime-like. Amy began to lightly finger her roommate, who moaned as their tongues moved around in one another's mouths and their hands ran through each other's hair. Grace took another drink. Her apprehension had turned into only a small voice in her head, as her own pussy became hot with arousal beneath her shorts. Zoe was lightly massaging her cunt through her leggings, breathing heavily as she masturbated to the sight in front of her. 

"Well, I guess it's my turn." Emily decided with a satisfied sigh. "I choose truth." 

"What did you put in the wine?" Grace found herself saying. Amy and Sara stopped making out and everyone in the room looked to her, then to Emily. Emily's confused look turned into an evil grin. "Nice job finding it out Grace. I didn't think you'd know I put some of my pussy juice in there. I didn't put in much, but it sure was enough to get that little cunt of yours going wasn't it?" 

"I knew you put something in there! It tasted fucking great!" Amy shouted. Grace could not disagree. She should have been concerned at what Emily said, but found herself only feeling more aroused. She unbuttoned her shorts and slipped her fingers under the waistband of her underwear as the roommates continued to make out in front of her. 

"Dare!" Zoe suddenly shouted, not waiting for anyone to ask or say just about anything. The Asian beauty, still fingering herself, looked directly at Emily, who looked deep into her eyes. "Fuck me." Emily simply said. Zoe launched herself at the runner, the two girls passionately kissing and groping immediately. Grace, now the only one not engaged in sex, panted heavily as she fucked herself with her hand, watching the spectacle before her. 

Sara suddenly stopped as she and Amy broke their kiss. She looked over to Zoe, who was busy tearing off Emily's jean shorts, and then down to her own pussy. She suddenly moaned loudly as something moved in her stomach, which bulged slightly. She looked to Amy with her eyebrows raised, as if asking for approval. Amy nodded. Sara stared into her roommate's eyes and her mouth formed an O as her pussy bulged. Grace's eyes went wide as she saw a purple tentacle slowly birth itself from Sara's vagina, coated in slime. She didn't know what it was, but knew she wanted more than anything for it to be inside her. It slid out about half-way before Sara began to stand up from the couch and move to Zoe, who was naked and was busy eating out Emily, unaware of what was going on behind her. Amy quickly grabbed Sara's hand though, stopping her in her tracks. "Wait!" She said. "I have an idea. Can you feel this?" 

The topless ginger leaned over and stuck out her tongue, gently licking the slug which had stopped sliding out of Sara. Slime coated her tongue and chin as she gave the purple alien a lick down its entire length. 

"Ooooooh!" Sara gasped in ecstasy. "Holy fucking shit I can feel it! That's incredible." She was obviously still connected mentally to the creature now acting as her would-be penis as Amy, now encouraged, began to give it a full-on blowjob, sliding it in and out of her mouth while the blonde in front of her sat back down on the couch, lost in pleasure. Her golden strands of hair covered her face, her heavy breaths occasionally blowing them out. Her breasts rose and fell as she moaned and groaned, experiencing an unprecedented pleasure. Grace watched all this, her fingers knuckle-deep in her cunt, her clothes long since shed from her brown skin. 

After a few blissful moments, Amy stopped and looked up at her roommate. "How was that?" She asked. 

"Fucking amazing" Sara said between heavy breaths. The slug, still poking out of Sara's stolen cunt, began to move again, swirling around in the air and gently slapping Amy on the cheek with its purple body, leaving a slimy mark. She gave a cute giggle and licked it one last time, eliciting another gasp from Sara. The blond sat up again, her eyes looking to Amy in a look of gratitude before locking their gaze on the busty Asian whose round ass faced her. As she stood, Amy turned her own gaze to Grace, who finally came with a loud scream. 

"Nice work there girl" The redhead said, taking off her glasses and brushing back her hair. "But don't think I forgot about you." 

Sara's false erection squirmed around in its place inside her womanhood; her skirt lightly draped over it. Dissatisfied, she removed the last of her clothes before kneeling down and grabbing Zoe by her wide hips. The Asian girl turned her head to face her, showing that the entire lower half of her face was coated in Emily's slime and girl cum. Her eyes went wide and her dripping mouth opened in shock as Sara positioned her purple dick behind Zoe's waiting pussy and rammed the gleeful slug inside. 

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" Zoe began to repeatedly moan as Sara fucked her from behind. Emily, now dissatisfied that someone else was fucking the girl who was eating her out, planted a gentle kiss on her sweaty forehead before crawling over on the couch to Grace, who now had a naked Amy walking towards her as well. The Indian beauty eagerly met Emily's tongue with her own in a deep kiss as Amy knelt down beside her, preparing to stick her tongue in her newly lesbian friend's slightly hairy pussy. 

Suddenly everyone's attention turned to the apartment entrance, which flung open as a man stepped in. Sara, still deep in Zoe, slowed but did not stop as she continued to plow the girl. The man had a look of abject shock on his face as the door closed itself behind him. Before him lay an incredible lesbian orgy, with one girl fucking another with a purple tentacle which stuck out of her pussy. 

"John! Oh, I'm so glad you came, and just in time!" Amy yelled in delight, running naked over to hug her lab partner, who still looked on in awe. 

"What the hell's going on here?" Was all he could ask, bewilderment in his voice. 

"Oh, you know..." Sara said as she pounded a squealing Zoe with heavy breath. "Just... ugh... having... ugh... some girl time! Nice to meet you by the way." 

"Wanna join in?" Amy asked with a smirk. She looked over to Grace, who had gone back to tongue-fucking Emily. "We've got a new girl here who's probably dying to have a hot stud inside her. And a hot slug of course." She winked at that remark. 

"Really? Ok, hell yeah!" John said enthusiastically, giving the redhead a deep wet kiss before stripping out of his t-shirt and jeans. Grace, hearing this, stopped kissing Emily and turned her attention to the muscled man before her, now shedding his boxers and showing off his already-hard, meaty cock. She saw a small amount of slimy pre-cum emerge. She gave him a lustful look laid down on the floor, spreading her legs wide before giving a small "Please". John grinned and grabbed Grace by her hips, sliding her a short distance across the floor, guiding his cock into her pussy. Her need to be filled finally met, Grace screamed in pleasure as the hunk on top of her began fucking her with reckless abandon. Amy and Emily watched on with jealousy before turning their attention to one another. Emily gave a perverted grin as her pussy bulged and a purple tentacle of her own emerged from her stolen cunt. Amy seductively sauntered over to the couch before taking her friend's new 'strap-on' into her mouth. 

Things continued that way for several minutes, with Amy blowing Emily and the two uninfected girls being fucked by Sara and John, with everyone moaning as they went. Eventually though, things reached a peak. Sara approached her climax as she fucked the busty Asian before her harder and faster than ever before. Zoe came hard as Sara finally did, falling on top of her and out of breath. She grinned and looked down at her new conquest, who had passed out from the sheer pleasure of it all. She gasped one final time as the slug that had been her penis sensed she was done and gleefully slipped out of her stolen cunt and the rest of the way into Zoe's soaking wet passage, the Asian's dripping folds closing behind it as if nothing had ever happened. 

John, meanwhile, continued to jackhammer into the Indian beauty below him. "Don't cum" He told himself. "Don't cum". He could already feel pressure building in his balls and the slug preparing itself at the base of his shaft. Grace suddenly leaned up and grabbed his cheek, pulling him close to her face. 

"I need it inside me" She whispered. 

John exploded, his dick spewing a huge amount of white-hot cum into Grace's pussy as he came. Grace came too, her entire body shuddering. After several seconds of spraying slimy semen, John felt an almost painful pleasure yet again and pulled out as the slug moved up his urethra. Grace looked down to see his dick bulge to almost double its size as the tentacle's head emerged from his dick and slid into her waiting maw. Almost on contact, the Indian came again, her body thrashing as she experienced pleasure on a whole new level. As the slug slid out of John's penis and inside her, she felt the world darken around her and smiled. 

A minute later, Grace's form stirred, her hands sliding up her brown legs as she opened her eyes again. She sat up slightly, looking down at her new body. Her she grasped at her breasts and saw that her hairy pussy still leaked cum and slime. Satisfied at her new host, 'Grace', looked over at the couch. She saw Amy sitting on top of Emily, each girl moaning like a bitch in heat as the purple slug slid out of Emily and into Amy, then back out of Amy and into Emily repeatedly. Sara, meanwhile, was standing up with one leg stretched into the air in an impressive display of gymnastics as John fucked her, sawing into her pussy with his revitalized cock. Grace's lustful eyes finally settled on Zoe, who still laid unconscious on the floor. She stood and walked over to her, her pussy dripping cum and slime as she went. The others, busy with their orgy, paid little attention as the possessed Grace laid back down on the ground, on top of the Asian. 

"Wakey wakey, Zoe." Grace said mockingly, feeling up her friend's sleeping body and brushing back her black hair. Zoe's face, coated in the drying slime from Emily's cunt, twisted into a small smile. 

"Mmmmmhhhhhh" 'Zoe' said, lightly pushing away Grace with one hand. "Go away, I'm tired." 

Grace, undaunted, crawled further up and stuck two fingers up the girl's pussy, following the path a slug had just taken. Zoe's eyes flew open and she gasped, looking up to see Grace's perverted grin. "Sorry" Grace said, "I just want to try out these hot new bodies of ours." 

"Ok, ok, I'm up!" Zoe said, sitting up. She looked to Amy, still sharing the double-headed dildo that was an alien slug with Emily. "Thanks for inviting us over, Amy!" She said, as the horny Grace licked up the juices on her chin and her lower lip. The Indian girl's tongue slid around her bottom lip before slipping into her mouth as the two girls began to make out. 

"No... problem... girl..." Amy panted in pleasure, more focused on the lecherous Emily below her, whose slug still connected them, sliding up and down at her command. 

"Ohhhh... how's the new body?" Sara said between moans as John fucked her hard and fast. 

Zoe broke the kiss to speak to the girl who had fucked her with the slug that possessed her. "It felt so good to slide into this girl's cunt. Especially after doing a bit of roleplay as your dick. I can't wait to try that out myself!" She said, going back to fondling her roommate's ass. 

"Yeah" Grace added with a giggle. "I can't wait to spread out kind into more of these humans. They're so fucking hot." She breathed into Zoe's mouth as their tongues met in the open air, licking each other before closing the distance with their lips. 

The orgy would continue all night as the aliens enjoyed the sexy forms of their college-aged hosts, fucking each other as tongues, penises, and slugs fucked pussies and mouths in endless ecstasy.