 "So, I was just thinking, like why does she even like him, you know? They are like, so bad together..." Jesse said as she sipped on her caramel macchiato through its straw. 

"Uh huh." Emily said absentmindedly, taking a drink from her own coffee. Jesse was so boring. She'd wanted to spread into her, to shove a hot slimy slug into her dumb mouth and finally shut her up so she would stop spewing pointless gossip. The very thought of it made a bulge appear beneath her leggings as a purple tentacle threatened to emerge from her body's womanhood. She focused and commanded it to slide back into her just as the tip of it poked out of her pussy lips. She lightly shuddered in pleasure as Jesse, who paid no attention, prattled on. 

After their night-long orgy, Amy and Sara, the most senior of the group, had decided that they should all lay low for a while; to get used to human life and blend in as 'the girls they were'. Of course, Emily knew this wouldn't stop Amy and Sara and Grace and Zoe from fucking each other nightly in the privacy of their own homes. Emily and John had no one else to connect to and were consequently left out of the fun, much to their chagrin. Emily's sexy body was eternally horny, and no amount of running could tire her out or distract her from her burning lust. So today she decided to hang out with her friend Jesse, which Emily was now beginning to seriously regret. 

"...Anyway, enough about that. I was wondering, my dad's got this cabin like an hour away. Do you wanna head out there with me maybe this weekend so we could just get away for a bit? I was thinking of inviting Mary too." Jesse asked. 

Emily snapped back to attention at the question. "I mean, yeah! Totally! I'd love that. It'd be so nice to have just us girls out together for a bit." Her mind began to race at the possibilities. 

"Great! I'll let Mary know. Make sure you're packed by tomorrow afternoon." 

"Oh, I'll be ready." Emily replied. She gave a smirk and pulled out her phone. 

"NEED TO TALK TO U LIKE RIGHT NOW. WHEN CAN I COME OVER" She texted Sara. 

Emily knocked on the door to Sara and Amy's apartment, her skin sweating in the heat of day. "Coming!" She heard someone say. A few moments later Amy opened the door, a sweet smile on her face. "Hey Emily! We've been expecting you." She said. 

Emily eyed up her friend. Amy looked normal, with long red hair draped over her shoulders and her classic big-framed glasses covering her blue eyes. Emily's eyes went wide as she looked down to see Amy's short skirt draped over something long and hard which extended from her pelvis. Anyone who would've been walking by at the moment and happened to look in their direction would have seen a redheaded shemale greeting her friend at the door. 

Emily quickly pushed Amy inside and closed the door behind her. "Didn't we agree to something about blending in?" She sneered. 

Amy giggled, lifting up her skirt and showing what lay underneath. A slug stuck out of the possessed ginger's pussy, wiggling around in the air as if it were another appendage. Small drops of slime dripped from its body onto the floor. 

"Relax, Em, I'm just having a bit of fun. Besides, I know you like it." She said, taking a step forward and letting the tip of her alien poke the spot between Emily's legs. It attempted to push through the fabric of her leggings, to no avail. This caused Emily to bite her lip. 

"Put it away Amy, or I'll do something I'm gonna regret." Emily said with growing lust, feeling her nipples harden on her breasts as they pushed onto Amy's chest. The redhead grinned and draped her arms around the back of Emily's head as the two kissed, exchanging slimy saliva in each other's mouths. 

"Emily! How's it going!" Sara appeared out of her bedroom, stopping the two friends from escalating their makeout. 

Emily broke off their kiss and faced Sara, walking into the room. "Hey Sara. I know you told us to not spread into anyone else for a while, but I just got an opportunity too good to ignore." She said. 

Disappointed that she was no longer the center of attention, Amy pushed up her glasses and let the slug slide back inside her. She gave a moan as it disappeared behind her vulva and smoothed out her skirt, returning to her appearance as a normal female. She walked over to a couch and plopped down next to Emily, who had also taken a seat opposite Sara. 

The possessed blonde flipped back her hair and gave a smile. "Do tell." She said. 

"Well," Emily began. "I just got an offer from Jesse. She's going up to a cabin with Mary tomorrow, and she wants me with them. We'll be all alone, for, like, a whole weekend." 

Sara and Amy's eyes lit up at they recognized the fun that could be had. "I see." Sara said. "You'll be all alone? No one else?" 

"Nope." Emily said with a grin. "Just us." 

"But there's two girls and only one of you. How will you get them both without one noticing?" Amy asked. 

Emily thought for a moment. It was a fair question. "I guess I'll just need a slug from one of you guys." 

Sara and Amy gave perverted smiles. "If you think you can take it and keep in in you for a day or so, then okay." Sara decided. "Ames, come over here please." 

Both Sara and Amy stood, walking to the side of the table opposite Emily. They looked to each other and gave knowing smirks, and Sara slid down her shorts as Amy hiked up her skirt. Emily prepared herself, sliding off her leggings and kicking them off to the side. She lightly began to massage her clit as she saw the roommate's bellies distend. Not long after, the possessed girls moaned and purple slugs emerged from their pussies, each covered in slime. The tentacles found open air and began to whip around, slapping the smooth thighs and stomachs of their hosts and even each other, which caused the two girls to gasp in pleasure. 

"Alright Em." Sara said. "Which one do you want? Mine, or Amy's?" The possessed futanaris did their best to strike poses, each looking to be the more appealing option. 

Emily gave a lecherous grin as she examined her options. Amy's was slightly bigger than Sara's, having been nestled inside for longer. Sara had only recently grown a new one since using her previous slug to possess Zoe. Emily wanted to give her friend the pleasure of birthing a slug that would possess one of their hot friends, but she considered the effect that such a large creature would have on her as it lay hidden under her skin for what could be several days. 

"I choose Sara." She finally decided. 

"Aww, no fair! You always get to possess girls!" Amy pouted, stomping off into her room, a purple slug still protruding between her legs. It continued to squirm around in the open air as she disappeared behind the doorway. 

Sara shook her head with a smile as she looked the black-haired runner in the eyes. "Ok then. Let's have a little fun with it. Sit down on that table and... get ready." 

Emily fingered herself for a few more seconds before standing up and stepping over to the table, sitting down and feeling the cool wooden surface on her bare ass and the bottoms of her feet. Sara stepped over to the opposite end and squatted over it. "Oh... oh shit!" She groaned, as the alien slid the rest of the way out of her and fell onto the table with a heavy but wet thud. Emily continued to finger herself, inserting more fingers into her cunt and moaning as she saw the slug begin to squirm in her direction. Sara smiled and sat back down on the couch, masturbating as she watched her new child go to work with purpose. The slimy tentacle moved past Emily's feet and began to move between her legs, while the girl continued to fuck herself with increased vigor. Amy stood in the doorway of her room, stroking the slimy creature that still poked out from between her folds as she viewed the spectacle. 

The slug moved past Emily's knees and between her thighs, and Emily spread her slender legs out even further to better accommodate its girth. "Oh fuck... yes... come on in little guy..." She whispered as she prepared herself, pulling her fingers back out of her dripping pussy. She could feel her other slug move further up inside her to make room. 

The alien finally reached her vulva as it slithered the last bit of the way. Behind it was a slimy trail that spanned the whole length of the table. It recoiled just before her pussy for a brief second, then dove in. 

Emily groaned loudly in pleasure as the slug slid into her passage. Her two viewers masturbated more heavily as they watched. Amy couldn't take it anymore and walked up to Emily, sticking her slug right next to the girl's mouth as she moaned in lust. 

"Suck me off." The ginger commanded. 

Emily obeyed, taking the whole length of the creature into her mouth, her lips sliding all the way to Amy's nether region. While she gave Amy a blowjob, the alien in her own vagina slithered the rest of the way inside as her slimy labia closed up behind it. The runner continued the oral session for a few brief moments before stopping, sliding the slimy tentacle out of her mouth and looking down at the results. Amy, disappointed yet again, frowned and left back into her room, this time closing the door behind her. Emily looked mostly normal, but her belly was slightly bigger than before, making her look slightly fatter, or perhaps a few months pregnant. 

Sara, meanwhile, had come from the sight of her child inside another girl's cunt. She squirted a small amount of slime onto her fingers as her mind became overwhelmed with pleasure. She at last came down to Earth again, looking down at Emily's full stomach and still trembling lightly from the orgasm. "Best... to bring... baggy shirts..." She panted heavily. 

"Alright ladies, here we are!" Jesse said as the car reached the end of the gravel road and made it to the cabin. It was nestled in the woods near a small pond, a half mile off the nearest road. Perfect, Emily thought from the backseat. Jesse and Mary had picked her up from her apartment earlier that day. She had made sure to dress in a large sweater that concealed her enlarged belly. Her clueless friends paid no mind, despite the heat of the day. Jesse and Mary were sorority sisters, and looked the part too. They both had tan skin and long, bleach-blonde hair, though Jesse wore hers under a baseball cap. Emily always thought they could be mistaken for twins, they looked so similar. However, she considered Mary to be infinitely less annoying than Jesse, who fancied herself the leader of their little posse. 

The girls stepped into the cabin, which was dusty from disuse. They each picked out rooms, and set to work opening windows and attending to general cleanliness. Emily silently took inventory of the place. Three bedrooms, one bathroom, one living room. Just big enough to be spacious, but also cozy at the same time. 

"So girls," Jesse said, after they had finished making the place look livable for the next few days. "What shall we do first?" 

"Let's jump in the lake for a bit." Mary suggested. "I need to work on my tan lines anyway." 

"Sounds good to me. Emily?" Jesse asked. 

"Sure" Emily said. "Just let me uh... go to the bathroom first. I'll join you guys in a bit." 

"Alright." Jesse said, as the blondes went to change into their bikinis. 

Emily went to the bathroom, closing the door behind her. Her mind was racing. She couldn't let the girls see her with another slug in her belly, they'd know something was wrong right away. Could she fake being pregnant? No, Jesse had seen her just the day before! She paced back and forth before looking to the toilet. She smiled. 

A few minutes later, Emily emerged from the cabin, looking completely normal in her sexy beach bod. She walked down to the dock and laying down as Jesse and Mary emerged from their short dip. The two girls dried off their dripping bodies with their towels, while Emily sat and watched. She found herself fixated on their smooth skins, their fine asses and their beautiful breasts. She licked her lips and concentrated very hard on keeping her remaining slug in her stolen snatch. They would be fine hosts for her race. 

After an hour or so the sun began to set, so the girls went inside and changed into their sleepwear. Emily changed into a t-shirt and sweatpants, making sure not to wear any panties. She needed quick access to what was inside her if the situation required it. They settled in to watch a movie, all sitting down on the only couch in the cabin. Emily sat on one side of Jesse, while Mary sat on the other. 

Mid-way through the movie, Mary stood up. "I've gotta pee. You guys keep watching." She said, closing the door behind her. Emily's heart began to pound. "Could you turn it up? I can't hear very well." She said to Jesse, who turned up the volume. Sitting the closest to the bathroom, Emily listened close over the sounds of the movie. She heard the sounds of Mary relieving herself before a muffled yelp pierced the cabin. 

Jesse turned her head. "What was that?" She asked aloud. Emily shrugged her shoulders in response. Internally, she readied her superpheromones just in case. 

Then the sound of a toilet flushing could be heard. The sink ran, and the bathroom door opened. Mary stepped out, her blonde hair slightly disheveled but looking otherwise normal. 

"Mary, did you hear something just a minute ago?" Jesse paused the movie and asked her friend. Emily's stomach dropped. 

"Oh, sorry that was me. I thought I saw a spider, but it was nothing." Mary said. She walked over and sat back on the couch. Emily looked over, an unsure look on her face. The blonde beauty returned her glance, and gave her a wink. "Thank you." She mouthed silently. This made Emily smile. One down, she thought. 

The next twelve hours continued without incident. The girls finished their movie and went to bed in their own separate rooms. Of course, Mary visited Emily in the middle of the night to properly thank her for "her surprise gift", but by morning everyone came out to breakfast from their own rooms. 

"What's on the agenda for today, fearless leader?" Emily asked. She had interrupted Jesse's endless gossiping as she and Mary had stared deeply into one another's eyes, each other's gaze full of lust-filled tension. Only their willingness to continue their ruse was keeping them from launching into a loud round of lesbian sex on top of the table. Jesse paid no attention, reading from her book as she ate her cereal and talked between bites. 

"What about a walk in the woods?" Mary proposed. "The air here is so... fresh." She said huskily. Emily's sweatpants bulged and she bit her lip. Mary grinned as she knew what was trying to free itself from her friend's possessed pussy. 

"Hmm... alright." Jesse decided, finally looking up from her book. "Let's get dressed and head out." 

Emily pulled her black hair into a ponytail as she finished dressing. Mary slipped into the room for a brief moment. "Here's what's gonna happen: I'm going to walk out into the woods with Jesse and fuck her." She whispered. "Whether or not your slug is in her cunt when that happens is up to you." She gave Emily a wet kiss before walking back out and getting dressed herself. Emily was impressed by the brazenness of her new sister, and stepped outside to join Jesse. 

The girls reached the end of their hike, finding a nice hilltop with some large tree stumps. Jesse had prattled on for the entire time about who was dating who and which member of her sorority she secretly hated. They sat down, to take in the view, out of breath as they took off their backpacks. The two possessed beauties looked at one another conspiratorially, each knowing the time had come. 

"So Jess," Mary began, as she sauntered up to her sorority sister, who wiped the sweat off her brow and looked to her. "Do you ever wanna fuck me?" 

Jesse snorted. "No." She said. "I mean, you're attractive, but I'm not gay, girl. And neither are you!" 

Mary smirked. "Are you sure about that?" She asked. 

"Uhh... yeah." Jesse replied. "Remember that time I tried to set you up with that lesbian as a jo-" She was interrupted by Mary launching at her, pinning her back and forcing her into a kiss. Jesse fought back, clearly surprised by this sudden advance by her friend. She tried to break the kiss, but Mary held her by the head and forced her tongue in. As the kiss continued, the fight quickly left Jesse as the pheromones in Mary's new saliva made her more persuadable. 

Emily walked over to the two blondes making out on the stump, a moving bulge now clearly visible in her shorts as she approached. "Take off your shorts Jess." She commanded. Mary finally allowed Jesse to break their kiss as Jesse looked up to her friend, now standing just in front of her. 

"Wh.. why?" Was all she could mutter. Her mind was clearly already clouded by lust. 

In response, Emily tore off her shorts, showing the purple alien slug that squirmed around but was still stuck inside her vagina. It dripped slime into the grass as it probed around in the air. "Shut the fuck up for once in your life and take off your shorts so I can shove this thing in your cunt." She said. 

The blonde beauty's eyes went wide and she tried to say something, but Mary silenced it with another kiss. This time Jesse accepted it more willingly, and the two sorority sisters worked together to slide her shorts and moistened panties down to her knees. With her target's shaven pussy now visible, Emily set to work. She stood in front of Jesse's dripping womanhood and lowered her hips. Her tentacle, sensing its time had come, surged out of her and into Jesse. The blonde stopped kissing her friend and cried out in pleasure. Mary stroked her cheek and giggled. 

"Feels good doesn't it?" She asked. "That's what I thought when one just like it slithered into me last night. I hope you figure out what I did. Your backstabbing and gossip only tears people apart. With these things up our pussies, we're closer together. If not emotionally, then physically." Emily smirked at that remark and watched as her child slipped inside the sorority girl, her folds closing behind it. She sat down on the stump next to Mary, pulling her in for the passionate makeout they had been denied the whole day. 

"Nice... speech... 'Mary'." Emily said between kisses. She groped her blonde sister's tits as their tongues became intertwined. 

Mary broke their kiss and smiled. A thin strand of saliva ran between their lips for a brief moment before separating, falling onto their chins. "Glad you liked it. I thought she'd wanna hear it before she got taken over." She replied before sticking her tongue out and slipping it back into Emily's mouth. 

After a few moments they both felt Jesse's hands grope their bodies as she sat up, licking her lips. 

"You did a nice job, Em." She said, kissing the black-haired runner's neck. "Jesse didn't suspect a thing until you shoved me in her tight pussy." 

The girls all laughed at that remark and began their own lesbian three-way out there in the wilderness. As Emily felt Mary's tongue in her mouth and Jesse's tongue enter her pussy, she at last felt the pure sexual bliss she'd been seeking the past week. As the blondes made her cum and she squirted into Jess's waiting mouth, she relished in her newfound power. This had been a good weekend.