 "Oh, fuck!" Zoe cried out for the fifth time as the slug shot out of Grace's pussy and into hers once again. Their sweaty bodies were laying on Zoe's bed, intertwined at the crotch as if they were scissoring. But instead of doing that, they laid together and felt one another share the alien tentacle that traveled between one another's womanhood. They had been doing this for what felt like hours, the time all but forgotten in favor of wet kisses and earth-shaking orgasms.

At last the possessed Asian brought the fun to an end as she let the alien settle back into her body. She fell back onto the bed next to her roommate and lover, the two embracing in one more passionate kiss.

"Why'd you stop?" Grace asked disappointedly, her breasts still rising up and down with her heavy breath. Her dark-skinned hands wandered on Zoe's sweat-soaked body as they cooled down.

"I'm bored." Zoe replied, brushing her black hair out of her face. "We should get someone new."

"What, do you mean like John, or...?" Grace asked, confused.

"I mean someone new." Zoe said. "I want to find some sweet, innocent human..." Her fingers moved between Grace's thighs. "...convince them to come home with me..." A digit traced the Indian girl's slime-coated labia. Grace gained a perverted grin. "...and just when their guard is down..." She paused.

"...I shove my true form inside them."

She deeply kissed her friend as her fingers delved into her cunt. Grace moaned into Zoe's mouth as their tongues danced. Their bodies intertwined once more as they made out. 

"Mmmmm... sounds... good..." Grace said between kisses. She grabbed Zoe's juicy ass with one hand while groping a tit with another. "...But I get to infect someone myself." 

The Asian girl smiled and shook her head in devious agreement, before gaining a look of concentration. Grace raised an eyebrow in confusion before gasping in pleasure as a tentacle emerged from Zoe and slithered into her again.

"Alright, let's see here..." Grace said. The two girls sat on a park bench, looking around the place for their newest victim. They both wore sundresses and chokers. Zoe's was a rosy red, while Grace's was a sunflower yellow. They pretended to be on their phones, occasionally glancing at the passing people.

"Oh, what about that one?" She nodded in the direction of a woman walking down the path toward them.

"Eh, too old." Zoe said, shaking her head. "Remember, our hosts are college students. If a thirty-something starts visiting us, it would be weird."

"Alright, fine." She crossed her arms and sat back in dissatisfaction. A few moments later she leaned forward again to watch a muscled man approach.

"Mmm, how about that one?" The dark-skinned beauty tried not to make her staring too obvious but couldn't help but bite her bottom lip as he walked past.

"Nah, he just looks like a dick." Zoe replied.

"Oh he certainly does." Grace laughed, leaning in close to her friend's ear. She lightly ran her finger across Zoe's arm.

"And imagine it." Her voice dropped to a whisper, her words dripping with lust. "All of its long... hard... length... fucking you raw..." She grinned as she saw Zoe shift uncomfortably on the bench, crossing her tanned legs. No doubt there was something between them trying to slip free of the confines of her infested pussy. There was nothing stopping it from escaping into the open air, as neither girl wore panties. Grace fought to keep her own slug within her.

"Hey girls! What's up?" Suddenly an out-of-breath voice came from behind them. The two girls turned to see a young woman standing behind them. She was dressed in only a sports bra and shorts on account of the hot weather. Her dark brown skin was coated in sweat from her workout, her arms raised over her head as she tried to catch her breath. She was well-built and in shape but also shapely, her breasts almost as large as Zoe's, her ass as round as Grace's. Her frizzy hair was tied in a loose ponytail behind her head.

"Sam!" Zoe exclaimed in surprise, her host's memories telling her the girl's name. She was a friend of Emily's; the two sometimes worked out together. 

"What are you doing out today?" Sam asked. 

"Oh you know," Grace replied, looking to Zoe. "Just enjoying the day." 

"Well, it's getting too hot for me." The black runner said, putting her hands to her hips. "I'm heading inside, you guys wanna join me? I live just over there." She pointed to an apartment complex just down the road.

The two possessed roommates looked to each other. "Sure!" They both exclaimed in unison.

"Alright, make yourselves at home!" Sam said as they walked in. Grace and Zoe followed, having been staring at her assets for the entirety of their short walk. 

"I'm gonna go get a shower. I won't be long. Feel free to get some water or something. My boyfriend should be back sometime soon too." She walked into her bathroom, closing the door behind her.

The two conspirators turned to each other. 

"We should totally get her before her boyfriend shows up." Zoe whispered. Grace nodded in agreement. The two girls took off their sandals before sneaking up to the bathroom door just as the water was starting to run. Grace tried the handle, but the door was locked. "Great. What now?" She whispered.

They thought for a moment before looking to the crack at the bottom of the door. On the other side, Sam began to hum some tune. Zoe suddenly grinned perversely and hiked up her sundress, moving to sit down on the floor. Grace followed suit, placing her bare ass on the cold hardwood. The two girls began to finger themselves, holding their hands to their mouths to stifle their moans. Zoe in particular struggled to keep quiet as her belly distended and her pussy bulged.

Sam, meanwhile, felt a sweet scent fill the air as she washed the dirt off her skin. She began to feel horny, and almost absentmindedly began to stroke her pussy as the water cascaded down her body. Her lust intensified and she began to fuck herself harder as she began to focus on the heat building between her legs.

"Fuck!" Zoe quietly exclaimed as the last of the slug fell out of her infected womanhood. The alien creature already knew what to do, slithering under the crack in the door, leaving a slimy trail behind it. The Asian girl's lips curled into a smile but were interrupted by Grace, who launched herself on top on her roommate. The slug disappeared under the door as the two girls made out on the floor.

In the shower, Sam was masturbating with vigor. She felt more horny than she'd ever felt in her life, but she was unfulfilled. She needed something, anything, inside her. The lust she felt was uncontrollable.

Then, with a wet thud, something fell into the bathtub. Sam turned to see a long, slimy slug landing in the tub. It pulsated, clear slime emerging from the pores on its purple skin. Sam should have been concerned that this creature was now slithering and sliding over to her, but she instead fucked herself faster as it crawled across the tub, the flow of the water not slowing it down. It touched her foot and she felt a huge rush of pleasure. Lust had overridden her mind. Yes, she wanted this. This was meant to be inside her. It was so fucking hot.

The slug climbed up her leg, not losing its grip despite climbing vertically past her knees. Sam couldn't take it anymore. The pleasure was too much. She withdrew her fingers from her cunt and grabbed the slug with her hand as it was midway up her leg. She examined its squirming form for the briefest of moments before shoving the tentacle creature into her pussy. She uttered a scream of pleasure that even her neighbors could probably hear, one that even interrupted Zoe and Grace's passionate fornication on the floor outside. Fireworks exploded in her brain as the slug worked its way up into her, and her whole body shook as she finally reached an orgasm. She felt the alien disappear into her body and at last felt fulfilled. She could only think about how perfect it was. Pleasure echoed through her whole body. That was her last independent thought.

The roommates outside had taken things to Sam's couch, where they now laid. Their sundresses lay discarded on the floor; only their chokers remained on their naked forms as they waited for 'Sam' to emerge from the shower. Zoe's face was buried in Grace's cunt, eagerly licking up the slime and pussy juice she expelled. She felt something touch the tip of her tongue and work its way forward into her mouth, and found herself instead sucking on a slimy tentacle cock that was emerging from Grace's infested womanhood. The Asian girl, not stopping her blowjob, looked up to Grace, who simply giggled in response before moaning as her friend's mouth worked its way up and down the slug's body, her tongue swirling around it and licking up all the slime it excreted. The pheromones thick in the air made both girls lost in ecstasy. Grace felt waves of pleasure crash over her as she gripped the back of Zoe's head with her hand, forcing her further down onto her alien cock.

The sound of a lock turning filled the room as the door swung open. Zoe tried to pull herself off of her friend, but Grace instead forced her even further down. The possessed Asian's eyes went wide as she was forced to deepthroat the tentacle, her plump lips quickly sliding down the length of the creature until they met Grace's nether lips.

The alien inside Grace looked up to see a boy about her age gawking at the scene before him. He most likely saw only two buck-naked girls laying on the couch, with one eating out the other. Grace's tentacle was neatly concealed in Zoe's warm mouth. He was fairly attractive, with muscled biceps visible just where his t-shirt ended. He wasn't very tall, but made up for it with a toned physique and a certain rugged look. He must be Sam's boyfriend.

"What the..." was all he could say. He simply stared at the scene before him. Grace looked and saw a bulge growing under the fabric of his gym shorts. He was no doubt already horny from the pheromones, but the scene of two lesbians before him no doubt helped to spur on his new erection.

"Well hello there." Grace breathed, doing her best to be seductive despite being caught off guard in such a way. She gritted her teeth and groaned as her slug slid out of Zoe's throat and back into her cunt. In a matter of seconds it was hidden once more behind her slightly hairy pussy, and Grace relaxed her grip on Zoe. The Asian got up and turned to face the man, her chin still wet with juices.

"I'm Zoe" The buxom girl introduced herself. "This is Grace. We're friends of Sam."

"I... David..." He managed to utter. He still stared at their naked forms, his erection now obviously painfully straining his shorts.

The bathroom door suddenly opened. A totally naked Sam emerged, having only barely dried off her skin.

"Oh, hey babe." She said normally, sauntering over and planting a kiss on his stunned face. She looked over to see her nude friends lying on the couch, cuddling in one another's arms. They exchanged waves before Grace looked over to her friend and began to lick up her juices that still remained on the girl's chin.

"Say, you guys look kinda lonely." She said as she turned to the wordless David. "Babe, would you mind taking them to our room and fucking them for me? I need to go dry off my hair."

David simply looked from her, to the girls, and back to her again. Then faithfulness to her was forgot as, without a word, he walked to the bedroom.

Grace and Zoe giggled like schoolgirls, getting up and following him. "Thanks 'Sam'." Grace said as she passed by. Sam just grinned and slapped each girl on the ass as they passed, then walked back into the bathroom to dry her new hair.

Within moments the roommates had David undressed. Zoe gave a genuine gasp as she saw David's rock-hard cock in all its long, thick glory. No wonder Sam liked him, she thought. Both girls relaxed him onto the bed, then looked to one another. "I'll let you go first." Grace said.

Zoe smiled and climbed onto the bed. David laid back onto the sheets and she straddled his eight-inch member, her pussy already dripping with anticipation.

"Ooooooh!" The girl groaned as she sank onto David's cock, her warm, wet pussy enveloping its length. David groaned in response.

"Now, now" Grace said, climbing onto the bed as well. "Don't cum yet. Not until we say." She sat next to Zoe, taking in the scene before her. She traced a dark-skinned finger around the hood of her clit. As she watched her friend lean forward and grind on the man's cock, Grace felt the alien inside her respond to her host body's horniness and slide back down her vagina. Her fingers quickly moved from her labia to inside her, as she both fingered herself and blocked the slug's progress. She didn't want to break the ruse just yet; for now she was just a normal human girl watching her friend get fucked. The alien at last sensed this and slid back up into her yet again.

Her secret safe once more, Grace resumed fingering herself as she watched her roommate plow the wide-eyed boy below her. While David was certainly attractive, she found herself focusing more on Zoe. Her silky black hair hung over her face, her tanned skin slick with sweat. Her brown eyes held an eager gaze that traveled up and down the male body she rode upon. She was so hot, Grace thought. The best part of it all was the alien under her skin; the hidden agent that controlled that supple body's every move, like a puppet on a string. These human bodies were pretty, but knowing they played host to a creature made them truly beautiful. Unable to satisfy her feelings with her fingers, Grace leaned forward and brushed back Zoe's black hair away from her face, and pulled her in for a kiss. Zoe moaned in her roommate's mouth as their tongues danced. She only moaned louder as she fucked David, her bosom bouncing up and down with the rest of her body. She grabbed Sam's boyfriend's hands and guided them to her tits, allowing him to grasp each of them.

"You like that David?" Zoe said with unparalleled sexiness as she grinded on his dick. "You like fucking me?" He could only groan in response. Words were beyond him now.

"Oh fuck." The Asian said as she felt pressure building inside her. "Oh fuck, I'm close." Grace leaned in close to her friend. "It's ok." She said. "Cum. Cum for me."

"FUCK!" Zoe came with a scream. Her mouth wide open as she gasped and felt waves of pleasure cascade over her. Grace grinned and grabbed her roommate's head, furiously making out with her once more. Zoe continued to moan as Grace's tongue invaded her, still grinding on David's cock. After a brief few seconds of this, they broke their kiss. Saliva dribbled onto their chins as they looked down to the guy beneath them, who was practically turning red from concentration. He was obviously trying not to cum. Zoe smiled and at last climbed off of his dick, giving a small gasp as he slid out of her.

"Alright David, you've been a good boy." She said, crawling back and positioning her face directly in front of his dick. "You can cum now if you want."

On command, without any additional stimulation, David's whole body tensed up and his cock erupted, spewing ropes of cum onto Zoe's face. The girl was caught off guard, strands landing over her eyes and onto her cheeks and even down onto her choker before she managed to take his dick into her mouth. David was on cloud nine, no doubt having the best orgasm of his life as a veritable ocean of cum erupted from his dick and onto Zoe's waiting tongue.

"Hey, I wanted some!" Grace said, pulling her friend off of his dick. Ivory ropes hit the Indian girl's face too before she took him into her mouth. However, David didn't last much longer before he was totally spent, and the torrent finally abated. Grace kept sucking him, making sure to get every last drop. She then got up and immediately turned to her friend, embracing her into another kiss. Neither girl had swallowed, and cum dribbled between their lips and onto David's leg as they mashed together in lust. David, his mind sufficiently blown, simply laid back as he watched two stunning girls exchange his load in their mouths before swallowing.

"Thank you for that David..." Grace said, his cum still on her face. She didn't bother to clean up the white streaks across her cheek and nose as she crawled forward toward his chest.

"But there's one other thing we need to take care of before we're done with you." The girl smiled before swinging over her leg over his body and straddling his face. Her hairy but glistening pussy posed in front of him for a brief moment, then lowered onto his mouth. Grace moaned like a slut as he got to work eating her out. Zoe, who had just finished licking up the cum on her own face, joined her friend at the front of the bed and watched as she was pleasured by the man who had just finished fucking her. 

Grace looked to her friend and simply smiled. "Oh God... I think he's ready..." She breathed. Zoe looked down to Grace's pelvis and grinned as Grace approached a climax. 

"Do it Grace." She heard as a naked Sam walked into the room and put her hand on her shoulder. "Make him one of us."

At those words, Grace cried out in ecstasy. The ruse was over. A bulge appeared beneath her skin as she came, and David could only watch as that bulge traveled down her stomach and out of her pussy as a large slug entered his mouth. He tried to resist, but the infested girls grabbed his hands and held him down, gazing into his wide eyes with looks of pure perversion. Grace finished her body-quaking orgasm as the last of her purple child fell out of her with a slimy schlurp. 

"That... was so fucking hot." Zoe said as the last of the slug traveled down David's throat and he lost consciousness. The infected Asian leaned over and began to lick up the cum that still sat on Grace's face. 

"I agree." Sam said. On her other side, she did the same, running her wet tongue over her friend's cum-covered cheek. The Indian girl did her best to kiss either girl while she unseated herself from David's face. The three girls fell back to the other end of the crowded bed, the heat from their orgasms finally cooling off.

"Well Zoe, did you get what you wanted?" Grace asked as she spooned Zoe, her breasts pressing into her friend's back.

"Mmmm, yes I did." The Asian replied, groping the beauty that laid in front of her. Sam repaid her feeling with a wet kiss. The two girls smiled and groped each other's bodies with greater fervor as they made out, threatening to restart their sexy romp once more.

They were interrupted by the sound of a phone ringing in the other room. "I'll get it." Grace said with a groan as she walked out, the girls staring at her ass. Grace fished her ringing phone out of her discarded sundress. "Hello?" She answered sweetly as she tossed back her black hair and brought it to her ear.

"Oh, hey Grace!" She heard Amy's voice. "I came by your place but you guys weren't there."

"Oh yeah." She said. "We were... busy..." She heard a moan from the bedroom.

"Well, when you aren't busy, drop by our place. Emily made some new 'friends'. They'd love to meet you and Zoe."

"Ooooh, that sounds nice." Grace said, knowing the true meaning of those words. "We'll be on our way in a bit." 

"Alright, see ya then!" Amy replied, hanging up.

Grace returned to find that 'David' had woken up. He was currently kneeling on the bed, jackhammering into his prone girlfriend with renewed vitality while Zoe watched and lightly fingered herself.

"Hey Zoe, let's go get dressed. Amy just invited us over. We should definitely go. Something tells me it'll be a bit like last time."

Zoe withdrew her now dripping hand from her cunt, giving it a good suck before jumping off the bed. "Ooooh, that sounds great!" She said, turning to the couple still fucking on the bed. "Wanna come?"
