 Amy stood in front of the mirror, eyeing up her nude form. As she ran a slender hand up her smooth legs, the alien inside her thought of how its host had once been. Amy was an introvert. She didn't like talking that much, never really went out, and never had much interest in guys. But now everything was different. She had a boyfriend, went out regularly, and was noticeably more caring about her appearance. The difference was, now she had an alien slug up her cunt controlling her every move.

Amy smiled at this thought, turning to her bed and putting on the clothes she had laid out. As her panties slid on and she hooked her bra over her massive breasts, she thought of the goals her host once had. To get a job? To fall in love? None of those mattered now. She now had one purpose: to spread. To seduce. To infect. She looked back to the mirror as she put on her crop top and shorts. She saw a completely normal human girl, dressed to party. She grinned as she saw her belly distend for a brief moment, giving a hint that perhaps not all was as it appeared, but blew a kiss in the mirror and grabbed her sandals as she opened the door to her room, leaving her glasses behind.

Outside she found Sara already waiting, her arms crossed. Her outfit matched her roommate's, though it admittedly looked better on Sara's toned form. "Took you long enough!" She exclaimed impatiently.

"Sorry." Amy said, "I was... preoccupied."

"Well, don't do it again." Sara said, knowing what she meant. "We're supposed to be straight, after all. Which is why we definitely need to get this out of the way."

Amy's brow furrowed before Sara launched herself at her roommate, locking lips with her in a shockingly deep kiss. The two girls made out for a few moments, sucking on one another's tongues and feeling up one another's forms. Sara then broke the kiss, withdrawing from a dissatisfied Amy. The redhead pursed her lips in a pouting motion as she crossed her arms. "I wanted to see where that went." She said.

"Too bad. You'll have to work for your pussy tonight." Sara said with a wink. "Let's go. Don't forget your purse."

"There you are!" Gwen said as Sara and Amy approached in the cool night air. She pushed herself away from her spot leaning on the wall. She had a tomboyish look, with short brown hair in a pixie cut. Her clothes were in a similar style to her friends'.

"Hey Gwen! You've met Amy before, right?" Sara said as they made it to the door of the club.

"I don't believe I have..." Gwen said as eyed Amy with a look the two girls recognized as attraction. "Pleasure to meet you." She did little to hide her gaze as she spoke flirtatiously. It was well known by the girls of Sara's sorority that Gwen spent many nights in the beds of other women.

"The pleasure is all mine." Amy said with a giggle as she twirled a strand of red hair with her finger. Sara rolled her eyes and stepped between the two girls.

"Where's Erica?" She asked.

"Already inside." Gwen responded. "Let's go in." She turned and opened the door, stepping inside. Amy moved to follow, but Sara blocked her path.

"Remember to be careful." She whispered. "We haven't been around this many people before."

"You worry too much!" Amy responded. "I've practically got her ready to fuck me already. You just need to focus on Erica." She pushed past her roommate, walking into the club behind Gwen. Sara rolled her eyes yet again and followed.

The club was packed with people. Lights flashed. Music blared. Dozens of sweaty bodies danced to the pulse-pounding beat, their hands upon one another. Amy found it hard to stay focused. There were so many people to see. So many to fuck. So many to infest with her kin. A light shudder passed over her as she did her best to continue on. It made it easier to focus on Gwen's shapely ass, which swayed in front of her as they made their way along the wall. Eventually they reached a raven-haired girl in a jacket and skirt, who stood at the edge of the room.

"Hey!" The girl said, as the group made its way over to her. She gave Sara a hug before turning to Amy. "I'm Erica!" She yelled over the loud music. "Amy!" The redhead replied. As Erica turned and moved up to Sara's ear to say something, Amy reached a slender hand over and gently brushed it against the fabric of Gwen's shorts, feeling the girl's ass for only a brief moment. Gwen turned her head to Amy, giving her an almost curious glance. The ginger gave a confident smile before taking her by the hand. As the two girls walked to the dance floor, Erica and Sara finished their conversation.

Sara noticed her roommate lead Gwen to the dance floor and into the crowd. God, she'd better not try to do anything stupid, she thought. She grabbed Erica by the arm. "Let's go get a drink!" She yelled, gesturing to the bar at the other end of the room. Erica nodded.

The two girls reached the bar and ordered their drinks, with Sara continually scanning the crowd. She finally found Amy, who was dancing very close to Gwen, their bodies pressed together. Even from across the room, she could see the obvious look of lust in the girl's eyes. No doubt Gwen was feeling the same way, either from her own horniness or from encouragement by the pheromones that likely circulated the heavy air around Amy. Erica noticed where Sara was looking. "They sure like each other, huh?" She said to Sara, completely unaware of the truth. The possessed blonde was forced to engage in conversation with Erica at the bar but tried to keep an eye on her compatriot. Just as Erica was diving into some sort of pointless gossip, Sara caught Amy leading Gwen by the hand to the bathroom.

"Could you wait here for a minute and watch my drink? I've gotta go to the ladies' room." Sara said, grabbing her purse. Erica barely had any time to answer before Sara bolted to the bathroom, wading through the crowds.

The bathroom door slammed behind Amy as she and Gwen stumbled in. The area was surprisingly empty, which served her plans just fine. The bass from the music outside still echoed throughout the room. Gwen turned to her with an expectant look on her face. "Well?" She asked.

Amy gained a predatory grin and shoved the short-haired girl into a nearby stall, not noticing that one of them was also occupied. She locked the stall door, then turned and was immediately embraced by Gwen, who met her in a passionate kiss. The ginger smiled as she was forced against the wall by her conquest.

"You're... a little slut...aren't you?" Gwen growled between sloppy kisses as she groped Amy's ass with eager hands.

"You don't know the half of it." Amy said and returned her partner's touches, bringing a hand between the tomboy's legs and slipping her fingers beneath the fabric of her panties. Gwen moaned in Amy's mouth as their tongues became intertwined, pressing their curvaceous bodies further together. Amy then withdrew her fingers from between Gwen's womanhood, breaking their kiss. As Gwen stepped back, she gaped in awe as the ginger she had met not half an hour ago lustfully sucked her pussy juices from her own fingers.

"Mmmmm." Amy hummed in pleasure as she extracted her digits from her lips. "You taste great. I'd love to have some more." She said, maintaining her perverse grin. The lesbian before her, unused to being seduced in such a fashion, simply unbuttoned her shorts, sliding both them and her panties to the dingy bathroom floor before sitting on the toilet seat and spreading her legs wide. Her cunt was already clearly wet. Amy's mind, driven purely by desire, mused for a brief moment at the ease of her conquest before getting to her knees. As her tongue penetrated the warm folds of Gwen, the alien hidden inside her made ready. She paid more attention to the girlish moaning of her new friend than she did to the sound of another toilet flushing in the bathroom.

Amanda opened the stall door and craned her neck outside in the direction of the sounds. There was no doubt about it, someone was definitely getting it on in the same room as her. "Oh fuck... oh yeah..." She heard. Yep, somebody was definitely having sex, she thought. This was the last time she would go to this club alone, for sure. She tried to pay it no mind and washed her hands in the sink. Whoever was in there was clearly having a good time, and the sounds she was making were causing Amanda to get a little horny herself. She frowned and tried to suppress those thoughts, drying her hands before giving herself a small once-over in the mirror.

Suddenly, the moaning in the stall was replaced by a brief confused muttering. Then the muttering became a shocked yelp, before at least becoming a muffled scream. Curiosity turned into concern, and Amanda quickly moved to the gap in the stall door, flipping back her midnight black hair to get a better view. She saw a tomboyish girl with a panicked and shocked look in her eye, staring down at the woman with frizzy red hair between her bare thighs, who had a hand covering her mouth. Just as Amanda was about to write off the lesbian sex before her, the redhead pulled back her head, licking her lips. Amanda's mouth opened wide in shock as she saw what looked like a purple slug wriggling its way up into the girl's cunt. The ginger looked on in satisfaction and the tomboy looked on in a mixture of lust and horror as the last of the creature slithered its way up her vagina, her pussy lips closing up behind it as her belly distended before returning to normal. The girl with short hair's eyes rolled back in her head, and her body went limp.

Amanda, with eyes and mouth wide in disbelief, decided she had seen enough and turned to go get help, or at least someone else who might do something about this. She quickly ran to the door, but it swung open for her. A blonde girl stepped though, a purse across her shoulder and a concerned look in her eye.

"Hey!" Amanda whispered, grabbing the girl by the shoulders. "Something really fucked up just happened in that stall!" She pointed further back into the room.

The blonde eyed her quizzically. "What do you mean?" She asked in a worriedly loud tone of voice.

"There was this... this girl!" Amanda hissed, as her breath accelerated. "And this... this thing, this slug... thing... and it went up her..." She pointed between her legs. The blonde kept staring at her, though she gained a look of suspicion.

"Look, you have to believe me! We need to get help!" Amanda said. She kept glancing back at the stall, convinced the door would open and the redheaded girl would come out any minute.

"Hey, hey, it's okay." The girl in front of her said, taking a hand and placing it on her head. "I believe you, I believe you." She said with a friendly smile. She reached behind her and locked the door before placing another hand on Amanda's chin.

"You... you do?" Amanda asked, confused. The blonde nodded. Suddenly, her expression changed. Her friendly smile turned into an evil smirk as her throat bulged. It was all Amanda could do to scream before the girl opened her mouth and a purple slug shot from her lips. Amanda's scream was silenced as the creature surged into her mouth and down her own throat. She coughed and choked as the slug's slimy length traveled into her with shocking speed.

Sara watched as her child disappeared behind the Asian girl's luscious lips. She was a little ashamed that she had to corrupt her, but she was left with no choice. Besides, she wasn't too bad looking herself. The stranger's body shook as the alien took control, Sara bracing her with her arms as she fell to the floor. The stranger spasmed for a few more moments before she settled, at last passing out.

Sara knocked on the stall door. It opened, with a newly possessed Gwen standing behind it. She wore no pants, clear slime dripping from her pussy onto the floor. Amy sat on the toilet, her legs spread wide. "Oh hey Sara!" Gwen said. "I was just thanking Amy for putting me into this meatsuit." She kneeled back on the floor, going back to work eating out her new sister.

"Meatsuit?" Amy asked. "Don't call them tha—ohhhhhh fuck." She grasped Gwen's short hair, grabbing it in tufts as she moaned in ecstasy.

"Hey fuckheads!" Sara yelled. "While you were busy getting busy, there was a human watching! She just tried to go get help!"

Amy and Gwen both looked up at Sara in startled confusion. "Oh shit! What did you do?" Amy asked.

"What the fuck do you think? I infected her." She glanced over to the Asian girl, who was just beginning to stir again on the floor. "But I wouldn't have had to if you had been more careful." She pointed an accusatory finger at her roommate, who looked to the floor sheepishly.

"Does that mean we don't have anyone else to get Erica?" The new Gwen asked. She and Amy began to dress themselves again.

"Fortunately for you guys, I was smart enough to stockpile." Sara said with a smirk, patting her purse with one hand. Something inside stirred in response for a brief moment. The girls gave a relieved smile and moved to leave the stall, but Sara stopped them. "When we go out there, you are going to be the good girls that you're supposed to be, or so help me I will reach up your cunt and yank you out of there myself." She commanded. "We'll see how you like being inside the ugliest tramp I can find."

With those words, the girls gained sullen looks, and Sara allowed them to pass. There was a knock on the bathroom door. Sara moved over to the girl she had just infected, who had now sat up and was feeling her new form. "So, what's your name anyway?" She asked.

"Amanda." She replied. "And don't worry, you're secret's safe with me. Well, it's my secret now too." She giggled. Amanda took the blonde's hand and stood up, rising to meet her new sister in a passionate kiss. Sara's tongue dove into the former stranger's mouth before sliding out and over her chin, licking up all the slime her child had excreted on its way in. The two girls then broke their kiss, and Amanda went to the mirror, fixing her hair and wiping the slime and saliva around her mouth. By the time the bathroom door unlocked, there were four women leaving, none of whom showed any trace of what had happened to them.

After several minutes in the bathroom, Gwen, Amy and Sara emerged. Amanda waved goodbye to the girls who had just a few minutes ago been total strangers to her. Her hips swayed as she walked out the exit, off to spread her kind into a whole new group of hosts. The rest of the alien conspirators returned to the bar, where an utterly clueless Erica awaited.

The next few hours continued on without any other unusual activity. The girls talked and drank and danced, though Erica still failed to notice the occasional lewd gaze or wayward grope her companions gave one another. By the end of the night, the raven-haired beauty was hopelessly drunk and ready to walk home to her apartment.

"Oh my God, that was sooo much fun!" Erica laughed as they were walking home. Sara checked the streets around her. They were all completely vacant in the early morning hours. The lights on the buildings around them were off. There was no one around. "I know how we might be able to have a little bit more." She whispered to Amy. The redhead looked to her roommate with a raised eyebrow. She nodded, before looking to a desolate alleyway they were approaching.

Erica stumbled to the side as Amy shoved her into an alleyway. She laughed some more, blinded by her intoxication. She muttered something in confusion as Gwen and Amy pinned her to the wall, devious looks in their eyes. She got worried when Sara stood behind them, reaching into her purse. Her eyes went wide as she saw her friend pull out a purple object, dripping slime in small droplets. A dildo? No, dildos don't move...

As Sara moved the squirming, eager slug toward Erica's mouth, the raven-haired girl uttered the briefest of screams. Five minutes later, she would emerge from the alleyway a host for the hive, her body a puppet for the alien inside her.