 The rain fell more heavily now as Charles pushed his horse toward the shelter of the overhang of the rock face he could make out lit by the flashes of lightening. He had seldom been this deep in the forest but the storms rapid arrival caused him to be separated from the rest of his party. He dismounted as he drew closer to the rocks and led his horse beneath the overhanging rocks into a shallow cave. His neighbours had meant well talking him into a hunt to take his mind off his grief. Surely after a year of mourning his wife would permit him to re engage with his life. 

He watched the lightening flash around him and scanned the bleak forest and the clearing in front of him. There was something oddly man-made about the area, perhaps a ruined building reclaimed by the thick forest. As his eyes adjusted to the light he began to make out the outline of the ruined walls of the building. Where he stood was indeed solid rock and the entrance to a cave that seemed to be far deeper than he first perceived it to be. He tethered his horse to a nearby bush and turned to look behind and noticed that smoother walls followed the roughness of the entrance. In between the lightening there was another light that did not seem like reflection but coming from deeper within the cave itself. Charles moved cautiously towards the angular corner of the rock face, finding himself in a passageway with a light that emanated from deeper within. He moved deeper down the corridor and as the light began to reveal the hidden aspects beneath flickering shadows he caught sight of symbols on the walls. He paused to feel the carved outlines in the rock. Celtic symbols perhaps maybe even runes he mused? 

He turned to walk toward the bright opening, his eyes adjusting first to the darkness and the flickering shadows and then suddenly to a constellation of lights. Dozens of thick long stemmed candles surrounding a stone at the centre raised up like a sacrificial alter. His mouth fell open as he took in the fullness of the scene. Nestled on top of the stone on a thick layer of crimson velvet with white satin was the body of a young woman. Memories of his wife as she lay in her coffin returned to him overwhelming his curiosity he froze with shock as he felt the tears well up inside hem again. He stared at her naked body through his tears. It was several minutes before he could bring himself to move once more and he wiped his eyes and shuffled closer to her until he could see her in the full light of the surrounding candles.

He found himself lost in her outline, drinking in her smooth milk white skin, her sensuous youthful curves, and her long honey blonde hair. He felt himself being drawn closer to her to drink in her visage. Her body had the firmness of post pubescence at the beginning of womanhood. Charles sighed at the angelic roundness of her gentle face, the slenderness of her neck and the pert loveliness of her breasts. It was only then that he noticed her rib cage rising and falling very slowly. She was alive. Instinctively he pulled off his coat and threw it over her to keep her warm and then moved his head down to her face to hear her breathing. He felt the scent of her breath against his cheek and then began to pat her cheeks gently. Was she simply asleep, drugged-part of some pagan Wicca ritual? She moaned gently and her eyes opened warm and blue like a Nordic goddess flickering in the candlelight. 

"Thank God you are you are alright Miss?" He stammered.

She breathed in deeply and a smile formed on her lips that lit the room with its own brilliance. She grasped her throat and shook her head whispering.

"Where am I?"

She was in shock and began to look around drawing the thick coat to her front as she sat up. All around her body were flakes of silvery white filmy substance that seemed to disintegrate as her body warmed in the coat and the candlelight. She reached out and put her arms around his neck and pulled close to him burying her head in his shoulder. He stroked her silken hair and patted her shoulder as she nestled into him silently. Charles was lost in the warmth of the embrace consumed by the simple human contact he had missed for so long. 

The rain began to abate outside, the candles dripped slowly around them and they held for an eternity before Charles could bring himself to any rational action. He glanced around the chamber as he held her and made out the outline of what appeared to be a chest with a woman's velvet cloak and silk underclothes and small locked book. Reluctantly he loosened his grip on her and she looked up at him. He directed her gaze towards the chest.

" Are you strong enough to dress Miss?" She nodded weakly.

"Yes I think so."

He helped her to her feet as she clutched his damp overcoat. She was a petite faerie like creature by comparison to his tall stature. When he had helped her to the chest he turned politely so she could dress yet felt the burning desire to watch her. Instead he watched the shadows of her dressing, combining the images of her naked beauty in his mind with the shadows pulling on her clothing. It was then that he noticed he was aroused and was conscious he had been since the first moment he spied her. He tried to take his mind off the swelling in his trousers and scanned the room to try to make sense of how or why the young woman was there. His eyes were caught by what appeared to be a book, with gold leaf lettering and a locked spine. When she had finished dressing she moved towards him smiling shyly, he placed his hand around her waist and led her down the corridor towards where he had tethered his horse. The rain had stopped and the brief dwindling sun on the horizon heralded twilight. He helped her onto his horse side-saddle, then began to mount himself.

"Wait here for a moment" She smiled with the vague mystical dreamy look she moved in and out of as if her consciousness was shifting between trying to make sense of her situation or acquiescing to the dream of that moment. Charles returned to the chamber and picked up the locked book and ran his fingers along the spine feeling gold runic shapes beneath his touch on the leather cover and the gold leaf along the tightly packed pages. He looked around briefly at it in the light. The book was sealed shut the pages stuck together by some ancient adhesive or perhaps alchemy. He returned to the dreamy stranger and put the book in his saddlebag and climbed up onto his steed and felt her once more nestle into him as he rode homewards.

William awoke with a start and looked around him in the dim morning haze. He had had that dream many times before. It usually came to him when he slept in the old country house. Even as a child he remembered every detail of it. As a teen he had felt the full force of the moments of arousal and the vision of the young woman. He had even awoken sticky from his excitement. It was a recurring wet dream. He knew the woman. Her images were emblazoned on several walls around the house and even in the families city apartment. Portraits of a seductive young woman in silk, satin and lace. It had been she and the ancestor that bore the same Christian name as he that began the women's clothing empire that William stood to inherit.

Many times as a child William had tried to find the cave in the dream. Several times he felt he was close to it but the wood had been thinned and changed so much it was hard for him to recognise the place from the dream. He had driven down from London to escape the rat race, the responsibility of his position in the women's fashion Industry. His cell phone rang. He looked at the number and recognised it as a work number and answered reluctantly. 

"Ah Mr Honeyton?" a sweet French accented woman's voice spoke apologetically.

"Sir, it is Tiffanie St Seine, I am so sorry to bother you but we need you to tell us about your plans for the Butterfly Effect collection right away."

"Cant this wait until after the weekend? I came here to think!"

"I'm sorry sir but we need to give the go ahead to begin manufacture by Monday. So I was wondering if I could drive down and show you the collection so we could keep to schedule. It should only take an hour." The sweet voice implored. He agreed reluctantly and she arranged to drive the 2 hours from London to meet him before dinner. In the meantime William busied himself looking through some of the old papers in the big roll top desk in his grandfathers library. He had seldom been allowed to play in there and now as master of the house he took advantage of his new status to explore. 

The time passed quickly as he read ancient documents and examined heir looms in dusty cases and containers. He heard the car pull up outside and the sound of hi heels on the pavement outside. Then a knock at the door. He had forgotten to dress, he was still in a dressing gown and shorts but he hurried to the door readying himself to be dismissive to the young woman who waited their patiently. 

He opened the door and all thought left him, speech failed him. In front of him was an exquisitely beautiful, petite, blonde woman. William was use to models and especially lingerie models. He had taken his fill of rising stars as an adolescent and fucked every model he could get his hands on. There was something else about this woman that drew him to her. Something strangely familiar. He recognized her from magazine shots. The name St Seine should have triggered something. She was descendant of the French entrepreneurs that partnered with his family a hundred years ago to form the company. Her scent filled his nostrils he felt himself shiver with desire.

She broke the spell with a distant smile that filled the doorway with its warmth and presence.

"Monsieur Honeyton, I am Tiffanie I am so sorry to disturb you. Can I come in. I promise I wont take up too much of your time."

He led the way into the drawing room where a warm fire blazed. The young woman entered gliding across the floor with a gentle sway that drew his attention to the long shapely legs that were barely covered by the short black mini skirt. She wore a tailor made suit with a jacket and skirt. Beneath was a satin camisole and matching lace bra. He recognised it as part of a lingerie line they had released last year. Her small perfectly rounded breast brought the satin to life in an enchanting way clasping her breasts gently into a cleavage.

She had a small brief case with her. He beckoned her to sit on the two-seater lounge next to him. He was conscious of how much the hem of her skirt revealed as she sat and a glimpse of the gusset of her panties confirmed the recognition of the style of lingerie she wore. Tiffanie smiled sweetly knowing what he had glimpsed and placed the briefcase on her lap and flicked the locks open swinging the lid up.

"These are the final articles." She pulled a tiny white pair of panties from the briefcase with diamond studs on the hips and waistband. The front and back panels were winged butterflies. She handed the panties to him to examine. Then passed him the matching bra and camisole. 

" I want to see them on you Tiffanie. You are a model aren't you?"

She smiled and stood without speaking and unbuttoned her jacket laying it on the arm of the chair. She unzipped her skirt and wiggled it downwards to the floor. William was entranced. She slid the camisole over her head and shook her long silken blonde hair out .

" Can you undo my bra for me William?"

he stood without speaking as he came up behind her and un clasped her bra his hands were shaking. She coyly removed it and stood with her arms folded across her pert little tits.

"Can I have the one you want me to wear please?"

He handed her the bra and watched her turn away from him, clasp it in front then slip the straps across her shoulders. He sensed the sudden shyness and handed her the panties. She slid the ones she was wearing off as William ogled her perfect ass and threw them on top of the pile of clothes on the chair then slid the Butterfly panties on and smoothed the sheer satin against her curves and positioned them on her shapely form. She turned and smiled knowing she was driving him out of his mind. She glanced at the obvious lump at the front of his dressing gown, then took the camisole and slid it over her head and adjusted it.

"Shall I walk? So you can see it move sir?"

She did a catwalk model sachet across the room in the dim firelight that only served to make him even more horny. 

"You look divine Tiffanie. The Butterfly Effect is you totally. I can see why they picked you to model it."

She walked towards him and smiled. The warm scent of her filled his senses. He glanced at the portrait on the wall and then at her. The eyes shared the same look, the body the same petite beauty. 

" I am glad you find me attractive Monsieur. I have wanted to meet you for a long time. Did you know our ancestors were lovers?"

She moved closer to him and touched his face with her hand looking deep into his eyes.

"I want you to kiss me." She whispered.

He pulled her to him and felt her lips against his. She pressed her body against him to feel his rising excitement warm and hard against her scantily clad body. His hands roamed her exquisite curves and cupped her luscious breasts, squeezing the nipples so he could feel them grow erect against the soft satin. Her hands were already beneath his robe and caressing his shivering flesh. She broke from the kiss and kissed her way down his chest and pinched and bit at his nipples. Her hand slid to the lump in his shorts and she grasped it eagerly and then caressed it until she felt the throb of recognition and the swelling she knew she would invoke. He felt her slide to her knees before him and peel down his shorts. His thick cock head bouncing triumphantly before her face as she stared upward angelically. One of her hands grazed his balls with fingernails gently teasing and kneading the ample supply of cum she promised to coax from him. She blew across his cock through her moist lips and then applied wave after wave of flickering tongue kisses up and down his shaft followed by her twisting hand pumping at the shaft. When she had made him wet and moaning constantly she took his cock in her mouth and began to swallow him, slurping loudly. 

She pumped and kissed, and sucked him until he felt the explosion rise in him and he tried to stop her. She persisted and in moments he felt the sheet of white fall across his vision as he was about to orgasm. Then the wave of pleasure but then only a single spurt of jism. Tiffanie had somehow pinched his cock to prevent the full explosion. The small creamy spurt filled her mouth and trickled down her cheek. She scooped it into her mouth like a greedy child and stood. 

"Lets go to bed. I want you inside me soon." 

She led the way up the stairs to the master bedroom. William was not sure how she knew the way but took her warm hand and followed her. She lay on the bed and he kissed her helping her unfasten her bra once more and peel the sweet camisole from her lithe young body. He oscillated between drinking in the sheer loveliness of her body and caressing and kissing every fragment of her skin. He avoided touching her womanhood, this was the prize, the goal, the destination her warm sensuous shape the diviner journey. For half an hour or more he kissed her and caressed her until he could no longer resist touching her pussy through her panties. They were unbelievably damp she was more ready than he imagined. He was drawn to her familiar scent and inhaled it like perfume, then kissing the panty front gently so that he could feel the dampness there rising up to greet his lips. 

Tiffanie writhed and moaned and as he suckled and teased her clitoris he felt a tingling sensation that seemed to be related to her taste, her scent, her sweet nectar. He felt an over powering urge to bring her to successive orgasms and feel the spray of her scent over and over again. He fingered her tightness suckled and licked and kissed until she arched her back and moaned over and over and over again. The air was filled with her moans and cries of delight and each wild orgasm spurted forth squirts of her hot sweet juices. He drank like one addicted. She pulled him off her and beckoned for him to rise upwards and kiss her again. His face was covered in her rich scent. He was conscious that his cock had never relaxed for a moment in fact it seemed swollen to distortion. He had never seen it so big, so hard so excited. It was like a throbbing mass of sensitive blood vessels. 

"Is time for you to be inside me? To love me deep and long."

He grunted as she guided his thickness towards her small tight bud of a pussy. He held his cock against it to feel the first touch of dampness, then slid the head up and down her slick slit until she felt her clit tingle once more. Then she pushed a little into her so he could feel the youthful grasp of her hot pussy lips. His head entered her for a moment and the both gasped at the tightness. She pulled him towards him and kissed him passionately like they had been lovers forever. He pushed his cock into her deep and began fucking her slowly, deeply building up tempo until he felt her shivers and moans return. 

He pounded her to orgasm and shifted her lithe body into countless new positions. Moving her slender supple legs like a rag doll as he fucked her to orgasm after orgasm. He shifted her into Doggie pose and brought her to another series of hot sweet climaxes. He and his cock felt invincible. Between each orgasm she would pause to caress or kiss his cock once more or he would kiss her hot pussy again. 

As the moonlight broke through the bedroom window she climbed on top of him. Straddling him and sliding his cock inside her once more. She rode him wildly at first but getting slower and slower until she collapsed on top of him. She kissed him deeply as they lay motionless. His cock was deep inside her. He had been on the edge of cumming for nearly an hour now and what happened next was completely unexpected. He felt her pussy squirt around his huge cock. He ached for her and his cock throbbed incessantly. They were motionless except for the sweet sexy loving breathless kisses. He began to shiver as his cock throbbed inside her. Her pussy seemed to vibrate around him.

"Cum with me my darling." She whispered.

With that she erupted in a drizzle of orgasmic juices that squirted over his cock and her pussy clamped his cock hard and long until it was almost drawn into her. He felt the white sheet fall across his vision and the accompanying blinding pleasure of the orgasm he had waited so long for. His cock erupted inside her. They lay motionless and yet his cock was throbbing squirting and erupting inside this tiny pussy. She too shivered and moaned. Time stood still. Pleasure upon pleasure passed over them like waves crashing repeatedly. The last memory William had was glancing briefly at the portrait on the wall and recognising her. He awoke alone clutching the small white cum soaked butterfly panties. He had been dreaming again he recognised where he had seen the book in the dream. He fell into a deep satisfied sleep.