 I dashed around the corner, my boots skidding across the rusted catwalk, and opened my inventory. My fingers flying through the interface, I stashed the Null Blade, then began to load every item I had equipped that gave any kind of bonus into my inventory, also: my pistol, my bandolier - everything except my nipple piercing. Then, I closed my inventory.

As the mutants came around the corner, carrying sawed-off shotguns and sharp edged lengths of metal that served as swords, I turned to face them and put my hands up in the air. They surrounded me, albino-pale from living down here in the darkness, leering, and then froze. A textbox popped up in front of me.

Warning: The following sequence of events contains non-consensual sex, torture, humiliation and pain. You may choose to accept Character Death now and respawn, but you will lose all experience gained in this dungeon and all items in your inventory.

Accept Character Death? Y/N

I looked around. The mutant guards remained paused, idling while they waited for my response. Now that I wasn't fighting them or running from them, I could see that they had thick, pale hides instead of skin, like that of a rhinoceros or elephant, except that these hides changed color when they needed to blend in with their surroundings, like an octopus or chameleon. Their weapons - both the shotguns and the crude shards of metal - were flaked with rust. They were naked, to take better advantage of their chameleon-skin, and I could see their soft cocks hanging down between their legs.

You knew this might happen, I told myself, trying to pump up my confidence. You planned for it. You've brought a trick no one else has brought yet. You can get through this. And then, I hit the 'no' button.

The text box disappeared, and immediately two of the mutants grabbed me by the arms. One of them pulled out some rope, and they bound my hands and feet, then slung me over a thick-hided shoulder. Down the passageway, I could still hear my friends fighting, and Razor calling for me, but the sounds were getting further and further away. They must already be retreating, I realized. The mutants began to jog, and then I couldn't really see what was happening; I was being jostled and bounced on a bony shoulder. I fidgeted with my bindings for a couple of moments, but I really had no idea how to get out of being tied up, and I hadn't put any skill points into it either. What skill would that even be, I occupied myself by wondering. Something to find out, for next time...

Eventually, maybe five minutes later, the mutants slowed down. I heard the sound of doors swinging open, and then we were rattling down a series of metal steps. I was dropped onto the ground like a sack of potatoes, something clanged as it swung closed, and I could finally look around - look around my jail cell, as it turned out. An icon to my lower left let me know that it was possible to log out here, much like in a tent or a room at an inn, so I did that.

When I pulled off my NerveGear, I used my phone to check the status of my raiding party. Coraline, Razor, and Lancea were all still in game, so I could leave them a message, but didn't expect a response. Probably trying to rescue me, I realized, then sent them all something anyway. 

Audrey: I've got it.

I put my phone back on the nightstand, got off my bed, and went to the bathroom. It was Sunday evening - we'd been raiding all weekend, and though I knew I should sleep, I just couldn't. My plan had worked. I didn't know whether to be thrilled, or terrified.

Cora hadn't been exaggerating when she'd said her previous party had done a lot of mapping. In fact, they'd found most of the entrances to the mutant lair on level four, and also explored enough of the mutant excavation to have narrowed down the location of the Null Blade to only three potential locations: an ancient, ruined temple complex; a collapsed mine; and what seemed to be the sealed tomb of some ancient hero.

"We should go for the blade," I'd told them over mugs of ale.

"You're fucking crazy," our new, blue-haired priestess told me.

"Says the chick who tried to rape us all," Razor grumbled under his breath.

"I'm not crazy." I ignored Razor. "I picked up an item just for this. It's called a Nipple Piercing of Exquisite Pain. It makes-"

"-all pain feel like pleasure," Cora said with a nod. "So what, you grab the sword, if you get captured we come back and get you?"

I nodded. "Basically. At some point it will have to give me an option to log out; when it does, I hit you three up on the app, tell you everything I can about where they have me and what kind of guards there are, and then we plan a rescue operation."

The conversation hadn't gone quite that simply, of course; there were all sorts of objections and concerns, things to plan for... but in the end, I'd gotten my way. Now, the blade was stashed in my inventory. All I had to do was wait for everyone to be awake tomorrow, and then wait to be rescued.

And make it through a torture scene that had caused every other player who'd gone through it to quit, of course.

At work the next day, I kept my phone on my desk, exchanging messages with my party in between phone calls. I did my best to tell them where my cell was, how many guards I'd seen, and everything else I could think of.

At one point, during a lull, Natalie rolled her chair over. "What's up," she asked. "You've been glued to your phone all morning." 

"Planning a raid," I told her straightening up. This close, I could smell her shampoo - something fruity.

"You are so into this new game." Nattie shook her head. "I don't get it."

Well, it involves experiencing amazing sex as a beautiful woman, I thought, but definitely could not tell her that. I was surprised to find it no longer bothered me to admit I enjoyed that. "It's really immersive," I told her instead. "It's just like being there. Everything you see, taste, feel - it's just like life."

With a shy grin, Natalie shook her head. "I don't know if I could do that. It sounds a little scary."

"No more than trying anything new," I said, grinning at her. "If you ever want to try it, I can hook you up."

Nattie bit her lip. "What, like come over to your place and try it out?"

Before I could think it through, I nodded. "Yeah." She's never come over to my apartment before, was all I could think.

"Let me think about it." And then, our phones were ringing. She didn't bring it up again for the rest of our shift, and I didn't push her.

We all logged in at the same time. That was part of the plan - they'd start their run, and I just had to make it until my party arrived. Razor had argued, of course.

Razor: You should wait until after we log in. Then you won't have to hold out for so long.

Audrey: No good. We don't know how long it will take you to make it to me - what if I'm not in yet by the time you arrive? I can take it.

Now, I wondered if maybe he hadn't been right after all. I had to acknowledge the content warning again, manually confirm that I wished to continue again, and then three mutant guards collected me, slinging me over their shoulders just like before, hauling me through the gang's subterranean stronghold until, finally, we passed through a set of double doors and they threw me down.

I was in a throne room. Or maybe an arena. Some combination of the two, I decided. It was shaped roughly like a circle, with stairs leading down from the entrance. Around the edges of the circle, rings of raised benches or bleachers extended up above my head. They weren't filled with mutants, but there was a decent crowd there, scattered about. In front of me, the rings of seats broke to make room for a raised pavilion, on which the largest mutant I'd ever seen sat in a ridiculous throne which seemed to have been welded together from whatever scraps of metal had been lying around.

He must have been seven feet tall, and well over three hundred pounds. He was covered in the same hide as the other mutants, but he also wore boots, a loincloth, and a sort of cape tossed back over one shoulder. Next to him, on a rack that had been set next to the throne, were a handaxe and a pistol. I focused on him and his items in turn, to see them identified: Gorm, Mutant Warlord (Level 10), was the tag that came up over him. Shit. He was a lot higher level than I was ready to handle. The Axe wasn't really anything special, but when I focused on the gun... Pistol of the Infinite Sky (Super Rare). That sounded interesting.

He stood up. He was even bigger than I had thought, towering over me, and unlike most of the mutants he wore a loincloth. Jesus. "What do we have here," he rumbled, in the voice actor's best evil overlord voice. "That looks like a tasty morsel. Let me see her properly."

Here we go, I thought, as the mutants began to rip off my duster, scattering pieces of it on the ground. Once that was piled on the floor, they tore my blouse open, scattering the buttons everywhere. Since I'd stashed my bandolier in my inventory, they didn't have a difficult time just picking me up, undoing the button on my pants, and pulling them off, along with my boots, though doing all this eventually necessitated cutting the ropes around my wrists and ankles. When they dumped me back on the ground, I was wearing only my black and gray bra, panties, garters and stockings. The mutants kept hold of my arms, forcing me to kneel. Alright, I thought as I shivered in the cold air, you guys can get here any time now. Any time at all.

"Yes!" Gorm walked down from his throne and out onto the arena floor, facing the crowd and raising his voice. "It is time for a show! What do you think, boys?" A raucous cheer greeted him, and I groaned. Really? In front of everyone? Gorm untied his loincloth and let it drop to the ground, and all of a sudden I wasn't thinking about the audience any longer, or even being rescued.

"Are you fucking kidding me," I couldn't help but say out loud. "Who the fuck programmed this?" His penis was at least a foot long, with a metal bar through the head. I was sure no one heard my objection over the cheering. My guards dragged me over to a contraption of ropes, pulleys, leather bindings and cuffs into which they strapped me. A couple turns of wheels, and I was pulled up into the air, my hands and feet drawn together behind my back. All four ropes were connected to a ring, so that I was hanging chest down, my weight supported by my four limbs. Another rope went beneath my breasts, across my torso, to help support my weight, and one last was tied around my gathered hair, pulling my head up.

I swung there in my underwear, panting. This already hurt, and the magical nipple piercing was beginning to do its job. I could feel a warm heat spreading between my thighs as the game translated whatever pain I should be feeling into a sick, twisted sort of pleasure. Gorm stepped forward and slapped his pierced cock against my face a couple of times. I nearly threw up; it stunk. Did they have to program that in, I wondered, but no longer had any urge to open my mouth. With one hand, he spun me in the air so that I was facing away from him, and stepped in between my legs. His large, meaty hand fell onto my panty-covered ass, feeling around for a moment before he gave me a hard slap. I jerked in the ropes. My skin burned where he'd hit me, but in a good way.

"Very nice," he announced to the crowd, and I shut my eyes to avoid seeing them, though I could still hear them cheering. A moment later, I felt something cold and hard slip between my outer thigh and my panties, and then with a snap he'd cut them. Another cut on the other side, and he pulled my panties off. I knew I was spread out for him - and for all of his men - to see.

There wasn't any foreplay; if I hadn't already been getting wet from the effects of the piercing, I can't imagine what it would have felt like. Even with me being wet, there was a burning, stretching sensation for a long, nearly unbearable moment, but the nipple piercing made even that enjoyable. He gripped my hips, slamming deeper and deeper into my pussy with each thrust, until he hit something Razor had never gotten to. Every thrust in felt like being punched in the gut, with a horrible cramping deep inside of me, though somehow that became even more of a turn on because of the way the input to my nervous system was being scrambled. I heard screaming, and realized it was me, and cheering, and knew everyone else in the crowd was watching this happen to me. And then, a moment later, when the first orgasm hit me, they were watching that, too. He thrust into me one last time, the deepest yet, and roared as he emptied his balls into me. When he pulled his giant cock out, there was a splattering sound as a huge glob of cum fell onto the arena floor.

"Ha! Wonderful! Come my friends, enjoy!"

Shit. A gangbang at the hands of disgusting mutants was not what I had been hoping for. The icon to level up appeared, and I selected it as quickly as I could, pausing the action. This time, as opposed to what I usually did, I took my time selecting my new abilities: I needed the breather. I took a fanning ability that would let me snap off shots with my revolver two at a time, and another that made my shots more damaging, and bought up one of the two new sexual abilities I had unlocked since last time I leveled: Cowgirl. I decided to save Missionary position for later. Wow, I thought. This mutant boss really is way above my level. I'd gained so much xp from being raped by him that I was only 1 point below level six. I must have actually gained more, but the game wouldn't let you go up two levels after a single encounter.

I looked around at the paused action, trying to think of what to do. There was no way I could fight my way out of this just yet. Being given to the mutant hordes wasn't going to help my situation; I needed to get untied, and someplace guarded by less enemies. I considered my options, looked over the mammoth, disgusting monster that had just raped me, and knew what I had to do. It was just a question of whether I could bring myself to do it, and whether it would work.

I exited the level up menu, and the action around me sprang back into life. The mutant mob was cheering, and their boss was standing a foot or two away from me while I spun from the ropes. When my head came around to face him, I looked up at him with wide eyes and licked my lips, trying to keep my disgust from showing on my face or in my voice.

"Please, don't give me to your men," I asked him. "Please. I'll do anything you want. There's so much more I can do for you. Don't you want me all to yourself?"

The mutant leader shrugged. "You've got a tight hole now, but that isn't hard to find," he laughed to the cheers of his men. "And it won't be tight for long!" There was another cheer, and I shuddered, despite myself.

"But I can make you feel good," I promised. "I know things. Tricks. I can make you... cum harder than you've ever come before," I promised, having no idea how I was going to do what I said.

The monster stepped forward and stopped my spinning, running a hand over my ass. "Is that so? Alright, boys," he shouted. "I'm going to see if this little slut is as good a fuck as she thinks she is. If she's not the best I've ever had, she'll be right back out to you, don't worry!"

There were some groans, but then I was unclipped from the ring, lifted like a sack of potatoes, still tressed in this bondage gear, and slung across his shoulder. There wasn't much for me to do for a few moments but to close my eyes and try to get my strength back. My plan was simple - disgusting, but simple. I was going to make this monster cum over and over until he finally went to sleep, and then, if my rescuers still hadn't showed up, I was going to make my escape. With or without them.

The walking motion of the body under me paused, and I felt a sharp smack on my ass. "Look," the mutant warlord rumbled. "That's what happens to slaves who make promises they can't keep."

I opened my eyes. We were on a circular metal catwalk that ran around a central shaft; above and below us, I could see at least half a dozen other levels, each with catwalks leading to rooms around the perimeter. Hanging upside down, suspended from chains attached to their feet, were four naked people. The one nearest me was a girl with black hair, the sides of her head shaved, an intricate tattoo from her collarbone down over the tops of her breast. Her eyes fluttered open, and for just a second held mine. Is that a PC, I wondered. Is there someone in there, who tried the same plan as me, still hoping to escape?

Then, we were in a room, the door shut behind us. The walls had once been painted, but now they were so peeling, faded and stained it was impossible to tell what color. The floor, also, was ancient: cracked and stained tiles seemed to make up the original level, but on top of them had been layered and arranged a variety of rugs, none of which matched each other in color or design. The largest piece of furniture in the room was a massive bed set into an antique wooden frame, complete with headboard. Gorm threw me down onto the bed, and I was surprised to find there was a mattress.

I looked up to see the mutant stroking his penis back to life. "Wait," I said. I needed to take control here, to be untied, if this was going to work. "Let me clean up for you. Let me put on something pretty, to make it better."

The warlord narrowed his eyes, then nodded. "Try anything and I'll break your pretty little head like a melon," he told me evenly, then used a knife to cut my bonds. "In there." He pointed through a doorway into what looked like the sort of bathroom a bunch of college boys would have in the most disgusting dorm imaginable. 

Inside, I was relieved to find the same options I would have found at an inn. I used the bathtub to clean myself off, skipping forward because it all just looked so filthy, and then equipped my Dark Lady lingerie. The auto-clean got the cum out of me, and took the ache from my pussy. Great, I thought. Now he can stretch me out all over again. My new nipple piercing rubbed against the pvc cup in which my breast rested, and I felt my nipple start to stiften. I looked at myself in the mirror, trying to work myself up to fucking this monster - not being raped by him, like a few moments ago, but fucking him for everything I was worth until he passed out, and I could kill him and escape. Then, putting as much sway into my hips as I could, I stepped out of the bathroom.

Gorm was naked on the bed, gently stroking his mammoth cock. "Very nice," he rumbled in appreciation as he saw how I was dressed. "Now get over here and show me what you can do."

I got onto the bed on my hands and knees and crawled up in between his giant, meaty legs. The mutant warlord released his cock, raising both his hands up behind his head to relax, and I put first one, then both hands on his shaft. I had never seen a cock that someone needed two hands to stroke in real life before - only in porn videos. Well, here we go, I told myself, removed my hands to support my weight on the mattress, and leaned down to lick his head. It was salty, but thankfully the game hadn't made it too gross. I opened my lips and dipped down, sliding his cockhead into my mouth and caressing it with my tongue. The metal bar of the piercing tasted strange, but if I didn't think about it too hard, I could do this, I realized.

I tried to think of everything I'd ever seen a porn star do in a video, and do that. Razor would love this, I thought as I bobbed up and down, letting my drool dribble down his cock, then rose up and spit a few times while I jacked him with one hand. I tried everything; I sucked his balls, I jammed my head down until I gagged - I had no idea how to actually deepthroat a cock, and it seemed the game wasn't going to do it for me - I even pulled my tits out of the corset, pressed them together, and fucked his cock between them for a couple moments. His cock, my face and my tits were slimy with saliva and pre-cum by the time I felt his cock start to jerk in my mouth. Here it comes, I thought, getting ready to swallow.
