 Rachel could hardly believe her luck. In the past week she had been promoted to the secretary of the CEO of GO Biotech, the most prestigious biotech company in the country. Though her new boss was a bit of a creep, she got a huge pay bump, great benefits, and one of the most prestigious positions in the company. The thought of such a prosperous future made her lips curl into a smile behind the curtain of her red hair that covered her face. She moaned and tossed it back, turning around to take another look at the beautiful guy who was fucking her from behind.

She had met him at a bar just an hour prior. He had approached her, drink in hand. He was well muscled, with a t-shirt that showed off his tanned and beefy biceps, as well as his toned forearms. His hair was short and cut. "Hey there." He had simply said. She had turned to look at him, seeing his impressive form but also his hypnotic, beautiful green eyes. "Hey yourself." Was all she could say with an impressed smile.

From there, things went smoothly. They exchanged names (his was Daniel), talked about their careers (he worked in biology) and gave some pleasant small talk, despite the crowded atmosphere of the bar. He seemed interesting, if considerably less successful than her, but the real draw was just how sexy he was. Even the way he talked made her wet. She could hardly take her eyes off him, his fine muscles and his unnaturally green eyes. By the time he suggested they "head to someplace less crowded" it was she who asked him to take her back to her place. 

Rachel had put her hand on his crotch mere moments after they had gotten into the cab, eliciting a grin from Daniel. They leaned in close, their lips meeting in a kiss that turned passionate as their tongues began to dance in one another's mouths. As they made out, Rachel thought she felt something small slide into her mouth and down her throat. She stopped for a moment and coughed but didn't think too much of it. She was more concerned with the now burning need to have this Adonis inside her. He only seemed to get hotter by the minute.

By the time they stepped through her apartment door, she had lost almost all apprehension or even conscious thought. Lust had taken over her mind. Belt buckles were unfastened. A shirt flew off, exposing toned pecs and rock-hard abs. A blouse flew off. Her ample breasts were let loose by the discarding of her bra. Her panties, practically soaked already, slid down her legs. By now they had reached her bed. The man before her at last slid off his pants and boxers, freeing his rock-hard cock. Rachel had a brief moment to admire its beauty before her hookup turned her around and bent her over, her hands planted on the fabric of her bedsheets. Her smile turned into a pleasured gasp as she felt its hard length penetrate her pussy. Fireworks exploded in her mind as their bodies began to rock back and forth.

The man continued with incredible stamina, fucking her raw, hard and fast. The redhead experienced her first of many orgasms as her body was rocked with ecstasy. Their loud moans echoed throughout her apartment. He was so hot. She wanted every bit of him inside her, fucking her just like this. They seemed connected both physically and mentally now, meeting one another in perfect fornication. She loved it. She came again. Her legs felt like they were about to give out from the pure pleasure of it all.

Daniel suddenly grabbed a fistful of her red hair and pulled her head back to his own, not slowing down his thrusting into her eager cunt. He leaned in and whispered in her ear. "Are you ready?" He said. She looked at him again, staring into his vermillion eyes. She nodded, her own eyelids drooped in satisfaction. 

"Here I come." Daniel grunted, letting her fall back down onto the bed. Rachel leaned on her elbows as she felt him suddenly stop his thrusting. Behind her, she heard him moan. Then she felt a spasming between her legs, and the most pleasurable sensation of her whole life hit her. She felt an immensely powerful orgasm flood her body as she screamed in pleasure. Her incredible moaning obscured the small laughter from Daniel as his body began to turn a strange green. His voice turned to a strange, gooey gargle. His hair disappeared, his muscle smoothing out onto his green skin as he became more liquid than solid. His cock, now slimy, began to suck itself into the redhead's womanhood, pulling the rest of his body behind it. Rachel, still in the throes of passion, felt a strange sucking sensation from her pussy. More and more of Daniel began to fill her body as his body turned into its true slimy form. "Oh Daniel..." She moaned. She looked back at her partner and saw this monster that was still inside her, his face still visible but malformed into its gooey self. 

Rachel uttered a brief scream. Daniel proactively grabbed her by her shoulders with his now slimy, sticky hands, pulling her back up to him just as before. This time though, their bodies stuck together, and Rachel found herself unable to move, restrained by her former partner's slime. The slimy blob that was Daniel continued to suck into her body, and spread further as slimy tendrils entered her mouth and up her nose. Rachel choked and sputtered and fell to the floor as the last of the slime slid into her mouth and up her pussy. Her shocked expression fell from her face as her vision went dark and her eyes closed.

A brief moment later, Rachel's eyes reopened. Her usual blue eyes had been replaced by Daniel's brilliant green as she smiled and stood. She licked her luscious lips and felt up her body, groping her ass with both hands before grabbing each of her breasts.

"Damn, that was great." She said. Her fingers found her clit, massaging it lightly.

"Ohhh. Ohhh, you were a great fuck Rachel." She moaned as she laid on her bed and began to masturbate. "But fucking you isn't as great as fucking someone else as you."

Rachel buried her fingers into her cunt as she thought of how easy it was to conquer her former self, her hand becoming coated in a thin layer of green slime. Daniel had to work hard to shapeshift into the perfect man, someone Rachel could not refuse, though she was completely under his spell after he snuck a little bit of himself down her throat during their makeout. He enjoyed shifting into a hot guy, but he loved possessing hot girls even more. Nothing quite compared to sliding up a woman's pussy and then seeing the world from out of her eyes. Rachel came once more as she thought of seducing more guys in this sexy form. Her breath was heavy, but slowed as she looked down at her new stolen pussy, and saw small amounts of green slime run down her thigh.

"Whoops." She said in surprise. "Get back in here." She concentrated for a brief moment, then smirked as she saw the slime slide back up her thigh and into her cunt. Daniel, now in full control of Rachel's nubile body, licked her hand clean and laid back onto her bed, her long red hair spread across the pillow below her head. Daniel closed his new eyes smiled in satisfaction as he thought of the fun he was going to have in his latest body. This was going to be a great time—but he had business attend to as well. After all, Rachel was hot as hell, but her beauty wasn't the only reason he possessed her. She had access to information that Daniel's employers would find very useful. The stunning ginger, still naked, slipped under the covers and went to sleep, her plan for tomorrow already forming in her hijacked mind.

The elevator doors opened, and Rachel stepped out, heading toward her desk. Her hips swayed back and forth with every step of her heels, her ass barely contained by her short skirt. Her top showed off her significant cleavage. Her red locks of hair flowed down past her shoulders. She was dressed formally, but of one thing there was no doubt; she looked like a slut. This was just fine for the infiltrator hidden behind her newly green eyes. Though he had slipped inside Rachel to sneak around GO Biotech without arousing suspicion, Daniel couldn't help but dressing to turn heads. A smirk was on her face as she saw the heads that, indeed, turned to catch a glimpse. 

The redheaded secretary finally reached her desk in the wood-walled room, sitting down and setting her bag beneath her feet. Her workstation was quite nicer than most in the company, due to the prestige of her job. She set to work typing on her computer, checking her email and doing a few basic tasks. Daniel had read her mind and discovered how to get the information he needed, but he still had to pretend to be the woman for the rest of the day.

"Umm... Hello Rachel." She heard, looking up from her screen to see the confused face of her coworker Taylor. 

"Hey Taylor." Rachel replied, eyeing up her coworker with her stolen eyes. She was blonde, her hair tied up in a bun. Her brown eyes hidden behind the lenses of her glasses. She was dressed somewhat conservatively, wearing black pants and a jacket, with a white shirt beneath. Her attire covered up her form somewhat, but it was clear she was shapely just as Rachel was. She sat at her own desk across from Rachel—the CEO required two secretaries—and continued to occasionally give her curious glances, obviously confused by her coworker's change in fashion sense. Daniel formed a sinister plan as he returned to work for a moment.

"Hey Tay," The ginger finally said. "I'm going to get coffee, you want some?" 

"Oh, sure." The blonde replied, looking up from her screen before looking back down.

Rachel smirked again and stood, walking out from her workstation and over to their breakroom down the hall. The room was a bit dingy, obviously not a place most of the executive visitors would see. It was also empty, which served Daniel's purpose. He took the pot of coffee and poured out two mugs from the counter nearby. Once that was done (and checking that no one else was around) Rachel hiked up her skirt. She wore no panties of course, and her pussy already glistened with juices at the thought of Daniel's plan. She stuck in two fingers, which made her gasp in pleasure. Daniel was tempted to take things even further right there and then, but he knew that Taylor would soon be expecting him back soon. Rachel instead withdrew her fingers from her cunt, giving them a brief look and letting her skirt fall back down. Satisfied at the thick green coating of slime on them, she stuck her digits into one of the mugs, swirling it around and letting it dissolve in the coffee.

Rachel returned to Taylor and handed her the freshly brewed coffee. Taylor thanked her coworker and sipped from the tainted mug. 

"Wow." She said in surprise. "This tastes amazing. Did you use some new sweetener?" She asked.

Rachel grinned. "I did. I hope you don't mind, Tay." She sipped from her own mug, knowing that the effects of Daniel's slime would soon be working through her system. In a few minutes, she would be begging to fuck her redheaded coworker, regardless of her previous sexual orientation.

Suddenly a young man in an expensive suit walked into the room.

"Hello ladies. Busy day ahead?" He asked. Daniel recognized him as Gary Olson, the CEO of GO Biotech and Rachel and Taylor's boss. He was young for how successful he was. His very demeanor suggested wealth and power, wearing expensive clothes and standing around as if he owned the place, and he did. His hair was cropped close on his head, a short beard across his face. Rachel had thought him very attractive, if a little bit too friendly.

"Yes sir, Mr. Olson." Daniel replied as Rachel normally would, passing him a folder with his list of duties for the day. He looked the papers over, before looking his receptionist over, clearly noting her slutty attire. Rachel made sure to give him a perverted smile, as if to reciprocate his stares. Noting this with a smirk, he continued on into his office, closing the wood-paneled door behind him.

"So Rachel..." Taylor finally began. Daniel noted her slightly quickened breath, her long legs underneath her desk which began to squeeze together as if to hide the moistening space between. "I was thinking, do you wanna maybe—"

She was interrupted by a buzzing sound. Rachel looked over to a red light which appeared on her desk. She quickly reached down to her bag and pulled out a USB drive before stuffing it in her jacket pocket. "Hold that thought girl." She said, getting up and walking to the door of Olson's office. As she opened it, she gave a knowing wink to her coworker, as if expecting what the girl was going to suggest. She then stepped inside, the door closing behind her.

The office of Olson was impressive, to say the least. It was beautifully designed, with wood covering the walls and floor. Bookcases lined the room, filled with volumes on many topics, from biology to chemistry to even history. His desk at the end of the room was old, perhaps a century old but still remarkable in quality. The entrepreneur clearly had a penchant for old things. The man himself sat in his chair, hands clasped together, watching his secretary enter the room. Even further behind him was a massive window that showed off the beauty of the city skyline.

Rachel stepped forward, making sure to put some extra sway in her step. "You needed something sir?" She asked with a thin veneer of innocence. 

"Yes, Rachel. Come here if you would." He replied, clearly eyeing his employee with obvious intent.

The redhead smiled and sauntered around the desk. As her boss leaned back in his chair, she stopped just in front of him, her breasts now directly in front of his face.

"What is it you need sir?" She asked, bending down and placing her face close to his. He could now clearly see down her shirt. "I'll do anything you ask." The words left her plump lips with heavy lust.

Olson abruptly ended their shared ruse by grabbing her by her red hair and pulling her in for a deep kiss. As their tongues danced in their mouths, their hands wandered. He pulled her breasts out from beneath her top, groping them with each hand. Rachel's hand found his crotch, and massaged it lightly, feeling his member grow beneath the fabric of his pants.

The ginger broke their kiss and knelt down, her lustful green eyes wide with glee as she unbuckled her boss's belt and unzipped his pants. She used her soft hands to bring forth his throbbing cock. She faked a gasp of impression before taking its length into her mouth. The CEO grunted as his receptionist blew him, placing his hands behind his head and leaning back further as she got to work sucking him off. Her tongue swirled around his member as her head bobbed up and down, clearly showing experience at her craft. Her boss moaned as she continued, already feeling pressure building in his balls. 

"Jesus fucking Christ, you're good at this." Olson said with heavy breath. Rachel only gave a "mmmhmm" in response as she still kept his throbbing cock in her mouth, now fondling his balls as the blowjob continued.

Eventually Olson's moaning became louder and Rachel realized how close he already was. She quickly pulled him out of her mouth and stood. The redhead placed her hands upon his pecs, feeling the muscles beneath his shirt. She then gave him a shove, causing his chair to roll across the floor in the opposite direction. The girl then turned around and pulled up her skirt, showing him her bare ass and shaven pussy, glistening with moisture.

"My turn." She said with confidence, bending herself over and placing her hands upon the desk. She wiggled her ass in Olson's face, waiting for him to take action.

The executive stood, walking up and grabbing his secretary by the hips. "When did you become such a slut?" He growled, lining her pussy up with his cock, still coated in her saliva.

Daniel smiled in Rachel's body. "Since yester-OOHH!" She yelped as she was interrupted by her boss's member thrusting inside her. She leaned further forward to brace herself as Olson began to jackhammer into her from behind, their bodies slapping together repeatedly.

Daniel gave a small giggle at the irony of his situation. A little over 12 hours ago it had been he who was fucking the sexy ginger from behind. Now he had taken her place, moaning like a whore in her sweet voice as once of the most powerful men in the country fucked her on his desk. Just when he thought it couldn't get any better, Olson slapped Rachel's smooth ass. A massive wave of pleasure rolled over him as he experienced an orgasm in Rachel's sexy body. He really did have the best job ever. 

With that thought, he was reminded of the job he'd been hired to do. He reached a hand inside Rachel's jacket pocket and retrieved the USB drive. He could see through the reflection in the computer screen that Olson was focused entirely on his new round ass as he continued to slam into his secretary. As their bodies rocked back and forth, Rachel stealthily inserted the drive into the computer. It would begin downloading all the content required without any input from him, he just needed to buy time.

Rachel got back up, signaling to her boss to pause their sweaty romp. He slid out of her, not noticing that his cock was covered in a thin green film, though it did probably feel more sensitive than usual. The secretary turned and took him by the hand, turning him back around to face his office window. She then knelt once more and took him into her mouth quickly, making sure to collect all the slime that had come out of her. Olson's cock twitched in her mouth and he loudly moaned, suddenly grabbing her by the hair and forcing her even further down onto his dick.

"Oh shit!" He suddenly yelled. She braced herself and her green eyes went wide as a torrent of cum erupted down her throat. She swallowed it quickly, but more came as her boss loudly orgasmed. After several moments of this, the flow of semen finally abated. Rachel swallowed down the last of it as the man still in her mouth gasped for air. He let go of her head and he slid out of her mouth. 

"Mmmmm, you taste good sir." She lied, licking her lips. Even Rachel had tasted better. Olson nodded with a satisfied smile, pulling up his pants. While his attention was diverted, Daniel quickly got up and retrieved the thumb drive, putting it back in his jacket. Rachel then pulled her large tits back under her shirt and pulled back down her skirt. Though she was covered in sweat and her hair was incredibly messed up, that would do for now. 

"Will that be all sir?" She asked, her breath still heavy from their fuck. The exhausted CEO, collapsing in his chair, just waved her off, not bothering to say anything else.

"Very well sir." The possessed secretary said, turning and walking back to the door, giving him one last look at her ass before opening the door and stepping back outside.

On the other side, Rachel found Taylor quickly sitting back down at her desk. Her blonde coworker was clearly pretending to go back to work.

"Oh, Tay..." Rachel said with a smirk, taking an authoritative pose in front of her desk. "You weren't listening to the private conversation we were just having, were you?" She leaned in close to her coworker, their faces mere inches apart. She looked down to see a dark spot in Taylor's pants. The girl was clearly very horny. She was staring right at Rachel, breathing heavily, trying very hard not to kiss her.

"I... I..." was all she could say. Her mind was being driven crazy with desire.

"That does it." Rachel said. "You're coming with me to the break room. We need to have a talk." 

Within minutes the two secretaries were making out in the break room. Rachel had placed a chair in front of the door to block it. She didn't want anyone seeing what was about to come next.

The redhead pulled up her skirt and sat on the table, her bare pussy at its edge. Taylor, now completely in her thrall, got the message and got on her knees, taking off her glasses and setting them aside. Rachel cried out as a second person began to pleasure her that day. The blonde woman had eagerly buried her face into her green-eyed coworker's pussy, her tongue sliding in between her nether lips.
