 "I can't believe I'm doing this." Allison said with a confused look as her top fell to the floor. As her dainty fingers wrapped around her back, she looked on in disbelief at the already naked form of her coworker, Danielle. 

"What's wrong?" Danielle said with a concerned frown. "Don't you want me?" She stepped out of her easily discarded dress and sauntered over to Allison. The shaft of late evening light that shone into the room made her blonde hair shine almost orange. She massaged her own breast, looking down and smiling as if she lusted after herself. 

"I just... I didn't think I liked girls." Allison succeeded in unhooking her bra and unbuttoned her shorts, sliding them down her slender legs. 

"That's clearly changed." Danielle laughed as she saw the clearly wet spot in Allison's panties. Allison blushed and flipped back her flowing brown locks as she and Danielle embraced for another long kiss, one of many since Danielle had asked her out for a drink after work. 

The two hadn't known each other that well, due to working in different departments. Allison worked in R&D, developing new prosthetics for their company. Danielle worked in the corporate offices upstairs. Why such an attractive woman was interested in the bookish look of Allison, she did not know. Allison hadn't even been attracted to her, until she was a few drinks in. Now, several hours later, she was staring into the brilliant green eyes of her coworker, begging to be fucked by her. 

"Well, in any case..." Danielle began as she slipped two fingers beneath Allison's cotton panties. Allison gave a small gasp as she felt the blonde's digits reach her labia. Danielle leaned in, her lips a mere inch from Allison's ear. "I'm not like any other girl you've ever met." She said in a breathy whisper. 

The brown-haired girl's gasps turned into moans as she was fingered standing up by her coworker, sliding off her panties to give Danielle easier access. The blonde girl saw this and smiled. Withdrawing her fingers from Allison's cunt, she pointed to the bedroom at the opposite end of her apartment. Allison obeyed, turning and walking inside. While her back was turned, Danielle stuck her fingers into her own pussy. She bit her lip as she hummed in pleasure for a brief moment before retracting those fingers. 

By now Allison laid on the bed, her legs spread wide, her heterosexuality all but forgotten. She watched as her new lover approached with one hand behind her back, a wicked grin on her face. "Umm, what've you got there?" She asked with some small amount of concern. 

"Something that will rock your world." Danielle said, the grin not leaving her face. As she got within reach of Allison, she revealed her hand. Allison got the briefest of glimpses at it in the shaft of light; her fingers were coated in a thick layer of green slime. Something to the effect of "wait" formed on her lips before a wild-eyed Danielle eagerly shoved the slime-covered fingers into Allison's already wet cunt. 

Instantly, the brown-haired scientist's mind was beset by the purest and most intense pleasure imaginable. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she gripped the bedsheets, gasping in ecstasy with every movement of her lover's digits as Danielle fingered her with vigor. Only a few seconds passed before she felt her first orgasm, her entire body spasming in waves of pleasure. Danielle withdrew her fingers, now dripping with pussy juice rather than slime, and at last Allison regained her senses. 

"Holy shit..." Was all she could whisper. The amazing sensation had only barely subsided. She felt light-headed as she looked to her coworker, who still looked at her almost like a lion must look at a gazelle. "What the hell was that?" She asked. 

"Something you want more of, right?" Danielle said, her every work husky and dripping with lust. Allison simply nodded, her capacity for rational thought decreased to a desire to get some more, any more, of the slime which she noted now ran in a small line down the inside of the girl's thigh. She then leaned forward on the bed and ran her tongue along the still standing Danielle's thigh, greedily lapping up the ooze while the blonde watched on. When the girl inevitably reached her pussy, Danielle grabbed her hair and pulled her head back. Her blue brown eyes met Danielle's own green eyes. 

"Please." Allison plead. "It's so good." 

Danielle examined Allison's nubile form sprawled on her bed. Her admittedly large breasts hung in the air as she laid on her stomach, her round ass high in the air. She was practically salivating at the thought of fucking her new friend. It was a tempting proposition, certainly. But Daniel, who hid inside the blonde woman and controlled her body with his green essence, had other plans. 

"Lay back." He commanded in Danielle's voice, releasing his grip on Allison's head. The brown-haired girl flipped over onto her back, presenting her slick pussy to him. Danielle's luscious lips curled into a smile and she climbed onto the bed, kneeling between Allison's knees. Daniel then looked down at his stolen womanhood and focused. It would take some concentration to do what he was about to do, but he didn't get a chance to do it that often. 

Danielle's mouth opened and she gasped as her nether lips bulged and a large glob of slime emerged from between them. She moaned from the sensation of fucking herself inside-out, but kept her hands firmly on the legs of Allison. Her coworker watched on in a mixture of fear and desire as she saw this bizarre green blob ooze itself further out from the woman's body, becoming longer and longer but somehow not falling to the floor or losing its cohesion. Despite this incredible sight she did not move, nor even consider it. Daniel had snuck enough of himself into her throughout the night to ensure her obedience. First it was in her drink, then in Danielle's saliva during their sloppy kisses. She was practically his slave, but she needed still more. 

The slime finally stopped and began to reform itself into a more coherent shape. Danielle looked down and gazed in triumph at the new green phallus that stuck out of her pussy. It looked almost solid now, almost appearing to be a strapless dildo. "Not too shabby." She said with a smirk before her vermillion eyes turned to her conquest. 

"I..." Allison could not form words. She did not understand what exactly her coworker was anymore, but lust had completely overridden her mind. She could only focus on the slimy dick that now sat before her, and knew that she wanted it. She could do little else but watch as the corrupted blonde woman grinned in glee and carefully guided her new cock into her pussy. 

Both girls' minds exploded in pleasure as Danielle slid inside. Allison arched her back and practically screamed as her coworker began to pump into her, fucking her like no guy ever had. For his part, Daniel struggled to keep himself together, as the raw sensation of fucking a girl with his true form was almost too much. He hadn't had much fun in possessing Danielle, having snuck up on her and taking her over when she had gone to the bathroom at the office earlier that morning. But now he moaned in her sweet voice and felt the sweat on her skin as he fucked Allison. He relished every moment he spent as a sexy woman, and ramming into another sexy woman with his slime was even better. 

On and on they ground into one another, each girl cumming over and over again. Both of them were slick with sweat from their romp, as well as the summer heat which permeated even in the apartment. Daniel was becoming exhausted despite having the time of his life in Danielle's sexy form; he looked down and noticed his slime cock was beginning to lose its solid form, becoming softer. 

"Fuck... time to wrap this up!" Danielle declared, grinning behind a curtain of her own hair. She slowed her pace, but increased her power. With every thrust deep into Allison's cunt, the young scientist below her moaned in pure sexual gratification. Danielle moaned too, feeling herself approach one final orgasm. As she felt the pleasure build inside her, she readied her grand finale. 

"Fuck, here I come!" Danielle cried out with one last thrust, pushing her slimy green cock nearly all the way into Allison. When the two girls' labias touched, Allison came too, her legs quivering in pleasure. As Danielle's mouth drooped open in satisfaction, she pulled back. However, a wet schlick sound was heard, and a dazed Allison looked down to see that Danielle's slimy cock did not pull out with her. Rather, it had disconnected from the corrupted girl, and was now slithering up into Allison's slick cunt. 

The now fully female blonde bit her finger and watched in gleeful anticipation as her former phallus disappeared inside her coworker. The brown-haired girl's blue eyes rolled back in her head and she fell back onto the bed, her entire body spasming lightly. Whether it was from pleasure or the shock of her mind being overridden, Daniel did not know. He just watched on and lightly fingered his current host, before he felt a rush and suddenly found himself looking from two pairs of eyes. 

Allison sat up with a gasp and stared at Danielle with a pair of newly green eyes. Both girls smiled the same perverted smile. Allison raised her left hand. Danielle mirrored her actions. Danielle raised her right hand, Allison did the same. 

"So it works." Both girls said in unison before giggling the same giggle. Daniel concentrated and focused on getting each of his new bodies to work independently. Possessing two people at once was always a challenge. Allison raised her right hand, but Danielle did not. The blonde girl flipped her hair. The brown-haired girl examined her nails. Danielle got up and started to pace around the room naked. Allison watched on, then smirked and snuck a finger into her pussy. Danielle stopped in her tracks and gasped, as though she herself was the one being fingered. She and Allison looked to each other in surprise. 

"Oh, this is gonna be fun." Danielle said with a smile, sliding back onto the bed and pouncing onto Allison with an aggressive kiss. 

"...and I believe with the introduction of this new product, our IPO will surpass our competitors." The executive said as he finished his presentation. The board room clapped in response, though why they did, Daniel knew not. The presentation was boring, the man even more so. He spoke behind big glasses and under an obvious comb-over about things that everyone in the room had already gone over in emails the week before. If he were simply Danielle, he would be bored out of his mind. Thankfully, while he sat in the corner of the conference room wearing the buxom form of the blonde executive, he also got to give a whoreish moan in Allison's voice as she grasped at the shoulders of a man whose name she didn't even know as they fucked in a supply closet a few floors down. 

She had silently lured the innocent researcher in with only a few "fuck me" stares from across the room and some extremely seductive poses that Allison certainly would never have made had there not been someone else controlling her body and mind like a puppet on a string. He wasn't even particularly attractive, but Daniel needed a distraction from the soul-ripping meeting. While Allison didn't know the man's name, she certainly saw him staring at her rather scantily-clad body when she walked in. Upstairs, Danielle was forced to cross her legs tightly and bite her own tongue, as she felt every thrust of the man's admittedly impressive cock into the scientist's slick passage as if he were fucking her in her own chair. She had even slipped away just in time to make it to the bathroom as both she and Allison came simultaneously, sharing their orgasm through their shared consciousness. 

As the meeting drew to a close, so too did the workplace tryst. The young scientist pushed back her coworker, causing him to slide out of her. With her panties still yanked down at her ankles she took the length of his member into her mouth. The sight of the woman's hypnotic green eyes staring up at him combined with the sensation of her skillfully sucking the soul out of him pushed the man over the edge. He tried to warn her, but could only gasp as his cock erupted in a tide of cum. The brown-haired girl continued unfazed, sucking him dry with every burst of hot white liquid that went into her mouth. When she had finally drank up every last ounce of his semen, she stood and faced her coworker, still bewildered by his situation. A small drop of ivory liquid leaked onto her bottom lip. 

"Mmmm." The young woman moaned, licking her lips clean. "Thanks for the cum. I really needed that." She pulled up her panties, smoothed out her skirt, and with a peck on the man's cheek, she left the closet with a confident smile on her face. The man was then alone in the supply closet, amazed and confused. 

About half an hour later, the elevator doors to the R&D department opened, and a young woman with blonde hair stepped out. She looked around before walking past several cubicles to a woman in a lab coat behind a desk. 

"Excuse me." The blonde said. The scientist looked up from her paperwork. Green eyes met green eyes. "Are you Allison Matthews?" The executive asked. 

"Yes, can I help you?" Allison replied. 

"I'm Danielle Thompson from upstairs. I'm here to see the prototype?" 

"Oh yes, of course! Right this way." Allison got up and led Danielle down the hall, the two girls oddly stepping in unison. The executive was led down past rows of labs before coming to the storage area, which Allison unlocked with her keycard, which only members of the R&D team carried. 

"Haven't we met before?" The scientist asked her colleague with a smirk as she opened the door. 

The blonde gave a pleasant smile as she stepped through. "Didn't I see you in the elevator yesterday?" 

"Ohhh, yeah." Allison winked as they continued onward, bringing her to a cabinet. The scientist pulled out a drawer before reaching in and grabbing the company's latest and greatest prototype. She presented it to Danielle with a proud smile. 

"Here it is! The world's first functional prosthetic eye." Danielle examined it closely with her own green eyes. The eye was certainly impressive, looking almost lifelike but capable of giving even a blind person sight. She then smiled and placed it in her suit jacket pocket. 

"But miss, you can't take it!" Allison protested weakly. "It's confidential! It's not supposed to leave this room!" 

Danielle frowned, furrowing her eyebrows as if in thought. "I'll tell you what." She said. "If you let me take this, I'll come over tonight and fuck that tight little pussy of yours." 

The brown-haired researcher appeared shocked at such a notion for a brief moment, as any normal person would. Then, her entire demeanor changed. "Alright." She said, shrugging her shoulders and walking away. The blonde executive laughed before following her coworker out. They returned to the main area, where the two girls split up. 

"Thanks!" Daniel said with a wave as he walked away in Danielle's body. 

"No problem." He said with a giggle in Allison's voice. 

Returning to the corporate offices, Danielle logged off her computer and grabbed her things, waving goodbye to her coworkers as she called it a day. If she were a regular employee, she would be searched as she left the building. However, executives were exempt from this policy after the CEO was searched by an unknowing guard. The green-eyed woman drove away, no one knowing that she carried their most valued future product. No one, of course, except for the other green-eyed woman who had let her in. 

Allison stepped into her apartment, setting down her bag and trudging over to her couch, plopping down next to a bare-naked Danielle who was watching TV. 

"Long day?" The blonde asked with a smirk. She had let herself in using Allison's spare key, and had decided to improve Allison's drive home by fingering herself. 

"You have no idea." Allison replied, removing her own blouse. 

"I think I have some idea, being in your head and all." Danielle said jokingly. 

"Whatever." Allison said. Removing her bra, she launched herself at her nude colleague, embracing her in a ferocious kiss. As their tongues swirled around one another, Danielle slid off her partner in crime's skirt and panties. Now both nude, the girls' bodies wrapped around one another. Their bodies became as intertwined as their minds. Skin met skin, tongues and fingers found holes, and moans echoed throughout the apartment. 

"Well, this was fucking awesome." Allison said with a sigh, wiping the sweat from her partner's brow. The two had cum an innumerable amount of times, fucking for as long as their bodies' stamina would permit. 

"I almost wanna stay around for a little while." Danielle said. "I'd love to see the looks on these two's faces when they find themselves laying together naked." She continued to grope the curvaceous breasts of her coworker. 

"Oh well. Gotta deliver the product anyway." Alison replied. "Ready?" Danielle nodded. The possessed scientist brushed back the hair of her corrupted co-conspirator, mashing their lips together one last time. As they made out, green slime began to ooze from their pussies, pooling together and forming a puddle, which quickly began to reform itself into a different shape. The two girls' bodies went limp as they fell unconscious, the last of the slime leaving their forms and making a human body. The form of Daniel began to emerge, the green color giving way to human skin and hair. After a few brief moments, a normal, clothed man stood at the foot of the bed, looking down at the two sexy women who still peacefully slept together. 

"Thanks for everything ladies." Daniel said as he grabbed the eye from Danielle's bag. "Hope you don't get fired after they see you stealing their product on CCTV." With a chuckle, he turned and left the apartment, on his way to deliver the eye to its creators' main competitor.