 My heart beat inside my chest heavily as I finished the climb to the top story of the library for their public computers on campus. It was the most humiliating experience knowing that you once had a working laptop but a little spilt coffee and now you were forced to sit next to the guy who was mostly bald aside from the sickly thin ponytail sticking out the back of his fat head. The pimples that covered his body were clear and present on the base of his neck though most of that would be covered with a wispy beard that didn't cover half of his cheeks or upper lip, and the smell of sweat could penetrate any article of clothing you had. I frowned as I looked down the rows of open computers to use. I had one hour in the library to get my school work done... but honestly after having to walk from my dorm to the library the inspiration to actually finish a school assignment was sapped from me like some evil madman zapped me with an energy draining ray gun.

I settled on the computer furthest away from Sir Stinks-a-Lot, as I titled him of course, only to find him staring down at me over the hands of the other typists. I felt myself grow red faced as I realized he had his eyes locked with my smaller breasts. What the hell... seriously? I adjusted my frumpy sweatshirt to try and cover myself from his leering eyes and scooted as far forward into the retaining cubicle as I could so he couldn't get even more sick pleasure out of watching me do school work. I rested my chin in my open palm and settled my elbow onto the desk. My right hand went to work on the mouse as I idled over the concept of logging onto the school portal. I closed my eyes removed my hand from my chin and began to type in the URL field. When I opened them I found the title of my favorite anime forum board plastered on the screen. 

Dammit looks like today wasn't going to be a productive day after all. I scrolled lazily along the titles. I didn't want to bother with logging into the computer, since first off it wasn't my own, but it seemed that someone else used this site because all of the links were purpled out. I sighed as I followed a few of the top rated. They changed every hour so you didn't know what new and exciting manga or shows were going to be coming out soon. With online video I could practically watch any one of them I wanted for free and wouldn't have the obligation of paying for a cable channel to only get a billion ads thrown at me... that and I was getting too cheap for Netflix. The scenario of a broke college student rang true in my ears every time someone talked about making ramen noodles a high end cuisine of their week. For me it had become cereals in mass produced bags that were the staple of my diet, either that or flavorless bulk oatmeal. That is probably how I kept myself so thin.

I felt my cheeks burn red as I realized there was a drawing of some oversized but hunky anime man on my screen. I looked left and right to make sure no one was watching over my shoulder as I closed the link down. I couldn't stand the idea of someone knowing that I was secretly admiring a drawing of a character that would never be real. Real people were nasty though. It would be so much better if some online character could become real and walk with me. I could talk with him and be content feeling his hand press into my palm and I could rest my chin on his chest while we talked the day away under a breezy tree. I sighed as the next picture of the hunk faded as I closed the link. I could only wish... but sadly none of it would come true. Just as the image fell away another image was filling the entire screen. A beautiful interpretation of a woman in the new age digital style manga filled my view, but I became aware that the coloration was mostly flesh. She had blue gray hair that fell in long strands over her shoulders and touched the tops of full breasts. Her middle was fit and slim. She was sitting but her legs were spread apart open and inviting and between them hung one of the most realistic depictions of a horse cock I had ever seen in my entire life, and I had only seen one or two from accidental glimpses online when doing a research paper here or there. I felt my cheeks turn even redder and I quickly tried to click the close link. In my haste however I clicked the slideshow button. It began to scroll through the next few pictures of the woman. Bending forward stroking the tool, standing against a wall the tip pressed up against the underside of her breasts, white cream splashing over her stomach as she lay on her back touching herself... I let out a squeak and pressed the power button to the computer. What an idiot. How could I have missed the button?

I stood up from the chair and hung my head in shame as I began to leave the library. I didn't even care if the nasty bearded wonder was staring at me. I didn't care if anyone noticed the fact I hadn't even been at the terminal for more than five minutes before audibly squeaking, turning off the computer, and leaving immediately. I felt so horrible. I crossed my arms around my middle as though trying to keep the butterflies from bursting out of my insides, and I made my way to the exit of the library. Someone was blocking the entrance and if I hadn't been hanging my head looking at the ground I probably would have rammed right into them. Black shoes with silver spiked studs filled my vision. I stopped abruptly and looked up to find myself face to face with an extremely pale skinned woman. She had stark blue eyes and black hair that fell in curls around her face. An odd style of hair for a gothic woman, but somehow it suited her well. Her body was gorgeous however, almost on par with the woman I had just - I felt my insides flutter again at the thought of the woman jerking a horse cock on the computer. This goth girl did however have an extremely nice body. From breasts that caught even my attention, to a narrow waist, and flaring hips that only screamed to be touched. I shivered feeling so ashamed of everything about the day. I deserved to sit in my dorm alone tonight and do nothing but pout.

The goth girl stepped aside and watched me as I tried to slip past her. She leaned forward and I felt the heat from her body radiate onto my arm. I looked up at her to find her luscious full lips inches from my cheek. She parted them invitingly and licked just the top lip and spoke the following words that bored themselves into my very soul, "Fucking horse cock loving bitch." I squeaked again and covered my face with my hands. I darted from the room trying not to look at anyone else as I ran from the library. I needed to get my laptop fixed so this wouldn't happen again... but I was so broke that even the idea of fixing it became absurd.

The next day I went to my classes like normal, I considered getting dressed up today to go places, but the normal in the area had become one of two standards for the women because of winter. Either sweats or sluts. One of the options was beyond my wardrobe and comfort zone, so sweats was pretty much everything I dared to wear. Especially after yesterday I couldn't stand to be noticed by anyone until a few weeks went by. I couldn't tell if anyone else had seen me accidentally click the link to the slideshow or if it was just the goth. I felt myself shiver and I gripped a hand at the backpack strap on my shoulder that held the books I needed for the day. I had two classes so it wasn't a huge deal to get them over with and fade away at home. Luckily my parents were willing to put out the money for school and the dorm, and I got a cash allowance of twenty dollars a week for food. We weren't rich, but it was the best they could do to help get my feet on the ground. I stayed thin as I tried to cut back on food to scrape by anything extra to help out where I could on the school payments, but that was life. If I ever felt like I was going to pass out from starvation a small zip lock of cheerios could do wonders.

I reached down into the pouch on my sweater and pulled out a small handful of the food I could afford and began to nibble on them like a child, when a familiar voice whispered in my ear, "I bet you wish that a horse cock could cum into a bowl of cheerios just so you could gobble it down." I felt my whole body flush with fear. I turned on my heel to see the goth smiling at me. She was a few inches taller than me and it made her even more intimidating. That and she had the most knock out body of a woman I had ever seen in person and not in a magazine. Honestly why did she take pleasure in torturing me when she could get picked up by any modeling agency. I went to say something to her but felt myself at a loss of words. I choked on the mouthful of cheerios I had and coughed turning away from her and ran away ashamed of being so stupid.

I went through class completely distracted. The idea of this girl making fun of me for accidentally clicking a link to see more lewd pictures was absurd. This was college, there was no place for me to get made fun of over this. I shivered as the images flooded back into my mind. Before I knew it the lecture was over and I was uncomfortably turned on without meaning to be. I was not attracted to the idea of a horse cock on a woman. That was disgusting and filthy beyond any of my wildest dreams. I tried to be pure and maintained my virginity happily. I didn't even get tempted to go out to the bars with the students from the dorm, though that did have something to do with money. Not completely though, I knew most of those girls were sluts and would bang anything that could fill them.

I slammed a palm to my forehead that was now breaking out in a cold sweat. I couldn't get these images out of mind. First the horse cocked wonder, to the sexy goth, to the girls in the dorm riding anything, to the horse cock again. My head was swimming and I had to take a chair outside my next lecture. I had to get myself together or I would be getting bad grades this semester. I had to really rely on my notes because my electronic methods of study were now on a halt until I came into some way of earning money to fix my situation. I leaned forward and put my head between my knees taking deep breaths. I was probably just having a nervous breakdown. The pressure of everything was probably just finally going to my head. Honestly I was getting worked up over something completely stupid. I took a deep breath and let out another. The sound of people walking nearby made me not want to raise my head in case someone decided to ask me what was wrong. People should know that on campus there will be loads of people freaking out just like I was right then.

A pair of footsteps slowly made their way toward me in an empty hallway. They echoed loudly in my confused head and I opened my eyes to see the same silver studded shoes fill my vision. No. Honestly no... of all times why did she have to be right here? I raised my head slowly until our eyes met. Her body really was perfectly stunning. She smiled and hunched down placing her hands on her knees giving me a view of her ample bosom. He pale skin was very contrasted to the black material that clung to her form, somehow unshifting in place. Her smirk oddly spoke louder than she probably assumed. She opened her full lush lips and leaned in to whisper, "I bet you can imagine yourself with a horse cock. Spreading your legs, stroking the immense flesh. I bet you think it would feel good. Tell you what, you find a way to get one and I will fuck you silly." She patted my shoulder, stood up, and walked away sashaying her glorious backside. I felt my face boil into a deep red with humiliation. Why did it have to happen to me. Why after all the hard work I have put in toward school and my life did I have to fall into the clutches of a goth bully. I felt tears well up in my eyes as I stood from the chair I had used to settle my mind. I ran as quickly as I could back to my dorm room, forgetting completely about the lecture I was supposed to be attending. Honestly in the state I was in there wouldn't be a chance I would learn anything at all.

When the door to my room clicked closed behind me I gave out a long exasperated sigh. I quickly stripped off the oversized hoodie and stared down at my figure that was covered by a camisole. I wasn't unattractive, but I wasn't a goddess like the goth either. I pulled off my sweat bottoms feeling ashamed to admit that they were a bit humid. Was it because I had grown so aroused or was it because I practically ran here? Either way it was a gross feeling and I needed to cool off for a bit. Sitting down in just my boyshorts and camisole I curled up my legs on my bed and pulled out my notebook. I filled in my name, Jillian Matthews, and filled out the class and assignment underneath. If I couldn't make it to a lab to type up my report I might as well make the best of it with a handwritten one. I stared at the page blankley expecting something to pop into my mind to begin doing something with it. Something at all. Anything.

Growling I tossed the book aside and flopped myself back onto my bed and glared at the ceiling angrily. Honestly this wasn't something that people did. They didn't daydream about sexual fantasy and skip school. This is the dumbest I have ever acted in my life. I closed my eyes and began to try to clear my head. There was a strange perfume that filled my nose and I sat up. I was still in my normal dorm room and alone... I must have by losing my mind. I sat back down and closed my eyes. The scent wafted past my nose again. I sat up again, but to my surprise I found myself sitting next to a pool. There was the sound of someone choking on something. A coughing and sputtering. I turned around to see a red headed woman on her knees in front of a blond one, both completely nude and the redhead was... was... I closed my eyes and opened them again. I was staring at the ceiling of my dorm room. 

There was a woman giving another a blow job? That was fucked up. Honestly. I sat up and crossed my arms over my quivering stomach. The image of the horse cock woman must have brought in memories of something else that I had seen that apparently I tried to forget. I stood up and opened my door to walk into the common space of the apartment. There were six of us that lived in this space, and like a normal cookie cutter college dorm there were six others just like this one on the same floor. I sat down on the couch. It was in that moment I realized I was still in my under garments. No one else should be home so it didn't make that much of a difference did it? What was wrong with me? I stood up to at least grab a blanket but to my horror the goth girl was standing in my doorway wearing thin straps that barely covered her nipples. They wrapped around her form only making her figure even more enticing. She had tall spiked heels on and her. Her skin looked smooth and milky, almost begging for my tongue to run over it.

I felt myself shiver at the sight of her. I felt like an idiot, almost as though she had complete control of who I was. She raised a hand and gestured for me to follow her into my room. She turned and I stared at her perfectly shaped ass with a thing thong threaded between her succulent cheeks. I couldn't be doing this. This couldn't be happening. Transfixed however, I followed her enticing gesture and found myself in my room, though it wasn't like my room at all. It was devoid of everything accept the beyond sexy gothic chick. She dropped to her knees and the door to my room slammed behind me. I looked down to see her fingers working deftly to pull down the hem of my tight boyshorts. To my surprise as the cloth slid free, and a throbbing sensation between my legs made my head dizzy with excitement. I watched as she raised a palm between my legs. Pleasure erupted in my stomach. I raised my face to the ceiling and groaned in ecstasy. The throbbing and drumming in my heart and head coincided almost making a hypnotic drunken sensation. My whole body quivered at her touch. I wanted more of it I needed more of it. I looked back down and to my shock and horror between the goth's hands was a large pulsating horse cock. It felt so fantastic. It begged me to touch it to feel it. To have the pleasuring sensation pour over my entire body.

The Goth stood up and moved away from my figure she smiled at me, "I told you that I would fuck you if you found a way to get one. First off let me see that it is real and you can have every inch of my body." I swallowed as she ran her fingertips over her shapely breasts giving out a moan that would rival that of a porn star. An odd wet sensation grew at my legs and I looked down to see the tip of the horse cock drooling a hefty amount of precum onto my thigh and shin. Was it really attached to me? I reached forward tentatively touching the flared tip. I moaned in shock, surprise, and secretly with delight. Why did it feel so good. I wrapped a shaky palm around the flared head and stroked down to the sheath of the cock and back to the head. A thick pearlescent droplet of precum bulbed on the tip and dripped onto my thigh once more making me shiver with the need to cum. I reached another hand forward and a sensation of fear sprang into my chest. What was I doing and how did I get to where I was at. The room faded into darkness and the need to pleasure myself never ceased.