 I woke up to my head throbbing as though someone smacked me with a frying pan the night before. It felt somewhat like what I imagined Usagi felt each time Rei slapped her upside the head for saying something stupid. Honestly it might not be the best to constantly have Anime on the brain. Maybe that is why I had such a strange dream. I opened my eyes blearily and saw myself laying in the same spot I had been when I attempted to study earlier. I couldn't afford to be wasting time taking naps while thinking about this crazy goth bully though. Honestly I was being a space cadet since I broke my laptop, and it wasn't the best timing to be losing my mind.

I turned on my side to get a look at my clock when something heavy hit the edge of the inside of my thigh. Probably the notebook I was working on earlier. I rubbed the sleep free from one eye, still blinking trying to keep myself awake. It showed the numbers three thirty. In the morning!? I groaned as I rubbed a hand at my forehead. There was no way I wasted nearly an entire night of paper writing for a project due in less than ten hours. I grunted as I sat up and the notebook on my lap shifted down onto the bed. The sensation of the sheets rubbing between my thighs, mixed with the weight of the book made my body heat up. I really was sexually charged more than normal, and I could get a good hold on myself to keep it together... but right now I was being driven crazy by something.

I reached my hand forward to pull the sheets and notebook free from between my legs when my fingertips gripped at soft flesh, that oddly I felt like touching sensitive flesh but not my thigh. There was a strange painful tug at my pelvis and I stifled a yelp of pain. I moved my fingertips around and the skin was malleable and soft, I blinked again trying to get my eyes to focus as I ran my fingers along the skin. The feeling was gentle and ticklish, and somehow excitingly pleasurable. My heart began to beat in my chest as I looked toward my legs. A familiar throb made my heart quicken its pace. I shivered as I realized what it was before my eyes could even focus on it. SItting between my smooth thighs was a lengthening horse cock throbbing and dripping pearlescent precum onto my sheets. My mouth began to go dry, and my head began to race. What was happening? Was this another dream? Maybe I was caught up in my imagination and couldn't wake myself up... or something. I practically pleaded with myself to make sure this wasn't real as I ran my fingertips around the width of the cock toward the underside.

A sudden jolt of pleasure made my grit my teeth and stifle a moan with my other hand. I couldn't afford to have my roommates hear anything happening on this side of the door. Not if this was real life. But how could this be? People didn't just grow a dick like this out of the blue... something wasn't right about my world, something was completely off. Maybe I was still sitting at the computer terminal and was imaging seeing what it was I was seeing... I ran my fingers along the underside, my ass clenching out of the pleasure and my toes gripping at the sheets as I rocked forward watching another thick glob of the precum drip from the flared head. I couldn't help but be curious enough that I ran my finger forward and collected a small glob of the liquid onto my index finger. I pressed my thumb together and released watching the liquid string between them. Something animalistic took over my mind as I gently opened my mouth and stuck my finger between my lips sucking the sticky liquid from my digit. My head spun at the musky and salty taste. It was intoxicating.

I pressed my left palm onto the top of the cock holding it against my sheets and I rocked my hips back and forth fucking my sheets while I mindlessly sucked on my fingertip. I shivered as an indescribable pleasing sensation twinged in my stomach as my tool worked against the newly moistened material rubbing against it, and then my mind snapped. What the fuck was I doing? I give a little start as I withdraw my hand from the begging flesh, it looked so delicious and needed me to stroke it... but there was something medically wrong with me! Why was I going to toy around with some crazy new alien appendage on my body because it feels good? That sounds like the start of a horrible X-Files episode or something straight out of a Manga that sits in the AO section of a shop. I shivered and a pain started to well up between my legs that made my breath catch in my throat. I gripped my fingers into my sheets as the pain began to build up even more. There was no way I was going to be this stupid though. I had more self control than some sex obsessed teenager.

I gripped my hands at the edge of my bed and felt a shuddering pain from halting the self abuse. Seriously like a teenage boy claiming that when you stop jerking it you get blue balls. That was all a total - I gritted my teeth as a gut wrenching pain issued from just below the cock. It felt like someone had just kicked me a thousand times in a row, my breath caught in my lungs and the precum leaking tool began to soften as the pain issued in my entire body. It wasn't what I had expected, and now the mood to jerk the tool was slipping quickly away... But then again maybe just a second of toying with it could bring me relief to the hell that was building up inside of me.

With a new reserve I flattened my palm below the flared head of my new body part. I closed my eyes and tried not to think about the heightened stimulation, or the fact that I could feel my speeding heartbeat through the rod between my fingers. I stroked down feeling the flesh shift on my shaft. MY SHAFT. Oh fuck this was so messed up. I moved my hand away and flopped onto my bed biting my pillow. My bare ass up in the sky and the cock awkwardly rubbing on the soft sheets. It felt good, but that growing ache was enough to make my vision go blurry with tears.

"I never thought that a little Horse Cock Lover would be so shy and timid than to actually play with it, but display her cute pink little pussy for me to ravage from behind." The voice rang in my ears. It was so familiar and dug into my head and every fiber of my being. My cock throbbed and quivered, and I realized what I had just done. I accepted the fact that this monstrosity attached to my body was now mine. I had it. It was a part of me, but I was not going to fuck around with it like some idiot drooling for sick pleasure. A horse cock on a girl? What the fuck was up with that. i knew that there was Hentai and odd websites with flash games that had this kind of filth on it, but on my own body? In person? This honestly couldn't' be happening. The rod that was pressing into my soft sheets leaked a little precum as though to remind me that it was still begging to be toyed around with. The bed next to me sank a little as someone sat down next to me.

I opened my eyes and looked over still chewing on my pillow my ass up in the air. The length of the rod made it awkward to avoid it from rubbing into the sheets while in this position, but something about the goth girl sitting on my bed said for me to keep it hidden or she would toy with it or make me play around with it. I needed to get to a doctor and have them fix it. Fuck I wanted to just cum hard to at least get rid of that horrible dull ache nagging at my mind.

"Listen honey. You wanted it, you got turned on by my teasing and you know it." I glared at her and she smiled back moving her fingers gently on the bedsheet and her middle finger touched a part of the flared head, sending stars and fireworks shooting off in my head, "It feels good, and you want to feel good. I bet you will jack this off at least once today, maybe twice. I don't know if you will do it now, but let's make this interesting." The goth leaned close to me and pressed her gentle lips to my ear. Her tongue moved forward licking and teasing it, the sound of her breathing intensified by my heightened erotic state.

I gave out a shuddered moan into my pillow, my breasts swinging below me as I lay in the most vulnerable position begging for some release. Her fingers toyed with the flared head and I felt as more precum slithered onto my sheets, staining them with copious amounts of whatever my body was producing. I couldn't believe this was happening. It had to be a dream still. Wasn't this all a dream?

"Perfect, the enchantment is done." I sat up looking at the goth girl. Enchantment? I looked down at the flared cock head that was slapping against my right bare thigh, precum was oozing onto my skin and it smelled salty and tangy. For some reason my mouth watered, as though I needed to drink from it. There was an odd red patch at the tip of the mammoth throbbing on my leg. It looked like symbols, but slowly faded away so I couldn't inspect them further. I looked up and for the first time the Goth and I shared a moment of staring into the very soul of each other. I understood what she meant and she knew me more than I knew myself.

"What did you do to me?" I asked through gritted teeth. The cock was throbbing and no longer making me feel pain, but instead I was starting to feel an incredible pleasure as the skin rubbed against my leg. I involuntarily shifted to get it to rub a little more feeling the intensity of pleasure roll across my lower half.

"Ah ah, you didn't say the magic word." The goth raised her finger again and stroked my exposed breasts. Pleasure beyond measure erupted through them, each feeling like it was being sucked, licked, touched, kissed, teased, pulled, rubbed, everything I could imagine all pouring on them at once.

"Fuck!" I gritted my teeth as an orgasm pent up but I tried to hold it back. I couldn't cum with this horse cock. I felt that there was something wrong with it.

"Language my little Horse Cock Girl." She moved her hands over my body and everywhere they touched became even more sensitized. I felt like I was on fire ready for sexual explosion. Her fingertips traced their way to my temple on either side and my vision turned white. Pleasure rolled through my entire body and then, I felt nothing. I was aware of myself, but it was like I was floating in a pool of air. No water rolled on my body, no pleasure burned at my core. I was free of feeling all together. I blinked and stared at the whiteness around me. I quickly looked down and saw my body, still with a throbbing horse cock dangling between my legs. The sensation wasn't there anymore however. I could tell it was a part of me by the weight, but it wasn't as intense as before. This was fucked up if you ask me. I moved my arm as if to swim, but I felt nothing with my fingertips and I stayed suspended in the space.

"This is what I have created for you. I blanked a spot in your mind that you will slowly fill with depravity. You are going to become a corrupt animalistic fuck toy. A horny little bimbo with a horse cock, ready to blow load after load. There will be nothing you can do about it. You will want to free yourself from this spell, but sadly I think it wouldn't be fun if I made a way to do that. I have altered your mind and changed your will. You can resist yes, but it doesn't mean you can escape the inevitable." I gritted my teeth, were we really inside my mind right now? I looked around the space and there in the void I saw a little drawing. I tried to focus on it, and as I did so it grew larger. The image that had flashed on my computer that made me turn it off. The picture of the beautiful woman with the cock, but no longer a drawing. A real person. I stared at her in shock as she turned to stare at me. It was like looking into a funhouse mirror. Her face was my own, but different. Her body was so familiar but altered, she had massive breasts, hips that made my own body quiver, and the cock that dripped enthusiastically on the ground. It was me, in a twisted image of what I had seen online.

I turned away from her and saw something else in the space. There was a block. A simple brown block with a white character drawn on it. I focused on it and could barely make out what looked like a video loop of a girl stroking a cock that was attached to herself and cumming all over the ground. The crazy part was after she came her cock went hard again and grew a little bit. She came again, and it grew, and again and it grew. Then the video started over. I shivered and crossed my arms under my bare chest.

I saw another block appear next to it, and on this one there was a sketch of a cross section of a human head. The brain slowly began to fade and left the head empty, I realized that the brain fading went in time with the girl who was masturabating furiously and growing a bigger and bigger cock. It was as if a story was playing out. each time she came, the brain emptied and the cock grew. Another block appeared and it had a girl whose breasts grew in sync with the others actions, and another block that showed a woman's hips expanding, once again in sync with the others. Block after block appeared. Hair color changing blonde, body figure shaping away, ass growing thick and grabbable, until finally there was the final block that appears to be gray instead of brown. 

I leaned forward trying to see it better but I couldn't make out what was on it. It seemed entirely too dull for my eyes to see. I rubbed at them and opened my eyes again and found myself staring deep into the Goth Girl's own tantalizing green gaze.

"What the fuck was that seriously?" I gasped as I felt all the pleasure that was building before I went into that void come back on my ten fold. I nearly orgasmed just at the extreme sensation. I gritted my teeth and forcefully stopped myself from humping my bed with the large cock dangling between my thighs.

"Well, I do need to teach you language young lady." She glared at me, and somehow I felt ashamed of cursing around her, "but for the sake of being nice I will explain a little more. You are my play thing. An object. Nothing more. There isn't a reason behind all this, other than I am bored and saw you looking at weird porn online. Imagine that. If people who watched pornos were changed into the things that they wanked off too. That would be too funny. All those nasty fat bald men that watched girlfriend revenge porn being turned into a pretty teen ready to be fucked. That would make my day." The goth gave out a simple giggle that for some reason made me feel a bit happy inside. Why was I happy that she found converting anyone who watched or looked at something pornographic should be changed into their sexual fantasy?

"Well okay, anyway I got off on a tangent. I saw you looking at that picture, and it was new. Not so new, I have seen stuff like that before. But you seem naive, and innocent enough that corrupting a girl like you with something like this." Her fingers rubbed the underside of the shaft I had been ignoring and i gave out a stifled yelp, that slowly converted into a sexual moan. My body was on fire and I could sense the electricity from each of her fingertips playing with my rod, "corruption runs deep my dear. I have to slowly break your mind until you accept it. Second during our little... let's call it a transformation last night. You were brought into other places I have created, meaning you are connected somehow in some way. I just think that if I am going to really fix this world from the dangers of what lies ahead, and to do that I needed to get all my web woven. You sadly are a point in the map that I need resolved so I can move on to another target. I am really not sorry about all this. Besides isn't a life dedicated to corrupting yourself into depravity more enjoyable than grades and jobs? Honestly you could get enough money from this alone you shouldn't need to work another day in your life. Well, fucking something could be considered work." She released her fingers from my cock and I yelped again. Was all that true was I really going to be corrupted into the strange things I saw in that void in my mind? I could almost sense the truth in her words as she spoke.

I looked up at her and she smiled at me as she stood, "Really though remember what you saw in the void. You can't take back what has been done. The transformation has begun, and there isn't a reverse for it. Trust me, my little Danny is so cute but she has tried a few things to turn herself back into normal. Just a few blocks from here and her life is already so beyond saving. I never would have pinned it on a town like this to have so much... magical energy. I guess it must have been from a little stint I did a few hundred years ago." This girl must have been delusional... but then again so was I believing there was actually a thick juicy... my mind began to drift as I thought about running my fingertips over the begging skin between my legs.

"Who is Danny?" I shivered to ask trying not to focus on my cock that was asking for more attention.

"Oh no one of importance. Not to you at least. Maybe Sarah and Michelle would be a name you recognize but that was a short little piece in the newspaper that the others did a good job of covering up, but they were corrupted by someone else other than me. There are a few in this world who have been broken by something else, and I need to figure out who it is. They stole my Jenni away from me. She was supposed to be mine." She growled and there was something different about the girl on the bed next to me. I couldn't put a finger on it, but something about her seemed different than when I first met her.

"Sorry I got off rambling again. I will see how you are doing next week. Same time, same place?" Suddenly blackness overtook my vision and I got a sense of falling, falling into a deep sleep.