 My stomach lurches as the words pour over me. The girl with the super huge horse cock. This had to be Danny from Reddit. I found her... albeit I was expecting a man not some drop dead gorgeous woman who just hugged me pressing her impressive rack against my own tender buds. I feel confused and lost all at the same time. I open my mouth, and close it, open it again, and close it. I probably look like a fish trying to puzzle something out that I can't quite place a finger on.

"Like come on sweetie, don't be shy." Danny playfully pats my shoulder giving me a reassuring smile. It's like we have known eachother for years, and this is a normal everyday thing for this girl to deal with. Like somehow she finds people who were magically bewitched by crazy goth girls and forcing someone's body to change based on their will and not the owners every day. I pout a second before stirring up the confidence to confront Danny.

"Can you explain to me how you can help me with my... issue?" My breath is a little heavy, making my voice huskier than I meant. Danny stares down at me, her cheeks flushing a little and she opens her mouth a fraction inhaling sharply. Her hand on my shoulder trembles a little. She steps back and begins to fan her face a second. Did I just turn her on?

"I'm sorry... I like..." Danny is now the one at a loss. She leans back against the counter and takes a deep breath closing her eyes and mouths numbers backwards from ten. Her full pouty lips parting and quivering, as if aching to be kissed or sucked on. Her chest swelling with each deep breath she takes. I feel myself growing hornier by the second just staring at the vixen that is Danny. I try to calm myself, my own hands beginning to shake. My erection starting to push into my thigh and tent part of my sweats. I twist awkwardly and look away from the goddess before me, "Okay like, hey what's wrong?"

I look up to see Danny hovering over me staring down with big round blue eyes and pouty lips turned in a concerned expression. How is she so God Damned perfect? I want to stomp my foot metaphorically and storm out because of how attractive she is and how I am... I am like me, "I just don't know... what..." the words elude me. I can't just shout at her explaining that she is giving me an erection and that I want to fuck her beautiful mouth. There are boundaries and I still have a brain I am in complete control over.

"Like, how about we go in back and sit down a minute sweetie?" Danny's voice is so smooth and sultry. It makes the situation at least a little more bearable to have a woman to talk to instead of a horny idiot from the internet pawing at me to get a glimpse of the freakish growth that is now begging for sexual release. How often to dudes jerk off? Because this horse cock swelling against my thigh is asking for attention and that would make it the third time today and it hasn't even been three hours since I left the apartment.

As I step toward the counter the plugs stuffed deep inside of me begin to twist and whirl to life as if they were stagnant before, and somehow this place woke them up. I stagger and nearly trip from the intense pleasure rolling through my hips. Danny reaches down quickly scooping her hand around my back and brushing her arm against my tender and excited breast. I can feel a significant jiggle as her arm pulls me up to steady me. I didn't jiggle yesterday, is this normal for me to jiggle? Danny takes a deep breath again closing her eyes and rolling her head to the ceiling. Thankful that she didn't notice what made me nearly fall over, I lean on her and make my way around the counter grateful for her grace when mine is clearly lacking.

My heart skips a beat as Danny's own heavy and beautiful breasts press against the edge of mine. They are so full and so lovely that I can't help but enjoy the sensation of my sensitive skin brushing against the rougher fabric of my sweater and up against her thick and delicious rack. I bite my cheek. I really do have control of my thoughts, it's the sex addiction that is making me want to look at this goddess walking me around to the back of her ice cream parlor. I wasn't sure anymore if I could even try to hold back the burning erection that was starting to tent my pants with every step we took. 

"Like don't worry sweetie I will get you some water. Mkay?" Danny guides me to a chair in the smaller office in back and steps out the door. I catch a glimpse of her round backside. The frill of her skirt being so short lets me catch a glimpse of her almost non existent panties. They are mostly straps, like the ones girding my own waist. The plug in my sensitive backside twists and heats up reminding me that I was being taken somewhere I had never been taken before and I let out a husky breath. This was exquisite, but too much of anything can be too much and I could tell that I was losing a bit of focus and having a hard time keeping myself in check. It hadn't even been twenty minutes since I last masturbated and now I was already craving another sexual release. Whatever the witch had done, my sexual prowess was definitely affected.

Danny comes flouncing back into the room, her straight golden locks bouncing a bit with each step she takes. The jiggle in her breasts made even more noticeable by the angle I am sitting at, and her hips sashay in that way that can make anyone's mouth water. I bite my cheek again and stare down at the floor. Then the smell of strawberries and bubblegum fills my nose and I see tall strappy heels fill my view. Soft skin brushes against my cheek and I look up to see Danny gingerly touching my chin with her gentle fingertips. She really is a lovely woman.

"Like here honey have some of this water." She smiles at me, her voice soothing and a worried expression marring her overly perfect appearance. I take back my comment about her being a C Class actress, she could be a full blown goddess of hollywood. I smile and take the cup appreciatively sipping on it. The coolness is refreshing and almost calming to my oversexual needs, "So, what is your name sweetheart?"

Danny slowly sinks to the ground so her knees press gently on the ground. She reaches out a hand and places it on my knee reassuringly. The touch of her gentle hand on me stirs my hips a little reminding me of my current state of constant arousal.

"Jillian." I whisper, feeling the pressing need to kiss the woman kneeling before me even stronger than before.

"Jillian." She says the words back tasting each and every letter of my name as if it is completely foreign to her, "Jill-I-An." She says again her full and luscious lips moving around my name making me stir in my chair mimicking the sensation pulling at the head of my overly sized and flared cock, "I will call you Jinny." Danny beams up at me as if this is something she is overly proud of. Jinny? That didn't sound anything like a nickname for Jillian, everyone calls me Jill... but I guess I can't really argue with her I didn't plan on becoming best buddies and running around together going on shopping sprees or road trips. I smile down at her warmly hoping I could mask my confusion.

"That sounds great Danny." I can't help but stare at her large and knowing eyes. They are so beautiful. How on earth did she get to be like this and I was stuck with this nasty thing now begging for me to jerk it off right here in front of this goddess?

"Like Jinny, I want to tell you a story." Danny bites her full lower lips making my mouth quiver. I want to bite that lip too... "I can't say too much because mother has like made it hard to remember. I wasn't always like totally perfect. I used to be ugly and sad. One day the sisters took me in and made me like the way I am, and now I am rainbows and butterflies on the inside. I have secrets, but I can't like tell everyone about them ya know?" She tilts her head to the side as if any of this was supposed to make sense to me. I smile at her as if I understood, and nod slowly.

"Oh goody, so like I have a cock too wanna see?" Danny pops up from the ground and I can't help but gape at her. She doesn't have a penis. That is ridiculous. Her dress is the tiniest thing and I saw her next to nothing thong that was gently wrapped around her.

"Danny, I..." I trail off as her panties drop to the ground and she steps out of them expertly. Honestly I am surprised that you can call a triangle of fabric that is almost entirely see through with some lacy straps attached panties, but they looked cute and did a good enough job of hiding her assets if she really did have one.

And to my surprise did she have one. Swinging out below the hem of her flouncy skirt was the head of a steadily growing erection. It slowly began to rise with each heartbeat that pounded through her body, and my own was beginning to pulse in the same rhythm.

"Like I will let you see mine, if I can see yours." Danny tilts her head to the side, her mouth slightly agape as she inhales sharply from her growing arousal. I can't help but stiffen at the prospect, but my own erection was steadily growing inch after aching inch. My hands were shaking and my mouth began to grow dry. This couldn't really be happening could it? I wasn't going to strip off my bottoms and show Danny the thing between my legs was I? I slowly stood up, my heart pounding in my ears. I wrap my fingers around the hem of my sweats and pull them down around my thighs exposing the lengthening member now swingingly freely near my knees. I take another sharp breath. This really couldn't be happening.

Danny's mouth drops open in shock and surprise. Her own penis could be about eight or nine inches in length, but compared to the monster hanging from my hips it looked so feminine and tiny. Almost cute for lack of a better word, "Can... Can I touch it?" Her bubbly voice almost a whisper in awe. I look down at my flared and mottled tip of the growing erection and back to her perfectly manicured nails. Then I remembered the sensation of her gentle hand brushing my chin and how sweet it felt. It couldn't hurt to have her touch it could it? I nod slowly inviting her to touch my steadily throbbing erection that was beginning to bead a rivulet of precum on the large head.

Her hand move achingly slow toward the middle of the shaft pouring out of my hips. Her skin is so milky white compared to the deep and dark color of the cock swinging between my legs. Her color of course is tan (albeit fake tan), but the flesh I now had was dark and seductive. Much darker than the rest of my body. It was so alien and foreign but so intense at the same time to have the scene being played out before me. Just as the thoughts of what her skin would look like uncovered began to twinge at the back of my head, her fingertips collide with the middle of my hard and lengthy erection. I stiffen as pleasure rolls through my tender backside. The plugs stuffing me feel like they have gone deeper and are both twisting in opposite directions pushing me to writhe with pleasure.

Danny smiles up at me, "I bet this like feels so good doesn't it." Danny gently glides her fingertips down the length of my shaft and stops at the flared tip. The trail she made on my hard and stiffened cock sends a shiver of pleasure up my spine and my mind begins to fog with sexual need. I can't believe I am doing this, I thought she was going to help me get this fixed not play with my body! Somehow I can't manage to move though, I stay rooted to the spot as if the fingertips tracing my wanting and needing flesh were magically holding me down. The plugs shift and begin to pulsate vibrations, making my flared head lift at Danny's touch. The ministrations of the panties I was forced to wear seemed to only egg Danny on.

She slowly sinks to her knees in front of me. Her full lips inches from my stiffened and aching erection. I can't help but look into her beautiful blue gorgeous eyes. I could get lost in them forever. She opens her mouth gingerly and licks her tongue forward, flattening it on the flared tip of my achingly hard cock. Pleasure erupts through me. Her warm and wet tongue so delicious feeling on the tip of my wanting body. I shiver and let out a gasp of pleasure.

"I told you that you would end up liking it." A voice comes from over my shoulder. I practically jump and look to see no one there. The voice sounded familiar, but I wasn't sure if I had actually heard it. Danny moves her fingertips along my hard length down to the root and wraps her fingers expertly around the sheath of my cock. Sheath... people don't have sheaths. I can't believe that i have a nasty horse cock dribbling precum on the most delicious mouth I had ever laid my eyes on.

"That's right just cum in her mouth." The voice whispers over my other shoulder and I look again expecting to see the girl standing there laughing at me as Danny pumps her hand forward making me moan in pleasure. I quickly slap a palm over my mouth with embarrassment. What if someone walked into the store right when I moaned out like that? What if people hear us? What if someone saw me jerking off in the ally earlier? I can't believe I was doing any of this, it was so wrong but felt so good. It was like I had lost control over my inhibition and was just brazenly wandering around like an idiot wanking off in public for everyone to see. That damned picture on that website has burned me... I just hope I can get out of this. 

I look down at Danny who slowly draws her hand backward along my aching flesh. I can't help but buck my hips a little under the intense pleasure and pressure building on me. It was so alien and yet so delicious. My cock pushes against her lips and she smiles up at me around the stiff member. As if I coaxed her she opens her mouth and glides the head of my thick cock between her succulent lips. I groan in ecstasy covering my mouth with my other hand as I am slowly pulled into her sucking lips. No one needs to hear me, no one needs to hear me. I try to repeat the mantra to myself as Danny cups my balls with one hand giving them a gentle and tender squeeze taking in another inch of my huge erection. Her other hand is holding the center of my shaft. It looks so comical having at least eighteen inches of thick horse cock bulging from my pelvis, but the sensation of pleasure stifles any giggles I would give out at the image in my head.

I groan into my fingertips biting on the pads as she pulls her mouth off my length. She smiles back up at me, a little bit of spit on the corner of her lips. It was odd, the lip gloss didn't seem to smear or wipe off on my hard erection, "Like you taste so yummy!" I feel another twinge of pleasure but before I can register her mouth is sucking me in again like someone who hasn't eaten in months. I bite down on my fingertips, making my eyes water a little as she continues her lovely ministrations on my wanting flesh.

I reach back my other hand and grab at the chair I was once sitting in to steady myself as the dildo shoved in my ass begins to pump up and down, a different sensation than I had expected to feel. The pleasure rolling through the head of my cock with Danny's mouth and the forbidden pleasure rolling through my ass was almost too much. I spread my legs to steady myself, but Danny doesn't even seem to notice. She just continues her ass with her expert lips brushing, rubbing, and touching me in every way dragging me over a cliffside to oblivion with obvious lust. I groan into my fingertips my voice almost high pitched. It sounded a little like a porno moan. The fake kind that everyone knows is for show, but this was entirely involuntary. It was as if i was being pulled apart at the seams and couldn't put myself back together.

The pumping dildo in my backside pushes deeper with each thrust. I want to look back at it and see how it is doing that to my body but just can't take my eyes off the gorgeous platinum goddess taking my body into her expert mouth. She opens her jaws and sucks more of my length in pumping her first towards her gaping lips and I close my eyes. I can't handle it anymore. I let go of everything holding me back and fall into unholy lust and pleasure.

I topple from the cliffside into the sea of pure bliss that is an orgasm. My balls churn hungrily between Danny's slender manicured fingers and my cock lurches rope after rope of cum. Her eyes widen, but not from surprise it must be from appreciation? I am not sure and I don't really care, just as long as the sensation of my asshole getting pounded and my cock being suckled on doesn't stop. I groan as my body slowly pulls back from the edge of oblivion. Realizing where I am at and what I am really doing. Danny's mouth still sucking on my flesh begins to tenderize the diminishing meat even further making me bite my finger again. It is a little too much to have her still sucking on my erection after such a heavy eruption like that. I reach a hand forward and brush some of her hair from her face and she looks up at me, the audible pop of my penis leaving her lips echoes in the small space we used for our little... frolic.

"That was like so delicious and yummy. I love cock." Danny is clearly stroking herself and licking her lips. I shimmy up my sweats to cover my own penis, but the way the panties pushes it forward doesn't help to actually cover it up, in all honesty it almost makes it more noticeable. I watch as Danny spreads her knees on the floor eagerly stroking her own cock. I sink down next to her and reach out a hand and touch her wrist. She stops and looks up at me and smiles, "Like want to taste it? I taste a little sweeter than you."

"Um... no thanks I just thought I could help." I don't know what overcomes me, but I am a little tempted to touch her body. It must be because I feel like I owe it to her for giving me the sexual release I just had. I smooth my palm over the top of her stiff cock and gasp as it throbs under my fingertips. Danny's eyes look into mine hungrily and she pumps her hips forward, begging me to go on. I have come this far, might as well just finish.

I wrap my fingers around her mushroomed head and stroke up and down along her shaft. It is already lubricated, and I assume it is from Danny's own hurried masturbation after sucking on my own stiff shaft. It's odd but the sensation of the slick skin between my fingers is enticing, and exciting at the same time. I know that if I hadn't just orgasmed I would want to stroke myself against her. Frotting? I think I have heard the term before, but I'm not really sure.

Danny lets out a gasp as I stroke up and down quicker, feeling her body accept my invasion. My hand working like a blur. I want to see her cum, I want to hear her moan. I should stop. I want to stop, but somehow I just don't have the inhibition to make my hand relent on its stroking. I can't believe I am doing this to someone! I am not an idiot, I go to school, I am studying to have a future, I shouldn't be sitting in an ice-cream parlor masturbating some crazy transexual. I shouldn't have a horse cock swinging between my legs either. I groan as the realization of everything hits me, but Danny's own moans overpower mine as she cums hard into the palm of my hand, along my arm, all over my sweats, and my shirt. Rope after rope of heavy bubblegum and strawberry smelling orgasm sprays all over my body, sticking into my hair and my chin. I can't seem to let go, but Danny also can't seem to stop orgasming. Her cum pouring out of her like a fountain and coating me in the process.

Finally her cock subsides and I release my gentle grip on it and look back into her eyes. She is smiling at me, and then there is a twinge of fear in her eye, "I like ruined your clothes... I don't have any to spare." She frowns down at her own outfit as if thinking that I could fit into it. I hold up my sticky palm as if to tell her it's okay, but the smell of her cum makes me want to like my hand. I slowly raise my fingertips to my lips and suck on them gently. She tastes incredibly sweet. I have never had anything like it before in my life. I greedily lick my palm clean and wipe at my chin collecting whatever deposit is on it. Danny giggles and scoots towards me, her lips meeting my neck as she sucks and licks at my skin. I close my eyes and remove my fingers away from my mouth feeling my cheeks flush warm.
