 Then the burning sensation ensues. The pleasure mixed with pain that reminds me that I had just succumbed to what the goth girl said I would. I fell into her trap and fell for this Danny... this Goddess and hot mess Danny. I can't believe we just did that in the back room of a public place. That makes it two different times I have done something in public without a second thought. I'm acting so stupid right now and I can't believe I am falling for this trap hook, line, and sinker.

The burning continues and I watch in fascination, realizing at the same moment that the plugs stuffing my eager holes begin to shift and push deeper and deeper making my skin flush and my hands begin to shake. They were a constant reminder that I was being forced into something I didn't want to be. To my surprise my chest finally stops, but looks at least a cup or a cup and a half bigger making it hard to see my stomach and thighs past them. I have never had that large of a chest, honestly i was pretty flat chested and having my body shift and change to what it was now... was a little erotic. The burning doesn't subside though, it moves down my body to my ribs and waist and I feel like I am being pulled apart.

Pain erupts through me making me grit my teeth, as I fall forward flattening my hands on the floor below me, hoping the sensation will end. It feels like an eternity. My body being rent in two by some unknown force tugging, pulling, and burning all at the same time. And just as quickly as it started, the pain stops... but the sensation of shifts and changes doesn't it continues downward and my tender but willing ass begins to burn and I pinch my eyes shut as the eruption of pain pulls through me.

I let out a stifled gasp as it continues to tug and pull at me like my midsection... like someone is grabbing every inch of my skin at once and ripping at it. Like as a child we all play the game where you grab someone's forearm and twist your hands in opposite directions just to see their reaction as their skin burns. The pulsating plug in my ass begins to pound up and down deeper and deeper, gritting my teeth and pinch my eyes shut trying not to focus on the intruder. It feels so painful, my skin inexplicably on fire while my asshole is being stretched painfully by this plug to the point that I think I will break any second now... but slowly the pain subsides and is quickly followed by an intense pleasure.

I open my eyes in shock and look back over my shoulder as if I could see what was making my tender little hole feel so good. Of course nothing or no one was there, just the skin tight panties with plugs pushing in and out of my body. The one in my pussy feels incredible yes, but for some reason the one shoving into my asshole is feeling even better. I let out a moan and can't help but push my hips back accepting the anal intrusion. It feels... it feels better than what I ever imaged sex to feel like. Masturbating this thick horse cock is half the pleasure than what I am currently feeling in my asshole. I moan again and lift one hand from the floor to tweak and play with my now erect and oversized nipple. I let out another guttural moan. This pleasure is so much more than I had expected.

I sit back on my heels, shifting my hips in time with the thumping anal intruder willing it to go deeper. My cock painfully pulling tight at my sweats as my body pushes into them. Then there are gentle and skilled fingers pulling at the hem of my pants tugging them down. I open my eyes for a fleeting second to see Danny, breathing heavy watching me through hooded eyes. I oblige and move to let her pull my sweats off. As I put my ass on the ground, the invading plug goes deeper making me moan. I release my relenting hold on my nipple and run my fingers through my hair. I push both my feet forward into Danny's lap as she tugs my shoes, socks, and sweats off. I am naked except for this little tiny near nothing lace that is fucking my backside and pussy like a pro.

I curl my toes in her lap instinctively from the hard anal pounding I am receiving. It feels so incredible, I can't believe that my ass feels ten maybe even twenty times better than my pussy could ever dream of. I feel something hard and open my eyes to see Danny's erect cock between my left foot's toes. I curl them tightly against the backside of her stiff member and her breath draws short. I move my other foot closer and place it gently on the opposite side. If I am going to feel incredible being fucked by something she can't see, at least I can make her feel good in the process right? No... no no no this is so wrong what am I doing? I need to get dressed I need to find a cure... I need... I need...

As if on queue Danny bucks her hips forward between my pressing feet. I feel my breath catch and my cheeks flush. The stiff and firm member gliding between my instep leaving behind a sticky trail of precum between my gently gripped feet. She thrusts again, and again. The plug stuffing my backside shifts and starts to pump in time with Danny's new ministrations. I grit my teeth and suck inward between them. This is hot. Danny looks up at me and smiles. She grabs my ankles holding them tight, and starts to pump away between my feet like I am on a porn site. I feel my own cock twitching excitedly with each thrust I receive. I wiggle my hips on back and forth on the ground, as if i was begging the anal plug to dig deeper. Oddly enough it complies in some fashion and I feel it pushing against my insides causing me to gasp out in immense pleasure. 

My moans are enough to set Danny off. He cock lurches between my feet, liberally splattering my thighs, calves, and ankles in her hot cream. I moan as my own cock stiffens. Perfectly on queue with Danny's orgasm my own racks my body. I tilt my head back, feeling my hair cascade down my naked back and close my eyes groaning in ecstasy as the plug digs the deepest it has gone yet in my full backside. I feel my balls churn and my cock pump but I am lost in the sea of pleasure. Lost in whatever this bliss I newly discovered as anal pleasure. My body is reborn as I realize I just came from nothing else but anal penetration. Does that make me disgusting? I open my eyes and look at Danny who is sprawled out on the ground, her hair a sea of platinum waves crashing over her body and floor in a heaping mess. She is panting, and her clothing is covered in sticky cum. I move my feet away from her lap and look down at my own cum covered self.

The immense pain rises as my chest begins to swell again, and to my surprise my hips begin to gently flare out in time with the thumping of my heart. My body shifts and swells in places I never imaged it could. My slender thighs thickening just a little bit, my hands and arms smoothing... my entire self changing just a little bit to match what the witch intended me to look like. I cover my mouth and moan in pain and pleasure as the changes pull at my entire body.

"I told you that you couldn't stay away from it all." I hear a familiar voice say over my shoulder. I turn to look to only find no one there. I turn back and see Danny getting to her feet.

"Like I totally would love to stay here fucking you all day, but like you said you had a problem and I know the place you can go for help." Danny smiles down at me with her bright white toothed smile. I feel my cheeks flush again.

"I didn't..." I trail off thinking of a way to apologize to this woman. How could I let myself go enough to just assault her and toy around in her back office without even a second thought.

"Oh don't worry sweetie, I love getting a good footjob. You are sexy as hell, and watching your cute little boobies become womanly tits has been even more exciting." She gestures towards me as she steps over to a cabinet next to the manager's desk. I look down at my body and realize she is right. I used to have a smaller cup size... but now I looked like I had a chest that could rival some of the playboy models. I shiver trying to cover myself with my arm, but the plug thumping my backside still hasn't relented it's pressure only making me squirm in a strange array of pleasure.

Danny comes over to me dropping a moist towelette. She holds up the packaging so I can see it is a baby wipe, "I have used these so many times from jerking off here. The manager doesn't mind but they like the mess gone when my shift is over." She smiles at me as she begins to try and salvage her clothing with the towelette. I comply and wipe the sweet smelling seed from my legs and arms. I have to stifle another moan as I wipe the remains of cum from my chest, neck, abs, and heavy horse cock. When I am satisfied with my cleanliness I stand on shaky feet still completely nude.

"Like do you have some more clothes?" Danny asks tilting her head to the side. I love how she does that... it makes me want to just pull her in for a tight kiss. I shut my eyes briefly and take a deep breath. I do have something but nothing I want to wear Danny... I think to myself but can't bring myself to say outloud.

"Yes..." I say hesitantly and Danny beams back at me. She sashays around the room wiping up here or there, bending over and giving me a perfect view of her perfectly shaped fuckable pussy. I bite my lip and turn my attention to the bag on the ground with the remaining objects of clothing. I couldn't really call it clothing based on how miniscule it was when I pulled it out of the bag... but I didn't have another choice besides walking around in cum soaked sweats or completely naked. Either of those would be completely unacceptable and I am sure that someone would stop me and either get me in trouble... or something worse would happen and my body would comply even though I wouldn't really want to. I shiver at the idea of being forced into something that would feel so good but so wrong at the same time.

I hesitantly unzip the zipper to the bag and pull out the phone and charger and set them to the side and withdraw the little black dress. Honestly it can't really be called that, it will barely cover my skin and from what I could tell there were large missing stripes on both sides that would give people an idea of what I would look like naked. This wasn't really an evening gown, or a nice dress.. It was a fuck me club dress with the tall stiletto heels... and fishnets? I didn't see the fishnets in here before.

"Like oh my gawd!" Danny squeals from beside me, "How come you aren't wearing this cute little thing honey?" Like that Danny is scooping the dress from my wary fingers. I glance back to see her holding it up and admiring it. Then she squeals again clapping her hands, "And those shoes are to die for. Sweetie you'll look drop dead gorgeous in this. Let's play dress up!" She sings at me sashaying to the other side of the room with the dress and heels. I look back at the fishnet leggings. If I was going to wear it I might as well do it all right? I shrug grabbing the last piece of clothing and see a note at the bottom of the bag. I hesitantly pick it up and read the simple yet elegant handwriting.

I own you.

There are no other words anywhere on the card and my heart begins to race. I swallow and drop the card back in the bag. I step into the leggings and draw them up my body. They do look really good on me, slutty, but good. Especially with these erratic changes to my body that the witch was inducing with orgasms. I gritted my teeth trying not to think about the alterations she has already made thus far. I walk to Danny who is biting her lip staring at me wearing the skimpy lace thong that is easily stuffing my holes with plugs and my thigh high fishnets. She shakes her head and looks up at the ceiling taking a deep breath, "Okay sexy let's get this little number on you." She holds it out and I oblige stepping into it awkwardly. Danny's hands are gentle and ensuring as I make my way into the skimpy material. She works at the zipper in the back for a second and I feel my breasts being hugged by the tighter top. They push together and with more coaxing, Danny manages to zip the dress all the way forcing my breasts to pop up from the top like a vixen at a nightclub.

I turn to face Danny who's face drops and flushes slightly before a smile cracks the corners of her plump lips, "You like look so drop dead gorgeous. If you were wearing this when I met you I don't think I could have waited to toy around in the back room, we would have fucked in the window." Danny smiles and I grimace a smile back at her. That makes this dress even sluttier than I thought. She bends down and helps me step into the seven or eight inch heels. I am not sure all I know is I feel like I am going to fall forward flat on my face from how tall these things are. Honestly I don't mind heals, but these are crazy to try and walk around in. Why do girls like these things to be so tall anyway?

"I have one more thing I can do to help, a little bit of makeup." Danny dashes from the room expertly on her own high heels and I get a beautiful view of her shapely legs and a little touch of her uncovered ass and pussy. Oh... that is why they wear them so tall. Either that or with a short enough dress-

I stop my errant thought trying to drag myself back into the moment. I am dressed like a slutty nightclubbing bimbo, with a horse cock flaring out the tiny dress in front of me. I had to find a way to hide that or I was going to be in even bigger trouble. Just as I was admiring myself Danny was back holding a roll of tape and some lace, "Like I saw your panties and figured you didn't want to take them off. They are like stuffing your holes so good that I bet it would suck to take them off, so here is something to help hold that beautiful horse cock you have." She giggles and waltzes over to me holding her tape and string in hand. If she was going to be handling my goods, I was going to fall back into a sexual need and that wasn't going to help fix my problem.

She steps behind me and places her fingers expertly on the inside of my thighs forcing them apart as far as the dress I was wearing would allow, which to say isn't that much. She gently grabs the shaft of my semi flaccid cock and drags it back between my legs. The sensation of my balls being thrust forward and my cock being pulled back is a little painful and catches my by surprise making me gasp and a sick knot forming in my stomach. Danny doesn't slow her assault however, she just continues to drag the length back up against my ass and I can feel the gentle vibrations of the plug stuffing my backside twisting and turning and thrumming on the flared tip of my sensitive cock.

Then I feel a gentle tugging of something against it and Danny has her hands up my skirt tying the string into a knot at the front of my pelvis. My cock is uncomfortably pressed against my ass, and even when I start to grow a little aroused it tugs against the string but won't budge from its spot, making it a little painful, but at the same time a little bit of a relief. Danny loops the string back a few times and then I hear the tape unroll as she places it gingerly along the edges of the cock and against my bare skin of my ass.

I bite my teeth and close my eyes, trying not to focus on all the sensations I am feeling at once. This is almost too much for me to handle, but I could already tell it was helping me not sport an erection at the first thought that crossed my mind. I could sense a gentle tugging against the string around my waist, my cock pumps a little bit of precum against my fleshy backside, and then ends it's normal parade. When Danny is finished she adjusts my skirt back down and steps back in front of me.

"Like that should help for a little bit, but they make some cuter clothing for cross dressers you could totally use that wouldn't look so... BDSM like." She tilts her head to the side and rubs a hand at my pelvis. I know that she is checking the knots that she tied, but having her hand trail down my hips and touching me makes my heart race and I breath sharply through my gritted teeth. Danny looks up at me and smiles, "It will work though!" She sounds so chipper and pleased with her handy work. She turns to leave but grabs my cum soaked clothing.

"I am going to put all this back in your bag." I nod and take a few steps around the room getting used to the odd tugging sensation between my legs where my member was being forced to stay by tape and string. Honestly this is the craziest day of my life, I can't believe it has come this far. Danny walks back over to me holding a new bag and my phone in her hand, "So like this isn't the same backpack you were using... it looks a little different. Maybe I lost it let me take a look." The bag is small and leather with a simple strap to go over a shoulder. There are signature spikes along the edges that remind me of the goth girl and I grit my teeth. I reach out and take the bag and my phone and unlock it to find a message waiting for me.

I know a backpack would make this getup look awful, and you are the queen of bad taste. I included a few fun things for you inside. Don't worry your cum soaked clothes can join the ride, that musky smell has to attract people in some way right? Enjoy sweetheart. I. Own. You.

I feel my heart skip a beat as I look back at the bag and back at the phone. I had to get Danny to help me fix my problem or I was going to fall down a dark path and never return.