 Danny walks over to the corner of the room and starts rummaging through some of the objects in boxes as if it had fallen in a box when we left it sitting in the middle of the room. I shake my head and stare after her. If there is one thing about the curse that hasn't affected me, it is my mind. I still had full control of my brain, though I couldn't control my body at times when there was a sexual pull... but other than that I was in control of myself and didn't lose my IQ like that witch had claimed I would, "Danny it's okay, this is my bag." I say looking down at the leather object between my fingers. I didn't want to look inside in case something else decided to latch itself to me and force me to go even more crazy. Danny turns back to face me and puts a finger to the corner of her plump lips. She tilts her head quizzically... that vapid sexy bimbo. I could just kiss that mouth and taste her delicious tongue. I shiver trying to push the thought down.

"Like I could have sworn you had this ugly backpack, that is a cute and sexy purse." I still looks at me as if I was supposed to agree that I had no taste. I shake my head.

"No this really is it." Danny shrugs and walks back over opening the bag and looking inside of it squeals excitedly and jumps back snatching the bag from me. I practically jump from shock at her sudden outburst and teeter a little on the tall heels I was strapped into.

"Like makeup time now sweetie!" Danny pounces on me, pushing me toward a chair in the room. When I sit, I feel the way my cock is uncomfortably pushed between my cheeks by tape and string and give out a little moan as the vibrations from my stuffed asshole purr with delight at the pressure. I squirm a little but Danny keeps a hand on my shoulder as if telling me to stay put. I oblige as she rummages in the purse and sets it on the desk beside us. She withdraws an array of brushes and swatches full of a variety of pinks, blues, purples, and extreme shades of color. There were normal flesh tones as well, which she was using liberally on the brushes, "Close your eyes." Danny instructs and I do as she asks.

She works rapidly and furiously. Brushing here, tugging there, pulling my skin here, plucking my eyebrows there... it is all very painful and at the same time arousing. It must be her scent that she gives off, or the fact that I am sitting on a thick horse cock that has vibrations pulsating through it from the ass plug I was being forced to wear by a crazy witch that cursed me. Either way, sitting here with her hands working at my skin like I was a doll was a little exciting.

Danny grabs my shoulder and spins me, and I open my eyes to find myself staring at the blinds to the little room. Then her hands start to attack my hair. Tugging and pulling at it and pushing it into a pile on top of my head. She brushes hard and I assume some of the snags she is reaching is either from our sexual activities, or from cum that made it between my strands. A few wisps of my hair fall in front of my face and I am shocked to see a cute strawberry blonde color. I reach up my hands and pull some more of my hair in front of my face. My entire head was covered in strawberry blonde. I felt my heart sink and I go to move from the chair, but Danny quickly pushes both hands on my shoulders stilling me. I grimace as she continues her rough assault on my hair.

She grabs my temples and makes me lean my head back over the chair and I can feel how long my hair is, this must all be part of the curse the witch has given me. Long strawberry blonde hair, a crazy sexual desire, bigger breasts, my body becoming voluptuous instead of just skinny, a thick horse cock shoved between my ass, and to top it off I think the pleasure that I get from anal sex is even better than any other sex I could have had. Either way, this woman was ruining everything I used to stand for with the simple wave of a hand after I saw some stupid picture on the internet.

I close my eyes and just relax as all the snags are finally pulled out of my hair and Danny works the brush through like magic. She has a way with self-grooming that it surprises me how little I actually know. I sense some heat and try to turn my head to see what she is doing, but she firmly grabs the top of my head sucking her teeth as if to tell me to stop moving and I continue staring into the backs of my eyelids. It is a little relaxing to be here, sitting in a room having another woman groom me. I am not sure what Danny has in store for me to get fixed, but I am sure that no matter what it is I will be glad that she was there to hold my hand through some of the crazy that is my life now.

After what feels like an eternity Danny grabs the chair and spins me back around. My hair feels light and fluffy, a first in its life if I do say so myself. She holds a brush back up to my eyes and gets to work on some more makeup, probably some finishing touches after her assault on my eyebrows and other parts of my skin. I feel a little weighed down with the stuff she is putting on my face, but at the same time it is a little exciting almost like a shield protecting me from the world. I am not sure how to explain the feeling of having this much makeup on... at least I assume she is caking a ton on my face by the way the brush flounces on my skin here or there.

"Open up your eyes." Danny instructs, her bubbly voice smooth and flowing. I do as she commands and she is holding a lash curler in her fingers. I hate these things. They are like little torture devices made from Satan himself to make girls cry for hours in end in the bathroom, but just like that Danny has already plumped and fluffed my lashes and is stowing the tool away. I watch in fascination at how easily she maneuvers through the bag of makeup equipment and how excited she gets at each little thing like it is Christmas day, "You have like all the greatest stuff in here. Why don't you wear more of this makeup?" Danny asks as she powders my cheeks with a little blush. I feel my skin grow warm at the thought of never taking care of myself. I wanted to tell her I was broke and never could afford anything like this, or that I was being forced into all of this by a witch... but honestly it is because I didn't think that I had a lot to share with the world and I didn't want people to notice me. I don't say anything and Danny takes that as a sore subject as she moves back to my hair fluffing and brushing it here or there. A bang swoops overtop my vision, and I see that it isn't just strawberry blonde but has very vibrant pinks flowing through it in large streaks. The blonde itself is very light, and the wave of a part that Danny has made for me is huge.

"Okay time for the big reveal." Danny swoops down and snags my phone from my hands and turns on the camera, "Give me a cute peace sign and stick out your tongue!" Danny instructs, and instinctively I do so. She takes a few photos turning this way and that, like I am a fashion model and this was her pet project. I can't help but giggle when she does and Danny keeps snapping photos of me. She leans down and places her chin on my shoulder and turns the camera front facing and I see my own reflection looking back at me, though I can only tell it is me because there are only the two of us in the room. My hair is teased and layered making the pink streaks even more pronounced. My eyes are coated in a dark eye liner with swooping cat tails at the ends. I can tell that she put work into my makeup contouring my face, but it doesn't look heavily caked on it just looks like my skin is smoother and more gentle to the touch. I can't help but put a hand up to my lips covering my startled expression and Danny winks an eye and sticks out her tongue snagging a perfect photo of the pair of us. My heart sinks. I was never some vapid party girl, but I looked the part... And something fierce.

Danny hands me the phone and moves back in front of me smiling down holding out lip gloss, "I think that this will go perfect with your sexy little getup girl." She puts a hand on her hip and ushers the lip gloss into my other free hand. I nod and do as commanded placing it gently on my lips and realizing just how sensitive they have gotten, and based on the photo they are much larger than before. When I am finished she opens up the purse that smells heavily of sex and cum and deposits the lip gloss into the makeup bag. She pushes a few items around inside and I see the backcomb, the straightener, and a few other things that she smiles at when she touches. I am not sure what all has been stored into that bag, but I am sure the goth girl is having a field day with it all and by the smiles and giggles that Danny is giving off she full well knows what it is all used for and what kind of sick pleasure it would bring.

She hands me the purse and motions for me to stand up. I roll my eyes and stand. This entire situation is getting out of hand. Almost forgetting I was in such tall heels I teeter for a moment and regain my balance. I give a reassuring smile to Danny who waltzes over to the door and closes it. In that moment I realize that all of our sexual ministrations earlier were on full display to anyone who had a clear view through the doorway. We didn't even bother to close or lock it behind us. Did we? I could have sworn we did, but there behind it was a full body mirror and a poster of some motivational garbage that all corporations try to shove down your throat about teamwork, and togetherness. Synergy. Either way I walked forward gently on the heels trying to learn the new calibration to the steep incline and the height it pushed me into.

And there staring back at me from the body mirror was a gorgeous pink headed alternative girl. Complete with cat makeup, and ratted hair. I twisted to the side a little to see the gashes down the side of the clubbing dress that exposed just the perfect amount of skin to make me alluring, but not enough to make me a super slut. The length of the dress was enough to do that for me. Having my shoulders bare and my heavy and newly expanded cleavage squeezed into this tight top made the dress even more form fitting and drop dead sexy. As I turn and look at myself over my shoulder I am surprised to find that my ass fills out the back of the dress just as good as my breasts. Round and perfect like I have been doing squats and yoga my whole life. I can't help but move my hand to my hip and touch it as I look over my shoulder at myself.

I turn back around and stare into the image of what is now me and am surprised that there is no evidence of the cock that is being tucked eagerly between my ass cheeks and held in place by string and tape. I lift the hem of the dress a little higher to see if it shows at all but luckily the way my balls are being pushed with the cock between them it almost looks like a mound. If I can use the word almost. Hopefully where we are going no one will try anything that could tell them otherwise.

I shift a little uncomfortably on my feet from the dildo's shifting and changing their vibration patterns. It's like they are keeping me on my toes for how strong or weak the vibrations would be along with how often they do it. Perpetually keeping me horny, I grit my teeth and drop the hem of the dress back down and stare at my shapely legs that were being hugged by the sexiest pair of fishnet stockings. I really was hot. Shocking that all of this happened to me over less than a twenty-four-hour period, but at the same time could I really be that upset with how good I looked?

"Like you are so freaking hawt girl!" Danny coos next to me draping her arms over my shoulders and pulling me in for a warm hug. Her heavy breasts pushing into my back. So soft and warm and I can't help but lean my head back and kiss her on the cheek.

"Thank you Danny," I try and hold back any edge in my voice. I do look nice yes, but I want to make sure I keep myself together and getting lost in a sexual rut with Danny wasn't going to help me out anytime soon, "You said you knew somewhere that could help me fix my problem?" I shift from foot to foot trying to assuage my body from springing out of the trap that Danny fixed for my massive horse cock and step toward the door.

"Like, totally." Danny claps her hands and follows me out. We step into the empty ice cream parlor and there is someone manning the register. I feel my heart skip a beat as I see the back of someone wearing all black. She turns and I let out a relieved sigh. It wasn't the witch that cursed me. She gives us both a smile and turns back to her phone. Then my stomach clenches. There was someone else working the register. There was another person in here while we... while we did that! I can't believe any of this, and the girl sitting there just seems so casual about it with her hoodie pulled over her hair. She has holes cut near the cuff of the sleeve where her thumbs slip through either to keep her hands warm, or to keep the sleeves longer covering arms... or just because she is making a fashion statement about it. Either way she puts her phone down on the counter and looks me over before giving me a smile.

"Hey, Danny brought another one of you over?" She looks at Danny and gives her a thumbs up.

"Oh, like no she isn't part of the sorority she just wanted some help with something." Danny blushes a little and looks at me quickly before walked toward her co-worker. She bends down and whispers something and the girl sitting at the counter flushes a bright red and picks up her phone quickly and starts typing eagerly to someone.

I go to walk forward when the girl quickly snaps a photo of me and I stand there a little taken aback, "Did... did you just take my picture?" I ask with a little hesitation at the girl's sudden intrusion. The girl looks at me as if she had no more fucks to give about life. I can't help but stop staring at her so incredulously and she gets back to typing on her phone. Danny stands patiently bouncing a little on her heels looking around the room. The girl in the hoodie holds up a finger and then points down. Danny follows her command and drops to the ground with her knees tightly pressed together. The girl nods, and then she raises a finger to me and does the same. I am not going to listen to some brat who can't even take her eyes off her phone for a few seconds to actually talk to me.

She looks up from her phone angrily and puts it down on the counter, "On your knees whore." The girl commands, but I just stare at her. She tilts her head to the side and smiles a wolfish grin, "Like it's so super sexy if you fall to your knees." She mimics the airheaded bimbo voice of Danny, but I just continue to stare.

"Like come on it's so super fun." Danny whispers next to me tugging at the edge of my tight dress and looking down at the ground trying to coax me to follow command with her sexy eyes. I look back at the girl who is staring at me quizzically.

"That's it bitch. On the ground or I will share this lewd video of you online." The girl takes her phone from the counter and presses a few buttons until the sound of heavy breathing and moaning fills the parlor. She turns the screen toward me and I am faced with a gut wrenching image of Danny sucking and teasing my gigantic horse cock, and in the video I can see my hair actually changing color as it lightens and starts to get streaks of pink playing through it. My body shivering both from sexual pleasure and from the form changes the witch cursed me with. I cover my mouth in surprise, and my fingertips brush my sensitive lips that almost encourage me to deliver.

I nod my head and oblige when she turns the phone off and stares back at me. What could this girl possibly want? She sits back on the chair and shifts in her seat propping her feet on my shoulders so I am forced to stare down her legs toward her vagina. Not really a pleasant place to be, but at the same time I was starting to feel the familiar pull of sexual need. 

"Eat." She commands as she shifts in her seat pulling her pants towards her knees, I am hit with the scent of her arousal but her jeans block my view from anything else. Danny puts a hand on my shoulder and pushes me forward and I duck under the other girl's pants getting a plain view of her moist mound. Shaven and smooth with cute little folds that are neatly tucked away. I lick my lips and feel the sensitive pressure issue from them at the gesture. I couldn't let that video leak online or my life was going to be over. I had everything to lose if I said no right now.

With a heavy sigh I lean forward so my head is pressed between her thighs and I look up into her waiting eyes. She nods and spreads her legs a little more and I hear her pants slide further down her legs. The heady smell of her arousal fills my nostrils and I can't help but feel myself growing steadily ready for sexual release. The dildo shoved in my ass twirls and twists forcing more pleasure out of the moment than before and I open my mouth and let out a breathy whimper as I move towards the girl's soft folds, and just like that my lips collide with hers. I lap my tongue around the edges of her body searching for the sweet spot. The taste of her arousal is tangy against my tongue and I feel a shiver roll up my spine and I lick eagerly against her body. The girl gives out a coo and leans back against the counter resting her knees over my shoulders. Her entire body melts as I continue my licking and caressing.

I know what all women want when being given oral... I at least know what I always wanted, so I move one of my hands under my chin and dip my fingers into her nethers coaxing them forward stroking the inside of her eager walls while my tongue continues to run laps around the folds of her tangy flavored body. I pushed gently with my lips at the bump that is her clitoris, and she shivers under my touch. I press my tongue flat on it again and again, assaulting her with my fingers and tongue in time coaxing her body to listen to my command. It's funny because she is the one forcing me into the position I am in, but I am the one who will be forcing her body to obey my touch. The irony isn't lost to me, but then why am I so willing to do this?

I can hear her breath begin to grow ragged as I kneel between her thighs lapping and sucking, licking and kissing, and brushing my fingers along the inside of her walls rubbing upwards toward my chin, making sure to get pleasure both in and out. She gives another coo, though this one is a little louder than the last and her thighs begin to press in around my head blocking out the rest of the sound from the outside world. It is just me and her moist and delicious pussy. Each time I lick and lap at her body, coaxing her to ride closer to orgasm... the more I realize this isn't so bad to be giving another woman oral sex. She is kind of cute, and who doesn't like to have sex honestly?

Her thighs instinctively press around my head and I feel her hand pull into my hair. The world is muffled but I can sense a new flavor mixing with her taste. I lap at her eagerly, taking in the sweet and salty juices mixing on my tongue as she climaxes. I slow my licking down as her thighs gently release their grip on my head. I remove my fingers from inside of her body and sit back slowly as she releases my hair from her tight grip. I look up at her, not sure what to expect but she is staring down at me with eyes that are shining in wonder.

"Who are you?" She asks breathlessly. I can't help but smile as I wipe my hand on my chin removing some of the juices that she left behind, and I instinctively lick them clean. A little shudder of horror reminds me how wrong all of this is, but I can't let her know or she might post that video online.

"My name is Jillian." I reply shifting out of her grasp as she weakly gets to her feet. She pulls her tight pants back into place and I realize that she wasn't wearing any panties. Does she often get services from Danny while at work? You would think she would switch to dresses or skirts so she wouldn't have to get naked all the time.
