 Danny practically rushed me to this little yellow Datsun in the parking lot that looked like it was worse for wear. For someone who seemed so concerned about physical appearance and clearly succeeded in many aspects of it, she had little to no regard for transportation. I couldn't complain my mode of transportation came with everywhere I went and I guess that even if you have a beat up junker like this, at least you still have a beat up junker. She smiles at me and gestures for me to join in the car. I am still caught up in thinking of why we are going to a club at eleven in the morning, and why that girl in there... my train of thought is a little lost as I recall the taste of her salty arousal on my tongue and I gingerly touch my sensitive lips thinking about how erotic that really was.

I open the door and sit down opening my purse, which I guess is now mine, I examine the contents a little closer. I see the lip gloss and without a second thought open it and rub it on my sensitive lips. The sensation of the cool gel them makes my nipples hard against my tight top and I have to squirm a little as the plugs whir in satisfaction at my tiny arousal. I put the tube to the side and am reminded of the heady smell of Danny and my sexual encounter earlier. I smile over at her and she starts the car. I am surprised it doesn't backfire and sputter as she starts to drive toward the opposite side of town. The phone and charge cable are still inside, and there are the soiled clothes I put on so foolishly this morning. I should have known that goth witch was going to do something more to me than just try and give me a nasty horse cock swinging between my legs. There is a small string with a loop through it, and I am interested enough to pull it up but not out of the bag so Danny can see. To my surprise it is another type of undergarment like the one I have on but minus the plugs. There is a circle where my cock and balls would go to push them forward and keep me at a perpetual semi erect state. I don't think that the horse cock has ever gone back into the sheath since I was cursed with it...

I felt my stomach lurch at the image in my mind. I can't believe that I have a thick horse cock growing between my legs that I have actually masturbated... and enjoyed. I drop the panties and sift through more of the objects. Makeup, more products, and to my surprise a rather thick looking vibrator. It is the exact length of the purse and fits snug in the bottom. There are several butt plugs next to it, each made of smooth metal and adorned with a bright pink crystal. To top it all off there is a medium bottle of lube. How did all of this stuff fit into one tiny handbag? I look nervously back over to Danny who is expertly guiding us through town, though it is quite simple since the traffic is practically non-existent.

I quietly close the bag back up and look at myself in the side mirror of the car. There is barely a trace of who I looked like before this entire incident started. Before I was forced into a transformation that overtook everything I tried so hard to achieve. I was working to go to school and graduate so I could get myself into a better life, and now here I was going across town dressed to kill to a club in the middle of the day with a bimbofied slut. I let out a sigh of exasperation and Danny reaches over and places a gentle hand on my thigh and gives it a gentle squeeze as though she was reassuring me about everything running through my mind. The gesture was innocent enough, but having her gentle and smooth fingertips brushing the bare skin of my leg through the fishnet stockings I felt a jolt of exhilaration and my cock begins to tug furiously at the makeshift cage Danny put together for me earlier.

I shift but not uncomfortably in the chair as Danny rests her flat palm just above my knee. I take a deep breath and look back out the window placing my palm on top of hers. My heart races a little at the gesture, and I feel Danny give my leg a gentle squeeze. I look back over at her and she smiles at me reassuringly, "like don't worry about this Daddy will fix you right up. I can't let the mother of my sorority know or I would be dead." Danny looks in the rear view mirror as if the sorority mother was in a car behind us watching. I had so many questions of who this daddy was, and why she would be dead in letting me meet him. Either way, the simple and innocent gestures of Danny were starting to really get me hot and bothered. My breath hitching each time we hit a bump, my heart racing if she gave me a gentle stroke of her fingertips.

I look down at her hand on my lap and stroke my fingertip along the backside of her hand. So expertly manicured and beautiful. She could pass as a model and it is almost like she never tried in her life. She rolls her hand over instinctively and I place my palm in hers interlacing my fingers between hers. This was so not normal for me. I bite my cheek and quickly pull my hand away and shift in my seat growing steadily uncomfortable from the odd makeshift chastity belt and stare out the window again. Danny sighs a little and withdraws her hand back to the steering wheel, not hurt but clearly not happy either.

I didn't want to upset this newfound acquaintance, but honestly everything is moving far too quickly for anything to make sense to me. I was fighting an internal battle over keeping my mind in check and not losing myself to become a masturbating bimbo. No one wants to lose their minds do they? I look over at Danny and wonder what her story really is. Did she ever have to fight herself to find out what she was looking for in life? Then I get the sick feeling that maybe she didn't want to be like she is... I look back out the window and try not to think too hard on what could have been and focus more on what is.

I took lewd photos of myself and posted them online trying to get someone to help me find a cure. Better yet let's start from the beginning. I met a goth girl who saw me look at strange futanari anime porn. I then get cursed to grow a horse cock and she threatens me with other curses in a strange white roomed vision in my head. They involved changing my breasts, body shape, growing a bigger penis, and my mind of course would become as empty as the ocean. Of the threats she made on that front I three for four. My mind is still intact and I can control myself... somewhat something draws me to sexual release but I can at least still do math and function as a human being.

After that I found myself masturbating and posting lewd photos online for a solution to my problem, which brought me to Danny and we shared some incredible and intense moments together. That led me to eating a girl out and being decked out like a party girl. Here we are now rolling across town to a club. So much has happened in such a short amount of time it's hard to wrap my head around everything. I take a deep breath and look back over at Danny stirring in my seat uncomfortably. Her eyes are fixed on the road and she looks over her shoulders occasionally checking for other traffic, although the streets are fairly dead in this smaller town we live in.

When I am about to say something to Danny to explain everything pouring through my mind the car comes to a halt. I look out the window to see a worn down and beat up brick building with a rusty door. This place looks like it has been out of service for years and not a person would want to go inside for fear of it collapsing in around them. Danny hops out of the car in her bouncy and flirty way. I open the door and practically fall onto the sidewalk, still not used to the over tall heels I was strapped into. Danny proffers a hand and I take it gratefully lifting myself a little off balance to my heels and stare down embarrassed for being so clumsy. Danny strolls to the rusty door and props it open eagerly gesturing for me to follow.

With a grumble I hold my purse over my stomach that is now lurching with butterflies and step hesitantly into the dark room. Before us lies a small and narrow staircase that leads down to a basement level. Danny slips past me expertly maneuvering the tiny confined space and trounces down the stairs, her hair bouncing and falling perfectly accentuating her perfect form. I tightly grip the handrail and try not to tumble down headfirst into the girl trying to solve my problems and take each step tentatively like I was about to topple headlong into a lake of fire.

When we reach the square at the bottom of the stairs there is just enough space for Danny to lift her hand and push the intercom button. It springs to life and crackles making my ears ring a little.

"Whadda want." The disembodied voice of an angry sounding gentleman fills the tiny space. I can hear him crunching on chips and he clearly has a lack of care for people disturbing him.

"I like want to see daddy." Danny sounds a little nervous and she looks over her shoulder at me reassuringly.

"Huh, I don't remember making any appointments. Beat it bitch." The man's voice grows more agitated and I bite my lip looking around the platform where we are standing. Above the door is a small camera with a blinking red light. He is watching us.

"Can we do something to make an appointment?" Danny asks her voice sounding even tighter than before. Perhaps she has done this and didn't want to offer anything?

"I..." the voice trails off, "Wait a second I know you don't I?" The man stops eating his chips for a second and his breathing grows heavy through the speaker that is next to the door.

"Y... yes?" Danny asks trying to hold back her apprehension. I want to grab her arm and tell her it's not worth it or that she doesn't have to do this, but the part of me that wants to be cured of this curse decides to let her go on.

"Fuck, yea I do know you. I will open the door but the newcomer has to give me a favor." His voice sounds tight and his breathing is a little hitched.

"Do you mean do you a favor?" I ask without thinking before the words come out of my mouth.

"Ah, mouthy little bitch. I like that. No I said give me a favor." His voice grows careless and I can almost hear the grease pouring out of his mouth through the speaker filling the space we are in, "I won't open this door an inch if you don't say yes right now."

I am pitted against my own will and desire to fix myself. I can't just say yes to some crazy man's favor... but at the same time I am not sure if I will ever be cured of my problem unless I accept his proposal. I don't even know what it is either. He could be asking for a sexual favor... he could just be asking me to flash him, or he could want a date of some kind. Why don't I at least give him the benefit of the doubt. He may sound greasy but maybe he isn't trying to do something so awful. I look over at Danny but her eyes are fixed on the speaker waiting for him to say something else. I nod and look up at the camera, "Okay." I look back at Danny who stares over at me a little wide eyed.

A buzzer rings and the door pops open a fraction. Danny reaches out and pushed the door inward revealing a room lit with blue bulbs. To my surprise it is extremely well decorated and looks incredibly modern. The floors are smooth and finished wood with sofas placed throughout. Some that have no backs and others that curve artistically filling the space. There are under lights that line the room with a deep purple hue. I look up and to my surprise the ceiling is an oversized mirror that covers the entirety of the building. There is a man sitting in a small booth next to the door, and I can't help but stare at him.

The man who was speaking to us through the intercom looks nothing like his voice. I expected a greasy overweight bald man wiping Dorito dust on his chair and scratching at his fat rolls... when really there was a handsome man wearing a sharp suit and sleeves rolled up to his elbows. His suit jacket left on the chair behind him. He stands up making his way towards us. He has the prowl of a lion on the hunt and I can tell his muscles are well maintained even through his well pressed shirt and tie. His hair spikes off his forehead in that perfect but carefree way. The kind of appearance that calls for attention when he walks into a room. On his left wrist I see the edges of a tattoo, the only thing that marks him as someone daring on the wild side of life but other than that he comes off clean and classy.

"Hello welcome to Club Sato." His voice is a little rough around the edges. Not as accentuated as it was through the intercom, but now that I hear him in person I can tell that he smokes and that made him sound a little more intense through the small monitor giving him a different edge. It probably scares away people who shouldn't be there in the first place.

"Th..." I try to stammer a thank you but I can't get the words out of my mouth, because in that moment the plugs stuffing my tight and aching orifices twist and scream into life full force causing me to swoon a little and topple forward. The guard quickly catches me, wrapping his muscular arms around my shoulders, and he holds me close to his chest for a second. I smell his musky cologne, and I can't help but look up into his eyes as he stares down at me with a growing concern.

"Are you okay?" His rough voice is full of concern, but I try to steady myself and I feel Danny hovering nearby.

"I will be..." I try to hold myself together. It must be something with the low light of the club, the constant barrage on my sexual needs, or that damn witch that cursed me that is making me feel like I am. Whatever it is, I want to control my body more than it wants to allow me to. The guard guides me to one of the sectional sofas and he sits across from me. Danny gently sits down next to me, her bare thigh brushing mine through the fishnets I have on, and the plugs grow warm inside of my body. That is a newer sensation and I can't help but press my knee into hers hoping for more of her skin to rub against me.

"Well I still need that favor repaid sweetheart." His rough voice rumbles in his chest and he has lost some of his angry edge he first had when meeting us. I look up at him as if expecting something awful for him to ask us. Danny takes a deep breath and nods. She stands up and sashays over to me swaying her hips in that hypnotic way. I can't help but lose my focus on this intense security guard and look at the lustful maiden gyrating in front of me, making her sensual motions that makes my own stomach stir with appreciation. I bite my lower lip and reach out a tentative hand and touch the smooth expanse of her toned tummy. She purrs gently under her breath as she lowers down to my level spreading my knees apart. She bends forward giving me a perfect view of her heavy breasts that are gleaming with her sweet smelling sweat. I lean in to kiss her neck and she giggles as my tongue grazes her skin. She is so wonderful in so many ways, how on earth is she not some type of celebrity?

My cock pulses angrily against the makeshift bondage cage and I groan a little in discomfort. Danny rocks back on her heels and drops eagerly between my knees spreading them further apart. I watch her as her fingers trace up my inner thighs and collide with my awkwardly bent flesh. Completely exposed but only to Danny I groan in satisfaction of having something more than string touch my hungry horse meat. Danny looks up at me lustfully and the man sitting across from us doesn't move. In fact, I am not even sure he has blinked since Danny started her little show. I look back down at Danny who is tracing tiny circles along the backside of my cock which is now achingly tight on the strings holding it in place. Pain and discomfort rocket through me, but I bite my lip and squirm under her touch trying not to give away anything to the maiden before me.

She quirks her mouth in a smile that makes my heart beat into my throat and she stands back up leaning in and rocking her hips to the motion of the music that fills the place. She turns back and presses her thighs together and she bends forward lifting a little of the hem on her skirt revealing her erection digging between her thighs with her cute balls hanging in front of it in such a way that I can see her perfectly molded pussy and winking asshole. Everything about the view I am getting is nothing more than a call for some kinky fuckery... but in the middle of a club with someone watching was pushing my boundaries. I bite my lip again trying to hold myself at bay and Danny looks over her shoulder at me smiling in that way again.

She leans back and slides her exposed bottom along my chest and dress, the heavy scent of her strawberry arousal filling my nostrils and making my hands shake. She continues her descent until I feel her stiff erection pushing between my legs. She leans back spreading only her knees and keeping her thighs tightly pressed together. Her hair falls over my shoulder and our cheeks graze each other. I smell her scent, I feel her warmth, I appreciate her stiff cock pulsing between my thighs leaving its sticky arousal on my exposed skin. I am not sure if I am in love with this woman or in complete lust with her. Either way I am consumed by everything she says and does.

She lifts her legs slightly in such a way that I feel her erection pulsate on my inner thigh and I squeeze my legs together as she presses herself back down on me. Her cock slipping between my thighs with more of her precum splashing between them. I suddenly get the sensation of wrongness that pulls at every fiber of my being. I attempt to make a move and Danny takes that as my playful banter and she pushes back hungrily forcing her flesh between my thighs again and again. She licks at my chin and closes her eyes. She grabs my hands and pulls them up her stomach toward her heaving cleavage. I look down in shock and terror of being pinned here unable too free myself from the dirty and beautiful display of sexual pleasure.

I look up in horror as I see the club bouncer reach a hand into his pants and starts to pump his fist in time mirroring our movements. I grit my teeth as my own erection starts to burn from the odd angle it is being pressed into the couch and the twisting plugs begin to heat up and from the feeling of it expand in my titillated orifices. I close my eyes and groan out like a wanton whore. Danny giggles and bounces harder on me. That bitch who cursed me needs to get some payback... if only I had more control of myself. If only I hadn't met this Danny I wouldn't be here... but then again I wouldn't be attempting to find some sort of solution here at Club Sato. I grit my teeth as Danny starts to speed up, more precum slipping between my thighs as her pussy starts to dribble hungrily on my legs.

My own Orgasm begins to build and I can't help but squeeze at Danny's chest, her large mounds so supple and beautiful under my fingertips. She plants both of her hands on the couch next to me and gives out a guttural groan. I feel her cock lurch and she quickly stands up lifting her skirt and ejaculates her heady scented cream all over the table between us and the bouncer. A torrent of her cum continues to pulsate from her greedy cock, and I can't help but bend forward and rock my hips at the sight, my own orgasm erupting and I feel my ass and legs grow wet as I cum all over the couch. Danny reaches down her hand and strokes her last few streams of cum out of her delicious body and my own climax begins to subside. The bouncer eases back and slips his hands from his pants pulling out a used and filled condom. He ties it off quickly and zips up his slacks.

He stares at me expectantly and I feel my cheeks burn red. I stand next to Danny, my seed dripping down the edge of my dress and onto the floor. The couch behind me is a covered mess and the bouncer looks at it and then back at me. His face grows a little dark and then he smiles nodding, "I want the new girl to clean it up with her tongue. When she is finished I will let you in the back rooms." Danny turns to face me expectantly. No way in hell was I going to crawl around on my hands and knees and clean this place! There was no way I could drink all that cum from off the leather sofa and off the entire table. Danny stamps her foot and glares at me putting a hand on my shoulder.
