 I can't help but lick my lips again thinking of everything happening right now. Danny folds her arms under her ample bosom displaying her beautiful body off perfectly for anyone who wants to look at her. I look back down at the mess covering the sofa. There is at least one if not two cups of my own cum splattered on the seat, not to mention my own ass and thighs. I look down at the table where Danny came forever, and there are at least two or three cups of her sweet smelling seed. I look back at the bouncer who has remained absolutely still faced, completely unreadable. I sigh a little. This witch cursed me to be stuck like this forever unless I found a cure, so I would have to take some risks to find that cure. I frown a little as butterflies erupt in my stomach from the sensation of being completely owned and controlled.

I kneel down at decide to start with my own, since it smelled headier but somehow less intense than eating up Danny's. I loll my tongue forward and lick the leather sofa, getting the sensation of my heat and seed mixed together with a little of Danny's precum. The taste isn't awful, it isn't sweet by any means... it is the exact opposite salty and a little slick. I try not to think about the taste or sensation of having cum filling my stomach as I continue to lick the sofa until all that remains is a little trail where my tongue worked its way doing as the bouncer asked.

I then turn to face Danny's heavy eruption. Something about her cum draws me in however. I lean forward and purse my lips together sucking in her candy like eruption. It's perfect in every way and tastes incredible. I can't help but lick and suck every last drop from the table. When I am finished I turn back to look at Danny, my ass gently resting on the tall spikes of my heels. She nods and looks back at the Bouncer who says nothing.

I stand up gently and look at the bouncer as well hoping he will tell me how to solve my problem. He turns back to Danny, "So she is the same as you?" His rough voice has little care to it but his hand scratched idly at the nape of his neck.

"No... actually she is a lot different. Like totally different." Danny chirps, and I look down at myself ashamed that I can't be more like her, but then again she was a bimbo airhead who would fuck anything that was willing.

"I think that is what Daddy is looking for. Different. Something about not getting it right with all the bimbo airheads." Danny tilts her head a little and the bouncer holds up a hand, "No offense just quoting him." His rougher voice still doesn't match his appearance. I frown a little. I wonder what all this means. Before I can get a word in the bouncer is already turning on his heels. He raises a hand and gestures for us to follow nonchalantly. I look back at Danny, the taste of her sweet strawberry cum still on my lips. She smiles at me and nods reassuringly. She follows on her incredibly high heels with ease, and I lumber along behind her. My posture is getting better but I am still no goddess on heels like this woman is.

The bouncer guides us through a labyrinth of doors. First two lefts, a right, another left, I can't even try to keep track as we make our way down red carpeted hallways. They are lit with the same hued bulbs that give off an eerie glow. There is no direct light, no overhead fixtures. Everything is ground lit or has some odd piece of sexual artwork on the wall depicted by either extremely old painters from the fourteen hundreds, or the complete opposite with new age deviant art pictures adorning the walls. I am a little shocked to see some anime based photos, though the positions and artwork give away that this is a crazy fetishist place. It's fitting since I am cursed with one of the weirdest fetishes I have ever encountered, if only that stupid image hadn't popped up I wouldn't be where I am at today. I can't help but stare from picture to picture, and find myself growing steadily more and more aroused. The plugs filling my body begin to expand and twist, growing thicker and warmer with each step we take causing me to stumble from time to time, but catch myself without anyone noticing.

Soon the paintings, portraits, and lewd artwork turns from flat images to statues and sculptures. Men with fifteen inch cocks, women with body's sharper than an hour glass, futanari, centaur, furries, you name the fetish they were all present. A wolf man with a thick dog penis holding a woman on her knees with a collar around her neck her mouth poised open and ready to be penetrated and satiated. I blink and try not to focus on anything else but the ground where Danny's heels spike gently into the carpet. I needed to hold this all together I just needed to stick it out to the end and then I could be cured from all my problems.

I slam hard into the back of Danny and nearly fall over. My heart pounding in my ears in time with the thrumming of the plugs filling my sensitive areas. I mumble an apology and look up at Danny who is standing rigid in front of a set of large double doors. They gently open revealing a circular room all in dark reds and mahogany. It is lavishly decorated, with a steeple ceiling that has low lights strung around it keeping the atmosphere of this crazy sex dungeon that I found myself wandering for the past ten minutes. I look around the room to see nothing adorning the walls, only a fake potted plant sits next to the door which is rather odd considering the rest of the establishments decor.

Sitting at the large mahogany desk near the middle of the room is a gentleman no older than thirty-five. He has longer hair that is gently tucked behind his ears, dark black with a sharp forehead to match his sharp cheekbones. He has smooth cheeks, but that only shows how intense he is about shaving. It's almost as intense as the glower he is giving us as we step into the room. He stands up and I can't help but admire how his white suit with black shirt are such a sharp contrast. His skin is a little tanner than people who live in this city, suggesting that perhaps he isn't from around here. He walks forward his entire swagger is more than I can handle. This man is gorgeous. Deep blue eyes, with the look of an Italian mobster mixed with sex dungeon master. I bite my lip and look down trying not to stare too long or hard at this god among men.

"Tell me what time it is." His voice is smooth like butter rolling in my ears, free from an accent meaning he isn't foreign.

"Eleven forty-three." The bouncer's rough and uneven tone is a little more brusk than normal, and I can feel the tension radiating off of him like an iron that was left on too long. I take a deep breath and catch the scent of this individual growing closer. His cologne must be extremely strong or I wouldn't have been able to smell it like I could. I look back up still biting my lip and see he is standing right in front of me his cold eyes locked on mine. My heart skips a beat and I feel my cheeks begin to flush.

"And what time are you allowed to come into my office and bother me with... new product?" The man's voice is smooth and clean, but the hint of anger touches at the corners of his eyes just enough to give away what he is really feeling.

"Four in the afternoon sir." The guard's rougher voice is such a sharp contrast to the man standing before me that I can't even help but feel myself grow a little more flushed thinking about this specimen in front of me.

"Why is this one so important that you would risk your neck?" He raises a hand and brushes the side of my cheek and it takes everything I have not to flinch back from his hand. His fingertips are so gentle and I feel my heart begins to beat even faster, if that is at all possible. I feel my body reacting to his intimidating manner, and I part my lips and take in a sharp breath of air hoping that he doesn't notice how obviously bothered I am.

"She isn't like the others from the Futa Kappa house sir." The bouncer looks back at me and then over at Danny, "She is somehow... in control." He grumbles a little and shifts side to side but doesn't take his lingering stare off of my eyes. We stand there for what feels like an eternity before the club owner nods his head only slightly toward his bouncer.

"Very well, I will hold you to it. If something gets out of line I will make sure you are the one to pay for it." The bouncer flinches a little and frowns at me as if hoping I am not going to cause him trouble. Oh I wish I could will him the answer and tell him I only wanted to be cured from this whole mess and didn't want to get him into trouble. I look back at the man in charge and he removes his fingertips from under my chin, "Get out, I want to talk to the newcomer alone. That goes for you as well Daniel." Danny flinches a little and shifts from heels to heel a little uncomfortably but she does as she is told and leaves the room. Daniel? Why did he call her Daniel? I thought it would have been just Danny, or Danielle or something like that not a man's name.

He moves around his desk without looking up. He has such a powerful presence that he can command people without even looking at them, and they will do it without a second thought. The bouncer and Danny whisk from the room, but not without looking back at me to make sure I would be okay. I give Danny a small wave and she smiles and nods at me closing the door gently behind her, "Have a seat." I give a small start before realizing that the owner had spoken to me. I turn back quickly and prance over to the chair across from his massive wooden desk. I feel so small in this giant room. Almost like he wants to show off his power by the objects he has, but he doesn't need to... not by the display that he used.

When I take my seat, the vibrators inside of me move upward making me feel fuller than before, and somehow they expand making it all the more noticeable just how vulnerable I am. What was this witches plan for me? The full sensation begins to dull and my mind melts away before me leaving my vision entirely white. I look down at my legs to make sure I haven't gone blind and I can still see them sitting in the chair I was in, but everything else was entirely blank. I look to my left and right still not able to see the world that is around me. What was going on?

"I felt you asking some questions about me. Don't worry darling I know where you are, and what these folk are up to. I wouldn't be who I am if I could be outmaneuvered by some money and suits." the voice sounded so familiar.

"Who's there?" My voice sounds weak and powerless in the blank space, barely reaching my own ears. As if I was speaking in a whisper.

"I am a little offended. That makes me a little sad that you can't recognize your master's voice." Then out of the white I see a figure walking toward me dressed entirely in black. My heart skips a beat and pulls into my throat. I can't help but clench my fists and attempt to calm myself down as she continues her saunter towards me, "Be a good girl and get on your knees." I fall forward from the chair unable to control myself and stare down at the ground as the spiked shoes fill my vision. The witch that cursed me.

"What..." I try to choke out, but her fingertips trace under my chin tiling my head up towards her face. To my surprise however I am staring down the length of a hard cock glistening with precum on the tip. It smells so strong of sweet things begging just to be licked clean. I bite my cheek trying to control my thoughts and myself. I am not this stupid to be easily controlled like this.

"Always with the fighting and resisting. You did well to bite back against my bimbofication curse my dear, however... the rest of you didn't fare so well as you and I can both see." She steps back a little and to the side, my head forced into the position it is in I can't help but stare straight ahead at the wall where familiar images sprout into place. My own body and face reflected in each one showing off what I had done. From masturbating in public multiple times, to having strange sex with random strangers. I feel so ashamed at the sight of myself. I close my eyes and try to hold back the tears that are starting to fill them, "Funny little contraption you have here." the witch has lifted my dress and is toying at the strings holding my cock back. I groan a little and shift from side to side to stop myself from enjoying the sensation of something other than tight burning string touching the flared tip of my cock.

And just like that the string breaks free and my shaft swings forward between my knees, rubbing a little on the ground unable to swing forward. I am stiffly erect and I can't help but shift from side to side to let the rest of the shaft drag along the ground so it is parallel to my stomach dribbling it's precum onto the floor in front of me. Precum oozes from it onto the floor hungrily and the plugs stuffing my body feel extremely strange and different. I try to turn my head around to look over my shoulder unable to move from my kneeling position.

I feel the witch's fingers press between my shoulders and I fall forward onto my hands and I am forced to stare straight ahead and re-live my sexual encounters over the past couple of days. The physical changes to my body, the tension that has built up, the entirety of my world crashing down in simple images. It is so simple to see it all as if what was being played back was just a movie and everything I did was free will and by my own choice... but technically it was wasn't it? I mean I wouldn't have done it if I didn't have this massive cock between my legs. I shake my head trying to clear my thoughts from anything this witch is trying to place there.

"You are one for the resisting. Let me help you with this." Suddenly the panties filling my holes slip away and I am left feeling empty in both my pussy and my tender asshole. I try to look back over my shoulder and I am surprised I can move my head freely. I see the witch standing there with her thick cock pointed at my backside, her clothing completely stripped away, my tight clubbing dress is pulled up around my middle and my under half completely exposed to her sexual ministrations.

"Don't... no not there." I try to plead as she rubs my ass cheeks tenderly, her hands are so warm teasing I wiggle my hips in response and I hear her take in a sharp breath.

"But you are begging me. Besides it looks like you are really lubed up back here. Some magic I used to fix your ass for better use." I look back over my shoulder in horror.

"You did what to me?'' I can't help but spout out in fear.

"I made your ass nice and lubed. Permanently. It will be like a second pussy. No... that's not a good term." She puts a finger to the corner of her succulent mouth and taps it gently in thought, "No this will be like the new and improved pussy. A pussy two point oh if you will. Your brain thinks that having anal sex is ten times better than normal. Fuck that no let's make it a hundred. Hang on." She pinches her eyes shut and opens them her pupils entirely gone and all that is left is bright white light. I shiver in fear and let out a gasp as cold liquid splashes up my spine. Goosebumps erupt all over my arms and thighs and I pinch my eyes shut and give out a simple gasp as the liquid continues to spread across my body settling on my nipples, my vagina, my lips, and lastly on my tender asshole. My head begins to tingle and the coldness of the liquid dissipates leaving me shivering unable to move anything but my head. I so desperately want to curl up into a ball hugging my knees trying to keep myself warm.

"What..." I try to say but my mouth feels overly sensitive and I can't help but leave it hanging open a little bit of drool falling to the floor from my slack jaw. My tongue feels swollen and my lips are beyond sensitive almost mind numbingly intense each time I breath in and out through them.

"Ah there we go. You decided you didn't want to be a bimbo airhead, so I decided your body would be as bimbo as possible. Don't worry are still you, your brain still works one hundred percent, you just can't help what your body feels. That pretty little mouth of yours is going to be extra sensitive just to keep you from shouting or screaming at people. No one wants to listen to you being a bitch while they ride your fuckholes sweetheart. Besides it will make sucking cock just that much better. Who can resist sucking a good lolly when your mouth feels like a pussy?" I look back over my shoulder and bite my lip. Bad move. My body quivers in pleasure and my vision blurs as I cum hard from my teeth grazing my succulent lips.

She giggles moving her body closer to mine her cock head warm between my expanded cheeks. I can sense every motion her body makes as she eases towards my unused asshole. It doesn't feel as tender as it was before, now it feels... empty. Increasingly empty with each second that passes. I want to tell her to stop, but at the same time my body needs to feel full again. I lean back and my body surprisingly moves. I look back over my shoulder at her and watch in awe as I press my own hips towards hers feeling her thick cock rub between my flared backside. Then it happens. An eruption of pleasure rolling through my ass to my head pulsates over my entirety. I am nothing but carnal pleasure. I slam my ass against her hips taking her entire length with ease up my now perfectly lubed asshole. Every inch of her lengthy and meaty shaft fills my body leaving me feeling satisfied and incredible. I lower myself to the floor pressing my forehead to the ground so my body is arched giving her easy ramming access to my now pussy like asshole. The witch giggles behind me shifting her hips in small circles accepting my begging for sexual release.

"That's a good girl. I thought you would like this improvement. How about we fix that cock just a bit." To my surprise my cock begins to slide toward my mouth inch after inch slipping between my breasts, the intense pleasure of it rubbing the ground sending gobs of precum towards my tender lips. I lie there, opening my mouth to accept the intruder tasting my salty but somewhat sweet precum roiling on my sensitive tongue. Pleasure burns through me and I can't help but buck my hips to force my horse cock further into my mouth. The motion pulls some of the witches cock from my full backside, and she plants her hands on my wide hips and pulls me back down on her. The motion of having my cock pulled from my full lips and her cock planting into my over sensitive backside makes my head spin in erotic pleasure. I can't help but groan like a wanton whore and pull my hips back and forth with her shoving my cock head deeper into my mouth, and then releasing it from between my succulent lips. I am sexual pleasure. I am nothing more than a perfectly designed sex toy.

I continue to groan as my ass feels pleasure the rest of my body never has. I can hear the witch laughing and something wet begins to push at my pussy, a part of my body long forgotten about but still sensitive, just not quite as intense of a sensation as my full ass. Every spot of my body is turned into a tight wound sexual spring. I am bursting at every seam from immense pleasure. One orgasm after another rocking me into oblivion. My legs are quivering, and I can barely keep my head up, if it weren't for my thick unrelenting cock slapping against my sensitive mouth I would have collapsed to the ground and just accepted anything that would come my way.

More of my cum erupts between my lips and I can't help but greedily drink it down. I was so thirsty and I never knew it. These sensations are entirely new, being nothing more than a lustful mess. And just like that I am sitting back in the chair in the low lit office and the owner of the club is leaning back against his desk smiling at me. I look over my shoulder to see if the witch was there but I am left alone staring around the room like an idiot. My body feels like it never really got to finish the release so there is something painful lurking inside of me. I feel desperate and want to drop to my knees and get this man to service me and help me get the release the witch left me looking for. I contain myself but just barely. My cheeks feel warm and flushed, but from the looks of the club owner he notices nothing has changed in the past half second.
