 The overwhelming sensation of being trapped pulls at the back of my mind as I slowly drift from darkness to a blurry light. I try to look around, but can't make out much more than a couple of gray walls with odd marks and scuffs here and there. I stand up but fall back down, feeling extremely dizzy and beyond thirsty. I need a drink so bad. I hear someone clear their throat and I look left and right blinking away the fuzzy low lit room. There is a subtle pink hue to the color fuzzing at the edge of my vision, but just barely it's mostly muted greys. I blink a few more times and lean forward on my hands and knees feeling my breasts sway unnaturally. I sit back on my heels and wince as the sharp tall spikes poke at my skin. Skin? I look down blinking as the world grows sharper and see I am stripped of all my clothing, but they left my heels on? I tuck my hands into my armpits trying to cover my exposed bust that now just feels so foreign from how large it has grown from the witch's curse. I want to obscure the view for any onlookers... if there are any. I blink and look around the room feeling extremely exposed and terrified of what was going to happen to me.

The room starts to slowly come into focus, and it is a little small. Roughly three feet by three feet, if I were to bend over my ass would touch one wall and my face would be pressed against the other, and the floor has a soft carpet that makes it a little warmer though the carpet looks a little worse for wear. The low soft pink light reminds me of the club, but the color of the walls being gray speckled with black is a little off from the rest of the building I had traversed earlier. Where was I?

The person clears their throat again and I look to where the sound came from to see a throbbing cock poking through a hole in the wall. I feel my stomach drop a little and look around the room quickly to get a better look. There are holes in random places all around, they are a little covered with duct tape to prevent pain, but they are placed in threes up the walls roughly a foot apart. I am not really that great at room design, but from what I can tell this is a glory hole closet. The black speckles covering the grey walls are actually words written in what I can tell as sharpie markers...little mantras written all over like "good girls swallow" or "Cheap whore" that blend together with the sheer amount of them that cover the walls. There are childish doodles and cartoons of people fucking, giggles here and there scrawled in unkempt handwriting. It was as if someone was writing the messages to themselves over months of being trapped in here... trapped. The thought makes my heart leap into my throat and I can't help but turn back to the cock throbbing through the hole.

Then I hear a voice come over a small speaker found right above me in the ceiling, "Welcome to your new home. Don't worry I bet you are really thirsty, the first client can help you with that. It's a little bit from the curse I gave you sweetheart." I grind my teeth and look back down at the cock throbbing expectantly, but as time goes on his stiff erection is slowly fading from lack of stimulation. He wiggles it around a little as if expecting me to do as I am told. I glare back up at the speaker listening to the smooth voice of the goth witch who stuffed me in here.

"It isn't that bad, you suck that one cock right there and I will get you a drink. If you don't he will tell others that you don't do anything and eventually you will die of thirst. Which will it be my little pet?" I glare back down at the cock. I was so thirsty, and if the only way I was going to get a drink was to suck this strangers cock... I might as well he couldn't tell who I am anyway right?

Turning angrily in the small closet I kneel down feeling my heels press back into my ass and glower at the prospect of what I am doing. I can't believe I have gone this far in what... two days? My life is completely ruined and everything is far from where it is supposed to be. I reach out my hand and graze the underside of the slowly dwindling cock feeling the sticky buildup of pre around the mushroomed head. I hear a faint gasp on the other side of the wall and the man scoots closer to it so his pelvis is pushed against the other side. His cock reacts to my fingertips and I smile a little as it begins to rise. People are so easy to control when you give them the right stimulus.

I open my mouth and lick my tongue along the top of the head and I hear him groan, it must be over sensitive from me waiting so long to play around with it. I wrap my fingertips around the base and open my mouth taking in almost half of his length. He isn't that long, not to judge him, but from the smaller size I can easily suck his shaft and play with his sensitive head at the same time. I get to work trying to make him cum as quickly as possible. If this will get me water, then so be it. I place both of my hands on the wall and lean back into my heels pushing my head forward taking his smaller shaft so that his mushroomed head pokes at my throat. I thirstily slurp on his length until I can feel the familiar signs of someone getting ready to blow their load.

The salty and heady scent of sex begins to fill the closet, and in a moment like this I can't help but start to feel aroused. My own protruding cock angrily being forced behind me from the size of the room and the way I chose to sit in order to suck this man's meat. I can't help but reach a hand back behind me and dip my fingertips into my ass while sucking on his length. God it is so sensitive, I wish my pussy would feel this good. I feel him start to gasp with each powerful motion I make with my jaws and tongue and soon the pathetic spurt of cum drips into my mouth and down my throat. I hold him in my mouth still working my fingertips in and out of my backdoor coaxing the last few seconds to my own orgasm.

He pulls back withdrawing his small length with an audible pop from between my lips. His breath is still ragged on the other side of the wall, but I don't care. I am still working my hand in and out relishing in my own post coital bliss from stimulating my now sensitive asshole. That damn witch has done a real number on me... I look around the room slowly withdrawing my hand and lean back against the wall breathing heavy. I run my fingertips up my body and play with one of my nipples as I come down from my sexual high. I feel a strange sensation around my oozing cock and look over my shoulder to see it pushing against the edge of the wall. It couldn't have grown even more in here could it? I stand up the sensation of its heavy weight swinging between my legs is a little erotic even from my recent sexual explosion. It throbs a little still dripping seed onto the floor making the room smell even stronger than before.

I look back at the other wall and see another cock sticking up erect through the hole, though this one is a lot larger than the last. Roughly twice the size, if I had to put a measurement to it I would say at least ten inches. I can't help but lick my lips and watch as a dribble of precum rolls out of the tip. I walk over to it and kneel opening my mouth and sliding the throbbing erection into my lips. I can't believe I am doing this, but if it is the only way I can get water or a drink...

Just as I settle into position I feel something prodding at my asshole from the other side of the closet. I go to release the cock from between my lips, but I am extremely aware of what the prodding is coming from. Slipping between my now permanently lubed backside is a thick and juicy cock. I open my mouth around the one between my lips and moan unable to help myself from pushing back on it until my ass is pressed against the wall. Eagerly forced into a sexual position I hungrily suck on the dick swinging in front of my face. I can't deep throat the whole thing with my ass pressed against the wall but I can at least suckle the tip and run my hand up and down on its length. The owner doesn't seem unsatisfied as I hear a coo of pleasure from the other side of the wall, and a hummed moan of my own satisfaction reverberates inside the tiny room.

I feel nothing more than pleasure wrapping over and over me, making my head swoon and my vision blur. What was I doing? Letting these men use me for nothing more than a quick pleasure trip? I feel myself growing red with embarrassment but something keeps me tight against the wall as the invisible stranger continues to work his cock back and forth into my inviting asshole. I can't believe I was this cheap to be locked up and instantly accept whatever comes into the holes. Then again, I am just so thirsty and the last cock that unloaded into my mouth quenched just the slightest need to drink. Perhaps the same will happen with the one between my lips.

With new fervor, I suck heavy on the head of the cock between my lips coaxing it to orgasm faster. The man on the other side of the wall hisses between his teeth in pleasure and I hear his panting grow louder as I pump both of my hands up and down his shaft begging for him to release sooner. The one working his way at my backside shivers and I feel warmth erupt inside of my body. He slowly withdraws leaving me feeling unsatisfied sexually and a bit frustrated that he didn't get me to the end of my orgasm. I reach back one of my hands trying to rub at my sticky cum covered ass, when the cock between my lips bursts his salty seed onto my tongue and down my throat. I hungrily lap it up sucking and stroking coaxing every inch of his seed to pour into my body. He grunts a little at my intense ministrations and gently I withdraw my mouth from his shaft and he pulls it out breathing heavy from his hard and forced orgasm.

I sit back against the wall careful not to stab myself with the sharp heels I am wearing and breath for a second savoring the quenching flavor of the strangers cum. I can't even believe what it is I have just done, but then again it was the only way to get my need for liquid quenched. I hear a voice begin to drift in and out of my ears from the speaker overhead. It starts out subtly but then shifts from the small echoed speaker to the voice being directly in my ear clear as day, "That is a good girl, how about a quick release since the last stranger didn't help you get there?"

Cassandera's voice is so condescending. I look over my shoulder, and wasn't surprised to see nothing there. I can't believe I got messed up in some sex crazed witches plan. She just wanted to see me suffer... but for what? So I can feel sexually pleasured and frustrated all the time and she gets what from this deal?

On the floor in front of me I see a large bulb of glass with hoses attached to it. I don't remember seeing it there before, perhaps this is what she was talking about? I reach my hand forward and touch it, moving my fingers along the smooth cylinder shape. It is long, almost two feet and there are two hoses at the tip. The base is a large oval hole and looks oddly inviting. Release. She did say release maybe she means for me to place my horse cock into the tube?

I pick it up hefting the weight of the large device. It isn't cheaply made, but it isn't extremely heavy. Just enough to make its presence known, but not enough that I could imagine it being uncomfortable. I feel a jolt in the back of my mind trying to beg me not to go forward with this thing and to try and escape, but I am just so thirsty and ready for release I can't help but move my erect cock towards the entrance. There is a slight sucking sensation as I slide my shaft forward. Inch after inch of my body slowly begins to fill the tube and I feel a jolt of pleasure erupt through my cock all the way through my nipples and nethers. I moan and lean back feeling my heels press into my ass. I move one of my hands from the suctioning device and grab at my stiff and erect nipple sliding the tube further on my shaft as I tweak hard at my sensitive flesh. I bite my lip as I feel the mouth of the oval tube press against my pelvis and the sensations of sucking grow stronger. The whirring sound of machines is faint but present in the small closet and I can't help but drop the tube that is now engulfing my stiff cock. It feels so incredible that I close my eyes and give out a sharp moan as it sucks hungrily on my body.

I look down as I feel the sensation of it pumping up and down on its own accord. There is an inner tube that seems to be twisting gently and slightly along my shaft as it pumps back and forth on my flesh. The sucking sensation has made my cock no longer just a stiff erect horse cock, but now it is almost filling up the entirety of the tube making it a little distorted but not in a displeasing sort of way. I can see about two inches of free space at the tip of the masturbating machine, but at this point I don't care how long my cock is just as long as the pleasure keeps rolling through my body.

I let out another moan and stiffen as I feel myself getting ready to erupt into the strange device. I grab both of my breasts and tweak my nipples as I cum hard into the machine. I keep my eyes locked on the contraption as my cum erupts into it and is instantly vacuumed out by the tubes sitting on the top of the machine. Explosion after explosion of my orgasm makes me rock forward planting both of my hands on the ground. I watch in awe as my cum gets instantly sucked out of my cock, but the pleasure doesn't stop. How long can I orgasm like this?

Suddenly I feel something prodding at my backside which is firmly pressed against the wall and I am greeted by a cock slithering into my wet pussy. I moan in pleasure as another orgasm hits me and more of my horse cock girl cum pours into the hungry vacuuming machine. The stranger continues to plow away at my sopping nethers, and all I can do is drop to my elbows and accept the invader. I can't believe that I am doing all of this... but I have never felt this kind of pleasure in my life before. I can feel my entire inside becoming something else, as if my mind is begging me to just let go and accept what I am becoming. To just accept what I am... a cock hungry bimbo slut.

I moan and gasp as the stranger orgasms into my pussy and quickly withdraws, part of his cum dripping onto my thighs as he pulls free from the glory hole. I feel myself finally subside from my orgasm and the machine whirs to a stop, though the pressure is still present as it doesn't release its grip on my cock. I roll over onto my side and stare at the tubes in wonder and in horror. This machine milked my cum from me like a cow, and I readily accepted it and put it on without questioning it. Cassandera really has fucked me up. I close my eyes and give out a slight moan as the discomfort from the machine becomes present. It is tight, and still holding my cock erect. I just want to relax and sleep. Let my body just finally get some rest from all this crazy shit happening all at once.

"Don't give up little slut. You are going to be taken care of. I haven't forgotten about you." The voice fills the room again. I rub a hand at my forehead trying to block out any of the thoughts pouring into my mind. Images of people fucking me, the strange distortion of my body from Cassandera's curse. The sensation of being owned. I groan as everything crashes down on me at once.

"Get out of my head!" I shout at the room, and I open my eyes sitting up on my elbows to find Cassandera sitting in the opposite corner of the tiny space. We are no more than a foot apart in the small room, but the distance between us feels daunting. Especially since I am tethered to the spot by a cock sucking machine that feels impossible to remove.

"Don't be like that little horse cock lover." Cassandera sits forward and goes to press a fingertip to my cheek but I withdraw trying to keep my distance as best I can. She frowns a little staring at me, "Still resistive to the bimbo curse. That is incredible. I can see that your libido, and your thirst for cum isn't going to break you. That's fine, I think that you are the solution I was looking for in creating the perfect product for Sato to start using on the masses."

"What are you talking about you disgusting c-" I feel my lips tingle further and even the movement of my tongue makes my body writhe in pleasure. I can't help but bit my lip trying to hold back an orgasm just from talking.

"My that is some awful language coming from our sperm donor. How can we show you off to Sato if you don't know how to mind your tongue? I have a solution. Let's make that cute little mouth of yours a little more... moist." The sudden sensation of overwhelming pleasure around my mouth makes me groan. I twist and writhe on the ground as changes begin to overtake my mouth. I reach my fingers up touching at my lips and I am greeted by an unfamiliar slick and sticky solution pouring from between my swollen lips. As my fingertips graze and rub at the skin that is puffed up under my nose the overwhelming sensation of extreme pleasure makes me moan in ecstasy as I orgasm from my mouth. Saliva dribbles onto my fingers and I hold my hand up in front of my eyes to see it isn't saliva... but cum. I quickly slip my finger between my lips to find myself fondling my mouth unable to feel any of my teeth, tongue, or anything familiar...

"That's it. Finger that pretty little fuck mouth of yours." I go to speak, but my lips no longer part aside from the shape they are forced into. I look back at her in horror removing my digit from between my lips feeling terrified and ashamed of what I must look like, "What's that my dear? Want to see?" the witch smiles down at me conjuring a mirror from midair and holds it so the light reflects perfectly showing my mouth as a gaping and accepting hole devoid of anything that resembles a regular mouth. I have the mouth of a blow up sex doll, with drooling girl cream instead of saliva fills my mouth. The lack of a tongue makes it impossible to make any sound other than a moan, and the vibrations of my voice on the inside of my throat make me almost cum from the over sensitized hole I was just cursed with.

"Ah don't worry; I won't leave it like this for long. I just want to have some fun before I leave you to talk with the owner of the Sato corp here." Cassandera stands up and the machine sucking on my dick fires to life causing me to gasp and moan in pleasure. She unzips her tight black jeans and frees her mammoth cock from its cage swinging the savory smelling meat in front of my eyes. The room is so small I don't have a choice but to sit there and watch as she moves closer to me. With my own stiff erection being held in place by the masturbating tube I am overly compelled to lean into her scent and accept the invading cock between my now swollen and sensitive lips. She bottoms out in my throat with ease, and I feel no sensation of gagging or discomfort. Only pleasure fills my body as she slams her hips against my chin slapping her heavy balls against my throat. I groan around her meat unable to close my lips or really do anything as she pulls back and forth into my open mouth and throat. Each time her mushroomed tip rubs at my sensitive lips a mini orgasm makes my spine tingle and my fingers clench at my thighs. I am completely lost as she controls and owns me. I am her little puppet ready to please only her.

The sense of shame digging at the back of my mind as I watch her stomach move closer and further from my vision only makes me shiver with pleasure. I am such an idiot, I can't believe I got caught up in this... and I am actually enjoying the overwhelming pleasure sensation. I feel the machine start sucking on my cock in time with the witch fucking my face. I can't help but close my eyes as I cum hard from the sensations overtaking my now sensitized doll mouth. Girl drool dribbles down my chest and I moan as I feel the tube wrapped around my oversized horse meat suck up every last ounce of cum I produce. Rope after rope of my seed pouring into the machine only to disappear down its hungry tubing.
