 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 30: Unwinding

After he escaped the embarrassing bath episode, Caleldir sat by the fire and shivered upstairs in their room. Selene wasn't making things less awkward; she was determined to sit on the bed in grumpy silence. He looked over at Ashyr once the second drow entered. "I never thought the day would come where I would feel guilty for running away like that." He said ruefully. "She looked like a kicked puppy when I left." He sighed. "So... that was incredibly awkward. Why did our Paladin have to be dedicated to the freakin goddess of hedonism?" He shook his head. "There is something wrong when I have to turn to you, Ashyr, as the voice of reason and moderation in sexual matters."

"Don't feel bad, Cal." Ashyr assured him. "Althaia was the one being mean to Cieraela, not you. And it's Althaia who will no doubt comfort her. The human will feel better fairly soon, I'll wager." She walked up to him and wrapped her arms around his neck from behind. Her lips pressed against his cheek in an affectionate kiss. 

At Ashyr's touch, the stressed Caleldir noticeably relaxed. He reached up and entwined his hand with hers. "Thank you, Ashyr. You always make me feel better. Yeah, I suppose it was mostly Althaia's fault."

"I still can't believe she can go on being a paladin after pulling that shit." Selene grumbled. "You'd expect that sort of cruelty from a drow - tricking someone into bed by dangling someone better in front of them and then letting them be rejected. She had to know how he'd react to that filthy little human." Had she just admitted out loud that she thought Caleldir, a man, was better than Althaia? Nah. She was just speaking from the perspective of the human. Yeah. That was it.

"Aw, Selene, are you offended that someone is out-eviling you?" Ashyr taunted with an amused chuckle. "I'm sure Althaia doesn't see all that the same way."

Despite himself, Caleldir laughed. "Wow, Selene, you really do need to turn in your Evil Drow card. After all, you have been outdone for sheer manipulation by an unfallen Paladin! Just let that sink in for a moment..." He shook his head, amusement on his face, then sighed. "Far be it from me to try to get inside the head of that woman, but I am familiar with Felesh and Aelsuna's teachings, and so I can venture a guess as to her motivations. Felesh is the Goddess of hedonism, of course, and teaches that you should follow your lusts and desires to their full enjoyment. As long as pleasure is had by all, it is good in her eyes. She thinks that any denial of desires between individuals mutually attracted to each other can only result from a sickness of mind, and should be pushed aside for the enjoyment of all. Hence, when Althaia saw that Cieraela desired me, and I found her attractive, it is very likely that she thought that the best thing for both of us would be to have sex. She then proceeded to find every way possible of tempting me into such a position, knowing that either I would cave, and she would win, or I would not, and she would be able to 'comfort' the poor rejected girl, in which case she would also win. Althaia never plays a losing game, I observe." 

With that, he stood up. "And, with that little psychoanalysis of our psychotic acquaintance, shall we retire for the night?" If it had just been Ashyr, this was where he would have suggested that they do... something else, but with Selene there he decided not to do any such thing. He would just force down his arousal through force of will, like he always did before meeting these two.

"I'm definitely ready for bed." Ashyr agreed with Caleldir. Her usual grin spread across her face. She was ready for bed, but clearly not quite ready for sleep. Althaia's collateral damage still ran strong in her mind and body. Selene's presence did nothing to stop her from those sorts of ideas. Her cousin simply gave her more options.

The younger drow did not miss Ashyr's tone, and found herself feeling much the same as her cousin did. She looked up at the other two in the room with lust in her eyes, the petulant expression from feeling outdone by Althaia fading away. The pale yellow dress seemed to melt from her body onto the bed before it disappeared entirely. Her tongue ran from one corner of her mouth to the other in a slow, sensual motion. She made a short query with an almost imperceptible hand motion. Ashyr signed back in the affirmative.

Ashyr slid in front of Caleldir, also suddenly naked. "I saw that you were in a bit of distress despite not wanting to sleep with the human." The older drow observed. She watched out of the corner of her eye as Selene stood and began to sway toward the two of them. Meanwhile, Ashyr's hand brushed against the front of his trousers, a scant layer of clothing between her touch and his manhood. "I can help you take care of that. I imagine it would be very uncomfortable to sleep otherwise."

Caleldir stepped back a bit from Ashyr. "Ms. Duskhaven!" He said with feigned shock. "Are you trying to seduce me? You saw where that got Cieraela..." 

"Is that what she was trying to do to you?" Ashyr asked in feigned surprised realization when Caleldir reminded her that Cieraela had tried and failed at the same task. "It looked more like she was being pushed around the pool while she blushed and smiled a lot." A wicked smile crossed her lips as she nipped playfully at his neck. "You do that to me all the time, save for the pool part. Have you been trying all along to seduce me from the start?"

She knew that was different- of course it was different. Ashyr just wanted to poke a little fun at him. Especially when it made him fail to notice Selene stalking him from behind. She enjoyed his surprised reaction when he finally felt her cousin's touch. When he turned slightly, her hand snaked under his shirt and dragged across his rune like she'd seen Selene manage that one time. It worked as intended; the surprised Caleldir was now surprised AND naked in front of Selene. The younger drow pressed her naked body against his. Her hands snaked around his form. One went to his manhood, the other idly brushed against his torso. Ashyr pressed forward to him as well, encasing him in naked drow loveliness. The ranger stood on tiptoe and her hands reached up to his head to pull it down to kiss Caleldir deeply.

"You know you can't resist the both of us." Selene murmured to him with a husky voice that dripped with sexuality. "We don't even need to tie you down." 

Caleldir returned Ashyr's kiss with enthusiasm, because at this point, how could he not? Both of his arms went around Ashyr to pull her close. When the kiss ended, he was breathing noticeably hard. He was near instantly even more aroused than he had been in the bath, which was really saying something. "But I do not want to admit that I can't resist both of you..." he protested. Honestly, he hardly knew how to react to Selene when she was with Ashyr like this. When it was just the two of them, he would mouth off and she would molest him, and it was very erotic (not that he wanted to dwell on that admission). But with both drow coming at him in unison, he felt stumped. "Well, the two of you together are a lot stronger than one of me." Caleldir finally admitted ruefully. "So I suppose that tying me down would be redundant." Sandwiched between the two of them, he seemed at once rigid and stressed and strangely relaxed and pliable.

Stereo laughter surrounded Caleldir. Ashyr's was more playful and happy, Selene's dark and amused. Together it likely sounded quite threatening. The younger drow's hand rested against her cousin's hip, which let them both to maneuver everyone to the large bed in the room. All the while their hands roamed freely across his trapped body. When they got to the bed, Ashyr pushed and Selene pulled, both with speed and dexterity.

Looking up at Selene - whose lap had ended up as his pillow while Ashyr settled on top of him - Caleldir swallowed. The sadistic drow unnerved him as much as she aroused him when viewed from... well, any angle, but especially this one. The way that the cousins moved though... it seemed almost familiar. He shuddered in memory of those infinitely insatiable individuals. "Have you two been taking lessons from the nymphs?" He asked. "Or are you just relatives of theirs?"

Selene brushed his face caressingly with the back of her hand as an evil smirk pulled at one corner of her mouth. She very much liked the view from where she sat. Caleldir forced to look up at her, and Ashyr's more feral but still lovely body in plain sight were both very pretty sights. "We've just done this more than a few times, dear." Somehow, she made the word 'dear' not very... well, endearing. "Though I have to say, it's been too long since last we properly did this."

"Eh, your males were boring. You played with them too hard." Ashyr responded with a shrug. She began to press soft kisses against the top of his sternum, then down the center of his body, shifting downwards as she did so. 

The evil smirk on Selene's face turned self-satisfied. There was a slightly far-away look in her eye as she remembered happy times from her past. That look passed quickly, and without the painful recollections of her more recent past for once. Her eyes refocused on the sight of Ashyr's mouth descending onto Caleldir's manhood. The flat of the older drow's tongue drew from his stones upward, and flicked across the head. At the end, Ashyr mischievous eyes were trained on Caleldir to watch his reaction. 

Selene took that time to cast the spell she'd used before, the one that brought pleasure instead of pain. Then with magic-infused fingertips she ran her hand over his jaw, down his neck, and across his shoulder.

Ah. Of course they had done this before. Although, he did not really want to think about how or who. Especially given the whole 'you played with them too hard' angle. That sounded rather ominous. Of course, it was rather hard to concentrate on that with the two drow doing... well, him. He let out a satisfied sigh, looking down to see Ashyr fellating him. "Ah... what have I done to deserve both of you..." he wondered out loud. From a certain point of view - that is, most men's - he really had an embarrassment of riches with these two. Caleldir let himself relax. There was still a part of him that wanted to bolt from all this sexual hedonism, but a larger part of him was simply determined to enjoy it. So he closed his eyes, and shivered against Selene's magical touch.

The drow met each other's eyes before coming to a quick decision. They moved across him in graceful actions. Ashyr moved up her body again, letting her aroused womanhood brush up the length of his dick as she passed it. He closed his eyes and caressed her hair, apparently waiting in anticipation for her to engulf him She teased as if she were going to do just that, but at the last moment she moved up farther. Her lips fell again on his, and her tongue invaded his mouth. His arms went up to embrace her, and began stroking up and down her back, groping her luscious bottom at least once or twice. He noticed that Selene slipped out from under him, and his head consequently fell into the bed, but he did not put much thought into the significance of that.

Meanwhile, Selene slipped away from him and no longer acted as his pillow. She shifted on top of him, behind Ashyr. Much like the time Ashyr had orchestrated Carlotta into a threesome, the younger drow positioned herself on his manhood and engulfed him as deeply as he would go. 

He sighed into Ashyr's mouth, tightening his embrace around her. "This switch again?" He whispered somewhat ruefully to her. Not that he could really complain.

"Yes. This time we can do it properly." Ashyr responded with her signature smile. Then she, too sighed with pleasure when she felt Selene's hand draw across her thigh and onto her core. Two slender fingers slipped inside her and began to work in and out while the younger drow shifted herself up and down against Caleldir with the same pace.

"Selene is a bit of a multitasker." The older drow explained with sighing, husky voice. She drew her tongue along the edge of his ear. 

The drow in question chuckled darkly when she heard her name. Her hips began to move a bit faster, her fingers a bit harder. As was usual with her, Selene's body spasmed against Caleldir before anyone else could. She rode her climax, and her hips and hands only faltered slightly. She lost control of the last of her pleasure spell, however, the power of it radiating out from her body wherever it touched naked flesh. Ashyr's eyes bulged. She found that her arms could no longer support her weight as she was forced into unexpected orgasm. She fell forward and slightly to the side to avoid smothering Caleldir.

"Lolth, Selene..." She gasped in obvious surprise. "Remind me to thank Althaia later."

"Wow..." Caleldir also gasped. "And I thought my sex magic was potent..." As if to demonstrate, he briefly telekinetically massaged Ashyr's womanhood, gently because he knew she had to be incredibly sensitive there at the moment. If Ashyr had determined to overwhelm him by ganging up her cousin, well, he would return the favor. 

Selene slowed to a stop. She had a self-satisfied smirk on her face that came as naturally to her as Ashyr's mischievous expression. That smile faded when her mind registered Ashyr's comment about the nymph. "Yes, I do believe us to be very much in the nymph's debt." The was a not-so-happy thought. Selene knew very well that the three of them would not fare well if Althaia was ever to get angry at them. The younger drow pulled herself away from Caleldir, and laid out on the bed beside the other two. She looked at him askance when he mention that his own sex magic. Eh, must be talking about his true form he always pulled out whenever they had a battle of sexual will. Selene had no idea that Caleldir discovered a new... talent. Whatever he said seemed to make Ashyr twitch and groan, though.

"It's probably nothing to worry about." Ashyr responded. Her motions were laborious, but she managed to shift herself back down on Caleldir's stomach now that she didn't have to make room for her cousin. "As long as we let her have her adventure... oh, and actually start having sex with her again. Which... we haven't done since getting our rings." Her grin was equal parts guilty and amused. Her usual mischief came back as she drew her tongue across Caleldir's chest and along one of his nipples.

"Not my fault. Last time I talked to her with that on the mind, she gave me a book instead." Selene said as she turned to run fingertips along Caleldir's arm. They were conversing like it was the most natural thing to do while simultaneously enjoying a naked man between them.

"Huh. Come to think of it, I think that Althaia has largely forgotten about the deal that she made with you." Caleldir mused. "She will remember when it is convenient, but it seems that those rings were not actually all that important to her. She never used them, after all. Sometimes I think that she is almost schizophrenic. One moment she is a complete... well, nymph, and the next moment she is a typical paladin."

Caleldir shivered a little against the two drows' touches. He kept one arm lazily around Ashyr, of course, but after what had happened last time he had tried to hug Selene he kept the arm on her side still. He shook his head a little. "I could never have imagined sleeping like this a month ago. You two seem to be corrupting me rather thoroughly." His tone was one of resignation, worry, and enjoyment alike.

It had been a long day, and so Caleldir telekinetically pulled the covers over the three of them, and similarly snuffed out the light. Ashyr rolled off of him and onto the bed next to him. Usually, Ashyr was between Selene and Caleldir. Both drow seemed fairly content where they were currently, though.

"Well, I wouldn't quite call it a deal anyway. I hinted at the possibility of there being more sex because these rings made it convenient." Selene clarified. "She just assumed that there was a deal. Or didn't and knew that we wouldn't be able to resist her either way." The young drow shrugged, but still seemed to be contemplating the subject. 

Ashyr shrugged. "Does it matter much if the outcome is the same?" She asked her cousin, who seemed to be thinking far too hard on the Althaia thing.

"Have to know people's motivations." Selene responded as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. She seemed to study Caleldir's arm for a moment, glanced back over to her older cousin, then lifted his arm to give her space to press against his torso and let his arm wrap around her. This was different from before when he'd tried to hug her. The biggest reason being that she was neither angry nor distressed and his presence wasn't as threatening when Ashyr was there. It also helped that she initiated and not him.

"We're not in the Underdark, dearest." Ashyr said with a smirk and an eye-roll. 

"Well, if nothing else, we know that a Paladin will not betray us." Caleldir decided to wrap up that conversation. "So no sense worrying." Althaia was not his favorite topic. His relatives seldom were.

Ashyr's crimson eyes flicked back up to Caleldir's. "How does it feel to be so corrupted? Soul-shattering? Or worse - not quite as bad as you thought?"

Caleldir let out a long sigh. "I am not certain. I feel guilty, yes, but not as guilty as I think I should." It helped(?) that it was hard to feel much besides contentment in the afterglow of sex while snuggled up against his two favorite drow like this. Well, he also felt tired: the happy sort of tired, from a long, mostly satisfying day. "I will probably start to feel quite guilty once we are close to the Eternal Halls (which, I should probably say, is the proper name of the monastery we are going to. I do not remember if I had ever mentioned that). For now, I mostly feel grateful. You two are the best things that have happened to me since I awoke from my long sleep." If it had just been Ashyr, he would have left things at that, but with her cousin there, that sounded way too mushy. His tone turned to irony. "Even if Selene is still a rapist. Which I am still a little bitter about, by the way." She was the one that started him on this path, after all. 

Selene blinked in confusion. Both of them? The best thing to happen to him? She would have expected him to say that about Ashyr, but... The younger drow nestled into Caleldir's arm, getting more comfortable than anything else. In the end she chose to attribute his words to her utter irresistibly. If not, then he had a simple case of a victim falling in love with his abuser. Nothing to dig too deeply into.

The older drow just smiled at his words. It was a soft expression, devoid of mischief or wickedness. She would have responded in kind; she would also consider him to be the best thing that happened to her since- for a very long time. It was far too undrowlike to say in front of her cousin. Instead, she shifted up slightly, pulled his face towards hers, and gave him a languid kiss that she hoped would communicate her feelings. Satisfied, she settled back down and let herself drift off to sleep with Caleldir not far behind.
