 Hi guys! Back again for another chapter. This one switches up our themes a little, featuring more transformations and magical themes, including female cock growth, futa/m sex, gender change and futa/f sex, along with my usual themes of cock growth, cock worship and slight mind break. If you are not into these themes, please go find a different story, if you are, enjoy the ride ;) 

***** 

I let out a moan and came as I felt John's 16 inch cock bottom out inside me and pump yet another massive load into my sensitive pussy. It had been four days since we had tried the bracelets for the first time - four hot, sexy, sweaty days of mindblowing sex, stopping only for food, drinks, smoke breaks and when we inevitably passed out on top of each other, and even those breaks were often combined with some form of sexual activity. 

We had suddenly been given the ability to act out our wildest, most implausible fantasies on each other, and the result were... spectacular. I had actually ended up dialing back his cock a little bit, which I never thought I'd do, just because I didn't want to black out every time he fucked me! 

As John stirred and slowly pulled out of me, his massive cock head sliding through my permanently soaked tunnel and out my clenching pussy lips eliciting another long shiver of pleasure, I looked around the apartment. 

It was trashed. 

It turns out four days of magically amped up, wild, kinky sex is not very good for keeping an apartment clean. "Shiiiiiit..." I moaned as John fell on the bed next to me. 

"What's up... babe..." John asked between deep breaths. I had improved his body several times over, but it looked like even these bracelets had limits, and four days of sex would leave anyone breathless. 

"We trashed the apartment!" I exclaimed, waving a hand through the general span of our once organized home. The couch had picked up some nasty looking stains from when I had indulged John's massive cumshot fantasies, the dining room table looked wobbly from the number of times he had bent me over it, and... and... When had we broken a chair? An image came ot my head of doing strip tease while he sat on the chair, and then suddenly having sex on the ground. Huh. The sex had been so mind blowing for so long that I had some foggy memories, like I had been on some crazy drugs for a few days. 

Well, these bracelets were crazier than any drug, so I guess it made sense. I absently tapped John's arm, eliciting another groan. "Come on you big lug, we need to clean uuup!" I whined at him. 

John rolled over, blinking worn out, blissed out eyes at me. "Oh... yeah... you're right..." With a seemingly great amount of effort, he pushed himself off his bed. "You're a witch, I never got why you don't have some spell or something to clean the apartment." 

I rolled my eyes, sitting up much more spryly than him. "For the hundredth time, that's not how magic works!" I answer him, exasperated. 

"Yeah, yeah." He shakes his wrist, and the bracelet of blue beads wrapped around it, at me. "You also said magic can't just... transform a person's body. Yet here we are." To prove his point, my hair abruptly shimmered, turning the crimson red I, like many girls my age, had dyed it in high school. 

I scowled at him, then bit my lip. "I... I don't know. I've never even heard of anything like this, outside of fairy tales and bad sex stories. I don't know if there's some limit, or cost, or what." 

John's face went very sober. "Do you think that they could be dangerous?" His eyes flicked down to the innocuous looking bracelet, a shadow of fear passing of his face. 

I shook my head, my red locks flying around me. "No... not dangerous. If they were going to have some side effects, I think we would've noticed it by now." We eyed each other for a moment, the sudden seriousness of the conversation lowering our hormones for the first time in days, 

John sighed, then looked up with a little smile. "Well alright, let's do what we can for this apartment!" 

----------------- 

A few hours later, we both collapsed back onto the freshly laundered bed, and I let out a contented sigh. It hadn't been easy, but we had restored the apartment to some semblance of order, with John even managing to patch up the chair and the table. I lay there for a moment, letting out a happy little sigh of a job well done, when John suddenly spoke next to me. 

"Hey Victoria... I was wondering..." I looked over to his face had gone a little red. "Not that I mind destroying you with this giant thing you put on me, but... had you thought about our other fantasies?" 

I cocked my head at him, confused. What are you talking about? You wanted to change it up?" 

John nodded, blushing a little harder. I fought to keep the smile off my face at his awkwardness. "Hooow so?" I asked. I had an idea, but I wanted to drag it out of him. 

"Well I... um, y'know." His head dropped back and he chewed on his lip for a moment. "Here, let me just..." I saw both of our bracelets flash blue, and I was greeted by yet another brand new sensation. 

My pussy, and my clit especially, suddenly felt really warm, and tingling.I lifted my panties up and noticed why - my clit had grown! Before my eyes, it reach the size of my thumb, then kept growing. 

With a yelp, I quickly pushed my pantties off, revealing that my clit was as long as my index finger now - and starting to change shape! A wicked smile came to my face as I looked between my ever growing clit and my boyfriend, who was now blushing even deeper, and I figured out what was happening. A fantasy he had shared with me, and which had caught my attention since I first saw it. 

As I continued staring at my crotch, my smile grew nearly as quickly as my clit, and within seconds, my clit finished its transformation into a veiny, seven inch cock that, after a moment of study, I realized was identical to his before I started growing it. I arched an eyebrow as the brand new sensation of the pulsing, throbbing organ rushed through me. "So..." my voice went a little deeper from arousal, "What were you hoping I'd do with this?" 

John stared into my eyes and said nothing, just suddenly shifting and moving down the bed, holding my gaze the entire time. He kept staring at me with those beautiful fucking eyes as his face lowered and I felt my boyfriend's mouth wrap around it's first cock. 

The feeling was electric. Either whatever he had done to my pussy had carried over to my new endowment, or cocks just actually felt this great all the time, but either way, my hips jumped up, seemingly of their own accord, and 4 inches of newly formed girl cock entered my boyfriends wet, unfamiliar mouth. 

John started to gag around the unfamiliar feeling of my new, thick cock hitting the top of his throat. I winced, "Sorry honey!" I apologized before wishing John had a perfect mouth and throat for cocksucking. Immediately I leaned back, luxurious waves of pleasure emanating through my body, and all coming from one place - this new, thick, cock, that my boyfriend was currently trying to deepthroat. My new, thick, cock. 

I felt my new endowment pulse at the mere thought, and my entire body seemed to tighten as my length did. I felt something completely new, like a surge of pleasure trying to burst forth from inside of me. Am I cumming? Do I even have balls? 

It turns out the bracelets didn't care about such minor things as human physiology, and as John's bearded face reached my crotch and my cock reached the back of his perfect throat, I let out a giant stream of cum. I shuddered, my eyes rolling back at the new and unfamiliar experience of cum shooting out of my cock, of watching my boyfriend deepthroat my cock, of his throat moving as he attempted to swallow my massive load, of his tongue (oh yeah, I had made his tongue longer, hadn't I?) wrapping around my length. 

After what seemed like minutes, by arching body collapsed back onto the bed, sweating from the terrific exertion of my first phallic orgasm. I looked down to see John slowly backing off my thick length, a little leak of thick, white cum dribbling from the corner of his mouth. He gave me a shy little smile, and I felt my new endowment, barely softened from my first orgasm, twitch and begin to resume its previous state of steel-like hardness. 

I arched an eyebrow at him again. "So... how'd you like sucking your first cock?" His face went red in response. John had told me before that he was bi, and into cocks, he had just never been with a guy before. "Oh c'mon, did you like iiiit?" I ask, a little note of teasing in my voice. 

"Yeah..." he answered slowly, still reflecting on the experience. "Yeah, I did!" He gave me a satisfied grin, before looking down to see my dick, which had resumed its previous size and hardness. He gave me a quick look, and dropped back down, beginning to kiss my twitching length, running his tongue along the little leftover streams of cum that he hadn't caught previously. 

My cock twitched as I watched my gorgeous, bearded, manly boyfriend have his first semi-gay experience - with my cock! I couldn't get over how perfect my new cock was, and the fact that it was mine just made it even more perfect. I moaned, feeling every movement of John's perfect wet mouth and long, flexible tongue over my gorgeous length. My moans only got louder when the sensation began to change, the tingling from earlier returning. I realized, with another luxurious moan, that my cock was getting bigger - the bracelets magic picking up on some desire of John's for me to get even larger. 

Of course, I didn't realize that John's own massive length was now shrinking, and even as mine hit over a foot of hot cock buried down my boyfriend's throat, his had reached it's original, admittedly hefty size, and kept dwindling. I looked down just in time to see John bottom out on my cock, which appeared to have stopped growing, but felt like easily a foot and a half of thick dick. I pulsed, and thought for a moment that I was going to cum again (and what an orgasm this monster would be!) but I managed to catch myself. 

"Get up!" I told him, barely noticing the authority that had slipped into my voice. All I knew is that this new dick had me feeling gooood, and that John responded immediately, standing and bending over a nearby desk, answering a command I hadn't even uttered. I might've noticed something there, but something about this just felt... right. 

And it felt even more right when I lined up my massive, fist sized cockhead against my boyfriend's ass - which I would've noticed suddenly looked a lot more taut and hairless that it had before, had I been paying attention to anything besides the incessant urges of my massive member. John let out a high little groan of pleasure as my impossibly thick head pressed against him, and I felt a sudden twinge as my cock let out a tacky stream pre cum, soaking my increasingly submissive boyfriend's ass. 

John started bucking back a little bit, obviously desperate for penetration - his first real penetration. I mean, he had taken my finger and the occasional toy, but nothing near this size. A small sympathetic thought flitted by, and I absently wished his ass could handle my length without pain, or at least, without too much pain. With that, I pushed my hips just the slightest bit forward, and my fist sized cock head popped into my boyfriend's needy hole, it's way forward eased by the lube like precum the seemed to be leaking incessantly from my cock head. 

John threw his head back as his ass popped open around my incredible thickness, and a strangled sounding moan forced its way from his throat. "Do you like that?" I asked, the incredible power of my situation filling me with dominant urges. 

"Yeeess!" John cried out. I missed the femininity that seemed to have worked it's way into his voice as another inch of my cock slid into the unbelievable tightness of my new-found slut's ass. Wait, did I just call John my slut? For a second, I felt like something was wrong - then John's hips bucked back and forced 3 more inches of my arm-thick cock into him, and any thought I might have had vanished into the warm tightness of my slut's ass. 

I reached forward and grabbed John's hips, slowly forcing myself deeper into him, the magic of the bracelets allowing him to take every inch of my powerful length, but not making it easy, for either of us. As John's arms buckled, I growled out, "Make me stronger, make your new mistress strong enough to really make you my bitch!" Immediately, there was a flash of blue and I felt my body begin tightening, not losing any of my feminine figure, but suddenly toning up all around. I grinned at the feeling of strength flowing through my enhanced muscles, and with a heavy groan, I pulled my bitch the rest of the way back, impaling him entirely on my foot and a half of thick pulsing cock. I could feel my monster member still pumping away stream of thick precum, filling his ass, making it easier for me to really start fucking his tight hole. 

And so I did. My new muscles, which seemed primarily to be in my core and upper legs, allowed me to start bucking my hips with more force than I ever thought i could, half of my veiny 18 inches sliding out of his clutching, desperate ass with every thrust, then pounding back in, forcing another needy moan from his throat. Is this what it feels like for him every time? I wondered, looking over my once dominant boyfriend's form as I filled him with my girl cock, and noticed the changes to his body for the first time. He looked over thinner, smoother... he looked less like the tall, handsome man I'm dating, and more like a twink, involved in the hottest porno I've ever seen. 

Rather than alarm, that realization just me harder, a feat I didn't even think was possible, and picked up my pace more. John's moans had stopped, and he just lay collapsed on the bed, his tongue hanging out and his eyes rolled back from the nonstop pleasure of being dominated by his incredibly hung girlfriend. Or maybe... maybe he's the girlfriend. The thought had barely crossed my mind before the bracelets began to glow far brighter than I had ever seen. 

As the light faded, John began to change. As I fucked his ass, it perked up, rounding even more as his legs lost the last of their hairs, and his legs began to thin out. Actually, all of his body was thinning out! Before my eyes my boyfriend's arm became thin and delicate, his waist cinched in even as his hips flared, and I noticed his chest widen. I bent a little bit realized his chest had ballooned outwards with some of the biggest tits i had ever seen. My mouth began to water as I took in my boyfriend's rapidly changing form. 

The last thing to change was his face, the last of his beard fading away even as his brown hair grew out, becoming a long, luxurious mane of thick hair, long enough to reach half way down his back. His entire face changed - I could still see his features, but only faintly behind the overwhelmingly feminine cast they had gained. Finally, as his lips filled out into the kind of perfect crimson limbs that made me fantasize about them being wrapped around my new cock, my girlfriend's eyes opened, revealling those same cornflower blue eyes, with nothing but desperate, submissive need in them. 

That did it. I grabbed my bitch's hips and showed her who she belonged to as my thick cock pulsed faster and harder, and I felt an orgasm many times larger than my earlier, seemingly large, load forcing it's way up my massive length. My moans gained volume and height with my cock toy's as she must've also felt the tell-tale thickening of my impending orgasm. Finally, I felt it burst forth, and my mind went blank.