 Mark Phoenix didn't believe in fate, but recent events had started him thinking maybe there was something to all this fate mumbo jumbo?

It was 6am on a cool Saturday morning in October when Mark woke up from a deep and peaceful sleep. No alarm clocks were needed, after many years of owning his own business and then the past few years working in HVAC, he just always woke up at that time. But today was different, today was the first day of his so-called retirement.

He hadn't planned on retiring at 50, but after his wife gave him the "I'm leaving you" speech a little over a month ago. They had sold off their house within two weeks, thanks to a hot housing market, and then sold their furniture and other belongings at auction. After they paid the legal fees and the rest of their debts, they split the remaining funds leaving them just under a million each. 

Not enough to retire and live a life of luxury, but that wasn't the type of life he wanted anyway. 

Mark stepped out of his trailer into the Walmart parking lot and walked across the lot to the McDonald's restaurant to use their washroom facilities and grab some breakfast. 

The trailer was the one item his wife, Alice, had insisted he keep. Not only did it have all his hunting and fishing equipment in it, but he could live in it until things got finalized since his best friends lived on a ranch a couple of hours out of the city in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains in central Alberta.

She would be staying with a friend, which turned out was someone she had been seeing on the side for who knows how long and Mark didn't really care for any details.

Neither the speech, nor her infidelity, had really caught Mark by surprise, in fact, there had been numerous times during the past few months that he had considered giving her "the speech". Their lives had been full of turmoil the past couple of years and their sex life was simply non-existent. 

Things had stabilized financially and they were making ends meet, but it was clear that short of winning the lottery, things were never going to go back to living the opulent lifestyle in their large lake front house, hosting dinner parties for all of Alice's personal and business friends.

Mark had been forced to change careers 2 years ago after the successful IT company he had owned and operated for over 20 years ran into some serious legal and social media problems thanks to a couple of careless employees leaking some sensitive data. Customers started taking their business elsewhere and he was forced to downsize, then eventually close the doors or risk going into bankruptcy. He couldn't even sell the company, he just closed the doors, backed up all the data and encrypted the drive, wiped all the computers and hard drives and sold all the equipment and furniture.

A job of opportunity came along as one of his long time customers of his IT company, had just lost a couple of employees, so he took a job as an HVAC apprentice. It was one of the higher paying trades and while he was the oldest apprentice they had ever had, he was doing OK at it and they were paying him above the industry average. With work being very demanding, both physically and mentally, most days he was just drained by the time he got home and, since he had hit the big 5-0, he was finally starting to feel his age, having problems with his back and knees.

Mark had never been afraid of change and had a very sharp mind which allowed him to learn things quickly. Throughout his life he had worked in more than a dozen drastically different jobs, IT of course, but also roughneck on oil rigs, grain elevators, truck driver, carpenter, landscaper, you get the idea... He had truly reinvented his life numerous times, just like his namesake and the only tattoo that Mark had, a phoenix on his left bicep.

One advantage to the job was that he had lost a lot of weight and was in better shape physically than anytime he worked in IT. He was 6'3" and was down to 220lbs, he kept his brown hair buzzed short to keep the grey at bay and his appearance, mannerisms, humour and wit often had people guessing his age to be in the 30s. 

After Alice had delivered the speech, Mark had phoned his best friend, Joseph, and his wife Katherine and apprised them of the situation. He also arranged to drive out to the ranch to get his trailer so he had something to live in until things were finalized.

Joe and Kat had owned a business that had been one of his IT customers from way back when he started the company. They had built their business up to the point that they ended up getting an offer they couldn't refuse and sold it to a competitor for a lot of money. Now they were free to follow their dream of owning a ranch. Joe, Kat and Mark were all born and raised out in rural Alberta, their kindred spirits and country upbringing is why they had became such good friends.

The ranch was very much a family business... owned and operated by Joseph, Katherine and the kids, Annabelle and Jason. They had got a great deal on a run-down ranch with thousands of acres of surrounding land. Mark was out there quite frequently helping get the ranch established and even worked as a wrangler on some of their trail rides, which is why he left his trailer out at the ranch. It was just more convenient to leave it there than to find some place in or near the city to store it.

Joe, Kat and Mark had often talked about Mark and Alice building their own house on the ranch, but it was only ever a dream since there was no way Alice would ever leave the city and live out in the middle of nowhere as she termed it. Once the house sold and they had a rough idea how much money Mark would be getting, it looked like Mark coming to live on the ranch was going to become a reality. 

On that day Mark gave his notice to his employer and had agreed to work the next two weeks rather than just quitting and leaving them short-handed. If nothing, Mark was loyal and hardworking, he would always go out of his way to make sure everything was taken care of.

Despite Mark's world being turned upside down for the past month, it seemed that by playing the cards fate had dealt that he was actually going to come out better by it! A blessing in disguise as he now realized how much he had stifled his life to be with Alice in the city.

He finished his breakfast and was soon on the road and starting the two plus hour trip out to the ranch to begin this new adventure. 

The drive was relaxing and uneventful, the skies were clear and blue, there was no wind and all the leaves that remained in the trees were yellows, oranges and reds which contrasted nicely with the various shades of the evergreen trees. It was a very scenic drive to take in the early morning when the rising sun begins to shine on the Rocky Mountains in the distance.

Mark started feeling a bit nervous the last few miles as he approached the ranch, but that feeling quickly faded as he crested the hill exposing the valley filled with colourful trees and the green roofs of the ranch buildings off in the distance. He turned his truck and drove under the big overhead ranch gate made out of logs with a sign saying "Henderson Ranch" and found himself looking down the lane toward the ranch, trees and mountains in front of him. 

He had this sensation sweep through his body... this is where he was wanted to be more than any place else in the world!

The ranch was mostly concealed from view by the highway because the area had lots of mature Aspen, Poplar and evergreen trees, transitioning to mostly evergreen trees beyond the ranch and up into the foothills. When driving down the paved lane all you can really see is the entrance of the lodge and the loop feature in front of it nearly a half mile away.

The right side of the lane was split into fenced pastures with white wood fences for the horses' safety. The left side had white fenced paddocks all the way down the lane, each with a shelter on the north side.

After the paddocks was a large 130'x200' outdoor arena with a groomed clay/sand base so it didn't turn into a big muddy mess when it rained.

The barn was a rundown long brown building with white trim and green roof, it had forty 10'x12' stalls with equipment lockers. The ranch itself had about 20 horses and the rest were all horses that people paid to have boarded there.

The primary income source for the ranch was the boarding, although the day rides, trail rides, horse training, riding lessons and lodging did contribute to the ranch being quite profitable. 

There was premium boarding, where the horse got to stay in the heated barn each night, had their own gear lockers and daily turnout to their own paddock during the day. There was outdoor boarding where each horse was kept outside in an individual paddock with a shelter, bedding, food and water. Then there was budget boarding where a half dozen horses were just kept in a group pasture with shelters, salt licks, a water trough and bales of hay to eat.

The boarding was consistent year-round, everything else was seasonal or weather dependent, although the lodge was becoming more of a year-round source of income.

At the back of the clearing was the lodge with a big 30' round loop feature in front featuring two trail riders on horses and was filled with flowers and a few shrubs. It was also where the ranch septic tank was buried. Fortunately, there was a water well on the property, so water supply was not an issue.

The lodge itself was a large two-storey log building that was shaped like a W with a wall of windows for the main entrance connecting the two lower points of the W, there was three steps up to the covered 6' wide porch which ran the entire length of the right side of the W, whereas the left side was built out covering the porch. 

As you came in the entrance, the lobby area looked like a campground, complete with artificial turf instead of carpet. There was a couple of hexagonal picnic tables for eating, playing games, or whatever you wanted. 

Off to the right side was a feature wall made of logs, with a big gas fireplace surrounded with a rock chimney that went all the way to the peak of the roof. There were 3 couches arranged around it and a TV mounted above the mantle. 

To the left side of the feature wall was a 6' wide hallway with lots of windows providing lots of natural light looking out into the courtyard area. 

There were ten rooms down this wing, five rooms on the ground level and five rooms on the upper level. 

Each room was roughly 12'x15' with a dresser, a desk, a king-size bed with two night tables and a PTAC unit mounted above the large central window for individual room heating and cooling.

The ranch offered wireless Internet, but there were no TV's in any of the rooms as most people came out to the ranch to get away from all the technology.

Due to the difficulties with plumbing out in the country, there was a single bathroom with shower on each level, located in the room nearest the lobby.

The middle peak of the W was a 20'x20' gym on the ground level, which had a rubberized floor with some free weights, dumbbells, a punching dummy, an elliptical, a treadmill and one of those multi-gym units that you can do dozens of exercises on. There were windows along the 3 outside walls looking out into the courtyard. The interior wall on the lobby side featured a small 4 step landing that then branched off to both hallways on the upper level.

The upper level was an open area with windows along the 3 outside walls and a pull-down projector screen on the front wall overlooking the courtyard with a projector mounted to the ceiling. It was a large enough area for the workouts and for small weddings when they couldn't be held out in the courtyard.

It was also where the family did their workouts and practised martial arts when it was too cold to do them out in the courtyard. With Joe's military background he had insisted on everyone learning martial arts to instill discipline, confidence, focus and values.

To the left of the lobby was the ranch office and store/gift shop which ran almost the entire width of the wall with a door on each side.

The left door went into the dining room portion of the kitchen in the family's living quarters. The right door went into the kitchen area and was one of those doors that can swing both directions.

The kitchen and pantry wrapped around the office, the living room was the open space facing the courtyard, the master bedroom occupied the entire width of the far end wall and there was two bedrooms and the washroom along the outside wall.

The washroom was actually a locker room with a group shower. It had a single central water system with 4 shower heads off it. So when having a shower, you were looking at anyone else that was also having a shower. Since they were a fairly sexually liberated family and occasional nudists, it just seemed like a more efficient way of getting cleaned up and ready for the day after their morning workout, which they did together very morning.

The upper level was just like the upper level on the other wing. There was a washroom and shower closest to the lobby, then 5 rooms going down the wing. The rooms on this side were a bit larger and featured two queen-size beds with a single night table between them instead of the king-size beds and two night tables.

On the backside of the house was the courtyard area, it was a large patio area covered in artificial turf. There was a barbecue, a couple of hexagonal picnic tables with umbrellas, a large hot tub, and two outdoor gas fire pits with benches around them. The kitchen also had a sliding window setup to function as a bar for events in the courtyard.

The courtyard area was quite expansive when you considered each wing of the building was almost 100' in length. There was a waist high rock wall surrounding it completing the connection between the two wings. From the air, the building was shaped like a baseball diamond.

With the weather still being warm the ranch was a pretty busy place by the time Mark got out there, but they saw Mark driving up the lane and were waiting outside the barn to greet him.

Joe was a cowboy through and through, he was 56 years old and stood 5'11", with silver hair, grey eyes and he always had a moustache. He was in very good shape for his age, partly because of the cowboy lifestyle, but mostly because of his military background and that he trained martial arts every day.

Kat was 5'8" with blue eyes, shoulder length brown hair, soft red lips, large natural D-cup breasts and a gorgeous ass. Being a cowgirl kept her body lean and fit as she looked more like a 20-something than a 42-year-old. She was a former rodeo queen, she did most of the riding lessons and was a certified horse trainer.

They both had smiles on their faces as Joe shook Mark's hand and hugged saying he was glad he came out, then Kat just hugged him and gave him a big kiss on the lips saying she was glad he was joining them.

The kiss on the lips didn't surprise Mark. He knew the family was very sexually liberated, especially during the early days of the ranch when it was more clothing optional. He'd often seen the family nude and had joined them a few times. Usually it was in the hot tub or showers at the end of the day, but as the ranch got busier they abandoned their nudist ways when people were around.

When Kat left to prep for another riding lesson, Joe directed Mark to park his trailer and then meet him over at the workshop.

The workshop was just that, a place where all the tools lived and where any tinkering got done. It was actually where the original house was on the ranch. They had lived in the little house until the lodge was completed, but it was in serious need of repairs so they demolished it and built the workshop.

It was heated and was where they did some blacksmithing, wood working, leather work and mechanical work. It had a garage door, hydraulic lift and a single girder crane that allowed moving heavy things pretty much anywhere in the shop. It was well lit and heated with an epoxy coated concrete floor.

Mark parked his camping trailer in his usual spot, beside the family's big fifth wheel trailer, and plugged in the extension cord so the trailer didn't have to work off battery and solar power, then parked his truck with the other family vehicles. 

He met Joe in the workshop where he was connecting the blade accessory to the front of one of the Gators in preparation for the coming winter. 

For those of you that don't know, a Gator is a utility vehicle manufactured by John Deere. Those things can pretty much go anywhere and have lots of accessories.

Shortly after Kat finished her riding lesson, Maria announced over the radios that lunch was ready.

Maria was the ranch's only true employee, she was a Hispanic woman, 30 years old, short black hair, nice C-cup breasts and a very curvy set of hips. She was married and lived on an acreage a few miles away, her husband worked for an oil & gas company and was often away on business and she just liked having a part-time job to keep her busy and people around to socialize with. 

She came in on the weekends or whenever anyone was staying at the lodge, which was pretty much full-time during the summer months. She was the official cook and housekeeper. She cleaned all the rooms when people checked out and she made the lunches and suppers at the lodge. 

Her daughter, Sofia was 14 and went to the same school as Annabelle and Jason and would hitch a ride home everyday so she could spend some time with her horse they kept boarded at the ranch. 

Whenever there was no school, she would come to the ranch with her mom and help with meals, cleaning rooms, landscaping or whatever else they could use her help with and Joe and Kat even paid her for when she was there helping, which made both women very happy. 

This Saturday though, Sofia was at home with her dad.

Lunch was a simple affair, today's soup was beef barley vegetable and there was a variety of sandwiches, bags of potato chips and soft drinks or bottled water to drink. They sat at one of the picnic tables in the lobby and ate as they usually did.

The lunch conversation was about how things were going at the ranch and how happy they were to have someone around to help with the ranch, rides and chores. They also appreciated him not wanting a regular wage, which is why they had a surprise to show him after lunch.

Mark had agreed to not take a wage and just take his usual cut of the profits from each of the tours. With the money he had and the very low cost of living out on the ranch, his money would last him the rest of his days.

As they were finishing their lunch, someone came to talk with Joe. Seeing that Joe wasn't going to be right back, Kat grabbed Mark's hand and said it was time for his surprise as she led him upstairs.

She opened the door to the first king-size bedroom next to the washroom. "We decided we couldn't let you live in that trailer through the winter. So this room is now yours!"

Seeing Mark's vacant look, "You're welcome to live here indefinitely, or in the spring we could discuss the possibility of building you your own house like we've often talked about."

Mark smiled and said "I can't thank you enough for this!" 

"I can think of ways!" she said slyly as she pushed him back on the bed, climbed on top like a cat stalking it's prey and started kissing him passionately and rubbing her crotch on his rapidly growing erection. 

She straddled his waist while still grinding their groins together. He squeezed her ass and pulled her down against his now rigid cock. Then he sat up and buried his face in her cleavage, kissing the soft flesh. He could feel she wasn't wearing a bra under her shirt so he moved his mouth down the outside of her shirt and started nipping at her nipple with his teeth, causing her nipple to poke prominently out from her shirt. 
