 When they entered the lodge, Kat looked at Annabelle and mouthed "Did you guys fuck already?" to which Annabelle furrowed her brow and shook her head no. Kat pointed to her own crotch and then pointed at Annabelle, who looked down at her own crotch and saw that her pussy juice had soaked her crotch making it look like she had peed herself. 

She giggled, blushed and excused herself to go change. She came back wearing a pair of workout shorts and a t-shirt.

Supper was in the lobby area of the lodge with the day riders as day rides included a meal at the ranch, which they had selected before they left, since the return was right around supper time. 

Supper that night was steak, sweet potatoes, green beans, carrots and fresh-made buns. It was a nice friendly meal with good conversation. The riders just talked about how beautiful it was up in the mountains and how lucky they were to live among such beauty. The day riders left after the meal was finished and the table was cleared, vowing that they were definitely going to come back to try some of the other trails.

After that, the ranch was pretty quiet, there was a couple of campers out there, but there was no one staying in the lodge. Which is when Kat brought up that a group of 10 from Europe had called today and had booked the entire lodge for the week including lessons on Monday, trail rides Tuesday through Thursday and a day ride on Friday. This was welcome news as it would be some extra income before the end of the season. He just hoped that the Indian summer would hold out just a week longer.

Jason excused himself and left to go play video games, Joe, Kat, Mark and Annabelle continued to talk about the recent booking. Kat said she suspected the group was a bunch of nudists from the way they talked on the phone. 

They didn't advertise the ranch as being clothing optional, but there was one review on the website from a group of nudists that gave them 5 stars saying they had an awesome time and would recommend them to anybody! They had originally discussed removing the review, but then decided they'd leave it on the website as the group was fun and they did have some awesome sex during that trip!

After that talk was over Joe and Kat said they were going to hit the hay.

Once they left, Annabelle straddled Mark's lap and wrapped her arms around his neck, kissed him and said "Wanna go to my room?"

Mark's cock started hardening the second Annabelle straddled him, so he grabbed her ass and picked her up and carried her to the bedroom and laid her on the bed. They were kissing passionately and their hands were roaming each others bodies as they started removing each others clothes. 

Once they were naked, Annabelle sniffed the air and then herself and grabbed Mark by the cock and said "shower first" and led him to the locker room.

When they got to the showers, it was clear to both of them that Joe was fucking Kat from behind, his hands were squeezing her breasts and he was pinching her nipples. Kat was moaning and had her eyes closed.

Mark didn't think he could get any harder, but apparently he could and Annabelle could feel it too, so they backed out of the shower and went back to Annabelle's room.

As soon as they got back to her room, she jumped up on him and his cock ended up right where it needed to be as he slid into her silky warmth.

Mark held her up against the wall as he slowly fucked in and out of her pussy, her breasts pressed against his chest and their lips locked together in a passionate kiss.

"Harder, faster", she urged him on. He walked her to the bed and sat her on the edge, she lay back so Mark could watch his cock sliding in and out of the nubile teenager. Realizing he wasn't going to last much longer, Annabelle seemed to sense it as well as she begged "Please Mark, cum in me, I want to feel you explode deep inside. Make me a woman!"

Mark reached his tipping point and his cum started erupting deep into Annabelle's pussy. His climax triggering another orgasm for her, causing her pussy to spasm around his twitching cock, making sure every drop of his precious seed was extracted from his balls.

Satiated from their quick sexual encounter, Mark withdrew himself from Annabelle's pussy, pulled her up off the bed and kissed her deeply.

They walked to the shower naked, just in time to watch Kat extract Joe from her dripping pussy kneel down and then jerked him off into her mouth as well as all over her face and boobs. Annabelle and Mark made their entrance into the locker room known as they came in turned on their showers and adjusted the temperatures.

Now that Joe was spent, he finished his shower, exited and started drying himself off. Kat washed Joe's cum off her face and breasts, and was now eyeing Mark as she soaped up her breasts and pussy making sure they were squeaky clean.

Kat noticed the cum dripping down the inside of Annabelle's thigh as she got a gleam in her eye. "I see you've taken her cherry and made her a woman!"

Mark looked shocked as he asked "You were a virgin?" 

Annabelle nodded and said she had been saving herself for him to be her first. She then admitted that she had been sneaking dildos from her mother's collection for the past few years so she wouldn't appear so inexperienced.

Kat then exited the shower and dried herself off while Annabelle and Mark quickly finished their showers. Then she kissed both Mark and Annabelle good night and, as she was leaving, she turned to her daughter and said "Don't wear him out too much, I might want some of that tomorrow!"

They finished drying themselves off and retired to Annabelle's room. Mark wasn't able to recharge very quickly having already cum twice as much today than he had in the previous year, but Annabelle continued her ministrations and was eventually able to coax another load of cum into her pussy before they drifted off to sleep in each other's arms.

Sunday morning, Mark woke up at the crack of dawn, well more precisely the crack of Annabelle, since Mark's morning wood was between her legs. She was holding it between her nether lips as she rocked her hips back and forth. Sensing he was now awake she rolled over, positioned his cock at her tunnel of love and proceeded to mount him and as she kissed him.

Despite the fact that he needed to go to the washroom, she rode him fast and furious, like she was on a mission. Having those wonderful breasts bouncing above his face, he couldn't resist massaging them, pulling on her nipples and then sucking one every now and then. Soon she started to cum, and the pulsations inside her pussy triggered him to begin squirting another load of cum deep into her teen pussy.

Once the orgasm faded, they looked into each other's eyes with smiles on their faces and both said "Good morning!" and Annabelle added "Let's go work out!"

"Wasn't that what we just did?" Mark asked jokingly.

Laughing, she dismounted, grabbed a tissue and wiped the cum that was leaking out of her pussy. 

They got dressed in shorts and t-shirts walked to the workout area, where Joe and Kat were there waiting.

Kat asked "So how was last night?"

Mark faked a groan, "She's part Energizer bunny, she just kept going and going and going and..."

Annabelle cut him off saying "No! I was cumming and cumming and cumming!", which made them all laugh.

Jason then joined the group and asked "What was so funny?"

"Annabelle wore Mark out last night!" Kat answered.

Once everyone was ready, Kat started a 30-minute workout video. The workout was well paced and the scenery was incredible, the wall of the gym with the pull down projector screen, had lots of windows overlooking the courtyard, trees and mountains beyond. But Mark's view was Annabelle's behind, Kat was to her right with Joe behind her and Jason settled in beside Mark.

Once the workout was finished, Jason, being the self-appointed troublemaker, stated "AB might need a tune-up, she seems to be leaking fluids down her leg!" Then laughing he left to hit the showers. Joe laughed, shook his head and followed.

Kat sauntered over to Mark, then grabbed his shorts and pulled them down exposing his hard cock. Kat licked her lips, grabbed Mark's cock and leaned in to lick and kiss the tip. Annabelle joined her mother kneeling in front of Mark and they took turns licking and sucking his cock.

Before they could make Mark cum, the smell of bacon came wafting up from the kitchen and they realized Joe was making breakfast. Both girls said "Bacon!" at the same time and proceeded to stand up and start walking to the locker room, leaving Mark standing there with his shorts around his ankles and his now very hard cock bobbing in the open air. 

He sighed, pulled up his shorts and walked to the locker room.

When he entered the locker room, his cock was re-energized by the sight two gorgeous women washing themselves under the shower. Mark undressed himself and turned on his own shower. 

Throughout his shower the girls teased him by blatantly playing with themselves. His cock was almost painfully hard by the time they turned off their showers.

When they were drying themselves off, Kat bent over drying her hair as Annabelle mouthed the words "Fuck her!"

Mark got behind Kat and, seeing her pussy already glistening with wetness, slid his cock in to the hilt causing Kat to moan.

Annabelle sat on the bench playing with herself while Mark pumped his cock in and out of Kat's shaved slit. It didn't take too long before she felt Mark start to get even harder at which time she looked back over her shoulder and said "Fill my pussy Mark, Annabelle's had lots of your cum, it's my turn!"

Her encouragement had Mark's cock soon pumping his warm sticky cum deep inside his best friend's wife. Kat started bucking her ass back to draw him in deeper. Her pussy milking every last drop of cum out of him. Annabelle was close behind in achieving her own orgasm.

As soon as everyone had recovered from their recent orgasms, the smell of bacon came to the forefront of their senses again. They quickly cleaned up, got dressed and went downstairs for breakfast.

The breakfast conversation was mostly about upcoming events and plans for the day, until everyone's phone alarms went off at 7am. 

8am was typically about when people started showing up at the ranch, so that gave them an hour to get started on the chores and the ranch open for business. Trail rides and day rides could start as early as 9am, but people had to show up at least 30 minutes prior to their trail ride to assess the rider and get them setup with a horse. They tried to stagger the start times if they could, but day rides had to be on the trail at 9am so they would be back in time for supper. 

They didn't have any lessons or rides booked for Sunday, but people often just came out without notice hoping they could get a riding lesson or go on a quick trail ride.

Kat was going to run into the city to do some shopping and to restock the pantry for the group that was coming in so she would need Annabelle. The guys were left to do the chores and get the ranch ready for the day.

After the breakfast table was cleaned and the dishwasher was loaded and started. Kat grabbed her jacket and keys, kissed Mark and Joe and asked if anyone needed anything that wasn't on the list? With no one adding any requests, the girls left for the city.

Mark and Jason went to do the daily chores, which consisted of feeding and watering the horses in the barn, while Joe took a Gator along the fence line to see if repairs were needed. If any repairs were required, they would redirect horses to another paddock or pasture and then put fence repair on the ranch to-do list.

The ranch mares were then released out into the pasture and the boarded horses in the barn were guided to their own paddocks. The ranch stallions were put in one of the smaller group pastures. They would then feed and water the outdoor boarded horses and tend to the horses in the group pastures. Then they would move on to mucking out a few stalls, following a schedule which made sure each stall was cleaned every couple of days. 

Once all that was done, the ranch seemed to have an endless list of other stuff that needed to get done at some point. It just wasn't always high priority things.

Once the chores had been done, the rest of the day was pretty easy as they each did a few of the easier tasks that were on the list. A few people came out to spend some time with their horses, but that was about it. 

When Kat and Annabelle returned from the city, everyone helped unpack the truck, pack things in and then put things away in the kitchen. There was a lot to pack in and put away with a weeks worth of food for the extra 10 people.

The incoming group had booked the entire lodge which also includes 3 meals a day. They didn't do individual meals like a restaurant, but the group was given a menu and they had to select which meal they would have each day for supper.

Breakfasts would always be bacon, scrambled eggs, fruit, yogurt, toast, bagels and then they would throw in either pancakes, waffles or French toast every now and then to mix it up a bit. 

Lunches would be soup and sandwiches plus leftovers from the night before, and then suppers each night were the main course they had chosen.

Around 4pm, after all five of them had been sitting on top of the fence to the pasture, watching the horses and talking about everything, Annabelle put two fingers to her mouth and whistled.

Within a minute her horse came running up to her. Moonrise was a beautiful Buckskin thoroughbred with black stockings and mane with a star on her face, but she was a pony at only 13 hands. After a couple of scratches to the forehead, she produced an apple from seemingly out of nowhere and fed it to Moonrise. Then she transferred from the fence to the horse and went for a quick ride. 

When she returned, Joe indicated that they should probably find Mark a horse to call his own. So Joe told her to go round them up and bring them back to the barn. Annabelle rode off into the pasture, Kat walked to the house and Joe, Mark and Jason went to the barn.

Within a couple of minutes, the horses started filing into the barn and going to their usual stalls. Horses really are quite smart animals!

Joe's horse, Chief, was a big black Arabian stallion nearly 16 hands high. Kat's horse, Applejack, was a black and white Appaloosa mare that was 15 hands high. Jason's horse, Spitfire, was a former racing thoroughbred, the Bay mare was 15 hands high and still slightly high strung, but had been calming down since moving to the ranch. 

Mark stood near the rear entrance of the barn watching the horses file by until the last one walked by, but no Annabelle! 

He grabbed an apple from the bucket by the door and walked back down the chute toward the pasture where he found Annabelle having a difficult time getting the big Palomino they called Buck to return to the barn. 

Buck was a massive stallion at nearly 18 hands high which made him look absolutely huge compared to Annabelle on little Moonrise.

Mark stood at the pasture gate watching Annabelle chase Buck around until they came to a sort of stand-off about 20 yards from the gate. 

Mark pulled the apple out of his pocket, took a bite and held it in the air. 

After a minute or so the big Palomino finally turned and started walking toward Mark and ate the apple out of his hand. When he finished he proceeded to nuzzle Mark looking for more apples. 

Mark laughed, patted the big horse on the neck and started talking to the horse about the pushy girl that was always trying to make guys do what she wanted them to, not what they wanted to do. 

He continued to gossip to the horse about the girls as he guided Buck over toward the fence and climbed up on the rail. 

Surprisingly Buck barely flinched when Mark grabbed his mane and swung his leg over and mounted him. The four of them started walking back out to the pasture.

Joe had been watching the entire thing from the back of the barn and just laughed and shook his head as he turned to walk back through the barn toward the lodge.

Mark and Annabelle rode the horses around the pasture for a while. It turned out they had named him Buck because few could ride him without getting bucked off. 

During their ride Mark brought up the events of last night and this morning. Annabelle blushed a bit when she thought about it before admitting to him that she'd had a crush on him for years. 

When Mark brought up that he was as old as her father, she admitted that she knew she couldn't marry him or anything and she won't get jealous if Mark finds someone else. She just wanted someone that she loved and trusted to have sex with and that she had always wanted him to be her first.

She had dated a couple of boys, but found them immature as they were just interested in trying to bed her to mark another point on their scorecard. Mark was her idea of the perfect man, kind, protective, caring, funny and a cowboy. So she instead focused on school and the ranch, happy to wait until she can find a guy closer to her age that could compare to Mark, but now that he was there and didn't seem to have a problem with fucking her, she could wait almost indefinitely.

They continued riding for a few minutes until Annabelle got a text message saying supper would be ready soon, so they pointed the horses toward the barn and let them run. 

For those of you that don't know, riding a horse bareback at a gallop is not an easy thing to do!

Soon they were back at the barn and the horses in their stalls. They gave their horses a bucket of oats and an apple each and headed back through the barn to the lodge where they cleaned up and got ready for supper.

Supper that night was spaghetti, something they traditionally had on Sunday nights. It was quick and easy and kind of capped off the weekends, which were always the busiest days.

As soon as everyone was dished up and eating Joe said "Mark, it looks like you found yourself a horse! Good thing too, because I can't put just anybody on big ole' Buck!".

Kat snickered and said "It's fitting too because they both have huge cocks!"

Jason just put his hands over his ears and cried "TMFI!"

Joe just laughed and said "Really? At the supper table?" 

After that, further light-hearted conversation ensued.

Once supper was finished, the leftovers stored away and the dishes loaded into the dishwasher. Joe said he was going to go watch a movie and turn in. Kat said she'd join him , while Annabelle and Jason both said they had homework to do.

Since he was on his own, Mark decided he was going to go sit in the hot tub for a bit before hitting the hay. 

He went out to the courtyard, took the cover off the hot tub, stripped down and then climbed in. Making sure not to turn the jets or mood lights on.

Relaxing in a hot tub under a starlit sky with only the sounds of nature around you is such a perfect environment to relax in. Plus, without all the light pollution, your eyes become adjusted to the low light conditions and you can see some things.

After soaking for a while, and since the night wasn't cold, Mark decided he was just going to lay on a lounge chair near one of the fire pits. As he was lying there in the warmth of the fire, enjoying the ambiance of the night sky, he fell asleep.

He started to dream about how different his life was going to be now, and then started dreaming about Annabelle and Kat and their perfect naked bodies remembering how he had already fucked both of them. Of course his cock was getting hard from his dream and he was sure he was still dreaming when he felt a warm mouth engulf his cock and begin to suck. Instinctively his hand moved down to run his fingers through the hair of the girl sucking his cock, but when he felt fur instead of hair, he peeked one eye open to see who his fellatrix was.
