 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 31: Rebels

When Caleldir and Ashyr returned from their informative sparring session, they discovered that the room that the party had acquired in Tseanbhean as part of their package deal was not quite as luxurious as the one that they had enjoyed at the Golden Loch, but it was eminently comfortable and practical. The service people had already seen to it that food was ready and kept warm through centuries old enchanted dishes. As before, it was a standard collection of rolls, local vegetables, meat pies, sausage-like mystery meat concoctions like haggis, and mead and wine. 

When her roommates entered their temporary living quarters, Selene looked up from the corner she had settled in, one book in her hand and another laid out on the floor open to a specific page. There was a scroll there, too, with pen and ink at both edges to keep it from unraveling while the clearly still-wet ink dried. Beside that was a half-eaten plate of food. It looked as if she had been doing a bit of training herself. Ashyr nodded to her cousin and sat down at the table with a thoughtful look. She seemed to not find it strange at all the the younger drow opted to sit on the floor rather than the desk in the room. "We have some things to discuss with you, Selene." Ashyr said as the mage joined her at the table.

Caleldir glanced around the room, and then put his finger to his mouth. Illusory letters in undercommon began to appear where the two drow could see them. "Our coachman is no mere human carriage driver: but a Yuan-ti thief of quite literally divine skills. Apparently, he stole from the secretive Yuan-ti god Sseth in order to create the rings which you now wear, and originally wanted them back, but has now decided instead to take on Ciaraela as his apprentice and infiltrate the Eternal Halls monastery to steal cursed treasure. He is following us so that I might lead him to his goal. I ask that you keep this information secret, and not act on it yet. We cannot allow someone of his skill to think that we are no longer useful to him, or pick a fight with someone who has gotten the better of a god. My plan is to use Althaia's skills to escape from him in the forest, rather than risking a direct confrontation. As a drow, and am sure that you can respect the value of subterfuge. Be careful: we do not know what means he has of watching us."

Selene's expression turned grim as she read what was going on. She didn't look all that surprised, though. Of course, as a drow, she expected treachery around every corner whether on the surface or in the Underdark. Selene still wasn't convinced that Althaia wouldn't betray them despite her goody-two-shoes alignment.

"But can we even trust Althaia?" Selene grumbled under her breath. The information relayed had turned her expression grim. She didn't seem all that surprised, though. A drow expected treachery around every corner. "Especially with her apparent desire goad that human into poaching Caleldir from Duskhaven. How can we know that she doesn't want to keep that human around?" Her grim expression turned to something very near a scowl.

Ashyr leaned over to Selene to press a soft kiss against her lips. "Can't say I like that expression on you. Do you need an attitude adjustment?" Ashyr asked her cousin with a face that one might call serious if it weren't for the sparkle of amusement in her eye.

Caleldir looked over at the drow, grimacing, then his expression softened. "While you two are doing-" each other "-that, I will send our dishes downstairs." He announced. They had since finished their food, since Selene was mostly done and both he and Ashyr ate quickly.

"Suit yourself." Ashyr said. It wasn't a task that would likely take very long. He would have plenty of temptation to join after he was done. That was Ashyr's logic, anyway. So for the time being, she wasn't going to try to convince him otherwise.

She took Selene by the hand and stood. Older drow guided the younger (who looked more than willing to participate) over to the bed. Ashyr fell back upon it and Selene fell on top of her. Their mouths mated together and they made soft, moaning noises as dark hands roamed against dark flesh. 

Leaving the room a little too quickly, Caleldir wondered why it was that his first instinct was always to dodge out when this sort of thing happened. It was not like it ever changed the inevitable outcome. He was still going to go back upstairs and stick his dick in at least one of them. Unlike with Cieraela, his resistance to those two had been worn down to such an extent that could not long endure being away from them. Which he felt guilty about, but like with Ashyr and her now thankfully abandoned habit of tricking him into sex with other women, he did not feel guilty enough to actually stop the behavior.

On the way downstairs, Caleldir found himself dodging past a slightly damp Cieraela as she left what was apparently the attached baths, wearing a robe. He kept out of her sight, not wishing to deal with her just this moment. 

Despite the interruption, returning the dishes to the kitchen did not take anywhere near as long as Caleldir thought it would, and by the time that he had returned, Ashyr and Selene had only just made it over on the bed, and Ashyr was only shirtless. He sighed, and simply sat down next to the bed. "You two do not mind if I just watch, do you?" He asked the two drow. He was still pretending that he was not going to get involved, even though at this point he could not even tell himself that it was not simply pretense.

"Watch, join, do whatever." Selene said, though she had to tear her lips away from Ashyr to do so. She didn't seem to care either way.

Ashyr took this opportunity to pull at the ties that kept her younger cousin in her dress - which was still worn in the fashion of the area. Which meant that it would take a while for her to get the other woman out of her dress properly. Robes were so much nicer. As her nimble finger flew across the ties, Ashyr looked over to Caleldir with a smirk. "You got back quickly." She commented. "You can watch if you want, I suppose. But I think you know what I'd prefer." A much broader, suggestive grin spread across her face. 

Selene's outer dress finally got slipped over the wearer's head. Ashyr tossed it in Caleldir's direction, and it would have hit him had it not disappeared first. She then flipped the other woman over so that she could be on top. Selene began to fiddle with Ashyr's belt and trousers, soon loosening the fabric enough to start to pull it over the older drow's hips. The trousers shifted down to her mid-thigh, baring her ass and the very edge of her womanhood as her legs straddled the other woman. Neither drow seemed keen on separating for long enough to take the garment completely off.

Sitting to the side, Caleldir could not tear his eyes away from the display. Even though the old monks would have considered two women treating each other after this fashion to be a deadly sin, he could never quite force himself to loathe it like he once knew he should. Part of that was because it was not long before he was extremely hard just looking at the two of them rub against each other like that. And, when they were both tantalizingly naked, Caleldir's arousal was debilitating. He sighed. Standing up, he quickly removed his own clothing the usual way: by hand. It just seemed more appropriate that way. Sidling up on the bed behind Ashyr, he pulled down her pants as far as he could, attempting to remove them. Once they were gone, he buried his tongue in her womanhood. It did not escape him that this was the most initiative he had ever taken, and in stark contrast to his behavior the first night that he had watched two women screw each other. He was well-rewarded when she uttered his name in a loving sigh.

"I knew he wouldn't be able to resist us." Selene commented when they paused to breathe. Then the younger cousin gave her own groan of pleasure when Ashyr's hand danced down her abdomen and to the sensitive nub between her legs.

As he busied himself in ministering to Ashyr, Caleldir's heart sunk a little at Selene's words. It was true, of course; he could not resist them any longer. Well, he probably could if he really wanted to. But he did not, in fact, want to. He wanted to feel their bodies against his own, skin against skin, tongue against tongue, and manhood inside womanhood. And admitting that to himself really irked him. It was not so bad to admit that about Ashyr, since he was as close to married with her as the drow would probably ever allow, but he really did not want to acknowledge that he loved/lusted after Selene in that way, for he knew full well that the drow with the soft body and hard heart viewed him as little more than a plaything possessed and shared by her cousin. Even so, Caleldir's hand crept up to join Ashyr's in playing with Selene's intimate areas.

Selene didn't last long against the onslaught of both Caleldir's and Ashyr's hand. The younger drow made a strangled noise in the back of her throat before she twitched against the two of them. The motion caused Ashyr to chuckle darkly. It never ceased to amuse her how easy it was to please the drow who generally was hard to please in every other aspect of her life. Ashyr herself was getting along nicely, but she found herself yearning for something more than Caleldir's tongue. 

"Shift up." Ashyr told her cousin. 

The younger drow responded with the languidness of her afterglow, but eventually she managed to move to the top of the bed. Ashyr pulled a couple pillows over to prop her up slightly. Then the older drow's mouth and hands fell to Selene's inner thighs, kissing and caressing, avoiding her over-sensitive center for the time being. Selene's attention was on the sight of Caleldir pleasuring her older cousin. She clearly found the scene incredibly arousing. Her eyes partially lidded. Her teeth caught the edge of her full lips to bit down lightly. One of her hands rose to caress her own full breasts, kneading the soft flesh with elegant fingers.

Caleldir shifted himself up as well. He sensed that Ashyr wanted something more from him than just his tongue, and, frankly, so did he. So, putting his hands on her ass, he knelt up high enough that his dick was aligned with her waiting entrance. Carefully, he pressed himself up against her, not quite entering. He looked over Ashyr and met Selene's gaze. Not quite sure how to react to her in this situation, he looked up and down her lovely body, before meeting her eyes once more and smiling very slightly and awkwardly. 

Selene smiled back at Caleldir when she felt his eyes upon her, if an expression such as the one that crossed her face could be called a smile. There were teeth and an upturn of her lips, but it was certainly not friendly nor well-meaning. It was a predatory expression full of wickedness and self-satisfaction. That look on her face could not remain for long after Ashyr's tongue finally found her still-sensitive center. Selene jolted slightly, but groaned in obvious pleasure. The hand not on her breast lowered to rub the top of her cousin's silver head caressingly.

Caleldir began to thrust forward, but did not go inside of Ashyr, instead simply rubbing his length between her lips. He went back and forth a few times, seeing how much he could rile her up. He always enjoyed it more when she put him in her when she could not bear it anymore. His goal of driving Ashyr crazy had been met and surpassed. After only a couple teasing strokes, his manhood was slick with her arousal. She moaned against Selene, which made the younger drow gasp with the unexpected vibration. It was quite the pretty domino effect as Cal sent pleasure though both of them with one simple motion. 

Ashyr rolled her hips up when she couldn't stand it anymore, and forced Caleldir to sheath himself inside her. Not that he fought it; this had been his goal all along. "Lolth, Cal, you're driving me crazy."

Selene smirked at her cousins words, then bit her lip hard. It looked as if the same thing could be said about the younger drow what with all Ashyr's desperate vocalizations directly against her clit.

Caleldir let out a sigh. Although his favorite was still to have her op top of him, this position was not so bad either. If nothing else, it gave him a good view of Ashyr pleasuring Selene. He met Selene's eyes again, noting her desperate arousal equal to Ashyr's own. Well, if she had enjoyed the first show, she would enjoy this one even more. Slowly, he began pulling out and easing back in. After all, he found that he really liked driving Ashyr crazy.

Ashyr paused in her attentions to Selene. That initial feeling of fullness always made her feel a bit weak, a bit like there was nothing else in the world besides her and her lover. She quickly regained her composure and braced herself so that she wouldn't rock back and forth too much with the motions of his dick. But of course he still seemed determined to tease her with that slow pace. She had to fight to not abandon Selene entirely to tackle Caleldir. Ashyr just managed to resist; she knew that the wait would only make the ultimate goal that much sweeter. 

The older drow's hand brushed upward against Selene's inner thigh, its caressing motions not halting until two of her fingers circled Selene's entrance and pressed themselves in. She began to copy almost exactly the motions Caleldir was using, though Selene also got to feel the flick of Ashyr's tongue against her most sensitive flesh. This caused Selene's attention to flicker down towards her cousin as Ashyr began cause a second, excruciatingly slow build.

Although he was the one setting the slow pace, it was not long before Caleldir found himself struggling to keep it that slow. As his orgasm began to build within him, he felt the urge to pick up the pace. When he could no longer bear it, he did, slamming in and out of Ashyr with the now familiar noise of slick, meaty thudding of flesh against flesh.

Ashyr gasped. It was far too wonderful, too distracting, to continue with her mouth against Selene. So she used the momentum of Caleldir to press her fingers in and out of Selene. It seemed to be more than enough to send the younger drow over the edge within only a minute of that treatment. She climaxed with more force this time than she had the last, a pleasant side-effect of taking so long to build up to this.

The older drow could have let herself go only a few thrusts after Selene had. But she preferred the trend of riding the edge without cascading over it - not until it seemed like Caleldir wouldn't last much longer. So she braced herself and moved her hips back against him in time with his motions. Then, finally, she felt his motions get a little more desperate. He was about to cum. She let her body feel the pleasure it demanded just before Caleldir slammed himself in as deeply as he could and burst inside her. Her head fell forward onto Selene's stomach, but they otherwise remained in that sort of slumped position until his cock ceased pumping into her.

"I suppose that this is our nightly ritual now." Caleldir observed when he finally came to his senses and lightly fell onto the bed beside the two drow.

"I like this ritual. It's a good ritual." Ashyr said with a laugh. She lifted herself until part of her weight was on Selene, her head rested on the swell of her cousin's breast. For a moment she became distracted by the outer curve of the soft skin. Her hand rose to dance against that edge of Selene's soft flesh. 

"Yes." Selene agreed as she continued to run her hand through Ashyr's hair with a content little smile on her face.

"An important ritual..." she yawned "...Helps to put us to sleep." The older drow continued.

Although simply riding in the carriage and telling stories was nowhere near as exhausting as a normal day of travel was, Ashyr was right in that their little activity helped to tire Caleldir out. Well, that and the fact that he wanted to be tired out tired him out. So, snuggling up to the two drow in whatever combination they saw fit, he bid the two of them good night and closed his eyes.

--

Althaia returned in the morning, as cheerful as ever. It was not all that hard to venture a guess as to what sort of activity she had been engaged in, although she did not mention anything. Caleldir tried to pull her aside and let her know about their coachman, but could not find the opportunity. So, they ate breakfast, boarded the carriage, and set off once more. The second day passed much the same as did the first: stories in the carriage, with each of them sharing their preferred variety of tale. Ashyr added as much to the conversation as any of the nymph-kin did. Well, almost, anyway. She wasn't as verbose as they were. Most of her stories were about the various trinkets in her hair, and each had its own interesting and unique background that usually involved danger, death, adventure, and only a little bit of sex. Selene was passably talkative for about half of the time. The other half she spent by Ashyr's side in brooding silence. She also had the tendency to complain about a sore ass and being more tired than she should be. The older drow didn't seem to think anything was amiss. Apparently complaint was in Selene's repertoire. Made sense, considering that she was noble to her core and used to being pampered. Somewhere in the middle of that came a stop for the midday meal. At the day's end, they came to rest at another comfortable inn in a different city. Althaia disappeared again, as did the human and the coachman.

The second night came and went like the first, and then the third day and night came and went. Then the fourth. Finally, on the fifth day, the group entered a wild, rocky section of country leading up to Coillgaeta. Cieraela, who had been ogling Caleldir every chance she got over the last few days, poked her head into the carriage. "Hugh says to be on your guard; this area is known for outlaws. Normally, we would have hired an escort, but we figured that you could more than handle yourselves." With that, she returned to her seat up front.

Both drow seemed strangely hopeful about the outlaws. They shared an eerily similar grin with each other. Had Ashyr wanted to prevent a potential outlaw attack, she may have gotten out of the carriage to run alongside it. Might prevent minor altercations if it was clear that they weren't unguarded. But a fight - good or not - was exactly what both drow needed. Especially Selene, whose only physical outlet was the nightly fornication that was extremely vanilla for her tastes. Not that she was going to complain. It was monumentally better than no sex at all.

Bard hopped into the carriage upon Ashyr's request (presumably, neither seemed to outwardly communicate) and settled himself on the floor. Didn't need him getting ambushed where Ashyr was unable to help.

Of the four inhabitants of the carriage, Caleldir was the only one who did not seem to wish for a bunch of bandits to attack. "Outlaws seen in this region? I hope that we do not run into any trouble." He said innocently. 
