 Mark woke up at 6am to find a naked Annabelle in his bed. She pulled down the sheets and proceeded to lick his cock.

After the first lick she looked at him and said "There's a different flavour on your cock, it's so sweet!" and then went back to licking his cock to attention.

Mark just smiled with a very satisfied look, "So it wasn't a dream!"

Annabelle looked at him as his cock steadily grew in her hand, "What wasn't a dream?"

Then Mark looked at the clock, "There isn't time to explain right now, but I definitely want to talk to you about it later!"

Satisfied that she would get her answer later and, she mounted him and they fucked like rabbits until they both came.

Then they got out of bed, changed for the workout and went to the washroom. As soon as they arrived, no questions were asked and Kat began their 30-minute workout. Then everyone hit the showers, Kat and Joe always went first so they could go get breakfast started.

Soon they were eating French toast and looking out at the ranch until everyone's alarms went off at 7am. 

Annabelle and Jason went back to their rooms to get ready for school, while Mark and Joe proceeded to the barn to begin the chores.

It was a cool day, normal for this time of the year with the temperature hovering right around 4C, it looked like the Indian Summer was finally over. Suspecting that the European group was a bunch of nudists, Joe doubted they would be getting nude on the ride today.

At 8am Kat received a phone call from the European group. Apparently they got a phone call late last night after the business day had begun in Sweden. The company they owned was the subject of a hostile takeover. They were currently at the airport waiting to fly back and had to cancel the ranch visit. 

They acknowledged the cancellation policy, but explained this was unavoidable, and said they would be booking the trip for next summer so that maybe they could go on one of the multi-day trail rides.

As soon as the phone call was done, Kat radioed the boys and informed them. She then called Maria and informed her that she didn't need to come in.

The guys finished the chores, went back to the lodge, poured themselves cups of coffee and looked over the never-ending list of ranch to-do's. Since there was nothing that needed to be done immediately, they decided to take it easy for the day.

They started talking about Joe's plans for the ranch.

Joe always had these grandiose dreams to develop the ranch into it's own little community of sorts. They had bought the ranch for a steal as the previous owner was getting up there in age and, after his wife passed away, he just didn't have the drive anymore. So Joe bought the ranch, the land and the half dozen horses the guy had.

The ranch itself was fairly run down after years of disrepair, but it had thousands of acres, which was surrounded by crown land. This made it perfect for setting up a trail riding business.

So far they had built the lodge, then demolished the old house and built the workshop, both of which followed Joe and Kat's vision to look like they were made out of logs. Their dream was to actually build a small community out here, with cabins, a saloon and a store. They had the space to do it, it was just a matter of money and time. Sure it was an hour and a half from the city, but that was closer than many of the mountain communities and lake houses people often went to most every weekend.

After a bit of dreaming, they asked how Mark was doing after his first couple of days at the ranch and whether he wanted to continue to live with them or look a building his own house.

Without even having to think about it, he replied "This was the best thing that could've happened to me. Not only getting to live and work on the ranch, but being surrounded by friends, beautiful women and sexy aliens. As for the house, I'm still undecided right now."

Joe and Kat both looked confused as Joe asked, "Say what now? Aliens?"

Mark told them all about his encounter with Laruun, describing her as an alien that looked like a cheetah and that she crashed here about 10 years ago.

"10 years?", Joe and Kat questioned simultaneously as they looked at each other.

"Well she said 10 cycles, not years. I just guessed that a cycle was a year."

Joe leaned back, looked at Kat, and voiced what they were both thinking about "10 years eh? That makes sense of a lot of things!"

Mark asked confused, "What makes sense of what things?"

Joe sat back and recalled the event, "It was toward the end of September, we had just started construction of the lodge and we were living in the old house. I had just finished the evening chores and was walking back to the house when there was a deafening roar and a streak of fire across the sky around 9pm. It scared us and the horses half to death. It seemed pretty low to the ground, so we figured it was a meteorite that might have hit up near the high lake.

The next day a bunch of government science type people showed up and set up a base of operations at the ranch. They scoured the foothills for over two weeks, but all they found was some burnt trees and some burn marks on the ground near the high lake, but no impact crater and no meteorite. They sent divers into the lake and took some water and soil samples, but they said they couldn't find anything extraterrestrial or out of the ordinary."

After a bit of a pause, Joe continued, "So you're saying you actually met one of these aliens and she looks like a cheetah?"

Mark smiled and said, "Well it was a pretty intimate meeting... my cock ended up inside of her."

Kat laughed, "I'm not surprised, I'd be pretty horny too if I hadn't gotten laid in over 10 years. Plus you do have a nice package!"

Joe then continued saying "But this is starting to make a bit of sense. After that night, there have been several sightings of a big cat with spots up in the hills. I thought maybe they were just talking about a lynx or possibly a cougar, but now maybe those stories weren't so far-fetched?"

Mark said, "She was really scared to approach me as apparently her few interactions with humans in the past have involved her getting shot at!

If I see her again, would you guys be able to keep her a secret? I would hate to see her end up in some secret government facility to be experimented on."

Joe and Kat looked at Mark and nodded, "Of course we would, you know us, we don't hunt for sport and we respect the land and nature."

"I suspected as much, but I had to ask. Now I just need to figure out how to convince her to trust you. She said was watching me the other day, maybe she's still watching?"

Mark walked out into the courtyard and shouted "Laruun" a couple of times and then sat on a bench waiting to see if she had heard him.

Joe turned on the fire pit and sat down on an adjacent bench.

Kat went back in the lobby, poured them some more coffee and then brought it out for them. 

They continued to talk about Laruun and the event from 10 years ago. Every 10 or 15 minutes, at a break in the conversation, Mark would shout "Laruun" out into the woods.

Around 10am they were still talking out in the courtyard and drinking coffee, when Joe announced he had to go pee and Kat went in to start a new pot of coffee.

He stood up and shouted "Laruun" and just as he sat down he heard "Is it safe?"

"Yes kitten it is safe."

Laruun jumped the waist high fence and padded toward Mark on all fours, keeping an constant eye on the door. Once she reached Mark she hopped up on the bench next to him sitting on her haunches just like a cat and gave him a big kiss.

Kat saw everything through the kitchen window and whispered to Joe as he came through the kitchen, "She's here!"

Not wanting to frighten her off, Kat, being the gracious host, spoke loudly out the door, "Hi Laruun, would like anything to eat or drink?"

Laruun looked scared, but after being reassured she was safe by Mark replied, "No thank you".

Joe and Kat came out with fresh coffee for everyone and a bottle of water.

Laruun took a sip of Mark's coffee, but then made a screwed up face and said "That tastes awful, how can you drink that?"

Kat laughed and said "I guess it's an acquired taste, plus Mark likes his black with no sweetener or cream so his is more bitter than ours."

"Here wash away the taste with some water", Kat said as she offered her the bottle of water which she opened and took a drink from.

Laruun seemed to enjoy the warmth of the fire as well as the company and soon relaxed in their presence. 

They tried not to interrogate her by asking many of the hundreds of questions running through their minds, until Joe finally asked "So where have you been hiding all these years?"

Laruun hesitated, then deciding she was among friends now, answered "We're still living in the ship."

"We?" Mark caught, "I thought you said you were alone?"

Laruun smiled, "No, you asked if there was more of my kind here."

Realizing he had in fact asked that he said "Touché!" to which Laruun just grinned her toothy grin.

"So, my little sex kitten, how many others are there?" Mark asked while petting her behind near the base of her tail.

Laruun hesitated again and stated "There are 5 of us" without going into further details.

"So have you told the others about me?", Mark wondered.

Laruun grinned again and there was a slight blush on her chest "Of course! They know about all of you, but you especially since we actually had sex! I had to give them all the juicy details.

We've been watching this place for years as you are the closest neighbours for us to study."

Kat asked intrigued, "You've been studying us?"

"Well of course, we were stuck here with nothing to do and figured we should probably find out more about life on this planet."

"I guess that makes sense", Kat agreed "but did you ever consider making contact with us? You speak English very well."

"We didn't speak your language very well back then. We had already begun learning your language before we even came to this planet, but it was still new to us."

"When you got wireless Internet out to this area, we were able to tap into the signal and were able to study much more about your world much faster than studying you. Once we saw your Internet was mainly English, or what the Atlanteans called the "common tongue", we decided that it should be our primary language, so that's all we've spoken for years now.

We also saw that you have an animal called a Cheetah that looks similar to me, so they elected me to try and make contact as they figured I wouldn't be as much of a shock to you as the others."

"Wait, you said Atlanteans?" Mark questioned.

"Yes, the captain of our ship, Marco, was Atlantean. He was on a mission to seek out other life forms around the universe and then bring back trade delegates to discuss how our planets could benefit from trading with other planets in the federation.

He told us Atlanteans originally came from this planet and they apparently stop by whenever they go through this part of space to see how bad things have gotten since their last visit. He said it was a sad reminder of their past, but they kept updating their information about this planet as it is used in their education system as an example of how not to build a civilization.

Sadly Marco got attacked by a bunch of wolves and died shortly after we got here, he got some stuff working like the fabricators, synthesizers and cloaking system, but that was it. The main thrusters, light drive and life support were damaged beyond repair and you can't move very far or fast using lateral thrusters."

Kat asked, "So why didn't you make contact?"

Laruun looked directly at Joe and said. "I've tried numerous times, but everybody I've met shoots at me!", then she looked at Mark and continued "Until I met Mark."

Joe felt he had to acknowledge his mistake, "Sorry for shooting at you, but a big cat approaching a ranch is a potential threat and I was just protecting the horses."

Laruun waved off his apology and admitted, "I understood that, but we had decided not to make first contact by speaking. The Internet showed us that if the wrong people found us we could be taken away, held captive, probed, studied, experimented on and probably killed so they could cut us open and study us more. So the decision was made to just watch from a distance and look for an opportunity.

Since we just acknowledged our tenth cycle here without any hope of rescue, we had decided to be a bit more aggressive to try and make contact, mostly because we're lonely and bored and we can only watch so much YouTube!"

Mark asked, "So are we going to get to meet the others?"

Laruun said, "Yes, but they want to take it slow by just meeting Mark first and then they'll want to hear my report after meeting you. Which reminds me, if you are riding the horse we should probably leave soon if we want to make it there by nightfall."

Joe piped up saying, "Take one of the Gators!", which Mark accepted as that would give them more time to visit.

The conversation continued well with Joe, Kat and Mark trying not to inundate Laruun with too many questions.

Kat realized it was nearing lunch time, "Laruun, I'm going to go make some lunch, but I don't know what kind of food you eat."

Laruun answered, "I'm not sure either, I've eaten some of the berries, rabbits and deer from this planet so far."

Joe suggested, "Maybe pull out some hamburgers and we can grill them on the barbecue."

So Joe went and turned on the gas grill while Kat went and got some hamburgers, buns, cheese and an array of ketchup, mustard, relish and mayonnaise for condiments.

After trying a few of the condiments while the burgers were grilling she decided the ketchup was too salty and the mustard was just gross, but she liked the mayo, relish and cheese.

So Mark fixed her a bun with mayo and relish and Joe melted some cheese on her burger. Mark assembled her burger, put it on a plate and handed it to her.

Realizing she wasn't going to eat before anyone else did, or she didn't understand how to eat it. Mark suggested she bring her plate to the picnic table while they all fixed their own burgers and sat down. Seeing them all pick up their burgers with their hands and take their bites, she followed suit.

"Mmmmmm, this tastes so good! It is so much better than ship food!" as she continued to devour her burger and drink from her water bottle.

As she finished her burger, Joe asked if she'd like another, to which she nodded with a toothy grin and answered, "Yes please!"

The cool wind was starting to pick up a little, so Kat suggested they move indoors. So Kat and Mark grabbed all the condiments, while Joe finished cooking up the burgers and they all convened at one of the picnic tables in the lobby.

They all ate their second burgers with light conversation, while Laruun was looking around in amazement at the interior of the building.

Mark asked Laruun, "Would you like a tour of the lodge and ranch since there's no one here?"

"I would like that, but maybe some other time, we really should get going if we want to get back to the ship at a decent time."

Seeing how the burgers were such a hit with Laruun, Kat fixed them a cooler full of hamburgers, buns and condiments. While Joe dug out one of their camping Hibachi's and a small propane tank. When they had strapped everything down to the rear box of the Gator they were ready to leave.

Laruun started walking toward the trail head as Mark started the Gator. He said goodbye to Joe and gave Kat two kisses, saying that one kiss was for Annabelle.

All of the trails they used for the rides were easy to follow and all had been driven with the Gators, that way they could respond to an emergency. The trail wasn't the smoothest in some places, so you couldn't just drive full throttle, but instead of the typical 3 hour trip by horseback, it could be driven in about 30 minutes.

Laruun had decided she would prefer to run versus riding in the Gator. So she just ran alongside the Gator as Mark drove up the path to the northwest, she was obviously in incredible shape as the rate of speed they were traveling, while not slow, was not something even many horses would be able to keep up with over the long distance.

When they reached the clearing that signaled the halfway point, she stopped and told Mark to continue up the path, but that she was going to run ahead and inform everyone he was coming, so they wouldn't be scared of the machine he was driving.

Mark asked, "How often do you run this path?"

"Almost every day when there isn't snow on the ground. We don't leave the ship when there's snow as we don't want tracks leading back to us.", Laruun answered, not even breathing hard from the pace they were setting.

"So how long does it typically take you to run it?", Mark was really curious now as she wasn't even breathing hard from the pace they were setting.

"I don't know, how long have we been going so far?"

Mark answered "About 15 minutes, give or take a couple."

"So then I guess I could run the entire trail in about 10 minutes."

Doing some quick math, Mark figured she had to be averaging about 50mph, that thought made him say "Whoa! So you're a sexy and speedy little pussy!"

Laruun smiled, then turned around and pointed her ass in his direction, raised her hind legs and her tail and spread her pussy with her fingers saying "My pussy is wet, but it's not speedy!"

Mark laughed realizing she didn't understand that pussy can also mean cat, he got out of the Gator knelt down and gave her pussy a big lick. "Yup it's definitely wet, but it's also sweet tasting!"

Laruun started purring and blushing, but stood back up and said "As much as I really want to mate with you right now, I don't want to tire you out as the others are likely going to want to mate with you tonight."

The thought that the others would be as horny as Laruun had, in fact, crossed Mark's mind and was one of the reasons why his cock was already hard. Seeing Laruun's cute little pussy hadn't helped reduce the swelling in his pants at all.

So when Mark got back in the Gator, Laruun took a few steps and then easily cleared the little stream that ran through this area and the soft muddy area on both side, probably close to a 20 foot jump and then took off at what seemed like an impossible speed. She was out of sight within seconds.

Mark drove the Gator across the stream and continued up the path to the northwest. After another 15 minutes or so he entered the clearing they called the high lake.