 The high lake as they called it, wasn't a very large lake, but the water was crystal clear and the view from that elevation was breathtaking as you could see everything for miles around. The lake itself was maybe 10 foot at the deepest point, but it was close to a mile long and maybe a couple hundred yards wide at the widest point.

Surrounding the lake was a meadow on the south side about the size of a football field and it looked like the trees went pretty much right to the shoreline everywhere else.

Short of the lake, the meadow and the trees, Mark didn't see anything else there.

He was just about to call out to Laruun when she suddenly emerged from out of nowhere at the edge of the lake, "Where did you come from?"

Laruun pointed towards the edge of the lake, "The ship, it is cloaked and hovering over the water."

Mark listened carefully, but couldn't hear any sound other than the sounds of nature around him, "Wow, the ship is quiet! I can see how the government people missed it when they were looking for it."

Laruun waved her arm around the meadow and the lake, "They only looked on the ground and in the water, fortunately it didn't rain or snow while they were looking, that would've given our position away, plus when we were hiding we hovered higher."

"So when do I get to meet the others?", Mark inquired.

Laruun smiled, "Well if you look behind you..."

Mark hadn't heard a thing, so he slowly turned around unsure of what to expect. Standing in front of him was what looked like a little blue eyed girl about 3 foot tall in a turquoise dress, with purple hair and she had purple, blue and black butterfly wings. 

T'Soona looked up at him and reached out to rub his crotch, "He is handsome and he seems to have a nice sized cock, I can see why you like him Laruun!"

Laruun introduced them, "Mark meet T'Soona. T'Soona meet Mark."

Mark said as he reached out to shake her hand, "Nice to meet you T'Soona."

T'Soona seemed to be distracted by the outline of his cock in his jeans as she just stared at it and kept rubbing it through his pants while licking her lips. Eventually she peeled her eyes away from his crotch, shook his hand and said "I am so pleased to meet you!"

Suddenly she got a pleading look on her face, looked into Mark's eyes and said "Can I please see it?"

Laruun stepped in before Mark could answer and said "Not now T, let's introduce him to the others first."

She lifted her dress exposing her pre-pubescent looking pussy and running her fingers through the slit and showing them that they were indeed very wet, "Aw, but my pussy is so wet right now, I've been dreaming about getting fucked by a human cock since you told us about him last night. I'm not sure if you heard, but we were all playing with ourselves and dreaming about it last night."

Laruun acknowledged, "I know, I heard, I was playing with myself too!"

Laruun then said to follow her, T'Soona took to the air and fluttered along at the same height as Mark's head, teasing him by spreading her legs wide and making sure he could see how wet her hairless slit was. When she reached between her legs and stuck two fingers in, she then stopped and turned toward Mark and whispered "I am so wet, would you like a taste?"

Mark decided to play her little game, knowing full well Laruun could probably hear them whispering and replied "Please!" and opened his mouth and stuck out his tongue for her.

T'Soona put her fingers on his tongue and he licked them clean. Her pussy tasted like cherries.

Mark mouthed the words "Wow!"

Laruun looked back and said "Quit teasing him T, hurry up you two!"

Mark then began walking to Laruun while T'Soona got a big grin on her face, then fluttered up in front of his face and spread her legs and used her hands to spread her ass checks and pussy open, exposing her inner pinkness.

Mark, seeing the opportunity, grabbed T'Soona by the hips and pulled her to his face as she fluttered. Her pussy even smelled like cherries as he licked all the way from her clit to her ass and then back down where he flicked her clit numerous times causing her to almost crash to the ground when he released her.

T'Soona blushed and grinned as they hurried to catch up to Laruun.

Mark still couldn't see anything where Laruun was stopped up ahead, but as soon as he got within a couple meters of her, he could see the ramp extending up into a well lit room.

T'Soona flew into the room and announced "The hunk is here" when she reached the top.

Laruun laughed and walked beside Mark as they ascended the ramp.

At the top of the ramp Mark stared in awe at the sight. What he thought was just a well lit room was in fact a cargo hold, roughly 15' wide, 20' long and 12' high.

There was a machine up near the far wall that looked like an oversized 3D printer about 10 cubic feet in size. 

Beside that looked like a workbench of sorts with a variety of components strewn about. There was something that looked like a sturdy hydraulic ram as well as a bunch of devices that looked like little transmitters and a number of other parts, all of which were black, scattered about the floor.

Then Mark noticed a device with two arms seemingly floating in mid air. As he approached it, it spoke "Welcome Mark Phoenix. My ID is CB555. How can I assist you?"

With Mark's IT background, he totally geeked out for a bit asking CB555 all kinds of questions about how it worked, until Laruun spoke from behind him, "Humans are weird! I bring him to a ship full of horny females that haven't mated in over 10 cycles and what is he doing? He's talking to the robot!"

Mark turned around to see five beings laughing at him, until they had his attention and then they just grinned at him.

Mark apologized knowing that Laruun was kidding, "My sincere apologies to the beautiful ladies of the ship, I'll try to refrain from geeking out around all this technology."

Laruun then introduced each of them from right to left, "Mark, meet Candaules or Candy as well call her, she's our security officer. Candy meet Mark."

Candaules could best be described as a centaur, she was all woman from the waist up with the body of a pony on the bottom. Not miniature horse small, but more like Shetland pony small. She had long brown hair with tinges of blonde in it, almond shaped green eyes, tan skin and was wearing a deer skin bra with gold rings linking the neck wrap supporting some very nice looking D-cup breasts. She stood about 6'5" tall, with her lower half covered in light brown fur also with slight blonde or grey tinges to it and her tail was the same colour as her hair. Her arms looked very human and feminine, but strong as she extended her hand to shake Mark's and said "Nice to meet you."

Laruun then continued the introductions, "Mark this is Solara, she's our technical officer. Solara this is Mark."

Solara was a little over 7' tall. She had green skin, long sexy looking legs, a shapely ass with curvy hips, and 4 arms that seemed to protrude one set above the other. She was wearing a black sheer tunic that really covered nothing. Through it, Mark could see that she had a nice set of DD-cup breasts, with nipples just a slighter darker shade of green and had just a landing strip of darker green hair above her pussy with a large clit poking out from between her nether lips. Following Candaules lead, she also extended her hand to shake Mark's and said "Nice to meet you."

Laruun continued "and last but not least meet Rayven, she's our medical officer. Rayven meet Mark."

Rayven was about 5'6" or so, but could best be described as a devil of some sort. She had red scales on her forearms, back and calves that ended in claw-like scaled feet, although her hands were very human. She also had a black leathery tail ending in a spear-like tip that extended from the bottom of her spine. Other than the two black horns that looked kind of like a goat, protruding out of her fiery red shoulder-length hair, she looked mostly human with pink skin on the front and red scales on the her sides and back. She was wearing black shorts and a tank top, which appeared to be hiding some nice C or D cup breasts. When she extended her hand, Mark looked into her orange reptilian eyes and said "Nice to meet you also!" as he shook her hand.

Now that introductions were over, Laruun explained that Mark had brought some hamburgers for them to eat and that they were so much better than ship food.

Laruun then suggested Mark go outside and start to make the hamburgers, while she gives them her report.

"That sounds like a good idea, I'll meet you over by the Gator. The burgers should be ready in about 10 minutes or so", he said as he turned and walked down the ramp.

As soon as he took a couple of steps from the bottom of the ramp, he could no longer see the ramp, and he still didn't hear any noises other than the sounds of nature.

Figuring they would come out when they were ready and guide him back to the ship, he setup the portable grill with propane on the tailgate of the Gator and turned it on to warm up. Then proceeded to unpack the burgers and condiments realizing they had forgot the cheese.

Within a few minutes he had the grill full of burgers and the smell was wafting over the meadow. The girls must have smelled the burgers as they all descended the ramp and started walking toward him. 

When they reached him, Mark announced "The burgers will be ready in a couple of minutes, so Laruun, maybe you could show them how to prepare their buns."

T'Soona joked, "My buns are ready for Mark whenever he is!"

Everyone laughed, which lightened the mood a bit, Laruun had them try the various condiments, they had mixed reactions. 

Everyone liked the mayonnaise, but it was mixed between who liked the ketchup, mustard and relish. So Laruun showed them how to prepare their hamburger buns.

Laruun took the lead once everyone had their buns prepared and had Mark put a burger onto the bottom bun and then she placed the top bun on and took a bite.

Seeing how it was done, everyone soon followed her lead and soon the sounds in the meadow was a lot of "mmmmm, this is so good" and "can I have another?" So Mark sated their hunger with a couple of burgers each, he even got to eat two burgers while making sure everyone else was fed.

After the meal, Mark asked Candaules, who was the closest to him how Laruun's report went.

She laughed and replied, "It wasn't much of a report since we already know pretty much everything about you!"

"So what took so long before you came out to eat?", Mark asked, a bit confused.

"We were deciding which one of us gets to sleep with you tonight!", she answered.

Mark raised an eyebrow and said "So I don't get a say in it? Who won by the way?"

Candy looked worried now as she asked, "Is there one, or more, of us that you don't want to have sex with?"

Mark smiled as he realized what she was fearing, "No, all of you are beautiful and you seem very feminine in all the right places. I was just joking around."

"So you don't mind that I'm taller and bigger than you?"

"Absolutely not!", he said as he got close enough that he could put his hands on her waist. "In a way it's more convenient as your breasts are very accessible" and he proceeded to kiss the exposed flesh eliciting a little gasp from her.

After kissing both breasts he walked around behind her, feeling her firm ass, lifting her tail and running his fingers through her wet slit and then bringing his fingers to his mouth and licking them off. Candy moaned this time and said "I wish I was the one tonight."

"Why does there always have to be a winner? Why can't we all just play together tonight?"

"That's what I suggested!", Candy stated, paused and continued, "but Laruun pointed out that a human male probably can't cum 5 times in one night, and with the way that she described you two having sex, it wasn't just a few quick strokes before you came in her."

Mark laughed, "True, I'm not sure I could cum that many times in one night. However there's more things to sex than just fucking and cumming. And you still didn't tell me who won?"

"Rayven insisted that we should probably put you in the medibed first just to make sure you're not carrying something that's dangerous to one of us."

"Hmmm, and this medibed is safe?", Mark asked skeptically.

"It should be since you are descended from the Atlanteans. Plus they've updated it to handle pretty much every species they have encountered. We've all gone through it and we're OK."

Solara, who seemed to be the leader of the group, suggested, "We should be getting back inside as it was starting to get cool and dark. Mark you should bring your machine into the ship so it's not visible to your satellites."

Everyone started walking back to the edge of the water, obviously knowing exactly where the ramp was. As Mark hopped in the seat of the Gator and started it up, T'Soona jumped into the other seat for a ride and they drove off to follow everyone to the ramp and up into the cargo hold.

Mark parked the Gator off to the side of the cargo hold and Rayven closed the ramp.

Rayven then came and grabbed Mark's hand and said "Follow me, let's get you into the medibed to make sure you are safe for us!"

Mark quipped, "Lead the way doc!"

Rayven spoke as she led him across the cargo bay, "Just so you know, I'm not really a doctor, just like none of us have official titles. We were all trade delegates on our way to meet with other delegates on Atlanterra. After Marco died we each took the title of the role that most fit each of us."

"So what's Laruun's title?"

"She is our reconnaissance officer and ambassador."

"So what's T'Soona's title?"

"She's our entertainment officer, she's weird, but she's fun!", Rayven said as they entered the medical bay, through a door behind the big 3D printer, and all the lights came on.

Rayven guided Mark over to what looked like a horizontal chamber that was about 6' wide and 10' long with a glass canopy that was currently open. "Remove your clothes and any jewelry please and lie down in the chamber."

Mark stripped his clothes off while facing away from Rayven, mostly out of habit as it's something you just always do when other people are in the room.

When he turned around, she had moved much closer than he thought she was, his cock was sticking straight out and bumped against the back of her hand.

"Mmmm, is this for me?", Rayven said licking her lips and staring at his cock which she now held in the palm of her hand. They locked their eyes as she lowered herself to her knees and began stroking his cock and flicking her forked tongue over the head.

After a few strokes she began licking the entire length of his shaft. She could almost wrap her tongue around the shaft which was very stimulating.

Then she stood up and started removing her tank top revealing some very pale D-cup breasts with pink nipples and large areolae. Then she removed her shorts, exposing her fiery red trimmed landing strip and pink pussy lips with a large engorged clit sticking out from between her labia.

Rayven had this scintillating look, "I need you to fuck me!"

"But I thought you needed to put me in the medibed to see if I was safe?"

"True, you should go in the medibed, but I just couldn't wait to have sex. Unlike the others, I didn't come into breeding age until after I boarded this ship, so I'm still a virgin."

"So you didn't win the draw?"

"No, but once you go into the medibed, it'll keep you in there for a while depending on how much work it has to do, so you'll be ready to produce more semen for Solara when it lets you out."

Mark was in a quandary. He was staring at an absolutely stunning looking naked virgin who was currently splayed out on the chamber bed in front of him playing with her very wet pink pussy, yet she was bypassing a rule the others had put in place.

Deciding since he was going to be out of commission for a bit in the medibed he could really use some relief after having an erection most of the day. 

Mark then leaned over on the bed and made a long lick from her asshole to her clit, which he then sucked between his lips making it even more engorged, he then proceeded to finger fuck his little she devil with one hand and then playing with her tail with the other. 

Thinking that possibly her tail was an erogenous zone for her, he picked her tail up and sucked on the end of it. She wiggled a bit, but it wasn't the reaction he was looking for so he concluded that it wasn't erogenous.

Mark raised himself up and positioned himself over top of Rayven in a missionary position and kissed her passionately. She was not expecting it and was soon panting heavily. 

"Please fuck me!", she begged.

Mark's cock was like a heat seeking missile, no hands required, it located her hot wet slit and slid in until his balls were bumping her ass. Her pussy was very hot, not quite uncomfortably hot, but hotter than any other female he had ever bed.

Her heat actually helped him last a bit longer than he'd expected, but after 5 minutes or so of some deep strokes into her she felt him harden further and then flood her pussy with cum. On feeling his hot seed she orgasmed harder than she had up until that point, enough that she passed out.

Suddenly from behind Mark, Solara said, "Awww our little devil isn't a virgin anymore!"

Mark's cock was still inside Rayven as he looked over his shoulder and saw everyone else standing there with big grins on their faces. They all moved a bit closer to him and the passed out girl. Suddenly Rayven spasmed, but was still passed out. Her pussy clenched down so much it was almost painful for Mark as he pulled out. She spasmed again and the smiles faded from everyone faces.

Laruun asked, "Is she OK?"

T'Soona enquired, "Solara, do you know anything about what's going on?"

Everyone looked at Solara, who looked deep in thought. "If what is happening is what I think it is, she is going to out for a bit, but she'll come through OK.", Solara said.

"Did I hurt her? Maybe I should have gone to the medibed first?", Mark said very worried about his little devil.

"No, no, you did nothing wrong Mark", Solara said as she smiled at the comatose looking Rayven lying on the bed. "I think she might be a royal!"

"A what?", almost everyone asked at the same time.

"Mark, for your information, Rayven and I are from the same planet, so that's why everyone asked me if I knew what was going on.", Solara explained then continued to explain the rumour "The first time a royal female is bred they undergo a change of sorts as their body absorbs the male's seed. I think it's some sort of rite of passage. If the rumour is true, she is going to be out for quite a while."

Solara then picked up the sleeping beauty and carried her off to her room, but before she left the room she said "Mark you should get in the medibed and get that process started."

Mark lay down in the chamber and each girl came over and gave him a kiss. Candy was last and as she broke the kiss she closed the canopy. All the girls were looking in on him with longing in their eyes as Candy pushed the button to start the chamber.

Mark felt his body go numb and the room faded to black.