 Mark could hear voices around him, but couldn't make out what they were saying. He tried to open his eyes, but everything was still black. He tried to speak to no avail, nor could he seem to move anything. 

"Don't panic!" he thought, "This is just me recovering from the anesthetic or whatever the chamber used to knock me out." 

The voices were starting to get a little clearer. Still muffled, but clearer. He could now see light and shadows, but still no ability to speak or move. 

"Mark can you hear me?" he heard someone say. 

He found he still couldn't talk, but he could now see blurry colours and he found he was able to blink his eyes. 

"Just relax, everything will return to normal soon." he could make out Solara's voice now. 

He was able to smile. 

Solara's voice was keeping his mind preoccupied while his body was trying to catch up, "Just relax for a few minutes, you've been through quite the ordeal. You had us quite worried, normally it only take a few hours, but you've been in the medibed for several days." 

Suddenly his body started feeling tingly all over, like his nerves had just woke up. It quickly passed and he found his vision was now clear... in fact crystal clear. He could see items further away and in far more detail than he could ever remember. 

Mark sat up, Solara was steadying him with 3 of her arms while the 4th was holding a glass of water for him to drink. 

The water was cool and refreshing and seemed to lubricate his mouth, tongue and throat enough that he felt he could now speak. 

"Rayven" he croaked, "is she OK?" 

He hadn't noticed the rest of the girls standing off to the side until Rayven leaned in and kissed him, "I'm fine Mark, I'm right here and ready for another round whenever you are! It's flattering that, after all you went through, the first thing you asked about was me." 

"All that I went through? I just laid in this chamber so it could make sure I was safe for you and give me a tune up." Mark said feeling a bit confused. 

"Mark, go take a look at yourself... then get dressed and come out to us when you are done." Solara said pointing to the mirror on the wall. 

The girls again each gave him a kiss before leaving the medibay. 

Mark sat alone in the well lit medibay, looking at his arms and seeing strange tattoos that weren't there before and thought, "What did they do to me?" 

A female voice from out of nowhere said, "To summarize, your genetic scan indicates you are a descendant of the royal bloodline, so the royal protocol was enacted upon your body. Your body has been returned to a prime state and I am now your AI. We are now permanently linked, but I do not yet have a name. What would you like to call me?" 

"So you're like my conscience then? My Jiminy Cricket?" Mark said awkwardly since there was no one else in the room. 

"You don't need to speak to communicate with me, I can read your thoughts. I am not your conscience, but since you are a technical guy, think of me more as your firewall and server. I monitor you and your surroundings constantly for protection and can assist you if necessary. What would you like to call me?" 

"Would it be OK if I called you Cricket?" Mark said with a grin. 

"If that is your desire." 

"OK for now let's use Cricket. So what were the others saying I've been through an ordeal? Why did it it take a week?" Mark was trying to prioritize his questions. 

"Please get up and walk around, your muscles need some exercise, I'll answer all your questions using terms and language you are familiar with. 

The first thing that happens when you lie in the chamber is it injects you with medibots. Tiny machines that perform wonders, they're actually what gives us the ability to communicate, but they can also restore health and prevent you from sickness. They can also do slight body alterations, although those can be quite painful which is why you are kept unconscious during the process." 

Mark stepped off the table and stood up, that was the first time he noticed that his left knee didn't have that familiar pain he had grown accustomed to, nor did his back. He also noticed that his cock was larger now and had a lattice tattoo on it. "Whoa, what happened to my cock?" 

"The male penis is a remarkable organ, it was literally built to grow and shrink as a basic part of it's function. So your cock was one of the areas we modified for you. Basically you now have a 10" cock, but if the person you are mating with can handle larger, such as Candaules, your cock will grow to increase her pleasure and yours! As for why it took a week... the results of your genetic scan showed that you are in fact a distant, but direct relative to Atlas, the original Atlantean king before they left Earth. You are, in a way, royalty, so the chamber implemented royal protocols. Your body has been returned to a prime condition state. You should walk over to the mirror and look at yourself." 

Mark walked to the mirror against the far right wall. He stepped up in front of it and barely recognized himself. The person in the mirror appeared to be about 25 years old, still the same height and weight... well maybe a few pounds lighter. He looked very well toned and muscled, but not bodybuilder muscled. His chest hair was now gone as was his pubic hair, his face looked clean shaven and it looked like his head had just had a buzz cut. 

That's when he noticed his Phoenix tattoo had moved from his bicep to his left pectoral and his forearms now had this tribal tattoo that looked like a ring around his wrist and a ring just below his elbow and what looked like lines crisscrossing to create a lattice-like design. He then noticed he had the same type of tattoo from just below his knees to his ankles. 

He chuckled when he realized he looked like an ancient gladiator when they wore those leather straps. 

Mark felt incredible and full of energy, but hungry. 

"Your mates are making a meal for you." 

They had told him to get dressed, but Mark couldn't find his clothes so he walked out of the medibay naked. 

As soon as he exited the room, the girls came running toward him, asking him how he was feeling, giving him kisses, telling him he looked incredible and so on, until Solara spoke "Girls, girls, give the man some room, he's hungry and needs nourishment to fuel his new body. Why didn't you get dressed first?" 

Mark asked confused, "I couldn't find my clothes!" 

Solara laughed, "I forgot, I guess you wouldn't know about the clothing synth." 

The girls backed off except T'Soona who just fluttered nearby with a huge grin on her face. She offered her hand, which he took and she led him to a table they had on the left side of the ramp. Glancing around he saw the Gator with pieces of the motor on the floor over by the work area. 

"What are you doing to the Gator?" he asked as he was looking at Solara. 

Solara smiled and said "I've overhauled the motor in that stinky thing. Humans are fairly ingenious, but you don't take very good care of your planet. It's now more planet friendly." 

Mark sat down at the table with the girls and everyone was staring at him. It was a bit unnerving. Finally he said, "What's going on? You guys are making me feel uncomfortable and no one is saying anything!" 

Laruun spoke up, "Sorry Mark, we're all just amazed at your transformation... I bet every one of us has a wet pussy right now just from looking at you. It's even more drastic than what happened to Rayven!" 

"Rayven, what happened to you? Last I saw, you were passed out and Solara was carrying you off to your bed." Mark asked, "Oh and I remember Solara said something about royalty, what was that about?" 

Rayven answered, "My father was the king of our people, the royal bloodline contains a random genetic 'defect' that occurs in maybe 1 out of every 10 royals born. Apparently I have the trait!" 

T'Soona said with a grin and giving Rayven a hug, "Yes you do and we all like it!" 

"So I fucked a princess!?" Mark said with a big smile on his face, then continued,"But you don't look any different, you're still as beautiful as ever!" 

Rayven looked at Mark and said, "I'm not really a princess anymore since my dad is just a senator now, but yes I was a princess! You know how you liked my big clit? Well it turns out that after I mated with you, I can now turn my clit into a cock now if I want!" 

"Seriously! That's awesome!" Mark said as he walked around the table to give her a kiss and a hug. 

Rayven was surprised, "I didn't really know what to expect when I told you, but I know it wasn't that!" 

She said skeptically, "You're not weirded out that I have a cock too? I mean I'm obviously not as gifted in that department as you are, but don't humans look down on stuff like that?" 

"Some people might, but I'm pretty easy going about stuff like that. You're still as cute as ever! In fact I'm looking forward to our next time together!" 

Rayven blushed at his comment, just then Solara and Candy brought plates of food to the table. Candy just knelt on the floor at the end of the table to eat and Solara sat down next to Mark. Once she was seated, everyone started digging in. 

Mark was famished and while he didn't know exactly what he was eating, it tasted pretty good. While he was eating he was wondering about who he was going to get to fuck tonight? 

"Don't worry about it, they have something planned." 

"Keeping secrets from me huh? So that's how this is going to be?" he thought to Cricket. 

"Well yeah, us girls gotta stick together!" she spoke into his mind with an evil laugh. 

When supper was over and the table was cleared. Solara announced that it was now time for dessert. 

Solara motioned toward the table, "Rayven would you do the honours?" 

Rayven walked around the table, her eyes locked on Mark's the entire time, she walked over to where he was standing and tilted her head up as if to ask for a kiss, but as soon as he moved to kiss her she turned away, smiling back over her shoulder. 

She walked around to all the girls and did pretty much the same thing, except she let them kiss her, despite that she was still locking eyes with Mark. When she got to Solara who was still seated beside the table, she leaned over and gave her a kiss while Solara's upper arms removed Rayven's tank top and her lower arms removed her shorts. 

Once she was naked, she turned around and faced Mark. Mark gave her a good looking over, but still couldn't see any difference. Her clit was still peeking out from between her nether lips just like it was before. 

At that point she sat on the table and pointed her finger around the room, pausing at every person she pointed at. When she got to Mark, she raised an eyebrow as his manhood was standing at attention and pointed at her, but she moved on to the next person. 

T'Soona was beside Mark and was down on her knees with her hands in a begging position and she was giving a little puppy dog eyes look. Rayven paused again when she got to T'Soona, but then turned her hand over and called T'Soona over with her finger motion. 

T'Soona fluttered up, pumped her tiny fist in the air and shouted "Yay me!" which made everyone laugh. 

T'Soona then flew over to the table and stood on the table with her feet on either side of Rayven's legs as Rayven lifted T'Soona's dress and left the little fairy standing naked in front of her. 

Mark had never seen T'Soona fully naked. Her body size still reminded Mark of a little girl, but her breasts were still A-cups, about the same size as Laruun's. Mark wondered how old she was. 

"By my calculations, she would be about 28 of your Earth years." Cricket voiced in his mind. 

Forgetting that Cricket could hear his thoughts, he now silently asked if she knew how old everyone else was? 

"Rayven would be 23, Candaules would be 35, Laruun would be 68 and Solara would be 123." 

"Whoa!" Mark accidentally said out loud. 

Everyone looked at Mark, he just put up his hands in a defensive manner and said "Sorry" then he waved to redirect everyone's attention to the show on the table. 

He thought, Solara looks pretty good for her age. 

"So do you, you know! With the medibots and my monitoring, I expect you could live as long as most Atlanteans, which is around two to three hundred years." 

Catching himself before interrupting the show, he silently thought, "Seriously?" 

"Yes, now watch the show dummy!" Cricket said with a snicker. 

Mark focused his attention back to the scene unfolding on the table. Rayven was licking T'Soona's pussy, while both of her hands were on T'Soona's cute little butt cheeks. 

Rayven then scooted further onto the table and lay down with just her lower legs hanging over the edge of the table. T'Soona looked at Mark and gave him a big smile before lowering her head down to lick Rayven's pink pussy. 

T'Soona then proceeded to suck on Rayven's clit, while working 2 then 3 of her little fingers inside of Rayven's pussy. 

Suddenly Rayven's back arched and she let out an deep moan. T'Soona then started moving her head up and down as you could see Rayven's clit start to grow. Soon T'Soona treated it just like a cock, stroking it with one hand, while licking up and down the shaft and taking it all into her throat occasionally. 

Rayven's clit cock grew to about 6 inches in length and when it had reached it's maximum size T'Soona stood up, straddled Rayven and then lowered her pussy down onto Rayven's clit cock. 

She began to fuck Rayven, slowly at first, but then getting faster as each approached their climaxes. T'Soona came first, but then Rayven soon followed voicing her orgasmic bliss as everyone could see her cock pulsing as T'Soona was still slowly fucking her. 

When T'Soona extracted Rayven's clit cock from her pussy, a flood of cum squirted out all over the table. Laruun moved in quickly and began to lick T'Soona's pussy clean as everyone started moving closer to the table. 

Rayven watched Mark as he walked toward the table. Then he placed a hand on her breast and squeezed gently as he bent down and gave her a kiss, "That was beautiful to watch, but I still can't wait until our next time together." 

Candy had moved in and begun to lick Rayven's clit cock and pussy clean, and Solara was still sitting in her chair, fingering herself with one hand, massaging her breasts with her two upper hands and fingering Laruun with the remaining hand. 

Mark deduced that there was still one pussy that wasn't being attended to, so he moved around behind Candy, patted her ass and moved her tail out of the way and proceeded to run his fingers through her pussy lips. Her pussy was already quite wet, so he lined up his cock and slid into her. 

Not knowing what to expect as he'd never really considered fucking a horse, he found her pussy was just a warm and comfortable as other pussies, albeit a slight bit bigger. 

After a few strokes, he felt a tingling in his cock and a wave of sensation from being inside her. As he withdrew on one of his strokes, he noticed his cock had grown. It still looked like a human cock, but was probably about 18" long and considerably larger around. He could easily take foot long strokes in and out of her without falling out. 

Candy moaned very happily as Mark pumped away at her pussy, almost too distracted by the added sensation of his horse-sized cock. Having been erect for the show, plus not having any sex for a few days, Mark did not expect to last very long. 

They had been fucking for a few minutes now and Candy was on at least her second orgasm. Rayven and T'Soona had now got off the table. Rayven had removed Candy's top and was sucking on one of her breasts, while T'Soona was holding Candy's tail and rubbing Candy's asshole while watching Mark's cock pumping in and out. 

Soon Mark reached the point of no return and grabbed Candy's ass and fucked hard into her and with a grunt and what felt like a firehose, started flooding Candy's pussy with cum. He had kept fucking her whilst cumming and she was in orgasmic bliss. There was cum seeping out around his cock already when he began to extract himself. 

When everyone saw the size of his cock they all gasped. Solara got down on her knees and held his cock with two of her arms while licking his shaft clean. Laruun was also licking part of his shaft as was Rayven. 

T'Soona however was playing with Candy's cum-filled pussy. She was licking the dripping cum off, while she had her entire arm shoved inside Candy's pussy. The sights and sensation of feeling everyone playing with his cock kept him quite hard. 

Solara then announced it was her turn as she got up from the floor and, still holding his cock with two hands, guided him around to the other end of the table as Candy was moaning from T'Soona's ministrations at the other end. 

She sat on the table with her butt near the edge, leaned back on her lower elbows with her knees up and thighs spread exposing her bald green pussy. She spread her lips open with her fingers and pulled his still horse-sized cock toward her sex. 

She moved the head back and forth, trying to stuff the head into her pussy. Eventually she succeeded, her pussy felt very tight on his cock as he started to push deeper into her. Surprisingly she was able to take it in almost all the way, when Mark felt the now familiar tingling in his cock. They both felt her tightness relax a bit as his cock re-sized itself for her. Soon Mark was slowly fucking in and out of her pussy. 

Rayven and Laruun had joined and were now sucking on Solara's large breasts. T'Soona had extracted herself from Candy, who was still leaning on the edge of the table with a look of bliss on her face, and was straddling Solara's stomach while she was massaging the breasts with her hands. Her little pink pussy was spread amazingly wide right above Solara and Mark's union. 

Mark was watching the girls take care of Solara's breasts, while Solara and Mark were staring into each other's eyes. Mark had moved one of his hands to T'Soona's ass and was massaging it while fucking his thumb in and out of her pinkness. 

Soon again Mark found himself reaching that feeling of no return, he looked at Solara, who had a huge grin on her face and a true look of longing in her eyes as she just nodded Yes to Mark. 

With her encouragement Mark soon found his cock erupting a flood of cum into her pussy. Despite the fact that he had just cum, this load felt almost as big as the one he gave Candy. 

"By the way, you have improved stamina and increased semen production. As long as you drink enough fluids, you could cum numerous times in succession!" Cricket voiced in his head. 

As he extracted his cock from Solara's pussy, now gaping wide exposing her inner pink and a pool of Mark's cum inside her as it slowly began to return to its original form. 

She stood up from the table, and cum dripped down the inside of her leg as she wrapped all four arms around Mark and gave him a deep passionate kiss. "Thank you, I have longed to feel a male's seed inside me for far too long. I'm so glad Laruun found you and that the Atlanteans have blessed you with this remarkable cock. Now none of us will have to go so long without feeling your seed being pumped into us." 

T'Soona was fluttering beside them, "So when are you going to fuck me?" 

"Are you sure you can handle this?" Mark said pointing at his cock. 

"I don't know, but we won't know if we don't try!" she said with a forced smile. 

"Tell you what, because I don't want to hurt you, why don't I lie on the table and you can be on top, like you did with Rayven?" he suggested as her eyes and smile got bigger. 
