 In the morning, Mark woke up to Solara sleeping in front of him and Laruun cuddled up against his back. 

He extracted himself out from between the sleeping beauties and found his way to the galley which was an open area the width of the ship right behind the bridge. 

Thinking he wanted a cup of coffee, Cricket cut in with instructions. "Grab a cup from the cupboard, go to the drink dispenser on the wall and press your hand to the screen." 

Mark touched the screen and a menu appeared that said HOT and COLD. It looked easy enough so he selected HOT... another menu appeared and he saw COFFEE and when he selected it a menu came up showing 0 SUGAR and 0 CREAM with a + and - on each side and a MAKE icon at the bottom of the screen. Wanting a black coffee, he just pushed MAKE and the coffee started pouring into his cup as the screen displayed, Enjoy your drink! 

Mark took the cup of coffee and went to the bridge to sit down in the pilots seat. 

As he entered the bridge, consoles started lighting up. The bridge wasn't really a bridge so much as a cockpit. It just had the one central swivel chair and was surrounded by consoles. Obviously this ship was designed to be flown by a single person. 

He sat down in the chair with his coffee and took his first sip. It wasn't the greatest coffee, but it would do. He looked around at all the consoles and saw all kinds of status and technical drawings for the various features of the ship. 

Power: 100%, Life Support: 0%, Light Drive: 0%, Main Thrusters: 0%, Lateral Thrusters: 100%, AntiGrav Cyclics: 100%, Shields: 100%, Cloak: 100%, Communications: 100%, Mass Fabricator: 100%, Food/Drink Synthesizer: 100%, Clothing Synthesizer: 100%, Cargo: 2% 

Mark asked, "What's this cargo 2% about?" 

Cricket explained, "That's the current weight ratio of our cargo load. Not that we could leave anyway without the main thrusters, but the closer you get to 100% the more thrust is required to move about in atmosphere." 

Mark asked, "Communications 100%? Does that mean we can call someone?" 

Cricket answered, "I suppose we could, but I have no contacts to call, I'll start monitoring communications in case someone calls us or we pick up another signal." 

Just then Rayven spoke up behind him, "So captain, what's the plan?" 

"No plan yet, Solara is still sleeping, she must have worked well into the night or morning before she succumbed to sleep. Wanna seat?" he motioned to the naked devil standing beside him as he swivelled the seat toward her. 

"Don't mind if I do!" she said as she sat in his lap holding her cup of what smelled like hot chocolate. 

Rayven looked around and said, "You really can talk to the ship! I haven't seen this area powered up since Marco was alive." Then she let out a little laugh and said, "I just thought of something... Mark... Marco... it's like you were meant to take care his place. Except I like the way you take care of us better as Marco never had sex with us." as she wiggled her ass on his cock, which was already showing signs of life. 

Rayven lifted herself up, grabbed his now hard cock, directed it toward her pussy and sat back down to continue drinking her hot chocolate. "Ahh that feels better." 

"Yes, yes it does!" Mark said happy to just sit and cuddle with his little devil. 

After a few minutes, Laruun walked in, looked down and saw Rayven impaled on Mark's cock and said, "Good morning!" gave them each a quick kiss and then leaned in and started licking their union. "Mmmm you guys haven't cum yet." 

"No, we've just been sitting here talking, Rayven just got tired of getting poked, so she repositioned it." 

"Convenient!" Laruun said as she continued to lick their union and starting to spend more time on Rayven's big clit. 

Mark felt Rayven's pussy tighten around his cock as she moaned and her clit cock began to grow. 

Laruun kept up her ministrations, drawing Rayven's cock out to its fully erect size. Mark was watching over Rayven's shoulder, massaging her breasts and teasing her nipples. 

Once Laruun was satisfied Rayven's cock was hard enough she climbed on top and lowered herself onto it facing both of them. 

She gave them both kisses before she began to slowly fuck herself up and down on Rayven's cock. 

Once Laruun got into a rhythm, Rayven was playing with Laruun's little pink nipples, squeezing a drop of milk out and then licking it off. 

In this position though, Mark was unable to move. His cock was still hard due to the warmth of Rayven's pussy and the erotic sight in front of him. 

Sensing Mark's inability to move Laruun said, "I'd like to try what T'Soona did if you two don't mind. Although it would have to be you in my ass Rayven, I'm pretty sure Mark would hurt." 

Rayven then suggested maybe they should go back to the bed in the cargo bay. 

When they reached the makeshift bed, pretty much everyone except Solara was starting to awaken, it seemed that the idea of sleeping on the floor together appealed to everyone and they had all brought their mattresses and blankets out, except Candy who it turned out always slept in the cargo hold as she couldn't fit in a bunk room. 

Mark lay on the bed and Laruun moved on top and impaled herself on Mark's cock, Rayven then positioned herself behind Laruun and after a dollop of lube slowly slid her cock in. Laruun took over and started moving her own body to stroke the two cocks inside her. 

Soon she started quickening her pace as Rayven was getting closer to orgasm. Laruun came big time, her orifices squeezing both cocks. Rayven then started cumming into her ass and the feel of both of them pulsing against and around his cock, started Mark squirting inside the kitty. 

T'Soona and everyone else was now awake and watching them. Laruun looked at them and said, "T'Soona was right, that was awesome! Everyone should try that sometime!" 

Solara had woke up and had been watching. She indicated she had an even better idea for that, but that would have to wait until later. Right now she wanted to show Mark what she had came up with. 

T'Soona and Rayven stayed to clean up Laruun, while Candy followed Solara and Mark over to the work area. 

When they got to the work area, Mark sat on a smooth curved seat. Then he noticed Solara and Candy smirking at him. 

"What?" he asked confused. 

Candy said, "That's the sex chair you're sitting on." 

"The sex chair?" 

Candy raised her eyebrows and smiled, "Yeah we sit in the chair and that machine there fucks us with a dildo. Well that's we used to do, we saw it on the Internet, but now that you're here..." 

"Ahhh I see, you girls will have to demonstrate it sometime. But not now, something tells me we need to figure out a plan and get it going before those guys come back with friends." Mark said, then gestured for Solara to continue as the rest of the girls joined to watch the presentation. 

Solara activated a switch which dimmed the lighting in the cargo hold, then a holographic projection of the ranch came up. With waves of her four hands and arms Solara outlined her plans for the ranch... subject to Joe and Kat's approval of course. She zoomed in here and there and moved around the ranch showing the sequence of events. Once she was done, she asked if there was any questions. 

Mark spoke up, "The first part, building the underground hangar in the clearing to the southwest of the trailhead. How long will that take?" 

Solara thought about it for a second, then replied, "The construx could probably have it done within a day, and they could likely do it without disturbing the topsoil until it came time to open the hangar to park the ship. If Joe and Kat agree to my plan, I could probably have the whole plan done within a week without disturbing anything or anyone." 

"OK sounds like a start, that's way better than what I was thinking and I like how you want to help Joe and Kat without having ever met them." Mark commended her. 

"Now I need to go see Joe and Kat and run this plan by them. I saw from the bridge this morning that we're actually hovering over the spot you were just talking about." 

"I saw what Solara was doing and I liked her plan, so I took the initiative to park the ship there instead of in the pasture where you had indicated. That way if you did want to start construction, the ship would block the view from the satellites." 

"Thank you for taking the initiative!" he thought, then said, "Lower the ramp and I'll take the Gator back to the ranch." 

Laruun pointed to where his clothes were, "Don't you think you should put some clothes on first?" 

Mark drove the now silent Gator back to the farm, which really was only 200 yards away. 

It was roughly 10am in the morning and no one else was at the ranch today, so Mark drove in, parked and went into the lodge where Joe and Kat were drinking coffee. 

Kat looked him up and down and said "Mark is that you?" 

Forgetting he now looked much younger, he said, "Of course it's me! Oh yeah, I guess I look a bit different. Lots has happened this past week, I need to sit down with you and Joe to go over a few things." 

Just then Joe walked in, did a double take and said "Well I guess I don't need to ask if things went OK with the aliens! You look like you found the fountain of youth." 

"Well not exactly a fountain, but the medibed in the ship can do wonders. It returned me to what was called a prime state." 

"I'll say!" Kat said, "you look a lot like you did when we first met you, except maybe in a bit better shape." 

"Well if you want to try the medibed, I won't stop you, but that's the whole reason I was gone so long. I got up there we had burgers, I got in the medibed and woke up yesterday." 

Kat teased him, "Awww, so you didn't get to fuck all the sexy aliens?" 

Mark donned a huge grin, "No I did! That was why I didn't come back yesterday!" then he continued, "Well that plus we encountered some scientists or military up at the high lake. So we're looking for a place to hide." 

Kat said, "I suspected that was the reason for the phone call yesterday. We got a call from the military yesterday notifying us that they would be doing some exercises in the hills and if we could please not do any trail rides to the northwest for a couple of weeks." 

Joe said, "Mark, we don't want any trouble!" 

Mark explained, "Actually I'm hoping there won't be any trouble. I've got a plan that I'd like to run past you, but not here, I'll need to take you to the ship as Solara can show and explain the idea better than me. 

Because time is of the essence right now, I'd like to fill you in on our first step. That clearing just to the left of the trailhead behind those trees, we'd like to build an underground hangar there to hide the ship in, we can do it fairly quickly AND without disturbing the topsoil until we need to park the ship. Then my plan was to build my house on top of it." 

Joe turned his hands up, "Well if it's not really going to disrupt anything, I can't see any harm in that part. Go ahead!" 

"Cricket, can you tell Solara it's a go for the hangar?" 

"Done!" she replied. 

Mark, Kat and Joe went out to the courtyard and turned on a fire pit. He described each of the girls, told them about the hamburgers, then told him about the medibed, what it did for him and of his distant Atlantean relations. He also told him of the encounter with the intruders, how they got away and how he hopes they think they left the planet or at least moved to the northwest. 

Then he started talking about his house above the hangar. He said he was going to keep with the ranch motif, having it look like it was made out of logs, with white trim and green metal roof. He also said he was going to take a page out of their book and build an open shelter to park his trailer, truck and Gator under. 

He then told Joe about the Gator and that it had a new motor in it. One that was always on and completely silent. 

The rest of the morning and afternoon passed quickly with lots of questions until Annabelle and Jason returned home from school. 

Annabelle did a double take and realizing the handsome man was Mark, she ran and jumped into his arms and gave him a big kiss. Then stopped and looked him over saying, "Now maybe I won't have to bother finding a guy my age anymore since you now look about my age! Can you be my boyfriend?" 

Mark laughed, "That is a definite possibility, but I'm not going to commit to that right now. I want you to meet the girls, because if you are going to be my girlfriend, you're going to be living with them as well!" 

Annabelle then sniffed and said Mark could use a shower. That sounded like a good idea as he theoretically hadn't had a shower in over a week, so Mark and Annabelle went to the locker room. When Mark was naked Annabelle dropped to her knees and handled his cock. "Wow! You're huge!" 

Once they got under the shower, Annabelle wiggled her ass against Mark's growing erection and eventually assumed the position her mom and dad used the first time they fucked when she lost her virginity. His cock was long enough that even from behind, he was fully embedded in her warm wet pussy. After a few minutes of nice slow love making under the shower, Mark felt his cock tingle a bit and suddenly Annabelle was gasping for air, his cock had grown enough that the head had popped through her cervix. 

The sensation of being fucked directly into her womb caused Annabelle to cum, which in turn triggered Mark to start erupting hot cum directly into her womb, the sensation of which drove Annabelle to nearly pass out from the ecstasy. 

Kat had watched from the doorway behind them and when Mark extracted his cock from her daughter, there was a flood of cum that gushed out of her onto the floor and all down her legs. "Wow! I can't wait to try that beast!" was all that Kat said as she turned and left. 

After cleaning themselves up, it was time for the evening chores so Mark and Annabelle helped Joe bring in the horses and set them up for the night in the barn. Then they returned to the lodge for a supper of spaghetti. 

Because it was autumn, it was dark outside by the time supper was over, Mark instructed Cricket to tell Solara that they were going to walk over to the ship. 

Cricket said "Actually Solara has progressed further than expected on the plan, so go into the workshop and down into the pit." 

They walked across the driveway to the workshop and went down into the pit. 

Cricket then instructed "Touch the right side of the light switch and then walk through the wall." 

Mark touched the right side of the light switch and the wall in front of them turned translucent, revealing a well-lit ramp angling down to a wider area after about 10 yards. 

When they got down to the wide area, it was actually like an old train turntable, a big round room with tunnels leading to various destinations and signs above them. Only one other tunnel was open currently and that was the tunnel to HOUSE, other future tunnels were LODGE, BARN and WORKSHOP which was the one they just came out of. 

So they started walking down toward the house. The tunnel was well lit, slightly sloped downward for roughly 200 yards where it opened into a large well-lit warehouse looking structure that already had the ship parked in it with the ramp down. 

The girls were all mulling around the warehouse, when Solara approached the family. Mark gave her a big hug and said "You work fast, I thought you said it'd take about a day." 

Solara answered "I used construx on my planet and these ones are way faster and more efficient, you can't even see where we opened up the ground to land the ship. I also changed the outer layer of the construction to be uneven and mimic deposits of rocks and other metals native to this area in case anyone were to do scans of the ground." 

Joe, Kat, Annabelle and Jason were speechless and staring in awe at everything around them. Well Jason was mostly staring at the female flesh around him, but he did look at the ship too. 

Joe being the business man asked "Where is the power to operate all these lights coming from? Is my electricity bill going to go sky high?" 

Solara answered, "No Joseph, the construx actually create their own power, eventually if we rebuild the entire ranch out of construx you wouldn't have any electricity bill." 

Joe nodded his head, "I like the sound of that! You must be Solara, pleased to meet you!" he said as he extended his hand, which she accepted and shook saying "Likewise." 

The other girls came over and stood beside Solara as Mark introduced everyone. 

After the introductions were made, Solara guided them into the ship to explain her vision of their non-intrusive hideout and upgrades to the ranch. 

Annabelle whispered to Mark, "Have you fucked them all yet?" 

"Yes I have, some more than once. I think you and Rayven would get along good together." Mark whispered back. 

She whispered into Mark's ear, "She is a cute little redhead. Maybe we can play with her tonight?" 

Mark just smiled. 

Solara went on to explain the various stages to everyone. "Phase One was to build the hangar to store the ship and provide us a starting point... this phase is already complete. 

Phase Two is to build a network of tunnels between the various buildings. If they are going to be monitoring the ranch, we can not just be walking around outside and suddenly disappear on them. As you already know, this phase is already underway.  

Phase Three is to tie into the fences surrounding your land. I see the white fences do not cover the land you own toward the foothills, so we will need to put up some sort of a perimeter on that side. The fence network will also function as surveillance in case someone does come snooping around. The fence network will also provide our shield boundaries, just in case. Our surveillance should be able to detect anyone within a couple of kilometres of the boundary. 

Phase Four is to tie into the existing buildings and rebuild them as construx. The structures will become sturdier, safer and self-reliant for power. This phase also includes building Mark's new home so we have a better place to live than in the ship. 

As Mark has pointed out, the area will likely be under surveillance if not locally, it will be by the satellites. So any new construction will be slowly built until the roof is on so it won't appear as if the building appears out of nowhere to the satellites. 

Joseph, Katherine, this is your ranch, is there anything else you would like to add or modify?" 

Joe said, "Please it's just Joe and Kat, I would like to upgrade the barn, but I'm still too overwhelmed with what has happened so far to think coherently. 

As for your plan, I like how you've made every effort to make everything you're doing to be completely invisible to anyone visiting the ranch. So go ahead with your plan." 

Kat said with a smile, "This is kind of exciting. We'll have the most advanced ranch on the planet... even though we won't be able to tell anyone about it." 

Solara went to her console for a few seconds, "I just set the program to continue, so if you wanted to wait a bit you could walk back to the lodge through the tunnels." 

Mark interjected, "Actually I wouldn't recommend it, if they are already watching this place we should exit at the workshop and walk back to the lodge, the exact opposite of the way we got out here." 

Joe looked at his watch and got a surprised look on his face as they had spent more time than they thought going over the plan, "Whoa it's late! Nice to meet you all. I look forward to spending more time getting to know you, but I'm going to head to bed tonight to absorb everything you've shown me." as he and Kat started back down the tunnel to the workshop. 
