 Note from the author:

This is a chapter 1 of a 10 part series. There's not really a lot of adult content just yet don't worry there will be plenty of that soon enough!

All characters are 18 or over, we don't need a pedo for a protagonist here!

*****

Stanley sat in the grocery store waiting in line. It was a daily routine since the year he left home, go to the store, buy a 2 litre of the cheapest soda, drive home and not blow his brains out. It wasn't the perfect life but it was a life. Sort of.

He shuffled forward in the only checkout lane open at 10 p.m. wishing his routine included a store with a self-checkout as an elderly person slowly counted out change to purchase a pack of smokes. There was a time that he wasn't depressed but after heading off to college his life was reduced to this shuffle in the nearest grocery. That was all he wanted in his life because the day he headed to college was the day his longtime girlfriend broke up with him.

Shuffling a few steps forward Stanley did his best to block that memory. It wasn't so much that she broke up with him it was how she did it. Against his will he thought back to that day as he pulled out onto the interstate leaving his hometown in the dust. He had it made, in a few days Seriah would be following him and they'd start taking classes together, and speak of the devil her name popped up on the call information on his phone. His mind rejected the scenario as he yelled at himself not to answer it as he slowly moved forward another step.

"Hello?" Answered his memory like a fucking asshole. At first there was nothing on the other side but he knew what was coming after replaying this whole thing hundreds of times. First he heard what sounded like clapping and he had took it as his girlfriend congratulating him but that was dispelled as soon as he heard her moan.

" AH... look Stan, fuck, me and you have to stop." He heard a man over the speaker telling her to tell him he was balls deep inside her. Her voice cracked into a giggle as she turned it on speaker phone for him to hear better. Stan pulled off in shock, he could hear her getting fucked, and fucked hard. Nevermind that! She'd never so much as let him grab her tits! Sure they were small, maybe just out of the A cup range, but he was sure we was going to lose his virginity to that very pair of breasts in his view.

Back in the present Stanley trudged forward ever nearing his destination. He made sure to cut out his blubbering from the remembered day. No need to feel any more pathetic. Seriah went on to explain that she'd been fucking the brains out of his best friend since the day she turned legal. He knew Dann had a thing for redheads, and Seriah's short cut red locks were always supposed to be hands off. At last that's what he'd promised Stanley. It was more than obvious that was all a lie as he heard his friend over his girlfriend "I'm fucking cumming inside her, oh god her pussy is like a vice I see why you wanted her she's so small her pussy is always going to be able to milk my cock!" 

The phone made an audible click and the last thing he saw was a picture message pop on screen from Dann's point of view as white liquid oozed out of Seriah's pussy, a thin strip of red pubic hair looked like had caught a jet of semen as his ex-friend had pulled out to take the picture. That was bad but it wasn't the end, before he could block both of their numbers hundreds of picture messages flooded his screen.

Stan scooted another step forward, just one customer ahead and then he could walk home and try to sleep. The images kept flooding his mind as he was reminded. One of her taking Dann's dick inside her mouth, a dozen or so showing cum splattered over her freckled face or her small breasts, and who knew how many pictures of Dann's cock inside of Seriah. It was the last picture that broke his mind. It was of Seriah face down between the legs of his older sister as her mouth was placed on his former friends genitals, but the picture didn't stay that way as it started to play.

Payton took her face away from the now glistening cock, "you're not going to show Stan right? Please don't show him!" Her blue eyes pleaded up at the camera as a hand forced her head down and her lips hungrily devoured Dann's shaft. She made a slurping sound and a few gags as he fucked her face her long blonde hair shielded the event but the sounds didn't spare Stanley the details. Seconds later his dick pulled out from her mouth and ribbons of cum splashed on his sisters 32B(he'd seen her bra, more than he ever got from his ex!) sized breasts as Dann shouted out "I've been fucking your girlfriend and since she turned eighteen and your sister for the last year! Have fun at college!" He heard Dann order his penis cleaned and both girls eagerly began licking away at the quickly deflating member as the video cut out.

Stanley took his last step in what seemed like the longest walk of his life to reach the register. The girl standing behind the station was red haired, she had an incredibly small chest most likely an A cup, and her nametag read Seriah. Immediately he let go of the two litre he was holding in shock as he realized who was working. He was states away from his hometown, he had even transferred to the west coast to avoid this very situation. Stan noticed her eyes were wide in a mix of shame and fear at how he'd react no doubt.

He didn't say a word he simply bottled it all in, all his hate and depression he'd felt for just over a year was swallowed up and sunk to the bottom of his gut. This was his chance for closure but the only way he was going to get that is if he ignored this bitch of tiny girl moved on as if she didn't exist. Stanley didn't get to shut her up when she did what she did to him and it was important that he had the power to block her out now so he could let it all go.

Bending down he was reminded how much he towered over his ex. It wasn't that he was incredibly tall, no he was only 5'11", it was how amazingly short she was at 5'1". Another image threatened to pop up and Stanley forcibly pushed it down inside with all of his emotions killing the memory before he had to suffer again. Snapping the dirt cheap cola from the floor he handed it over to the cashier making sure to not think of her as what she used to mean to him. In all honesty he wanted to see her as less than human, wanted to yell at her, and most of all make her feel like he felt!

Quickly Seriah scanned the beverage then her eyes popped open wide as soon as she saw the price of 2,388,984.42. The lights overhead flickered and Stan figured it was a warning that the store would close soon. After undoing the error she again scanned to his annoyance the price scanned was even higher meaning he was stuck with this slut for longer already every second felt like an eternity. A third time the soda ran through the scanner and the price showed 5,799,945.38. 

Seriah looked up at him and moved to apologize but his glare shut her down before a squeak made it out of her vocal chords. Again and again she tried to fix the problem as a line grew behind him. The price continued to rise and rise as the lights all flickered more and more. The world seemed to empty around him and darken. To Stanley there was only him, the cola, the girl who had cracked his mind a year ago. All of his emotions about the situation continued to surface and get pushed down. Everything he felt was being thrown out except for his smoldering rage.

No. It wasn't just that. Stan felt something else. Something just out of reach and desperate to avoid dealing with Seriah he started to feel for this unknown presence trying to grasp it in his mind's eye. Every time he came close to feeling whatever it was, a blindingly painful memory flashed up of his ex-girlfriend taking Dann's man bits in one of Seriah's orifices but instead of pushing the thoughts down he broke through them with his bottled up rage and each time he did he was aware of his body growing warmer.

It wasn't all that was going on on with his body as the people in line started backing away due to a soft glow emitting from Stan's skin. All of a sudden the lights shut down dousing the store in pitch black darkness save for the lone man standing in front of the cash register who continued to glow with a light blue hue to his visible skin. Stanley remained oblivious to what was happening to him or how everything around him was turning into a creepy shit storm of panic as he kept blowing past each horrible memory in his mind feeding off his unending rage reaching for whatever the hell it was that he could feel.

Just like that as the final horrible image was torn down he felt 'it'. The cash register was what he could sense in his mind, and to a lesser extent the stores lights. Stan looked down realizing that the whole place was dark except for his skin, and for a minute he felt panic before that too was sucked away leaving just his anger that shown through. Reaching out with his mind he 'touched' the electronic register and immediately it booted up, the green backlit screen shown like a star in the inky black dark. He looked at Seriah and smiled briefly at the fear painted over her face, "get down." 

She shrieked and dove for cover as he imagined 'killing' the cash register electricity arced from his chest blowing the object away in a flash of melted plastic and fried circuits. 'Holy shit!' He thought to himself, 'I gotta get the hell out of here!' The panic choked his rage as he grabbed the soda and bolted for the door his skin no longer glowing. His first step outside caused all the lights to hum back into existence and the remaining customers started calling every government department they could think of.

At the edge of the parking lot he turned back running his hands through his blonde hair. What the actual fuck just happened! How the hell did he do that! Each question opened up more questions and finally he tore himself away as sirens were heard and he wanted nothing to do with this crime scene

----- 

Detective Mali got the call that some weird stuff was going down on main at the Super Foods grocery store. She had bounded up and thrown on a black jacket over an old t-shirt and pulled a pair of jeans on forgoing any bra or panties. Looking herself in the mirror she quickly threw her brunette hair into a ponytail and gave herself a blue-eyed wink before bounding out the door a man calling out for her to stop and someone else could handle it. As much as she hated her fuck session getting interrupted she was more excited about an odd case in a sleepy college town.

Besides her latest lover was noticeably lacking in the experienced partner department. Mali cringed a little as she got into her car her pelvic bone was likely bruised, 'God if you're going to just randomly thrust into a girl don't try to break bones Parker!' She groaned thinking how she was going to let this guy down. Pushing that all to the side as she pulled into the parking lot of the store she stepped out the car knowing how not professional her attire was, but when you interrupt a gal getting plunged you sure as hell can't expect much.

A tiny girl was sobbing talking to a couple of officers and Mali waved one over, "Sam Mali, detective, so you said a guy shot lighting?" She knew she sounded incredulous, but that's what the dispatcher told her.

"Fuck, that ain't all the freak of nature glowed like a - and I shit you not, a fucking blue firefly!" As the chubby officer finished his tale she let out a chuckle, "hey Mali fuck you! Don't take my word the thing is going viral after a customer uploaded it from their phone." The hefty man shoved his phone under her nose and her eyes widened as it played the whole scenario out all she could do was mouth the word 'shit'.

Shaking her head she tried to put a logical spin on it. Mali was 28 and figured all her gullible years were behind her but this was all just too eerie to discount. She cocked her head to the side, "what's with the girl, officer...?" 

"Stone, ma'am," the portly individual let out a sigh, "real fucking sick bitch off the record Mali, real fucking sick. She was our suspects old flame, but the whole time she was with him she was fuckin' his best friend and then her and the friend fucked the perps sister together for laughs. Then the two of them spilled it all on speaker phone mid fuck uploading a few hundred pictures of them doing the nasty and one vid of his sister face fucking." Mali wanted to walk away, whatever that young slut got was better than she deserved. Unfortunately detectives can't condone crime and while that girl didn't deserve help it wasn't Mali's call.

An EMT put a blanket over the girls shoulders and Mali knew she was in for a shitty night as she played nice and introduced herself as Sam to the 'victim' Seriah. A really long night, as her bruised pelvis and unsatisfied pussy reminded her. She should of worn the underwear she thought to herself cause there wasn't a chance in hell she was going to miss out on a shot at ruining Seriah's night too.