 (Based on a dream.)

She wouldn't stop masturbating. Leaning on the hull, basking in the sun, wearing nothing else, Anik was reaching one hand under her crimson loincloth, and with the other, squeezing and fondling her firm but furry breasts. This was her time of day, of course; it's not the fault of the T'kaan that they must masturbate three times a day to stay fit. Had things gone as planned she could have had this and whatever other intimate moments she needed in private, but as it was standing there as she played with herself was making me quite uncomfortable.

Not least because it was beginning to turn me on. Hearing her make noises like purring and moaning as she stroked slowly, then faster, listening to her loincloth flutter in the wind, I found myself at the beginnings of an erection. For awhile I'd been trying to feign interest in my scanner, as if I really cared where we were or how long it would take us to be rescued, but after one particularly intense moan I simply had to turn and watch her.

Anik's furry white body really was beautiful, if not quite human in texture and proportion. A nice young male (or female; I understand non-bisexuality is extremely rare among the race) T'kaan would be very lucky to have her. Her eyes were a gentle blue-green, teal perhaps, round like a human's, though she mostly kept them closed, and even the rounded pseudo-feline ears on the sides of her head were cute when they fluttered in her ecstasy. Normally her four nostrils bothered me, but today they seemed to suit her, inhaling and exhaling ever more heavily. Her mouth had always been soft, though eerily lipless, and her neck long and smooth. Her breasts had always seemed remarkably human, especially now as her perfectly five-fingered hand stroked and caressed them. Though not as much as most of the women on the ship, I came to see that she did have some curve to her, a gentle, almost imperceptible inward sloping to her stomach, and of course she used to joke that navels were the one thing that was universal. With those long, soft legs sprawled out carefree, and her hand pushing up the fabric of her loincloth in waves, I came to wonder what sort of elegant anatomy it covered.

Did she have a vagina, deep and wet and welcoming? Vulva around it, wide lips covering and protecting it? Were the outer lips furry and soft like the rest of her? Under those lips, was there a pert and sensitive clitoris, responding gleefully to her every touch? Did she slip her fingers inside her wetness, softly pumping, imagining some strapping T'kaan's hard shaft?

By now I was completely erect, stretching my uniform. I wanted desperately to stick that member in something, and right now Anik seemed a very good choice indeed. Suddenly she cried out something in what must have been her native T'kaan and began to spasm loudly, and I felt like I'd explode like a plasma torpedo. If I didn't act soon she'd finish her midday orgasms and I'd have lost my chance.

"Anik?" I asked finally and sheepishly, as her body began to relax. "Do you mind if I join you?"

After moaning a few more times, she collected herself, still leaving her hand under her loincloth, and said, "I didn't know humans needed midday orgasms."

"We don't need them," I admitted, "but we like them."

She shook her head, rubbing harder. "What have you been waiting for, then?"

I smiled; she honestly didn't understand Terran taboos. Where she came from 

everyone would sit and masturbate together as surely as we might gather for lunch.

So, deciding that it wouldn't upset her, I unzipped my pants, immensely glad just to feel the freedom of my penis in the open air. I couldn't have waited any longer if I'd tried as I wrapped my hand around my shaft and rubbed for all I was worth. 

Yet she did seem surprised, however, both by the size of my member and the fact that I'd completely revealed it. "Oh," she laughed, "do you make orgasms together with your clothes off on Earth?"

"Always," I said, not sure if I was lying or not.

"Then I shall do the same," she giggled, and immediately tore down her loincloth. I watched in awe as she revealed not one, but three little clitorises, arranged in a triangle, each receiving alternating attention from her palm. Her outer lips were indeed as furry as I'd thought (and hoped), and now pulled so completely open that her body looked unimaginably aroused and sweetly vulnerable. A sticky, milky wetness, almost like semen, poured out of her various organs, leaving spots on her fur and the hull. Her vagina was tight and oval-shaped, but I was confident it could and would stretch for me.

As I stared in awe ar her spasming body, I found myself rubbing my shaft uncontrollably, as if guided by a force outside myself. Soon she was staring at me as I at her, and it was obvious that we were each intensely excited by this display of foreign sexuality. Her next orgasm was simultaneous with mine, and when we both recovered, I have never seen anyone so happy to see puddles of semen on the ground. 

"That's your two for midday, isn't it?" I laughed, noticing sweat on my own forehead. "We're done?"

She got up, drawing her body closer, that body which I realized by now was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. She waited until she was right up next to me, reaching out to touch the hand in which I held my detumescing penis, to whisper, "We need two; we like more."

I grinned and pressed the head of my penis into her palm, gently enough to seem almost accidental. Smiling in her own way, she purred and began to softly stroke; I wondered what she was used to seeing, touching, penetrating. Almost immediately I could feel my erection coming back. 

I leaned closer, and began to nuzzle my face into the softness of her neck, as I thought a horny T'kaan might do. She laughed with joy, as if surprised how similar the two races really were, then reached over to pull my pants further down. As it hardened she wrapped her hand tightly around my shaft. Leaning back, I placed my hands on her sides, holding her, feeling her subtle curves, stroking around and upward until my hands were fondling her breasts. 

She smiled wider–it was definitely a smile–then suddenly pushed closer and kissed me. She kissed me hard and passionate, showed me just how intensely you could kiss without needing any lips at all. Even the fur around her mouth seemed to add more in its softness than it could ever take away.

Then she pulled away, and spun, facing her back to me, making herself vulnerable again. Holding my hands to her waist she moved her remarkably human ass up and down my body, sliding the tip of my now-fully-erect penis across every surface and crevasse. "Do T'kaan like it in the wrong hole too?"

"Never tried it myself," she giggled. "But," and then she purred something in her native tongue that sounded as seductive as erotica and as beautiful as poetry.

Suddenly that ear sticking out the side of her head simply looked too cute to ignore, and I just had to nibble it, hoping she wouldn't mind. I was glad to hear it draw a moan of delight.

Then she pulled away again, now leaning over and spreading her legs, displaying her glorious anatomy. Seductively she drew her hands down her body, ending at that trio of clitorises, which she greeted gently and affectionately with her fingertips. By now my penis was hopping up and down, begging to penetrate something, and I found myself humping at her buttock. If she didn't give me an orifice soon I didn't know what I was going to do.

But then, she thrusted her body toward me, and the next thing I knew I was inside her. There was no delay, no hesitation, hardly any resistance, just this smooth softness surrounding my member from all sides and a warm wetness slowly leaking onto my testicles. She fit me as if she were designed for the purpose, and we both moaned in joy at every motion. 

She took control, snaking her body in ways I'm sure no human could have done, pumping her body in waves from head to toe, embedding me in her sexual tsunami. Maybe we were having sex, maybe we were fucking, maybe we were making love, but whatever this Terran and this T'kaan were doing together, it was the most beautiful experience of my life. She did things to me I didn't know were possible, and I did things to her I knew she'd never felt either. 

We made a day of it, starting with her pussy, then moving onto to her ass, her mouth. I could have spent hours playing with those clits with my tongue. She taught me how to say "Oh, yes," and "Harder!" in T'kaan. I taught her names for body parts the English tutors had been too shy to use. We both lost count of our orgasms, amazed ourselves with our stamina, and by the end of the day we couldn't tell and didn't care whether the fluid covering the ground, the hull, and ourselves was mine or hers. 

Of course we were still all over each other when the rescue party arrived, and the Captain reprimanded us both (for "recreation on active duty," as I recall), but he could have put me in solitary confinement and he'd never convince me that day wasn't the best day of my life.