 Janie and I were walking along the beach. It had been a wonderful day, so far. The weather was being especially kind to us.

You see, Janie suggested that we get away to the islands. We had only been married a few years, and we missed our "alone time" together.

We were both enjoying the sights. Janie loved to collect shells and I loved to check out her ass as she bent over to get them.

So as we walked along the shore together, I was always two steps behind her with the collection bucket.

She was wearing a bikini that left little to the imagination. It barely covered her sweet ass and showed off her long legs. She finally caught me fixated on her and busted me.

"You better watch your step and not just my ass," she said while laughing at me.

I smiled and replied, "Sorry, I couldn't help myself."

We laughed and continued on our way. The hotel was just up the beach and I was anxious to get back to the room. We had been here for two days and I still hadn't gotten her into the sack yet.

She had gotten a little ahead when she yelled back, "I found something, come here."

I walked over to see her admiring a weird looking ring.

"I just found this in the sand. Look how small it is? Who do you suppose it belongs too?" she said.

I don't know, but it looks like its "finders keepers."

"Well, it's so small, let me see where I can wear it."

She bent over and placed it over her toe.

"It fits here! Do you like it?"

I have always had a thing for her feet and she knew it.

"I love it. I'd like to suck it off your little toe right now."

"I bet you would. Why don't we go back to the room so you can show me," she laughed.

I told her I couldn't wait. We cut through the lobby and Janie asked to stop at the gift shop for a second.

I agreed and followed her inside. I looked at some sunglasses and she was looking at some booklets. Then I heard her tell me to come over.

"Does this ring in the book look familiar?" she asked.

I looked down and saw the ring on the page was the same as the one on her toe.

"Yeah, it's your ring!"

"Well get a load of this," she said. 

"It say's that it is an ancient artifact that gives the ring bearer three wishes."

"Cool, wish for a million bucks," I said.

"No, I can't. You'll love this. It say's it has to be sex wishes. Who believes this crap?"

"I've been wishing for sex my whole life!" I kidded.

"And you're gonna keep wishing, smart ass!" she fired back.

"What if you make your wishes and then give it to me and I'll make my three?" I asked her.

"No, you can't. It says that the effects of the wishes will stay permanent, for the cycle of a full moon as a penalty."

We both shared a laugh and then headed up to the room. She jumped in the shower and I joined her. Soon it got pretty hot in there and we needed the bed.

I said, "Sweetie, please suck me off first." "But then what about me?" she asked.

"Don't worry. You know I can always cum again. Come on, you haven't done that for me in a while," I begged.

"That's because you always cum so much and expect me to swallow it too."

"So, I thought you girls find the stuff delicious".

"Yeah right, if you think it's so delicious then maybe I should wish for.... You know what? Maybe I'll just wish for you to change places with me when I'm giving a blowjob to completion. Then you can't back out of swallowing it all down and you can see for yourself."

I said, "Very funny, but that's not possible unless you're wearing the magic ring!"

She laughed and said, "Oh please. As long as I'm at it, I think I'll also wish for you to be able suck your own dick when ever I say. Maybe then, you'll leave me alone when I don't feel like doing it."

"You still have one wish left," I said.

"You're right. My last wish is for you to find creampies delicious and so irresistible that you'll beg to eat them out after sex," she said.

I said, "Wow, that's some pretty kinky stuff. That should cover all the bases on me swallowing."

"Okay, then that's what I wish for!" she said.

"Well I feel the same. Now suck my dick!" I said with a laugh. 

She said, "Come on and bend over and try it, you know you're curious. All men would suck their own crank if they could."

"This is ridiculous. That ring is just some old superstition, see."

I looked down at my cock. It was a deep shade of red and dripping with precum. She moved down my legs to watch.

"Try it. I promise to give you the best blowjob ever if the ring didn't work," she said.

"You don't really believe that shit about the magic ring, do you? Watch this," I kidded.

I leaned over and unbelievably I was "face to face" with my own cock!

She yelled, "It works, the ring works."

I thought that there was no way this was possible. Then I heard Janie again.

"Now do it!"

I was afraid of what she would think of me if i did it.

"Please, I wished for it," she said in a sexy voice.

I figured, why not? So I opened wide. This was really fucked up! 

As it made contact with my mouth and slid inside, I marveled at how it felt and how good it was feeling too. So I decided to go slowly. 

The head was large and spongey. I tasted my precum and it felt really hot.

"See how big it is, but it fits better in your mouth than my little itsy bitsy mouth," she said.

After a few sucks, I wanted to see how much I could get in my mouth. To my surprise, I was able to suck almost the whole thing. 

"You're a natural at it," she laughed.

Now I began to slowly withdraw it and just suck on the spongy mushroom head, like Janie does. I felt the heat and the veins bulging underneath when I did that.

"no fair, that's my move. You stole it you cock sucking bitch!" she laughed.

It was feeling wonderful. I wanted to feel the wetness of my mouth again so I slid it back in. I decided it was time to really suck it now.

She said, "Are you sure you never did that before because you're one hell of a cocksucker."

I couldn't thank her for her compliment, my mouth was full. 

She roared with laughter. 

I couldn't concentrate on giving and receiving at the same time. So I decided to focus on how it felt in my mouth and to suck it the best that I knew how.

As if on auto pilot, i began fucking my mouth and before long, my cock reminded me of the over powering sensations I was delivering to it.

I felt my jizz shift out of my balls and into my cock. I got scared, I didn't want to cum in my own mouth. 

So I started to pull my dick out so she could finish the job.

"Oh no, you're gonna swallow it today mister!" I heard her say.

She grabbed my head and held it in place over my dick. I struggled a little but it was too late and she knew it. 

So I stopped struggling and began to really suck. Again I figured why not, I was the one that was feeling it.

"Oh yeah, do it. Get a nice big taste of your own medicine! Mmm, you're sucking real good," she cried and began to massage my nuts.

I couldn't hold back any longer. The first blast was huge. It was so hot and thick. There was so much of it that I had to swallow it quickly. 

To my surprise, I liked it. I actually couldn't wait for more. And there was more, much more. My balls blasted wave after wave of hot cum out.

"That's it, drink it all. How does it taste bitch?" she said with a hint of humor. 

Finally, I was drained. I sat back up and looked into Janie's eyes and let out a contented sigh. I was still savoring the taste of my own semen.

"That was so awesome! Now you can't complain if you're not getting enough head anymore. But remember, you can only do it if I say. That was part of my wish!" she said with delight.

Janie got up and went to the bathroom. When she came back, she was chuckling and said, "I believe I can say now that I have officially given you my last blowjob. I am passing the baton on to you. Now seriously, can you go again yet? I'm so horny," she said.

"If you suck on me this time, I'm sure I can," I said to her but really wasn't sure. My cock was still recovering.

I got on the bed and lied back. It felt good to lie back as I was relaxed from having just cum.

She straddled my legs and I began to feel her warm breath on my cock. it felt good. her long hair fell across my legs.

I began to harden again with anticipation. Then just as her lips slid over the head of my cock, there was a flash of light inside my head. It scared me.

What I was now seeing was impossible.

There was my body lying back on the bed where I was a second ago, but I wasn't in it anymore. To make matters worse, I was now between it's legs sucking its cock. What the fuck? 

Then I realized that I had somehow switched places with Janie! I pulled my head back and there was another flash and I was back on the bed as myself with Janie in front of my cock.

She had a very confused look on her face and said, "What just happened?"

I said, "I don't know?"

She said, "One minute I was about to blow you, then just as I began, poof! I was on my back as you, getting sucked on by someone who looked like me!"

"I know what you mean. I felt the same thing, except, I was you."

"You mean that was you down there?" she asked.

"I don't know how, but it sounds like we traded places with each other for a moment," I said.

"But how?" she exclaimed.

We both looked at each other and then it dawned on us both. We even said it at the same time. 

The ring!

"You know what that means?" she said with a grin on her face.

I told her that I didn't know.

"It means that I can now experience a blowjob from your point of view," she said.

Then she started to giggle.

"What's so funny?" I asked.

"Well, if I'm getting blown, then that means you're experiencing it from my side. I hope you're ready for more of your own sweet cum because payback is a bitch and now you are about to be one too."

She bent over to take me back in her mouth.

I yelled, "Wait a second!"

Again, there was a flash and we were switched. I looked up and saw my body lying there. It was if I was looking into a mirror except my mouth was full of cock.

Then my reflection spoke to me. "Oh sweetheart, this feels amazing. You guys are so lucky; your mouth feels really good. Now don't just sit there, times a wasting! Use that pretty little mouth of yours and blow me!"

She smiled and put her hand on the back of my head and then began thrusting herself between my lips. The problem was, it was like looking in the mirror while she blew me.

I was still in a state of shock. I was getting the short end of the stick, in this scenario, and she was getting a real kick out of it. 

"Let's go cocksucker, move those lips for me! Show me how you always wanted your cock sucked" she said.

I felt her cock harden again. Apparently, all her excitement with this got my body going again. This is even after I had just came before from my own self-sucking escapade. 

I decided to show her a good time. After all, we were still husband and wife. 

So I let her slide deeply into my mouth.I couldn't go as deeply as when I was doing it to myself because her mouth was smaller.

Even though it was my body lying there, I knew that it was Janie who was enjoying this blowjob.

"Oh shit, suck it. You suck my cock just like a little whore. You really look cute with my big cock in your mouth." she said. 

She was really goading me on.

After only a few strokes, I felt her cock beginning to pulsate inside my mouth. It felt weird and exciting; more natural than before. 

I could see the look on her face, even though she looked like me now. This felt empowering to me, to have such control over her body in this way. She was thrusting and beginning to work up a sweat.

"I never knew this could feel so good, I should have done this for you every day. Please just keep going," she pleaded.

So I did and we settled into a nice little rhythm. She watched as I sucked her and bathed her cock with saliva. She began thrusting her hips upward as far as she could.

"I hope i can hold out on cumming for a while, this feels terrific. Hopefully that BJ you gave yourself took the edge off," she said to me.

I decided to tease her a bit and ran my tongue all around the head. When I felt the veins begin to bulge, I reached down and fondled the nut sack between her legs. 

I kept this up for quite a while and then went back to some really intense sucking.

It was weird. While I was in her body, I felt this need to please her in this way. It just felt normal.

"Oh fuck, suck me! Suck me faster!" she implored.

She became incredibly harder and was thrashing about now and began clawing at the sheets.

"Something is happening! I feel it, like I need to burst. It's your cum, I'm gonna cum in your fucking mouth now!" 

I knew how good she was feeling, and then all of a sudden she grabbed the back of my head and began fucking my mouth. I thought I would choke. I couldn't breathe.

She was stronger than I was now, I couldn't break away. She was caught up in the moment.

"Oh fuck here it comes."

She pounded her cock into my mouth and then stopped. Just as she bottomed out in my throat, she exploded. I was twisting but she was too strong.

"Fuckkk...!!!" she cried.

Her cock jerked and blasted thick ropes of her hot sticky jism into my mouth.

She was way too deep and I gagged. I dislodged her for a second. But then she slammed back in with another burst of my hot jizz.

"Oh fuck, I'm still cumming! You're gonna drink it all bitch!" she yelled.

She was right; I did cum a lot. Even the second time around. 

Then, thankfully, she relaxed and pulled her cock back out a little. I could breathe again.

I regained my composure and continued to suck gently and give her as much pleasure as she could handle. 

When she finally stopped ejaculating, she looked down at me and told me to swallow what was left.

I did as she said. My belly felt full. I looked up at her and saw the pleasure in her face.

"Good girl, now don't move. Leave me in your mouth for another minute. I don't want to change back yet. I'm still enjoying this," she said as she stroked my head.

That bitch called me a girl!

But right now, I did feel like one. I so desperately wanted to please her. Her cock was soft now but I could still feel her pulse in its veins. 

Then she smiled down at me and said it was okay now.

I didn't want to let her go. I kept sucking but she was too sensitive.

"Please, you'll get to do this many more times," she said.

As I slid her out of my mouth there was a flash again and I was on my back again.

She looked up at me and smiled. "Thank you. That felt great."

She slid over and lied back. She was now mentally enjoying her orgasm. 

"I am going to get used to that and so are you! You're going to have to blow me all the time from now on," she said.

I was still getting used to what just happened when it occurred to me what she said.

"If that's the case, you can't grab my head when you cum like that. I almost choked to death and what about me? Now I never get to enjoy your mouth anymore," I cried.

"No, but you sure can enjoy your own. Oh and I'm sorry about grabbing you. You just experienced one more thing women put up with. Let's go have dinner now, I'm starved," she said.

That night we relaxed and didn't speak of the ring at all. 

The next morning I woke up before she did. I already had a hard-on and before she had a chance to do "the switch" with me, I decided I'd better act.

So I slid down to her pussy in order to get her wet. I wanted to feel her pussy on my cock.

Next, I pulled the sheets back and exposed her beautiful body. She was so gorgeous. I put my face near her crotch and began to probe the entrance of her pussy with my tongue.

She responded a little and opened her legs. Her fragrant bouquet greeted me. In fact she smelled so good that it made my cock go wild with anticipation of fucking it. 

I couldn't wait any longer and extended my tongue deeper, to gently caress her pussy lips and beyond into her depths.

She began to stir even more. 

As my tongue wiggled deeper inside of her, I began to taste the flow of her honey. Now she began to moan. 

Her eyes opened up and she smiled when she realized why she had been woken. 

"Oooh, that feels so good. Are you my new alarm clock? Stick your tongue in deeper," she whispered.

I did as she asked and continued to lick her pussy for her for quite a while. Next, I slid my finger inside of her.

When I did that, she arched her back and then reached down to run her fingers through my hair. "Oooh, you're gonna make me cum."

I heard her breathing quicken and her legs tensed. Her thighs began to squeeze my head tight.

"Don't stop, oh yeah! I'm cumming!!"

The walls of her pussy clenched down on my finger as I simultaneously chewed on her clit. She held my face in place with her hands as her thighs now gripped my head like a vise.

As soon it was over, she relaxed and said, "That felt so good. Please fuck me; I need to feel your cock inside of me."

"Me too," I said.

I couldn't wait another minute. 

I got up and brought my throbbing cock to the glistening entrance of her pussy. I gently pushed myself in and marveled at the moistness and warmth of her insides as I slid inside. 

Her pussy gripped my cock as I began to pumping into her slowly. I was so horny; I knew I could never last. 

"You're so hard. Fuck me faster," she moaned.

I fucked her as hard as I could. Her legs were in the air and her feet were beside my head. I kissed her toes and thought about her ring.

My cock began to burst. I tried to hold back but I couldn't. 

"I'm gonna cum!" I yelled.

"Not yet! No!!" she yelled back.

It was too late. I unloaded inside of her. My nuts made sure she was full. I shook with release. It felt so good. As soon as I finished, I heard her voice. 

"I was almost there again, please eat me. You can suck out the creampie that you just made?" she said.

Normally after I cum, I need to relax. But as soon as she suggested eating her again, I couldn't resist.

I slid down to her crotch. Her pussy didn't look anything like it did before we had sex. Now, it was all red and her lips were gaping open. I even watched as some of my cum began to gather at the bottom of her battered pussy. Her scent was overwhelming. It was now a mix of semen, pussy juices and sweat.

Strangely, I found myself wanting to suck all of the cream that I could from inside of her. I heard her chuckle like someone had just told her a good joke.

"Did you remember that I wished for you to find semen delicious and beg to eat me out after sex? Now clean me up good and enjoy your hot salty dessert."

She guided my face into her sticky crotch.

"Now that feels so good on my pussy. I feel all hot inside from all of your spunk. Now suck it back out and make me cum."

The creampie was delicious. As I siphoned the endless river of cum out of her, I wished that I didn't enjoy it so much but I didn't have a magic ring. 

She had turned me into her personal sex slave. 

After her orgasm, she said, "Get used to that, too. Creampie is now going to be on the menu daily!"

After that day, I never received another blowjob from her. It wasn't possible anymore. Besides, apparently she didn't miss performing them either.

But she sure enjoyed taking my place and receiving them. I even got pretty good at them.

In fact, on most days, she demanded one as soon as she came home from work. She told me that they "took the edge off of her day".

I wished that she would change things back to the way they were. Now she was always in control. But alas, she had the ring and liked things just the way they were.