 PROLOUGE

Time: 4,000 B.C.

Place: Mount Olympus

Did you know that Life has a twin sister? Well she does her name is Destiny, together they're the Fates, and they always demand their say. 

Sometimes they get a bit lazy. It may take thousands of years to get around to things, but in the end they always get their way. Even gods, and goddesses forget this sometimes...

******************

I had been carrying on a torrid love affair with Aphrodite for almost a year, but now, I had a feeling that Hera knew about it. That bitch had been giving me a cold shoulder for the last month or so. Her attitude really pissed me o

"Who the fuck does she think she is! I'm the fucking KING. It's her duty to service my manly needs, even when I'm dipping my fucking wick in a dozen other honey pots," I thought to myself. It wasn't like this was the first time I had fucked around on her. I had been screwing other bimbos off, and on for thousands of years. She had just ignored it. 

I knew Hera hated Aphrodite, and that the feeling was mutual. The two of them never spoke. They stayed as far away from each other as they could. 

It was why I decided to go, bronco busting, in Aphrodite's tight little cunt.

I thought, Hera would never find out. I also wanted to find out if Aphrodite lived up to her reputation as the best fuck in creation. Aphrodite more than lived up to her reputation. She fucked me raw; many nights I left her temple barely able to walk. 

Hera was doing everything she could to make my life miserable. I decided to end my affair with Aphrodite, but before I did. I was going to spend one last night with Aphrodite. I would teach Hera a lesson that she would never forget.

Aphrodite sensed something different about Zeus that night. What the fuck's wrong with him tonight? Yeah, he's pounding the shit out of my tight little cunt; but his mind is a million miles away."

As she rode me for what I knew would be the last time; I grabbed her hips ramming my cock as far into her quivering pussy as I could. I emptied my balls, spitting spurt after spurt of my creamy white goo deep into her womb. "I'm really gonna miss fucking Aphrodite; but it's either I give up the bitch with the golden cunt; or I put up with the cunt at home." 

She used her kegel muscles to milk my cock, in a way that no other woman ever could. She wanted to feel every drop of my hot cum deep, inside her pussy. "That's it baby; give me every drop of your hot sticky cum! I love the way it feels splashing against the walls of my thirsty little cunt!"

What she didn't know, was that I was using, the time to guide my little swimmers to one of her waiting eggs.

"Sorry baby, but Hera knows we've been fucking each other brainless. 

She's really pissed about it, and she's been giving me a bunch of shit lately. 

We have to stop seeing each other for a while, after the bitch cools off. Maybe then, we can get back together."

Aphrodite exploded. "You fucking prick! I just spent the whole fucking night in this damn bed. I Used every trick I know to fuck you seven ways to Sunday, just to make sure you were fully satisfied." She sighed then continued, "I knew something wasn't right when you first showed up here tonight. I thought I had done something wrong. Instead, you dump this shit on me? Well, you've had your final fuck, now go home to your ice queen. Maybe if you get lucky, your cock won't freeze, in that block of ice she calls a cunt!"

I never told her, I had deliberately impregnated her. I simply ended the affair, and returned home to Hera. 

When I walked, into my castle, Hera went ballistic.

"It's about time you showed up! I've had about enough of this bullshit! I'm tired of playing second fiddle to some whore. I'm not doing it anymore! How can you expect me to be your queen, when all the other gods, and goddesses are snickering behind my back? You're supposed to be the king around here. It's about time you grew up and acted like it!"

I slumped down into a chair, "I already told Aphrodite I couldn't see her anymore. She didn't take it well. We had a big argument. That's what took me so long. I'm sorry baby. I should have never fucked her in the first place. You know you're the only woman I love."

Hera was creation's first bimbo. She fit the stereotype perfectly, long blonde hair, gorgeous blue eyes, a great body, and a brain that always seemed, to be out to lunch. She swallowed everything I said, hook, line, and sinker.

"You really did that baby? You chose me over Aphrodite?"

"Of course I did sweetie. You're more of a woman than she'll ever be!"

She dropped to her knees and yanked my toga up over my waist. "I think my baby deserves a reward for that remark." She took my fat cock into her mouth and began to suck on it like a wild woman.

"No fucking slut is gonna take my man! I'm gonna show him he doesn't need her; no matter what I have to do!"

I was stunned, Hera hated giving blow jobs. I usually had to piss and moan to get her to suck my cock. This was the first time in the thousands of years we'd been together, that she was doing it of her own accord. 

She wasn't anywhere near as good as Aphrodite. But what she lacked in skill, She was more than making up for in enthusiasm. Besides, as far as I was concerned, there was no such thing as a bad blow job. 

She remembered what I had told her a long time ago, that when it came to blow jobs, the wetter the better. She let her saliva dribble out of her mouth coating my shaft and balls. Her silky wet lips were gliding up and down the whole length of my shaft. Her tongue was everywhere, swirling over the head, swishing along my shaft, and sweeping across my big hairy nut sack. She even managed to suppress her gag reflex, allowing her, to take my six and a half inch cock, into her throat.

I was astounded, "Holy shit! This bitch can actually suck a cock! If I had known a little jealousy would liven her up like this; I would have fucked Aphrodite a long time ago!"

I moaned as she took my cock deep into her throat humming one of her favorite tunes and giving new meaning to the term hummer. The vibrations were more than I could take.

"Hera, honey, I'm gonna cum. If you don't want it in your mouth, you need to back off now!"

Hera redoubled her efforts as she reached up grabbing my hands, and. placing them on the back of her head. 

I understood what she wanted, and held her head in place. I shot spurt after spurt, of my hot sticky cum, into her willing mouth. 

She kept her lips tightly sealed, around the head of my cock, milking my shaft with her hands, until she was sure I was completely spent. She held my load in her mouth, looked up, showed it to me, and then swallowed it greedily. 

"Did I do good baby? Did I make you feel as good as that slut did?"

" There's no way I'm telling her the truth! I'm not ruining a good thing now!" 

"Oh hell yeah, Hera honey, you were better than Aphrodite ever was!"

She was ecstatic. She had wanted, to give me the best blow job of my life, and she believed she had done just that!

"That worked out better than I expected. But if I'm gonna keep him, I better make sure he doesn't have any reason to go back to that whore's temple. I'm gonna have to give him everything she did. I've never let him do it before, it's so disgusting and depraved, but I haven't got a choice. I'll beat the whore at her own game this time, but I'm not sure I can do it again." 

Hera stood up, her stomach churning with disgust at what she was about to say. She thought she was going to vomit. She swallowed nervously, putting a bright smile on her face.

"Ooh, I'm glad you enjoyed it darling. I promise to suck you off like that whenever you want. But I think you deserve a much better reward."

She slipped the toga off her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor, kicking it across the room. She turned spreading her legs wide and bending over, giving me a perfect view of her nicely rounded ass, and engorged pussy lips. 

She looked back at me from between her legs, spreading her cheeks with both hands. "Baby, I want you to put your nice fat cock right here. She tapped on her asshole, with her index finger as she spoke.

I nearly fell out of my chair. Hera never let me anywhere near her asshole. The one time I had brushed it lightly with a fingertip as she rode me; she had climbed off, stormed out of the bedroom, and wouldn't even speak to me for days.

"I don't know what's gotten into her, but there's no way I'm turning THAT down! I think I'm gonna love this new Hera!"

I didn't know what to say. I just scooped her up, and carried her to the bedroom. I tossed her on the bed, and growled, "On your hands and knees woman!"

Hera quickly did as she was told, swallowing a mouthful of bile at the same time. "Me and my big mouth. I can't back out now. If I do, I'll lose him for sure!"

I ripped of my toga as I dropped to my knees, spreading her ass cheeks with both hands, and admiring her puckered hole for a few seconds. I began running my tongue up and down, licking her from ass to clit. Then, sliding two fingers into her tight soaked pussy, I finger fucked her, as I thumbed her swollen clit.

"I love what you're doing darling, it feels great, but I thought you were going to fuck me up the ass."

"I am baby, I'm just getting you ready, that's all"

"Ummmm. I love how you get me ready sweetie. Oh my, ummm, right there. 

Oh yeah, that's the spot. Oh fuck, if you don't stop you're going to make me cum."

I coated two fingers with her lavish juices, eased them into her tight virgin asshole, pumping them in and out, slowly expanding the tight ring of muscle.

"Ummm, ahhh, oh yeah. Oh, that feels so fucking good. Please baby, put your big cock in me. I need to feel you inside my tight little asshole NOW!"

I rammed my cock in and out of her soaked cunt a few times, coating it thoroughly with her slick juices. Then, placing the mushroomed head against her sphincter muscle, I pushed until it popped into her tight virgin asshole.

Hera cried out, "oh, ow. Don't you fucking dare stop, keep fucking pushing. Oh shit, fuck that hurts. Oh wow, it is finally in me."

I slid two fingers back into her soaked twat, fingering her, and thumbing her clit, while caressing one of her, big beautiful boobs, waiting for her tight asshole to adjust, being invaded by my fat cock.

"Oh wow, my asshole feels so stuffed. Ummm, I love the way that feels. Fuck me baby. Come on, fuck my tight little asshole with your big cock."

Hearing her begging, for it, was all the incentive I needed. I grabbed her hips, and thrust the whole length of my cock deep into her asshole. I fucked her fast and hard, my balls slapping her sexy ass, leaving a bright, red mark where they hit.

"Oh wow, I don't believe it. You're fucking me up the ass with that big cock, of yours. I love it. It feels so fucking good. Oh shit, fuck meee, I'm cumming!"

A wave of euphoria, washed over her body, as her eyes rolled back. 

Her breathing came in short strangled gasps, and every muscle in her body twitched, and convulsed in pure delight. 

I drove my cock balls deep into her clenching asshole one last time. My legs gave out as I collapsed on top of her, driving her face first onto the bed. My cock spit stream after stream, of hot gooey cum deep into her asshole. 

I rolled over lying beside her, panting like a dog.

Hera lifted herself up on one elbow, gave me a peck on the lips and smiled. "Wow baby, if I had known it was gonna be that much fun, I would have let you fuck my asshole a long time ago!"

It didn't take Aphrodite long to realize that she was pregnant. She knew instantly who the father was. As the king of the gods, Zeus was the only being in creation who had the power to impregnate her without her knowledge and consent.

Aphrodite was livid. She knew Zeus had done it deliberately, he had fucked her in more ways than one. She had a pretty good idea why.

"The sun will shine in the underworld, before I'll let one of my children be used as a pawn in some sick game between Zeus and Hera!"

Mortals think that gods and goddesses come into being as adults, with all their powers in place. They're wrong; gods and goddesses grow and mature in much the same way a mortal child does. The major differences being, that a new god or goddess begins, to develop their powers in their mid to late teens. It's also around this time they learn what destiny has in store for them.

All this confusion comes from the fact that gods and goddesses are immortal. They always look so young, even though they're thousands of years old. What mortals forget, is that a god or goddess stops aging once they reach adulthood.

Aphrodite knew all of this of course; it was the reason she was so pissed off.

She knew that Zeus had impregnated her just to punish Hera for some perceived slight.

She also knew, Zeus and Hera had been very happy the past few months. Strolling around Olympus, holding hands. Giving each other little kisses, and whispering sweet nothings into each others ears.

There was no way, Zeus could have told Hera about Aphrodite's pregnancy.

"If he won't tell Hera I'm pregnant, then I will!"

She strolled into Zeus's throne room. "Hey Zeus, have you told your ice queen that you're gonna be a daddy yet?"

Hera gave Zeus a questioning look.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Zeus, did I spoil your surprise?" She rubbed her stomach as she looked over at Hera. "Yep, old Zeus left me with a little parting gift. In the very near future, he'll be blessed with another child, to remind you, of just how much he really loves you. She gave a little wave, "ta ta you two," spun around on her heels and left the room laughing.

As far as she was concerned, Zeus could beat his meat in a corner somewhere. Olympus would crumble into dust, and fall from the heavens, before she would let him near her pussy again!

Aphrodite named her child Cassandra, and kept her in the temple with her; far away from Zeus and Hera. At first it was easy keeping Cassandra in the temple. She adored her mother and really enjoyed the time they spent together.

But as she grew, so did her curiosity. By the time she turned thirteen, it was nearly impossible to keep track of the child. It was about this same time that Cassandra learned who her father was. She thought it was so cool, she was actually a princess.

A few months later Cassandra went to visit her father, despite all of Aphrodite's warnings and protests. The reception Cassandra received was not at all what she expected. Zeus was extremely cruel. He made it perfectly clear that he wanted nothing to do with her. Hera was even worse, telling Cassandra to return to the whore's temple and to never bother Zeus again.

Cassandra returned to Aphrodite's temple with a broken heart, and in tears. Once again Aphrodite was livid. There was nothing she could do except offer, Cassandra what little comfort she could.

The next several years passed, and by the time she turned seventeen, Cassandra had blossomed into a beautiful young woman. 

Cassandra may have blossomed physically, but she was a late bloomer when it came to her powers. She was just three months shy of her eighteenth birthday when her powers finally began to show themselves. It would be another year before her powers fully developed, and she revealed that she was destined to become the goddess of peace and prosperity. 

When Aphrodite learned what Cassandra's destiny was, her heart sank. There was no way the other gods and goddesses would accept Cassandra now. Hell, even she didn't want a goddess of peace and prosperity! 

Aphrodite knew, all hell was going to break loose, but the one that worried her the most was Hera. The woman was just plain evil. There was no way that Aphrodite could protect Cassandra from the coming storm. She shuddered to think what Hera would do. 

Hera went ballistic. She vowed she would rid Olympus of "that whore's brat," no matter what she had to do. It didn't take Hera long to come up with a solution. All she had to do was swallow her pride, and pay a visit to the Great Caliph of the Djinn. She swallowed a couple of loads of his hot sticky cum, and she had what she needed to carry out her plan.

Cassandra was doomed!

******************



Fast forward:

Year: 2014

Place: Earth

He was just an old man who was tired of the world and the people in it. All he wanted was to live out his remaining years in peace and quiet.

To him, the whole world was a fucking mess. With all those religious

wackos, running around killing anybody who didn't agree with their point of view. As far as he was concerned; they were nothing more than homophobic control freaks. Wannabe tin plated dictators, with delusions of godhood.

It was one thing to kill an enemy in combat, that he could understand. But these wackos were killing unarmed people, mostly innocent women and children. That was something he would never understand. It made him sick to his stomach every time he heard about them on the nightly news. 

His personal life was a huge mess too. He had come home to find his girlfriend with her bags packed, and on her way out the door. She spent a few minutes screaming obscenities at him, then got in her car and left.

"Women sheesh, I've had enough of their damn drama to last me two lifetimes! I'm getting too old for all this bullshit. I need some time away."

He bought an old run down house out in the middle of the desert. It was as far away from people as he could get, and that suited him just fine. "Oh yeah, this is perfect. It's so quiet, and peaceful; there isn't another house for miles."

He lived there for several years, but this was an unusually hot spring.

He decided to set up his swimming pool early. He forgot to check the drain cap, and when he came back about a week later, the pool was nearly empty.

"Great, just what I need; six thousand gallons of wasted water! That ought to make the water company real happy in this drought!"

After tightening the drain cap, he turned to walk away. He noticed the sun glinting off something metallic in the soft sand. "Hey, what's that?

Oh cool, it's a ring. I wonder how it got there. Let's see what it looks like after, I clean it up a bit. Maybe something good will come from this mess after all."

He sat down at the table sipping a cold drink as he examined the ring.

"This thing's gotta be worth a small fortune. I get the feeling it's really old. There's an inscription on the inside. I've never seen lettering like that before." On a whim, he slipped the ring on the ring finger of his left hand.

She stood there drawing air into her body for the first time in six thousand years. The man that was destined to be her master was sitting at a table struggling to get her ring off . He hadn't noticed her yet. Good, she needed a few minutes to adjust to her new surroundings, and hopefully, to get a sense of exactly what kind of a man he was.

His appearance was unremarkable, but she wasn't interested in that. It was the nature of his spirit, his heart, she was interested in. She sensed that although the fates had been cruel to him at times; His spirit was still strong, and his heart still kind. Perhaps being bound together by the ring wouldn't be so bad after all. Not that any of it really mattered. She may not have been trapped inside the ring anymore, but she was still trapped by it. She could still feel its hold on her spirit, and her mind. It was a grim reminder that, although she was still immortal, She wasn't a goddess anymore. She swallowed nervously, gathered her courage and spoke.

To Bob, everything seemed to happen at the same time. The ring glowed briefly and tightened itself around his finger. As he struggled to pull it off, a strange feminine voice said.
