 Bob scanned the Great Caliph's mind. "Like that's really gonna work."

He opened his eyes. "Aphrodite, it looks like I was only half right. Hera definitely didn't learn her lesson. But you're not her next target. I am. Hera asked the Djinn how to release someone bound to a ring, after it had been worn. The Great Caliph has no idea. He's sending one of his caliphs to to get the secret."

Aphrodite gave Bob a worried look. "You're not gonna tell him are you?"

"It won't be a he. It'll be a she. No, I'm not gonna tell her. Even if I did, it wouldn't make a difference. The Great Caliph could link minds with every Djinn in creation and still couldn't do it."

Aphrodite was shocked. "Wow! It takes that much power?"

"It's more than just power. It takes a special ability that neither the Djinn, nor the Olympians have."

"I don't understand. What kind of special ability?"

"I can't explain it. I don't understand it myself. It's just one of the things that are unique to me."

"Just how many unique abilities do you have?"

"I don't know. They just seem to pop up out of nowhere when I need them."

"Then how do you know they're unique?

"That's a good question. I don't know how I know, I just do. Like when Cassandra wanted privacy. I just blocked all of you from seeing or hearing anything we do. Or when I just watched Hera bribe the Great Caliph with her body. It's also how I know what the Great Caliph is planning"

"The Djinn can also read minds. That's not unique."

"The Djinn can read minds. But only if they're face to face, and have the subjects permission. I don't need any of that." "Okay, you're right. That's a totally different and unique ability. Where the hell are they all coming from?"

"I wish I knew."

Aphrodite looked at Cassandra. "Do you mind if I try to help him?"

"Of course not mom! If you can help him figure things out, please do. You have my blessing to do whatever you need to!"

Aphrodite asked, "Bob, can you link minds?"

"I don't know, probably. But I'm too tired for that right now. I'm gonna sack out for a while."

He left Cassandra and Aphrodite chatting in the hot tub. Bob fell asleep the instant his head hit the pillow. When he opened his eyes, it was late afternoon. Cassandra was laying on her side. Her head resting on his shoulder. One arm was across his chest, and a leg draped over his. Bob turned his head. Aphrodite was laying on her side with her head on his other shoulder. Her hand was wrapped around his morning wood, as she smiled in her sleep. 

He was surprised to realize he wasn't embarrassed by Aphrodite's presence in his bed. Or by her hand on his cock. There was no way he could move without disturbing the two beauties. He closed his eyes and fell back to sleep. 

When Bob opened his eyes again, Cassandra and Aphrodite were sitting at the foot of the bed with their backs to him. They were quietly talking. He couldn't tell who was who. They looked exactly alike from the back. 

Not that there was much of a difference from the front. They looked almost like identical twins. But Aphrodite's curves were softer, rounder, a bit more womanly.

"How are the two sexiest women in all creation today?"

They turned their heads as one, both smiling.

Aphrodite said, "hello sleepyhead! About time you woke up"

Cassandra chimed in, "hello master! Did you sleep well?"

"Yes Cassandra, I slept very well. I didn't even feel you two climb in bed. Aphrodite, this is the second time I've been awake. The first time, it looked like the two of you wanted to make sure no part of my body was going anywhere."

Cassandra said, "mom and I have always cuddled master. Does it bother you?"

"Hell no! I love waking up between the two hottest women ever created! That's something I could definitely get used to!"

Aphrodite smiled. "Don't get too used to it Bob. Remember, I'm only here for a few days."

Bob stood. "Yeah I know Aphrodite. It seems you're gonna take my toys away before I even get a chance to play with them. I'm gonna make some coffee. Anyone wanna join me?"

Cassandra giggled as Aphrodite said, "who knows, maybe we can talk Cassandra into sharing. Did you say coffee? I'd love some!"

As they sipped their coffee Bob said, "the Djinn will be here in a few minutes." He explained what he had in mind as they waited.

A few minutes later the Djinn knocked on his door. Bob had to give the Great Caliph credit. The Djinn was quite a beauty.

"Come in Kadir. I've been expecting you."

Kadir was shocked, but recovered quickly. "How is it you were expecting me?"

"A little birdie told me you were coming. What can I do for you?"

"You have a power unknown to the Djinn. The Great Caliph is prepared to reward you handsomely for your secret."

"What secret are you talking about Kadir. I have many powers unknown to the Djinn."

Kadir's eyes widened with surprise. "You do? Perhaps you'd be willing to share them? For a substantial reward of course." 

"What kind of reward are we talking about Kadir?"

"Whatever you desire. Riches, fame, a harem full of sex genies." She blushed as she said, "even myself, if that's what it takes."

"Cassandra, please come here. Bring our house guest along too."

When the two naked beauties entered the room, Kadir's chin nearly hit the floor. It took Kadir a minute to recognize Aphrodite. 

She looked at Cassandra. "You're that Cassandra? I remember hearing a story about you when I was just a fledgling." 

Kadir looked at Bob. "I'm sorry. I wasn't told. I realize there's nothing the Great Caliph could offer that you don't already have. Is there some other way to convince you to share your secrets?"

"I'm sorry Kadir. I can't tell you how I do these things. I will tell you this much. They're unique abilities that take special skills. They can't be learned, or copied."

"If these skills can't be learned or copied, where's the harm in telling me how you do these things?"

"Suppose I told you how I do the magic of the rings? What happens? Someone tries it, and another poor soul gets bound to a ring for eternity. If you don't think that's harmful, ask Cassandra. I'm sure she'd be happy to tell you about her experience!"

"Well at least I'm not going back totally empty handed. The Great Caliph won't be happy. But I have a fair shot at not getting bound to a ring."

After Kadir left, Cassandra asked, "is there any way you can protect her? She seems like a nice person. I'd hate to see her punished for something that's not her fault."

"I don't know sweetie. Are you willing to strap on your weapons, take on the Great Caliph, and the Olympians?"

"If I have too, absolutely!"

"That's my feisty little warrior. Let's hope it doesn't come to that. I really don't wanna battle on two fronts."

Bob sat on the sofa He closed his eyes and found Kadir. She had explained everything to the Great Caliph. He was pissed. He had plans for Hera. Now, he'd have to think of something else.

Bob entered Kadir's mind. "Tell him to get his payment first, then tell Hera everything you've just told him. After all, the deal was for information. That's exactly what he's giving her."

Kadir was shocked by Bob's presence in her mind. But repeated everything to the Great Caliph. 

The Great Caliph grinned. "Yes that's true. Thank you Kadir. Off with you now. I have many things to prepare before Hera's arrival next week!"

Bob heard Kadir ask, "Bob, are you still here?"

"Yes Kadir, I'm still with you."

"Thank you! You saved my ass! He was gonna stuff me in a ring and make me grant wishes for eternity!"

"I wouldn't let that happen Kadir. You did nothing wrong."

"You're a good man Bob. If there's ever any way I can help you, just ask and it's yours."

"That goes both ways Kadir. I'll be there if you need me as well."

"Thank you Bob."

Bob opened his eyes, told Cassandra, and Aphrodite everything that just happened. When he got to the part about Hera, they both burst out laughing. 

"Well it serves Hera right. She deserves it," he said with a smile. "We also made a new friend and ally in the process." 

Cassandra sat on one side of Bob while Aphrodite sat on the other. Aphrodite put a hand on Bob's shoulder. 

"There's a lot more to it than just that Bob. The Djinn live by a very strict code of honor and ethics. Kadir believes you saved her from an eternity of torment. She's indebted to you. She'll fight by your side for eternity now. She's the brightest and best of the Djinn caliphs. You may have to reign her in some. If she believes someone's plotting against you, she'll destroy them or die trying."

"How the hell am I supposed to reign her in? It's not like I can just order her not to do something."

"Of course you can. Her loyalty belongs exclusively to you now. You're almost like a master to her. She'll obey your every command instantly. Simply tell her she's not to attack anyone on your behalf without clearing it with you first." "Okay, I'll give it a try." He closed his eyes seeking Kadir's mind. "Kadir, we need to talk."

"I'm at your service my lord."

He noted the change in her tone. Aphrodite had been right.

"Kadir, I need a favor. If you perceive a threat to me, please don't attack. Just inform me. Let me decide how to handle it. Can you do that for me?"

"Yes my lord."

"Also, it's okay to communicate with me telepathically whenever you want to."

"Thank you my lord, that will make things so much easier,"

Bob stood and stretched. "I love admiring your naked bodies. But I think it's time we had a little fun. How would you two like to spend a couple of days at the beach? We can get a room and just relax."

Cassandra jumped up and down with excitement, her succulent tits bouncing enticingly. "Oh yes master! Can we? That sounds like so much fun!"

Aphrodite asked, "how would you explain the two of us?"

"Simple, you're twin sisters on vacation."

"Okay. Why not." She hugged Cassandra. "You're gonna love the ocean sweetie."

Cassandra asked. "What am I wearing this time master?"

"Something casual. A low cut tank top. 'Daisy Dukes' shorts. A pair of sandals. Some light make up, and let's leave your hair loose this time."

Aphrodite said, "I like your outfit Cassandra. We're supposed to be twins, I'll match it."

Bob got dressed and they left. It was almost midnight when they pulled into the hotel. He rented the penthouse for a week, told the night manager he wouldn't need housekeeping services, ands he wasn't to be disturbed.

Once in the room Bob said, "well Aphrodite, you got your room with a balcony and a view."

Aphrodite giggled. "I can't believe you actually remembered that."

He made a bottle of chilled red wine and three glasses appear on the table. 

"I never forget anything a beautiful woman says to me Aphrodite."

"I guess I'll have to watch what I tell you then. Huh?"

He poured the wine giving them each a glass. Then, made all their clothes disappear. "Ah much better!"

Cassandra giggled as Aphrodite said, "hey, that wasn't fair! You're supposed to at least kiss me, before you strip me!"

"I'm sorry I forgot. I missed admiring the two hottest bodies ever created." He gave Aphrodite a kiss on the cheek. "There ya go Aphrodite. Better late then never." 

Cassandra nearly choked on her wine as Aphrodite grabbed Bob's ear. 

"I didn't mean like that. I meant like this! Aphrodite pulled him in for a kiss. She locked lips with him, her tongue seeking his. One hand was holding his head. The other, grabbing his ass, pulling his groin to hers. She ground her pussy against him as their lips shifted to deepen the kiss. Their tongues entwined in a duel of passion. Finally she let him come up for air. When she broke the kiss, they both had to sit. Their breathing was ragged. Their hearts were racing. Their legs were trembling so bad they were unable to stand.

Cassandra laughed so hard she dropped her glass spilling her wine. "Good job mom! Maybe he'll think twice before teasing you like that again. I'm sorry master. But you did deserve it."

When Aphrodite finally caught her breath she said, "I'm not sure I won that battle Cassandra! I'm in as bad a shape as he is! I never expected him to kiss me back like that. I damn sure didn't expect him to be such a good kisser."

Bob shrugged his shoulders. " I'm just full of surprises Aphrodite." 

He made the wine stain disappear as he poured Cassandra a fresh glass. She sat next to him and the three of them chatted as they sipped their wine.

Cassandra noticed the growing attraction between Bob and Aphrodite. She was surprised to realize she wasn't bothered by it. She felt she should actually be encouraging it. She didn't understand why. Maybe she wanted to please her master. Or maybe she didn't want to lose her mother again. Maybe it was the ring. She didn't know, and she didn't care. 

Cassandra realized they both wanted each other. But that neither one would make the first move. She would have to be the one to make it happen. She had an idea she thought just might work.

Bob stood and yawned, "I'm gonna get some sleep."

Cassandra looked at Aphrodite. "Okay master. Mom and I are gonna finish our wine and talk for a bit. We'll be in soon. Okay?"

"Sure sweetie. You two go ahead and catch up a bit." 

As soon as he was gone, Cassandra turned to Aphrodite. "Mom, if I asked you to help me with something very personal, would you?"

"Of course baby! Just tell me what you need." "Well... um...I...gods this is so embarrassing!"

"Cassandra, I'm your mother for heaven sake! You can ask me anything!"

Cassandra knew Aphrodite was hooked. "That's what so embarrassing! I mean how does a girl ask her mom," Cassandra dropped her voice to a whisper, "to teach her how to give a great blow job?"

Aphrodite had to hide a smile. "Is that what this is all about? Honey, you have all the skills you need for that."

"Mom, you don't understand. Yes, I have the skills. That doesn't mean I know how to use them. It'll be my first time. I want it to be perfect. I... um... Oh gods! I'm so afraid of messing it up. Will you help me? Please mom? Promise me you'll teach me to do it right!"

"Okay baby. I promise. Do you have something to practice on?"

Cassandra giggled. "Yeah it's about nine inches long, attached to my master's body."

Aphrodite laughed. "The things a mother has to do! Well, I did promise. You're doing all the work. I'll just be there to guide you. Okay?"

Cassandra was halfway home. She knew there was no way Aphrodite could resist wrapping her luscious lips around Bob's enormous cock once the action started.

"Okay mom. I'll try. But if I mess up, will you show me how to do it right?"

"If I have to sweetie. I'm hoping it won't come to that." "Actually I'm hoping it will! I'm not gonna tell her that though."

Bob woke to Cassandra's warm wet lips wrapped around his cock. She was watching his face. As soon as his eyes opened she winked. Then thought to him, "master please, tell me to be careful. Say my teeth are hurting you."

He noticed Aphrodite sitting next to Cassandra. He had no idea what Cassandra was up to, but played along. "Ow baby! Be careful your teeth hurt!"

"I'm so sorry master! I'm disappointing you again. Mom, can you please show me what I'm doing wrong?"

Aphrodite sighed. "Oh I suppose so! Let me in there dear."

As soon as Aphrodite's lips touched Bob's cock Cassandra knew she had won the first round. "His cock tastes divine doesn't it mom?"

Aphrodite didn't answer. She was too busy giving Bob the best blow job of his life. She was devouring every inch of his massive cock, loving every minute of it.

Bob sent Cassandra. "You really are such a brat."

Cassandra sent back. "Shush, I know you're loving it."

"Damn right I am!" 

Cassandra tapped Aphrodite on the shoulder. "You should try riding that monster mom. It's wild!"

That got Aphrodite's attention! "You wouldn't mind?"

"I wouldn't mind at all mom! Come on! You know you want to!"

Aphrodite looked at Bob. He gave a slight nod. That was all it took.

Aphrodite squatted over him. "It's been a very long time since I've ridden one this big!"

She rubbed his plum colored head along her outer lips, coating it thoroughly with her slick juices. She placed his mushroomed head against the opening to her tight cunt. She slowly lowered herself until she had every inch of his huge cock inside her hot, juicy twat. 

Aphrodite sighed with pleasure. "Oh that feels heavenly. My hot, little pussy is so stuffed."

Cassandra tried squatting over his face. 

"Oh no you don't! I have other plans for you brat." The next thing Cassandra knew, she was facing down watching Aphrodite and Bob fuck. She felt an invisible cock ramming in and out of her tight twat. An invisible mouth rimmed her virgin asshole. Another sucked, licked, and nipped her swollen clit. Two more did the same to each of her big, beautiful tits, and diamond hard nipples. 

He said to Cassandra, "you don't cum until I tell you. Is that understood?"

Cassandra managed to gasp. "Ye, ye, yes, ma, ma, master."

Aphrodite placed her hands on his shoulders riding his enormous cock fast and hard, moaning and whimpering in pure delight.

Cassandra was thrashing around moaning in frustration. She was sitting on the edge of an orgasmic cliff she couldn't go over. 

He flipped Aphrodite on all fours, ramming her glorious cunt from behind. He yanked on her long red tresses, squeezing and caressing her firm globes, occasionally pinching or tugging a swollen nipple. 

Aphrodite wasn't used to being fucked so hard. She went wild, bucking her hips ramming her sexy ass back into him fast and hard. She squealed with surprise. "You're making me cum!"

A million stars exploded behind her eyes. Waves of euphoria washed over her body. Her eyes rolled back. Every muscle quivered and shook. Her arms and legs gave out. She collapsed face first on the bed.

He looked at Cassandra. "You can cum now princess."

Cassandra let out a long guttural wail as she went over the orgasmic cliff. Her arms and legs thrashed about wildly, her back arched, her hips bucked, her eyes rolled, and her breathing came in short strangled gasps.

Bob lowered Cassandra onto the bed next to Aphrodite waiting for the two of them to recover.

When Aphrodite caught her breath she rolled over looking at Bob in shock. "You made me cum! That's never happened before! A dozen priests couldn't do what you just did!"

Cassandra giggled. "I told you he was a wild ride mom!"

Aphrodite giggled too. "Yeah, well, you damn sure weren't lying about that Cassandra!" 

Aphrodite realized she wasn't leaking any cum from her pussy. "You didn't cum?" 

Bob shrugged. "You collapsed. I was too damn lazy to follow your sexy ass down. Besides, I get the feeling you still owe Cassandra some lessons."

Aphrodite grabbed his cock with a smile. "Well I did promise to teach her a few things."

She spent the next hour teaching Cassandra everything there was to know about cock sucking. 

When she was done, Cassandra pouted. "But mom, he still hasn't cum! That's not fair! I want to know what his cum tastes like!"

Aphrodite looked at Bob. "Can you please give this spoiled brat what she wants?"

Bob sighed. "Oh I guess so. Cassandra put my cock back in your mouth and swirl your tongue around the head a few times." He spurted several hot swirls of thick, sweet, cum in her mouth.

Cassandra swallowed it greedily. She licked her lips. " Wow that was scrumptious! Thank you master!"

Aphrodite pouted sweetly. "Hey that's not fair! I want some too!"

Bob pointed to his cock. "Go ahead. You might as well get your drink too." He shot several more spurts of creamy white goo into Aphrodite's willing mouth.
