 Author's note: This chapter was a bit difficult to write. It takes place over a couple of weeks. It's not intended to be realistic, and it contains a little something for everyone to hate. Enjoy! 

*

The dream began like it always had; with Bob sitting on a blanket in a large grassy clearing. Two identical white spotted fawns, the twins as Bob called them, walked up to him. Each licked a side of his face before laying on opposite sides of him.

He didn't know their names. He had asked many times. But they refused to tell him, saying it wasn't time yet.

The one on his right spoke first. "Hello young master. It's been a long time. You've done extremely well. We're very proud of you."

Bob wondered why she had called him "young master." They had never called him anything but Bob. He said nothing though; it wasn't his turn to speak yet.

The one on his left said, "we've missed you. We're sorry we couldn't visit sooner. But we weren't allowed to interfere. You had to make those decisions of your own free will. We heard what you asked of Aphrodite and Athena. That was a very wise decision. We want you to know, we'll be here for you as well. We promise we won't let you stray off the path you've chosen. You've..." she perked up her ears looking at the one on his right in shock. "She comes!"

The clearing became extremely bright. Bob had to shield his eyes. The light dimmed to a more tolerable level. He didn't understand why, but Bob stood snapping to attention. He stared straight ahead as a woman walked a slow circle around him as if appraising him. She stopped in front of him. He felt her probing his mind far deeper than anyone had ever done before.

When she finally spoke, her voice was like a soft melody carried on a gentle breeze. "This is the one? You've chosen well my daughters. But you've left quite a mess in his head. It makes things difficult for him. Not to worry, it'll only take me a few minutes to fix it."

Bob felt his magic being organized, connections being made, and with each new connection came a greater understanding. By the time she finished, Bob was able to understand and access all of his magic with ease.

"There, that's much better!" She looked over her work very carefully. "Tsk tsk my daughters. You gave him all this power. But you forgot to give him enough magical essence to sustain it. That won't do at all. He needs at least ten times the amount you gave him. I'll give him that much as a baseline. But I'm also gonna give him a way to store extra essence. I think a reserve of about ten times his baseline should do it. Don't you, my daughters?

I'm gonna let his reserve be filled by sexual pleasure. Every time he gives or receives sexual pleasure, he'll automatically convert that energy into magical essence. I can see by your smiles, you like that idea my daughters.

He's almost ready to meet me and learn his true purpose. But first, Cassandra's been very loyal to him. She loves him like no other. I think she deserves a reward as well. From now on, you may protect and guide her as well. Go to her and bring her to me."

Cassandra appeared a few seconds later. When she saw her master standing at attention staring vacantly, she stepped in front of him. "What have you done to my master? If he's harmed, I swear by the heavens, I'll find a way to destroy you!"

"Easy child! Bob was right, you're a feisty little warrior! I'm not here to harm him. I'm here to help. You're here because I wish to reward you for your dedication and loyalty to him."

"His love is all the reward I need or want!"

"I thought you'd say that my child. But I'm gonna reward you anyway. I can't undo what's been done to you. But I can make sure you're as immune to harm as your master. From now on, nothing in creation can harm you in any way. I've also made sure you're protected and guided, as he's been these many years. He'll be coming out of his trance any second. Right now, his mind is preparing itself to finally meet me. I know your love for him is eternal and unconditional. So I'm gonna give you the gift of being by his side as that happens and he learns his true purpose."

"You... You're the one that's been manipulating him?"

"No my child," she pointed to the fawns, "these two have been pulling his strings. They're my daughters. But I've known about it for some time. If you'll step to his side and allow me to finish what I've started, I think you'll be very happy with the results."

Cassandra swallowed nervously and stepped to Bob's side grabbing his hand.

Bob's eyes blinked a few times. He looked at the woman standing in front of him. "Who are you," he noticed Cassandra gripping his hand, "and what do you want with Cassandra?"

"Would you mind if we sat down? This is gonna take some explaining. I think it would go a lot easier if we were all relaxed."

"Sure. Why not?" He sat down pulling Cassandra on his lap wrapping his arms around her protectively.

The woman sat smiling. "My daughters are right, you do make a lovely couple. I've never needed a name before, so I don't know what to call myself. I suppose, the creator, or maybe the maker of all things... Gosh, that's such a mouthful isn't it? Maybe you can help me. Pick a name and we'll see if it fits."

Bob asked, "are you some kind of a god?"

"Heavens no! I have far more power than those puny things! Like you, I don't consider myself a god. I really don't know what I am. That doesn't help much though. Does it?"

"Not really," Bob chuckled. "But I think I understand. I don't really wanna run around calling you 'creator' or 'the maker of all things.' But I think you're my boss. So how about I just call you that for now?

She pursed her lips tilting her head from side to side. "Boss huh? I think I like that. It certainly fits. Okay, we'll go with that for now."

"So boss, why are we here? What do you want from me, and why is the love of my life sitting here in my lap?"

"Cassandra's here because I wanted to give her a few gifts which she can explain to you later. She's also here because she deserves to be by your side when you learn your true purpose.

She was created to bring peace and prosperity to creation. Hera screwed that all up because even I can't interfere with free will. My daughters were more then a little angry with Hera. But there's nothing they could to stop her.

They cooked up this little scheme to make things right. They swapped rings on Hera, then spent the last six thousand years searching for a suitable master for Cassandra. As soon as your spirit was created, they knew their search was over. They've been protecting and guiding you since the day you were born.

They made one, not so slight, miscalculation though. They had never created a ring before. When they made Cassandra's ring, they used the Djinn ring as a model, adding the binding element to insure Cassandra would only have one master. Originally you were only supposed to inherit Cassandra's powers. But they copied the Djinn ring a little too closely and you inherited everyone's powers but mine. Of course none of us knew this until you put the ring on and Cassandra appeared. By then it was too late to do anything.

I like seeing the good that's come out of this mess. So it's time you learned your true purpose. I want you to pick up where Cassandra left off. Bring peace and prosperity to creation. Start with the world you know best, Earth! That world has gotten so far out of hand I've been seriously considering wiping it out and starting from scratch. The only reason I haven't, is because I keep hoping the idiots will self destruct, saving me the trouble. I'll give you a reasonable amount of time and a free hand to do whatever you think is necessary. Your orders are simple captain, tame them. Or I WILL destroy them."

"What do you mean by tame them?"

"I guess that was a poor choice of words. Bring peace to Earth Bob. I don't care how you do it. I'm tired of all the wars. The killing never seems to stop. I'm tired of the wackos running around on their 'holy wars' killing innocent people. I'm tired of countries blackmailing each other with their foolish nukes. I'm tired of women and children being treated like property by a bunch of homophobic assholes Bob. It's gone on for centuries. Enough is enough. Be Creation's Guardian and put a stop to it for me."

"Okay boss. I'll give it a shot. But you're probably not gonna like some of the things I think I'll have to do. I don't know if I can pull it off. I'm pretty sure I'm gonna have to break their spirit. It's not gonna be a pretty sight. I may even need to call on you or the twins for some help."

"That's fine Bob. If you need our help just call and we'll be there. I realize not everybody on Earth deserves to die. That island you're living on isn't big enough to hold them all. I've created a planet exactly like Earth, for you and them to live on. It's identical right down to it's orbital positioning. Even the days, months, and years are the same. I know it feels like I'm asking you to choose who lives and who dies. But I'm hoping it doesn't come to that."

"You and me both boss. How am I supposed to get them there and how are they supposed to survive?"

"You have enough power to port several million people at a time if need be Bob. As far as survival goes, use your resources. The Djinn can whip together a good sized city in a few hours.

The planet is full of all the animal, plant, and water life native to Earth. As well as all the natural resources like coal, oil and natural gas. There's also more than enough copper, tin, silver, gold and other ores. So I don't see survival as a problem."

"How far is it from Earth boss?"

"About one hundred thousand of your light years."

"Wow! I guess you really wanted to make sure we didn't get bothered. I almost forgot, how much time are you gonna give me?"

"I'll give you a hundred years. But don't let them know that. Make them think that time is very short. I also think it would be easier if they thought you'd drop the hammer on them in an instant yourself."

"I like those ideas boss. I'm also thinking of turning that phrase 'Creation's Guardian' into my title. It's a little scarier than just plain old Bob!"

"Good idea. I have to go. It's almost time for your wake up call. Good luck my child!"

Cassandra disappeared and a few seconds later so did the dream.

When Bob opened his eyes, Kadir was giving him his wake up call with her silky wet lips and velvety tongue. He noticed Cassandra sitting next to Kadir with her head bowed, deep in thought.

Kadir saw Bob's eyes open. She took his huge cock out of her mouth long enough to say, "good morning master. Did you sleep well?" Then went back to enjoying her breakfast.

"I slept baby girl. That's about it."

Cassandra's head snapped up. "Good morning master. I had the strangest dream last night."

"I'm not sure it was a dream sweetie. But we'll talk about it over coffee."

"Okay master."

Bob shot his load in Kadir's warm willing mouth. Kadir, sensing something was up, turned to Cassandra, giving her a long cum swapping kiss.

"There ya go big sister! Now we can go have our coffee and talk about your strange dream."

Cassandra giggled. "Well I guess that's one way to get my morning treat! Thank you little sister."

They went to the kitchen. As Cassandra was pouring Bob his morning coffee, Aphrodite and Athena popped in at exactly the same time nearly knocking each other over.

They both giggled and said, "sorry," in unison. Then giggled again.

Aphrodite Said, "good morning Bob. Hello Cassandra. Hello Kadir."

Cassandra said, "good morning mom. Good morning Athena."

Kadir followed suit.

Bob said, "good morning sweet cheeks. Good morning Athena, you sexy thing. I thought you were gonna be tied up today."

Athena said, "well I was supposed to be. But something tells me I'm needed here right now."

Bob looked at Cassandra. "I hadn't thought about it, but Athena's right. She is needed here right now. I also think we should add a few others. That way we don't have to keep repeating things. Let's move this to the dinning room."

Cassandra nodded in understanding. "Okay master."

"Zeus?"

"Yeah Bob."

"Come down here. Bring Hera and Apollo with you. Something's up and we need to talk."

"Okay. Be there in a few minutes."

"Asimah?"

"Yes my lord?"

"Come down here. Bring your two loyal council members and the commander of your combat caliphs with you."

"On our way my lord."

A few minutes later they were all gathered in the dinning room sipping coffee. Bob looked at Cassandra. "Go ahead sweetie, tell your story."

Cassandra spent the next hour telling them about what she still thought of as a dream. When Cassandra finished, Aphrodite said, "wow! That was some dream Cassandra. But what does it have to do with us? Why are we all here? What am I missing?"

Bob said, "You're missing the fact that it wasn't a dream sweet cheeks. Cassandra sees it as a dream because that's how she experienced it. I was there too. At first I thought the same thing. Two things convinced me otherwise. Cassandra's being there, and a quick look inside my head. I have complete control over every bit of my magic now."

Bob waved his hand. A three dimensional holograph of a planet appeared over the table.

"What do you see sweet cheeks?"

Aphrodite shrugged. "it's just Earth. I don't get it."

"Look closer sweet cheeks. The rest of you take a really close look as well."

Athena was the first one to get it. She gasped then said, "that's not Earth! There isn't a sign of intelligent life anywhere. It's an exact copy of Earth but it's a pristine planet!"

Aphrodite let out a soft whistle. "Holy shit! Athena's right! It wasn't a dream. What do you need from us Bob? How can we help?"

Bob looked around the table. "Does everybody agree with Athena and Aphrodite's assessment?"

They all nodded yes. Then Bob continued, " the first thing I need, is to know that I can depend on all of you for help if and when I need it. To begin with, I'd like to put together a council of advisers. It's strictly voluntary so don't feel as if you have to join. But each of you bring unique skills and perspectives to this table. I have a feeling there are some really dark days ahead. I'm gonna need all the help and advice I can get."

Zeus asked, "why a council? Why not simply say, go here, do this, go there, do that?"

Bob looked at Asimah with a smile. "Because, as a very beautiful woman said to me yesterday, power corrupts quickly and easily. A council helps prevent that."

Asimah blushed. Then smiled and said, "I for one, would be honored to serve you in any way I can my lord."

Aphrodite noticed the title 'my lord' in Asimah's statement and smiled. "You already know you can depend on me Bob."

Athena said, "same here Bob.

One by one, they all agreed a council was a good idea, and they would be honored to join it.

Bob asked Asimah's friend, a Djinn named Selena, and Hera if they would co-chair the council. Both were surprised and honored by his request and agreed immediately.

Bob said to Hera and Selena, "for now, plan on meeting here twice a week. You can set your own schedule and either co-chair each meeting or take turns. I'll leave that to you two to decide. If you feel the need to meet more often, then by all means do so."

He looked around the table again. "You all know the challenges I face right now. I need contingency plans for every scenario you can think of."

Bob turned to Asimah, "are your combat caliphs capable of shooting down a missile in flight?"

"If they can see it, they can destroy it my lord."

Bob created a holograph showing the location of every nuclear missile on earth, their probable launch sites, and probable targets.

"Could you field enough combat caliphs to handle this mess on short notice if it comes down to it?"

Asimah said , "commander?"

Ali Studied the holograph carefully. "It's doable. I'd have to prep them in advance. Assign them a specific launch site and it would take about ten seconds to get them all in position."

Ali felt a slight tingle in his head as Bob said, "I've given you the ability to bring this holograph up at will. It'll be easier than relying on just memory. Does anyone have any suggestions as to how to lock down their systems to prevent a second launch?"

Ali said, "thanks for the holograph it'll help a lot. I suggest you let Kadir lock their systems for you. Simply wish it and she can make it happen."

Bob chuckled. "I don't know why I didn't think of that. This is exactly why I need a council. Thank you Ali."

He brought up the holograph of the new planet. "Cassandra, Kadir, ladies choice. Where would you two like to live?"

They whispered back and forth for a few minutes. Then Cassandra said, "master. We kinda like living here on this island. Can we do the same thing there?"

"I don't see why not." He looked at Kadir. "Baby girl, I wish there was a castle exactly like this one on that same island. Can you do it from here?"

Kadir's eyes sparkled as she said, "it's already done master. I hope you don't mind. I made the whole island exactly like this one, right down to the weather shield. Even all the communication systems are tied in. She looked at Athena with a smile. Even cell phones will work there now."

Bob chuckled. "Baby girl. I don't know how you did it. But thank you!"

"You're welcome master. I simply extended your wish to the rest of the island. Would it be okay to remind you of something you're forgetting master?"

"Of course baby girl! From now on you and Cassandra are both free to speak your minds. I can't completely stop the rings from punishing you. But I can change that much."

"Wow! Thank you master. You, Cassandra, and I all know the location of the new planet because we've bonded. None of the others do. They can't port there yet. We're gonna have to take them there the first time."

"You're right baby girl. I hadn't realized that." Bob waved his hand then said, "all fixed."

Kadir looked at him in confusion, then laughed. "You moved us! We're on the new planet aren't we?"

"Yup!"

Aphrodite said, "will you give this planet a damn name please?"

"Well I could do that, but I'd rather you and the rest of the council choose one."

Over the next hour, several different names were discussed. None of them really seemed to fit.

Finally, in a very soft voice Cassandra said, "it's more than just a new planet. It's a new home. A new life. A chance for a new beginning for the people of Earth. It's all about starting over. Everything about it is new. Why not simply call it Neuveia?"

There was stunned silence in the room as everybody pondered the suggestion. Each council member whispered the name several times. Then a vote was taken. It was unanimous. It was no longer 'the new planet' it was 'Neuveia!'

Bob looked around the table. "Congratulations! You've made your first decision as a council! Thank you!"

Aphrodite hugged Cassandra. "Good job sweetie!"

Bob pulled Cassandra into his lap kissing her softly laying her head on his shoulder. "I'm very proud of you my love. You're right, it's all about new beginnings. Do we stay here, or would you like to go home?"

Cassandra looked up and smiled. "I'm already home master. Can we go down to the beach? I'd like to see what Neuveia looks like."

"Of course we can sweetie." He looked at Hera and Selena. "Do you wanna adjourn the meeting and come with us? Or would you prefer to continue your discussions?"

Hera and Selena looked at each other then in unison said, "meeting adjourned!"

When they got to the beach, they were delighted to see several dolphins playing in the water a few yards offshore.
