 Bob and Asimah returned to his castle. As soon as they joined Cassandra, Kadir, Aphrodite, Athena Hera, and Stacy in the hot tub, he released Asimah's mind and body as he became visible once again.

Asimah looked at Bob and burst out laughing. "Oh my gods! That was amazing! They really thought it was me! Thank you My Lord! It'll be a very long time before they even think about messing with me like that again!"

She held up her left wrist. "Oh, and thank you for the charm bracelet. I love it. Not only is it beautiful, it'll serve as a constant reminder to my enemies not to mess with me. I do have a question though. Why did you disband the council and declare martial law?"

Bob grinned. "I'm glad you like your bracelet sweetie. But I didn't do anything. You did it all. I wasn't even there remember?"

Asimah put her hinds on her hips grinning. "That's not fair! You had control of my mind and body! Okay then, why did I disband the council and declare martial law?"

"You have some more changes you wanna make. Don't you?"

"Yeah I do. But I thought you wanted me to have a council make the changes so that the power wouldn't go to my head."

"You're right, I did, and at the time, you needed a council to help keep you in line. But you've learned a lot since then. Besides, that wasn't a council. It was a damn road block. Do you know that Tamerov and his six cohorts were planning to assassinate you? Then they were gonna force a vote to elect Tamerov Great Caliph. That's the real reason the seven of them are trapped in those pretty little charms hanging from your bracelet.

Don't get me wrong, I still think a council is a good idea. But right now, they're in awe of you. So take advantage of it and push through some of your changes while you can. Do the ones that you know would be the hardest to get first. Then go from there. By the way, I gave you a plasma proof defensive shield so you won't have to worry about anyone trying to assassinate you again."

"I didn't realize they were planning to assassinate me. But it doesn't surprise me. It wouldn't be the first time something like that's happened. Thank you for the plasma proof shield. I guess you wanna make sure I'm around for a while. Huh My Lord?"

Bob chuckled. "Well duh! Of course I want to make sure you're safe sweetie." He turned to the others explaining what happened in the Djinn citadel and on the training grounds. By the time he finished speaking, everyone was laughing so hard they had tears in their eyes.

As the laughter finally died down Cassandra said, "forgive us master. We all realize an attempted assassination is no laughing matter. But your description of the looks on their faces when they realized that killing Asimah wasn't possible was so vivid we could actually picture it. We can almost hear their 'what the fucks' and then their 'oh shit, we're screwed,' when they realized they had bitten off more than they could chew."

Cassandra's comments triggered another round of laughter from everyone including Asimah and Bob. He sat down in the hot tub with Kadir on his right and Stacy on his left. Cassandra took her usual place sitting between his legs, her back resting against his chest as she wrapped his arms around her.

Cassandra looked at Asimah. "You're right, it is a beautiful bracelet. The charms are really pretty. I love the way they tinkle when you move your wrist. You deserve a reward like that after putting up with all the bullshit you've been given over the past few weeks. I'm glad that master finally decided to put a stop to it for you." 

She gave Asimah a grim smile. "I can tell you from personal experience, being trapped in those charms for eternity is a fate worse than death. Frankly, I don't think they deserved anything less. Had they succeeded in their plot, they wouldn't have lived long enough to brag about it because I'd have gone head hunting. Not one of them would have escaped my wrath."

Before Asimah could answer Life appeared. She looked at Bob and said, "mother wants to see you right away. She says it's important. She also says to bring Cassandra and Kadir with you."

Bob took Cassandra and Kadir by the hand as they stood. He gave Life a kiss on the cheek. "Okay sis, let's get whatever it it is over with so I can relax and enjoy the rest of my night."

The Boss and Destiny were already sitting on the blanket waiting for them. Bob gave Destiny a kiss on the cheek as he sat. "Hi sis."

Destiny smiled. "Hi little brother."

He looked at the Boss. "Okay Boss, we're all here. What can we do for you?"

"Patience Captain. We'll get to that in a minute. First things first." She looked at Kadir. "Hello my child. I've wanted to meet you for quite some time. You and your twin sister Asimah are the only Djinn ever created directly by me.

Unlike the other Djinn who were created by random chance from elements within the elemental chaos, the two of you were created from the same essence of life as Cassandra and the other Olympians. 

The two of you were created specifically to serve Cassandra's master. That's why you willingly became bound to him. It's also why your bonding with him was a forgone conclusion when you gave him your virginity."

The Boss looked over at Bob. "Do you understand what I'm saying Captain?"

"I'm not sure boss. It sounds like you're telling me if I want Asimah's virginity, I have to bind her to a ring like I did Kadir."

"That's not what I'm saying at all Captain. When you changed Djinn law, you eliminated the need for a ring. But only for yourself, and Asimah. When you take Asimah's virginity, not only will she become bound to you, she will automatically bond with you as well. This is what Destiny couldn't tell you that day on the beach when she asked you to father an Olympian child. However, the danger to the timeline passed the instant Asimah surrendered control of her mind and body to you earlier. 

Had Asimah declined your request, you would have still discovered the traitors and protected her. But Djinn law wouldn't have been changed. She would have simply continued to serve you as she has in the past."

"Okay I get that part. But what happens if I don't take Asimah's virginity? If I do take it,what am I supposed to do about a ruler for the Djinn? I have a lot invested in her leadership right now."

"First of all, you will take her virginity Captain. That's a foregone conclusion. Oh you can put it off for a week or so. But just like with Kadir, you and Asimah will find the attraction too strong to resist for very long. As far as Asimah's leadership goes, I suggest you simply declare the Citadel a monarchy and crown Asimah queen of the Djinn. You won't meet with any resistance and it simplifies things in the long run.

"I've also decided to reward you with an additional power. From now on, you'll be able to give anyone you choose the same defensive shield you, Cassandra, and Kadir have. I suggest you use this power sparingly though Captain. Too much of anything isn't necessarily a good thing. I've already enhanced the shields of all your unborn children. One last thing Captain, you're stable is gonna grow a lot bigger over time. We'll insure there's never any jealousy or discord issues between any females you choose."

"Okay Boss. Seems like I don't have any choice in the matter. I'll explain it to Asimah. Why do I always have to find out these things at the last minute though?"

"Telling you things too soon can disrupt the timeline for one, and it would take away all the fun I have watching how you adjust to new situations," she laughed.

Bob chuckled. "Well at least somebody's having fun these days."

"Oh come on now Captain, admit it. You're having the time of your life. You're fighting for what you believe is right and screwing every female you can. What more could you ask for?"

"Okay Boss, I admit it. If there's nothing else, I have to get back. I have a cherry to pop tonight and only you know how many more tomorrow."

"Oh I know exactly how many you're gonna pop tomorrow. But I'm not gonna tell you. You'll have to find that out for yourself Captain. 

Kadir my child. It was a pleasure to meet you. Make sure your master brings your twin next time you visit me. I'd love to meet her too."

Once the trio sat back down in the hot tub, Bob explained everything to Asimah.

Asimah said, "my heart already belongs to you My Lord, so being bound to you changes nothing. However, I love the idea of bonding with you. For a Djinn, there's no greater reward than to bond with her master. I know you're not my master yet. But you will be, and that thought fills my heart with joy. I'm not sure how a monarchy works, but if you want me to be queen of the Djinn, so be it. I'll find a way to make it all work for you My Lord."

"I know you will sweetie. I guess the only question remaining is, do we crown you queen of the Djinn before or after we bond?"

Asimah blushed as she replied, "oh definitely after. Please My Lord, take my virginity now. I don't think I can wait much longer to bond with you."

Cassandra grinned as she moved from between Bob's legs sitting back down next to Kadir. She looked at Bob and said, "well are you gonna help the lady out or not master?"

Bob chuckled as he stood. He scooped Asimah up in his arms carrying her to the bedroom as she squealed with surprise and delight. He set her down in the middle of the bed laying next to her as she looked at him with a mixture of fear and desire.

Asimah was trembling all over. She chewed on her bottom lip nervously then whispered, "please, be gentle with me. I've never been with a man before. I'm a little scared right now." 

"Don't worry, just relax and let things happen. I'm in no hurry, we have plenty of time." 

Bob leaned in giving Asimah a gentle kiss. It was just a soft brushing of the lips. But you could almost hear the electricity crackle when their lips touched for the first time, causing Asimah to moan softly.

Bob whispered, "why don't you roll over on your belly. I'll help you relax a bit first."

When Asimah rolled over, Bob gave her a long, slow, sensuous massage from her neck down to her ankles. She moaned softly. "Hmm, that feels sooo good. Thank you My Lord."

Bob spent a little more time gently massaging the firm flesh of Asimah's magnificent ass and lightly caressing the supple flesh of her upper thighs. The large wet spot on the sheets told Bob that Asimah was getting very aroused.

She moaned louder. "Oh gods My Lord, your hands feel sooo divine. I can't take anymore. I need to feel you inside me now. Please fuck me, My Lord, I can't wait any longer," she begged.

Bob rolled on his back with a soft smile. "It'll be easier on you if you ride me for the first time sweetie."

Asimah giggled. "I don't think the first time is gonna be easy no matter how we do it." She squatted over Bob's enormous cock rubbing the huge plum colored head along her outer lips coating it thoroughly with her lavish juices. "Gods your huge! I know it'll all fit but it still scares the hell out of me!"

Asimah placed the mushroomed tip of Bob's huge cock against the opening to her tight virgin cunt. She worked her sexy ass back and forth and from side to side trying to expand her tight cunt to accommodate Bob's generous girth as she slowly lowered herself.

When Asimah felt the huge head of Bob's enormous cock pressing against her hymen, she stopped. She raised herself up an inch or so working her delectable ass all around for several long minutes making sure every inch of Bob's huge shaft was thoroughly coated with her lavish juices as they leaked out of her tight virgin cunt.

She gave Bob a wry smile. "Before I do this My Lord, I wanna tell you I love you with every fiber of my being. I have since the day we first met. Even without this, I would still love you, still obey you, still follow you through the gates of hell itself just to be by your side. All this is gonna do is allow me to love you more. Although, I don't think that's possible.

"There's one thing I'd like to ask of you. I'm asking now because I want you to be sure it's my true desire and not some byproduct of our being bound together or our bonding. Could you please impregnate me? I'd love to have a daughter."

Before Bob could answer, Asimah closed her eyes taking a deep breath, holding it as she slammed herself down, driving Bob's enormous cock through her hymen, impaling herself completely.

Asimah's breath came out with a whoosh as the pain of her hymen being ripped to shreds registered in her mind. The tears of pain stinging her eyes quickly became tears of joy as she realized that she and Bob had indeed bonded.

She heard Cassandra's giggle in her head as Cassandra said, "welcome to the family little sister!"

She heard Kadir's little giggle in her head next as Kadir said, "welcome home my twin!"

Stacy sent, "I welcome you with all my heart, my new sister!"

Asimah replied to all of them at the same time. "Thank you, I love all of you very much."

Asimah leaned forward putting her hands on Bob's shoulders looking into his eyes. She stuck out her lower lip in a little girl pout. "That fucking hurt master!"

Bob chuckled. "I know it did sweetie. Remember we bonded? I felt it too."

"I could never forget we've bonded master! Oh my gods! I just realized, I can actually call you master now! Gods! I love calling you master...master!" 

She raised her hands over her head wiggling her sexy ass and rolling her hips doing a little dance of joy. She winced from the pain as she realized she was still impaled on Bob's enormous cock. 

She giggled softly. "Gods I'm so happy right now, I forgot it still hurts a little. Guess I'd better finish what I started. Huh master?"

"Well I don't think you're gonna get pregnant any other way sweetie. Lean forward with your hands on my chest. Now arch your back and tilt your pelvis a little." Bob grabbed her hips guiding her into position. "Go ahead and ride me now sweetie."

Asimah moaned as she realized not only was her clit rubbing against Bob's pubic bone, his massive shaft was hitting directly on her hypersensitive G spot every time she moved. "Gods master! That feels sooo good," she moaned.

"Oh you like that huh? I thought you might."

"Gods yeah! I love it! I can't believe how good you feel inside me. Your cock's hitting all the right spots. It feels heavenly." Asimah could feel the pleasure building inside of her. The head of Bob's cock was stimulating her 'G' spot, as she rocked her hips back and forth rubbing her swollen clit against him. Every movement sent a wave of excitement and pleasure through her. She could feel the orgasm beginning to build inside her. "Oh gods, I'm almost there master! I'm gonna cum all over your big beautiful cock! I'm not gonna last much longer!"

Bob grabbed Asimah's hips, holding her up as he rammed his enormous cock in and out of her hot, satiny slick cunt fast and hard.

Asimah screamed. "Oh my gods! Oh shit! master, fuck me harder! Shit, you're going to make me cum hard! Oh fuck me..."

Quake upon quake of orgasmic pleasure rocked her whole body. Her pussy clenched tighter, her abdomen convulsed. Her entire body shook as the powerful orgasm hammered through her like a jackhammer.

Bob grabbed Asimah's hips slamming her down hard, ramming his huge cock balls deep, blasting the walls of her clenching cunt with spurt after spurt of creamy white goo, impregnating her with the daughter she'd asked for. 

He gave Asimah magical mouths sucking, licking, kissing, and nipping her gorgeous globes. Another one was doing the same to her swollen clit and spasming cunt as he used his magic to flip Asimah on all fours about a foot off the floor at the end of the bed.

Bob grabbed Asimah's scrumptious ass cheeks prying them apart as he rammed almost half of his enormous cock in her tight virgin asshole with a single thrust.

The unexpected penetration of her virgin asshole caught Asimah by surprise intensifying her orgasm sending her completely over the cliff into orgasmic bliss. 

By the time her orgasm subsided Bob was ramming his monstrous cock balls deep in and out of her no longer virgin asshole. As her orgasm subsided and she realized what was happening, Asimah looked back over her shoulder exclaiming, "yes master, yes! Claim my asshole with your beautiful cock! I belong to you completely now, heart, mind, body, and spirit! Fuck my asshole harder master! I love it! You're in my asshole so deep, I can feel your wonderful cock all the way up in my belly!"

Bob gave Asimah a magical cock ramming in and out of her soaked tight cunt. He grinned as Asimah yelped in surprise. She moaned loudly then wailed like a banshee in heat as the magical cock stimulated her highly sensitive G spot. 

"Oh my gods! Oh my gods! Please don't stop master! I'm gonna cum again! I'm almost there! Oh gods! there...fuck meee!"

Asimah's orgasm hit her like a nuclear bomb. Stars exploded behind her eyes. Every muscle in her body convulsed. She gasped for air, then went limp, passing out as Bob shot spurt after spurt of hot, gooey cum deep in her clenching asshole.

Bob moved them to the bed with Asimah stretched out on top of him. He gently massaged the firm flesh of her delectable ass while waiting for her to regain consciousness and her orgasm to subside. It took almost two full minutes for her muscles to stop convulsing and her breathing to return to normal.

When her head finally cleared, Asimah nuzzled Bob's neck, the tip of her hot tongue grazing sensuously over the taunt flesh. She lifted her head kissing him passionately, their tongues entwined in a duel of lust older than time itself.

When she finally broke the kiss to come up for air, Asimah giggled. "Thank you master. That was...I can't find the right word...wonderful seems so inadequate. I never dreamed such pleasure existed!"

"We're not quite done yet M'lady. You've still got one virgin hole left. Get down there and clean my cock with your tongue. Then you can show me if you're as good a cocksucker as your twin."

Asimah's big brown eyes sparkled with happiness as she replied with enthusiasm, "thank you master. That sounds sooo yummy!"

Asimah spent the next twenty minutes cleaning every inch of Bob's enormous cock and balls using tiny, little licks with just the tip of her tongue. Her beautiful brown eyes sparkled with mischief s she thoroughly enjoyed teasing her master for the first time.

When Asimah was satisfied Bob's enormous cock and huge balls were finally clean enough, she stopped her teasing, moving up to the plumb colored head.

Bob's hips jerked as Asimah's hot, wet tongue swirled around the huge, mushroomed head of his enormous cock, making him gasp.

He moaned loudly, "Turn around, I wanna taste you too baby." Asimah swung around, her long, shapely legs on each side of his head. Her gorgeous ass and soaked, satiny lips were less than an inch from his ravenous mouth.

Bob licked Asimah from the top of her sexy ass crack down to her swollen clit, using long, sensuous strokes with the flat of his tongue. 

He dragged his tongue along her outer lips, Pressing in lightly as he went, making her moan and gasp around his cock every time his tongue swept over her throbbing clit.

Asimah swirled her tongue around the huge head of his massive cock. Then, opening her mouth wide, slowly slid her hot, wet lips over his enormous shaft. She bobbed her head, slowly taking his shaft deeper. When the huge head hit the back of her throat, she gagged. She backed off, took a deep breath and tried again. This time the mushroomed head slid into her throat, swallowing quickly, inch by inch, the rest of his cock followed. When Her silky lips brushed against his pubes, she pumped her tiny fist in the air, and backed off to breathe. Her silky, wet lips were gliding up and down the whole length of his huge shaft. Her tongue was everywhere, swirling over the head, swishing along the enormous shaft and sweeping across his big hairy balls. 
