 Bob woke early the next morning to the glorious feeling of Aphrodite's warm wet lips gliding up and down the whole length of his monstrous cock. 

Cassandra grinned. "Good morning master. I know mom's more family than guest, but with six of us here we decided the only fair thing to do was to treat her as a guest and let her be the one to wake you." 

"That's fine sweetie. Aphrodite doesn't actually live here YET, so technically she's still a guest. I guess I'm gonna have to make some adjustments to my morning orders again. Huh? From now on, unless we have a guest, you'll all take turns waking me up. Start with the last woman chosen and work backwards from there. If any additional women are chosen, they'll be first in line then you can pick up where you left off." 

There was a chorus of "good morning and thank you master," from all five women. 

It wasn't long before the heavenly feeling of Aphrodite's satiny wet lips and velvety smooth tongue pushed Bob over the edge. Bob filled Aphrodite's enthusiastic, warm, wet mouth with spurt after spurt of creamy white goo which she greedily swallowed. 

Bob looked around at the other five women. "Okay my beauties, start with Selena and work backwards so that each of you get your morning treat." 

Thanks to his magically enhanced stamina, Bob was able to give all five women as big a load of hot sticky cum to swallow as he had given Aphrodite. 

After Cassandra swallowed the last load of hot gooey cum Bob said, "okay, you've all had your morning treat. We've got about an hour before the battle crew gets here. I want some coffee." He looked at Selena. "Babe, I wish for three dozen mixed fresh doughnuts sitting on the dinning room table. Make sure that at least six of them are apple filled with a cinnamon sugar coat." 

"Your wish is my command master! They're already on the table," she grinned. 

As they sat sipping coffee and eating doughnuts Bob said, "Kadir, Asimah, and Selena I wish to make a permanent wish. I wish that from now on each of you will treat any command I give you as if it were a wish unless I specify otherwise. You will only use wish magic to comply with any command I give you unless I specifically tell you not to. This wish is to last for all eternity unless I cancel it with a direct order. Oh and Kadir, it also supersedes any previous wishes I may have made." 

Kadir, Asimah, and Selena all grinned. Kadir said, "master, that has got to be the best wish any of us have ever heard! My sisters and I joyfully say WISH GRANTED MASTER!" she exclaimed. 

Selena giggled. "Master, granting wishes is one thing that gives a Djinn great pleasure. In your case it gives us so much pleasure that our poor little pussies are soaking wet." 

Bob's entire battle crew popped in almost simultaneously including the four female caliphs Bob was supposed to fuck yesterday. 

After exchanging greetings and offering everyone coffee and doughnuts, Bob looked at Kadir. "Baby Girl, you're up first. I need you to work with Athena. I want every square inch of Neuveia covered by a satellite communications net. 

It has to have enough bandwidth to cover several billion internet users as well as cell phones and television broadcasts from both Neuveia and Earth. It also has to have a latency of no more than fifty milliseconds when in full use. I want it to have full GPS capability and I want to be able to see any part of Neuveia simply by switching the monitors in the war room." 

Kadir said, "come on Athena let's go put our heads together and get it done." 

"Okay Kadir but this is gonna take a bit of work on your part." 

Bob turned to Selena. "All right babe, your up next. I'm not sure exactly how to phrase this wish so you can tap into my mind if you don't understand. 

"I want every square inch of Neuveia covered by an electrical power grid. I want you to create orbital power stations that can beam electrical power down to satellite type dishes that can be mounted anywhere. Make sure they never need maintenance and they never need to be refueled. It's imperative that the electrical beams don't harm Neuveia, it's environment, or any life forms. You'll also have to create special breaker boxes that can receive the electrical signal and turn it in to useful electricity. For now, the breaker boxes must be able to handle two hundred amps at two hundred twenty volts. Oh and make sure they can be recreated using materials available here on Neuveia. Later on I'll have you create some bigger industrial breaker boxes. Create all the power stations now but only create one breaker box and one dish to test the design." 

Selena smiled as a breaker box and a satellite type dish appeared on the dinning room table. "Will this do master?" 

"That's perfect! Thanks Babe. Asimah, my sexy little minx. Your turn to have a little fun. Again, what I want doesn't exist so if you need to tap into my mind to see what I want go ahead and do so. I want you to create a one ton electric powered pickup truck. Give it a four door six passenger cab and an eight foot long by six foot wide bed with six foot high sides. Make it four wheel drive and give it a small self tracking satellite type dish that will allow it to tap in to the power stations that Selena created. Again, make sure it can be recreated using local materials Create one on the road just outside the front door that leads down to the beach to test the design." 

Asimah' replied "it's all set master." 

Bob took Asimah's hand leading her outside to see the truck she created. "Great job my sexy little minx. It perfect! Now give it a full GPS capability that will tie into Athena's communications net." 

"The GPS is up and running master. Would you like to test it?" 

"No, that's okay, we'll test it later. 

Bob led Asimah back inside to the war room where everybody was already at their stations. Selena had assigned the four female Caliphs monitoring stations that were potential 'hot spots' telling them to keep their eyes open for any problems. 

Athena looked up from her console. "Everything's all set your majesty. It's all been tested and seems to be working perfectly. I even had Aphrodite port to different areas on each continent with a laptop and a cell phone just to make sure it all works like you intended." 

"Great job you sexy thing!" Bob turned to Kadir. "Thank you Baby Girl! You did a great job too!" 

You're welcome Your Majesty." 

"Okay Baby Girl now I need an assessment as to how long it will take the human race to completely consume all of Earth's natural resources." 

Kadir looked at Cassandra and giggled. "You nailed it Sis. That's an easy one Your Majesty. At the present rate they're consuming resources, about three hundred fifty years. If you factor in increased usage do to population increases they'll be out of natural resources in about two hundred years." 

Bob looked at Cassandra. "how DO you do that woman?" he chuckled. 

Cassandra's eyes sparkled with mischief. "I have many duties as your wife and queen my love. One of those duties happens to be anticipating your needs and acting accordingly. I heard what you asked of Kadir, Selena, and Asimah. My guess is that you're thinking of bringing a significant number of humans here. You'd have to do that eventually anyway. Checking resource usage to see how much time you actually had is the next logical step." 

Cassandra became serious. "Everyone here realizes how greedy humans can be. They're consuming their natural resources at an alarming rate. Their greed has caused the complete extinction of dozens of species and the near extinction of countless others. It's only a matter of time before there's nothing left for them to consume and they themselves become extinct." 

Bob nodded. "I agree with everything you've said sweetie. If we don't intervene, the human race is gonna consume themselves to extinction in a couple of hundred years. If that happens then everything we've done will be wasted. Luckily there's still time and we do have a few options. Bringing a significant number of humans here is only one option. But I want to be prepared if that becomes necessary. 

"I could work with the boss and the twins to restore Earth's natural resources and they could probably restore all of the endangered species as well. But I don't see that as a stand alone option. All it would do is buy us some more time. I could terraform Earth's moon along with Mars. Of course I'd have to move both of Mars moons to stable orbits some two hundred forty thousand miles out. But that's not much of a problem. The problem is I'd have to give Earth back it's rocket technology. I'm not sure I want to do that just yet. Another option is to bring some of them here. But that poses it's own unique set of problems. We'd have to take steps to protect Neuveia's environment. We'd also have to create some kind of an economy so people could buy and sell their goods. I refuse to hand them everything on a silver platter. If they come here they're gonna have to work and earn what they want. Granted, we'd have to make sure they had enough tools, equipment, and other supplies to give them a fair chance to survive. But after that, they'd have to earn their own way." 

Bob paused for a few minutes sipping his coffee while he gathered his thoughts then looked around at each of his council members. "I asked some of you to form a council because you've been around a hell of a lot longer than I have. You've all reached a point of wisdom and maturity that would take me centuries to achieve on my own. The last few weeks have been really crazy. Most of what I've done, I've done without asking your advice. As a result I've found my self becoming reactive instead of being proactive. That ends right now. 

"Cassandra was right, we have to do something about the way resources are being consumed on Earth. But that's not the only reason I asked Kadir, Asimah, and Selena to create the things they did. There's still the possibility that Earth may be destroyed. If that happens, then the only option open to us right now is bringing some of them here to Neuveia. We needed to be prepared for that." 

Bob scanned the monitors then shook his head and sighed deeply. "It's pretty quiet down there right now. But the fools haven't even picked a chairperson for their constitutional convention yet. I think the council and I need to go to the dinning room where we can all relax and go over everything that's been discussed this morning. I'd also like to hear any ideas any of you may have for other options. Asimah's people can keep an eye on things until we get back. Stacy, I'd like you to come along too." 

Stacy nodded. "Of course Your Majesty." 

"That's another thing, I don't mind the ones that bonded with me calling me 'master.' They all seem to enjoy doing it so much that I've learned to live with it. But I would like everyone to drop the royalty bullshit. I can't seem to get used to it and it's driving me batty. Please, just refer to me as Guardian instead of calling me Your majesty." 

Once they were all seated at the dinning room table, Aphrodite looked at Bob and smiled. "I'm curious Bob. If you had known how much your life was gonna change that day when you found Cassandra's ring, would you have still put it on your finger?" 

"That's a strange question. But yeah. Even knowing everything I do today, I would've put that ring on in a heartbeat. I don't think I ever really had any choice in the matter. But that's beside the point. I may detest the fact that five beautiful, innocent women have had their spirits bound to mine and that three out of the five never really had any choice in the matter, especially Cassandra. But that doesn't change the fact that I love every one of them. Although the idea of having bound servants still makes me somewhat uncomfortable, I think I've adapted to the whole situation pretty well. You mind telling me why you asked such a strange question?" 

"If we..." Aphrodite waved her hand around the table. "are gonna be of any real use to you, we need to know where your head's at. What you're thinking and why. None of us questioned what you've done with Earth so far. Though some of us, myself included, might have done things a little differently. I wouldn't have been so heavy handed. But then I see things from a different perspective than you do. 

"You're ex-military so you do things from a warrior's point of view. I'm a lover not a fighter, so I do things from that perspective. Both ways get the job done. But my way doesn't leave as big a mess behind as yours does. Each council member is the same way. We all see things from different perspectives. We'd all advocate different courses of action for a specific situation. If we all know what you're thinking and feeling, what your mission goals are, what you'd like for an endgame, it would go a long way towards getting the best advice possible from all of us." 

"OUCH! Coming from you, that really smarts Sweetcheeks. I didn't realize I was being such an asshole. But you're right, I should've told all of you those things a long time ago. You already know the two major mission goals. Those haven't changed at all. Peace and prosperity for Earth. What has changed though is my definition of those terms. 

"Like most people, I used to define peace as an absence of war. But I've come to believe that true peace means an absence of violence of any kind. I'm hoping by using the invisible jumpsuits and the automatic defensive shields that people will eventually realize war and violence are not things to be glorified, but instead, are things to be avoided. Humans tend to define prosperity by the size of their bank account. I disagree, I think true prosperity can only come from equality. Equal opportunity, equal, rights, and equal justice. That's why I insisted on a single world government and a single world currency. Is it too much too soon? I really don't know. But this seems as good a time as any to start down that road. I'm not sure how all this is gonna turn out in the end, but what I'd like to see when all's said and done is a world with a united population all working together towards common goals. The only way I see that happening though is if we make a serious dent in Earth's population. You all know my thoughts on that already. I'm open to any advice or suggestions anyone may have." 

He handed Stacy a pad of paper and a pen. "Take good notes. I'm gonna want you to hold a press conference and make some announcements once we've decided what we're doing." 

Stacy surprised Bob by being the first one to speak. "Master, I know I'm not a member of your council. But I have a few ideas that may help." 

"You are now! Go for it hot stuff." 

"I can understand your reluctance to give Earth back it's space technology. Humans have a tendency to repeat past mistakes over and over. Why not give them an incentive not to do that? Terraform Earth's moon and Mars as well Let the people of Earth know you've done it. Tell the people that when they produce a single worldwide civilized society, you'll give them the ability to colonize them. That's the 'carrot' you can dangle in front of their noses to get them to do what you want. 

"But you have a far more serious problem that I'm not sure you've realized yet. In almost every country on Earth, the military industrial complexes were the biggest drivers of their economies. If you don't do something fairly quick, Earth will have millions of people literally starving to death in the streets. I think one of the reasons things are going so slow on Earth right now is because every government is trying desperately to keep their people fed. They'll be able to do it for a while. But for how long is anybody's guess. I think it's only a matter of time before their economies start collapsing. I have an idea. It's a little unorthodox. I'm not sure whether it will work or not. But given everything I've seen since I've been here, I think it stands a pretty fair chance. 

"Notify every government on Earth that you'd be willing to allow anyone who's without food or shelter to come to Neuveia. You're gonna have to rig the portals so that whenever anyone steps out of them on to Neuveia that they're free of all physical and mental ailments. I'd also suggest they be immune to any and all diseases and that they have enough knowledge to survive with whatever you're planning on giving them. The reason I suggest rigging the portals is because it wouldn't surprise me any if the governments sent you every mentally ill person they can find along with every criminal in their prisons. 

The beauty of this is that it actually accomplishes three things at the same time. The burden on Earth's governments is reduced. Earth gets it's first reduction in population. You get to show the people of Earth that you have compassion for their suffering." 

"Those are some pretty good ideas hot stuff. The logistics would take a bit of doing though." Bob turned to Kadir. "Baby girl, is it possible to rig the portals using wish magic?" 

Kadir replied, "absolutely master. Although I'd probably think of adding trade skills to the list. That way if you use their country of origin as a reference point and set them down in groups in those locations, they shouldn't have too much trouble setting up self-sustaining communities. You wouldn't have to grid out entire continents or countries. Just set them down in groups of about two thousand or so, spread out a couple of hundred miles apart. Those that come from landlocked or desert countries would have to be set down near rivers and lakes or relocated to coastal areas. But I don't see that as too much of a problem given the numbers of people you'd be dealing with. I think overall you'd be dealing with less than two hundred million people. Neuveia's a pristine planet so absorbing that number of people should be fairly easy." 

Athena spoke up. "If we know approximately what areas you're gonna be setting people down in, we could grid out those areas. I don't think it would be too difficult to tie the portals in to a computer program and assign each person or family to a specific GPS location as they came through the portals. We could even preposition some of the equipment and supplies you want to give them as long as you had a list of who each government was sending in advance. That would really simplify the logistics." 

"Those are some pretty good ideas. But I have a few concerns that need to be addressed. I'm not comfortable with the idea of Earth's governments choosing who comes here. I think I'd rather let the people decide that for themselves. I don't want anyone being forced to come here against their will. I suggest we set up a Neuveian government computer network. The home page will contain information about Neuveia, basic information about our laws, our environmental restrictions, and any other pertinent information including a notice that people will have to work for what they want if they expect to survive here. If people want to know more about a topic such as our laws, there will be links directing them to those specific sites. 

At the end of the page there will be a notice stating that the next page begins an application to immigrate to Neuveia. To continue they must agree to abide by our laws and environmental restrictions. Along with any other rules and regulations we may put in place later on.The application will request the usual information. Number of people being applied for. Their names, ages, dates of birth, sex, that kind of thing. As well as their current living arrangements. We will be giving priority to those that are homeless or on the verge of being homeless. It will also contain a drop down menu beside each name listing all the different skills needed to build communities. Each person old enough to work will have to pick at least three different skills in order of preference. Trade skills will be assigned based on their selections and our current needs. If they choose not to preselect skills then a skill will be randomly assigned based on our needs. 
