 Author's notes: 

Although there's a few hints of things to come, this chapter's light on sex scenes. It's mostly devoted to character and plot development. 

A special thanks to Kayline Blake for a great editing job. 

******** 

Later that afternoon, when Bob first woke, he was a little confused as to why the only thing he could move was his head. He raised his head glancing around smiling. The wall to wall bed was a sea of naked female flesh. There wasn't a part of his body that didn't have a gorgeous head resting on it. He grinned when he realized Hestia had already claimed her spot for his 'wake-up call'. Her beautiful face resting directly on his massive cock as she slumbered peacefully. He chuckled softly, closed his eyes, and drifted back to sleep. 

A couple of hours later Bob woke again. Before he could open his eyes, he heard Cassandra's giggling voice in his mind say, "I know you're awake Master. But please, keep your eyes closed and pretend you're still sleeping. Otherwise, you'll REALLY disappoint Hestia. She's spent the last twenty minutes asking for tips and pointers on everything from deepthroating to cum swallowing. She's really excited that her very first blowjob is gonna be what wakes you and she wants everything to be perfect. I don't know what you did to her last night, but it seems you've unleashed a monster." 

"You saw how Hestia was last night, shy, timid, and scared. I wanted to make sure her first time was an experience she'd never forget. So I made her tits and nipples extra sensitive, doubled the size and sensitivity of her clit, created some additional nerves on her tongue, in the back of her throat, and inside her asshole then connected them all to her clit." Bob replied. 

"You did WHAT? Holy shit! No wonder she was pumping out pheromones at that level. Oh my gods! Hestia's first blowjob is gonna be as legendary as her first fuck! THIS I have GOT to see," Bob heard Cassandra's laugh in his head. 

Hestia had tied her long reddish blonde hair into a single long braid running down her back all the way to her luscious ass. She sat between Bob's wide spread legs waiting patiently/impatiently for Cassandra's signal that it was time for Bob's 'wake-up call'. When Cassandra nodded, Hestia looked at Bob's face then stretched out on her belly. She lightly traced Bob's urethra from the base of his massive cock to the huge plum colored tip with the nail of her index finger. When her fingernail slid over Bob's highly sensitive frenulum, his cock twitched with an involuntary spasm. Hestia giggled then quickly glanced at Bob's face making sure she hadn't woken him yet. 

Once she was sure Bob's eyes were still closed, Hestia gingerly raised his enormous cock off his belly. She realized that even in its unaroused state her tiny hand couldn't close around his gigantic shaft. She moved his monstrous cock side to side then back and forth studying every detail. When she was finished studying his huge cock, Hestia used the tip of her tongue to trace the same route as her finger. She moaned as a jolt of pleasure radiated outward from her clit sending sparks of ecstasy to every nerve ending in her body. She flicked the tip of her tongue back and forth over Bob's frenulum several times causing Bob to moan softly and giving her a mild orgasm. 

Hestia slid her pouty lips over Bob's huge mushroomed head. She began bobbing her head up and down on his colossal shaft. She let out a surprised little yelp around his shaft as she realized the more of Bob's monstrous cock she took in her hot, wet mouth, the greater her own pleasure became. Without giving it any conscious thought, she suppressed her gag reflex allowing Bob's humongous shaft to go deep in and out of her throat, causing her throat muscles to go spastic and triggering a massive orgasm. Her whole body shook and quivered as her eyes rolled and her abdomen convulsed. She passed out, Bob's gigantic shaft still buried deep in her spasming throat. 

Hestia's throat muscle spasms combined with the vibrations from her attempts at moaning around his monstrous cock was more than Bob could take. He groaned loudly as emptied his balls, pumping spurt after spurt of hot, thick, gooey cum straight into Hestia's convulsing belly. 

Bob reached down gently lifting Hestia's head and pulling his huge shaft out of her mouth He let her head rest on his groin as she regained consciousness. When Hestia finally gathered her wits, she looked up at Bob and pouted. "That wasn't very fair Master. Everyone says your cum is yummy, but I passed out before I could even get a taste of it!" 

"I know Sweet Tits, that's why you're still down there. Just seal your hot lips around the head and I'll give you a couple of good spurts to sample." 

Hestia squealed with joy, then locked her full, pouty lips around his huge glans. Bob pumped two good, long spurts of his gooey white cum into Hestia's waiting mouth. She quickly swallowed the first spurt then sat back playing with the second one with her tongue as jolts of ecstasy traversed her entire body. After a minute or so, she swallowed the second spurt and giggled. "Wow Master! That didn't just taste yummy, it tasted AMAZING! Thank you!" 

"You're welcome Sweet Tits. I'm glad you enjoyed it. Okay girls, line up and get your morning treat. After that, we'll head to the dining room and try to get at least a couple of hours work done." After everyone got a good mouthful of hot, gooey cum, Bob chuckled and said, "Gods. There's so many of you now, I don't know whose turn comes up next anymore." 

Cassandra giggled. "You men, sometimes I think without us women around you'd be helpless. Don't worry Master, I've got it covered. When you choose new women, we work backwards through them then cycle back to me and start over. Hestia was the last woman chosen. So even if she hadn't missed out last night, it still would have been her turn to wake you today. Tomorrow it's Demeter, then Artemis, Hera, Athena, and Aphrodite. After that we start over with me." 

As they walked downstairs Bob chuckled. "You're right about that one Sweetie. Without you around; I probably WOULD be helpless." 

Once everyone was seated, Bob created two buffet tables. One table had pasta, spaghetti sauce, and meatballs, along with sweet, mild, and hot Italian sausage. The other had all kinds of salad fixings and a variety of dressings. He then created two ice buckets with a bottle of his favorite Chablis in each along with enough plates, glasses, and dinnerware for everyone. He looked at Hestia. "Sweet Tits, before you start eating, I think there's something I should tell you." Bob went on to explain everything he told Cassandra earlier. "If you want, I can fix it for you by disconnecting it all." 

Hestia giggled. "Wow, no wonder I was so fired up last night. I know it wasn't just a 'man thing', although I'm sure THAT was in there somewhere Master. You wanted to ease my fear so my first time was fantastic, that's really sweet. I had such a blast last night and again when I woke you; I'm not sure I want you to undo it. At least not completely. Can you fix just the extra nerves on my tongue and in my throat so that they only become active during sex? That way I can enjoy my food without leaving a puddle of pussy juice on the floor and still have a blast sucking your amazing cock. Forget about disconnecting the other extra nerves. I definitely want them to stay right where they are." 

"Yeah, I can do that. As long as you're sure it's what you really want." 

"I'm positive it's what I want. You gave me this fantastic new body for me to enjoy. I look at myself now and I see this hot, sexy woman that even I'd wanna fuck. Why shouldn't I be as hot and sexy on the inside as I am on the outside? This amazing body was designed to give you the most pleasure possible. If it gives me multiple massive orgasms as well, then that's just icing on the cake. I'm not saying this because of that binding, bonding thingy either. Like Cassandra said, when it comes to sexual matters, we have full free will. Well, we're talking about a sexual issue here, so what I'm telling you is exactly how I honestly feel Master." 

"All right Sweet Tits, we'll do things your way. You've changed a hell of a lot since you first got here yesterday. You've become a woman in every sense of the word. I don't think I'll ever be more proud of you than I am right now, at this very minute." 

Hestia smiled a megawatt smile blushing at Bob's compliments. "Thank you Master. You have no idea just how much those words mean to me. I've NEVER felt sexier, more desirable, and more loved in my entire life. If I'm, as you say, 'a woman in every sense of the word'; it's only because you're a true man in every sense of the word. You have a way of making each of us feel special. It's one of the things we all love about you. Of course, you having that enormous cock certainly doesn't hurt either," she giggled. 

Bob looked at Cassandra, "and you call ME a perv?" he chuckled. 

"Well you ARE a perv, but we wouldn't have it any other way. Would we girls?" 

There was a chorus of "oh hell no!" from the eleven other women. 

"I'm sure," Bob chuckled. "Everyone grab some food. We'll work while we eat." Once everyone was seated with their food and a glass of wine, Bob then continued. "Okay where we were before shit hit the fan with Zeus?" 

Athena spoke up. "Let's see, we had just finished naming star systems and planets. Then we got to talking about how Artemis and Hestia were still virgins and I wasn't. I was explaining the how's and why's of how I lost my virginity when things went south. By the way, you haven't told any of them yet, have you?" 

Artemis gave Athena a puzzled look. "Athena, either my brain is still fried from all that great fucking and sucking last night; or what you said doesn't make any sense. What in heaven's name did Hestia and I being virgins have to do with naming stuff? Those seem like two totally different subjects to me. Was you losing your virginity what made Zeus go wacky? Oh yeah, and what haven't we been told? You've got me so confused; I don't know whether I'm coming or going." 

"It's one of those 'you had to be there' moments Artemis. But I think Master should be the one to explain it all to you." 

Bob chuckled softly. "And here I thought you loved me Athena. Okay I'll explain what I can, but you're gonna have to fill in the gaps." Bob created a holographic map of the galaxy arm Neuveia was located in. 

"As you can see, there are five star systems located about equal distance from Neuveia. I named Neuveia's star after Aphrodite because she spent most of her time here anyway. These two stars and their corresponding planets are named after Athena and Hera. These three over here are named Artemis, Demeter, and Hestia in that order" 

Before Bob could say anymore, Hestia spoke up. "Wait... um... hold up one second please Master. These star systems and planets. You named them BEFORE the shit went down with Zeus? You hadn't even met us yet, let alone fucked us! No wonder I fucking love you so much! Thank you Master!" 

"Yeah, they were named before everything started. In fact that's how we got on to the subject of virginity. Athena said something to the effect that you three were really gonna love me for naming things after you before we met. Then she asked if I knew Artemis and Hestia were still virgins. I remember saying something like, 'that's what the myths say, but they said Athena was still a virgin too'. Okay Athena, I think you need to pick it up from here." 

Athena giggled. "Gee thanks Master. I thought you were doing so well too. I said something along the lines of I was until about ninety years ago." Athena went on to explain everything she had said about losing her virginity. "Zeus started giving me shit about it, and well, you know me. I got pissed and gave it right back to him. I told him he wasn't man enough to admit Cassandra was his daughter just like me and that I was tired of his bullshit of ignoring us like we didn't exist. The next thing I know, Master's sending Zeus back to Olympus. The rest, as they say, is history." 

Hera started laughing. "Yup, you gave it to him with both barrels; that's for sure Athena! I remember the night Zeus tried to fuck you in his throne room while I was sleeping. Your screaming at him woke everyone on Olympus. I nearly died laughing when you told him if he even looked at you that way again, you'd help me cut his balls off. After you left, I told him if you ever asked, I'd gladly help you." 

Bob grinned and said, "Speaking of feisty women, you three were very courageous standing up to Zeus the way you did. We've told you the events leading up to Zeus going bananas. I'd like to hear your side of the story. I think everyone would." 

Hestia and Demeter pointed at Artemis as they giggled. 

Artemis sighed rolling her eyes. "Okay, fine. I'll do it, but you two are gonna owe me BIG TIME for this one. I guess I should start a little before the shit actually hit the fan. We were sitting on some benches behind Demeter's temple taking a break from practicing our little shield trick. We'd found out that the shields were stronger if we linked minds. We could rotate them quicker and they regenerated a hell of a lot faster. The only real drawback was the time it takes to link up. That's what we were working on; trying to improve our mind linking speed. We had gotten it down to about three seconds, but we couldn't get past that point, no matter what we tried. We decided to give it a rest for a bit to see if we could come up with any new ideas." 

"I think we'd been sitting for maybe two minutes when Hermes showed up saying that Zeus wanted to see all three of us right now. We thought it was a little weird. He'd NEVER sent for all three of us at the same time before. But then again, Zeus was always a bit weird, so it didn't set off any alarm bells. When we got to Zeus's temple Hera was waiting outside. She told us Zeus was in a real pissy mood and to watch our backs because she didn't know what he was capable of doing." 

"We must have all been thinking the same thing at exactly the same time, because bam, the mind link was there instantly for all three of us. Once we got to the throne room, Zeus sealed all the exits. The whole scene was surreal. He was dancing around, talking to himself, and laughing hysterically. He told us exactly what he was gonna do to us and why. Although we'd never tried linking three shields before, it was all we had so we went with it." 

"For some reason, we formed a triad me in front, Demeter behind to my left and Hestia behind to my right. We all raised our shields at the same time and I got a quick message off to Apollo asking him to go to Neuveia and get us some help. After that, I couldn't answer Apollo because I was too busy dealing with Zeus. I kept Zeus focused on me by using every damn trick I could think of while Demeter took care of shield rotation and Hestia handled the regeneration. All those weeks of switching partners during our practice sessions must've paid off. No matter how fast Zeus hurled his lightning bolts, the best he could do was to put a small dent in a shield that was gone before his next shot. We were only hoping to hold Zeus off long enough for a rescue team to get to us, but at the rate he was going, he would've run out of essence long before our shields failed us. I don't know how long we held him off. It seemed like forever, but it was probably less than ten minutes. It really doesn't matter how long it was. We held him off long enough for you and a rescue team to get there. So in the end we beat him and that's all that really matters." 

"I know I glossed over a few things and made it sound easier than it actually was. You said we were courageous Master. But that's not the way it was. The truth is, we were really terrified. Especially me. I was the one taking the hits and I was scared shitless. When that first lightning bolt flew at me, I remember thinking, 'oh fuck, I'm dead!' But it never even touched me. The shield just absorbed it dissipating the energy all around us. I don't think I'll ever forget the look on his face when Zeus realized he hadn't even dented my shield. That look scared me even more than his lightning bolts. I've never seen anything like it before, and I hope I never see anything like it again! It's hard to describe. His eyes got bright red. He was foaming at the mouth and snarling at the same time. I mean it was a look of pure unadulterated hate. I saw him winding up and I knew he was gonna hit me with everything he had. I just closed my eyes and hoped my shield could take it. When that one didn't hurt me, I sensed he was gonna change tactics and go after either Demeter or Hestia. I couldn't let that happen. I started acting cocky and taunting him. I told him I was gonna make him my bitch, that he wasn't even man enough to take on his own daughter. Then I told him it was only a matter of time before Hera told him to fuck off, that she told me that unlike him, you had a real cock and you knew how to use it. Then I told him that Hera said his micro dick couldn't satisfy a mosquito never mind a real woman like her." 

"I stood there calmly laughing in his face, but inside I was shaking like a leaf in a wind storm. I got him so mad, he was hitting me with everything he had, as fast and hard as he could. That's when you showed up. I saw you bouncing him off the walls like he was a rag doll and the relief just washed over me like a waterfall. Then Cassandra, Kadir, and Cailin came in and I knew it was really over. We'd done it! We were alive and unharmed! We'd won and that son of a bitch had lost. I was so happy that even though I was weak in the knees from all the stress, and then the relief, I think I could have done a few dozen cartwheels just to express my joy. That's it, that's the whole story. Thank heavens I won't have to go through anything like that ever again!" 

Bob looked at Artemis with a gentle smile. "Being courageous doesn't mean being without fear, my feisty little woman. It means doing what MUST be done DESPITE your fear. Never doubt for one second that the three of you are heroines for standing up to Zeus like that in spite of your fears. I've been in combat many times. I know from personal experience that taking hits from a friend during a live fire practice or a training exercise, is a whole lot different than standing in front of an enemy that's trying to kill you. I can understand the fear you all felt. I've been there and felt that same fear myself many times." 

"I learned a bit about how Olympian Shields work when Hera was attacked. I think I know why you little trick worked so well. Most magical beings have cone shaped defensive shields. But your shields are dome shaped like mine." Bob created three round glass domes each one a little bigger than the last. He then created three small statues and an oval shaped dome. 

Then placing one of the round domes over a statue he said, "This is what your personal defensive shield looks like." He then placed the oval dome over the three statues standing side by side and said, "This is what your shields look like when there are two or three of you standing in a parallel formation." Finally, he placed the three statues in a triangular shaped formation and set the three round domes over them starting with the smallest one. "This is what your shields look like in a triad. They actually become three separate shields. Each one is a little bigger than the one before it and reinforces the others. Zeus would've had to punch through all three shields at once to get to you. There's no way he had anywhere near enough power for that. Hell, I'm not even sure I could do it. I don't know how, but you picked the perfect formation for what you needed to do." 
