 Author's notes:

Another great editing job by Kayline Blake! Thanks Kay!

This chapter switches POV often. I hope that doesn't detract from your enjoyment!

*

Bob sent all the governors and their teams to their assigned planets in order to give them the time they needed to get their staff members settled in. He told them that "moving day" would commence at exactly twelve P.M. Eastern standard time in three days. Amanda and her team were told to make sure that their staff was ready to hit the ground running by that time as well. After that Bob and the rest of his women left Tranquility city and returned to his castle on New Atlantis.

When they arrived at the castle Bob noticed the look of surprise on Cassandra's face. He laughed then said, "What? Can't a man take some time to relax once in a while?"

Cassandra smiled as she touched Bob's forehead. "Hmm, strange. No fever. So tell me Master, why are we relaxing while everybody else is working their asses off? Are you sure you're okay?"

"I'm fine Sweetie. We're here because I don't want to inadvertently influence Amanda's decisions. She has a job to do the same as the governors. The best thing we can do is to stay out of her way and let her do it. As I've said many times before, I don't wanna be involved in the day to operations of the Neuveian Federation. I chose Amanda for the presidency of the federation because she's a natural leader with the skills, courage, wisdom, and foresight to be a great president. I'm not worried about a thing Sweetie. I have full faith in Amanda's ability to get the job done right.

Besides, spending the weekend at the beach is just the sort of thing I need to relax and unwind. Monday is "moving day" and no matter how great a job everyone does, THAT promises to be a major pain in the ass. I intend to spend the rest of today and all of tomorrow taking it easy. We'll have a quick council meeting some time on Sunday just to make sure that we're ready for Monday. But other than that, I don't even wanna think about work unless an emergency comes up, okay?"

"A whole weekend at the beach does sound heavenly, Master. We haven't had that kind of time to enjoy ourselves in quite a while. Could we have a seafood buffet for dinner tonight? Then maybe later we could have some of those chocolaty, chewy, gooey, crunchy things you make for us. Ohh and afterwards, you for dessert? Yummy!" Cassandra exclaimed then giggled.

"Yes Sweetie, we can have a seafood buffet, and yes you can have your s'mores later on." Bob grinned and continued, "I'm not so sure about having me for desert though. I thought I came here to relax not get worn out with all that exercise."

Cassandra's beautiful emerald eyes sparkled with mirth as she ran two fingers up and down her glistening outer lips soaking them with her abundant juices. She giggled as she stuck her fingers in Bob's mouth and said, "You're gonna turn THAT down? Just look at all the hot T&A still running around here! You're gonna turn that down too? Yeah right! That'll be the day!" She wrapped her arms around Bob locking lips with him and dueling with his tonsils while grinding her soaked cunt against his massive shaft. By the time she broke the kiss, both of them were breathing in short, shallow pants. She looked down at Bob's now rock hard cock. She giggled and said, "It really looks like you're gonna turn down a tight juicy pussy! Look at you, you're already raring to go, Master!"

"Yeah well, I'm not the ONLY one around here raring to go! Look at how wet my cock is just from you grinding your pussy against it. That tight little cunt of yours is so soaked that you've got a river running down your thighs," Bob replied.

Cassandra gave Bob a smack on the ass causing him to yelp in surprise then said, "I think you'd better get that sexy ass of yours moving down to the beach, Master. Otherwise, I might just jump your bones right here and now," she laughed.

"You're right Sweetie, let's get to the beach and have some fun before the FUN starts," Bob chuckled.

When they got to the beach, Kadir and Cailin organized most of the women into teams for volleyball while Bob, Cassandra, and Aphrodite went to the picnic table. Aphrodite sat on one side facing the table while Bob sat on the other side with his legs straddling the bench.

As soon as Bob was seated, Cassandra stepped forward grabbing Bob's enormous shaft. She bent over at the waist taking all of his massive cock into her mouth and down her throat in a single gulp. Cassandra let her warm, wet lips glide up and down the whole length of Bob's humongous shaft a few times. She stood up grinning at Bob and said, "Just getting my seat ready, Master. I hope you don't mind." She turned around reaching behind her grabbing Bob's huge shaft once again. She placed Bob's mushroomed glans against the opening to her satiny slick cunt and slowly lowered herself until every inch of his monstrous cock was inside her velvety smooth cunt and her luscious ass was seated securely in his lap. She moaned then said, "Ahh that's much better. We've got a few hours before you have to start dinner and I'm gonna make sure you enjoy every minute of it."

Bob wrapped his arms around Cassandra cupping her scrumptious tits. He squeezed and caressed her gorgeous D cup globes while pinching and tugging on her diamond hard swollen nipples. He chuckled then said, "Well since you're already in the saddle, you might as well go for a ride, Cowgirl."

Cassandra looked over her shoulder at Bob. She smirked then said, "I think I'm gonna just sit here like this and tease the hell out of the both of us for as long as I can. Although I might do a little of this," she squirmed her scrumptious bubble butt around in Bob's lap, "or a little of that," she twerked her hips back and forth a few times, "just to keep things interesting."

Bob groaned then said, "You really are such a brat. You know that right?"

Aphrodite burst out laughing and said, "That's my spoiled brat all right! You go girl, let's see who gives in first!"

Cassandra's gorgeous emerald eyes sparkled with mischief as she twerked her hips a few more times then said, "That's a great idea. It sounds like it could be a lot of fun. Who you betting on, Mom?"

"Oh no you don't, Sweetie. I'm not betting on either one of you. I'm sitting this one out," Aphrodite replied with a laugh.

Cassandra squirmed her magnificent ass around in Bob's lap causing them both to moan softly. She looked back at Bob and said, "Let's keep this fair. No using magic. Okay?"

Bob chuckled softly then said, "Okay, you're on Sweetie. But I might have to do a little of this...," he thrust his hips upward driving his gigantic cock deep in to Cassandra's hot, soaked, tight cunt causing them both to moan softly, "or a little of that," Bob rotated his hips in a circular motion stirring his massive shaft around in Cassandra's satiny slick, hungry, little cunt making them both moan softly again, "just to keep things even," he grinned.

Cassandra looked over at Aphrodite and smirked. "Ohh, someone learns quick doesn't he?" Cassandra twerked her hips a few times on Bob's enormous shaft. She and Bob both moaned loudly as he answered her twerking with a few hard thrusts of his monstrous shaft.

Aphrodite giggled then said, "And they're off!"

Bob and Cassandra continued teasing each other for almost an hour with Bob answering every one of Cassandra's teases with a teasing move of his own. Each one trying to outdo the other. Both were on the verge of cumming. Yet neither one was willing to give in to the other. Finally Cassandra made a mistake. She leaned forward placing her hands on Bob's legs to get a little more leverage for her twerking. Bob realized that a slight change in his position would make the huge mushroomed crown of his gigantic cock rub back and forth directly over Cassandra's "G" spot even if she sat back up. Before Cassandra could move, Bob moved just enough to change his angle of penetration then he closed his fist leaving just the middle finger extended and placed that directly in line with Cassandra's asshole. When Cassandra rocked her hips back, the combination of Bob's huge glans rubbing across her "G" spot and the sudden unexpected impaling of her tight little asshole on Bob's middle finger was more than her shocked body could handle! Cassandra came HARD screaming like a wild banshee in heat! Bob grabbed Cassandra's waist holding her in place against him as a massive orgasm tore through every inch of her body like a runaway freight train tearing through a house. Every muscle in Cassandra's body was shaking and twitching. Every nerve ending was alight, firing off jolts of pure ecstasy, as every neuron in her brain became overloaded with pleasure. Cassandra's Kegel muscles twitching, clenching, and releasing around every inch of his enormous cock was more than Bob could take. A super nova exploded behind his eyes as he let out a primal growl shooting spurt after spurt of hot, thick, creamy white goo deep into Cassandra's spasming cunt.

Bob's head cleared first. He looked over at Aphrodite. He chuckled softly then said, "Well I guess we can call THAT one a tie."

"I think that's a good idea," Aphrodite replied with a giggle.

When Cassandra's head finally cleared, she raised her legs and used her hands to spin around on Bob's still rock hard, massive cock. She plopped her gorgeous legs down on either side of Bob's waist and wrapped her arms around his neck kissing him passionately. When Cassandra broke the kiss, she giggled then said, "THAT was unfuckingbelievable! You caught me totally off guard! I NEVER expected you to use my asshole to trip my trigger like that! It made me cum sooo hard! What a wonderful surprise and a FANTASTIC orgasm too! Thank you, My Love!" She laid her head on Bob's shoulder then continued, "I know you're calling it a tie. Honestly, I don't care one way or the other. I'm still gonna sit right here where I belong. In the arms of my master, my husband, my king, and my one true love."

Bob kissed the top of Cassandra's head softly then said, "I love you too, Sweetie. I always have and I always will. When you're in my arms, I'm the happiest and the luckiest man in creation. As far as I'm concerned, you can sit right where you are until the stars fall out of the heavens if you want."

"That would be heavenly, My Love. Sadly it's not very practical. We're both creatures of duty and loyalty. We're not just bound to each other, we're also duty bound to Creation and the Boss. Let's not forget my sisters either. I love every last one of them almost as much as I love you. I could not, and I would not, ever deny any one of them the pleasure of sitting where I am right now. There isn't one of them that doesn't have my love, my loyalty, and my respect."

Bob kissed the top of Cassandra's head again then said, "I feel the same way Sweetie. I love all my women. Even the Atlantians. Especially that little firecracker Nicole. I think the saying "dynamite comes in small packages" was written just to describe her. But the simple fact is that I just can't keep up that pace. In a way I'm glad that the Atlantians are only one timers. Don't get me wrong. They're all beautiful women and they're sexy as hell. I may even fuck a few of them now and then. But only when I can do it without neglecting you and the other women that are here now."

"I'm sorry, Master, but that's not gonna work. Amanda, Nicole, and the rest of the Atlantians are your women too. They're all pregnant with your children. They all need to feel like they're still desirable. You have to show them that they are. You need to let them know that they're still sexy. That you love them, and that you'll be there for them. I know they're all bound to you and that they'll accept whatever you do, or don't do, because of that. But dammit that doesn't make it right! Take a few hours and visit a different planet each day. Treat the five Atlantians on that planet like queens for the few hours that you're there. Make love to each of them. Make each of them feel special, like they're the only woman in creation while they're in your arms. It's only a few hours of your time each day and you know it's the right thing to do!"

"Okay, Sweetie. You've made your point and, as usual, you're absolutely right. I won't be involved in the day to day operations of the Neuveian Federation so I'm sure I can spare a few hours each day without neglecting you or the others."

"Ugh! MEN! Sometimes you can be so damn dense! You still don't get it, Master! The Atlantians are our sisters TOO! We know you can't do ALL of them EVERY day! There's no way to make things completely fair. But by you visiting one planet a day, at least they're all getting SOME of your attention. We know you are struggling to satisfy us all time-wise. After all, there are only so many hours in a day. We realize that this idea isn't perfect, but it's the best we can come up with under the circumstances. We don't mind if you have to hold us off for a bit because our sisters need some of your attention just as much as we do, even if they can't complain about it. We realize that you've already agreed to do it. But we'd like you to be just as passionate about it as we are. No matter how you look at it, the Atlantians are just as much your women as we are. They deserve to be treated that way!"

Bob chuckled softly. "Wow! I guess you really are passionate about this! I plan on using part of every Sunday to meet with Amanda and the governors via video conferencing. Instead of communicating from here, I'll go to Tranquility City and use Amanda's video system. That way I can start with her and her team right after the first meeting a week from this Sunday. Then I'll move on to each planet in the order the governors were appointed. Doing it that way will put me back in Tranquility City every Sunday. Will that work for you, Sweetie?"

"That's perfect! Thank you, My Love," Cassandra replied then kissed Bob passionately. After she broke the kiss, Cassandra looked over at Aphrodite with a smirk and said, "Hey Mom, I know I said I was just gonna sit right here until Master started dinner. Even though I love the idea, I think I'm being a little selfish. Why don't you and I exchange seats? That way you can help me keep his mind off work while we're waiting for dinner and you can have a little fun in the process."

"Ooh I like that idea," Aphrodite giggled then continued, "especially since this damn belly of mine's getting so damn big that I don't know how much longer I'll be able to enjoy that beautiful cock." She waddled over to Bob as Cassandra sat on the other side of the table.

Bob stood taking Aphrodite in his arms kissing her passionately. His hands roamed all over her sumptuous body as their tongues played catch me if you can. When he broke the kiss, Bob bent over kissing Aphrodite's belly. He stood looking Aphrodite in the eye and said, "There's nothing sexier in all of creation than a pregnant woman. You may have a big belly that makes you feel uncomfortable, but you're still a gorgeous, vibrant woman with the sexiest little ass ever created. Why don't I use some magic to help you out a little? I can make you feel as light as a feather. That way you can stuff my cock in that sexy little asshole of yours and really go for a ride."

Aphrodite's eyes sparkled with joy as she replied, "Mmm, that sounds like a fantastic idea! I haven't had a good ass reaming in ages and you know how much I love feeling your enormous cock pounding my tight asshole! I love it! Let's do it!"

Aphrodite moaned loudly as she impaled her scrumptious little asshole on Bob's massive cock. When her magnificent ass finally bottomed out against Bob's lap, she moaned loudly again then said, "Gods that feels sooo good!" She looked over at Cassandra and said, "Thank you, Sweetie! Nothing makes my day like having Master's huge cock stuffed in my horny little asshole."

Before Aphrodite could begin moving, Bob slipped his arms around her and gently cupped her luscious tits as he said, "I'm gonna hold on to these beauties to keep them from bouncing around too much. I know they're a bit tender right now from your pregnancy."

Aphrodite laughed softly then said, "Tender isn't the word for it, Master. My boobs are as sore as hell, and in case you haven't noticed, they're a lot bigger than they were. I was about a "D" cup before I got pregnant. Now I'd be surprised if my boobs weren't close to an "E" cup. By the time I'm done with this pregnancy, I'm gonna need three wheel barrows. One for my huge belly and one for each of my humongous tits," she laughed.

Aphrodite began rocking her head side to side as she bounced happily up and down on Bob's monstrous cock. She closed her eyes in pure bliss moaning and whimpering every time her delectable little ass bounced off of Bob's lap. She placed her hands on Bob's thighs and pumped her tight, hungry little asshole up and down all nine inches of Bob's massive cock as hard and as fast as she possibly could. Finally, with a primal scream that could probably be heard over in Tranquility City, she came, and came, and then came some more. She was hit with a series of massive orgasmic quakes that she could neither control nor stop. Her breathing came in short shallow pants as her eyes rolled back into her head. Her overloaded neurons fired jolts of pure ecstasy to every nerve ending causing every muscle in her body to quiver and shake. When Bob yanked her hips down hard and unloaded spurt after creamy spurt of gooey white cum deep in her bowels, it triggered another round of massive orgasms. Aphrodite fell over the orgasmic cliff so hard and the pleasure was so intense that it was more than her mind could handle. Her head slumped forward as she passed out. She would've fallen flat on her face if not for Bob having two hands full of her gorgeous globes.

Bob pulled Aphrodite up against his chest and held her until she regained consciousness. When her head cleared, Aphrodite turned to Bob kissing him fiercely. She broke the kiss then said, "Thanks, Lover! I REALLY needed that! Gods! Look at us! We're both soaked with pussy juice! I must've squirted a river!"

Bob laughed then said, "More like an ocean, but that's beside the point." He smacked Aphrodite's scrumptious little ass playfully and said, "Time for you to move, Sweet Cheeks. My cock's had a seafood dinner, now it's time for the rest of me to have one."

Aphrodite stood with her hands on her hips and said, "So now I'm a seafood dinner huh? You...you... I'll get you for that one, Master," She laughed.

After dinner the rest of Bob's women all took their turn riding his enormous cock, stopping only long enough for him to create a campfire and a batch of s'mores fixings. By the time he finished with his last woman, it was nearly midnight. As they were walking back to his castle Bob said, "And I thought I came here to relax," then he chuckled.

Cassandra playfully slapped his arm and said, "Oh hush. You loved every second of it and you know it."

"Damn right I did," Bob replied with a laugh.

Bob and his women started Saturday with breakfast on the beach. Cassandra started off the chain gang of fucking right after finishing breakfast. Then came lunch with more fucking afterwards, then dinner with even more fucking after that. By the time Bob finished up, all of the women there with him had been fucked thoroughly three times and it was approaching midnight once again.

Sunday morning Bob decided to have a working breakfast in the dining room of his castle by holding a council meeting while they ate. Bob was a bit surprised when Stacy was the first one to speak up.

"Ya know, Master, you said it yourself. Tomorrow's gonna be a pain in the ass. I've had to move a few times myself and I usually end up wondering if moving isn't a fate worse than death. Stuff gets broken. You forget things and leave them behind. Somehow something ALWAYS seems to go wrong. What I'm trying to say is I think people really need more than just a two hour notice. Lay out the ground rules and give people enough time to prepare. It won't eliminate all the hassles, but it may cut down some on the flack the governors and their aides have to deal with. We could make the announcement right after breakfast today. Then if some people screw up, it's on them. Your governors can look at the idiots and tell them they were warned in plenty of time. Then laugh and send them on their merry way."
