 It is bright. The sun is out. The sky is blue. There are no clouds. The year is 1262. It is summer. The weather is hot and dry. Below is the desolate region of plateaus, valleys, ravines and rock formations that will one day be known as south-eastern Utah. Today, the area is under the nominal control of a small community of people known as the Bahloo.

A small group of people are walking through a narrow steep canyon. There are two men in front. They appear to be Native Americans with straight black hair; they are dressed in drab pale brown robes and wearing moccasins. Their names are Qextel and Windtogn. Qextel is the high priest of the Bahloo. Immediately behind them is another man, whose name is Dresden, dressed as the first two and pulling yet another man, whose name is Kwondoong. Dresden has a rope that is attached to a collar on Kwondoong's throat. Kwondoong is naked except for a black hood that covers his entire head. His hands are bound behind his back. Behind him is a woman; her name is Roxneng. She wears a brightly colored robe that is actually too large for her. She has to hold the robe up off the ground as she walks. Behind her are two more men dressed as the first two. Their names are Weendeng and Onquetzl. Onquetzl is Qextel's son and next in line to be high priest. No one is speaking as they walk.

They follow the crevice for several hundred yards then turn into a large opening in the rock wall. They walk down a corridor for about fifty feet and reach a vestibule. There are four openings in the vestibule. They go into the second opening from the right. They walk through a short hallway and into a large chamber with a low wooden ceiling. There are two small rooms at the back of the chamber. Each room has a log beam above the doorway and a seat carved out of the rock on the back side. Each seat is covered with a straw mat. In the middle of the room is a large device with two seats. The seats sit back-to-back with a column between them reaching almost to the low ceiling. Starting at the top of the column and protruding through the ceiling is a dark opaque greenish crystal. There are four small doors, two above each seat, arranged around the crystal. The device has a ceramic look to it -- a dull dirty flat white coloring -- smooth surfaced with no seams. There were two indentations for feet, two armrests and a cradle in the back for the occupant's head. On the wall is a panel with seven wooden switches.

When everyone in the group is inside the room, Qextel points to the woman, Roxneng. Weendeng moves forward and gently takes hold of her left arm and escorts her to the seat that faces the two small rooms. She removes her robe and hands it to Weendeng. He folds it over his arm. She is now totally naked. He helps her as she sits in the seat. She positions each foot in the indentations in the floor, places her arms on the rests and leans her head back into the cradle. Weendeng looks back, and nods at Windtogn, who is now standing by the panel. Windtogn pulls the first switch on the right. Two clamps roll out and secure her ankles. He pulls the second switch and two clamps roll out and secure her arms. The third switch is pulled and a clamp rolls out around her neck. Weendeng looks at her and verifies that she is secure; he steps back away from the woman and lays the robe on the mat in the room to the left. Then he walks out of the chamber back into the vestibule.

Onquetzl and Dresden take hold of the arms of the naked man. They unbind his hands, remove his collar, and maneuver him into the other seat and locate his feet, arms and head just as had been done to Roxneng. Windtogn pulls the first switch on the left and two clamps roll out and secure his ankles. The second and third switches are pulled and his arms and head are secured in the same manner. Dresden pulls the hood off. Kwondoong has an anxious look on his face; he looks around the room. Onquetzl and Dresden leave the room back into the vestibule.

Qextel looks at Windtogn and nods. Windtogn walks around and drops open the wooden panels on the ceiling. They are mirrors that angle between the seats, and their occupants, and the crystal in the middle of the device. Windtogn moves back to the panel and pulls the middle switch. He walks over and stands next to Qextel.

A low pitched hum begins. The room shakes a little. Kwondoong stops fidgeting and looks at Qextel. The device begins to vibrate. A light appears in the crystal and it begins to increase in intensity. It continues to increase until a beam begins to appear in each mirror. The beams angle down directly onto the face and the stomach of the occupants of each chair. The intensity continues to increase until it was so bright that Qextel and Windtogn each hold a hand over their faces. Kwondoong and Roxneng each squeeze their eyes shut.

This goes on for about ten minutes. Kwondoong and Roxneng both disappear into the brilliant glow of the light. Finally, the light's intensity begins to decrease and the two begin to reappear. In another ten minutes, it is over.

The middle switch on the panel rises back up to its original position. Qextel looks at Windtogn and nods. Windtogn returns to the panel and pushes the three left switches back up. The clamps on Kwondoong's seat retreat. He stands out of the seat, and rubs his wrists, arms and neck. Windtogn goes into the back room, and retrieves the colorful robe. He brings the robe to Kwondoong and places it over his shoulder. Kwondoong tightens the straps on the robe. He steps over to Qextel. They each reach out with their right hands and touch each other's left shoulders. They both turn and look toward Roxneng, who is still clamped in the seat. 

Onquetzl and Dresden return to the chamber and stand on either side of Roxneng. Windtogn pushes the three right switches back up. The clamps all retreat. Onquetzl and Dresden take hold of Roxneng's arms and stand her up. She tenses and resists their help, but they are too strong for her to fight. They take the collar that had originally been on Kwondoong and place it around her neck. Dresden gets the rope that is attached to the collar and hands it to Kwondoong. They walk out of the chamber leaving Kwondoong and Roxneng alone. He takes her into the back room on the right. He pushes her down so that she is bent over with her hands on the seat. He walks behind her, pulls his robe apart, probes her with his hands between her thighs and massages her, pulls out his member and slowly pushes into her from behind. He takes her vigorously for several minutes, capping it off by filling her with his cum. He steps back, closes up his robe, takes the rope attached to Roxneng's collar and stands her up. He takes a cord from a pocket in the robe and binds her wrists behind her back. He pulls her out of the chamber by the rope attached to her neck and leads her back into the vestibule.

The group lines up in the vestibule just as they had entered it earlier, except that Kwondoong, wearing the colorful robe, is now pulling the naked and collared Roxneng. They all walk back out into the canyon. At the end of the canyon everyone stands aside so that Kwondoong and Roxneng can continue on. They walk down onto the plain and eventually out of site. Everyone else then turns and walks back up into the canyon. They disappear out of sight.

***

Fast forward to a little over five years ago -- the name on the door says 'Dr. Fredrick Marshall, Archaeology Department.' Dr. Marshall is seated behind a large mahogany desk that is immaculately neat and tidy. He has been with the university for over forty years and is nearing retirement. Today, he will be making his last study site assignment to two young girls in the department. They each have outstanding academic credentials but are extremely inexperienced. He has appointed his imminent successor, Professor William Hodgkins, as their advisor. The project involves a newly discovered site in a remote section of southeastern Utah. It is very small and ancient. He expects that not much of value will be found -- it is not that far off the main highway. More than likely, it has been pillaged by several hundred years of grave robbers. He has assigned his older and more competent teams to other projects with more potential. These young ladies will be able to get their feet wet on this one.

Dr. Marshall calls Professor Hodgkins on the phone. "Bill, this is Fred. I'm getting ready to interview the girls, and then I will send them to your office."

"Thank you, sir. I have the packets ready with the site maps and initial assessments. I think we will try and visit the site this weekend. It's only a couple of hours away; the van can hold all the equipment plus the three of us."

"Good. These ladies have a lot of potential. Train them carefully. In four or five years they could become your top students."

"I am ready. You have placed them in the right hands, Dr. Marshall."

Dr. Marshall grins, clicks the receiver, and then he asks, "Hello, Miss Newton. Please send the young ladies to my office."

Hodgkins is sitting at his desk. He leans back in his chair with his hands behind his head and props both shoes up on his desk. The old man is getting senile. I am the best he has and he wants me to advise a couple of freshman sluts. Well, maybe I can get some sack time with them in between the times they are stumbling around in the desert.

***

Two weeks have passed. The two girls are at the dig site inside the cave. Their advisor is out in the crevice, leaning on some rocks and napping. At this time, he has had neither in the sack. And the prospects do not look so good. This will require his best effort.

The girls notice a vestibule behind some rocks and debris. They push two large boulders out of the way, and then clean some of the debris. They walk into a large vestibule which has four openings. They walk into the first chamber on the right -- not much there. There are a couple of broken benches and some broken pottery. The walls are bare.

They move to the second room on the right and find a large device with two chairs. It is covered with dust. They look over at the glyphs on the wall and begin reading. After just a few minutes, they look up at each other and each smile very big. They have deciphered some of the glyphs and they knew that they have a discovery of epic proportions.

***

Mary Carter is very beautiful by almost anyone's standards. She is medium height with a voluptuous build, has medium length blond hair and very blue eyes. Mary is very intelligent. She is in the Science College and is majoring in Archaeology and minoring in Psychology. On a more personal level, Mary is quiet and aloof. She has no social life to speak of. There are no men on campus that can come close to matching her intellect, and she has a hard time staying interested in any of them. Hardly anyone at the school knows who she is anyway, and she likes it like that. She is always working in the computer lab or in the library on some research project or another. Oddly, she has applied for a one-year furlough from her studies so that she might travel. The application is in Professor Hodgkins' office awaiting his approval.

Jane Wilkinson is at home this morning getting ready to go to school. She has to meet early with her best friend Mary before classes begin. Jane is also beautiful. She is skinnier than Mary, has dark brown hair and pale brown eyes. Her legs are long and curvy. She dresses to make men look at her. She is also very smart and has risen to be Professor Hodgkins' chief graduate student advisor. She is majoring in Archaeology and minoring in Macro Physics. And it is no coincidence that both she and Mary are best friends and team mates on the archaeological dig near the Canyon Lands National Park.

The dig has produced some incredible finds that Mary and Jane want to show to Professor Hodgkins. Their friendship sparked at their very first introduction when this assignment was given to them. They have worked the dig with uninterrupted ferocity ever since. They are planning on how to convince the professor to travel to the site with him. Even though he is still the academic advisor on this project, he has not been to the site in over three years.

Mary is walking across the campus and runs into Jim Edmonson. He is one of the underclassmen who have assisted with the site dig. He has been focused on the living areas while Mary has spent more time on the technical aspects of the work.

"Mary, I see that you have cancelled our trip to the site tomorrow. What's up?"

"Not a problem. It's just that we are convincing Bill to go out and inspect the sight. We wanted to get him there without an audience. It needs to be a real inspection. We were afraid that if everyone is there Bill will turn this into a classroom. It will help us greatly if we go alone."

"Sure, Mary, I was just wondering. By the way, do you have a date for the party tonight? I would be glad to take you. I mean, if you don't mind an underclassman escort."

"I'm sorry, Jim, but I do have a date for tonight. Thanks for asking; considering you don't even know me all that well, I really appreciate it. I would have liked that. But I will be leaving in a few days on a furlough. I don't know when I will be back to school."

Jim looks disappointed, "I'm sorry too, Mary. I would like to get to know you more. You seem to be a nice lady. Anyway, I'll see you tonight. Bye."

Mary smiles and walks on. He called her a lady. He can only be a couple of years younger. Jim turns and watches her as she walks. She is nice to watch as she walks. Jim realizes that she is only a couple of years older than he is. He feels a bit foolish.

Mary meets up with Jane at the Commons. Jane is sipping some coffee and has a Danish pastry. Somehow, sweets never affect her waist line. Jane sees Mary and says, "Hi, do you want some of this pastry?"

"Are you kidding? I will just smell that and put on ten pounds." Mary sits down. "You aren't going to believe this. Jim Edmonson asked to take me to the party tonight. I hated to decline. He is such a nice kid. He called me a nice lady. I almost felt like he thought of me as his mother!"

"I would say Jim is like every other kid on this campus. They would gladly trade their mothers and their fathers as well, to get a chance at you."

"Are you serious?"

"Mary, are you serious? Don't underestimate the power that your physique holds, especially to a kid like Jim. He will mature someday and be a good man for most anyone. Maybe we can help him out in a few years."

"I suppose." Mary looks off ponderously. She goes on, "Is everything ready for the trip?"

Jane looks around and then speaks a little softer, "Shh! Yes, the three of us are going to leave tomorrow early in the morning. The van is already loaded. Of course, he still tells us that his attendance is tentative. You play the major role in this one. Have you got your date set up for tonight?"

Mary frowned, "No, I'm going to do it this morning before class. He has been dropping hints about this party for a couple of days. I have tried to put him off in a most seductive manner. I have used my introverted demeanor to my advantage on this one. He has been cautious up to this point. Today I will submit to him and accept the invitation."

The he that Mary is referring to is Professor Hodgkins himself. He goes by the name of Bill. He is politically astute and has connections in many places; ever since he succeeded Dr. Marshall, he has always been able and willing to call on those connections to help him in his climb to the top. Bill is also well hung; and this fact is well known all over campus. He uses this to his advantage and has found his home in the college campus lifestyle. Bill is arrogant and rude on top of all that, but he always manages to find a girl to do his bidding almost at the drop of a hat. However, he has failed to woo either Mary or Jane into his bed or to any other location where he would gladly have his way with them. In addition to being a misogynist, he is also an incredible narcissist. His bedroom walls and ceiling are all lined with mirrors. He has them there so that he can watch himself in action; the object of his action is rarely, if ever, a concern for him and he will usually position them so as not to disrupt his view of his own reflection.

***

Mary and Jane meet up again after lunch. Mary's date with Bill is a go; she will be attending the party with Bill. Mary suspects that, somehow, this date will end up at Bill's home where she will have at least one sexual encounter with the department head. She won't be the first but she intends to be the last.

Mary is outside the cafeteria sitting on the steps. Jane walks up and sits with her and asks, "So, I hear the date with Bill is on."

"My, news travels fast doesn't it? The deal was set only twenty minutes ago."

"What did you expect? Let's recap: you have been in the Archaeology Department for five years. Bill has hit on you at least a half dozen times per day during that time including calls to you while on summer break. He has probably shot enough jiz while dreaming about you to fill a tanker truck. And now, out of the clear blue sky, you relent to a date. I'm amazed he didn't drop dead of shock."

"Jane, I would've thought your knowledge of men like Bill would be much deeper than that. He doesn't recognize rejection. To him, I was just delaying the inevitable. There is no girl that can resist his charms. At least, that's how his mind rationalizes it. Now that we two are going out, he can trumpet his success at luring me onto his list of conquests. And don't you forget I'm the one who predicted that he would hit on me before he hit on you. He's saving the best for last."

Jane bows her head low and humbly says "I submit to your greater knowledge of psychology."

Mary puts her hand on Jane's head, "Rise, lowly grasshopper. Hey, this guy is a text book narcissist. There is hardly a second semester psychology freshman that couldn't figure him out."

"Maybe I should have taken psychology. Apparently it can aid me in assessing potential sex partners."

Mary looks pensive. "Jane, are you sure we want to follow through with this? I mean, after all, someone might consider what we are doing to be unethical or even illegal."

"Mary, Mary, Mary. Let's think for a minute. We are on the edge of one of the greatest archaeological discoveries since King Tut's tomb. You and I were assigned to this project as an afterthought, and now we are on the cusp of something that is near historic proportions. The only thing standing in our way is Bill. You yourself have deduced that he will pull the rug out from under us, take all the credit, and relegate us as some meaningless triviality. And he has the clout and the connections to do that very thing. What we are doing does not involve harming anyone, it prevents a great injustice of immense proportions and will, ultimately, allow the university to get the publicity due to the discoveries we have made. Of all people, you are the one who makes the great sacrifice. Bill will end up in a scenario he dreams about, or at least, very close to his dream." Jane smiles wryly. "Anyway, we have gone over this a thousand times. This is the best way to get the best outcomes for the most people." Jane pauses. "You know, this is not a perfect world. We are already at a disadvantage having to work for this pinhead. We have the ability to make this right. It's going to be difficult. But we need to take the chance. We will never, ever have a chance like this again. I will tell you -- I am not going to live out my career kowtowing to morons like Bill Hodgkins."

Mary looks down at the steps. "Yeah, I suppose. This is the only way. Bill will do anything he can to get all the credit for this one, I know that's true." Mary bites her lip then looks up at Jane, "I'm good Jane. I'm going to get through this. Thanks for the pep talk. Don't let me be stupid again, okay?"
