 She walked through the thick smoke, passing the piles of bodies set to flame. She heard the screams, coming from everywhere and nowhere, echoing through the haze. She had been here before. She knew this place. Every detail of it was carved into her soul. A scar that would never heal, she would never let it. She knew what would happen when she turned around. She would be forced to see it again. The nausea of her fear, her guilt, welled up as she felt herself slowly turn against her will. But it didn't happen. Something stopped her. She heard a soft voice at her ear.

"Why do you always come back to this place?"

Cassandra awoke into darkness, her heart pounding through her chest. She could feel Kalvin's arms wrapped around her. He was gently rocking her. Quietly reciting a mantra of loving words he hoped would soothe her. After she stopped shaking he whispered to her. 

"The dream again?"

It was more than a dream; a dream could be forgotten in the morning light. Dreams did not haunt your waking life, waiting for a quiet moment to strike you down with regret and shame. This had been a memory. But there had been more this time.

"Yes, and no. There was something different this time."

Cassandra tried in vain to remember exactly what it was.

"There was a voice, I think."

Her hand moved to the tattoo on her shoulder, just one of many scars that would never heal.

"It'll be fifteen years to the day tomorrow, Kalvin."

Kalvin had noticed the movement of her hand and couldn't stop himself from twisting his head to stare at his own reminder of the blood on his hands.

"I would not trade a single day of those fifteen years with you. I have many regrets, my love, you are not one of them."

He looked into her eyes in the weak pre-dawn light.

"I remember the first time I saw you. You were as stunning then as you are now though you were a little ragged from your prison escape. You were crouched like a cat, ready to cut me down."

His fingers caressed her cheek.

"I'm so glad I didn't kill you back then, Cassandra."

She smiled and gently patted his cheek.

"Do you honestly think you could have bested me?"

They kissed. Dawn was breaking and they lay in each other's arms as light began to fill the small room they had rented for the night.

The smell of baking bread and cooking meats snapped Kalvin back to the present. The ghosts of the past would be best dispelled with both a meal and new employment. They would find neither in this bed. And he was too hungry now to consider the only other appetite that needed attention.

"Breakfast was included in the price of the room, right?"

They returned to their room after eating a light breakfast of bread, cured meat, and porridge and got ready to leave the small town of Beleth. Their money was running low again, as it always did when they splurged on inns though this one had been well worth the money. 

"Well, I have stuffed my belly and I have stuffed my pack."

He spied Cassandra bent over the bed gathering some loose items into her pack.

"Now, let me think, what else should I stuff?"

He sneaked up behind her and grabbed two full handfuls of her backside. She looked back over her shoulder at him with a smile.

"What do you think you're doing?"

His hands slid down her thighs as he bent down and kissed the small of her back.

"Don't blame me; you were the one bending over. You know what that does to me."

Her smile broadened as she wiggled her backside. He wasted no time, pulling her breeches down to her knees. Kneeling down, he covered her backside in soft, tender kisses as his hands slid up and down her sides. Cassandra moaned, delighting in the touch of his fingers and lips. She began to feel the warmth well up within her that she knew would begin a torrent between her legs. She arched her back to allow him better access to where she wanted to feel his lips next. She did not have to wait long. Kisses turned to licks and nibbles which meandered across her buttocks and thighs until his tongue slid between her lips. He found her wet, sopping wet, a torrent ran over his tongue and lips as his tongue slid into her. He moaned as he pressed his face closer, sliding his tongue as deeply into her as he could. She gasped breathlessly, her head bowing. He could feel himself harden as his lover's taste and smell triggered a primal need within him. It was getting terribly uncomfortable so he began to pull his own breeches down, allowing his cock to burst forth. It was so hard now it ached. He took a moment to squeeze a large drop of precum onto his finger tip. 

"Look what you've done to me Cassandra."

He reached forward to offer her his finger which she suckled greedily enjoying the salty taste of his arousal. He then stood and looked down at her perfect backside. Pulling his breeches down to the top of his boots he began to rub his cock against her wet, swollen lips. She looked back at him over her shoulder and smiled.

"Always the gentleman, knocking before you enter a lady's chamber."

He slapped her a few times with his cock and they both dissolved into laughter. Her laughter stopped abruptly as he began to push into her. His hands moved to her hips as she moaned deeply. She could feel the crown of his cock stretching her as he slid into her, inching his way deeper. With her knees together she was tighter than usual and he was being so slow. It was blissful and teasing at the same time as he stopped, filling her perfectly. She wanted him to be faster and harder. She looked back over her shoulder, her eyes pleading to him. Kalvin smiled and began to move more quickly, more forcefully. He was rewarded with a look of pure rapture from his lover. He began to thrust faster and faster, until the rhythmic wet slapping of their bodies reached a frenetic pace, his fingers digging into the soft flesh of her hips. 

She could feel the climax begin deep inside her. A moan at first, biting her lip, her eyes losing focus, as the feelings intensified her body started to shake, the moans turned to cries until finally her breath caught in her throat and she gasped. Shuddering, her knees buckling, her head thrown back she howled with pleasure. Kalvin kissed her back as she panted and writhed in the aftermath of her climax. She looked back over her shoulder at his impish smile. His eyes locked with hers as he spoke in a sing song voice.

"I think there's still one more thing to stuff, my love." 

Her eyes grew bigger as she watched him suck a finger and then slip it into her ass. Her eyes rolled back and she moaned deeply as she felt the warm wetness penetrate her. Her own wetness grew at the anticipation of what would come next. He began pushing into her again, faster, finger and cock moving in unison until a second finger was inserted. She moaned deeply as she bit into the blankets. He was teasing her, keeping her from what she now desperately wanted. She could feel him throb, he could not be any harder. She whimpered a little as he withdrew both his cock and his fingers. She had been enjoying that immensely but knew she would enjoy this as well. She could feel him pressed against her ass, waiting. She nodded her consent while biting her lip.

He was so hard it was difficult for her to relax enough to let him into her and she accidentally pushed him out. As he entered her the second time she had calmed herself and pushed back into him, making it easier for him to fill her. Her moan was long and desperate. Slowly, deliberately he began to push in and out of her. Slowly building force and speed. Once again their bodies were moving in unison, his hands, holding tight to her hips as he pulled her onto his cock.

He was hitting her in exactly the right spot and she could not help herself as she tore into her pack to withdraw the stone. With a moaned command the stone's magic was brought to life. She could feel the warmth, the gentle wobbling that quickly turned into a buzzing pulse. With her knees together she had to squeeze to get her hand in the right position. She placed the stone against her throbbing clit and squealed at it's touch. She began to slowly rub it against herself. She bit her lip at the feeling of her lover within her and the stone's magic. 

He could feel it too. Her whole body began to vibrate. Every time he filled her, his balls would brush up against her buzzing lips. He was not going to be able to last much longer. But he was certainly going to try. Alas, Cassandra would have none of it. She wanted his pleasure.

"I want you to fill me Kalvin, right now."

She could feel the throbbing as he climaxed inside her. His moans and his final scream were so satisfying to her. He continued to thrust as his whole body quivered, his hands gripping tightly into her flesh to keep himself from falling over. His cock was still rock hard and with the stone's magic reaching it's maximum she felt the waves wash over her. She looked over her shoulder at him. She loved to see his eyes when she climaxed. His eyes softened as he watched the pleasure in her face. She was so beautiful when she came. Once again moans turned to screams and her body heaved on the bed, her free hand clutching and pulling on the blankets. Cassandra once again felt his lips on her back, this time she summoned the strength to thrust her hips backwards. With his breeches around his knees, Kalvin quickly lost balance, pulling out of her ass like a popping cork. Arms flailing like a windmill he stumbled back and fell into a chair laughing. She could feel his cum running down her leg. He pulled up his breeches as she wiped his seed up with two fingers and, looking right into his eyes, she licked every last drop from them. He moved back to her then, kissing her buttocks tenderly, pulling her breeches back up. He then spun her into his arms for a long, passionate kiss.

"Now that we've taken care of that, was there anything else you want to stuff, Kalvin?"

He looked forlornly at the coin purse laying on his pack.

"Sadly, we have almost spent the money we got from that love sick mage. We need to find a job soon or it will be venison and sleeping under the stars until we do. But fear not, I'm certain the fates will provide."

There was a dearth of jobs in this small hamlet, unless you liked manual labour and Kalvin most certainly did not. The closest town of any size was Rollarn, three days ride North, perhaps they would have better luck there. Kalvin had just finished haggling for supplies from the innkeeper when an old man limped into the inn and approached him. 

"Good morning sir, I was told you are travelling to Rollarn. I would wish to hire you and your comrade as body guards for myself and my companion who are also headed in that direction. We have heard there could be bandits and neither of us is a skilled warrior."

Kalvin looked the man up and down with an appraising eye.

He looked to be in his sixties. His back was slightly stooped and his beard was long and white. He wore a battered skull cap on his bald pate. His travelling cloak, however, was of fine cloth and his walking stick seemed to be finely crafted as well. Kalvin's curiosity was piqued.

"Are you sure you can afford our rate?"

The old man pulled out a small coin purse and jingled it.

"One half crown now, another half when we reach Rollarn safely."

Kalvin's eyes narrowed.

"Full crown now, full crown upon safe arrival in Rollarn. You will not get such a fair offer from the bandits who roam the wilds."

The old man feigned outrage.

"I was planning on avoiding being robbed on my way to Rollarn, and here you are taking advantage of an old man in his moment of need. Half crown now, and one full crown on safe arrival or I will take my chances with the rogues in the wild instead of the rogue standing before me."

Kalvin smiled though his suspicious nature always questioned when haggling went so easily.

"Agreed."

They touched thumbs to seal the deal.

"We will meet you at the crossroads in one hour."

He informed Cassandra that their trip would be profitable even before they arrived at Rollarn as she was leaving the stable with their horses. She seemed mistrusting of the timeliness of the employment but was satisfied with the terms. After loading the supplies and their meager belongings on their horses, they met up with their travel companions at the crossroads of the town as agreed, or at least one of their companions.

The old man was at the reins of a modest one horse covered carriage. He smiled and waved to them at their approach. Cassandra noted the loaded crossbow that sat on the bench beside him.

"And so, who do we have the pleasure of escorting to Rollarn? Kalvin said there would be two of you."

The old man looked from one to the other.

"Our identities are none of your business, only our safety. My companion is within the carriage, we are ready to leave when you are."

Cassandra's brow furrowed as she exchanged a quick glance at Kalvin who simply shrugged as he kicked his horse into a quick walk. It would now be a four day ride to Rollarn as the carriage was slowing them down as it bumped along the road past miles of farmland. The old man's companion did not make an appearance the entire time, staying sequestered within the confines of the carriage. The road became rougher as farms gave way to vast moorland. Just past mid-day Cassandra realized why the old man had wanted body guards. She rode closer to Kalvin who appeared to be either deep in thought or slumbering in the saddle.

"Party's over. We're being followed. And they are very, very good. They're finding cover where there shouldn't be any."

Kalvin refrained from even looking up. He trusted Cassandra's abilities and if she said they were being followed, they were. 

"Any idea who they might be?"

Her expression was one of exasperation.

"Not a clue, but there are four of them and they're using magic to keep themselves hidden. They're smart enough not to try to take us in the open, they'll bide their time. The real question is who is that old man and his secretive companion to draw this kind of attention."

When she turned her gaze to the old man she found he was already looking in her direction, giving her an almost imperceptible nod as he touched the crossbow. Who the shades was this old man?

They made camp for the night as if nothing had changed. They found as defensible a position as they could; ensuring they would be between any attacker and the carriage. All they could do now was wait for the inevitable.

Kalvin took the first watch as Cassandra tried to rest her eyes.

She walked through the thick smoke, passing the piles of bodies set to flame. It was different this time. She felt like she had control over her body. She heard the screams, coming from everywhere and nowhere, echoing through the haze. She knew this place's name: Gor-Balail. This was the last of the great goblin cities to fall, where they had made their last stand against the armies of Tyrnia. This was where they had died. She knew what she would see if she turned around. She stopped; she could vaguely feel the presence of the voice like an itch in her brain.

"Well, aren't you going to ask me why I come back here?"

She waited. The voice did not answer. 

"I come back for her!"

She turned, tears streaming down her face, pointing at the child clutching a small rag doll to her chest. She could see her eyes looking up into hers. She could see the fear in those eyes, their silent pleading. Cassandra was screaming now.

"I come back to try to save her. Again and again. And every time, every single time, I have to watch her taken away to die."

Her whole body shook with sobs as she fell to her knees.

"I killed so many of them. They called me a hero for it. The Emperor himself knighted me for all the blood I shed in his name, branded me as a member of the Bloodguard. But when all I wanted to do was save a life, one small, fragile life, I couldn't. I failed."

The voice finally replied.

"You didn't fail."

She snapped awake. Kalvin had nudged her and whispered.

"It's time."

Kalvin nocked an arrow and looked to Cassandra who had drawn two of her long daggers. The old man was no longer stooped. He stood to his full height and as he whispered to his walking stick it began to glow with a faint green light. He would be certain to have words with him if they survived this, sharp words.

Their movements could not be seen as much as felt. To an untrained eye there would be nothing to see despite the light of two full moons. A deepening of shadows here, a blur in the landscape there was all that Cassandra could perceive. They were using shrouding cloaks and really good ones at that. Luckily Kalvin had taken steps to improve their odds. They were just about where Kalvin wanted them.

A bright light flashed to his right leaving a mass of coloured dots in roughly the shape of a man. Some very unlucky soul had tread on one of the sparkle stones Kalvin had strewn across the approach to their camp. They were harmless, unless you were trying to stay hidden from an archer. Now that his target was fully visible, Kalvin smiled and had already let an arrow fly. 

"Gotcha!"

The target moved in a blur. Kalvin was momentarily taken off guard at the speed. He had caught the arrow, snatched it right out of the air. Fair enough. He nocked another, this time he whispered a few words before letting it fly. Again, the attacker dodged and caught the arrow which then exploded in a flash of light. The next two arrows hit their mark dead centre in the chest. Cassandra moved past him with a little slap to his backside.

"The other three are moving off. Probably to regroup. We won't catch them off guard like that again. I'm going to see what we're up against."

She gave the old man a long icy stare as she walked past him then blurred as the magic of her father's ring took hold. One moment she was next to him, the next she was over a hundred yards away. She seemed to examine the body for a moment then, before he could even perceive that she had moved again, the old man was lifted off his feet. Cassandra held him aloft in one hand while holding an amulet in the other. Her voice was measured and calm but full of menace.

"What is the meaning of this? Who the Hells are you?"

Kalvin moved to reason with her until he saw the amulet. It's shape a perfect likeness of the tattoos that marred their shoulders: the Eye of Drakken.

"Shades, Cassandra! They're Bloodguard? You know what this means, right?"

Cassandra knew exactly what it meant: she was going to have to kill more of their former comrades in arms. But first, she needed answers.

"What does Drakken want with you and whoever's hiding in that carriage?"

He began to stammer a response but was cut off as a long, low howl ripped through the night.

Cassandra dropped him as another howl answered the first. At least a dozen dark forms poured over the hills. The howls intensified, they had caught their scent. Kalvin let out a deep sigh. This was going to be a long night, if they were very lucky.

"They must have used summoning stones to bring in reinforcements. Shades I hate 'Thropes."

Lycanthropes, men transformed by magic into monsters. Now half man half hound, fearless, vicious, they served as the shock troops of their Bloodguard masters. They ran straight into the defenses Kalvin had laid. Lights flashed, followed by mindless howls of pain. Only a few managed to get within fifty yards of the camp before Kalvin shot them down but the damage was done. Their masters wasted no time in pressing the attack. They made no effort at concealment this time; instead, they were using speed. 

They came at them at a speed almost comparable to Cassandra's own. There was no time or need for the defenders to communicate. They would each need to take down a member of Drakken's Bloodguard in single combat or they would not see the dawn.
