 "Are you flirting with me? Me, a married woman too." Madeleine asked coyly as she grinned, her face turning the colour of her bright red shoes.

Rhys just smirked, "Who me?" He asked all innocently. Of course Rhys was flirting, it was something he and Maddie always did through habit and fun.

Both knew that nothing could, or would ever happen between them. Maddie was a happily married woman. Rhys was single, but he respected her far too much to cross the line. Both knew exactly where the line was and knew when to stop. That's not to say that Rhys hadn't thought about doing more than just flirt, he had. But he would never consciously do anything to jeopardise Maddie's marriage or their friendship.

As for Maddie, if she was totally honest, she had once fantasised about Rhys too. Everybody fantasised, but those fantasies were for her own private times and thoughts. They were kept locked firmly away and released on those nights when her husband was away. Those nights she had her thoughts, fantasies, and the whole bed to herself.

Working at the bank, you wouldn't think that much in the way of flirting would occur. But Maddie and Rhys's minds were perfectly in tune with one another. They could always turn an innocent comment into something smutty. The had more innuendos and double meanings than a 'Carry On' movie. They always pushed the existing undertones to see who could embarrass the other first. To put it mildly, the air was thick with sexual tension when the two were together. But as an outsider looking in, you would never realise.

It is true that Rhys knew when to stop or back off. He did know where the line was and he had never once crossed it. Rhys figured that stealing the odd glance at her ass as she walked past or bent over was okay. He also considered glimpsing down her top if she leant across his desk wasn't really crossing the line either. It was more like leaning over the line to get a better view! Of course, admiring the swell of her breasts and the pattern of her bra he could see through some of her blouses fell into that category too. It's not like he ever took handful after all.

So yeah, you could say that Rhys had a secret thing for Maddie. He probably thought about her inappropriately a lot more than she ever did about him.

So their days went on, conversations and flirting aplenty. Sometimes the suggestiveness was borderline and possibly a bit much. But for the most part it was all friendly banter and harmless for the both of them.

Madeleine was, to be fair, a fairly conservative person. At least outwardly, and to most people's perspectives. She wasn't really frigid or the Ice maiden that her husband would call her when she refused to engage with him in his kinkier sexual fantasies. Maddie would only engage sex in the missionary position. She had tried another once, but her nature had taken over and had vowed never again.

She did enjoy sex; Maddie certainly wouldn't say she loved it. But she did enjoy the feeling of being filled and the closeness of the man she loved that it brought.

Despite how she acted around Rhys, Maddie was a naturally shy and timid person. She did not like being naked or undressing in front of her husband. Not because she didn't want him to see her, but because she didn't like her body and was shy to show it off.

Paul, Maddie's husband, would constantly tell her how beautiful she was, and how she shouldn't shy away from him.

He was right, at five and a half foot tall, long dark hair and an athletic build, she was an absolute stunner. No one who saw her could help but admire the way she looked. She always made the effort to look nice but always sold herself short. It doesn't matter how beautiful you are or how many people fancy you and tell you how gorgeous you are. If you can't see it for yourself, and are not happy with your body, then you will not believe them. That was Maddie in a nut shell.

On those rapidly lessening nights that they had sex, Maddie would insist that the light was turned off. She just couldn't bear to have even her husband look at her naked form. Paul had begun to lose interest in sex with Maddie too. She wouldn't, in his opinion, engage with him and his wishes, and so consequently he began to ignore her in the bedroom. So sex, enjoyed or not was becoming even less frequent than normal.

Of course it didn't help Maddie that she had never before been able to orgasm through penetration. Paul would sometimes go down on her and through combination of his fingers and tongue, she would orgasm. That was about as adventurous as they got, Maddie would not consider putting his cock in her mouth, she was put off since he had rammed it in and almost choked her. Since the panic of that night, she had refused point blank.

So whenever Paul would climb aboard, the missionary was the best he could hope for. He would thrust into her as hard and fast as he could. This didn't matter whether she was aroused and ready or not. It became all about him and he cared not if he was hurting Maddie or not. She would grimace as he grunted away. Within a couple of minutes Paul would growl as he came. Rolling off satisfied, he would never consider Maddie's happiness or satisfaction. Or more appropriately, lack of. He had had some, cum and enjoyed himself. He didn't give Maddie a second thought. He had rationalised long ago that if he had cum, she must have enjoyed it too. For all of his faults, which Maddie foolishly put down as her making it that way, she loved him dearly.

So there it was, Madeleine, for very obvious reasons, wasn't a huge fan of sex. Perhaps that was why she flirted with Rhys the way she did. She certainly enjoyed the dirty talking with him more than she did the actual act of sex with Paul.

If that wasn't true, then the fact that she enjoyed herself more with her fantasies and toys in her alone time was. This was her special time when Paul was away, and that she certainly enjoyed a hell of a lot more than sex.

During those times when her husband was away, Maddie was far more daring and at ease with herself. There was no reason she should have been the way she was with Paul, he had never been anything but kind and supportive to her, He had certainly never given her cause to think that he wasn't happily in love with her. Maddie didn't know why, that's just the way it was when he was there. But on those nights when he wasn't, she would really come to life.

Hands would roam over her body, they slowly unbuttoned and removed clothes. Hands that would touch sensuously as they went. She would use her hands and touch herself in ways and places that Paul never did. She was gentle when with her exploration of her body, but firm and even a little rough with herself when the need arose. Slowly stripping away every shred of clothing but with an imaginary lover's hands, Maddie would stimulate herself and build the enjoyment slowly. She would get the most of her time. increasing the eroticism and pleasure of her experience, Maddie would tease and indulge her own body to the heights of bliss.

Her imaginary lover who used her hands would bring Maddie to the verge of orgasm and then ease of in tease. Over and over, each time getting her closer to the ultimate feeling of fulfilment and ecstasy. Every time she reached the brink, it was so much more intense than the last until finally she could resist no longer. Allowing herself to orgasm, Maddie would lose control totally. Screaming through her ragged breaths, she would tug on rigid nipples with one hand whilst the other would invade her core and strum her clit furiously. Breasts would soon be forgotten as both hands attacked her most secret place. Fingers moved like in and out desperately until she could physically take no more pleasure. Finally, Maddie would collapse in exhaustion, spent beyond the ability to take any more.

One night when Paul was away, Maddie had pleasured and teased herself for almost two hours straight. Naked and covered in sweat, she pinched and pulled at her over sensitive, firm nipples. Maddie, hands straying between her legs, was so wet from the enjoyment that she had saturated the bed with her own juices. Her body had become so aroused and sensitive by that point that even if she had wanted to stop, her body would not allow it. With her eyes tightly shut, Maddie moved both hands to her breasts. She squeezed and kneaded them roughly as she imagined another's hands on her body. That feeling of ecstasy that started between her legs and refused to stop as it spread out from her core.

"Yes, yes. Like that. Don't stop. Please don't stop." She begged her imaginary lover.

As the orgasm engulfed her, Maddie came hard. Both hands were working her sex relentlessly. Even as the wave of pleasure washed over her and feeling so sensitive she jumped at her own touch, she could not stop.

Her hands continued, fingers from one moving in long strokes, in and out, whilst the other strummed incessantly at her solid and swollen clit. Maddie was no longer in control of her actions, her lover had taken over her completely and refused to stop.

"Aaaahhhhhhh," she screamed as the second orgasm hit. "Yes, Rhys yes" she cried as the wave washed over her.

Finally, she couldn't give or take any more. Lying spent on the bed, gasping for breath. She hadn't even realised the name she had called out as slowly her breathing and heart rate began to slow. But then she did remember and moaned his name again as she brought her left hand up to her neck. Maddie didn't know why she thought of him at that moment, but she couldn't take it back.

Slowly and unconsciously, Maddie's hand began to move. It moved slowly down her chest and over her breasts. Fingers moved slowly over her areola and flattened the still jutting nipple in the centre. The nipple sprang back erect as her hand continued to move. Down over her stomach it travelled and onto her mound. Fingers entered her most private place. All the while, one word remained in the mind of the exhausted Maddie. Rhys.

Whilst that was the first time that Maddie had masturbated with thoughts of Rhys, she didn't try to stop herself or think of anyone else. She didn't consider it wrong for one moment that she thought of him and not her husband. After all, it was just fantasy and imagination in her private alone time.

Rhys for his part, when he was alone would regularly think of Maddie. He would watch porn movies and imagine him and Maddie as the stars. Many, many times had he jerked off whilst whispering her name. He imagined that his pumping hand was Maddie's hand or mouth.

So back to the question in hand. "Are you flirting with me?" Maddie had asked.

"Who me?" He asked all innocently. "Of course I am. I mean if your gonna talk all dirty like that, what do you expect?"

Maddie blushed, "I only asked if you were coming. And I meant, as you well know, for that drink with me later."

"Well okay then," he grinned. "you know I don't drive, so you'll have to come for me later."

"Hmmm." Maddie refused to encourage him. "Fine, I'll drive."

"You know I like it when you take me for a ride!"

"In your dreams, boy. In your dreams."

"Yeah you know it, I've seen you there too."

Blushing furiously, Maddie made her way back to her desk. Sitting down she chanced a sideways glance back at Rhys. He was busy working away on his computer. Strange, she thought. He was a good looking and fun guy. Why hasn't someone snapped you up yet.

Maddie got back to work, she checked her emails and saw Rhys had left one in there for her seconds ago. Cleary wasn't working hard then. She realised as she opened the message entitled;

Take Me for A Ride.

Maddie, I'll be on the 6:45 train. If you wait in the usual place (your favourite corner) Then we can go and have some fun, just promise not to grab the wrong gearstick!! Seriously though, thanks for tonight, it'll be good to relax with a real friend.

Rhys

Shaking her head at his inability to even email without a lewd comment, Maddie closed the email and got on with her work. She too was looking forward to the evening.

The night ahead promised much fun and laughter. Although it was Friday night and Paul was away, nothing was implied or planned. It was as many other nights out before, nothing more than two friends enjoying each other's company.

The car sat parked across from the train station. The orange glow from the overhead light filled the car. Maddie sat waiting patiently listening to the radio. Watching the train pull out of the station, Maddie looked for Rhys. She spotted him as he walked down the stairs from the bridge.

Leaving the station, Rhys looked across the road to where he knew Maddie would be waiting. He smiled and waved when he saw her. He watched the door open and a long leg, followed by the rest of his friend got out.

Rhys puffed his cheeks and blew the air out. How lucky am I? he thought. So what if nothing can happen, I still get to spend time with an absolute babe.

"Hey, hey. Looking good." He called loudly. "Wow, is all that for me?" Rhys couldn't help himself. Madeleine was a beautiful woman, and her little black dress showed off her body perfectly.

Rhys couldn't believe his luck that a woman like Maddie would actually want to give up her time and spend it someone like him. Gift horses and all that he decided as he stepped off of the curb.

"Rhys" Madeleine screamed in terror.

Rhys never saw the car coming, his focus was solely on Maddie. The driver didn't see Rhys until he folded over the bonnet and cracked the windscreen as he bounced up and over.

Tyres squealed as Rhys's limp body rolled of the back of the car. A dull thud sounded as he hit tarmac and rolled over a few times. He came to a rest, unmoving.

Maddie moved, even in the three inch heels she sprinted. Across the road she ran and fell to her knees at Rhys's side. Through her panic, Maddie shook. She tried to check for a pulse and found none. She couldn't see his chest rise or feel breath on her face as she put her cheek to his lips.

Sitting down, Maddie pulled the lifeless and broken body to her. She cradled Rhys's head as she cried and begged him to stay.

"Don't you leave me," she sobbed. "Do you hear me? Rhys? Please." Tears flowed freely down her face, her words stutter and shaking as she held her dead friend.

Her mind flashed to that time she had touched herself and called his name. She could only whisper it this time. "I, I need you. Please don't go, don't leave me."

Maddie lowered her face into Rhys's, her tears mingling with his blood. A silent crowd began to gather around them. An ambulance was called, but it would make no difference, Rhys was dead.

"please," Maddie continued. Her voice muffled as she spoke. "You can't do this; you can't leave me."

Looking down at the sobbing woman and the body in her arms, Rhys put his hand on Maddie's shoulder. He said the only thing he could. "I'm here for you Maddie, I always will be. And I promise, I will never leave you."

Paul came home the following weekend to find Maddie quieter than usual and very distant. She was in shock for the loss of her friend and paid him very little attention. Paul, never having experienced a personal loss couldn't understand the grief and lasting emptiness that was growing within his wife. It wasn't his fault, he just didn't understand and had no common ground to empathise. Paul tried to be there for her, he tried to comfort her. There are times however, when the last thing you need is someone else fussing, someone telling you 'it'll be okay.' It won't be okay, ever. How can anyone think that having someone you care for so deeply, torn brutally away, ever possibly be okay. Grieving is a personal time, and Maddie needed her time and space to come to terms and accept the tragedy. She knew she would never be okay with it, but she would in time, learn to live with it.

Try as he might, Paul could not grasp the emotional turmoil Maddie was going through. He tried everything from cracking jokes to trying to take her out. He tried to take her mind off of things, but he couldn't.

Paul would try to touch her, try to initiate intimate moments with her, but Maddie shunned him at every turn. That wasn't what she needed. He could not understand why she shut herself away from him. He had no way to know that it wasn't because she didn't love him, she just didn't need him in that way right then.

Paul began to lose sympathy; he would ask himself thinking things like; what's the fucking point of me being here if you won't even talk to me? Or, why can't you just snap out of it and move on?

Days went by, and the day of the funeral arrived. Maddie attended alone, Paul had said he never knew the guy anyway so there was no point in him going. Maddie would have liked him there for moral support, but he had grown distant too. Maddie knew this was partly because of her emotional state, but she was unable to focus clearly on Pauls needs.

She held it together really well throughout the service, The Vicar said nice words and Rhys's sister told stories of her brother with the aim of comforting the mourners. Maddie dearly longed to get up and speak from her heart, to tell of the fun loving and deeply caring person that was Rhys. She longed to say a proper goodbye, something that was cruelly denied her. All of the 'nice' stories were good, but they never spoke of his true character. Of the person who went out of his way to put a smile on her face or who would listen and be there for her no matter what. She thought of the person whom she considered more than a friend, but less than a lover. He was to her; the best friend she could ever have asked for. He never judged or put her down. He was always there, he was Rhys. Her Rhys.

The days since centre his death had found Maddie dreaming more and more of Rhys as more than a friend. Many times in her dreams had she taken him to her bed or simply taken him where they were in her dreams. Some places public, some private. But always it had been sensual, he was the most kind and considerate lover she had ever known. There he had been gentle, caring. At times it had been rough, dominant and passionate beyond anything she had experienced in the waking world. But she would never shy from his touch, however it had been administered. In her dreams, Maddie was free, she would do things with Rhys she had never dreamed of before. Their sexual positions were many and more exotic than Maddie would have ever considered with Paul. She would do things to Rhys that would make him scream in ecstasy. In turn he also took her to heights of pleasure she had not known possible. Their love making was hard, it was gentle, it had he most explosive feelings that ripped through them. Maddie was never happier than when she slept and dreamed. All through these times, she was never alone, Rhys was with her.

The funeral moved outside into the graveyard. Mourners gathered around the grave as The Vicar spoke words of eternal life and resurrection. Maddie would keep Rhys alive in her heart and mind, she would resurrect him and hold him close nightly.

"We now commit the body..." The Vicar continued, his voice lost in the back of Maddie's mind.

It happened when the coffin was lowered. Maddie watched through blurred, tear stung eyes as her friend made his final journey into the cold earth. His coffin was lowered, Rhys was gone. Beyond sight, beyond saving. Her friend, her lover was gone. She had begged him to the contrary, but he had left her.

Maddie fell to her knees, sobs uncontrollably wracked her body. A friend from work crouched by her side and spoke soothing words that Maddie paid no heed to. She was inconsolable in her grief.

Yes, Rhys was a friend, but since his death he had become so much more to her. In life they flirted and pushed the boundaries of their relationship of what they should do. Each had their private times and thoughts. But Rhys's death had set her true feeling free. The tears were partly for missed opportunity, partly for guilt for having those thoughts to start with. But mostly because she could still feel him, even in that lifeless graveyard she could feel his everlasting presence and knew he would in some form always be with her.
