 WARNING! This chapter contains: Femdom, nonconsent (at first), oral, rimming (on a guy), anal fingering (on a guy), anthro, slight bondage, orgasm denial, creampie, and toys, you have been warned.

XXX

Since it's been a long while since my post of the last chapter, here's a little recap for those who don't want to read the other two:

Colonel Marcus Lionheart arrived from a country overseas with eight hundred soldiers to battle the demon king. When he arrived he talked with Adrum, a very old man who was in charge of the city of Tarbat. Although Adrum told him that the city wasn't in danger, Lionheart decided to set out anyway. He sent his commanders into the city to gather supplies. His original second in command, Colonel Marisa Steinem, ran into Hamid, a sorcerer that turned her into a living doll for his own pleasure. Despite the fact that Lionheart had deep feelings for Marisa, he decided to move on to catch the demon king unaware. He also hired Renard, a fox-man, to be their guide. On their first night in the desert they were attacked by pigmen who took a captive, Private Helena Burks, who is now being drugged and used as their sex slave. Because of losing soldiers and Renard's failure to know the attack was coming, Lionheart is becoming increasingly distrustful of Renard the deeper they go into the desert.

Current company status and structure: 

1st: Colonel Marcus Lionheart – Bound by duty and constantly serious. He distrusts those that are not fully human and wants only to kill the demon king.

2nd: Major Sam Ageril – A skilled warrior who is not a people person. He has auburn hair that's spiky in the back and a scar over his forehead and nose.

3rd: Major Oren Ackler – A former food seller and cook. He was forcefully drafted and isn't happy to be in the company or the foreign country. He has an obsession for food and ingredients.

4th: Captain Talia Fenner – A drop-dead gorgeous woman with blond hair, blue eyes, and a perfect face. She doesn't like men hitting on her like Renard, but is intrigued by how intelligent he can be.

5th: Captain Tay Rainground – Grew up around horses his entire life. He hasn't ever really had a family or group of people to care about. He cares more about horses than he does people.

6th: First Lieutenant Eliza Bevens – A woman whose only goal is finding new and interesting creatures. When she finds a new one she becomes excited and obsessive. She makes Renard uncomfortable.

Private Catarina Steinem – Sister of Marisa Steinem. Her only family is her sister, who is currently missing. She decided to take her sisters place by being Lionheart's assistant. She is kind of hapless, but means well.

Renard – A fox man from the fennec tribes. He loves hitting on women, although he usually strikes out. He is currently hitting on Talia Fenner. He is more intelligent than he seems.

Missing: 

Colonel Marisa Steinem – Captured by Hamid who turned her into a living doll

Private Helena Burks – Captured by pigmen, drugged, and used as a sex slave

XX

Chapter 3

The day after the raid, the army was on the move again. Renard led them, but he seemed troubled by something. Colonel Lionheart was becoming less and less convinced that the fox knew what he was doing. So far his soldiers had either disappeared, been eaten by flowers or kidnapped by pig creatures, none of which Renard had warned them about. He claimed it was different than what he remembers. It sounded like an excuse from an inept person. Still, as angry and untrusting as the commander was, he didn't really have a choice. Renard was the only person to sign up for the job. It was either follow Renard or walk blindly.

Talia was with a unit further back from the front. The first unit was being guided by the colonel, the second one by Major Sam Ageril and Talia the third. Despite the fact that Talia was lower ranked than Major Oren Ackler, he wasn't in charge of anything but the pack camels. Major Ackler would likely drive morale down if he were in charge of actual people, as he didn't want even be in the military anyway. Talia wasn't interested in the colonel's decisions in the chain of command however. She found herself gazing forward along the line at their guide. 

She kept telling herself to just ignore him, but something was pestering her. All the men she had ever met had tried to hit on her or were too nervous to talk to her. The only exception seemed to be Colonel Lionheart. Although initially she was thrilled and happy that he didn't care about her looks, after a while he began to use her looks to their advantage, like getting people to sign up for the church's army or negotiating with her present to distract people. It left her bitter about people who flirt with her or talk about her looks. She should have been just as bitter at Renard...but there was something nagging her. 

She spent her entire life around roughneck men. What he said was one of the most intelligent things she had ever heard. He hit on her like all the other men, albeit in a sillier fashion, but at the same time seemed incredibly intelligent. She wanted him out of her head, but she couldn't do that until she knew for certain that he was just like any other man. So now she was left watching him as he walked along, annoyed and at the same time intrigued.

The army crested a dune. Renard was gazing at his feet while he did it, watching his step. When the first line of men followed him over, they instantly began muttering. Renard gazed back at them before looking forward. He gasped and held up his hands. 

"Halt!" he shouted. Colonel Lionheart hadn't quite cleared the hill. He marched up the dune and prepared to yell at Renard, but instead stopped and stared. 

Marching through the sand on the other side of the dune was...something. It resembled a human, albeit one that was very old. It was hunched over, as if was suffering from terrible arthritis. It was wearing tattered draping for clothes that covered everything but its eyes and hands. In its hand was a staff that it was using to shamble along. It's fingers were incredibly bony, almost looking like talons. It's skin was ochre in color, with what appeared to have square scales of an uneven patterns on its skin. Its eyes were milky and appeared to be rotting. It ignored them completely. 

Colonel Lionheart gingerly walked over to Renard, trying not to disturb whatever creature this thing was. He stood beside the fox-man, seeing how nervous he was.

"What is that?" the colonel whispered.

"It's a desert witch." Renard whispered back. "They are quite powerful and dangerous. It's best not to anger them." The witch apparently heard that she was being referred to. She stopped and turned, her milky eyes glaring at them. Renard bowed and swept his hand in the direction she had been walking.

"After you madame. We shall kindly wait." he said, sounding incredibly polite. The witch scoffed and continued shuffling. The fox turned to the colonel. "Let's wait patiently, shall we?" The colonel didn't like yielding anything to some sort of demonic entity, even a path. Still, he shouldn't waste his men fighting anything but the Demon King. 

All of the soldiers milled about, watching the witch shuffle along at an incredibly slow pace. The soldiers began gathering on the crest of the hill, all of them trying to see the creature. The commanders of the companies also did as well, all of them muttering. As the witch finally rounded the dune Major Oren Ackler joined the group of soldiers at the top. The moment he arrived he stopped, not because of the sight, but because of the smell. He sniffed in the direction of the witch. Once the witch was past the colonel signaled for his men to fall back into line. They all began to obey, except for Major Ackler. Instead he marched over to Renard. The fox was breathing a sigh of relief and was oblivious to the approach.

"Excuse me, Renard?" Major Ackler asked. The fox jumped and turned with wide eyes. It was the first time someone in this army had been respectful to him.

"Huh? Oh, yes? Major...Ackler, right?" Renard asked.

"Yes. I was wondering, what was that smell?" the major asked.

"Smell? Oh, the witch's smell?" Renard asked, pointing at the shuffling creature. "Actually, I'm not quite sure. I think I heard it was a plant that they cover themselves in. I never bothered to ask."

"I see." Major Ackler stated. He turned and abruptly began marching in the direction of the witch.

"Hey! Hey! What are you doing!? Don't do that!" Renard shouted, agitated. Colonel Lionheart jerked his head around to see his major walking towards the shambling creature.

"Major Ackler! What are you doing!?" the colonel demanded. His major ignored him. Oren walked right up to the witch.

"Excuse me, Miss Witch?" he asked. The witch turned around. She squinted with her milky eyes, looking slightly incredulous. "I was wondering what that smell is." The witch was silent for several moments.

"Garlic." the witch croaked. Major Oren Ackler's eyes brightened and he smiled.

"Garlic?" he asked excitedly. "You...have garlic!?"

"Major!!" Colonel Lionheart bellowed. Oren turned his head irritably. "I order you to come back here! Now!!" 

The major growled. He then turned back to the witch, who was still staring at him skeptically.

"Sorry. I have to go." he said politely. He then turned and marched back up the dune, where the colonel was waiting to ream him out. The witch continued to watch him as he traveled. There was something new in the milky eyes. The witch then turned and resumed her journey.

The march continued uneventfully for the rest of the day. Major Ackler grumbled the whole way as he traveled with the pack camels in the back. Captain Fenner continued to glare at Renard, as if her curiosity about him were his fault. Colonel Lionheart continued to fume about both Major Ackler and Renard. 

As the sun was setting, Colonel Lionheart's men were completely exhausted, dehydrate, and constantly tripping. The commander shouted at Renard, who didn't seem bothered by the day's travel at all.

"We have to stop!" the colonel yelled. "You are driving my soldiers to exhaustion!"

"We're almost there!" Renard shouted back. "Just a few more minutes!"

"In a few minutes some of them will die!" Lionheart replied.

"Don't be so dramatic." Renard said. He ran ahead a bit and climbed a nearby rock with surprising ease. He was nimble and quick enough for the Colonel to be taken aback slightly. Renard didn't come back down, even as the army was marching past. He was squinting in the distance. Eventually he jumped back down and ran back to the front of the army.

"Well?" Lionhear asked irritably.

"Something's wrong."

"Dare I ask what?"

"I don't know, some new structure or something. If we can't use the oasis we'll have to stretch our water supply until we get to the next one." 

The closer the army got, the more Lionheart could see what Renard was referring to. There were three tall buttes in close proximity to one another. In the area between the buttes was something blocking the view of the oasis. As they got close, Renard held up his hand to stop. He scanned where the oasis should have been.

"Well? We're tired, make up your mind." Lionheart complained.

"It's a stone wall." Renard stated.

"A what?" the commander bit back.

"There is a giant stone wall in between the buttes." Renard said.

"What made it?"

"I have no idea." Renard admitted bluntly.

"What?" the colonel demanded.

"I said I don't know."

"How about make camp?"

"Out in the open sand? You'd be asking for it." Renard reached up and scratched his ear. "I don't know who walled off the oasis...the pigmen might attack again as well." Renard growled and scratched his other ear. "Okay, take a break, I'm going to go look. If I don't come back...well...you're on your own." Renard began jogging towards the oasis. Lionheart watched him leave with a sour expression. Perhaps he really wouldn't come back. The commander would count that as a blessing. Lionheart turned around to his column of troops.

"Take a break! Stay on alert!" he shouted. Most of the soldiers either fell onto their butts or backs as they groaned in relief. Now they had to sit and wait.

Just as the sun crossed the horizon, Renard returned. The fox had an odd grin on his face. He seemed to be chuckling and talking to himself. The colonel was standing with his officers, receiving reports of his men's morale. The fox walked up to them, still scratching one of his ears. All of the officers stared at him, appearing confused. That was all except Major Ackler. He was staring out into the desert, seemingly deep in thought.

"Well?" the colonel asked. Renard shook his head and chuckled.

"Um...commander, we should talk alone." the fox man said. All the other officers muttered, except for Major Ackler, who, again, was staring out in the desert contemplating. The colonel appeared even more irritated, but walked with Renard away from the other officers. When they were out of earshot Lionheart stopped and crossed his arms.

"What is it that is so important that you can't tell my officers?" he asked.

"Well...the thing this, this oasis is now inhabited." Renard said chuckling.

"By what?"

"Pigmen...females."

Instantly, the colonel appeared alarmed. "Do they mean to attack us?" His officers stirred among themselves, hearing the agitation in their leader's voice.

"No...no no, the exact opposite."

"I...don't understand."

"Here's the thing...pigmen females, colloquially called pigwomen, hate pigmen males."

"I can understand that."

"You can probably also understand how desperately they seek males who...are not pigmen."

"What are you saying?"

"We could waltz in and get water...but...just how well do you trust the men in your army to control their urges?"

"...Are you kidding?"

"A bunch of men, among women they can't touch, under a lot of stress, far from home? I wouldn't put it past them." For once, Lionheart actually agreed with Renard. He gazed over at his men, many of them who were already struggling with low morale. They were stressed and morale was low. Although not specifically forbidden in their texts, the High Priest spoke against consorting with monsters vehemently before they set out.

"What should we do?" Colonel Lionheart asked.

"Honestly? We should avoid it. Pigwomen are pretty desperate for men. If we send women they'll just get angry and refuse them entry."

"Where do we go?"

"I saw a gathering of rocks on the other side of the settlement. It's probably a more defensible position than the open desert. It's only a few more miles of marching. If we ration the water we should make it to the next oasis." 

Colonel Lionheart didn't look as if he liked that idea, but he turned to his officers. "Prepare to move out! The oasis is infested! We're going around it!" A chorus of groans from the army could be heard, but everyone rose to their feet. Renard began walking away to assume his position at the front of the army. The colonel reached out and seized his arm. The fox man turned his head to see angry eyes. 

"I don't want anymore surprises." the colonel ordered. Renard scoffed and tore his arm away.

"Tell that to the desert." the fox man replied. He resumed walking. The colonel glared after him. His faith in this half-monster was dwindling by the second.

*

Once the entire army had settled down at their camp for the night, Talia Fenner got a surprising request. Just as her tent was up and secure the colonel's new assistant, Private Catarina Steinem, came by and ordered her to report to the colonel's tent. This had never been done before. Normally when people called her to a private audience they wanted...you know what. Although the colonel had never been such a man, he seemed...unstable since they arrived in the desert. When Talia entered his tent she saw that the colonel was sharpening his sword. She instantly gulped and stood at attention.

"Captain Fenner, reporting." she said.

"I have a new assignment for you." he said without looking. "I don't trust this fox monster that's leading us. He seems to have a thing for you, like most men. I want you to keep an eye on him. If he acts suspicious at all, kill him." Talia flinched. The idea of killing Renard for some reason...bothered her. "Is that a problem?" This snapped Talia out of her thoughts.

"No sir." she said. "I understand sir."

"Good, dismissed." he said. Talia briefly put her fist over her heart as a salute before walking away.

Talia found Renard relaxing at his tent. She waited by it as the night ticked on, annoyed that he wasn't doing anything. Sometime during the night after the camp went quiet, Renard emerged from his tent. Through some uncomfortable acrobatics around tents, she managed to stay out of his eyesight. Finally he reached the edge of camp...and kept going. Talia stopped by a large rock at the edge of camp. Renard was marching towards the pigwoman settlement, as if it were a casual stroll.

"He's betraying us!" Talia growled to herself. "The colonel was right!" The captain knelt down behind the rock. She gripped her sword. Once he returned, she planned to chop him to bits. She couldn't believe she thought he was something different!

After what seemed like another eternity, Talia could see Renard returning. His arms were full with something wrapped in cloth, likely a bribe. Talia drew her sword and waited as Renard approached. Right when he strolled beside her, she leaped out from behind the rock. Renard calmly took a leap backwards. He didn't appear surprised in the slightest.

"Oh, you're still following me?" the fox man asked. "Don't you ever get tired?"

"You might as well surren...wait..." Talia began, her voice falling. "You knew I was following you?"

"I wasn't supposed to?" Renard asked. "I thought you were following me in an obvious fashion around so that the colonel knew I was being watched. That was you sneaking? Wow...that was terrible." Talia flinched at the insult. She quickly regained her composure. She gripped her sword and held it up.

"Nevermind that!" she yelled. "I saw you go consort with the enemy! What are you carrying? The gold you got for selling us out?" The fox man laughed. He unwrapped the cloth. Inside was not gold or jewels, but fruits, the kinds of which Talia had never seen. The captain slowly lowered her sword.

"If you think I can be bribed with just fruit, I am insulted." Renard replied. "I was just using the pigwomen's generosity to score some sweet food." The fox man couldn't help but notice that Talia's eyes were transfixed by the colorful fruit. Renard laughed and reached into the mess of produce. "Want one?"

"What...is that?" Talia asked reluctantly.

"It's a tangerine."

"It...it's really a tangerine!?" Talia's voice was picking up.

"You sound really excited."

"Only the ultra-rich can afford them back home. Can I...really have it? It sells for like fifty gold!"

"They're cheap here. Go ahead." he said. He tossed the fruit towards her. Talia dropped her sword to catch it. She instantly turned it over and began looking at it as if it were a piece of gold. Renard grinned. Without thinking, Talia sat beside him on the rock. She looked for opening on the fruit.

"How do you eat this?" Talia asked.

"You have to cut it up into eights." Renard explained. "Here, hand it to me. I'll use my claws." Talia handed the fruit back to him a little reluctantly. With his claws, he easily cut the fruit into pieces and handed it back to her. She once again gazed over it. Her eyes studied the juicy insides, more fascinated than hungry.

"Now what?" she asked. Renard chuckled again.

"Stick one of pieces in your mouth and suck on it." the fox man instructed. "Gently though."

